CURRENT TOPICS. Some of the labor leagues are expending a great deal of'energy in condemnation of tho several labor representatives who supported the Government in connection with Mr. Reid's motion of censure. This does not causo the slightest uneasiness to those gentlemen, nor will it havo tho designed effect on tho more thoughtful of tho working men in the metropolis. The majority of the individuals- who take an active part in the labor leagues are them selves aspirants for soats in Parliament, and for months past they have been fervently hoping that a general election would soon take place, so that thoy might have a chance of being nominated. For tho interests of tho working man they do not care a straw, but &b; long as they can use him for tho promotion of their own selfish objects they will do bo. Does any sensible person who has 'watched their proceed ings -during tho last twelve months really believe that they are enthu siastic concerning any of the planks in tho labor platform 7 Some of them have made it apparent that theylwill be sorry if the one man one vote principle iB legalised. The labor representatives whom they de nounce possess more of the confidence of the working classes than any of their colleagues do. Messrs. Fitzqeeald and ICELLYare more highly esteemed in West Sydney than Messrs. Black and Davis— indeed it is gonerally understood that neither of tho latter of theso representatives will get into Parliamont again — and everybody knows that Messrs. Hoyle and Sharp havo safe soats for Redfern, whilst the notable Mr. Sohey lias not the ghost of a chance of being again returned by that constituency. The schemers belonging to tho labor leagues, who have been breathing out threatening and slaughter against the Government, may be perfectly sure of the fact that the working men generally under stand their little game. Tna senior member fcr Canterbury made a miserable attempt in the Assembly yester day evening to show that he bad not been guilty of obstruction on tho previous day. The explanation lie made was received with derieivo laughter. The reason, he said, why ho had , taken tho course com. plained of was because a number of bills of his own had been blocked by the objection of a single member, and because the bulk of the business on the Opposition side of the House had been blocked in that way; and he thought it fair that the Government should havo somo experience of that sort of thing. From this explana tion it is clear that Mr. Carrbthers was actuated in what he did by the spirit of revenge. Somebody had blocked bills of his own, therefore he would obstiuot tho Elootoral Bill. It is, of course, well known that Mr, Carruthers has a very small miud, and that his vanity is in inverse proportion to the size of his intellect, but for all that his conduct, as admitted in bis own explana tion, is surprising. But by his expression of wounded vanitv and of nettv rflvanffo he did not injure the Government, ; or tho individual who objected to his little measures ; he , injured tho country. Blec- toral reform is a question in whioh all classes are interested, and to block it is to insult them. Bnt we may suppose that Mr. Carruthers cannot see this, or if he doeB he believes that the creations of his own insignificant mind are of morn importance than anything else which the Assembly has to consider. The conduct of the senior member for Canterbury has com pelled the Government to ask the House to make a regulation that will have the effect of . preventing a repetition of snoh conduct 7- by any member. In the publio interest the House should do what |cho Government desire, Mr. M'Millan has returned from England with renewed health and vigor. He was absent nearly 12 months, and according to his own statement ho enjoyed himBolf thoroughly. To a Herald man, who inter- viewed him, he has stated that the visit of the Premier to tho old country had undoubtedly been beneficial to New South Wales; and ho appears to be surprised that the Honse made a Iqss because a portion of the Premier's expenses was obtained from the Treasury. But knowing hiB party as he does, he should not bo surprised at that. Probably there are not five men in the . Assembly who sincerely beliovo that a great wrong wes done by the Cabinet instructing the Treasurer to pay £1000 towards the cost of Sir George Dibbs' mission without previously consulting Parliament on the subjeot objection was taken to this matter simply because the Opposition could think of nothing else on which to justify a motion of censure against the Government. Mr. M'Millan has con veyed that he has little or no confidence in Mr. Rkid, and will support him only in conneotion with the fiscal question. Un- huppy Mr, Reid ! The feeling of thesenior member for East Sydnoy towards him is shared by the majority oi the best men on tho Opposition benches, and by hun dreds of merchants and professional men. The party really do not know what to do with him. They would be glad if he resigned the leadership, but they know very well that he cannot take that step. Despised by Sir Henry Parkes, mis- , trusted by Mr. M'Millan, and regarded as a hopeless failure by several other prominent Oppositionists, he is certainly not an object of. envy. But we are not sure thatMr, ' '' M'Millan is entitled to throw a stone at him, for that gentleman was as great a failure when in charge of the Treasury as Mr, Reid is as leader of the Opposition. Some of the members of the Church Con-' gress that assembled at Folkestone this - week have given the enemies of Christianity just cause to blaspheme. The Ritualistio aud the Low Church sections came into open conflict in the streets, and fought as peopio aro said to do at Donny-' brook Fair. Tho Low Churchmen were the aggressors, and it may be hoped that they were soundly thrashed. . Accord ing to the cablegrams, they had a procession, and carried banners thereat, on which were depicted scenes connected with the Smith- Hold ninrr.vpdnma oovornl nantnriao nnn was an utterly unpardonableproceeding. The opponents should, of course, have preserved self-control, and regarded tho affair as an exhibition of lunacy, but having just as much human nature as average citizens they burst into a passion, and fighting naturally followed. By their conduct both sections have done more harm to the great cause to which they profess to have devoted their lives than they will be able to do good by thousands of sermons or exhibitions of ritualistic millinery. They have proved that they are as bigoted and intolerant as tho bigots who lived in the dark ages. The very fact that the Low Churchmen dis played banners containing representations of burnings that took place in the reign of Queen Mary suggests that if they had the power to do so they would burn active Catholics, and particularly Jesuits, without the slightest) hesitation. And if tho Ritualists were in authority they would make short work of tho Evangelicals. Happily neither section can do much harm to their neighbors. Their manifestations of ecclesiastical intolerance aud religious bigotry are regarded by the general public with contempt. 