._R IDAY,.SEE ,EMBER~. i1892.' Tie-. proposed iicrease i le ? lst ige front one penniy to twopence, ;notwith standinig a.-natural? prejitlete, to any retrograde step, '?hould Itice?t itlh vet !i'tile oppo?ition i -theit colttry district:. Itis a.tax t yuhitis estitiiited to ilcrease th, it.rtiutu b shis euetliti" lible 85;,0110, andi the bullkl f this will cille out of the pockets o the 'ciniiircial classes, who a..e thi serviced' to a'arei?.S t c'ntl According to a enemlraldiumii furiisled to. Snt A .G ;l.ti.d L Bitli by i tih ac citinti:ii Gof ,th' Giienral/post Office, prior: t eo rteituioni in the postage to l the receipts foi the preiosityear from the sil ai f : tWiilolpiu stiil. statiis were £240,000, atnd he "etiiatel1. that the •doption of theu lower rate wouild drcrease the receipts by,?£)J,000 drmiig' the first syear, .Owing .ito ,the amalganiationi of the duty with postage stainmp the actual initiiecTal resdiilt cidl lii tlib?b. irrived at appro :iiiitely. It wi estimated that" if the 2drate.were re-imposed the receipts wouldI i; increased by £85,000. The loss for the pi?t year -ii the Post Office Depariitelnt ;=fromnt l all-, sources was '181,0931: and theuiTreailu'rer tiade it '.er cletiar that ioiiiething would have to be deti to alter this very unsatisfactory state' inff!. t'air. The people would object vr'r otrongily against the curtail nient of ainl facilities for correspondence, td? io.dild iucli i'prefer to pay more for the ,service thlein be de tied tlte mneatns now provided for connliniiticaticn Itoth with the colonies and the outer world. It is a service which ceannot well be niadle gay its way in a small Olllnitinitv, aid that is liot to be attelii:tedl, bet the Go vernment :are very properly determined on working this departnlent withl as little loss as possible. The twopenny postage will assist them. MIr 3M'LEsx, ill speaking on the motionforthie second reading of the Bill. which is terned the Post Office Aniendtlelit Bill, intimated that the Governltelnt would agree to limit the increase to July 18:14. The hion. ulleiler regretted as miuch its anyl lemlber ill the Holse the necessity for the increase, but there was a heavy loss oni the working of the postal department, and be did not Ihink it right that the Sgeieral publho jbould have to agalke un the whole of the loss on a trading con cern which largely benefitted the comn mercial classes. .In consequence o)f this heavy loss the country districts, Gipps land especially, have been deprived of postal accot.tuo?ation, which they en joyed for years, and in common fairness Parliament shlould do something for them,. Decrease the loss and the privi leges will be correspondingly increased, and although it will not be pleasant to pay twopence, where formerly one penny was sufficient, the cantry- constituencies will no doubt submlit with good grace. The grants in aidt to nechanics' isatutntea are based on certain fixed rnl'e. and .the' interference of memhero' of Parliamenlt e?n in no way influence the distribtiion of the. grant :Thea allooance to the Bairnsdale institute is only about half that granted to Sale, andl if political influence had anything to lo with tle i idotibhution of the vote Air MI'Lan oulild not e likely to neglect the capital of his.electorate.; It is, therefore, amusing in, reaol in'the "Courier" that Mr .Harris was istriiinental in ohbtinine a grant of £11i torardilo the 'osedale insti. tote. Mesh:r s Contnrctos in the,lhildig tratlde will be pleased to learn that plans and specific ltions Ihave Ieen prepared for the new Cooen att Sale, andi tenders for the erectin of:the etructnreuwill he invited next weelt. .he fiitr,!iighitlyt meetio? of the Sale branch, A. NA., takes place to-ight'i After ordinary Ii;,iness, s'ererl anonymous papers will lie read ani discussed. The colle tor for the Ihosedlole shlire will attend at tie folowicng places lunritg next..1 week for the purpose of receilvng payment of rates :-Glengarry, Tuesday-, ;,T oo.. gabhie, WlVednesday, tl " and Cowwar, Thursday; .8tl . Mlr W'H. Goodwin, the sccessful can. didateatlthe recent el etioi for tlhe.Ton gabbie s riding,: Iosedale shire econcil, elsewhere;conveys hi/thnak ,ptoa the rate payers for the hotor they. have conferred on llim byy electilg ,lhimn witli such a splendid mjority - "'-. .,. .7 1.+ e... . t iNow that the warm weather is approach ing, pelest'riais will do' well to keep their f eyes open fur the dreadeil,reptiles tltat make the'r.appesrancesat this:timelof year. A pa ty ofladlies were almnost frightleiil'bt o of their ' its in t!e Sale cemetery yesterday I a?terinoon; Ily the" close proximilty of ' brown isnake fully four. fet long. The ladies made tiemselves scarce, consequently a kill asT not effected. A couple of fair idol snakes iwete despatcheC at Desailly's e hlot ednesoay.n p ;i' enoy The number of cattleyuarle for Wednesn day'a ?'.el nu e , almes (I250) ?was the t siallest for year poast. Conipetition was extremely pirited at an?l. adr?nce'of 2O2 on prervous week's market. Ten lilocks from Mr Brenna''s Woodside station made the splendid average of l1 3 ; and 40 of Tsjon'aHeyfield bullocks realised £14 2s ecli. ,: t-.... ?fJ ,; The Fisheries Commission took it de. I artlnre for Sydney by the express train on Wednesday -afternoon. One of the oljectsd of the visit is to inquire iiitohe system adlpte?dlhere for cetting Sih to market andt the meihod of supereici' g the sales. lrier to their departure tihe members of the com misslon were;. shotiar over the new fish e markets in- Fliii?tstlrisetleiiuhi are ntow almost completed.' After the inspection, the party veire iriforrilly entertaiited by the a Mlayor (Cr., Lang). /As tle sumtn oted hIy the Government for the expenses of the con; mission was only £50, the whole of the cost of the Sydney trip will hI hornehtyMh'r ` ti~'kinsi. The piarty which left comprised Mlessrs. Salmoti, Mason, Ilopkins, J. Harris., W. T. Carter. A' lHrri. T. L. Smith, Dow c isiles and Blosi-ti, .'s.L.A. The party i nill retnrn on Monday. Mir Bell, P.M.; presitleil at the Sile court yesterday; wihen" Inspector alikinson pro- t eetled against tlrtagsret lir.ey, licensee of I ti 'Prince if tales iitel. or?r having her lar doonrnpen on the imoratin: o,,f Thursday, Augot llth. .lr Bunshe, wrlh appeared for the 'defelldntl ; 'lmittdl the nffence, and atated that-Mrs Harley wan tto unwell to atlen the cornt. '7The inln.et."r asid the iuformatin was laitd ulttler the j143d section of the Licensing Act, and went on to say that at about h tlf-past three o'eo'ck to'lthe nidrinLg in juestiots Colstile Collier: iwho wa otn duty, found the bar door open, Miss Htirley in thn Iar..anl, several yionr men in the ,ljoiing room. Mr Biushb said that what the inspector had 'rated was qui'e cor rit.e Miss Hurley had been ata hail on thq ntigh4of the 10th of August,- ad when return ning from it:early next morning she was ac compniedlt to the hotIl by a few friends. Miss Hurley invited them in to the bar parlor, nd, while esacged ilU . conversation the constable walked in. There was no drink inf and no attempt tI cneral niny'luing atbhough a-techoical olfTence had been com-' mitted. Constable Collier depused that lie funl the' lir'doroniropen, thli licensee's lu'hiilte iiutthe bar, aitt five nouig men in he r pirlr. lIe hesrl a rperconask fr itink, bit t? a ntne sa-rin . dr v li answer Io Mr nti ht, r ie'alle asil the yioung men were in eietiiig tlr.is. Mir lushe nbnhmittietl thalt tilhe e eoflr e inllllttel nap purey a teh niiail one, m and wanotoloeii contraventionof the.Act Mri Bedliatitl t?Ih?t ihe penally seeinmed a ivery heavny oie . and l lile lie ie mot kid tlhatit s inio h very emall offencelthe said te. Itd tl. alternatie rlint t lued e Txhe peotceduing of t t Legiesoltivo Council on Wednotsday were, riith ono ecdcption, of comparatively cmelipubtlin iilterest. Theo Registration of Firms Billeras riceived from the Leigoslatti?:eoisseinbl3, whlere the ame.d nents made by tle Cuuiditl hia I ieeti agreedl to d r Mrt'elveille ai;8 ig beeiiiinfirmed that certain cor espo letce relatiig to Dr. Spnigidgorpe wo!?hld h I tid on the tib!e in ihe liibrary.?'and "Mr'Coorinur hai ing uein o"snured- toteii eery, preiautinn was being takei to perecnt the ititoduction of cholera, Mr duiinwadensuccededl in crryig his motion d-ireectil' "gainot Ageuta;General .holding c?cntrollingpiiooitio'ts in pullic comu~panies.- The secmid radiitg ofo the Oakleigh Shird Offices Bill wai agreed to, and the Council tlhen resunmle considerntion of the Companies' Act Amtendmenit Bill in committee. The nibuint of pidl-up capital which alhould necestaitatie a comipany being would up in the Supreme insted of the Insolvleney Coot t was incre?el firomn £0,000 to £100,000. Considerable antagonism was shown by Iimemibers on bothl sildes of the House to the clauses imputingi certain duties, withl penalties for not.fultihtrent, on the directors, andt, after lotte discussiont, direc tora were relieved fromt sub:nitting and verifying a att teimettt af the oemnpany's atfits, anlt the work left to the oflicers. The claune itself wts corried hby 18 voroes to 13, andil progress was shortly afterwards re ported. .Mr Zsol expresotd a wish to push the Beer Duties Bill tlhroughl that uiglt, and after somne discussion on hur'iiet legislation (says the "Argus") the ltiou.e agreed to pass the bill thiroulh all its stages, and the House odjournel at half.plt 10 o'clock until Tus~lay next. An itjiustice was dlone to Mr James Hirams in the statemoent that lie persisted in uing tilhe ailway pass isatuedl to him as a meimber of Parliamenlt. He has never under any circiumstncees used tihe piss since hI left. Parlh.l,~et. He. however. oenotenlo lthat niler ipcciIl reanlutiim of the Anstmbly I li is perfectly enaitled to usa the pas if ho Schooloe to o s,"o, Jam:s Ellis has been fined £13., with £12 124 costs, for se:ling fluky mutton, in Mel. bourne, a few days inoce. 1r Grimwade'. mlotion, broughlt forward in the Lgislative Council, to prevent Agents-General of thecolony front accepting positions t.f cntrol in public eompanies, ewa; obsed by tile mover on the grounl tethatla Agent;General, who held an ounalignu position to an atmbasiador. did not contribut, to the interests nor tihe dignity of the colony" by forming these connections outsit'e li" oflice. Mr. Grimwade clhbined te ba entirely free from anly peronal feeling in thee ettter Mr Zeal, who followed, didl not see that thle Government's hands shouel tbe tied oan thiL q1estion,.and poin:ed nout that, .rith the consent of the 'Ministry, dittingeishled and valulitle AgentasGeueral in the past hal been connected with tinanciat cl stitntions., The motion was sooppoted by- Sr Freedri jk Sargotd, who urgel that an AgentJGeneral ahouid be free from any possible fear of entanglement, and in such a phsition that no one could throw stones at him. and at a later stage Mlr Service also gave his ladhesion to the principle of the motion, takine the npportunity of paying a tribute t? tlhe manner in which Sir Graham lierry had lillel. the Agent-General's p:at. The chief danger of a personal claracter heing given to the debate occurred while Mr Fraser was speakin,. that hon. member atcid repeated interruptions insisting upon expressing his own unshaken belief in his Ihte col:'egue rit Munro. Hie opposel- the motion na certain to Ie ineffeetual, -hot it was even tunally put and carried, those members who •oted against it foregoing a division on the qnestion. - A foolich joke, which is slnated to have ,early resulted inthe death of ii yoenu matn anmed James Grogan, was perpetrated near the Bfoolidara° Cemetery,\ in Fat. hI"ew,; soame few nights since. A ghost story lhad eeln going the rotunds of lthe district, and young'Grogan, it appears, had stated to, some e,;mpaeoins that he lihd no fens? of stich alt jects. The following nigltt one of tile cumber, raind' 'on etilt and 'enveloped in a white nheet, soddenly enefrontd him as Ithe was passilig tlhe cemetery reserve. Groarn su?as tained such a terrible shock that lie staggered to a lamp post nwl fell insensible to the ground. Iu this condition he was ccoreyed 'The Great Clearing iolen of Chothinrondd Drapery at FEICIIENFEfI, IcROS'. gives thle rich, l dt poor alikeln; u,?lco~nlunii chance to' get lirst-c'ao goodsl at merely nominal prices. An immense stock opent for nelectioti. [Aenor.] .. i Save money by sendlng to Lincoln Steart aud Co. (Ltd.), 2.3S Flinders-street. Mel. hourne. The laruest I'ailoring Estaletishar.eut inthe Cityj-Tlthy waili pos?;to yntefree on pplpcationLsamiples nfoTweeldoatid instraoc tions for self-measnrentent. A really good ,erviseahle all wool suit to measure for42s; try them. -(Arvr.) 