TALK ON 'CHANGE. The Hon. John Nimmo was my repre sentative until the dissolution of Parlia ment, and at the time of publication of this he may be so again. I ought to hold him in the highest veneration, n instead of which," as an Irishman would say, we frequent the same barber's shop. The barber j is a strong supporter of the Hon. John, and when he has a customer so fully lathered that he cannot open his mouth he invariably I says a few words on behalf of the Parlia mentary customer who gives a tone to the business, and who may often be seen on a sunny afternoon Bitting on the broad window sill, gazing where his thoughts have led him —into vacancy. In the barber's shop bangs a coloured sketch of ' the Hon. John) taken in the days when there was still a glare of genius in his eye, before his expression had settled into Premier Permanent gloom. The Hon. John sat in the barber's chair one day, under the soothing influence of the lather uid a good razor, gazing at the counterfeit presentment of his former seif, when a man came in who knew not John. " Hullo I" said he, " I see you have a portrait of Deeming there. Capital, too, by Jove! The best I have seen. The fiendish expression in the eye is splendidly caught" I left hurriedly to catch the train for the city. Mr. Meadows is my labour candidate, and all round me I hear remarks about "green Meadows" and uncultivated Meadows, &c.; If Meadows gets in I shall,' of course, have a share in him—an allotment, let us say—and that will be the first piece of real estate I ever owned. Therefore, I am in a dilemma. If, as a socialist and progres sive leaguer, I vote for Meadows, I shall ran the dreadful chance 1 of being a landowner, and thuB undermine my own principles. The leaguers being very short of funds since the strike are obliged to adopt economical means of. advertising. The favourite device 'Is to exhort the electors by means of sentenoes whitewashed 'oh the asphalt. One morning I found myself enjoined on every 60 yards of the footpath to vote for Meadows. put in the night the enemy came and added the word "Don't," and now the advice is:—" Don't vote for Meadows." It is against the bye-laws to write on the pavement, but the labour mem ben interpret bye-laws to be laws which may he passed by. "Are you in favour of giving women a vote?' was the question asked ot a bluff Belfast man, whom we all hope to see back in the place in Parliament whioh he has filled for many yean. "Yes," he replied; " there are many women more deserving of a vote than some men. (Loud applause.) Many a woman is tied to a lazy, thriftless, drunken husband, who sponges upon her, mops up her hard earnings, and afterwards beats or otherwise ill-treataher into the bargain." (ffrantio applause, long continued.) The jspfialrnr was astonished at the enthusiasm he he had evoked until he wss informed after the meeting that he had given a most graphic and forcible description of the Character of his questioner, who, though iatxival| had made himself in the neighbourhood. This believes In women's speUs" sufferings," blocks* where there hah been ho riun for five months, says i—" A aqhatter here hW'the fol lowing notice in his store.* For, sale a good rain-gauge and measure, the owner having no further use for them." I hope that by this time the gauge is in full work again. Another doleful correspondent, who signs himself "ASquattah," writes as follows:— " Dear ' Woomera,'—We are going through a drought after rabbits having eaten us out, but I think the enclosed card is the last straw. Fancy, two rungs down the social ladder .at one pop." The enclosed card (omitting names) is as follows " F. J. , Haircutting Booms. Shearers, , teamsters, squatters, and the public of Wil-1 cannia can depend on firet-class haircutting, shaving, or shampooing (hot or cold) at this establishment.". Yes, it is hard on the Bqnatter to make him wait whilst the shearers and teamsters get their heads washed. But it is a contingency not likely to arise often. . I mentioned a abort time since, with some amount of justifiable pride, my acquaintance with Detective Cawsey. The name of that astute officer is being misused just now in a most reprehensible manner, and 1 should ill deserve thepiacewhich I hold in his esteem did I not.at once expose and denounce the practice. < It & asked, for instance—" How can we be sure Williamsis Deeming?" The answer fe " C&w;&ey; ('cause he) says so." Or again, "Why did Williams cut off his moustache ?" " Cawsey ('cause he) couldn't help it." I need only mention such frivolity to arouse the indignation of all right-think ing persons. " Have yon seen the ' School for Scandal,' at the Opera-house, Miss Theatreparty?' | " No, I have not. The fact is I am awfully tired of Shakspeai£." " But this is Sheridan, 1 think." "Oh, to be sure; you mean that dreadful Widow O'Brien at the Theatre Royal? I could not think of going there."! The above .is a verbatim report (by our own i special reporter) of a conversation held last week. A bookmaker lay ill—very ill indeed, and the clergyman came, but failed altogether to awaken any interest in the afflicted sports man until he quoted from the old verse, 1 Lore and hope and friendship blend, For each year their price is more." " What! going up in the betting, are they ?" said the poor fellow. " Well, that's comfort- ] ing anyhow. They'll soon be even money, and they haven't the ghost of a show." He I fell into a sweet, untroubled sleep, and when he woke and called for a soda " with a stick in it," his anxious friends knew that the | worst was oyer. If one wants a really pointed criticism of j the armament at Port Phillip Heads he must go to an officer who knows something abont it—he can get a sweeping condemnation without criticism from almost any corporal j in the force or civilian outside. This week I was being shown over Queenscliff fort by an artillery officer, who said there was only one bad gnn in the battery, "old, ancient, and and modem," the gunners called it This was a smooth-bore muzzle-loading eighty pounder that should long since hare gone to a military museum, fitted up on the disappear ing principle with the most perfect of modem mountings. "The incongruity of this arrangement," said the officer, "may not strike yon; but it will, when I say that the policy of putting such a gun on such mountings is on a par with the wisdom of a man who, having found a bung, gets a cask specially made to fit it" At the church parade held in Queenscliff I barracks on Sunday part of the service was | read by the offioer commanding the Vic torian Artillery - in that throaty, sterterons style common to soldiers. At times the listeners were naturally a bit confused as to who was supposed to be the commander and who the humble servant, but none the less I had proof that this little bit of Scripture—hall marked, so to. speak, with the major's ap proval—went a long way. In the evening I heard a bombardier,1 Apropos of some inci dent, remark, "Herefe another Isaac come to judgment" He wits not far out The Isaac who visits Queenscliff in time of peace generally comes not to j udgment, hut with judgment—Ooiinty CouirtJudgment The moraing was cold and the party of staff-offioere, on reaching the house of a civilian, were generously invited to come in " for a nip of something warm this cold morning." But the Major-General remarked, ' "No thankB, it's ^oo early for me," and the re maining staff-ofooeis, of oourse, echoed the sentiment, much tpthe dismay of the adjutant, who was hoping * for an. exception before it came to histom, The Chairman of the Metropolitan Bo^rd of Works, who, as every one knows.is 9 soldier inspirit and a civilian only by 'stress tf -Oiroumstances, was riding with the party, ancl.on the invitation being extended to him, replied "No, thanks; it's too early for me—and besides I've jost had one." In the laughter that followed the adjutant unconsciously took the three fingers of whiBky \yhich be had fully intended to decline,. One never wonders more at the obstinacy of the world in .general than when he reads the wonderful briefs prepared for counsel in leading lawsuits. They usually indioate that, from a moralpoint of view, the person who j is to give testimony is fitted for almost any j other oooapatlori on earth than that of tell ing " the truth, the whole truth, and nothing bat the truth,* lately I was witness in a libel action, 'tad had a Journalist's privilege of seeing thebriefa. That containing my ownttotimonr vjfas beaded—^^eieeMyw §ento. jla *he% taown to be Men^yto the plaintiff." Counsel acted 'op to his inatroc tions, and we discussed almost every other subject than the caac before the coon. Bat the staple fsot that I neither knew norhad ever, even seen the plaintiff or any of h' friends, and was pot oonoerned as to whic eide won, has made, tne ever since regai these engtoetod^riefs as "a legal fictiqa carried aIittletoo^r.M „ . . . an Sastern Suburban hither end thither in search of a.seat, finally halted between Tomsk andthe neighbouring conati tuenoy, He appealed to two men wbom he met in the streets to help him out; of his difficulty, and they promptly answered, " The Eastern Suburlis, toy all means, my boy; and we'll sign your nomination paper," It was not until afterwards they told him they were friends of Mr. Edward Langton. A leading firm of solicitors in the city announced a half-holiday on Wednesday, so that their employes might vote. They were waited on afterwards by a number of the clerks, who explained that they took no interest in politics, and asked for the whole day in order to go on a shoot ing trip in the country. "I'm surprised that you take no interest in politics, said the principal, "because it depends a good deal on this election as to whether your salaries will have to be lowered or not." Their interest in-politics quickened abnor mally froth that instant. . WOOMERA. 