^???:' ' .- : ''-:geEap'-' ?'.-;??.?' The Origin of 'Mafia' It is interesting to recall the history of a name that was once patriotic, but has become debased to' the point of infamy. The word Mafia is made up of . an acrostic, each letter of which. is the initial of a sentence in much- use by the Sicilians at the revolt of Palermo, six centuries ago. The revolt and cry arose in a way peculiar to the times, but out, of date now. At a festival on Easter Tuesday, a multitude of the inhabitants of Palermo thronged to a church, about half a mile out of the city, dedicated to the Holy Ghost. The religious service was over, and the merriment had begun ; the tables were Bpread, and amuse ments of all sorts, dancing, andgames were . going on under the shade trees. Every thfnj was proceeding gaily when the harmony was suddenly interrrupted and the joyouBness chilled by the appearance of French soldiery, under the pretext of keeping peace. The French mingled freely with the crowd, and soon became rough and not over respectful to the women. This excited the young Sicilians, who told tbe Frenchmen to go their way. Said the latter, 'These rebellious Petarins must have arms, or they would not dare be so insolent ;' and on that pretence a search for arms was instituted. The two parties were already worked up to a high pitch, when, as the story goes, the beautiful daughter of Mas traugelto, a maiden of exquisite beauty and modesty, approached the church with her bridegroom. A Frenchman named Drouet, either in wantonness or insult, caino up to her, and, under pretence of searching for arms, thrust his hands into her b^som. The' girl fainted in her bride groom's arms, and he in his agony uttered the f*tal cry— 'Jforfe.. alia' Francis, Italia Ariela.' The cry ran through the crowd to the city, and all th£ .French, there were hunted down and' slain without regard to age or sex. Every -house was . searched, ? and when an .enemy was found the. cry went forth ' Mafia,' - the wliole sentence, being too long for ready use. The initial of each word put together became a word in themselves and a rallying cry. Thus the now notorious came originated, which literally interpreted means : ' Death to the French Italy . desires.' Eventually it was used to' designate a society for the pro tection of the poor and innocent against the aggressions of the rich and powerful. Finally that society degenerated until it became nothing better than a band of cut throats and outlaws. Many of them have left their country for their country's good, but the methods of the Mafia will hot be 'tolerated in 'fc'he United States. — S. F. News ' '.Letter. ;'?'?'? 