RANDOM PAPERS. By Quivis. FRIENDS IN COUNCIL. In the lobby of the Trades-hall the usual Friday night gathering, the wonted knots in earnest confabulation, and a generally expressed opinion that the times are out of joint. One gentleman describes thle situa- tion thus :-"Things is all rotten, sir-Par- liament, Government, and everything-the country's played out ; there!" And the knot which constitutes his present environment acquiesce with a sorrowful " Hear, hear." A blatant voice is calling out " 'Ere's yer Worker, ere's yer Commonwealth," but the trade in these high-class journals is limited. They will be selling freely at the river bank next Sunday, but the groups in the lobby don't think, apparently, that they throw much light upon the situation just at present. Delegates, with the stamp of authority upon gait and looks, are entering the council cham- ber by the dozen, and they will presently be at the old business of passing resolutions condemning everything and everybody. The resolutions do not matter much now, but they are still passed, and the assumption is still bravely maintained that they cause everybody to tremble, The correspondence dealt with will show that they are wrestling with the old Chinese difficulty, and are still harassed by the immoral ship's captain who tampers with one of their palladia- the Chinese Restric- tion Act. They will condemn the Government for " attempting to undermine the principles of unionism by coercing men to accept less than the current rate of wages." They will be condemned by the Locomotive Workshops Union for asking the Premier to shorten the working hours in the department, and they will condemn the union as brutal. The outcome of all the discussions is not much practically, and it does nothing to lay that ghost which haunts the council persistently now—Lower Wages. The prophets of Baal cut them- selves and cried aloud till the going down of the sun, but the fire did not come down from heaven. Mrs. Partington swept with her broom to the best of her ability, but she could not keep back the Atlantic. Brave, but misguided souls ! It is pathetic to see them every Friday night fighting against the inevitable, and condemning "the refractory multiplication table, which cannot be picketted or boycotted or hustled into a horse-trough. In No. 7 room upstairs, however, the atmosphere is serene, and a gathering is being held where nobody is condemned, and where friends in Council are discussing how to save the commonwealth by co-operation. The Friends are not in a hurry to commence the formal business ot the evening, and you have "therefore time to study the literature of the Victorian Co- operative Society, which is, spread on the forms for the information of all and sundry. Informal discussions are going on all over the room, and owing to the bland atmosphere of room No. 7, they do not generate much heat. That between the tall gaunt man and the dark close-cropped person is not without its significance. This is one of its pas sages : Gaunt Man,-" Of course we like the city. Who'd be such a fool as stay, out of it if he could ? But it's degrad- ing to live in it out of work. There's thousands would be glad to leave it and never see its black face again if they could get work in the country." Dark Person.-" in village settlements, of course ? But why not rough it in the usual way like men ? Why sell your manhood for a mess of pauper pottage ?" Gaunt Man.-" Hold hard now, Jones ; you've bolted again." Dark Person.-" The working man 'ill never regain his manliness till he gives up his vote. So long as he's got a vote he'll be the majority, and the Govern- ment that wants his vote will pauperise him and degrade him to be kept in power. Take my advice, and hump your swags and sheer clear of village settlements." These very remarkable sentiments would have generated what Dickens termed "a warmth" in any other precinct of the Trades hall but in room number seven they were treated as the contribution of a Friend in Council and they excited no other com ment than "Jones's off again." A chairman having been elected a short discussion took place concerning, the present conditions and future prospects of the Vic torian Co-operative Society From what is said the society is still in the day of small things and has not made that pro gress which it deserves Every age has its problem set before it-and the Sphinx is always saying "Solve it or perish." We all know that there are antinomies in theology which try the souls of the orthodox. They are as old as the Book of Job and are presented in such guise as this- "Man is free, yet man's lot is appointed before he is born. Salvation is not of works but of Faith; yet Faith without works cannot save." In economics the antinomy which we are trying to harmonise in vain is this— "Freedom of contract and unrestricted com- petition are a just revolt against tyranny, yet freedom of contract tends to reduce wages through unrestricted competition." The Friends in Council will have nothing to do with the communistic way out of the difficulty. To them the communist is what he was described 50 years ago in the Corn Law Rhymes :— "What is a Communist? One who has yearnings For equal division of unequal earnings; Bungler or Idler or both he is willing To put down his penny and pocket your shilling." But they believe, with the good pagan Emperor Marcus Aurelius, that "we are made for co-operation as feet are, as hands, as eyelids, as the rows of lower and upper teeth ' They think that only thus can our Sphinx problem be solved, and when the Rev Mr Tucker rises to speak about the village settlements every eye is fixed on him, and every ear is attent Every bump in Mr Tuckers head, every glance of his kindly eye and the sympathetic tones of his voice proclaim his benevolence, and the Friends cheer him when he avows that he is ' saturated with the great prin ciple of co-operation He is an innovator, 'tis true, but only such an one as is to be seen in number seven room. In no other precinct could such sentiments as these be heard - " Some, because there are terrible wrongs to be righted, would sweep everything away, and involve society in primeval chaos Ah ! It takes a long time to grow a tree You can grow a cabbage in a Bhort time, but not an oak (Cheers ) There are oaks in Kent which were growing m the dajs of the longhaired brown men, our ancestors I knew such an one in Kent to which I would take my hat off It has stood there for hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of years. It is older than most of our old minsters (Cheers.) The oak takes a long time to grow, and so do the institutions of society If it has taken 2,000 years to shake a certain system there must have been virtue in it, and it should not be chopped down in a moment The rev gentleman tells us of the achieve ments of co-operation in England, on the Continent and in America and gives examples where it has succeeded not only in distribution but in production He cannot, unfortunately, say much about his village settlements, for the reason that they are as yet merely chickens who have barely chipped the egg But he ia very hopeful and confident that he will return "bringing his sheaves." in the iulness of time. " I am very con- fident," he says, "as to the result of our efforts to establish men together in co- operative settlements in the country. Of course we have found men who do not count the cost. You must iace difficul- ties, be prepared to take risks, mark you, and face hardships. (Hear, hear.) There are men who think that they have been brought together to play, and to play at work, and if they don't get just what they want complain bitterly. Whatever happens to the tram their potatoes must arrive up to time, and if the train doesn't bring down their ton of flour they refuse to be comforted. Yes, you must endure hardships if you want to fight for your own hands." Mr. Tucker did not express Burprise nt finding such men in the settle- ments, for he knows that such have been the bane of co-operative societies every- where. Did not an earnest member of the "Trumbull Phalanx," in America, feel con- strained to confess, more in sorrow than in anger, that, " Men came with the idea that they could live in idleness at the expense of the purchasers of the estate, and their ideas were practically carried out, while others came with a good heart," The same testimony is given about the Sylvanus Asso- ciation. " Idle and greedy people find their way into such attempts, and soon show forth their character by burdening others with too much labour, and in times of scarcity supply- ing themselves with more than their allow- ance o£ various necessuries instead of taking less." The Friends are grateful to Mr. Tucker for his interesting and suggestive address, and the room rings with applause when he concludes with, " I hope that the result of our experiments will be that the clouds have been parted a little ; that a little bit of light will have come from the chink that has been made, and that true, intelli- gent,'brotherly co-operation will have been shown to be possible." - The Friend who moves a vote of thanks to Mr. Tucker is hazy in his views, and wavers between the village settlements and Bellamy's Looking Backward. He distinctly favours communistic ideas, and the other Friends look upon him sadly as he invites us to " organise your labour, organise your houses, your amusements, your theatres on a common basis." Not until after patient efforts to master their hidden meaning did they finally give up passages like these as in serutable :-"For co-operation to be successful both buyer and seller must have the same privilege. If 6d. is gained on the one side, 6d. must be got on the other side. . . . Take flannel, which costs 8d. a yard in the manufactory. Put in a broad light it costs the retailer 12 per cent, to pay assistants, and you will therefore see that that 8d. mcuns 9Jd. The tnidesnmn that wants to out the price of , things will pick it up, say at a bankrupt sale at 8d. a yard, and his next door neighbour charges Aid. The man who wants to buy sees this, and he noturally sn)s, "I'm not going to Brown's any more. I get it from Jones at 8d." " You never con siderwhere that man gets the startfrom-how he gets it. You know there was a grocer selling brooms at Od. who was cut out by another who sold them at 4d. How do you do it?" said the sixpenny man. "Oh, I don't intend to pay for mine," was the answer. (Laughter.) The keen-eyed Yorkshire operative who addresses us from the platform is a speaker of a different calibre. He has a practical grip of the subject of co- operation from his experiences in Oldham and Roch- dale, and he dwell, with pride on its marvellous developments in the old country. From his address the follow- ing passages have been selected, and will repay perusal :-" Many of our brothers point to the time when we shall have a great social revolution—a grand ideal ! But the individual revolution must come before there can come the collective revolution. If they will persist in ignoring the great claims of co-operation, and wait for something to come from the clouds, they are like the Pro- jectors of Lapula, whom Swift satirised. (Laughter.) . . . In Melbourne you have a place of business for every four families, ' and in Oldham one for every 400. That is why in Oldham you can cultivate the spirit of brotherhood, and at the same time get Is. 3d. worth foryonr shilling. (Cheers.) . . . The social benefits in Oldham were as con- spicuous us tliey were economical. The periodical congresses were educational, and the women's guilds which had been formed had this effect—the women have left off tittle tattle (Laughter ) I know men can tittle tattle too (Renewed laughter ) These women are striving and imbuing their children not only with the desire for a better living, but for a better and higher life. . . . The man who is a true co- operationist acts while the Projectors speak He will have the fjory of knowing that he is not merely striving to help himself, but by helping himself he is helping his nughbour Show a man how he can save 3s in the £ by co- operation and succeed in interesting him, an you will have begun to rouse his spirit of brotherhood to a new, a higher and a better order (Loud cheers ) The old gentleman who brings the discus sion to a close describes the co- operative store in Williamstown with which he is connected It has been very successful and its yearlv turnover now amounts to 7½ times the paid up capital. He concludes by inviting all present to come together with the old Christian motto , "Help us to help each other Lord ! Each others cares to bear." The world will not be reformed right off by what has taken place in room number 7 to night but the debate is for all that one of those that make for reform It is inor than can be affirmed of the Powwow men in the council room who are going to make rain when the glass marks set fair and cause water to run up stream by passing the neces- sary resolution Cooperation it has been said," the child of socialism is destined to beget at no very remote date a healthy socialism as superior to itself in all its best attributes as itself is to its parent The Friends in Council may be pardoned there fore for feeling that they have not been spending a fruitless evening Perhaps the co- operationist demands too much from his theory and especially when he expects it to immediately change human nature and make the ignoble worthy and the lazy man indus trious We who do not share his views may smile at his enthusiasm but let us not grudge him the hopeful spirit which enables him to say— "I perceive on the height Eastward not now very far A song too loud for the lark A light too strong for a star" 