, : The -plain statement w&cH; fbrms/ttie title of this -essay is anuncommonty goodsay ing-^that is, a troth beyond the| common ran of troths; btrt~it'has.l>fefeb! • sadly perverted.';• It' Ujeaijs ' really' ho more than it says,; that the commqn| affection is -which it is required not only1 that a religious but a Wise man should hhtd-all life Itfietbren/ tabes root and fygiAa ht.home, ifl'hisbWft'bome. It is tantam ounfto saying that a man] who is hot good at liomfe is Bdflom good elsewhere. Few will doubt it When: expressed in this way ; bat-Writer all the troth and goodness of the sayingalmost all men peirert it and applyitselfishly. Let hs instance one common applica tion. "Will yon help widow JackBori ?*'■ asks the clergyman of a parishioner noted for hisineanneBS. "Well, sir/' is; the answer, " there is a good old-saying,; * Help yourself mid God will help yon '; and I have enough to do to help myself / besides, there.is another saying, 'Charily begins at home.' I think I mast refuse." This one thing is certain—that it charity , is confined to home it is a good thing spoiled. K it once begins in shy man's bosom it does not long stay there; for we in ay as well try to confine the lightning, or any volatile gas, or a perfume, which, being liberated, will give a pleasant Odor to the whole < house, as to confine charity. Once let it begin -and it will increase. Bat the meaning' of most of those stingy fellows who quote the proverb is that they would save the lightning and' cat it up into rushlights; that they would tie down and confine the gas and pot the tightest of corks into the bottle of sweet scent. That is not our reading, although we want to treat of charity as beginning at home and to insist upon more affection, more courtesy, more politeness, and more attention to the feelings of others being paid in a man's own house and his castle. It is a very narrow house and a very small castle , if it has not charity in it. Bat -with it home is: indeed home, a cottage is better than a palace. Without it, again, how mauy: a splendid house is but a miserable brawling-place; how many a beautiful form assumes a mean bearing; how many a noble brow is furrowed with angry lines, and instead of growing like to an angel grows much more like a devil! And what is charity ? There are so many definitions' given of this word, so many and so beautiful, thjat we could fill this paper with them easily and perhaps wisely. Charity is simply love, Christian love; Without charity we want everything ; we are but " sound ing brass and tinkling cymbal," sa St. Paul. " Charity," he continues, " suffereth long and is kind ; charity envieth not; cfiarrty vauntem not nseii, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil; re joiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth ; beiareth all things, hopeth all things, ettdureth all things." And, in further definition of this virtue, which Johnson tells us means (1) tenderness, kindness, love, (2) goodwill, benevolence, a disposition to think well of others, and; (3) the theological virtue of universal love, the. Doctor quotes A noble, passage from - the judicious Hooker :—" The final object of charily is that incompre hensible beauty which shineth in the countenance of Christ, the son of the living God." So that here we have the virtue exalted into a divinity, or proof of divinity, - since true Charity of the moBt exalted kind makes beautiful with divine add everlasting love the face of the Saviour. It is well, then, that it should begin at home. But dons it always do so ? Is it not too often absent entirely from our homes ? Do we .not try to worry each other, to he pleasant only in company ? Do we always forbear and speak kindly ? Are not We men often " blown " at home with the ireful pride' of mastery ? Are not women full of a railing spirit, of a stupid obstructiveness, of a method of harrowing their husbands and their ser vants 7 Do we all lite toother in peace? Beautiful indeed is the sight- of a united and happy family; delightful is it to see brethren living together in unity! Wonderful is the strength of that home love, and, alas! wonderfully rarelyis it to be met with. Moist houses have a Bine chamber ; and, in ninety-lone cases out of eveiy hundred, if this chamber were opened the skeletons in: it would be merely the dried mummies of angry tongues, the ghosts of hot, foolish con tentions, the remains of " laBt" words in dispntes of no moment, and the terribly decayed body of a contentious disposition, -which, being determined not to rest itselJj wohld let ho one else rest. Sad folly! Great want of ordinaiy common-sense and patient wisdom ; and the result, alas i how terrible I Gf fault-finding, of which a very little charity wouid cure any couple or in dividual, men perhaps, from their nature and position, take the largestsbare ; for a man chiefly speaks from impulse and says that which " is uppermost" merely because he thinks it'and feels it. 'If he loved truly before marriage' he may have formed -an ideal of married happiness which he does not get. -He. may have Hpptr—ft- iromah always neat, elegant, ready to^mSst~Nan)d6reet him with a smile, one whose veiymnpginess seemed to hang upon his own. He'marries that woman, and he finds her very different from his ideal.' He perceives a thousand foibles which be had not seed before. The face which was once dressed with smiles to receive him becomes clouded at his approach. The young lady has mistaken her vocation ; mar riage, she finds, is a hard lot and brings its dnties as well as its pleasures. There is a constant strain upon her mind for supervision, for activity, for determination, for making up her inmd. Instead of being done for she has to do; instead of being always waited upon she has to wait/' She was a very charming mistress to court and love ; she fails.as a wife. And the husband of shell a one, is he not to be pitied ? It is plain that he has not got all that he bargained for. As the old, old saying is, he married for better' ot worsen and-^She-vesnlt is-" all worse and nb better/' TRie yefj. sense of beauty, propriety, nckthbSB^; atfS fit ness which mMb hSm1 admire ahdlove the girl, that yri^feilove of elegant and good manBgeifl^lronstmake. hinx-hate what is fie sees a dcB^de^ctEr/amSF^s annoyed a hnndi^ tiinea^i^i^day^ What is he to do ? He mt^ te o^aisi^deAiii his bnsiness or hiCoffice^^^dsthia' his partaerraihervriftSf^-1ffi^r"bbligesiiim. He speaks t»'hetand;jd^ids.vrith her, faultfinding. ;$h^an^^rSalnnit in sUeiige ; she may alrohp 'aBd '^e ^ tor she may torn tb and' iScOlSy firmly pGfsfiaded that because sheryrished'to do-right she did right, and'ibftt-liei" t&ffojind; and not she Isto'hlune. - i It (is vlatcihis; joattnrcL this one,' | among many othenF^that charity should1 b^n at hdnije, 3he manwho, we take1 rt, is . cti bottom* just .and igenefbns should mjakealldwance for artrife. edd-r bated foi- out jifeisssnt mattimpHial UMufcet^ho Juirdty-knowB Jhatwdmeh 'Aty bom to be. mothers f that men want itcleatj drinK, and be clothed, and really dune downright animal passions which, if suppressed or improperly directed, will 'break op tny family andhnrrypeople on to any. or! eiriety prime. Charity; to a woman's veakness, honor to her but 4s the weakej vessel, 4ore for her simplicity, tendemeB% gentleness, and patience will bonBfi^ja Tety hicoippetent wife to a veiy goodjone. 'Mantis, in the eyes of woman/ 4 very selfish animal; in his own eyekjhe is merely one who' has to do certaihiwdrh and expeets certain food and natntal .comforts. .One does not -call a steam-engine selfish because it will not Wve without its' quantum of coals. Bjit some women constantly call their httsjiands selfish because, earning all, they 'desirt jft part, and that part; often not/a third of the comforts a selfish bachelor requires'. If a man lived, a: Cbristiin life he would pat up with many (things, hut we do not live Christian fives ; knd true also is it that the more fife puts'ujp with the more caW lessnesB he would have to endure. Woman's faults- ere in the head, not in the heart,; andlji nmn who is wise will pardon and charitablj and firndycorrect the first, perfectly sure,ifhed6es bo, of -reaping a rich harvest from the last. And one thing is ciertain—that charity must be introduced into the -family, or that family will he split hp into the most miserable of domestic shams, polite when strangers are present and wrangling and contentious when by themselves. How these contentions "loosen the very foundations of lore, and abont what miserable, worthless things do they not commonly begin! A smoked cap of tea, a shirt button, a waste of coal or 6oap, a dirty or a frayed collar." Oh, what little people we are! How few of us try to govern our tempers and to live, not like the saints, sanctified or holy ones, but as good heathen people. And fori such—for " this miserable sort of trash j very good, very generous, and very! religious people- will sometimes waste and throw away by double handfdls the very thing for which houses are built, and coals burned, and, all the para phernalia of a home established-—their happiness" i Of this miserable, contentions state of things—this difty, foggy, drizzle of foolish words—cjharity is the real cure. It is the best ana the only one. When charity has once-begun at home let as extend it to all in the home. The servants especially want it ; how should we like our own i little girls scolded for every fault, and, brought from a lower to a higher sphere amidst things of which they know notliirijg, troubled and worried for their stupidity. Mr. Raskin treats his servants especially with a ceremonious cordiality, and every, gentleman will thank the servant who opens the door to or performs any office for him. Brothers and sisters, particularly when they are big boys and girls, need a great deal of this charity. Petted so long as they are young and pretty ; often beaten, abused, and neglected, when they grow out of the magic circle of their childhood, early youth is to , them a season of misery and trial'and often sours the very wine of life and turns a sweet mind into a bitter, brooding one. Firmness, principle, determination, and a mind to perceive, and a will to govern, will co-exist with the sweetest charity. Yonth is proverbially awkward; tbe very voice of a hoy and the figure and complexion of a girl are changeable and unmanageable. The young trees want training; the vigorous shoots something to cling to and to be bound by ; but, most of all, they require love and gentle ness in the operation : gentleness which mil prevent the tender buds from being broken off, and leve which shall train -them sweetly and guide them in the true way. All this father and mother can and will furnish if they once determiue on the. true reading that "Charity begins at Home." 