IS ADA THE LILY. By a RIDER HAGGAED. CoptBiGHT, 1S91, By a Eider Haggard. (Alt BIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER XIX. (Continued.) Now toe voice came umiw, «««» In the ehadow there was a faint glow of light like the glow that gathers on the Si-days' dead. Slowly it drew nearer, through the shadow, and as it came I saw that the shape of the light was the shape of a woman. Now I could see it well, and I knew tbe face or giory. my father, it was the face of the Inkosazaua- y-Zulu, the Queen of Heaven ! She came towards us very slowly, gliding down the gulf that was full of dead, and the path she trod was paved with the dead ; and as she came it seemed to me that ehadows rose from the dead, follow ing her, Hie Queen of the Dead — : thousands upon thousands of them. , And, ah ! her glory, my father — the glory of her hair of molten gold — of her eyes, that were as Hie noonday sky — the flash of her arms and breast, that were like the driven snow, touched with the splendour of sunset. Her beauty was awfol to look on, but I am glad to ! hare lived to see it as it shone and changed in one snircing giow oi ugnc which Is her garment. Now ahe drew near to us, and Chaka sink npon the earth, huddled up in fear, hiding his face in his hands; but I was not afraid, my father — only the wicked need fear to look on the Qaeen of Heaven. Nay, I was not afraid : I stood upright and gazed npon her glory face to face. In her hand she held a little spear h&fted; with the royal wood : it was the shadow of the spear that Cbaka held io bis hand, the same with which he had slain his mother and wherewith he should himself be slain. Now she ceased her ringing, and stood before the crouchiog klDg and before me, who was behind the Mag, so that the light of her glory shone upon us. She lifted tbe little spear, and with it touched Chaka, son of Senzangacona, on the brow, giving him to doom. Then she spoke ; but, though Chaka felt the touch, he did not hear the words, that were for my ears 1 Mopo, son of Makedama,' said the low voice, 'stay thy baud, tbe cup of 3haka is not full. When, for the third Jme, thou seest me riding down the itorm, then smite, Mopo, my child.' Thus she spoke, and a cloud swept icross the face of the moon. When it tassed she was gone, and once more I ras alone with Chaka, with the night nd the dead. Chaka looked np, and his face was rey with the sweat of fear. ' Who was this, Mopo V he said, in a ioIIow voice. 'This was tbe Inkosazana of the leavens, she who watches ever over tbe people of our race, O Kiog, and who from time to time is seen of men ere great things shall befall.' 'I have heard speak of this queen,' aid Chaka. 'Wherefore came she sot, what was the song she sang, and vhf did she touch me with a spear V 'She came, O KiDg, because the dead hand of Baleka summoned her, as thou sawest. The song she sang wasof things too high for me ; and why she touched tbee on the forehead with the spear I do not know, O King ! Perchance it was to crown the chief of a sHll greater realm.' 'Tea, perchance to crown me chief of s realm of death.' ' That thou art already, Black One,' I answered, glancing at the eilent multitude before ns and the cold shape of Baleka. Again Chaka shuddered. ' Come, j let ns be going, Mopo,' he said ; ' now I have learnt what it Is to be afraid.' 'Early or late, Fear is a guest that all must feast, even kings, O Earth- Shaker !' I answered ; and we turned and went homeward in silence. Now, after this night Cbaka gave it out that his kraal of Gibamaxegu was bewitched, and bewitched was the land of the Zulus, because he might sleep no more in peace, but woke ever crying ont with fear, and muttering the name of Bileka. Therefore, in the end he moved his kraal far away, and bnilt the great town of Dogoza here in Natal. Look now, my father! There on the plain far away is a place of the white men— it is called stranger. There, where is the wbite man's town, stood Hie great kraal Dogoza. 1 cannot see, for my eyes are dark ; but you can see. Where the gate of the kraal was bnllt there is a bonse ; it is the place where the white man gives out justice ; that is the place of the gate of the kraal, through which justice never walked. Behind is an other bonse, where the white men who have sinned against Him pray to the Xing of Heaven for forgiveness ; there on that spot have I seen many s one who had dooe no wrong pray to a king of men for mercy, hut I never saw but one who found it. On! the words of Chaka have come trne ;. I will tell them to yon presently, my father. The -white omn holds the land, he goes to and fro boous nis cosiness of peace wnere linpis ran forth to kill; his children . laugh sod gather flowers where men' died in'- hundreds ; they bathe in -tbe waters of the Imbozamo, where once the crocodiles Were fed daily with human flesh; 'Ms young men woo the maidens where other maids have Mised the assegai. It is (hanged, nothing is the same, and pf tSiaka are left only a gravo yonder arid ftnftine of fear. . Now, after Chaka had coine to the . Duguza kraal, for a vhile he ' eat quiet, ««i the old thirst ofblood came oniiira, and he sent his irnpit sgainBt the people of the Pondos, and faey destroyed .that people, and brought back their cattle, hut the warriors might not rest ; again they were doctored for war, and Bent out by tens of thoisands to - conquer ootyangana, chief ofthe people who live. \- h of the Limpopo. The were sing-- king had looked npon them w , ,.en thBm "Hum victorious or h. Their number was so great £T.the honr of dawn till the sun Mhigh In the heavens they passed -Hie, gates of the kraal like countless -herds T?ey ths onoooqaered. little know Hurt victory . smiled on ®o naose ; that they mnatflie. by Rwanda of hunger andnf feverin Hie jSffiela l Eimpopo/andthat those wko returned should come with their shields in their 'bellies, ' having devoured their shields becanBe of their ravenoushungeri But what of them'? "Dieywere riuthing. Dust was His name of one of the great regiments that went opt against Sotyangana, and dost they were— dust to be driven to death by the breath |of Chaka, Tdon of the Zulu. I Now few men remained In the kraal Dnguza, for nearly all had gone with the lmpi, and only women and aged people were left.; .Dingaan and Umhlangana, brothers of the king, were there, for Ohaka wpuld not suffer them to depart, fearing lest they sbonld plot against hlmj and he looked on them always with an angry eye, so that they trembled for their lives; though they dared not show their .fear lestfate should follow fear. Hit X guessed it, and like a snake I wound myself into their secrets, and we talked together darkly and in hints. Bnt of that' presently, my father, for I mast tell of the coming ' of Masilo, he wonld have wed Zinita, and whom Umslopogaas the Slaughterer had driven ontfrom the kraals of the People of the Axe. Tt was on the day after the imp! had left that Masilo came to the kraal Dogoza, craving leave tospeak with the king. Chaka sat before hie hut, and with, him were Dingaan andUmhlangana, his royal brothers. - I was there also, and certain of the indnnas, counsellors ofthe" king. .. Chaka was weary that morning, for hfl find filprif. ill as nniv ha filtpovfl Therefore, -when one told him that a certain wanderer named Masilo "would speak with him, he did not command that the maa should be killed, bat bade them bring him before him. Presently there was a sound of praising, and I saw a fat man, much worn with travel, who crawled through the dust towards us giving.the sibonga, naming the king by his royal names. Chaka bade him cease from praising and tell hie badness. Then the man sat up and told all the tale which you have heard, my father, of how a young man, great and strong, came to the place of Hie People of the Axe and coonquered Jikiza, the holder of the axe, and became chief of that people, and of how he had taken the cattle of Masilo and driven him way. Now, Chaka knew nothing of this People at the Axe, for the land was great in those days, my father, and there were many little tribes in it, living far away, of whom the kiog bad not even beard ; so he questioned Masilo about them, and of the number of their fighting-men, of their wealth in cattle, of the name of the young man who ruled them, and especially as to the tribute which they paid to the king. Masilo answered, saying that the number of their fighting-men was per haps the half of a fall regiment, that their cattle were many, for they were rich, that they paid no tribute, and that the name of tbe young man was Bulalio the Slaughter — at the least, he was known by that name, and he had heard no other. Then the king grew wrath. ' Arise, Masilo,' he said, ' and run to this people, and speak in the ear of the people, and of him who is named the Slaughterer, saying : There is another Slaughterer, who sits in a kraal that is named Dngnza, and this is his word to you, O People of the Axe, and to tbee, thou who holdest the axe. Eise up with all the people, and with all the cattle of your people, and come before him who sits in the kraal Duguza, and lay in his hands the great axe Groan-Maker. Eise up swiftly and do this bidding, lest ye sit down shortly and for the last time of all.' Masilo heard, and said it should be so, though the way was far, and he feared greatly to appear before him who was called the Slaughterer, and who sat twenty days' journey to the north, beneath tbe shadow the Witch Moun tain. ' Begone,' said the king, ' and stand -before me on the thirtieth day from now with the answer of this boy with an axe! It thou staudest not before me, then some shall come to seek thee pod the b y with an axe also.' So Masilo torqed and flew swifUy to do the bidding of the Mug, and Chaka spoke no more of that matter. But I wondered in my heart who this young man with an axe might be.; for I thought that he had dwelt with Jikiza and with the sons of Jikiza as Umslopo- gaas wonld have dwelt with them had he come to the years of his manhood. Bat I.aiso said nothing of the matter, "Now, "on -this day also there came to me news that my wife Macropha and my daughter Nada were dead among their people in Swaziland. It was said that the men ofthe chief of the Halakazi tribe had fallen on their kraal .and pat all jin it to-the assegai, iand among them Macropha and Nada. I heard the news, but I wept no tear, for, my father, I wae so lost in sorrows that nothing -obnld'move me anymore/- ' - 1 " -- CHAPTER XX. mopo bargains with the princes. Eight-and-twenty days went by, m father, and on. the nme-and-twentietl it befell that Chaka.hiying dreamed i dream in jus troubled sleep, summonei before him several women of the kraal -to the number pf . seveoty-aod-three Some of these were bis women,- whon he named his "sisters," and some were all were young ana lair. Now, what this dresm of Dhaka's may have been I do n.ot know, or have . forgotten,, for in those days ne dreamed many dreams, and all%is dreamt1 led th one end, the the left of "him weregathered the girls and womenand their knees vfore weak -with fear. Qnefiyone they -were led before him, -and/stood .before him " with bowed heads Then he wduld tell them to be of gohfl chBer, and speak softly to them.ahdih fori rind would ask tb em this question S Haatfoprii "my sister, a cat in thy hut ? Now,«>me woidd sayjHiat they had a rat, and some would say fhat thfey fear. Bnt whatever fhey said, Hie end. was the samei for Hie king' swonld nigh gently and say, 'JFare thee well, my sister; it isWforthhate for thee that there, is, a catinthyhut,' or/jthat there is mo catln tliyibat,':or ,f,foatthou canst not tell me whether there ,7beu - cat iln ihy'hut flr 'iio? '? '/" : Then fhe jwbmaj would/be taken by the players, dragged without theJkra), j'&dOTrirfciiil; it'Went on I 33ie Zulus are buried sitting.— Ed. > for the most part of that day, till slxty- and-two women had been slaughtered. But at last a maiden was brought before Hie king, and to this one her snake had; given a ready wit ; fat- when Chaka asked her whether or no there-was a cat; in her hut, she- answered, saying that, she did not know, ' but that there was half a cat npon her,' and ehe pointed to a cat'e-skln which was bound ' about her loins. Thou the king laughed, and clapping his hands, saying that at length his dream was answered; and he killed no more that day nor ever again — save once only. That evening my heart was heavy within me, and I cried in my heart 'How long? — nor might I mat. So I wandered ont from the kraal that was named Duguza, to Hie great cleft In the mountains yonder, and sat down upon a rock high np in the cleft, so that X could see the wide lands rolling to the north and the eonth, to my right and to my left. Now, the day was drawing to wards the night and the air was very still, for the heat was great and a tem pest was gathering, -as I, who am a Heaven-Herd, knew welL Tie son sank redly, flooding the iand with blood ; it was as though all the blood that Chaka had shed flowed about the land which Chaka ruled. Then from the womb of 1 the night great shapes of cloud rose up 1 and stood before the sun,and he crowned them with his glory, and in their hearts 1 the lightning quivered like a bloodj'of fire. The shadow of their wings fell upon the mountain and the plains, and beneath their wings was silence. Slowly the sun sank, and the shapes o'f cloud gathered together like a host at the word of its captain, and the flicker of the lightening was as the flash of Hie spears of a host. I looked, and my heart grew afraid. Thelightningdied away, the silence deepened and deepened till I conld hear it, no leaf moved, no bird called, the world seemed dead — I alone lived in the dead world. Now, of a sadden, my father, a bright star fell from tbe height of heaven and lit upon the crest of the storm, and as it lit the storm burst. The grey air ehivered, a moan ran about the rocks and died away, then an icy breath burst from the lips of the tempest and rushed across the earth. It caught the falling star and drove it on toward me, a rnshing globe of fire, and as it came the star grew and took shape, and tbe shape it took was the shape of a woman. I knew her now, my father ; while she was yet far off I knew her — the Inkosazana who came as she had promised, riding down the storm. On she swept, borne forward -by the blast, and oh ! she was terrible to see, for her garment was the lightning, lightningsshone from her wide eyes and lightnings were in ber streaming hair, while in her hand was a spear of fire, and ehe shook it as she came. Now ehe was at the mouth of the pass ; before her was stillness, behind her beat the wings of the storm, the thnnder roared, the rain hissed like snakes ; she rushed on past me, and as she paseed she turned her awful eyes upon me, shrivelling me np. She was there ? she was gone ! but she spoke no word, only shook her flam ing spear. Yet it seemed to me that the storm apoke, that the rocks cried aloud, that the rain hissed out a word in my car, and tbe word wbb — ' Smite, Mopo !' I heard in my heart, or with my ears, what does it matter 1 Then I turned to look ; through the rush of the tempest and the reek of the rain, still I conld see her sweeping forward high in air. Now, the kraal Dugnza was beneath her feet, and the flamiug spear fell from her hand upon the kraal and fire leaped np in answer. Then she passed on over theedge ofthe world, seeking her own place. Thns, my father, for the third and last time did my eyes see the Inkosazana-v-Znlu, or mayhap my heart dreamed that I saw her. Soon I shall see her again, but it will not be here. For a while I sat there in the cleft, then I rose aud fought my way through the fary of the storm baek to the kaaal Duguza. As I drew near the kraal I heard cries of fear, coming throngh tbe roaring of the wind andthehissof the rain. I entered andaaked oneof the matter, and it was told me that fire from above had fallen on the hnt of the kiog as he lay sleeping, and all the roof of the hnt was burned away, but the rain-had put out \ the fire. ' Then I went on till I came to Hie ! front of the great hnt, and I saw by Hie ; light of the moon, which now shooe out 1 in the heaved, that there before it stood 1 Cbaka, shaMng with fear, and the water ' of the rain was running down him, while L he stared at the great but, of which all \- the thatch was burned away. ' I saluted the Mng, asking hiqi what evil thing had happened. Seeing me, he seized me by the arm, and clang to me as, when the players are at hand, a child clings to ilia father, drawing me J after him info a smril hnt thkt was i near. J - 1 a '.Spiat-evil thing has/befalleo, 1 King? I Magaio,SH«n light bad , been made. , Little have I knownpf fear, Mopo, said Chaka,' yetlom'aftaid , no w ; ay as much afraid as whearonce on a by gone night 'Hie dead ; hand, -bf.Baleka summoned pbinething that walked xipou the faces of ;the desd.', 'Arid wiif safest thou/HEing, who art" the lord ojFall the earth'? v .. '"j ..Now Chaka leaned forward iand whispered to me : 'Hearken, Mopo, I 'have . dreamed a dream. When the Haying of those witches was done, I went and laid me down to sleep 'awhile it was yet light, foff mayjicarceily sleep at all when darkness has swallowed up -the world. My sleep has gone from me —that skter of thine, Baleka, "took my sleep with Her to the place of death I' laid me dowii and I slept, but n dream arose and sat hy me "witha hpodedfaco, .and showed fnie «a jdctpre.. It .sgBinBd' to me Chat thewsll of myTuitlfeli down, and Xaaw an open place, and in the centre of Hie place X lay dead, covered with nauy- WDunda, while -round my corpse my /brothers -< Diogaan arid Umhlangan a stalked in pride Ekpftpna. "On the shoulders of "'Hmhlarigiuia was my royal kaross, aud there was blood on he kaross ; and in the ftandnif Dingaan was my royalapear, and there was blood npon the spear. Then, in the vision of my dream, Mopo, Hum idtdst draw near, and. lifting- thy v-hand, - didst wgive (he royal saloteof S&yeteto; these brothers of mine, and with thy foot didst spurn the carcase of me, thy Mng. Then the hooded Dream pointed upwards and was gone; and I awoke, and lo ! fire burned in the roof of my hnt Thus I dreamed," Mopo, and now, my servant, say thou, wherefore should I not slay thee, thou who wonldst serve other kings than I, thou who wonldst give my royal salute to the princes, my brothers f' and he glared npon me fiercely. ' As thou wilt, O King !' I answered gently. ' Doubtless thy dream was evil, and yet more evil was the omen of the fire that fell npon thy hat And yet ' and I ceased. 'And yet — Mopo, thou faithless servant? ' And yet, O King, it seems to me in my folly that it were well to strike the head of the snake and not its tail, for Withont the tail Hie head may live; bnt not the tall withont the head.' 'Thou wonldst say, Mopo, that if these princes die never canst thou or any other man give them the royal name. Do X hear aright, Mopo? '"Who am I that I should lift up my voice asking for the blood of princes ? I answered. 'Jridge thou, O King ? Now, Chaka brooded awhile, then he spoke : ' Say, Mopo, can it be done this night? 'There are hut few men in the kraal, O King. All are go oe out to war ; aud of tbosefew many are the servant! ofthe princes, and perhaps they might give blow for blow.' 'How then, Mopo ? ' Nay, I know not, O Kiog ; yet Bt Hie great kraal beyond the river sits the regiment which is named the Slayers. By midday to-morrow they ought be here, and then ' ' Thou epBakest wisely, my child Mopo ; it shail be for to-morrow. Go summon the regiment of the Slayers, and, Mopo, see, that thou fail me not.' 'If I fail thee, O King, then I fail myself, for it seems that my life hangs on this matter.' ' If all the words that ever passed thy lips are lies, yet is that word tru-, Mopo,' said Chaka : 'moreover, know this, my servant : if aught miscarries thou shalt die no common death. Be gone !' ' I hear the king,' I answered, and went ont.' Now, my father I knew well that Chaka had doomed me to die, thongh uiov uri »uuiu uoc iuc tu ucouujr tut princes. Bnt I feared nothing, for I kocw this also, that the hour of Cbaka was come at last. For a while I sat io my hut ponder ing, then when all men slept I arose and crept like a snake by many paths to the hut of Dingaan the prince, who awaited me on that night. Following the shadow of the hut, X came to the door and scratched upon it after a certain fashion. Presently it was opened, and I crawled in, and the door was shnt again. Now, there was a little light in the hnt, and by its flame I saw the two princes sitting side by side, wrapped about with blankets which hung before their brows. ' Who is this that comes ? said the Prince Dingaan. Tfaeu I lifted tbe blanket from my head so that they might see my face, aud they also drew tbe blankets from their brows. I spoke, saying : ' Hail to you, Princes, who to-morrow shall be dust ! Hail to you, sons of Senzangacona, who to-morrow shall be spirits !' aud I pointed towards them with my withered hand. Now the princess were troubled and shook with fear. ' What meanBt thou, thou dog, that tbou dost speak to us words of such ill- omen. ? said the Prince Dingaan in a low voice. ' Wherefore dost thou point at us with that white and withered hand .ofthiDe, Wizard? hissed the PriDce Umhlangana.' 'Have X-nnt-told you; O ye .Princes !' I whispered, ' that ye must strike or die, and has not your heart failed you ? Now hearken ! Chaka has dreamed another dream ; now it is Chaka who . strikes, and ye are already dead, ye children of Senzangacona.' ' ff the Slayers of the king be withont the gates, at least thon shalt die first, . thou who hast betrayed ns !' quoth the Prioce Dingaan, and drew an assegai from under bis kaross. 'First hear tbe .king's dream,. O Prince,' I said ; ' then, if thon wilt, kill me, and die. Cbaka the king slept and .dreamed that he lay dead, and that one of you, the princes, ' wore Mb royal karoes.' ' Who wore the royal kaross ? asked Dingaan, eagerly ; and both looked up, waiting on my words. 'The Prince Umhlangana wore iu — in the- dream - of Chaka — O Diogaan. shoot of a royal - stock!' 1 answered j slowly/ taking snuff, as. I spoke, and 1 .watching.the two of them over the edge of my.snuff-spbon. -Now Dingaan scowled heavily at i Umhlangana" ; but the face of Umhlan- i -gana was as the morning sky. / 'Qbaka Breamed .this also,'. I went I on : tfot We -of you, the princes, held I his royal spear.' , - . ' Whoheld thp royal spear P asked ' Umblaiteaus. - \- ' The Prince Dingaan held it— In the dream of Dhaka — U 'U mhiangana, sprung from' the foot of Mngs < — and it drippad-blood.' . -.r ;Now tbe face -of -'Umhlangana grew Bark as right,/, hnt that oLDingaan brightened like/Hie dawn,' ' ' Chaka dreamednthis. 'l80 : "that I,' Mopo, your ri'og; who am rifrt wbrtfcy to. be mentioned with stich. names, tomb np and gayethe /royal /salute,' eveOpjHie Bayrn. . \o r. - - : !. ' To whom didstHrou give VepBaele, O Mopo, Eoo of Madedama ? sbked 'both of Hie princess to witfi one breith, wait-, ipg ipri my wo'riiB. ' ' I gave it to both of you, O twin stars of the. morning, /princes of Hie Zulu— in the dream of Cbaka X gave it to both of yon.' Now the-princes loWedHiis way and that, and were silent, not knowing what to say, forthese princes hated each pfoer, though ad versity and fear had brought them to one bed. But what avails it to talk thus, ye lords of the land,' I went on, 'seeing that, both of ybujye rire already as dead men, and thAt vriltures which are hungry to-night, to-mbririw rihall be filled with flesh of Hie b'rotl / Dhaka the Mng i< nowa.Doctorof'.Droams, and to dear: away each a dream ais Hub he has a purging medicine.' Now the brows of these brothers grew black Indeed, for they saw that their fate was on them. 'These are Hie words of Chaka the Mng, O ye brills who lead the herd I All are doomed, ye twain and I, and many another man who loves us. Io the great kraal byond the river there sits a regiment ; it is summoned — and then — good-night ! Have yon any words to say to thoBB .yet left upon the earth ? Perhaps it will be given to me to live a little while after ye are gone, and X may bring them to their ears.' ' Can we not rise np now and fall npon Chaka ? asked Dingaan. ' ' It is not possible,' I said ; ' the Mng is guarded.' ' Hast thou no plan, Mopo S' groaned Umhlangana, ' Methioks thou hast a plan to save us.' 'And if I have a plan, ye Princes, what shall be my reward 1 : It muBt be great, for I am weary of life, and I will not use my wisdom for a little thing.' Now both the princes offered me good things, each of them promising more than the other, as two young men who are .rivals promise to Hie father of a -girl whom both would wed. I listened, saying always that it was not enoogh, till In the end both' of them swore by their heads, and by the bones of Senzangacona, their father, and by iriany other things, that I should be the first man in the land, if I wonld bnt ehow them a way to kill Chaka and become Mngs. Then, when they had done swearing, I spoke, weighing my words — 1 In the great kraal beyond the river, O ye Princes, there sit, not one regiment bnt two. One is named the Slayers and love Chaka the king, who has done well by them, giving them catUe and wives. The other is named the Bees, and that regiment is hnngry and longs for cattle and girls ; moreover, of that regiment the Prince Uohiangana is Hie general, SDd it loves him. Now, this is my plan — to summon the Bees in the name of Umhlangana, -Dot the Slayers in the name of Chaka. Bend forward, O Princes, that I may whisper in your ears.' So they bent forward, and T whispered awhile of the death of a Mng, and the sons of Senzangacona nodded their heads as one man in answer. Then I rose np, and crept from the hut as I had entered it, and rousing certain trusty messengers, I dispatched them, running swiftly throngh the night. CHAPTER XXL the death oe chaka. Now, on the morrow, two hoars before midday, Chaka came from the hut where he had sat through the night, and moved t i a little kraal surrouaded by a fence that was some fifty paces distant from the hut. For it was my duty, day by day, to choose that place where the king should sit to hear the counsel of his indunas, aud give judgmeut on those whom he wonld kill, and to-day I had chosen this place. Chaka went alone from his hut to the kraal, and, for my own reasons, I accompanied him, walk ing after him. As we went the Mng glanced back at me over his shoulder, and said in a low voice — ' Is all prepared, Mopo ? ' All is prepared, Black One,' I answered. ' The regiment of the Slayers will bs here by noon.' ' Where are the princes, Mopo V asked the king again. ' The princes sit with their wives in the houses of their women, O King,' I answered ; ' they drink beer and sleep in the laps of their wives.' Chaka smiled grimly, ' For the last time, Mopo !' ' For the last time, O King.' We came to the kraal, and Cbaka sat down io the ehade of the reed fence, upon an ox-hide that was frayed soft Near to him stood a girl holding a gourd of beer ; there were also present tbe old chief Xuguazonca, brother of Unandi, Mother of the Heavens, and the chief Unxamama, whom Cbaka loved. When we had sat a little while in the kraal, certain men came in bearing cranes' feathere, which the Mng had sent them to gather a month's journey from the kraal Dogoza, and they were admitted before the Mng. These men had been away long upon their errand, and Cbaka was angry with them. Now, the leader of the men was an old captain of Chaka'e, who had fonght under bim in many battles, but whose service was done, because his right hand had been shorn away by the blow of an sxe. He was a great man and very brave. Chaka asked the man why he had beep so long in finding the feathers, and he answered that the birds bad flown from that part of the country whither he was sent, and he mast wait there till they returned, that he might snare them. ' Thon shouldst have followed the cranes, thon disobedient dog !' said the Mng. ' I<et him be taken away, and all those who -were with him.' Now some of the men prayed a little for mercy, but the captain did but salnte the king, calling him ' Father,1 -and craving a boon before he died. 1 What wouldst thon? asked Chaka . ' My father,' said the man. ' I would ask thee two things. Ihave fonghtmany times at thy side in battle -wtiile'we boti ! were yourig ; por did I ever turn . mj lhal MtthAM llbA cam . fl 'l A l 1 A _ alaa illhABI uauiL upuu uiciue. lue uiuw uiavsuure. the handXrom off this arm %as aimed pt_ thy head; iO . King ; I -stayed' jt 'with' my naked arm. . , -It, is nothing ; at thy will" I live, and at thy will I die. Who am I that I should question the word of the Mng I Yet I -would ask : this, that thou 'wilt withdraw the kaross from about Hiee, 0 King, that for foe last time my eyre may feast themselves upon the body of him whom, above Hi men, X love. . /' Thou "art/- long-winded,' /jsald 'the king, ' iwhatjiripre l' 'This my -father, that I.may bid fare well to my son ; he is a little child, so highj OKing,5 -and he held his hand above, hisknee. 'Thy first -boon is granted,' said the Mng, slipping the kaross from Ma ehoolders and showing the great breast beneath. ' For Hie second, it shall be granted also, for I will not willingly' divide the father aud the son. Bring the boy here ; thou ehalt bid him fare well, then thon shalt slay him with thinri own hand ere thon thyself art slain ; It wili be good sport to see.' Now the main turned gray beneath foe blackness of his akin, and trembled a little as he murmured, ' The king's will isHieyrill otitis servant ;let the chiid be .brought' \- Bat-I looked at Chaka and saw that the tears were running flown his face; and that he only spoke thus to try the captain who loved Mm to the last. ' Let the mao go,' said the Mng; ' him and those with him,' 8o they went glad at heart and prais ing the Mug. I have told yon this, my father, thongh It has not to do with my story, because then, arid then only, did I ever see Chaka show mercy to one whom he had doomed to die. As the captain and his people left the gate of the kraal, it was spoken io the ear of the king that a man aonght audience of him. He was admitted crawling on his knees. I looked and saw that this was that Masilo whom Chaka had charged with a message to him who was named Bulalio, or the Slaughterer; and who ruled over the People of the Are. It was Masilo indeed, but he was no longer fat, for much travel had made him thin ; moreover, on his back were the marks of rods, as yet scarcely healed over. ' Who art thou ? said Chaka. ' I am Masilo, of the People of the Axe, to whom command was given to ran with a message to Bulalio the Slaughterer, their chief,and to return on the thirtieth day. Behold, O King, I have returned, though in a sorry plight!' ' It seems so !' said the Mngjaughing aloud. ' I remember now : speak on, Masilo the TMn, who wast Masilo the Fat ; what of this slaughterer I Does he come with his people to lay the axe Groan-maker iu my -hands ? ' Nay, O King, he comes not. He met me with scorn, and with scorn he drove me from his kraal. Moreover, as I went I was seized by the servants of Zinita, Bhe whom I wooed, but whom is now the wife of the Slaughterer, and laid on my face npon the ground and beaten crnelly while Zinita numbered the strokes.' ' Hah !' said the king. ' And what were the words of this puppy ?' 'These were his words, O King : " Bulalio the Slaughterer, who sits be neath the ehadowof the Witch Mountain, to Bnlalio the Slaughterer who sits iu the kraal Duguza — To thee I pay no tribute ; if thon wonldst have the axe Groan-Maker, come to the Ghost Mountain and take it. This I promise thee : thou shall look on a face thon knowest. for there is one there who wonld he avenged for the blood of a certain Mopo."' "N"nw. nrfiilfl M"aQi!n t-.nl/) thin talo T had seen two things — first, that a little piece of stick was thrust through th e straw of the fence, and, secondly, that the regiment of the Bees was clustering on the slope opposite to the Kraal in obedience to the summons I had sent them in the name of Umhlangana. The stick told me that tbe princes were hidden behind the fence waiting the signal, and the coming of the regiment, that it was time to do the deed. When Masilo had spoken Chaka spraog into a fury. His eyes rolled, his face worked, foam flew from his lips, for such words as these had never offended his ears sines he was king, and Masilo knew him little, else he had not dared to alter them. For a while he gasped, shaking his small spear, for at first he conld not speak. At length he found words — ' The dog,' he hissed, - the dog who dares thus to spit in my face ! Hear ken all ! As with my last breath I command that this Slaughterer be torn limb from limb, he and all his tribe ! And thon, thou darest to bring me this talk from a skunk of the mountains. And thou, too, Mopo, thy name is named in it. Well, of thee presenfly. Ho ! Umxamama, my servant, slay me this slave of a messenger, beat out his brains with thy stick. Swift ! swift !' Now, the old chief Umxamama sprang up to do the king's bidding, bnt he was feeble with age, and the end of it was that Masilo, being mad with fear, killed Umxamama, not Umxamama Masilo. Then Ingaazonca, brother of Unandi, Mother of the Heavens, fell upon Masilo and ended him, but was hart himself in so doing. Now Hooked at Chaka, who stood shaking the little red spear, and thought swiftly, for the honr bad come. ' Help !' I cried, ' one ie slaying the king !' Aslspoke tbereed fence buret asunder, aad through it plunged the princes Umhlanga and Dungaan, as bulls plunge through a brake. 'Then I pointed to Chaka with my withered hand, sayiog, ' Behold your king !' Now, from beneath the shelter of hie kaross, each Prince drew out a short stabbing spear, and plunged it into the body of Chaka the king. UmMagana smote Mm on the left shoulder, Dingaau 1 struck him in the right aide. Chaka dropped the little spear handled with 1 the red wood aod looked round, and so \- royally that the princes, his brothers, grew afraid and shrank away from him, Twice he looked on each ; then he > spoke, saying : 'What! do yon slay me, my brothers — dogs of mine own house, whom X have fed t Do you slay me, tMuking to possess the land and to rule . it ! I tell yon it shall not be for long. I hear a sound of running feet — the feel ' of a great white people. They ' shall I stamp you flat, children of my father ' o- -They shall rale the land that I have won aim yuu-auu.yuur. peupie ouaii uo luur Haves 1' Thus Chaka spoke while tbe blood ran down Mm to the/ground, arid again he looked on them royally, like a back : at hay. ' Make an end, O ye who would be kings !' I cried ; but their hearts had turned to ' water ' and they conld riot. Then I, Mopo,.' sprang forward and picked from the ground that little assegai handled with the royal wood — the same assegai with which Chaka had murdered Unandi, his mother, and Moosa, my son, and lifted it on high, and while I lifted it, my father, once, more, as when I was young, a red veil seemed to wave before my eyes. 'Wherefore wonldst thon kill me, Mopo ? said the Mng. ' For the sake of Baleka, my sister, to whom I swore the deed, and of all my kin,' X cried, and plunged the spear through Mm. He sank down .upon Hie tanned ox-hide, and lay there dying. Once more he spoke, and once only, saying: 'Would now that I . had hearkened to the voice of Nobela, whe 1 warned me ' against thee, thon dog! Then he was silent for ever. But 1 . knelt over Mm and called in Ms ear the nameB of all those of my blood who hat ; dlodathishands— thename of Makedama .my father, of my mother, of Anadi m; wife; of Moosa my eon, and all my other wives and children, and of Baleka my sister. His eyre and ears were open, and I think, my father, that he saw and understood ; I think also that the hate upon my face as I shook my withered hand before him was more fearful to him than the pain of death. At the last, he turned Ms head aside, shut his eyes, and groaned. Presently they opened again, and he was dead. ThuB then, my father, did Chaka the King, the greatest man who has ever lived in Znlnland, and the most evil, pass by my habd to those kraals of the Inkosanzana where no sleep is. Io blood he died as he had lived In blood, for the climber at last falls with the tree, and la the end the swimmer is borne away by Hie stream. Now he trod that path wMch had been beaten flat for him by the feet of people whom he had slaughtered, many as the blades of grass upon a mountain-aide ; but it is a lie to say, as some do, that he died a coward, praying for mercy. Chaka died as he had lived, a brave man. Ou ! my father, I know it, for these eyes saw it and this hand let outliia life. Now he was dead end the regiment of the Bees drew near, nor conld I know how they would take this matter, for, though the Prince Umhlangana was their general, yet ail the soldiers loved tbe Mng, because he had no equal in battle, and when he gave he gave with an open hand. I looked ronnd ; the princes stood like men amazed ; the girl had fled ; the chief Umxamama was dead at the hande of dead Maeiio ; and the old chief Ingaazonca, who had killed Masilo, stood by, hurt and wondering ; there was no others in the kraal. 'Awake, ye kings,' 1 cried to the brothers, ' the impi is at the gates ! Swift, now stab that man !' — and I pointed to the old chief — ' and leave the matter to my wit.' Then Dingaan roused himself, and springing npon Inguazonca, the brother of Unandi, smote him a great blow with Ms spear, so that he eauk down dead without a word. Then again the princes stood silent aud amazed. 'This one will tell no tales,' I cried, pointing to the fallen chief Now, a rumour ofthe slaying had got abroad among the women, who had heard cries and seen the flashing of spears above the fence, and from the the Bees, who advanced to the gates of the kraal singing. Then of a sudden they ceased their singing and rushed to wards the little kraal where we stood. Then I ran to meet tbem, uttering cries of woe, holding iQ my hand the little assegai of the king red with the kiDg'a blood, and spoke with the captain in the gate saying — ' Lament, ye captains and ye soldiers, weep and lament, for your father is no more ! He who nursed you is no more ! The king is dead ! Now earth and heaven will come together, for the king is dead!' ' How so, Mopo? cried the leader of the Bees. ' How is our father dead ? ' He is dead by the hand of a wicked wanderer named Masilo, who, when he was doomed to die by the king, snatched this assegai from the king's hand and stabbed him ; and afterwards, before he could be cut down himself by ns three, the princes and myself, he killed the chiefs luguazonca aud Umxamama also, Draw near and look on him who was the king ; it is the command of Dingaan and Umhlangana, the kings, that you draw near and look on him who was the king, that his death at the hand of Masilo may be told throngh all the land.' ' You are better at making of kings, Mopo, than at the saving of one who was your king from the stroke of a wanderer,' said tbe leader of the Bees, looking at me doubtfully. But his words paseed unheeded, for some of the captains went forward to look on the Great One who was dead, and eome, together with most of the soldiere, ran this way and that, crying in their fear that now the heavens and earth would come together, and the race of men would cease to be, because Chaka, the MDg, was dead. Now, my father, how ehould I, whose days are few, tell you of all the matters that happened after the death of Chaka 1 Were I to speak of them all they would . fill many books of the whits men, aud, perhaps, some of them are written down i there. For this reason it is, that I may : brief, I have only spoken of a few of , those events which befell in the reign of Cbaka ; for my tale ie not of tbe reign of Chaka, bnt of the lives of a handful of people who lived in those days, and i of whom I and Umslopogaas alone are i left alive — if, indeed, Umslopogaas, the sou of Chaka, is still living on the earth. Therefore in a few words I will pass . over all that came about after the fall of Chaka and HU I was sent down by Dingaan, the Mng, to summon him to surrender to the king who was called > the Slaughterer and who raled the People of the Axe. Ah ! would that I ; had known for certain that this was none | other than Umslopogaas, for then had | Diogaan gone the way that Chaka went and which Umhlangana followed, and . TTmalnnnmuui had raled the neonle of the Znlns as their Mng. But, alas ) my 'wisdom failed me.; I paid no .heed to the voice of my heart which told me' that this was Umslopogaas who sentthe messagie to -Chaka threatening vengeance for one Mopo, and I knew nothing till too late ; surely, I thought; tbe man spoke of -eo me other -Mopo. For thns, my father, does destiny make fools of ns men. We think that we can shape oar fate; bat it is fate that shapes ns, and nothing befalls except fate will it. AH things are s great pattern, my father, drawn by Hie hand of the Umkalonkula upon the cup whence he drinks the water of his ' wisdom ; and oar lives, and what we do, and what we do not do, are but a little bit of the pattern, which is so big that only the eye of Him who is above, the Umkulnn- . kola, can see it all. Even Chaka, the . slayer of men, and all those he slew, are i -bnt as a tiny grain of dust in the great ness of that pattern. How, then, can , we be wise, my father, who are bnt the I tools of wisdom J how can we build who , i are bnt pebbles in a walll how can we give life who are babies in the womb of L fate I or how can we slay who are hnt i spears In the hands of the slayer ! 1' Thus came abont, my father. Matters , were made 'sfraight iu Hie land after the . f death of Qhaka. At first people said that Masilo, the stranger, had etabbed the king; then it waa known that Mopo, the wise man, the doctor and body-servant of foe king, had slain the king, and that the two gTeat bulls; his brothers Umhlangana and Dingaan, children of Senzangacona, had also lifted spears against him. But he was dead, and earth and heaven had not come together, bo what did it matter ? More over, the two new kings promised to deal gently with the people, snd to lighten the heavy yoke of Chaka, and men io a bad case are always ready to hope for a better. So it came abont that the only enemies the princes found were each other and Engwade, the son of Unandi, Chaka's half-brother. But I, Mopo, who was now the first man in the iand after the Mngs; ceasing to be a doctor and becoming a general, went np against Engwade with the regiment of the Bees and the regiment of the Slayers and smote him in his kraala It was a hard fight, bnt in the end I destroyed him and all Ms people : Engwade killed eight men with his own hand before I slew Mm. Then I came back to Hie kraal with the few that were left alive of the two regiments. After that the two Mngs quarreled more and more, and X weighed them both in my balance, for I would know which was the most favourable to me. In the end I found that both feared me, but that Umhlangana would certainly put me to death if he gained the npper hand, whereas this was not yet in the ipind of Dingaan. So I pressed down the balance of Umhlangana aod raised that of Dingaan, sendingthe fears of UnMangana to aleep till I could cause his hut to be surrounded. Then Umhlaoeana followed npon the road of Chaka his brother, the road of the assegai ; and Dingaan raled alone for awhile. Such are the things that befall princes of this earth, my father. See, I am bnt a little man, and my lot is humble at the last, yet I have brought about the death of three of them, and of these two died by my band. It waa fourteen days after the passing away of the Prince Umhkngaua that the great army came back in a sorry plight from the marshes of the Limpopo, for half of them were left dead of fever and the might of the foe, and the rest were starving. It was well for them who yet lived that Chaka was no more, eke they had joined their brethren who wnro rl ea nn fhn aratr » cinr>a narnti Via . ..WAW " V 7 w. fore for many years had a Zulu impi returned unvictorious and without a single head of cattle. Thus it came abont that they were glad enough to welcome a kiog who spared their Jives, and thenceforth, till his fate found him, Dingaan reigned unquestioned. Now, Diugaau was a prince of the blood of Chaka indeed ; for, like Cbaka, he was great in presence and crnel at heart, but he had not the might and the mind of Cbaka. Moreover, he was treacherous and a liar, and these Chaka was not. Also, he loved women muoh, and spent with them the time that be should have given to matters of the State. Yet he reigned a while in the laud. I must tell this also ;that Dingaan wonld have killed Panda, his half- brother, so that the house of Senzanga cona, his father, might be swept out clean. Now, Panda was a man of gentle heart, who did not love war, aod there fore it was thought that he was half witted ; and, because I loved Panda, when the question of his elaying came on, L and the chief Mapita spoke against it, and pleaded for him, s tying that there was nothing to be feared at his handa who was a fooL So in the end Dingaan gave way, saying, Well, yon ask me to spare this dng and I will spare him, bnt one day he will bits me.' So Pauda was made governor of the king's cattle. Yet in the end the words of Dingaan came trne, for it was tbe grip of Panda's teeth that polled him from the throne ; only, if Panda was the dog that bit, I, Mopo, was the man who set him on the boat. (To he amtiuued.) 