THE ESCAPED PREMIER. At a banquet out West the other day Mr. Lynk i'olt called upon to give the country a. sort of defiant assurance that his nerc'riuatiii'' nolitical chief "would certainly do 110 harm " whilst at large amongst the nations. It was to some extent cointortiug to hear this, particularly from a man of such acknowledged re liability as the Minister for Works, than whom 110 member of the Cabinet is entitled to more implicit credence. A guarantee that the country is safo from any bill of damages on account of its escaped Premier would relieve the public mind of a load of anxiety, aud for that reason Mr. Lyne's assurance as far as it goes cannot have other than a salutary effect. But the question is how far does it go. What proof does he give that the mysterious "mission" of his chief to the antipodes will be certain to result harmlessly ? If he means that we may trust Mr. Dimis not to awkwardly upset the balance of power in Europe or rudely kick over the fabric of England's greatness and let New South Wales in for the damage, Mr. Lyne's implied oiler to stand bail for him docs not amount to much. The colony would be perfectly content to risk all that and put up with tho conse quence. What it would like the Minister for Works to say, while he is about it, is what precautionary measures the Cabinet adopted before the Premier's departure to prevent his making any rash pledges which, as a matter of honor, the people may bo called upon to reluctantly redeem. This thing lues been done beforo, and what the country would appreciate just now is proof of the certainty that it is not goiug to be done again. By recent cabjcs it is made appear that Mr. Dibus has started to arrange conferences upon colonial affairs as if he had been sent to Loudon on somo diplomatic mission which had the colony's deliberate approval and consent. This is altogctlier without warrant, and ill his desiro to convince peoplo that his chief will succeed in doing no harm Mr. Lyme should state why he needlessly exposes himself to the' danger of it. The colony has not called upon tho Premier to take any such chances on its behalf, and even if he comes off as luckily as Mr. Lynk ventures to hope,, it is difficult to see what there is to pay for tho risk. If the public knew what it was that the Cabinet relied upon its wandering leader to get through without damage they would he in a much better position to estimate what Mr. Lyxe's considerate assurauco is worth. It may be that when boasting about Mr. Dibbs' ability to keep from doing harm on his travels tho Minister for Works was trying to reassure himself as much as his hearers, like tho country bumpkin who wlustled while passing the churchyard to make believe that ho was not afraid of ghosts. " Who cares if the Premier has got loose ?" was the gist of his whole speech. Well, that is what lias yet to be seen, hut in the meantime the Minister for Works might be reminded of the homely philosophy of not halloaing until you are out of tho wood. Mr. If ill lis could hardly be expected to blunder very seriously as a passenger on an ocean liner, but now that he has got his feet on solid earth again and re gained his freedom of Premierial action the ease is different. About the first thing that he started to do on getting ashore was to ereuto what promises to develop into a thorough Cabinet muddle over the proposed intercolonial conference on the black labor question. The result will he to make an inevitable laughing stock of the colony ; and unless there is a most painful exhibition of political leek eating somewhere, the Ministry will have a difficult task to keep together. This is tho effect of trying to carry on tho Government with a dual Premiership while one leader is ignorant of what the other is doing. Mr. Bakton as Acting- Premier not only favors the Black Labor Conference, but on the colony's bclndf has accepted Mr. Playeokp's invitation to take part in it. Mr. Dibbs, on the other hand, as nominal Premier protests from the other side of the world against it, aud thereby goes back upon what tho Acting Premier lues done. It is a pretty pieklo indued for the Government to lind them selves iu, and how they are to get out with dignity is hard to see. Had Mr. Barton been a prudent " Acting-Premier" lie would havo taken no decided step in a matter of such importance until ho had time to ascertain Mr. Dibbs' views. Had he been a wise man he never would havo 'been an " Acting- Premier " at all. Had Mr. Dijbbs been a prudent Premier ho would have left it in nobody's power to commit tho Government behind his back to an extra- colonial policy. After having given another the right of pledging the Government for whoso policy he is responsible, however, a man of tho most rudimentary tact would have re- l'raiued from meddling in the dark with what his locum tenens was doing. If the Promier knew what the Cabinet had com mitted themselves to, his condemnation of the proposed conference amounts to a de liberate censure. If lie did not Iniow, his raudom shooting at it is as bad as political manslaughter. He told the country that ho was going abroad with a metaphorie gun, but declined to say what game ho was after. His lirst bang, however, has been quite in the face of his own colleagues. Mr. Lyne's boast about the sporting Premier's liarmlessneos was scarcely out of his mouth when this serious Cabinet trouble was precipitated. Superstitious people might imagine that in its terrible swiftness it was a judgment on him. In the matter of this conference, how ever, it happens that Mr. DrniiS has taken the correct view. We have already pointed out the hidden dangers of going into an intercolonial conference which amounts to an intercolonial conflict upon a vital Australian question with tho hauls of tho majority tied. The matter, embodying as it does a foreign policy, is one upon which the responsible head of the Government cannot, without denying all precedent and surrendering all dignity, allow himself to bo ignored. Ho lias now made it public that if the Govern ment goes into tln3 conference it will bo against his ideas of national policy. The situation, there fore, is nu unusually delicate one. The Ministry have taken it upon themselves to commit the country to a departure which their responsible head disapproves of. The question now is which will back down. In Cabinet-, of course, before action is taken a Premier may yield with grace to the secret pressure of his colleagues, and 110 one is any the wiser. But it is an al together unprecedented thing for a Premier to publicly protest against a new line of policy to winch the Government for whoso leadership he remains responsible havo committed themselves. However the matter ends, the colony's dignity must Buffer. To undertake to go into confer ence with the other colonies and then ask to be excused ou tho ground that it spoke before making up its mind would not be a dignified proceeding. Neither would it be for a Government to go into a conference which its responsible head was denouncing as a thing which the colony had no business identifying itself with. 