THE CAMBRIAN SOCIETY. From what was said at the last monthly meeting of the Cambrian Society, it seems probable that the Eisteddfod which is to be held in the Town Hall on the Prince of Wales's Birthday will be a very remarkable one. The choral competition should be especially so. Besides those from other quar- ters, some hundreds of voices are expected from the Newcastle district. Mr. Hector M'Lean and Signor Hazon are to be the musical judges, while Professor M'Callum is to act as literary j udge. It is of course to be hoped that the ghosts of none of the ancient Welsh bards or chroniclers will be "vexed" at the idea of contributions of a musical or literary kind in honor of their country being submitted to the decision of three such unmistakable outsiders - albeit accomplished ones-as Messrs. M'Lean, M'Callum, and Si. nor Hazon. However, as a sort of set off to these stranger names, that of the reader of a paper at the meeting in question, as well as the name of the hero with whom he dealt, may be noted. The reader was Mr. David Evans, and his subject was " Prince Llewellyn." The way in which the Welsh folk at home and abroad have kept up their national traditions and a knowledge of their ancient language is highly to their credit. That fact has certainly never |made them less desirable neighbors for anybody. By the way, one of the mistakes which Welshmen find com- monest among foreigners is that of imagining that the ancient Cymric tongue is harsh and uncouth. This they say is an absurdity as great as that which Russians allege to have been committed by the English satirist when he spoke of; A Russian, whose dissonant consonant name Almost rattles to piece3 the trumpet of fame. The Russian, like the Welsh, is said to be really a most euphonious and musical language. At a recent inquest held in Westminster a young woman only 2i years old confessed to being the mother ot eight children. Upon this fact the LUDGATE WEEKLY sarcastically remarked, "In a new, unsettled, and under-populated country like Britain, it is gratifying to learn that the national reputation for large families is being main- tained." For the especial behoof of our senior morning contemporary-alas, that it should be necessary to do so-we are constrained to quote a verse from Holv Writ. Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the mimi er of the beast, for it is the number of a man, and his number is six hundred three score and six.-KEV., xiii., ls. This quotation is rendered necessary by the fol- lowing observation made by our contemporary upon the rejection cf the Electric Lighting Bill : A curious feature about the division was the predomi- nance of the number of the 1 east. Tue result was entirely expressed in sevens, the i'jyt's jiy., " ayes :"J being seveu aud the noes 77. 