SPOKEN AT THE THRESHOLD. BEING THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN AMIABLE OLD MAN. CHAPTER VIII. The usual crowd of idlers was gathered on the wharf, and there was the usual bustle and hurry on board the Hero. Passengers and their friends were gathering on the deck ; ships' officers were shouting hoarsely in their nautical jargon ; seamen were hauling and passing ropes, and ever and anon the ship's whistle gave a hideous screech. Piles of luggage and cargo were being hurriedly shipped, and everybody, bar myself and some men who looked like soldier servants, but who I suppose were detectives, seemed far too busy to note anything beyond their own immediate business. There was a fresh wind blowing from the east, the sky was a mass of inky looking clouds, and there was an occasional murmur of distant thunder. The keen wind seemed to pierce me through as I stood shivering on the edge of the crowd. A continuous string of steerage passengers, men who looked like diggers, was pouring along the gangway, and amongst them was one to whom my attention was strongly drawn by the striking resemblance he bore to myself. Not that I looked in any way like a digger, but neither did he ; on the contrary, his appearance was what might be described as weakly respectable. In these two respects, that is to say, the weakness and the respectability, there was certainly no resemblance, otherwise it was great. Same height, complexion, colour of hair, form of features, clothes nearly the same cut and colour. My wavering resolution was at once formed. I would go to New Zealand in the Hero, and further, I would dispose of my double, who had preceded me on board, and would then impersonate him, or if that was not possible, would enlist the sympathy of the diggers by a trumped up story that I was his brother, and that he swindled me out of property. Acting upon this resolve I went on board just as dusk was falling and only a few moments before strangers were warned to leave the vessel. Making my way down into the crowded steerage, I at once crept, not into, but under, one of the bunks, and remained there until the steamer cast off and the bell for supper rang. The crowd of passengers were not yet sick, but were on the contrary hungry and excited, and some of them a little elevated, and they fell to at the provender with a sort of savage voracity that I had never seen before. Novel as the sight was, and disgusting as it would have been had I been less hungry, I would gladly have joined them had I dared, being faint from enforced fasting. Under cover of the uproar, I crept out of my concealment - I was nearly poisoned by the fetid odours of the place ; and made my way, unnoticed, on to the deck. A strong head wind was blowing, and the night was very dark. Cautiously working my way along the dock, and watching my chance, I concealed myself under a partlally folded sail that was thrown over a spar lashed to the port bulwarks, and there remained until I judged by the lurching of the steamer that she was outside the heads. When I emerged from my cover, the wind had dropped, but a short chopping sea was running and causing the ship to pitch rather badly, and a dense mist was everywhere. Cautiously making my way along the deck, I managed to get down to the foot of the companion ladder without being observed. All the occupants of the steerage - save only a little knot of card sharpers who were having a quiet game of eucre amongst themselves, and my double, who stood moodily in a corner by himself looking haggard and woe begone - was very seasick. Where I had placed myself under the ladder and in its shadow, I was under the circumstances as safe from observation as though I had been invisible. I gazed from my cover at the face of my weak looking second self, who was in the full glare of the steerage lamps, and observed the twitching of his tremulous lips, the hard drawn lines of the face, and the set expression of despairing resolve in the dull grey eyes. This man I reflected has either committed a crime or is about to commit one. Whichever it is, it evidently troubled him greatly ; so much the better for me, as he will not be a difficult customer to dispose of. Thus musing l watched this man's movements, having determined to murder him ; and the sin sat jauntily enough upon me, my only concern in connection with it being the difficulties involved in carrying out the project. From my shelter, I saw him go to his bunk and potter about in a nervous manner amongst his luggage, saw him look in a scared sort of way at several papers, which he afterwards replaced either in a portmanteau or in one of his pockets. Saw him wearily creeping towards the companion ladder and slowly up on deck. Cautiously I followed him, taking advantage of every point of shadow and every lurch of the steamer. Ever at his heels, always at a safe distance, I groped about behind him until he drew towards the place in which I had been concealed. it was on the lee side - and resting his arms upon the bulwarks, he seemed lost in thought. Stealthily I crept into my concealment and waited and watched. I was now within two feet of him, and drew my breath with caution for fear of attracting his attention. There was no need of this however, for the wash of the sea on the side of the ship made quite sufficient noise to smother any sound of that kind ; and, the occasional tongue of a wave, licking the vessel's side, would break over the bulwark, sending a shower of salt spray pattering loudly on the canvas, under which I lay, and drenching the forlorn watcher of the deep by my side. He stood heedless still kept watching, until his face became set with a hard grim look of determined despair. Then he looked around to see if he was observed. No man was there save myself to observe him ; the man at the wheel, in the light was difficult to distinguish through the mist, and the officer on the bridge, whose eyes were always directed either ahead or aloft could not possibly see him. Slowly he began to divest himself of his upper garments. Heavens ! He is about to save me from the crime of murder by destroying himself. The devil's luck in attendance again, surely. I must be one of his own. And then I asked myself, watching him doing this, gazing at him from my hiding place with strained eyes, why should a man who intending to do this thing, care for details like that ? Then like an inspiration, a sudden thought possessed me, and before I had given myself time to reflect, I spoke to him, saying in a hoarse whisper - Give me the clothes. The ghost of a ghastly smile flickered for a moment on his wan features as he looked down towards where the voice came from, and, as it seemed to me, took in the situation at a glance. " Take them," he said in a low whisper, as he dropped his waistcoat and coat down at my feet. Then, carefully raising himself, he lay for a moment along the rail of the bulwark ; and, as the ship gave a tremendous lurch, going nearly gunwale under, he dropped over the side and disappeared. In an instant, with his coat and waistcoat on my back. I was on the spot where he had just stood, watching, as the ship righted herself, the white foam racing along her side, and knowing that he was gone for ever. OHAPTER IX. I remained leaning over the bulwarks for more than an hour, and when quite convinced that no suspicion existed with anyone on deck, of what had taken place, I went below and made my way to the dead man's bunk, where, imitating as nearly as I could, his nervous eccentricity of manner, I searched amongst his papers, and made myself acquainted with his name - mine now - and found his passage ticket. After which, judging that it might perhaps attract attention if I continued the search too long, I lay down and made pretence of sleeping. And towards morning, the wind still keeping ahead, rose again, and by daybreak the steamer was struggling against a fresh gale, and the sickness in the steerage raged with unabated violence. And so it contined until we were within a few hours of our arrival in Auckland. During this time - I, being a good sailor - employed myself in carefully practising the autography of the dead man, J. J. Potterscribe ; written in a pretentious and tremulous hand, with many eccentric and uncalled for flourishes. When at length we got tolerably fair weather, and the passengers began to creep out of their bunks, and the tickets were collected, I found myself accepted without suspicion as the man that I was not ; found myself accepting the man's name, effects, and personalty without any sense of awkwardness ; and after landing in Auckland, it seemed the most natural thing in the world to give his name at the hotel, and to walk up Queen Street to the Bank of New South Wales, and cash the draft which I had found amongst his effects ; to get his old silver watch cleaned and to have one or two of his rather faded coats dyed. My next step was to take lodgings in the pleasant suburb of Remmera, and there to make the most exhaustive diagnosis of the character of the dead man that the resources at my command would allow ; and above all to attain to a passable competence, forgery of his handwriting, and this perhaps was the most difficult of all. It was a matter of infinite labour for me to train my hand to the formation of the tremulous and wiry curves in which he had delighted. However, by dint of much patient practice, I at length succeeded to such an extent as to feel justified in making an attempt to correspond with his last employer, of whose character and circumstances I was able to estimate from the voluminous notes I had found amongst the Potterscribe papers. He appeared to have been living for a great many years upon a remote sheep run in New South Wales, where for lack of other amusement, he had kept a diary in which all the trivial incidents of the daily routine of station life had been recorded with minute prolixity. The daily narrative itself being interspersed with descriptive sketches of the appearance, private history, and peculiarities of the people with whom he lived. This precious record of paltry tattle, this chronicle of a Lilliput Little Pedlington, was a mine of wealth to me. Never was there a more diligent student of holy writ, or of abstruse scientific lore, than was I of the Potterscribe twaddle. Out of the study of this diary, together with his letters and other papers, I seemed as it were to grow into the intimate acquaintance of all with whom he had lived. He had left at the station upon which he had been employed, at interest in the hands of the owner, a sum amounting to somewhere between seven and eight hundred pounds, together with some property in the way of stock - four or five good horses, and a valuable dog or two. As soon as I felt that it could be done with safety, I wrote to this gentleman (a Mr Davey), describing the effects of the climate of New Zealand upon myself in glowing terms, a la Potterscribe's journal, and dolorously expressing my conviction that I should never again be able to stand the climate of the Australian back country ; I concluded by asking him to sell the horses and dogs, and to remit the proceeds, together with the balance remaining, to my credit - by draft on the Bank of New South Wales. In due course an answer came, asking for further informnation on matters of detail, and in its tone I thought slightly expressive of doubt or suspicion. However, I promptly replied, and after the exchange of one or two more letters the money was sent, and I thus found myself again in funds, being the possessor of close upon a thousand pounds. At first I thought of dropping the Potterscribe name, character, and weaknesses right away, and I should have done so, but whilst idling about Auckland I had made the acquaintance of one or two mining brokers, and had generally made myself acquainted with the condition of the stock and sharemarket there, and thought I saw my way to a good coup or two. A changed identity would have interfered with the plans I was eager to carry out, and so I determined to remain Potteracribe. Operating as I had always done, somewhat recklessly, my luck landed me, like the proverbial cat, upon my feet. A few years of Intrepid speculation, gambling no less, together with the clever saltlng of one or two ciaims at the Thames, and some lucky fluctuations in scrip at Coromandel, again made a wealthy man of me ; and with the possession of wealth again came the desire for that comfortable repose which befitted my age, and which wealth allied to good social standing, could secure for me. This I sought in Australia, and I have succeeded at this place in finding repose, which while hardly happiness, is the only condition upon which life is for a little longer possible. It is not happiness to sit and watch one's own decay. To measure with the accuracy of close observation the dreadful evidences of approaching senility, to strain the enfeebled powers of brain and will to the concealment of their weakness. To mark the daily deepening of the dread shadow under which I sit, to feel the horrible presence of a formless Nemesis - to sit with death and live - and fear it. I - I that have, in days past in days past - * * ** * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Something appears to have been left unsaid," remarked the lawyer after he had finished reading. The manuscript ends here in a succession of illegible scrawls as though the writer had striven to continue after the power to do so had left him." " Arrah then ! 'twas to me the ould nagger shtopped," the irrepressible Mrs O'Hara cut in. " Shure he lied to us when he was aloive, an' he's still doing us now he's dead, the ould basted." Mrs O'Hara's face had become flushed and her was voice thickened and husky. The jackaroos winked at each other portentously and seemed suddenly to realise that there was an innertness which they had not yet fully fathomed, about the frequent application to her lips by Mrs O'Hara of a very large handkerchief and the glug glug sound connected therewith. Young Rockdale approached the widow intending to soothe her. " Arrah, don't reproach me, Mister Rockdale darlint, shure Oi'm disconsolate entirely. Niver to mention me in the will will, never at all." The old lady fumbled for the handkerchief once more, but her hands had become unsteady, and from its folds the fat flat bottle fell, its glittering fragments scattered around and the aroma of Irish whisky arose, like incense, from the floor, and pervaded the room. Mrs O'Hara was gently assisted to the door, and given over to the two maids waiting there. " Shure, if ye's leave me alone Oi'll be quite - quite - quite. Not a word Oi'll say agln the ould basted," the weeping woman exclaimed as the door was closed gently but firmly behind her. Meantime, the air of the room was oppressed, not only with the smell of Irish whisky, but with a weight of unanswered conjecture and question. Was he Marvell ? Was he Potterscribe ? Was he mad or sane ? and what had become of the other, if another there were ? Had there been a murder or a suicide ? and if so, who killed who ? And the assembly dispersed, discussing the mystery which remains unsolved. 