STNOD OF TIS &10CE5S (9 «»CASTLE, [Fbom Our Own Keportkr.] FIRST SESSION OF THE TENTH SYNOD. On Tuesday, at noon, the first session of the tenth . -Synod of the Diocese of Newcastle, was opened in the Synod Hall, under the presidency of his Lord- ship the Bishop of Newcastle. Previous to the assembling of members, morning prayer was said in Christ Church pro-Cathedral, ond Holy Com- munion was administered. In the Synod Hall, after the opening prayers, the roll of the clergy and lay representatives was called. The following members answered to their names : Clergy-Eovb. Canons Selwyn, White, and Tyrrell ; Revs. E. A. Anderson, D. C. Bates, F. D Bode, G. M. Brown, W. A. M. Cockerill, W. K. Colyei, R. E. Goddard, S. C. J. Grime, F. D. Grigson, E. Huband-Smith, A. C. Hirst, W. F. James, E. La Barte, Geo. D. La Touche, P. S. Luscombe, Geo. Moore, H. S. Millard, R. H. Phillips, T. R. Regg, G. F. Rushforth, J. Shaw, B. E. Shaw, A. Shaw, S. Simm, W. Swindlohurst, W. Tait, A. C. Thomas, W. Tollis, J. W. Upjohn, R. M. Walker, W. F. H. Walker, H, A. Watson, J. J. Wilson, Chas. F. Withey, W. H. H. Yarrington. Lay Representatives-The Hon. Sir Joseph Palmer Abbott, Meesrs. J. W. Allworth, Thos. Bibby, V. J. S. Bloomfield, Major Chaa. Bolton, Messrs. Jas. W. Boydell, Horatio A. Brett, Geo. Brown, W. D. Collins, Theophilua Cooper, ChaB. H. Cox, Jas. Crawford, Henry Croaker, W Dennett, Jas. H. Doyle, W. Dudding, Wm. Gregory) Henry Hedges, Chaa. P. Holmes, J. D. Jones, W. E, Kemp, W. R. Logan, F. J. Naylor, Edward Parnell, J^ D. Prentice, John Rourke, John Scholey, F. Sparke, W. Swindells, R. W. Thompson, Dr. A. E. O. Walker, Meaars. H. D. Walsh, S. Whitbread, E. White, F. R. White, Edward Reginald White, L. E. Wiseman, Wm. Wynter. The lay representatives presented their certificates of election, and signed and delivered the declaration required by the 17th clause of the Constitution, together with the speci- fied- declaration that they were communicants. Those of the clergy who had not yet done so, signed their declaration of submission to Synod. The Synod was then declared by the President to be dnly constituted for business. STANDING ORDERS. The Standing Orders of the previous Synod were adopted as the Standing Ordors of the present Synod, on the motion of the Rev. R. E. Goddard, seconded by the Rev. R M. Walker. CLERICAL AND LAY SECRETARIES. The Rev. R. M. Walker was elected Clerical Secretary on the motion of the Rev. Canon White seconded by Dr. Walker. Mr. W. Dennett was chosen Lay Secretary. The nomination wbb made by Mr. E. Pabnall, seconded by Mr. Jones. CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. On the motion of the Rev. F. D. Bode, seconded by the Rev. W. Swindlehurst, Mr. R. W. Thompson was nominated Chairman of Committees. On the motion of the Rev. R. E. Goddard, seconded by Mr. R. W. Thompson, Mr. J. W. Allworth was nominated and elected. auditors. Messrs. H. H. Capper and J. D. Prentice were appointed auditors on the motion of Canon Selwyn, seconded by Dr. Walker, committee op elections and qualifications. Following are the members of Synod who, on the motion of the Rev. R. M. Walker, were chosen to be the Committee of Elections and Qualifications : Canon Tyrell, Revs. R. E. Goddard, W. Tollis ; Sir J. P. Abbott, Messrs. Edward Parnell, R W. Thompson, James H. Doyle. A protest against the election of Mr. George Peisley as representative of the parish of St. Albans, presented through the Bishop, was referred to the Committee on the motion of the Rev. R. M. Walker. the president's address. The Right Rev. the President delivered the following address : AN ancient salutation. "My Brethren of the Clergy and Laity,-On ?meeting and greeting you, the members of this tenth Synod, I fall back upon an ancient form of salutation, with which Bishops welcomed venerable synods. Health and blessing be to yon, scattered over divers parts, but whom the Great Shepherd of the flock gathers and guides. To-day we cordially welcome associates new and old. There are fresh faces and alBO former co-workers among ua. I ex- tend to one and all my hand of brotherly fellowship. Both earlier and later brethren bring appropriate offerings of service to the Synod, older members preserve that continuity which allows one Synod to merge into another without break in its work or abruptness in its policy. New allies bring fresh thought to threadbare topics, and lively enthusiasm to quicken energies ever prone to stagnate. Among the clerical seats there are five filled by new members, while there aro l8 lay- representatives whom we meet for the first time, one of whom we are proud to address as Sir Joseph Palmer Abbott. The recent election evidenced desire to secure local representation wherever possible, and so far as Sarishes pass under review there is advantage in aving local informants at our side. But the diocese is larger than any of its parishes, and the Synod more comprehensive than any local interests ; so that the Church is concerned to draw into her .council the wisest and ablest of her sons. old and new methods. " Entrance upon this tenth Synod reminds us of the years that are paßt and the legaoy of aynodical experience which those years have accumulated. Of course time, that great ' inovator,' has put the rust of obsoleteness upon some early methods ?which we must readjust and polish for modern use. Those long years of thought and effort have disciplined our Synod in self-government until we are, or ought to be, export in adapting meanB to ends, and fertile in every form of church invention. Each eynod Bhould do better than the last. This synod must leave some mark for good upon the dtoeese, some rich deposit upon our spiritual valley of the Hunter, brought down by the strong cur- rent of our endeavours to-day. No doubt there is historic warrant for believing that early Synods Bhowed the State the way towards representative Government, and that Archbishops Dunstan and Langton, presiding over those old church meetings Winchester and Oxford, were among the fathers of Constitutional Legislature. In recent times the influence has been rather reflex, and has borrowed from Parliament the order of synodical procedure. No doubt that order is survival of the fittest of procedures for conducting deliberative business, but it haB sometimes suggested to me that we run some risk of becoming so parliamentary that the ancient types of synods are liable to be forgotten, and the sacredness that ought to characterise Church assemblies become too secularised. Here we are not 'bon. members,' sitting in the 'House,' and our speeches are not reported in Hansard, but we are brethren in Christ, called together with invocation of the Holy Ghost to deliberate thought- fully and prayerfully on things pertaining to the Kingdom of God. Our strict compliance with parliamentary procedure requires longer time than many of our members can spare by restricting the first day of session to business of strictly formal nature. Our work baa to be confined within a week, if all members are expected to attend. I desired to hold the Synod service on Monday evening that we might devote the whole of Tuesday to practical work. This attempt to save time was baulked by the standing order whioh hunts us so notices of motion, first readings, and other formalities whioh admit no discussion, and qccupy only a few minutes. The Synod may see fit ia ita wisdomto make such slight alteration or addition U the standing orders, as would allow Tuesday to become a really working day. The Diocesan Council has furnished members with printed copies of reports, as' well as draft amended ordinances, -whichi clear the way for natrared discussion. ' RECEPTION IN THE DIOCESE. "When I occupied thÎB place a year ago, my arrival in the dioceee was too recent for me to offer any report on its 'condition or any suggestion for its better working. Twelve months have fairly educated me in our -diocesan affairs. I have visited every parish, and have officiated in every church. (Applause.) Towards the clergy I feel already on footing of brotherly intimacy as though we had worked together for years. Their warm-hearted welcome has won my own heart in response, and has added personal affection to official obligation while I seek to share their burdens and strengthen their hands. In like manner, the wardens and parishioners -everywhere have received me cordially and entertained me in a series of social gatherings, where addresses of welcomo were presented, for which my longest and best services can be only a meagre, though grateful, acknowledgment. These visits and meetings have introduced me to our parochial authorities and active church people. I am much indebted to them for hospitality and for conveyance on my way. But my indebtedness for hospitality íb parti- cularly doe to Canon and Mrs. Selwyn, whose gener- ous consideration made their house my home until Christmas last. You have not waited until I could earn your esteem by yeais of faithful service. Whatever thoae services may be worth to the Church, they will fall miserably short of my lia- bilities through your kindness. CHANGES IN THE CLERGY. " Changes have occurred in our ranks during the past year. On the side of departures are the Rev. A. C. Hoggins who has removed to Brisbane, the Rev. J. P. Ollis and the Rev. H. Glasson who went to Sydney, the Rev. Dr. Ellis has returned to Eng- land, the Rev. W, Marshall has resigned the in- cumbency of Murrurundi, where his life and labours endeared him to his people. One has gone from us to join the happier part of the ' one family, which in Heaven and earth is named.' The Rev. J. J, Nash had a record of long service, for he worked in this diocese 35 years. He was incumbent of Mur- rurundi when its wide boundary embraced New England. There were giants in the earth ia thoBe days. " Among our helpful laity we mourn the loss of Mr. H. Stokes, of Newcastle, and Mr. Newton, of Taree ; each has left footprints of useful effort, which will not be effaced. On the side of arrivaU, we welcome on their return, after health-recruiting absence, the Rev. F. D. Bode and Rev. P. S. Luscombe. Among new arrivals are the Rev. T. R. Regg and Rev. L. Ketchlee, formerly my fellow helpers. The Rev. H. M. Maynard, B.A., has just arrived, bring- ing experience gained in a London parish. Three have been admitted deacons : the Rev. D. C. Bates, of St. Augustine's ; Rev. T. T. WilBon, of War minster ; and Rev. G. De de la Touche, of Lichfield College. Mr. Simpson, of Christ Church, Oxford, and Mr. Thomas, of Sydney University, son of the good incumbent of Scone, are preparing for holy orders. Change of sphere has come to the Rev. G. M. Brown, who resigned Belmont to open a much needed mission to seamen in Carrington. The Rev. F. D. Grigson, B.A, has been appointed to the incumbency of Murrurundi, and the Rev. W. Tait has taken the curacy of Islington. CONFIRMATIONS ANO CONSECRATIONS. " Five years' vacancy in this bishopric brought an unusually large number of confirmations into the past year. It gave me delight to meet younger members of the Church in that solemn and blessed rite. I was thankful to observe their reverent de- meanour and the interest shown in these services by the large congregations, The total number confirmed is 1809 ; of these 750 were male and 1059 were female candidates. Confirmation was ad- ministered in 63 churches. These confirmations, with the addition of 103 sermons in various places of the diocese, have made me acquainted with clergy and people. Our record must include the consecration of a new church at Belmont and at Mount Dangar. A new church at Lochinvar is rapidly approaching completion under the energetic efforts of the Rev. W. Tollis, and one is planned for Adamstown under the care of the Rev. J. Vosper. Two existing churches at Bendolba and Bulga have been consecrated, cemeteries and churchyards have been consecrated at East Maitland, Mount Vincent, Gosford, Bendolba, and Bulga. A new organ for Singleton church has been dedicated. THE CATHEDRAL. " Prominent among our efforts for church build- ing stand the finished foundations and rising walls of the Cathedral, realising the hopes of many years and refuting the taunt that we had begun to build but were not able to finish. The plans promise a building 'exceeding magnificat,' worthy of the city and diocese of Newcastle. We shall forget past struggles in our gladness at seeing something accomplished, something done. Modern temples are not built noiselessly without sound of axe or hammer ; but we can afford to bear the noise and dust of conflict and confusion when we see bricks growing into a stately cathedral. Two dayB hence thiB weary waiting will be rewarded when we assemble on the cathedral ground with his Ex- cellency our Governor heading us to assist in laying the foundation stone. The cathedral seems con- secrated even now by the sacred memories and historic lineage of the spot. Seventy-five years ago, in the time of Governor Macquarie, there ¡vas built that quaint, primitive little ohuroh that looked down from its hillside upon a Newcastle without a Hunter-street, and a harbour without coaling ships. It must have been within that simple sanctuary that Bishop Broughton held confirmation for the first time in New- castle in the year 1836. Among several letters kindly lent to me by his grandson, Mr. Boydell, is one from the Bishop to Mrs. Broughton, written from Newcastle, and dated Novem- ber 8, 1836. I quote one paragraph. The Bishop writes : 'You will.be glad to hear that I am well, and that I have received much kindness and attention here. On Sunday I preached twice, and had very good congregations considering that the town is but a small one. To-day I held the confirmation, at which, however, there were but eleven; but I have no doubt when I pay my next visit there will be a greater number, as very many absented themselves from not having witnessed anything of the sort, or known the intention of it.' Our Cathedral will be the noble daughter of that modest mother Churoh. It will be the dévelop- paient and completion of that germ of early Church life in Newcastle. The name of the Earl of Jersey will fittingly follow the name of Governor Mac- quarie. The granite foundation block of to- day speaks to the rough stony tablet that looked down since 1817 from above the western porch of that little, old churoh. That tablet is still pre- served, and deserves a place in the rising Cathedral. We are poor in historic monuments, and cannot afford to lose any relics of*bhe buried past. THE FINANCES. " The treasurer's financial statement shows the success which has attended the assessment scheme devised by the committee of laymen during last Synod. We need not feel disheartened because the whole contemplated sum has not been raised. We have fallen short of it-Í452 Is 5d. It is sadly true that this deficiency has inflicted loss on some brethren least able to bear it ¡ but the self-helpful leap required by the scheme was long, considering that parishes generally have not strained them- selves severely in the exercise of stipend raising. The assessment has done timely service, for without it we would have been in face of an appalling debt to-day. My year's insight into ways and means leads me to fear that the ohurches' prescribed channel of giving, namely, the offertory, does not even yet hold its place in our people's estimation. ''Prayers and alms' do not 'come up' together in our services as one whole act of worship and self - surrender to Him 'who giveth all.1 A small coi» dropped into the plate when it cernes round, as bhe phrase goes, is almost a caricature of the grateful devotion which recog- nises God's ownership as the words of inspired exhortation are read, and expresses that gratitude in an adequate and public offering to be reverently placed on the holy table. Revival of the offertory as part of .our self-dedication in worship would go far to supply monetary shortcomings, and would relieve the strain upon house to house collection. The Rev. A. C. Thomas has shown this moro excel- lent way, for he has restored the offertory until it now supersedes the troublesome machinery of stipend fund collection. Happy are the parsons and people who are in such a case. (Laughter.) THE CHURCH AND THE TIMES. " After nearly fifty years' diocesan existence, to say nothing of many preceding years of ministra- tions, it is reasonable to expect that some of our ecclesiastical machinery would bear traces of changeful time. Both Chnrch and State have com- bined to produoe change. Here a nation has been boro in fk £&?. Its years ore young, but its experience is old. So fast has been its movement that even buildings are old- fashioned and unfitted for present use that were built 40 years ago. Churches built within living memory look ancient enough to be treated aa Saxon or Norman anti- quities. Things here become too old for modern use before they have had time to wear out or rust out. Legislation haß been running hard to keep pace with population, which has increased nearly a million in 50 years. On the Church's side there has been a great awakening throughout the whole Anglican communion, whose stirrings are felt ia ils most distant parts. A wavo of revival over-sweeps the entire area, and is not confined to any school or party, though it started from the evangelical side. The Church has moved fast and far upon this flood tide. Persons whose lives have been in obscure corners find it difficult to reconcile them- selves to the change. New wine burstd the old bottles. The new cloth has rent the old garment. The surroundings of thiB diocese some half century ago have passed away. What was the ' living present' to our predecessors has become the ' dead past' to ourselves. Our task is doubly difficult. It is easier to construct than to re- construct. An example of this absoleteness is Been in the old Church Act. Like the late Primate, I have felt perplexed when consulted to know what parts, if any, remain vital, and where they get any legal hold since the Act of 1862 withdrew that State- aid which gave it breath and meaning. We know that it is utterly unworkable. Any incumbent would starve under it, for it assigns church revenue to expenses. It insists on pew rents, though they are going out of use. It is out of date. The Pro- vincial Synod of 1887 came to the same conclusion, and passed a resolution, which one of our members seconded, 'That a select committee should be appointed to consider a scheme and submit a plan for its repeal, and that application be made to the House of Bishops to appoint a committe of their house to confer with that select committee.' It is eminently a case for united action by all the dioceses of the province. Parliament could not be asked to legislate in a piecemeal fashion. The old Act covered the entire colony, and any substituted Act or ordinance should be equally uniform. We look to the coming Provincial Synod, with its select committee, to deliver us from this incubus. THE CLERICAL STIPENDS. » " A matter which touches us still more closely, and calU loudly for revision, is the ordinance which regulates the clerical stipends. Having settled only recently in the diocese, I feel that I am pre- sumptuous in venturing to criticise a schemo which must have become almoBt sacred by long usage, and which shows very skilful adaptation to the wants of its owu time. In this assembly of educated churchmen, it is superfluous to say that paramount importance attaches to providing adequate stipends for the clergy. If the workman is worthy of his hire, so the hire should be worthy of the workman. No sane man seeks the ministry for its loaves and fishes. Sometimes our Lord gives to His Church men of singular self-renunciation, who can 'for- sake houses and brethren and wife and children for the Kingdom of Heaven's sake.' But we must , legislate for average men, not for modern hermits. Parents discourage their sons from plunging into life-long poverty. Congregations clamour for edu- cated clergy who can guide them through the labyrinths of present religious thought. The question of stipends outweighs a whole theatre of others. Now onr system was clearly and cleverly fitted for the conditions of its day. It was cradled ia State-aid, and although in 1876 it had outgrown that environment, yet it sought in spirit to run along that same line by State-aid replacement through diocesan en- dowment. It is idle to conjecture what might have happened if adequate endowment had forth come. We have to face facts. On one Bide we Bee a rapidly increasing population demanding ad- ditional clergy, and on the other side a small annual sum of ¿800 for endowment. We cannot cut a large coat out of such slender cloth. Payment from endow- ment of ¿100 or ¿75 to every incumbent has ceased. The deficiency is to be drawn from the parishes. I have reason to believe that our stipend funds ordinance gives a dangerously false impression, and that it tends to keep stipends at a fixed level, and that a low one. I have visited every parish, con- versed freely with wardens and parochial councillors and have found a strong impression among them that the diocesan council cananddo replace State-aid in some way according to the terms of the ordinance. Thua we inherit the evil of State-aid in its paralysing influence upon self- helpfulness, while we cannot compass ita excellence by substantially-aiding stipends. The committee of laymen have done good service this year by opening the eyeB of the diocese to look facts in the face. Still, while assess- ment lies outside the ordinance of 1876, it is difficult for ohuroh people to clear their minds of the notion that the Diocesan Council stands with an ample purse in the background. The ordinance rightly stipulates in clause 11 that ¿200 per annum Bhall be a minimum. Probably that sum was suggested by the State-aid. Unhappily Buch minimum easily becomes a maximum. It Beta a standard which is not too often exceeded. Let us remember that the assessment has not raised stipends : it has kept them from falling. I Bpeak because lam an elder brother among the clergy, and because diffidence may keep them silent. It is, of course, a debatable question whether stipends should be fixed or free, uniform or variable, as the paying powers of parishes vary. Civil servants are paid according to scale, professional incomes fluctuate, but statistics show that stipends rest too near the minimum. The Diocesan Council have re- frained from submitting any newordinance,buthave inserted a few amendments in order to allow the assessment scheme to pave the way for coming re- form. Perhaps it is wise to make haste slowly. The existing ordinance at its decease can give its best life to a new one. It has excellences whioh must not be lost. Payment through a central fund should be maintained. The strong mnst help the weak, at the same time each parish must be prepared _ to do its utmost. Paroohial self- reliance, combined with indepen- dence, must be the rule. j THE CATHEDRAL CHAPTER. " The rising walls of the cathedral advise us that the time has arrived when our cathedral chapter should become really operative, and when there should begin to be realised that concentration of spiritual gifts and forces within the heart of the diocese for fresh circulation, which is the very life and genius of the cathedral Bystem. Here let me confess that we run some danger of being dazzled and drawn aside by the splendour of English cathedrals and the wealth of their endowed chapters. It would be an unwise and unworkable attempt for us to start from the point where those venerable institutions now stand. Indeed our con- ceptions of capitular service will be purer and truer if we track back along the course of history to that primitive age when a bishop surrounded by all his clergy in the central church formed the unexolusive cathedral body. In that larger brotherhood no jealous distinction separated cathedral from parochial olergy. The accident of local circum- stance might group nearer the Bishop those brethren who ministered as canonici within the episcopal city. This pattern is less pretentious but more parallel with our place in history, more protected from that ugly barrier parting the parochial clergy from a favoured circle of dean and canons whese imperium in imperio^ often reduced bishops and clergy to the distance of invited visitors. Diocesan unity is the spirit of cathedral restoration. Our ordinance clearly sees this comprehensive character since it includes the office of aichdeaeon, whioh usage has loHg associated with the paroohial clergy, and further affirma the right of the Bi8hop to use hie cathedral. Perhaps the ordinance lays too much stress on the material building by connecting the chapter too conditionally with its erection. Any building becomes a true and real cathedral when the Bishop's seat is in it. I hope that I am not violating the spirit of the ordinance, if I suggest that wa should take occasion now laying the foundation stone to advance a step by adding a dean and two archdeacons to the half-formed chapter. In early times when dioceses were only larga parishes allowing the bishop to attend regu- larly the services of the Cathedral or mother church, then the assistance of a superintending dean was unnecessary. But this nineteenth century has widened the range of a bishop's duties, and made him a travelling inspector. Every parish expects to see him on some Sunday in each year. He requires a substitute at his central church and provides one in the office of dean. Our ordinance enjoins that ' the incumbent of the parish of Christ Church for the time being shall be Dean of the Cathedral.' My complaint against this clause is that it denies me the freedom of looking to one towards whom all eyes would turn, though no mention of him officially existed ia the ordiowce. So far foack, as 1869 Canoa S» wyn started the Cathedral scheme, and isaned circulars for collection of funds. The substantial sum now in hand is due to his careful saving of the Glebe surplus revenue and to his further appeal made ten years ago. Mrs. Selwyn has raised nearly JË900 in the same time by sales of work. (Ap- plause.) Canon Selwyn's loyalty to the Cathedral is proved by nearly thirty years' effort on its bebalf. Of course we all regard titles and dignities only a* badgeB for posts of harder work, and those who wear them are more than ever the servants of all. The office of archdeacon is ancient and withal so useful that when seeking to order our diocese duly we instinctively turn to it for assistance. This original institution rather than its later modi- fication Buits our colonial circumstances. The ordination service preserves this primitive function where it requires the archdeacon to present to the Bishop candidates for Holy Orders as he who has examined them and thinks them to be 'apt and meet' for the ministry. The oversight of younger clergy, including all that relates to the enlistment and training of candidates, opens a range of duties supremely important to the well-being of the church, especially here where an Australian-born ministry is increasingly reqnired. Who among us clergy doeB not know that his first five or ten years fixed their stamp of habir, upon his life ? No doubt it was the Council of Laodicea that expanded the archdeacon's duties when its fifty-seventh canon enjoined that ' bishops be not appointed in villages and country districts, but that the periodental or itinerant presbyters should visit outlying places.' The definition of boundaries for archdeaconariea is of much later date, and was unknown during Saxon and Norman times in England. They are convenient but not essential Happily we have two brethren located at convenient centres for the exercise of oversight of younger clergy, and for periodical visitation of parishes round them. Canon Tyrrell and Canon White have long been doing these duties, and have so done them »b to have rooted themselves in the affectionate esteem of the entire diocese. Their rural deaneries have been splendidly worked, for they have originated Sunday-school association, choral union, quiet days for the clergy, and similar movements, while their fatherly sympathy and advice have cheered their brethren. I hope the . Synod will not deny me the Bishop's ancient prerogative by calling to my side these two fellow helpers as my arohdeacons. (Loud applause.) The Cathedral Ordinance directs that the three canonries shall be filled by appointment from the Bishop. I apprehend that the Bishop is still free to take such steps as he finds expedient towards making suitable appointments. In my late cathedral chapter, ap- pointment to two or three canonries was by election from the clerical and lay members of Synod. This distribution of patronage was acceptable, and worked well. < It might be welcome to Synod if appointment to these canonries could be brought into consistency with the spirit of the ordinance for appointment of clergymen to parishes. We must select men of true cathedral spirit, liberal in their views, fertile in adaptation, and capable of incorporating into worship and work tbe beßt elements of modern churchmanship. PARISH WANTS. Our large population grouped into small com- munities over the country, and requiring several little churches within any one parish, presents a difficult problem. It inflicts heavy strain upon parson and people. The clergy- man spendB many hours in the saddle riding from church to church, and yet unable to give more than fortnightly, or even monthly, services in many places. His circuit in some cases cover 80 or 100 miles per week. His energies are exhausted, his sermons are .ill prepared, his pasto -al influence is superficial. Seen from the people's side, these infrequent services are Buch meagre means of grace that they leave spiritual hunger only half fed. As the voluntary system is practically pay- ment by resultB, these fortnightly or monthly services evoke only small pittances towards Btipend funds. We want more workers to get deeper spiritual work. Such parishes as Taree, Wingham, Stroud, Denman, Merriwa call for division or ad- ditional help. Upon these brethren are laid burdens grievous to be borne. It is severer than I have seen in a pioneer diocese, where town and bush work could be treated apart. Our financial position forbids the formation of new parishes upon old lines, and any distinction in the status of parishes creates discontent. * The employment of curates working from paroohial centres under direction, seems best suited to bring relief, while affording training for those who will afterwards occupy inde- pendence cures. The chief obstacle is in that congregational separatism that likes to live and work alone-a strange contrast to the co-operative spirit which runs and reigns in all secular depart- ments. There are districts round Newcastle where such plan would have the additional advantage of giving that variety and change which are necessary to freshen and brighten services among mining populations. Indeed this freshness is needed every- where to vitalize congregations, and occasional ' changes over' |aroong the clergy for Sunday ser- mons or week evening lectures with lantern illus- trations on Bible or churoh history subjects might stimulate it. THE CHURCH IN AUSTRALIA. " Busied about our own affairs we have little time left for turning towards the wide field of the Churoh at large in Australia. Among the bishops one has been called to rest after nearly thirty years of faithful work in the diocese which he formed from its beginning in 1863. I remember the en- thusiasm felt at his consecration, and the convic- tion that England was sending a true- hearted and wise-headed son as first bishop to Goulburn. Bishop Thomas brought an aptitude for organisa- tion ripened by his office as secretary of a large Church Society in London. If he leaned to the home side of the colonial churoh it was because he believed that home side brought strength during early growth. He has left his diocese well Bupplied with clergy and churches and diocesan societies. Warm-hearted and hospitable, he made Bishopthorp a common home. Evangelical without bitterness or party spirit, his churchmanship saw whatever good there was in men of all schools. I have lost in him a dear friend. Mrs. Thomas haB lost »ne of the best of husbands, and I know that we all con- dole with her in her grief. Death has removed another who was well known to me before he was known to you. Alexander Albert Maclaren was one of my clergy in the North before he came to Maitland. His ardent enthusiasm has left its_ memorials not only in church buildings, bat in lasting influences and loving friendships, excitable m temperament, osthetic in taste, buoyant in spirit, but unrobust in constitution, Maclaren possessed a singular power of attracting and energizing others. As a pleader for money he waB irresistible. Physically unfit to bear voyaging in boats, and always liable to con- tract tropical fever, he soon fell before the malarial climate of New Guinea. There are more martyrs than those who died at the stake, and Maclaren has joined that noble army. One goeth, and another cometh. A bishop has been added to the Austra- lian episcopate by the consecration of my successor. Ordained for the diocese which he now rules, called to his office by the unanimous voioe of the people, and already experienced in every form and feature of his unconventional sphere, Bishop Barlow has a prospect of success beyond conjecture. He is a man of rare gifts, and has grace to use them for God's glory, r Many-sided men, with each side strong and straight, are prizes to the Church. Our northern brethren showed their discernment, when, having the right man among them, they travelled no farther than their own diocese to find one. CONCLUSION. "The business before the synod ia unusually heavy, being weighted with elections and other matters inoidental to a new synod. The draft ordinances, reports, and determinations of the general Bynod reached you some days ago, and your leismrely perusal of thom may save time by narrow- ing discussion to points of importance. I also muBt save time by closing these too discursive remarks. May we be like those ' men of Issachar, who had understanding of the times to know what Israel ought to do.' Conformity to environment is God's stern law in nature, and adaptation in all things lawful to ever-changing conditions is its counterpart in the Kingdom of Grace. I need not say that our times teem, with forces, social and intellectual, which are h«ryingus into a new. world of thought and action. Old things are passing away, critical and scientific inquiry prove every- where. Practical utility tests everything by results. Artistic culture popularises music and decorative art. Society is astir with impulses which our fathers never felt. The orowd moves, and we must go forward or fall behind. Churchmen must have understanding of the times to distinguish things that differ, the properties of the faith, and the accidents of circumstance. To mingle without being meddlesome: to influence without being aggressive : to contend for the faith without being contentious : to be firm without obstinacy, and to be conciliatory without weakness : who ia sufficient for these things? God bath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind. Faithful ia He that calleth us. Dependent on His promised presence, we go forth to-day. May there be given such a mouth and wisdom ' as Bhall con- vince' the diocese that God íb in the midBt of us of a truth. (Applause). The delivery of the address was frequently interrupted by applause, and its closing sentences were warmly applauded. Sir Joseph Abbott moved that the President be thanked for his address and be asked to allow it to be printedjin the report of Synod. Dr. Walker seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation. The President gave the required consent, and in answer to a suggestion of Sir Joseph Abbott, said he loved the diocese of Newcastle too well to leave it. MOTIONS OF CONDOLENCE. The Rev. R. M. Walker, with the consent of Synod to suspend the Standing Orders, moved, without notice : " That this Synod, having been in- formed by the Right Reverend the President, of the death of the Right Reverend Mesao Thomas, Doctor in Divinity, late Bishop of the diocese of Goulburn, New South Wales, desires to express its sense of the loss sustained by tho Church of Eng- land in Australia by the death of its senior, and by the diocese of Goulburn by the death of ita pioneer, bishop. And the Synod desires to place on record its admiration of the upright, unselfish, and devoted life of the deceased prelate, to whose unwearied and self-denying labours for nearly thirty years is due the present prosperous position of the church in the diocese of Goulburn. The Synod further desires to express its deepest sympathy with Mrs. Thomas in the severe bereave- ment she has sustained by the death of her beloved husband, and prayB that the great Head of the Church, who, in His infinite wisdom, has seen fit to call His servant from the sphare of labour to enter into rest, may comfort her with the consolations whioh He alone can bestow. The Synod respectfully requests the Right Reverend the President to con- vey this resolution to Mrs. Thomas and the diocese of Goulburn." The Rev. W. H. H. Tarrington seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously, the mem- bers of Synod standing. ) On the motion of the Rev. B. M. Walker, seconded by Archdeacon Tïrrell, supported by the Rev. S. Simm, the following resolution was car- ried unanimously, the members of Synod rising to their feet, " That this Synod, having been informed by the Right Reverend the President of the death of the Rev. J. J. Nash, M.A., one of the pioneer clergy of this diocese, at the ripe age of seventy five years, desires to place on record its tribute of respect to the memory of one who, in the midst of great difficulties and trials, and dis- couragements, faithfully and nobly discharged the dutiea of his high and sacred office. And the Synod tenders to Mrs. Nash and family its deepest sym- pathy with them ia the severe trial which has come upon them, and prays that the great Head of the Church who has called the labourer home to rest, may comfort them with the consolations which Ho alone can bestow. And the Synod respectfully re- quests the Right Reverend the President of convey this resolution to Mrs. Nash and family." In speaking to the motion, Archdeacon Tyrrell said he had been during the closing years of Mr. NaBh's life Drought very closely in contact with him. He had learned to value his earnestness in church matters, his sound judgment, and the power of making friends which he possessed in an extraor- dinary degree. He was a man of that spirit and conduct that men became extraordinarily attached to him. His family were truly grateful for the intention of the clergy to erect a headstone to mark Mr. Nash'e remains, and for the sympathy which that intention evinced.-The Rev. S. Simm said that the laity, as well as the clergy, were heartily joining in the memorial to Mr. Nash, which bore out what Arch- deacon Tyrrell had said. The Synod at this stage adjourned to three o'clock. At the resumed sitting at three o'clock, Mr. F. R. White, as a matter of privilege, drew attention to the programme of Thursday's proceedings which appeared in the morning's Herald, which he took to mean that the ceremony would be a masonic ceremony first of all, and a church ceremony in the second place. Dean Selwtn explained that the programme was one which had received the sanction of the Bishop, and that it waa identical with one used by the Bishop of Adelaide at a similar ceremony and with a programme for the laying of the stone of the Truro Cathedral. And the committee had gladly accepted the aid of the Masons, a set of truly good and God-fearing men, to make the ceremony the more attractive. After some discussion, the Rev. S. C. J. Grimes pointed out that the service was up to a certain point wholly a churoh service, but the Masonic body would join in the latter part, which was also of a religious and deveut character. After some observations from Archdeacon White, Dean Selwtn pointed out that in the Masonic part of the service there was a distinct invocation of the Lord Jesus Christ and of the Holy Trinity, which would be used by the Primate. Sir Joseph Abbott, in answer to soma remarks, reminded Synod that the distinction of the English Mason was his strong profession of belief in God. And he said that the Earl of Jersey would be placed in a difficulty if he did not lay the stone as Grand Master of the New South Wales Grand Lodge. He could not as Governor of the colony perform any such service for a denomination. The President said, recollecting what church history taught of the place taken by Masons in church building in the Middle Ages, he saw no impropriety in the Masons taking the suggested part in laying the foundation-stone of the Cathedral. He was assured by the Bishop of Adelaide, certainly a good Churchman, that the form of service he had used at the ceremony in Adelaide was eminently suitable ; and he was satisfied that in the ceremony of Thursdav. the church would have its full share. At the same time a body such as the Masons, for which they had a high and profound respect, would help them, and he thought the occasion was one in which the sympathy and the help, not only of the Masons, but of all the public, might be invited and thankfully received. reports received. The following reports were received :-Report of the Diocesan Council, with Treasurer's statement of accounts, and statistical and financial returns ; Report of the trustees of the Clergy Widow's and Orphans' Fund ; Report of the committee for the management of the Book Depository ; Report of the Presentation Board of the Diocese ; Report of the Diocesan Corresponding Committee of the Board of Missions ; Report of the Cathedral Building Com- mittee; Report of the Religious Education Committee; Report of the Select Committee on Religious Education ; Report of the trustées of the Clergy Superannuation Fund. ORDINANCES READ A FIR8T TIME. The following Ordinances were read a first time, at the instance of the members of Synod indicated : Archdeacon White: "The Draft Ordinance to provide for the Election or Appointment of a Bishop in the Diocese of Newcastle." Rev. R. E. Goddard: "The Draft Ordinance to amend the Appointment of Clergymen to Parishes Ordinance of 1877." Dean Selwvn: "The Draft Ordinance to amend the Parochial and Diocesan Funds Ordinance of 1876." Rev. R. M. Walker : " The Draft Ordinance for accepting determinations I, II, III, IV, V, VI, of the General Synod of 1891." Rev. John Shaw: "The Draft Ordinance to authorise the sale of certain Church Lands, situate in Duke and King Streets, in the town of Paterson, in the Colony of New South Wales, and to provide for the application of the proceeds thereof." Rev. R. M. Walker : " The Proposed Rules and Regulations of the Aged and Infirm Clergy Super- annuation Fund." Synod adjourned till half-past nine o'clock on Wednesday norning. 