IRISH FAIRIES. Ghosts and goblins still live and rale in the imaginations of innumerable Irish men and women, and not ^merely in remote places, but close even to big cities. It is down Westward among the - deep bays and mountain valleys "of "Sligo that I have heard -the best tales- and found the most -ardent belief. There, many a peasant dreams of growing rich by finding a fairy's crock of gold, and many a peasant's daughter trembles as she passes some famous haunted hillside, and goes over in her mind the names of men and women carried off, as tradition frill have it, to the dim kingdom. Only very recently one of these fabled robberies was reported, to have been attempted. A little girl, who was at service with a. farmer in the Tillage of Grange, suddenly disappeared. There was at once great excitement in the neighbonrhood, because it was rumoured that the fairies had taken her. A villager was said to Jiave long struggled to hold her from them, bat at last they prevailed, and he found nothing in his hand but a broomstick. The local constable- was applied to, and he at once instituted a house-to-house search, and at the same time advised the people to burn all.the bucalauns.(ragweed) on the field she vanished from, because bucalauns are sacred to the fairies. They spent the whole night burning them, the constable repeating spells the while. In the morning the little girl was found, the story goes, wandering in the field. She said the fairies had taken her away a great distance, riding on a fairy horse. At last she saw a big river, and the man who tried to keep her from being carried off was drifting down it—such are the topsyturvydoms of fairy glamour — in a cockleshell. Brides' and new-born children are especially in dange» Peasant mothers, -too, are sometimes carried off to nurse the children of the fairies. At the end of seven years they have a chance of returning, and lf they do not escape then are always prisoners. A woman, said still to be living, was taken from near a village called Ballisodare, and when she came home after seven years she had no toes—she had danced them off.—IF. B. Yeats, in' the Leisure Hour. 