Crystals. The talking shop again. Everybody welcomes it as distraction — fora time. But it does not take a very long time to become distracted — Not for the Parliamentary Extractor, any. how. Fortunately for it, it comes when Williams: and Co, is getting stale. It is possible to surfeit even of such luxuries as he provides. Which reminds that the Sabbatarian Snooks He who turned np the whites of his eyes at the iniquity of letter writing on. Sunday ? Desecrated the Lord's Day by bringing out an Extraordinary of borrors and scattered it about the town, chnrchea and all. Dees he ever expect to get the pions yoto again ? Rather. The people who run that vote are as fond of Sunday horrors as any man. The parsons— out of pure cussedness be cause the Premier told them not to — have been tackling the kanaka in tho pulpit at a great rate. But the Brisbane Tabernacle man Whales the lot of them at it. The suddenness with which Glassey's work ing man has caught the black man to his bosom very naturally makes the Whale snort with surprise He had never heard of any special con. sideration for the black men from him. That's very like a whale, O Whale, and makes one reckon you have been under water for a more than usually lengthy spell. Did you never hear of the ?' white' men being so tender of the black man that they would not allow him to work ? What greater love could be expected or I7iem, we should like to know ? The plebiskite (as Graham Berry calls it) is going to bo invoked against those who would deprive tho blacksmiths of their jobs of wheel mending provided by the bouldery streets. It's a confounded shame that when ;jobs are so scarco a steam roller should be provided to make them scarcer. Rather should a further plentiful supply of boulders be slathered about, so as to give tho doctors a show as well as the wheelwrights. And if those who have the temerity to oppose tho immaculate ono were slathered with the bauldera, he would be satisfied. Tho American stock complaint is that foreigners don't understand their institootions. The grand boss of tbeso is the Presidential election. This occurs evory four years and keeps the Yanks going all the time — two years to get ready, and two more to recover. They are now in tho period of preparation, and victory as usual is assured to the oide which makes the almighty eagle scream its darnsBt. Both parties are now busy stirring the tarnal critter up with a long pole, and the way this is translated to the world is as follows : 'War is beginning to be largoly talked of. in Washington.' Figures can't lie, but those who use them make up for it by lying enough for both. One of these people tells us that 'Paradue Lost only contains 8000 words, and the Old TeBtamoot says all it has to say with 5,642 words.' What an awful lot of words the Old Testa ment inuBt use in saying what it hasn't got to say 1 The fact is Paradise Lost contains about five times as many words as stated, and the Old Testament about five times as many as Paradise Lost. Is it possible tho statistician meant diff. erent words ? The comenter bos succeeded in plucking out his moustache — pulling ginger up by the root. He also grinned all day afterwards, but whether at the cleverness of che feat or at escaping Judge Lynch at York there is no saying. When he has proved his innocence he is going back to Southern Cross to pall tbo Fraser Co. for wages— and get his cask of . cement. Of Walt Whitman, the American poet just dead, can be said what can be said of no other poet, perhaps : That ho was never stuck for rhyme or bothered for metre. Because ho took no notice of either but just wont on. And has done somo splendid work, no vert he- . less, and original in more respects than contempt for poetical trammels. The ghoBts at Rainhill cleared them all out, the policeman in charge showing tho way. Thero never lived tho copper who would undertake to tako a ghost, though a coupla of stripei wero tho reward of such heroism. Hooting tho Governor by tho Brisbano pro fessional unomplojed was — just like them. What in the world, people will say, did it mean? Simply the hato which theso creatures feel for anyone whose lifo has not been a failure To bo anything nobler than a streot loafer is a personal offenco to them. Sir Tarn has at last made tho amende honorable in tho ' no honest bank ' natter. Better lp/co than uovor, though better early than lato. Also, it is never too lato to mend, and bo won't do it ogftin in a hurry. 