[?] OR A WOMAN'S CHIME. CHAPTER I. , A busy hum of voices and laughter ; rose from the convent garden, and, reached the ears of the solitary patient in the iufirmary, who was lying back in a big easy-chair, her eyes closed, her hands weakly folded in her lap. She sat up and listened, smiling. The dusk was falling on the prim, cool room and its white beds and pic tures .of saints and martyrs ; the tops of the tall trees outside the window were turiiing brown against the saffron sky ; a long flight of birds flapped 'slowly across its fading tints. In an adjoining rooru, within call of .the convalescent's feeble voice, s/it a lay-sister stitching peacefully in the lingering light, and' singing as she sewed. A yellow glow from the sun set sky fell on her face and hands ; shadows were gathering behind her and around the folds of her black serge gqwn. , . . ,- v.. Qucorens mo, sedisti lassus, Kedomisti crucem passns ; Tantus labor non sis oassus, pang the nun in her sad contralto, as the voices of the girls at play , rose again in a sweet clamor from below, tempting the patient to stand up And. to walk in lier long grey wrapper to the window, catching at the wall and the chairs as she did so to steady her feeble and uncertain. steps. "There thoy are!" she said half aloud, planting her hands on the broad oaken sill and looking down into the tranquil grass-grown square below. " It is the First Cours." The quaint old garden-alleys were thronged with dusky flitting, figured, all chattering and running and laugh- jng.in the sweet September twilight, How and then a yellow leaf floated elowly down upon the grass ; the lights of a city were beginning to twinkle in the purple distance beyond the. pas tures and orchard and garden. " When I saw the garden last the rose-bushes were in bloom," thought the girl at the window ; " now there aro only dahlias vfith their pretty quilled rgfl:s. They are better quilled than the sisters' cap-borders oven 1 There is Sister Margaret 1 She is so tall I can tell her from the rest. She is lifting up a dahlia that has been trodden down, and is propping it tenderly against its neighbor. I wonder whether she thinks it ought to be all black and sober, like her gown, or if she is ever puzzled to know why flowers were made so beautiful and of so many colors V' The lonely young Protestant pupil sighed. It was getting darker. Two novices, who had been walking under the orchard trees, came slowly towards the house, gliding like ghosts in their long white veCS. Then a bell clanged out solemnly from the tower, and the happy buzz of voices and laughter ceased as if by magic. j " They are going in 1" cried Lucy regretfully, but her face brightened as two or three handkerchiefs were waved aloft on the chance that she might be looking out. " Good night 1 Good night 1" She nodded, smiling and kissing her weak little hand. Two by two the First Cours filed through the garden-gate and crossed the broad gravel drive that separated it from the convent ; with sober feet tall Sister Margaret brought up the rear. There was nothing to look at any longer but tho fountains and the fall- ing leaves and a last long string of birds flying slowly towards the south. " Good night, birds 1" said tho girl I at the'window, nodding at them too, from her perch. " I suppose you aro , going home to your nests ? Well " — with a sigh — " it is not every bird that has a nest to go to. Fly away before it gets quite dark !" Even the birds were gone at last, followed by two wistful eyes in their flight towards the brightening lights of tho city. "There are homes there," Lucy was thinking. "Those dim yellow dot3 that I can see beyond the trees aro lights shining in the streets and houses where happy girls live, who have thoir fathers and brothers to love them and take care of them. Oh, shall I ever have a home again, or shall I live and die, I wondor, among the kind, sad nuns who try , so hard ; to make me happy ?" Tho pretty forlorn head sank back wearily against the oaken panel by which the child stood. A low murmur of conversation was audible now in the next room, where the lay-sister sitting at hor work had been joined by a companion in hor hour of recreation. "Givo mo St. John 1" said a bright young voice. " I don't know why you think so much of St. Peter. Did not he do that for which he wetit' out and. wept bitterly ?" 1 A ; ; . " That shows that he was. sorry.;. for his fault, Sister Agatha," returned an other in mild accents. ' : . ;V ' Lucy listened dreamily, , stiil stand ing with her head against the wall and: her hands behind her. ' The sisters, in their coarse serge gowns" and stiff caps, were. talkirig in all reverence, bub with the utmost simplicity, of their favorite saints, as if they had but that moment "held ;them by the hand and spoken with them. " That may bo," conceded Sister Agatha somewhat reluctantly:; "but I can't help thinking that he must have been of a mean disDOsition,' or "Hush, hush, sister !". remonstrated the gontle champion of . St. Peter. ' If he hoard you he might feel angry and refuse you admission at the gate 1" "No, lie 'wouldn't 1" returned the bright voice, breaking into a laugh. "He knows very well that I don't half mean it. Flo looks at 'what is in tho heart, and not what is on the lips! And indeed I have been'praying to him in the chapel, as well as to St. John, for Lucy Thrale. Is she any better to-night, Sister Irene ?' Lucy Thrale's lip began to tremble. "And I cannot be .. contented . among them any longer !" she ohought, , "I cannot, I cannot"! Is it very wicked of me to find tho days so long and so- dull— or is it that , the, sisters are contented because they.' have! never had such a glimpse of the world beyond the convent gates as I had during tlmt one hapipy; year at Uncle Robert's? Oh, how happy it was 1 Yes— it was \- — in spite of the miserable 'ending. HovvVshorb the' long summer days used to seem, and how much there always was to fill them— the pictures at the Academy, the concerts at the .Floral Hall, the new books from' Mudie's, "the pretty dresses! And next year I was .to have been presented, and then I should have gone to balls and garden-parties like Ada. I shall never go to any now 1" "I -.will; sit with Lucy for a while,". Sister Agatha was saying cheerfully. " If you would like to go down to Benediction there is the- bell." " Is' it' wrong, I wonder,'' thought, the little listener,. trembling and flush ing— "can it be wrong .to wish to live like other girls ? I might as well be a nun myself as live here all my young days. Oh, it is hard ! : They are all so good to me ; but 1" cannot keep my thoughts with them any longer. They will struggle through the convent bars in spite of me. If I could only follow my- thoughts 1 But I must stay here, though, when spring comes again and the chestnuts are budding in the park, other girls will be riding there with kind young men to talk to, and the dear pretty princess will drive by, smiling among her children as , the hats go off so proudly before her, " aijd Patti and Nilsson will bo singing, and— oh, is all my life to be made up of shadows and re'grets. and longing ? Shall I never begin to live again? A long-drawn vibrating chord rolled through the great vaulted corridors from the organ in the chapel, and the high melancholy voices of the nuns, who were practising togother, pierced the silence with a sweet sharp thrill. There was a triumphant sound in the notes, sad though they were — a sound that told of pain and longing struggled with and of a battle won ; but tlie music seemed to oppress with some unreasoning terror the young and restless heart of the listener. " Oh, never — never — never'!" sho cried wildly, beating her hands together. " Everyone lias forgotton me — nobody wants me — there is no place , in the world for me any more 1 " And, being still vory weak and ner vous, the poor child sank down upon the floor beneath the darkening win dow, bursting into a passion of tears, and put her hands to her ears as if to shut out the sweet and soaring sounds. In a moment the lay-sistor was by her side, and was calling softly to some person unseen. Then a stout good-natured-looking woman, wearing the conventual dress, came into the room and helped to lift the sobbing girl from the floor and to lead her back to her easy-chair. " What is this, Lucy, my child ?"jshe asked in motherly accents, as she held the little flushed and throbbing head against her bosom. " I thought you wer8 still fast asleep, and it seems you have 'been making a voyage of dis covery round the room. I am very glad you felt able to walk ; but you must not try your strength too soon. There, now! Let me shake up your' pillows for you. Is that quite com fortable 1" Lucy put her two weak arms round the good nun's neck, and kissed her under the border of lier great starched cap. " Dear Mother Hardy 1" sho said, controlling her sobs and trying to smile up into the anxious face that was bent over her. " I am afraicl I startled you 1 I — I was a little ner vous, I think. It was very silly of me, but " Hor lip bogan to quiver again, and Madam Hardy, gently kissing her on tho brow, turned away to ask Sister Irene to bring a light, making a plea sant little bustle in tlie room and seeming to transform it by her cheery presence. "A cry now and thon does no harm," sho said brightly, as she re turned to Lucy; "but I think you must let me measure the dose, as I do -tho doctor's drops." The good nun was lowering the shade of the lamp, so as to suit her patient's eyes, and now proceeded to draw a small table close to the arm chair and to empty her capacious poolcet of a bundle of letters. " There is your evening's mail," she said, smiling. "I am besieged -all day long with questions as to when you aro to go "downstairs ; the First Cours have petitioned to have conge put off till - then ; and I tell them, my dear, that it all depends on yourself." "I am trying to get jvell — indeed I am," protested Lucy tremulously. " I know you are worn out, mother" '..".Well, to tell you the truth. I shall be very glad to get you off my hands. " Until then I shall never be able to have a proper night's rest, with my nightcap on, like a Christian nun." ," And the.sisters too," added Lucy, smiliiig at the little joke. " I watched poor Sister Irene last night as I lay: awake.' She ti-ied so hard not to fall asleep over her beads, but her. shadow kept nod- nod-nodding its big cap on the wall, and she went off at last, poor thing!" "That is what- you ought to have done,' my dear. Sister Irene is a little lazy-bones ; but sho is very willing to sit up with you, I know, for your own sake, -as well' as on higher grounds. There, lean back and rest yourself like a good 'girl; while you read your letters, and I will go and see what I can coax thom to send you up for supper." The kindly mistress of health dis appeared, and Lucy Thrale resolutely winked away the last of her tears. 1 " How good they all are to me!' she thought. .""What should I have done if I had not - had the dear old: Sacred Heart to come back to? Ah, it was a pity I ever went away at all ! ' She lay. back, ' with a sigh, among her pillows, and began -to open her schoolfellows' letters. They were written in a variety of angular- hands, and the envelopes were "covered with . various specimens of schoolgirl wit, meant to cheer her up in lier solitary confinement. " For Lucy Locket, to put in her pocket," one was addressed, and another to Miss Thrale, Upper Regions, Bedfordshire." , " Dear, dear Lucy," said one little note printed in large capitals and- en closing a damp lemon drop— " I am head of the jograpby class. Come down soon and play ' Frkre Jacques,' with your loving little; friend.— Hetty." The tears came rushing buck to Lucy's eyes as she pressed this; little letter to her ciieek and covered it with kisses ' " I will not be discontented or un grateful any more, "she bravely decided. Home means love, I suppose, and they 'all love me here better than I deserve, but not better than I love them" ' , - . Madam Hardy now came back, fol lowed by a lay-sister who was bringing Lucy's supper. She looked at her patient and smiled, well pleased. That bright face does me good," she declared affectionately, as she pre pared to do the honors of the. white- spread tray. " Reverend Mother Vernon is coming to see you presently, my dear, and if you make a good supper who knows but she may have a little surprise for you?" Lucy .looked up eagerly, flushing and' trying to read her face. " Now no guessing !" cried the good nun pleasantly. " Do you think I am going to spoil sport? You shall not hear a word about it until I have seen you eat something." Thus encouraged Lucy applied' her self obediently to the simple dainties with which her .table was furnished — preserves made by the white hands of the sisterhood from the fruit they had seen blossom and ripen on tho walls as they paced the garden-walks and read their pious little books, cream and butter from tho oonvent-dairy, delicate brown bread and some bon-bons in a pretty painted box. "Barbara sent you these," explained Madam Hardy, sitting down by Lucy's side and preparing to go on with the long black stocking she was darning. " She says there is a good wish in every one of them ; but I am afraid you must only look at them for 'the present." Lucy did not answer. She was anxious still, and a little fluttered — seeing which her kind nurse took no notice, but went on talking easily over her stocking. "Your little friend Hetty is in penance again for talking in class, my dear. Did you ever know such a young rebel ?" " Oh, the poor wee chatterbox ! " cried Luoy, with a wan little smile — such harmless gossip as this was all she had to fill tho great aching empti ness in her heart. " What have they done to her, madam ? Turned her dress inside out as usual ? " " Indoed, yes, and pinned a great red-paper tongue to her back ! So thcro Miss Hetty stands on a stool in tho middle of the whole class, and Oh, hero is tlie Reverend Mother ! '' (to be continued.) 