O'Mulligan's Wallaby Drive. Mr. Peter O'Mulligan often had thought, That he hadn't been nearly so good as he ought In dispensing good cheer to his neighbours and friends, So he hit on a scheme that would make them amends. He said, "Molly, my darling, we'll go the whole hog You must lay in a stock of provisions and grog ; We'll invite all the neighbours, and try to con- drive Just to give them an illigant wallaby drive." He invitod the Murphys, both Johnny and Mat, And old Sandy McDougal, from Tumble-Down Flat ; There was Barney O'Grady, and Jones from the mill, And old Paddy the stockman, from Cabbage- Tree Hill. And they came with their wives, and their sweethearts, and some Came alone, and a few were unable to come ; But it did Molly's heart good to see them arrive To Poter O'Mulligan's wallaby drive. There was game in abundance, and plenty of sport. And the old gum trees shook with the rattling report Of old Paddy's big musket, as furious and fast, He blazed with his eyes shut, at all that went past. At the end of the day, when they counted the score, Paddy hadn't shot one while McDougal had four ; Johnny Murphy was top, for he shot twenty- five At Peter O'Mulligan'a wallaby drive. When the sun had gone down, and the shoot- ing was done, There was dancing and feasting, and flirting and fun ; Johnny Murphy got drunk, while his young brother, Mat, Courted Kitty McDougal from Tumble-Down Flat ; White Peter himself, quite unknown to his lady, Sat on the verandah with Biddy O'Grady. And thoy danced till poor Jones was more dead than alive, At Peter O'Mulligan'a wallaby drive. O'Grady sought Biddy the moment he missed her, And came on the pair as O'Mulligan kissed her ; Then their joy was diluted. O'Grady showod fight, Wliile 'O'Mulligon's missus made Biddy look white. In a momont the house was like Donnybrook Fair, There were heads in the fireplace, and heels in the air ; And though Paddy the stockman to part them did strive, He got floored—at O'Mulligan's wallaby drive. McDougal lost all her falso hair, While O'Grady got scalped with the leg of a chair ; Johnny Murphy struck Paddy, who called him a liar, And upsetting the lamp sot the whole house onfire. There was fire in the parlour, and smoke in the hall, And a blaze in the room that was cleared for the ball ; And. the ladies, who'd fainted; they had to revive, Or be baked—at O'Mulligan's. wallaby drive. Then tlioy rallied round Peter, their friendship returning, And they pulled down his house to prevent it from burning. When the fire was put out they all shouted "good.night," And saddling their horses, were soon out of sight. When the last one was gone, Mrs. Mulligan rose, And she said, as she wiped a big tear from her nose, more a divarsion to keep you I presume, faith, ye'Il got up a wallaby drive !" Then as, Pheonix-like, Peter arose from the ashes, With his whiskers all-singed, and his eyebrows and lashes, By the ghost of Saint Patrick, I swear, If I ever recover my eyebrows and hair, that there's only one small piece of hunting I'll do, Faith I'll hunt for O'Grady and give him his due. As for you, devil take you, I'll skin you alive If you you ever more mention a wallaby drive." 16/3/92. T. E. S. 