POLITICAL ECHOES. | BY LODNGEE.J Thongli it is an affectation with some people to sneer at the Legislative Council and contemptuously omit "the handle" to members' names, there is a growing feeling that the Upper House is increasing in power and influence, because the representation of divergent interests is being perfected there. It is less of a class body and more of a People's Chamber than perhaps most other kindred Houses, and the greater the permeation of democracy into the Council the stronger becomes its vigour. Recent events tend to show that the Assembly is not unwilling to surrender its monopoly of no-confidense motions, and permit the Hon. Mr. Ward to undertake what Sir John Downer hesitates to attempt. Mr. Ward would disdain to look at a trifle like the formation of a strong Ministry which is supposed to baulk Sir John Downer. Such enterprise and courage in the Council being entitled to a measure of prominence, I invited a gentleman, whose delight it is to chronicle the doings of "our little lords." to tell the public what impression they made upon him, and lie lias furnished some very interesting notes :— " What with the fresh blood introduced into it the Council is now becoming a real factor in local politics, and has got so far as to engage in what a constitutional authority declared was tantamount to a no-confidence motion. It was easy to imagine that the Hon. E, Ward was the leader of the Opposition the other day as he majestically marched to his place and began to arrange some ominous-looking blue papers. 'How's the barometer V was the query. ' Steady, but there are indications of rough weather,' was the response as Mr. Ward ran his fingers through his hair, a sure sign of an approaching storm, the futy of which will be in exact ratio to the angle at which his hair stands from his head. Mr. Ward was considerate at the outset. * I will not let my impetuosity run away with me,' he said, and his fellowmembers breathed more freely. Like the old war-horse that delights to 'roll his red eye and rally for the fight,' Mr. Ward does not seem comfortable unless engaged in a scrimmage, and if the casus belli involves the 'privilege' or 'dignity' of the Council so much the better—he is as happy as Michael O'Shanagan at a fair. That was a necessary assurance from Mr. Ward, and it must be admitted he kept fairly to it. Mr. Ward is the proud possessor of an up-country estate bearing the name 'Grampus,' which being interpreted is 'a blow whale,' noted for its gieat 'spouting' propensities. Of course this is a mere coincidence, but then ' coincidences' are sometimes awkward things. When at his country seat and not basking in the sun, which shines brighter at 'Grampus' than anywhere else, or resting in the shade of his own vine or fig trees, which throw a superior shade at 'Grampus,' it can easily be imagined that Mr. Ward amuses himself o j™ shootinc at tomtits with a cannon andi •ndjat t angar0os with a shanghai. In the recent debates Mr. Ward rose superior to the Mr. Ward as generally seen in heated discussions. He was calm, almost logical, fairly precise, and gave no exhibitions of those dramatic powers which would have made him a model major-general in the Salvation Army Not a single line of poetry did he quote, not even a couplet from his dear old friend, Charles Mackay, and no side issue was raised in order to work in the martial lines—" Till the war-drum throbbed no longer and the battle flags were furled," &c.;, &c.; Not even the interjections of Mr. Cotton, given in a highly pitched key, which generally prove as irritating to Mr. Ward as a March fly does to an elephant, could turn the speaker from the evea tenor of his way. On a subsequent occasion, when the Minister of Education was addressing the Council in general, but Mr. Ward in particular, Mr. Ward interjected ' You are tilting at a windmill.' Now in these days of irrigation a wiudmill is the most useful of implements, but Mr. Gordon, who was in no mood for flattery, declined to admit that Mr. Ward was to the Council what a windmill is to an irrigated fann, although after a moment's reflection and a further interjection from Mr. Baker the Minister allowed, with |a significant accent on the first word, that both gentlemen were 'tmWinills.' Possibly when the Commonwealth Bill comes on for further discussion Mr. Ward will again be in the thick of the debate, for what a red rag is to a bull the word 4 Commonwealth' is to the hon. gentleman, whose hatred of Cromwell is only exceeded by his loyalty to the memory of King Charles. ' That wretched thing of straw' is how he describes the Commonwealth Bill." But the most conspicuous figure in the Council just now is the Hon. J. H. Gordon, Minister of Education, who lias gained a reputation for brilliancy. A reputation is not always the most pleasant of companions. It easy to fall out with it, by - the - way, ai»d the reputation of to-day with the lustre of an electric light may be as dull and flickering as a tallow dip to-morrow. But the leader ef the Council is shining ever so much more brightly in Ministerial harness than he did last year out of it, and the rattling speeches with which he has favoured the Council of late has added to his reputed ability, hawbeit one, through the fault of his colleagues, was marred by a good deal of special pleading and tbe raising of sideissues. Indeed, fb'iven by a volley ef interjections and incredulous " Oil, oil's," Mr. Gordon- allowed his Scotch blood to rise, and he hit out rather wildly, indulging in personalities- towards Mr. Baker which "had nothing to do with the case." Mr. Gordon's reply to Mr. Ward had been carefully thought oat, but the speaker was not so happy or half so brilliant as when taken en the liup last week, and had to repljp to- an important point which hstd been sprung as- a surprise on him. This was the best- impromptu eflbrt heard in the Council for a long time, and had the efieot; of making one or two converts, who have hinted at their being found 011 tlio side of the Government when the division takes place oil Mr. Ward's vote of- censure. The Minister's l»pp.y smile and pheasant mannerisms often huvo the effect of turning aside the wraih of his opponents, and there is, moreover, a- meek and innocent expsession which Mr. Gordon always 'lias handy that woukl make a heathen Chinee eavioua. "The tender lamb that lias nevw nipped the «rass is not more innocent" than the leader of the Council wlisn it suits him. '' Mr. Grainger said so," pleaded Mr. Gordon the other day with childlike simplicity in support of an inter joction he had made. The "Oh, oh's' of members brought an expression on the facs of the Minister, which plainly said, " Wfcsit, is it not proof enough that Mi?. Graiagei- said so r~ A member opposite, who calls the- Minister ".Johnny,"' looked across the Chamber, as much as to say, ".Johnny, you are too green, you oaght to be hung up to dry." The Minister of Education evidc-stly fully beJieves with Sliakspersre that The silence often of pure innocence Persuades when epealcaig fails, for he oftentimes sits quietly, and is apparently indifferent to the shouting and the storming going 011 against the G'overiijnent or some portion of tlieir policy. There is 110 match for Mr. Gordon in the Council in repartee, and the way in which he knocked over the "men of straw" raised by the inter jectors last Tuesday was delicious. Indeed, lie has been congratulated alike by friends and opponents. There should be a clause in the next " Hansard" contract stipulating that the reporters must report not what an hon. i member has said, but what he meant to say. This would save confusion and possibly misunderstanding's in the cases of those speakers whose diffidence prevents their airing their, sentiments off in an audible voice. In both Houses there are members whose orations would not T disturb a quakers' meeting. Like the little animal that carries its home on its back and retires within itself from the gaze of the world, the voices of those hon. gentlemen, instead of ringing out like clarions, take an internal direction, whence there is no returning. So conspicuous is this modesty that it is rumoured the contractors of the next" Hansard" are going to stipulate that each reporter must be supplied with an ear-trumpet, so that the country and its literature may not suffer the loss of precious sentences. By the steady and precise "military stride" with which the Hon. S. Tomkinson entered the Legislative Council on Tuesday it was apparent something was wrong. It soon proved to be a matter of importance, for a messenger was seen hurrying to and fro with papers, and presently the hon. gentleman came to attention and rose with much dignity. It's another no-confidence motion," was the whisper; but no, it was a personal explanation that he had made an error. No, never ! The Pope might err, but not Mr. Toirkinson. He administered to the reporters % well-sugared pill, which after all did not taste so bad as it lcoked. Like the clown in the circus it was a hearty grip with the right hand and a bos; in the ear with the left. "Mi-. Boodles is such a dear nice old gentleman we all love him so much. He looks like a lion, but he's as harmless as a dove," might be applied to Mr. Tomkinson, who really is not much more dread ul in his fury as a kitten in its play. His explanation was that he did not use the word "disgrace" in a certain sense when referring to Dr. Cockburn. The shorthand writer who looked up his notes found them very distinct, and there was the word and the sentence as reproduced in print. "He might have turned his back on the President and the reporters to address Mr. Cotton." There the feline quadruped was out, and ye gods, Mr. Tomkinson had made an apology ! Not content with having an ill-conditioned gallery wherein the reporters are alternately suffocated and subjected to draughts which would give a steamengine whooping cough, members fre quently turn their backs on the reporters just as they are about to give utterance to their most valued phrases. Mr. Tomkinson is one of the greatest sinners in this respect. In the discussions which have taken place as to the necessity of providing better accommodation for the "Lords" not a syllable was mentioned about the reporting gallery, though it is notorious that the Press Gallery of the Legislative Council would do little credit to a third-rate taproom. Though quasiofiicers of Parliament, the "Hansard" reporters, are not even provided with room wherein to write up their turns, and must perforce transcribe their notes hour after hour amidst a babel of voices. In the " good old days," when the reporters used to while away the time by playing marbles while speakers orated, this did not matter so very much, but now members must be reported fully, or it is look oat for squalls or "personal explanations." Turning to the Assembly, I have often Tvondered what listeners above the clock in the. gallery think of the debates. It is said the ghosts of Coroner's jurymen haunt those seats and yawn unmercifully over the dry-as- dilst discussions. Perhaps they do, but if they could be made to speak their experiences would be infinitely more interesting than what we hear frcm hon. members. I have had supplied from members of the public a measure of their sentiments on the proceedings of members. It is perhaps good for legislators seeking a glorious resurrection after the approaching dissolution that the electors do not attend often or in great numbers to hear them, for there is such a state as oblivion. My first contributor writes about MR. GRAINGER'S SMILE. It is seldom that Mr. Grainger when peaking smiles. No, there is almost the appearance of earnestness in that rigidity of feature. Determination is exemplified in the way in which he holds his chin, truth convincing truth in the eloquent flourish of the index linger or unanswerable argument as he placeB it in his left hand, but seldom a smile. On the purchase of the Grange Railway the House had a treat. Mr. Grainger smiled a seraphic sort of smile as near an approach to a broad grin as cosld be expected for £200-a. year and trimmings. What caused that smile, that contagious smile, which permeated the whole House'! Only the recollection of having made in one day £300 out of sales of Grange Railway shares. Mr. Grainger seemed to translate himself back to the past smilingly. Shrugging his shoulders he dived with both hands into his trousers pockets. Then with a little start, perhaps at not finding those sovereigns, the smile vanished. A frown caane in its place as he thought of the loss to the country caused by Mr. Brooker's conduct in having beea the means of getting an early train for the convenience of five blockers and a possibility of a special being required on the Grange line for the convenience of some advanced school girls. A second contributor, who recognises that a member of Parliansent has a right to break a psomise if the people do not invent machinexy to compel observance, had liis Miliary organs stimulated by Mr. Caldwell's free-breakfast speech. He wants PARLIAMENTARY BORES PUT DOWN. Mr. Caldwell said the remission of the duty on tea was Santamount to conferring a bonus and encouraging countries that produced tbe article with cheap labcur. Who pays the datyY Is it immoral to drinh- tea until we satisfy our-seives by certificate that the gi jwers' profits are high and that the labourers are employed under the eight-hours system at satisfactory wages'; But Mr. Caldwell assured us that " tea is not a necessity."' Neither iB a member of Parliament a necessity, and yet we do not abolish his salary. A politician is a social beverage like tea, wholesome in moderation, not otherwise. When Mr. Caldwell records his vote in favour of a stoek tax he will not forget that roasts beef is a luxury, of course. But Mr. Caldwell excels himself when he approaches tbe reiirleeion of duty oa kerosine. He is determined that he shall be written down aa ass. In his own words here is his reason. " Within thelast twenty-fourhoursagentleman of experience told Uim that in different parts of the colony he must Lave superintended at least a thousand faoree, and that he was impressed with the belief that South Australia had a considerable area of shale country." A thousand bores p-jst down unsuccessfully is surely evidence of the absence of oil-bearing shale, but the experience gained should be useful in pointing out to the electors the way to effectually put down certain other bores from which much gas of a non-illnininating quality, but nothing else, proceeds. 