OSCAR WILDE MAKES A HIT. Mr. Oscar VWilde has not disappointed tne ex pectations of his admirers. He has achieved a genuine dramatic success in 'Lady Windermere's Fan.' The play was produced last Saturday night at St. James s Theatre, by Mr. Alexander, and by that popular actor-manager staged to perfection. The dialogue is at the brilliant author's cynical best, full of paradox and keen observance of life in my lady's chamber and life at the club. ' To be intelli j gible is to bo found out,' says one of Mr. Wilde's mouthpieces, a consummation, by Mr. Wilde, de voutly avoided. But we who worship genius are content not to understand. We accept complacently n frliinmfiriiif? of nernonMon : full comprehension would be like the explaining away of a ghost, and that, none of us who love to thrill on borderland desire. And Mr. Wilde's ghosts never ' speak un disputed things,' and their 'solemn air' covers deep truths. The story of the play has a clever Slot, and tho key held to the hist. Lady Win ermere loves and believes ir her husband. She OSCAK WILDE. ' is mado jealous of a fascinating woman of shady character, whom her husband insists on her receiving as a guest. She- threatens, if lie forces this woman on her, to strike her with her fan, her husband's gift. The woman, Mrs. Eilynne, conies, but the fan is not used. In a mad fit of jealousy Lady Winder mere rushes oil' to the rooms of an admirer who had avilly wooed her in vain. There she is confronted with Mrs. Erlynuo. who, after a fine dramatic scene, saves the distraught wife, just as the evil wooer is heard on the stairs accompanied by Lord Windermere mill others. The ladies hide — Lady Windermere behind u curtain, Mrs. Erlynno in an inner room. The hitter is there discovered, the former slips out, Dtnoiieme.nl — Mrs. Erlynno turns out to be Lady Wiiidorinoio's mother, a divorcee. She has been black untiling her son- in-law, who, to save tlte disgrace of acknowledging such a connection, has bled freely. This, roughly, is the plot, most cleverly worked out. Mr. WiMe made a smartly lazy speech, pulling a cigarette tho while. He expressed himself quite as satisfied with his play as the audience themselves. 