our paris letter. From Odb ConnKsroNDEXT. PARIS, 5TH Maroh.' ' This year wo have had a sucoossion of win-: ters whioh has told, not only on1 the publio health but on business. In addition te that; mlsfortuno, the sneaking influenza insinuated; itself into all tha crannies of life, bind completed the round of miseries. The atudont naturally fixed, his eyes on the weokly death bill of Paris, to note if tho column "suioides" was swolloii. Strange it was not; but the unfortunates who look forward' to' 'self ' destrnotion as the ' panacea for an exhausted existorioo .and' a future without 1 ro. lief, or even hope, are knqwn to prefer inild wcathor for shnifiing off the mortal coil. :,It is a fact that no suicide for love' ha's 1 over been per petrated iri winter.- Roohbfort complains a little tliat sinoe his eoriipulsory "residbnoe in 'London ho has been " suffering from spleen, that it rains six but of every ' eight days on the banks of the Thames. Now it pours in torrents seven days out of eight on the banks of the Seine, resorvirig tlio eighth day for a meteor- ologio mosaio of snow, slcbt, pnlmouio fog and rotten frost Shrovo Tuesday ushered iri the carnival, arid the fdte that was generally believed doomod to failure, proved a .morry Bucoess. Professor Lorn- : broso, wlio mnnu'faoturcB a now theory in crime every day, alleges that a muititudo is a grand generator of evil. The half of tho population of Paris was" in ' tho " streets on Shrovo. Tuesday/ and tho oi-owd developed riot, evil, but good, for only mirth, wit, humor, and big' child joking predominated ; and ' it did ohurn up stagnant and pcssimistio tompoia- monta, and by ohiising away dull bare positively has eheokiriatad influenza. Between whiffs of snow and bursts of merry snrishine, the masque- rodors and disguised .humanity, in goneral com-. menoed ttioir .antics.. Thoro was ahappy.faH. ing ayiay hi - commercial .utilities. j> Thbmost general, fanoy. qostumcs .were jropresentntiyo of boyardB and moujiks, all of whom wore ns stout as London aldorman lifter , 10 yqars' appronticq;' ship ,to official, turtle soup. Perhaps tHey were Muscovites captured . duringj the,, years,' of plenty. They werb 'woloorne.d,' .but not muoh enthusiasm was qxpondqcl .! on ".''our allies'." However, the st'pok.'of . gusli is limited, with, a Parisian ; perhaps it would , be " better, to say it soou runs dry-r-within three, hours with'sbme,' rind, within tliroe days for all. '! j . "'r , The make :up of Russian girls is always . pleasing, the carnival of colors aro not illustra- tivo of harmony, tho aathotio violations would sulfiae to oouso Oscar TViide to return iu worsted stockings and Dagobort pantaloons. French suacaod best whon oarioaturing or reviving their own national manners; and oustoms. Alsatian sistors tako thoir pleasure sadly, like bygono Britons ; thoir head dross, with mainsails of blnok ribbon, ought to under go. economio shortenings ; the total savings would go tar to help tho suggested move ment - for buying baok tho amputated provinces.. - TVhen Francois L was taken prisoner, the women of Franco raised ransom money by the prooeedB of their spinning whools, as was resorted to for other braves when tkoy lost all but their honor. .1 never yet saw an Alsatian girl joyous, they are dashed with molanoholy y.aa nurses, whon thoy are. .flanked by two admiring troopers, they are still as sad as angels oyer a good man's sin;, riud' yet their euivez., mi ribbon , streamers,., would ,, suffice to coax away a wholo oompany, , of militaires.. I . olten,. ask. myself,, are tho Fronoti . growing faint., and- weary, about , Alsace and the. rt!vanchc,.oc do they..mare practically act on poor Gamhetta'a hiut— think, but do not talk,, ot both. The Alsatians aro olearly not yet transformed into, modernr.Germans, since their conqueror is about to, endow . them .with the amenities of , martial law, after 21. years of annexation. . ...x j.. The masqueraders indulged in plentyof satire at tho expense of tha Ministerial orisis. TVhen the allusion was too personal: tho impersonator had to make , tho neoossary alterations in attire or tho written .wit. placarded , on bis, baok. Generally .'the outgoing or rather tho played out Ministers wero typified with battered hats, tat- tored ooats full of. ventilation faoilities ; panta loons not far removed, in point of quantity, from a Highlandman's "brooks"; shoes that might dofy '.corns,-,, so well provided wore they with too. - exits ; stockings seemed to bo an unknown .quantity ,in Ministerial toilottcB ; a dog with a tin in its mouth,, guided by a string, appealed with Belisarius. eloquence for an obolus-.- This is an historical error it is a well known truism that all the members of tho do Freycinot Cabinot have. saved money. As Australia. iB interested in tho South Polo sub jects, there was a' mountebank- who sold Antarc tic pills and pastilles to ours North Polo catarrhs. Musio was plentiful during the dny, as thousands , of promonsders discoursed on penny, trumpets, , or blew . their own horns— at all times and seasons— a not uncommon - public performance. -The surprise :of the day was the permission to employ - poufotti, but -the latter lumps of Italian delight were- not to be of Italian fabrication — thp.gypstim.boing .too hard and the olay envelope too -dirty, i Fronoh con- fotti was in,, .paper, tlio,, small shot, being prepared from -theso unsold periodicals .. that generally gravitate to buttar . dealers and trunk makers. .TVhen paper. makes ; railway wheels, pianocases and pleasure yaohta, it oertainly could be machi into facial shot. Then tho ammunition was clean;, the wounds, inflioted;>w<>ro-nevqr grave; only, shut the eyes, fire away, and beg with Fontenoy politeness for, others , to, fire - flret. -Many old ladies struok floroely against , the innovation, but ultimately they took tho assault and battery philosophically. The new-Ministry dosorvps much credit for doyoting.its.first act. to providing a new pleasure for Parisians. ,. , Tho Loubet is only, the ds Freyoinet Oabinat under another name, .with a few ancient Minis ters thrown: overboard, - notably Homo, Minister Constans,-whom It had -beooma the tashiou tn view as a "providential mao,". oapablo of wresting against all political oonspirators and social pertnrbatora. - His colleagnoa wore appa rently - tired of Aristides the1 Just, and the new shufHo. of: tho oards had osten sibly : for aim to ..jookcy: M. Ooustans into private life, for : whether. -a- publio man be sonator or deputy, > onoo- he falls from eminence, like Jules Ferry or Luoifor,. his fate 5b, "Nevor to riso again;" Oertainly tho lata Homo minister Was ably shunted aside,- and now that he is down people dissect the political corpse, and are indignant that there was so littlo that was wondorful in him. Beyond doubt, Constants had a great run of luok, and ho bad the knaok of turning ciroumstances to his per sonal odrau tage. He killod Boulangism.but it was BoulangiBm, nsinoarnatedby Roohefort, tiiatslew the slayer. For four yeara tha Second Empire's matador has beea whipping and . soarifying ConBtaris ; of lata Rochefort preferred three distinct and grave accusations against his onomy, well document 6, aa contemporary historians would say, that merited the trouble of being rof ntod in a oourt of law. Not doing so oast a upas shade over the Minister. Then 'came tho pugilistia assault by the Senator-Minister in full Chamber on the Boulganist. deputy, Laur. It required no ghost from tho grave to prodiot that the astute do Freyoinot would avail him self of tho- first serious dofeat to resign ; his succossor would lay M. Constans, that which has been done. \- It was on the' olorieal question, ohaotioally dcvolopcd, that M.: do Freyoinot' Bolectod to retire— wholly to tho TVar 1 Office.; Sonator Louhet, ngod 54, neither a oelobrity nor yet a common plnee man, took up' the running. Ho is Already at grips with tho olsrioal question, and the monarchial and republican extremists. M. Ribot oommittod the error of soliciting the Pope to send an cnoyolioal letter to tho Fronoh Episoopacy, recommending them not to annoy the 'republic, but tako the gifts the gods pro vided for them1 In tho shape' of tho present con- titutioD.- The Radicals are furious at this interference' of the foreigner in the homo affairs of Franco, nnd th'o mora so, when that foreigner is, -they/say; tho historical, tho natural, and the implacable adversary of tho conquests of tho Revolution.: If tho cardinals and bishops ihsurgo, apply to them tho Concordat ; but, add they, tho Concordat has no penalties, lionoe, do- nonnoe it, and recast tho common law so as to hring clearly within its clutches tho religious associations; Now it is on tho now clerical legislation that Frcmior Loubot will bo wrooked. No one expects his Minfetiy will bo long lived. It has a stop gap charaotor only. Bat it has tills in its favor, thatanothcr Ministerial crisis would redder' all unity bctwocn tho sopnraled Re publicans impossible, and might lead to tho resignation of M. Carnot. Besides, the country is not coaohed up on the subjcot of separation of Church and State, and, above all, it abhors roligious rows. M. Loubot is a hard working legislator, a plodder rather than an originator ; he is as obstinato as a' Broton, and as stubborn as an Auvorgnat. His Cabinet is cnllod tho " Nougat Ministry," bedduso the nativo town of M. Loubet is Mon- tiilimar (Drflme), whoso industrial speciality is the manufacture of nougat. Tho now Minister of Justice has been nieknamod tho Belle -Fatma, from bis oleaginous manners, mosherism : and seduotivo , attractions, . like the Tunisian Belle Falma, that thrives at the cafiSs, concerts and the dancing saloons. ' Tho now tariff is silently nnd steadily' running up prices.1 Every week Bonio food necessary augments by a few sous, that, will , make a'diB- agreeably' painful total at the end of the. year j and . the worst is, tradesmen follow the ascen- Bibnal march of tho markets ; they must charge dearer for, their work, as. they have to pay more for food. The immediate pressure of tho ohango is moat felt on meat,, food; The restaurants have already taken time by tho foroloak. Either the masses most become vegetarians,' or ; fall book on horse, ass and mulo flosh. Many have been converted to the lattor aliment; the biggest success of the season has been the hippbphaio banqnet, followed by a hippophaio ball, where no lady would be 'admitted if sho was ; not prepared to eat a horse Hash sandwich, or a ' savory wafer ' slice of' mule ham, or jackass sirtbln. A'quarter of a century ago,, when horso first , figured among plain joints on dinner tables, the horse 'butchers and their Bbambles wore as inuoh isolated as a Ghetto quarter in: a Christian city; journals apologised for publishing paragraphs respecting them. Well, in 1891, the equine' butchers sold meat in Paris alone for 3,500,000 f.; and one purveyor' is now'a municipal councillor, and has opened a horBq soup kitohon for the indigent. Who knows but that : he might yet become a Prime Minister? M. Tirard was n clock maker, and proved a'fair1 nil round chief of a Cabinet. Minister of Financo Rouvior wns a commercial traveller. : ' Tho moat supply Parisian's want is mutton and the primest morsels ' of hoof. Duval, who performs twice n day the miraclo of feeding 10,000 persons in his 40 tavorns, requires 100 sheep a day to supply him with legs of mutton arid' loin outlets. Th'o French sheep are too smalt for his needs;' his olionts dislike their flesh, not being jnioy, a ml recalling string and parch ment. -Helms immense refrigerating apparatuses for preserving carcases of sheep if lie could only obtain them. Could not Australia " advnnco " him somo spooimon saddles and legs ? Ho is an enterprising man, and his mothor is reputed to havo'tho best businoss head in France. 'French colliers are. becoming uneasy; they await with' a next ' to breathless anxiety the result of the -English colliers' movements. to seoure augmented wages and reduced toiling hours, by, limiting the output of tbo Blaok Indies, force hp .prices, 'mulct tho consumer, bleed colliery , proprietors : accordingly, aiid so recoup wages, lost i by, tho period of suspended labor. Of. course, wlien ithatprinclple of uni versal solidarity becomes - 'general, it will be the . worker \ who "will" legislate for tho . commonweaHh,v and , ' not capitalists, or tho ordinary .governing classes couche. English ooai : has already' run up in prioe 8 per cent. ; this, apart from' tho upward kick given to the combnstihlc by'tho now teriff. The timu is drawing nigh; when humanity, miist live in com mon liko. the, Spartans.; the nssooidtion kitchens aiid washhousos will certainly lend to the con tract 'foodirig of ' peoples. In the Jnrdin d'Acclimatation poultry is reared or, fattened for clients at the, low rata of 11 oentimes por day ; tho boaidcd ont barndoor fowls look lovoly. The UrbaineOab ' Company's strike has col lapsed ; tho' ; company "hns woh ; ' tho . striko lasted nearly two months, and 1500 .men on an average; remained out, Tiro company ;was; sup ported by the other cnb proprietors, as tho- drivers of the latter assisted the strikers.' The company lost ; 2,500,000 . f, '."of ' earnings, and the men; nearly ' 1,500,000 f. of wages, while thoir r , sustaincrs contributed to i the cause "136,000 = f. Andthe disputants' have arrived at tho very results that could have boon obtained -attire outset. It only demonstrates that no partial, striko oan.over succeed. It. is the principle of Outran, '.-and the , fleas in -tbo hotel bed1 whore lie slept. Had they been only unanimous 'they b'ouid have turned him out, Tho flood of orimo continues to mount. It is useless describing the liorriblo deeds perpe trated. Murders' nre characterised by refined end ingenious ..' cruelty , combined with an insoKcmiicc tliiiF makes | b'olief- in' tho reforma tion of tho depraved next to ; impossible. And noto, the crimes are' eommitted' by tho young, whose examination demonstrates the oxtinotion Of all morality in their being. They have no conscience to sting them ; they dread no punish ment; they have no terror of the guillotine, tonvert .suoh animalism to; humanity if you can. In n recent murder,, a father had bis little boy witnessing how his "awful dad "slew on old woman for., her money bags. That's leaching the: young, idea how to, shoot with a ycngcanco. M. Daubrco has'rond before tho Academy of oiencra a most . important paper by M. o and, a mining ongineor, on well boring in I e Sahara.,... It is on tho soiitherii: frontier of I Ecria that riio wells are successfully sunk.'' I Wt tn hL C" to 41,0 the exact sheet nf >. the subterranean found mV th0 Mtor i3 invariably The natives call him "Moses." Aus- tralians, being in -the, agricultural sense thirsty t0 nr«. i£ ouohwero tho Fri w' oakm ' to keep an Argns eye on French plans for slaking land thirsts. mm P. Wa caaea havo numbered 143 in 1891, against 61 in 1800, for Paris and its departments, following pblioo statistics.' M. nsteur has been requested to oxamino the report sent to the Home Minister. Tho lnw is Draconian; nnd was voted at tho instigation of. Easteur. respecting wandering' dogs-kill them when encountered, and they are destroyed wthontmercy; 402 inlTOl as compared with <500 m the previous year. In the suburban vil- logos the owner of a dog, when derided not to koep .tho, animal, slips its ohain, and tho dog1 invariably follows tlio traffio mitea to tho capital, whero it can pass during tho night into eoity. . k the day timotho revonuo officers shoot down all wandoring dogs trying to steal during crowded business hours into Paris. \- The; Paris .tribunals are blocked with law suits. There aro 12,000 waiting to be heard and nearly 4000 portly heard. Sdme of the cases cannot come on for trial within threo years at least, Tho law's delays will thus give litigants time to reflect and to come down. More courts and judge's aro demanded, and a hotter diatribu-, tion of the oases, so as to give justices of tho pcoco power to decido them; Business commences to look up, nnd prepiira- tions aro active for the Chicago ."World's Fair, whero France intenda to take blue ribbons. Her exhibits will havo this novelty— that of boing largely contributed by women, and in the soction of social economy she will give a good account of praotical work. 