THE CONTRIBUTOR. THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE PLATYPUS CLUB. LEdited by Penguin. 1 The members always have a great and glorious time when they dine with the Doctor (remarked Jubb a3 he placed my soup before me). On Wednesday evening they met at his house, and as he is a perfect host the proceedings were most enjoyable. The Doctor ha6 the faculty of drawing his guests out in a remarkable degree. Each one seems to consider it a requirement that he should justify his presence by reciprocating in the mental entertainment as far as lie able. There are no shyness, no self-depreciation, no suspicious distrust of each other's sincerity—no " uncom fortableness" as I might say—on such occasions. Every one is en rapport with his surroundings. The man who can produce this delightful condition of mind in his guests is a rarity; but he does exist, and we have a splendid specimen of him in the Doctor. All the members of the club were present. After dinner there was some witty crossing of blades, with a good deal of light humour, fleecy and sweet as the snowflake on trifle pudding; and anon the conversation got more satisfying, and yet it retained a due appreciation of the beautiful withal. To follow the simile and quote Gilbert I might say it reminded one of the tender bloom on cold gravy. And then, as the fragrant, rosy wine went round, the company became more mellow, and arrived at poetry. I think, despite their individual dissimilarity of intellect, the members are all poets at heart, and I discovered that a larger number of them thumb the seraphic lyre of Apollo than I had suspected of doing so. [Somehow I fancy that Jubb writes verses himself. I said nothing, but listened attentively to the continuation of his narrative.] The Lawyer asked the Doctor to read them a sonnet of his own, which he (the Lawyer) had heard of from a young lady. The Doctor at once cheerfully complied, and gave the following ;— On Burning a Letter. Above the lapel's pyramid of light I hold her farewell lines, and see the teeth Of flame gnaw inward from the marge. Beneath A host of sooty flakes—a sorry sight Droop sadly down. I watch their noiseless flight As they sink wrinkled on the cold, bare ground, And a heap of cinders dead, a dreary mound, Whilst I sit lonely in the silent night. In ashes black shrinks up my once warm heart; The joys of life are gone, the woes remain. In rain 1 seek for comfort from above. Butlo! between my finger-tips a part Of her last tearful note I still retain, Half-scorched, but bearing still the words, " I love." The members discussed this for some minutes, and the talk passed on to the sonnets of Wordsworth, whose power seems to grow with study, and to those of Shakspeare, whose divine music lingers upon us like a spell. The change from the narrative of the first octave to the subdued, sad key of the concluding sestette in the Doctor's attempt brought up quotations from Leigh Hunt. The Doctor readhisown lines with great feeling. I'm half inclined to think it means more than a mere bit of literary gymnastics to him. The Wanderer evidently thought the sentimental element required a cor rective, and therefore he volunteered to read a little thing he had knocked to gether during a dull hour in Melbourne last week. He called it Allowing for the Wind. (A Topical Song.) "You have sot allowed for the wind, Hubert,' said Locksley, "or that had been a better shot."— Ivauboe, Chap. xiii. When bold Bobin Hood roamed in merry Sherwood, His quiver and bow slang behind, His archer skill trying he'd shoot a buck flying, Because he allowed for the wind, The wind; He always allowed for the wind. If you'd joumey through life without worry or strife This maxim keep strictly in mind In every transaction be wary in action, And always allow for the wind, The wind; Be sure you allow for the wind. Landbooniere make sure theyll big fortunes secure Wb^a-in Syndicates tbey go it blind; How tbelr foolish hopes dwindle when bung goes the swindle I Tbey didn't allow for tbe wind, The wind; Tbey wouldn't allow for tbe wind. If tbe girl yon would win has, they say, lots of tin, By all means have the settlements signed; But keep the wife's dower within her own power— Shell be sure to allow for the wind, The wind: Ton won't need to allow for the wind. If the piece you're in draws, to win public applause Ton sometimes to gag are inclined; Don't strike out too wudly, but just draw it mildly; Good actors allow for the wind, The wind; Watch the house and allow for tbe wind. There's Jimmy Munro, great financier we know. To leave a big surplus designed. He said, " You can't miss it;" but Berry's deficit Shows Jim.don't allow for the wind, The wind; Jim seldom allows for tbe wind. Sir Graham the Knight's in a terrible plight; A million he wants, and can't find; All day long be racks his poor brain for fresh taxes, But canx raise, nor allow for, the wind, The wind; Sir Graham can not raise tbe wind. Wine, whisky, and beer, he has made them so dear That cola water we drink when we've dined. He says we don't grudge it to makeup his Budget To raise and allow for the wind. The wind; To aid Berry in raising the wind. H you'd journey through life without worry or strife This maxim keep strictly in mind— In every transaction be wary in action, And always allow for the wind, The wind; And always allow for tbe wind. The Wanderer's effort started a chat on Music Hall songs, and several lively remi niscences of evenings at the Pavilion, the Criterion, the Aquarium, and other haunts of bygone days were supplied. It tran spired that two songs which were popular in London a few years ago were written by a member of the Club. The Poet next gave the following:— SMOKE. Puff! puff! And the smoke from my pipe forms a cloud, As it curls in the air, And encircles my chair, It looks like a newly-spun shroud. The lingering traces Form mystical faces, Lit up by the fire's ruddy glow, And images faint, Of forms fair and quaint, Which dissolve in the air as they go. Puff! puff! And my fancy rolls on like the smoke, Ever Sitting and roaming Like bats in the gloaming, Fresh fancies the dying invoke. There are spectres, and ghosts, And goblins in hosts, There are faces from out the dim past, There are fairies, and elves, And devils themselves. Each hurrying after the last. Puff! puff! Whilst the embers burn low in the grate, And still never heeding Bach fancy succeeding, I note not the hour getting late; Till my pine I put by vitunalf-c And with half-closing eye, One last face in the smoke I can see; And for ever and aye, Tho' the smoke float away, Will that face sadly liDger near me. The Iconocla6t professed a thickness of understanding about the face that lingered sadly, and asked, in a tone .of well simulated innocence, whether people got delirium tremens from tobacco as well as from alcohol. He smoked away pensively, though, while the Poet was reading, and I know he felt, from experience, that the verses drew a picture of a certain mood that most smokers are familiar with. The Naturalist next read a rhyme, which he called " Lines to a Babbit; written in a Country Churchyard." " Gray ?" asked the Professor. "No ; a kind of whitey-brown," replied the Lawyer. " A JKwicyard Whitey-Browning tinge, maybe !" said the Statesman . "Order/" said the Doctor; and the Naturalist read this :— Lacking all the mild amusement That your weary traveller craves, Here I find enough inducement Wandering among tbe graves; Townships frequently are smitten With Pompeian lonelinesB, And in such a case 'tis written " Of two evils choose the less." !)own the hill the cooling breath of Morning creeps, the grass to fan, While I stroll and read the death of Brother Jobn and Mary Ann; And I'm half-inclined to wonder Whether, like a Queen of May,' John and Mary Ann hereunder. Know I'm walking on their clay. While the speculative habit Takes the bit and hurries on, Near my feet up starts a rabbit Like a wraith, and, lo! 'tis gone. Impious beast, to bait and burrow, Heedless of the sacred dead, In this home of tears and sorrow! Maledictions on thy head! Stay! Thou art the Maker's creature! I will take my curses back. Better thou than yonder teacher, Prosing in his coat of black Of the awful Stygian river. And the meads of asphodel, Where the shadowy forms for ever - Hurry down the path of hell. Mixing sulphur slag for others Is some fellows' only joy. I would not, dear friends and brothers, Bob you of such sweet employ; Bale it up in pot and ladle. Pour it out in ghoulish glee Over all, from grave to cradle, But don't splash it over me. Bunny! When I'm calmly lying Cabin'd in this last of cribs, And the worms are bent on ttying Steeplechases through my nbs— When my hopes and fears are over. All my weariness and care, If you are a careless rover On my grave, you're welcome there. there be no stone of marble Graven with flapdoodle lies; Leave it to the birds to warble Any lauding threnodies. Theirejare songs that never flatter. Ever sweet and true and glad; Over all they chirp and chatter, For we sdl are good and bad. These same songs will suit exactly Both my enemies and friends. Though the first may paint me blackly, Yet the last will make amends; These will hold that I am soaring Harp in hand through azure air, Those, that I'm beneath the flooring, And as hot as I can bear. You could tell me all about it, Brother John and Mary Ann, And, as I'm inclined to doubt it As a very tinpot plan, I should like to have a minute With you both, to clear it up. But your place, when once you're in it, Ne'er again its door will dup. Each must be his own explorer Through the Valley's unknown maze; This has even been a floorer In these scientific days: But you. Maty, cannot tell me, Though you be in realms above, More than every flower can spell me— That our Maker's name is £oye. Bunny, stay t I'll softly whistle To you; we shall yet be friends; And this crisp and milky thistle For abuse shall make amends! I'm no squatter Then a sexton, Hidden by a thictoet shrub, Said—"Don't be afeard you've vext 'un, He's a tame an from the publ" The old waiter folded up his notes and replaced them in his pocket-book. I thanked him for the entertaining half hour I had spent, and told him that I much appreciated what I had heard. "Are you fond of poetry, sir?" he asked. "Yes, Jubb." "Really, sir? I have a little thing of my own here" I placed a gratuity in his hand, and walked absent-mindedly away. 