•HOW . THIS ;••• qTjBSjaom, : . pdztefor ^i^diimw. or to have au> pinner leasedinthW »»y; wpjathar hava tfio much food withontanypcfa^CT* i j j ^ ^ afimner, Iwca^jiiteftW lll wait from had been signalman all at once, so to speak, I did nr t feel myself. My month tasted ><ad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to pat it in. that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another* and none w: w good. - My tongue was coated and ^fnrred, wiih-a dark line down the middle and yellow fur'round it. My breath waB effermve and my appetite poor, with puns through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before 1 had. eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would ga'her so it felt like a ball in my throat-, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that nnder the*e circumstances our friend failed to 4o justice h> his meala. He adda that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation " at his heart, as though it w re touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spisma, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. "1 _ dreaded/':rhe--Fays, -"the thought -of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. ' "After a 'time I got into a-low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if omething was going to happen, and this nsed me to lose a good deal of sleep " What he means hy the fesr of "somehing going to happen ".-is of coarse, the ear of some calamity, such as the loss of his wition. hia ow»» death, or the death of omebody dear to him. This n its dae, as he ntimates, to the impoverished state of hia blood (the lifebearei), hia unstrung nerves, and to the brain .enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night" of tHs form of i>lnms is always fall of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and nngovcrned imagination. i^i'hiP'Mt difficulty," he save •', I stuct' i v. wntkrforlima i»ifc »»<LfaiBny4B^ itnjiing on .me. F0 I^trngEledm, bnt what . soffered for orer two years is past my; powers of d^cription. -I am sure so suffVurd 6o murh as I have done." '" In the hitter statement he is undoubtedly wrong- One's own pain is one's own, and is' always harder to bear than is one's notion of liis neighbour's pain. There is a connt'ess multitude who arc alt the while going through the same wretched experience, only, we don't happen to come in touch with, thrm. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all mefJical treatment had left him where it fonnd him he chanced to read in a book a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. "My wife."-he £aya. " got me a bottle at Mr LsngstofiTs, in Wordles r ord, and after using its contents the ailment left me and his l never returned since that fortunite day. T shonld like the whole world to know what it di«l for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) " GEQHGK HCST, "Oar Bottom Uo»d, " Appcriy Bridge, near Leeds." We pnhli«h this by Mr Hunt's desire, - in order that part of the world at large may know how thaukfal he is and for what reason. 