Fernbrook's Double. fCOPYRIOUJ.] A Romance of Maoriland. Bt Atha Wbstbury. CHAPTER XIII.— Continued. Overhead the, myrtle stands out green and fragrant, from whioh comes the veapor of many birds. The novoliat has anchored himself by the sido of the young ? lady during ths walk, and has played Romeo like a man who has a pirt quite unsuited to him. Ho has carried on a lusuaue oi siuaii wik wunout evun au much aj casting a glance at her to satisfy himself whother sho is fair or dark, tall or short. When ho does look at her, he u surprised at the wonderous charm and beauty of hor person. To a man of Lyndhurst's enthusiastic yearning for the beautiful, a handsomo woman had its attraction ; but his admiration wont no further than the mere gratification which b aucy ever gives to the eye of anrartist. In Maud Carlington, howovor, ho found himself face to face with something I'.vHor and noble than common beauty. To one who imagined he had turned the world inside out, like an old glove, and found nothing of freshnoss or innoconce in It for him, the sight of this fair, pure, girlish face, looking up at him in guiltless enjoyment, made him draw a deep breath of gladness, as if ho felt himsolf in a purer atmosphere than tho air of his every day existence. Tho complexion is not fair, but has that fresh bloom which oomes of an open-air life ; the eyes aro grey, so dark that, till they turn and meet his own, Alton thinks them black ; tho hair darkest brown and superabundant, tor the thick plaits coiled closely at tho head are innocent of padding. Franker, fairer faci! never smiled upon mankind. No dang.«rovfe fascination here — nothing of the siriMi or the coquette in this young Knglish nnidon — no ' history ' in her ;-lad young life. Tho novelist has plenty (if time to study the faco of his companion as they wond their way ovor tho heights of Santo Carlo. As a woaver of romanco, hois inturally a student of humanity. Ho lu'l;.- at this girl thoughtfully, almost U'vornuuv. To his fancy she seems tho very pint of rustic innocence — not the innocL'iioe of tho milkmaid, or shepher dess, but of a damsel of lofty race, simple ns IVrJita, high-bred as Rosalind. Sho is certainly beautiful, more abso lutely beautiful than ho had believed her at first. The dark, rich hair, which waves a littles at tho tomples ; tho pencilled eyebrow, tho noble modelling of ' tho mouth and chin might satisfy the most exacting critic. Tliero is mind in that young face. ' I was so pleased to hear irom Mr. Warne. that you aro the Mr. Lyndhurst,' she Baid, somewhat slowly. ?'' tKfe author whose books have given us so much ploasure.' The novelist pauses, surprise depicted on every feature of his faco. ' I \va3 not awaro that my poor effus ions had travelled so far,' he responds, quietly. 'I am proud to thiiik that our . antipodean ideas aro worthy of persual, however.' 'Fame like truth, will have placo,' sho answered gaily. ' By tho way, do you know a certain Colonel Langrovo of Mount Tapea V ' Know him t Why tho colonel is one of my most intimate friends1!' cries tho other, 'He is also my uncle,' replies Maud Carlington. 'For somo years we have had our regular monthly mail from the '-, Mount/' ' With all its Now Zealand gossip, newspapers, magazines, etc,' interrupted Alton, laughing. , i 'Truly so. Mamma, who i'b a tro lnendou's reader, devours a box full of literature every mail. I know sho is not I fond of novels generally, but sho read I your Fermlale Rome twice over, and was I so delighted with it that I, being a wo I man, and having a woman's reigning I vice— curiosity — must needs peruse it, aa I a matter of course.' I ' Ah 1 if vanity had sway with mo, I I should bo tempted to say that the pervail I io« malady of women had smitten mo, I M133 Carlington,' he answered, banter I ingly. ' Men aro always curious to I know— 1 mean espeoially literary men — I what reception tho airy creations of thoir I brains may have at tho hands of those 1 who read and attempt to anatomise I them.' ? Sho turns a shy, upward glanco at H him, half serious, half arch. I 'I cannot lay claim to any subtle dis ? Bection in tho matter of fiction,' sho ? nays, quietly. ' Your story is not like ? tho majority of th« books which I have ? read.' W- ' Why, pray t' ' Because tho characters appear so real and lifo-like. Men and women who have suiferod and sinned, and the sinning and the suffering, with Its briof alternate ?. gleam of sunshine, aro so vivid, that whon I you have reached tho end of it all, you lay down tho work and wonder whethor j this can bo purely imagination.' Alton Lyndhurst opens wido his oyo3 in astonishment. Wero it not for tho t'lad, girlish expression on her younij, fresh face ho would accopt her words as M'eatost flattery. . - ?? 1 did not know that young ladies of tho nrosont day — with their aohools, ';hoir. village poor, thoir houso *eeP'ngi gardening, church going, oporas vml what not— hud timo to study modorn romance,' he aiiHwcra, after a Ion-* pause. 'Poriiapn it i3 because of onois Jiumcr.ius duties tl.at a -juiot hour's road 'n: 'a all tho muro enjoyablo,' sho ro ?ponda. 'Ah, Miss Cnrlington, you livo only to 1-- Kood to oUk:W. My ambition is but ?orry a business mine, in comparison,' ho says, with a deop sigh. No suror, straighter way to a woman1* heart than self depreciation. Maud Oar: lington turn* a look at his thoughtful faco. From that raoraont she is interested in him. ' Fame has boon, and ever will bo tho nobloal ambition of man,'1 she responds, with jua» tbo faintnst tinge of a blush rising to her Iae«. 'Who would be groat amongst the mass save those who bad aspired to fame ?' ' Trtw, yet there is no highor name than Grace Darling's amony Englishmen. This lady owes her renown to her heroic acts, not to genius. Uome,' said ho with a bitter laugh, ' you woro praising my book just now. Would you like to have written it ?' ' Nay,' she answers, raiding hor oan- ain eyes to nia. 'To have wntton such a book, I must have suffered — must have knoTn the agony and the throes of some groat sorrow. Providence has given me a, happy life among good pooplo. I would not have your genius at the cost of your experience.' Alton Lyndhurst laughs outright. ' To bo a good delineator of human nature, ono must know the worst aide .of it ?' ho asks, evasively. 'A painter must first receivo the im pression of his picture, e'ro his brush translate it on the canvas. It is jijSt the sama in letters a3 in art,' she answers. ' Then you do leave a margin for im agination V ' Yes, but I over boar in mind the old adage that ' truth is strangor thanfic - tion.' Your work of puro imagery is as a body without a soul, a lamp without light.' 'lam amazed, Miss Cirlington,1' ho says, with a smile. 'D.j you boliovo Tennyson really felt tho depths of sorrow depicted in his wierd 'In Mjmo riam.' 11 Why not?'* she asks, wich a frank look full upon his faco. 'Who shall measurn tho petulant grief ovon of a child. The reason why I lovo to road the poet lauerato is becau3Q I foel better and braver aftor it, for he raises tho whole tone of one's being. I beliovo tho greatest aid to Tennyson's penius 'has boon his sympathetic suffaring with man kind.' Alton sighs, and is silent. lu abstracted mood ho follows his fair companion whorevorsho may load. They go slowly downward into a ver dant hollow wlioro the ruins of an old temple — lichen darkened with mosses and ferns hides its mouldered Btones. lSy the ruined column thoy cross a rustic bridge, and stray far along tho bank of tho watercourse — yellow with rushes, water lilies, and a profusion of forgot-me- nots, pink and blue. Here thoy talk of many things, of books, of pictures, eminent men, boauti ful women, and lastly of M.iud C irliny ton hersolf. Sha is an only child, the last of a raca who own Heath Grange, an old place away down in tho West Riding of Yorkshire — half monastery, half castle. The gront Gothic pile is like a royal palace, shut in by dense forest lauds, which sholtcr in their recesses tho dun doer, and the grey herons by its pools. Around its ancient walls, the rents made by the polronols of tho Ironsides aro still visible Befora tho Plantagenets the Carlingtons of Heath Grange held high office in the State. In tho olden days tfio Gr^ingo had born the storm, and basked in tho Bunshine of the over-revolving wheel of fortune. High nobles had made it tho audience plucs for kings. One of its rooms had held tho captive queca — Mary Stuart. It had been tho favorite haunt of Court beauties . where thoy had read the last hon mot of my Lord Rochester. Tho late descendant of the old Norman family, Cecil C.irlington was a colonel of the Lancers, and the best swordsman in the British army. He perishod in Scindo, at the head of his regiment, whilo Maud was only an infant in long clothes. The old Grange liad been dooply mort gagod e'er Colonel C.irlingtou's timo, and was now to pass away for ovor into tho hands of strangers. ' And the old house will see you no more,' says tho novolist. ' No more I' echoes tte girl, with a far off look in her dark oyoi. 'From henee forth New Zealand is to be our homo. My mother has given a promise to join her brothor at Mount Tapoa.' 'Do you go at once,' asks Alton Lyudhurst. 'Notynt! My uncle will join us at Naples. Wo aro journeying thither to await him,' she responds. Thoy aro interrupted by another bevy of tho party, who j n'n them, and tho whole mako thoir way to tho placo appointed as fcho rendezvous. By tho time thoy have had another ro froBhor of tea it is quito d-irk— but up comes tho round, full moon, ai tho ? Prince had depicted, to light them homo. Tho walk is delightful. Tiio old gables of Del Grado appuar in viow much too soon for somo of them. 'Good night, Mr. Lyndhurst,' ' Good night, Miss Darlington.' And so ondod a day \vll)chhad boon all too delightful and was destined to bo fraught with undro itned-of rosult3 to more than onrt of tho party. Tho novolist is tired, but ho dons not retire to rest. Tlio morning found him musing — ponle:-::i ; yet. Ho will stfj her ngiiu — Miud, of tho rose garden — with hor uloar out faco, not pjrolid. but s'.vcut. lli.ic.in fancy such a fiica growing hivrdonod with pride — growing fixed a* marulo were her mind outraged, tho Btrong sonso of right as.inili.-d, or tii.: c iniompt for meanness once aroused within her. Ho has boon with her but half a do/.an short noura— nay, not so mu-ih, Yut the knowledge of her character has crowded into his ut most heart, to bo thoro rooted, as if ho CHAPTER XtV. AT LAST. Peter Dusk, the deteotivo, eat in his room overlooking tho Grand Canal, and smoked until he had. envoloped himsblf as in a thick mist. It was his invariable practice to smoke furiously while, working- out any mentnl problem. It must have been a knotty point at issue, for though it was early morning, he had consumed several manillas ovor the subject, and that subject was nono othor than the escape of a madman from the asylum of a private madhouse in the city. By that queer method known best to his caste, of tracking crime and its perpetra tors through their mmifold labyrinths, Peter Dusk had found his man, only to loso him the next day. It seemed strange indoed that Fern brook, Mauprat, or whatever name tho master of tho Barrier Rock was known by, should be disco\ercd in a mad-house in Venice. But so it was. The dotective had. given no explanation as to how he had discovered the clue that led his steps to the asylum. It was sufficient for him that one of the lunatics therein was the person ho had tracked half round the known globe. There was no mistaking the original to the photograph, which had guided the officer nil through his long patient Bearoh; the simplost noodle would have recog nized the likeness in an instant. The poor patient, with his great black eyes ablaze, pleaded hard with his country man to set him free, but the deteo tivo only shook liia hoad in nffootod pity. Once without tho walls of the mad house, Dusk hiiggod himself in momen tary triumph. At last he had run his man to earth — had him safo under lock and key. To-morrow hU employers should seo Fornbrook fjr them selves. They wont on the morrow — Warne, Lyndhurst, and tho smiling terrible limb of tho law. But he thoy wont to soo had gono— escaped, and loft not tho ghost of a cluo behind him. The sceptical novelist l.iu^hud at tho whole nffair. 'I'm afraid you'vo boon working tn- hard in this case,' tuy friend,' hu said in a kind w.iy to the crust fallen ruiuior from Scotlind Yard. 'I cannot but admire tho tact and skill displayed in your trac ing tho doings of F.irnbrojk nn-1 his friends, but whon you nlHnn that ho is hero, in a lunatic asylum in Venice, I be;: to differ with you. Except Htl:on Fern brook has tho power of Asmodeus at hi3 back, and can transfer himself from one hemisphere to another with tho speed of thought, I oannot see how it is possible lio can bo in this city. Beudo3 did not the .Master of Dul Middilino say this sulf samo person had been confined there for over three ybars ? How can you reconcile that statemont with your theory that tho poor wretch was the Master of Fern brook ?' Poter Dusk disdained to arguo, but he ransacked the old Venetian city from St. Murk to El Perdo for tho escapoo. It was of no avail, howovor ; thero '.vas no more cluo to be had of him than if tho oarih liad gaped and sw.illowod him up. Whon all the questioning and search ing was ended. Peter Dusk had gono.over to DjI Grade for further order.-*, but Warne and his companion had departed for London. So tho detective smokod and reflected, and tho more ho smoked and cogitated tho morn puzzled ho bocamo over tho whole affair. 'That Mr. Lyndhurst was perhaps right alter all,' he muttorod, apostrophis ing the tablo. '? I don't seo how a man can possibly be in two places at the samo timo. Thoy say this Hilton Fornbrook is still in New Zealand — was at tho opera a matter of only six woeks ago. How then oan tho man whom I saw in the madhouso be ho? Yet, if this is a strik ing likenoss of the man I was sent after, I'll swear the escaped lunatic is either tho devil or the convict Mauprat. Humph ! lot mo think I' Thore was no ono to hinder him think ing out the question in all its subtlo bearings, and it took him somo timo ero ho was woary of it. The little marble clock over tho mantlo piece ohiming noon aroused him. 'Ah, well, I can't see my way now,' he resumed, in that quiint fashion of talking to himself. ' I'll not givo in though, not I. If that mndinnn bo alive and abovo ground, I'll find him — though I don't bolieve ho'a a bit mid. A crazy .fellow would not havo nclod or°- spoken as he did. It's no use staying hero. The f How's an Englishman and he'll make for London. All sorts and conditions of nion hido thomselves eithor there or in Paris. If ho goes to one or tho other I'm certain to hunt him out. I'll pack up and be off and try London first.' It doos not tako him long to put his decision into execution. A steamer is found ready for sailing, and Peter Dusk takes a passage in her. ? It is a cold, windy evening that finds him on the slippery pavement of the Strand. Instead of wondiug his way to the offico of the Minories, tho detective goos straight to his lodgings in Ludgato, and comes forth again within the hour' quito transformed in outward appoarauoe. Calling a cab he drives towards Temple Bar. 'If this man's in London, he'll have a peep at the theatre,' ho says to himsulf, ' Rogues or lunatios, it's all tho same. Aa soon as they're let ont of the oage, they aro drawn to the playhouse as if by magic ? I'll begin with tho theatres.' Dismissing the trap, ho walk3 down to tho Adolphi, and paying his shilling as cends to tho gallory, where he can soe almost every person in tho house. A few minutes suffios to convince him that the oscaped madman is not amongst tho audieuco horo. From the Adelphi Poter Dusk goei to Drury Lino. Instead of mounting tho gallery ho tnkos a Boat in. tho.dreu oiiolo, and looki crowding the placo. Awny out. yonder near the Htage, in the pit, the detective auddnnly- sees tho man ho iB looking for; Thero is no mistaking that proud, d*rk Spanish-like face, with 'the short cropped, black hnir, and moustache: Tho man is leaning indolon-ly ngiinfat tho stago-b -x, (yet deeply intont upon the performance), nnd-is dressed in a suit ot sober tweed. Before tho scene h concluded Peter DliBk.has taken a se.it beside tho man. in the pit,, and has aitiafied himself , beyond the smallest shadow of a doubt that ho is the escaped lunatio from 'Dili Madi-' lino.' 'Fine play, my friond.' The man t'irns and looks the Scotland Yird runner full in the faco. 'It is a graud performance,' he re sponds slowly, and in a rich manly voice, that had a tone of melnnoholy in it. 'But it is badly mounted. In Franco they attend to those things more so than in England.' ' You aro not a Frenchman, sir ?'' 'No,' replied the stranger, smiling. 'Nor yet an Englishman ; I may say that I am a cosmopolitan, having ' travelled some,' as they say in Amerioa. ' 'Are you an American ?' ft ' You aro'ourious. my friend,' said the other, good-humourcdly. 'In France, and even in the United States, they hare a rulo in society called etiquette, which means that rude questions are deserving rude answers. If you are inclined to learn my nationality, I may tell you. that I have none. I repeat, I am a cosmopo litan.1' 'Beg pardon,' said tho detective, hastily. ' It struck me I had seon you beforo somewhere.' ? ' You wora a stricken deor, my friend, for thinking so,' responded the other. 'Wu cannot possibly have mot be fore.' ' I think we have,1' cried tho detec tive. Thero was a swift flash In the black nyea, ns thoy turned with sudden and suspicious look' to tho fnco of thn spenker. ' Indo'jd, sir I Whero?'he asked, quickly. ' Havn you courngo to accompany mo to the vostibulo, and I will tell you there !' ' Why not tell me hero 1' replied thn iitln-r with some disdain. ? ' 1 have a reason, which I will givo you also, if you will adjourn with mo.' 'Piny, lead the way j I am at your service.' Not anothor word was ipoken until the p-.ir roached a small room, adjoining tho saloon bar. 'Now, sir,' said the stranger, 'seating himself. 'Tell me where yon and I havo mot before.' 'At the Del Madilino, in the cily of Venice,' criod Dusk. If a pistol bullet had gone through the body of the man, then and there, he could not havo evinced greater surpriso, IIo stared at the detective in blank amass ment for fully a minute, ? 'Pray, who are you 1' ho said, at length. 'I may answer after your fashion, and reply, I'm a cosmopolitan.' 'You saw mo in a mad-house in Venice?' asked the other in a vacant wuy. 'Yes! tho Del Madilino. a private asylum, governed by one Dr. Dotti Nico lino.' Thi other replied not, but gripped the back of his chair with a convulsive clutch. 'It is not many days Binoe I was in Venice on buainoss. I had occasion to visit Dr. Nicolini's establishment. I saw you there.' 'I remember you now,' responded the other, after a pause, in whioh he had recovered from his surprise^ ' You have disguised yourself, but I recognizo your voico.' 'I'm glad of that,' said the dotective coolly. ' Now tell me how you escaped from Del Madilino 7' The man laughed. 'Siill inquisitive,' he said, with mild irony in his tone. 'Aro you intorestod my friond?' 'Perhaps.' ' Well the story^is too long, and I'm not in the humor to talk much.' 'How if i' land you in gaol, and send you baok to Venice ?' inquirod Dusk. ' My good sir, you are evidently in a fog ra.specting tho law of England con cerning lunatics, nnswered iho strangor with a smile. ' First, you will havo to prove that I am insane ; second, that I escaped from a mad- house.' ' Did you not oaoape?' 'That is another question, my friend..^,-. Fistor* Dusk reflectod a moment. Ho felt that he had no lunatic to doal with in the person of this stranger. ' What if I send for Dr. Nioolini, and prove your idontity ?' said the deteo tive. 'Tho mad doctor cannot prove my idontity. Besides ho dare not set foot in London.' 'Dare not 1' 11 1 repeat — dare not.' ' Why, pray 7' inquired Dusk. , 'My friend, questions seem to ba your forte, but I am not inclined to answer them. If you have any busiuossMvith me, pray come to it at onoe, for I wish to soo the play out.' 'Do not bo in a hurry,' aaid Dusk, placing his back to the door. 'Do. you know who I am?' 'No, nor do I care.' 'I am Peter Dusk, from Sootlund Yard.' ' Indeed, and pray, Mr. Dusk, what ia that to me ?' 'Do you know this photograph!' ro plied tho other, handing him a t*rtode visito. Tho stranger took it, and hold it to the light. As he looked at tho picture, thore came into hie oyes a strango exproasion imposaiblo to doacribo. Poter Dusk watohod hia fuco^aa . njtiser 