REVIEWS. TWO NEW VOLUMES OF AUSTRALIAN POETRY. Two small but attractive-looking volumes of Australian poetry have just reached us, one published in the world's metropolis and the other in our own city. " Songs of the South," by Mr. J. B. O'Hara, which comes to us from the Sydney agency of the publishers, Messrs. Ward, Lock, Bowden, and Co., has had the good fortune to bo favour- ably noticed in certain of the leading literary papers in London. The publishers, with a kindly forethought for the needs of the 'prentice critic, the blameless Antipodean, whioh we are at a loss how sufficiently to command, have furnished us with a daintily got-up little sheaf of excerpts from those estimates, gleaned, doubtless, all at random from fat lields of praise. We venture, nevertheless, to form and to give utterance to an opinion of our own, and one, moreover, which does not in all respects coincide with thoso which havo been so oblig- ingly supplied to us. The first verse of the first poem in the book, " Prelude," runs as follows :-- I love the old-time lays That wear not out the greatness of their spring; Above these halcyon days. They brood aloft with stirless glimmering wing ; Unconsciously like dew Their beauties fall and pierce the flowers of Fancy through. It seems to us that the hapless region which Mr. O'Hara, a couple of verses further on, com- miserates as the "songless South" had as well stay songless as for the Antarctic silences to be broken by such sorry stuff as this. "Aurora,'' " To Romance," " Oceanus," and "Æolus," are all more pretentious than pleasing. " The Days of Sweet October," despite the fact that " winds" is offered as a rhyme to " shrines," is much superior in its simplicity to these treasuries of classical allusion. So also, notwithstanding similar flaws in construc- tion-"lifts . . . cliffs," "isles . . . wilds"- is "The Wreck." The poems in which the influence of Henry Kendall is ap- parent are, upon the whole, the best in the book. They have at all events something of distinctive local colour; are something more than pallid reflections of other men's minds. From "Tallangatta," which is perhaps the most favourable specimen of those which more or less remind one of Kendall's manner, we extract tho following lines :-- Where a deeper purple hangeth on the immemorial hills, Ever tuneful with the singing of the mossy-fringed rills Hard by hidden mountain altars, hard by shady dale and dells, Where white Winter seldom goeth with his stormy syllables. In the valley of the Mitta, where the moorland nightly rings With the 'plaining of the plover and the curlew's echoings. Underneath the breezy ranges haunted by a sylvan song, Fair Tallangatta Iies sleeping, and the Mitta rolls along. Days and months, too, soon will vanish, and the winged years will glide. Links within the chain of ages, ripples on the swelling tlde ; Other scenes will throng around me, other forms will meet my gaze, Far away in other seasons, far away in future days; But the memories of this Eden, of this valley of the moon, Dear to woodland bowers and meadows, dear to dell and lone lagoon, Will entwine around my spirit and recall this home of song Where Tallangatta lies sleeping and the Mitta rolls along. Mr. O'Hara, as the quotation made will, we fancy, serve abundantly to show, has been near the rose-very near indeed. At the risk, nevertheless, of finding ourselves hereafter denounced in " stormy syllables," we must add that he himself is not the rose. "Camp Canzoncttcs," by Mr. Frederick " Songs of the South ;" by John Bernard O'Hara, M.A. Ward, Lock, and Co., London, Now York, and Melbourne, 1891. "Camp Canzonettes; Being Rhymes of the Bush and Other Things;" by Frederic Charles Urquhart, author of "An Ocean Ghost," "Legends ot the Blacks," &c.; Brisbane: Gordon and Gotch, Printers, Queen-street Charles Urquhart, whoso name is already known as that of an occasional contributor to the poet's corner of more than one of the Bris- bane weeklies, is the other little book of poems just received. The preface or " prefatory note," is a model for all time of the deprecatory order of composition. But let that pass. It is not for us to call attention to a shy mortal's blushes. The dedicatory stanzas are touching and in good taste :-- If I have ever struck a note Of gentle thought or softer tone, It is because the thought of you Has never left me quite alone. And grateful for that influence sweet Through all these long and tiresome times, While we were fated not to meet, I now Inscribe to you these rhymes. " Carpentaria to Leichhardt" is a brief but not ungraceful tribute to the memory of the lost explorer. " The Night Watch" will com- mend itself to "cattle men" as a realistic sketch, and has the further merit of being well put together in the matter of versification. " Told by the Camp Fire" is likewise a faith- ful, although a terribly gruesome, picture of another incident of Australian bush life. The manner somewhat recalls that of Bret Harte in his Western verse, and altogether the poem is certainly the most powerful one in the book, and the one also which gives promise of future achievement. A little poem of two six- line stanzas, " Chanson d'Amour," although in nowise an imitation, irresistibly recalls Alfred de Musset's pathetic and musical chanson--- Rapelle-toi : quand l'aurore craintive, with its plaintive retrain, Rapelle-toi, rapelle-toi! Mr. Urquhart's book is very small, but the proportion of readable and interesting poems is a fairly large one. An Australian Story-book for Children. Mary A. Fitzgerald is already, favourably known as a writer for children by her very interesting little book (published a year or two ago if we recollect aright) entitled "Australian Furs and Feathers." A collection of short stories iIlustrative of the manners and customs which were wont to obtain among the aborigines and of their legends with reference to animals has now been put together by Miss Fitzgerald under the title of " King Bungaree's Pyalla,"* and we have very great pleasure indeed in commending it to our readers as a book which "children are certain to like. The stories of how the kukuburra first came to laugh, the bower birds to build their play- about camps, the children of the leal to turn out to be platypi, the brush turkey to givo up the toilsome business of hatching, and the lyre bird to be endowed with his lovely tail, and many wondors more, all are recounted in King Bungaroo's Pyalla. The book is well written, is clearly printed, and is illustrated with very fair drawings of birds and auimals. * "King Bnungaree's Pyalla ; and stories Illus- trative of Manners and Customs that Prevailed among Australian Aborigines-," by Mary A. Fitzgerald, (authoress of "Australian Fur and Feathers"), Sydney, 1891, Edwards, Dunlop, and Co, Limited, Sydney, Brisbane, and London. A woman charged with stealing the two year-old child of Mr. Beal, the Kansas city millionaire banker, is remanded on bail of £1200. This woman, Elizabeth Smith, was a servant in Mr. Beal's family. The boy was taken away on Thanksgiving Day. Two days afterwards he was returned by a man named Ralston, who received the £1200 reward which the banker had offered for the recovery of his little son, agreeing not to prosecute its abduc- tors. The child, when restored to his family, was undor the influence of opiates and quite cold, he has sinco recovored. Tho police, rightly considering that if no legal action were taken encouragement would be given to the kidnappers to extend their operations, arrested Smith and a man named King on the following day. Ralston is still at large and Mr. Beal still refuses to prosecute. Smith declares that she took the child under compulsion. 