STRAY NOTES. fer " amqdis."! How rare a gift it is Io know bow Io act willioat appearing to act, and Io ks able to approach another wiihont curing friction. Where wo inset one oouerssd of this accomplishment twenty — some with Ilia halt tntenffnni— .will Itlnndpp I Lai rl. vances ceasing a recoil io mind of tlioie io approached Then, again, there are olhtra wboaa whole demeanor ia one rotrad of aotlog on tho "axe to grind" principle. And yet they ire real, became unbridled aelf-lntereat liat created enow exiatence, the old having died from aluer starvation. This ia the clnra bo difficult Io manage, and frotn among which thoio of on opposite disposition never ecleot their friends. Such individuals liuvo notllio capacity or ability to appreciate or realiie the exiateoce of a quality they themielvea do oot poiaesa, and if they do catch a gllmpae, comment upon It with lll-dli- goiaed bitttrneaa. Life with them becomes a contional craving for notice, which means email notoriety, and persistence re ward! them, hot at tbe coat of even the hadow of celebrity. Were it not pitiable It woold be amuting to noto the various moves and removes retorted to, for not only are aatural abilities brought into play, but the ridiculous, under the gulae of eccentricity, accompanied by I-om themon 8W®Rger,witU a i>troog admixture of down right effrontery, are among tbe cards P'ayed, Ibat these manifestations ore offensive to a finer organisation cannot be doubted, hut the fact of Iwing ao apparent becomes a safeguard. Tho cultivation of XBanlinesa would be tho panacea for tbis evil, and if associated with education 00 much the better ; but University attain ments or classic accomplishments alone will be useleee, tending to make tho evil only more glaring. Those two "street grebe, 'we hoar of, poweseod in no small -v a' (logico tlioso (|imlificntiouH tbnt diBtinguish "imturo'M gciitlutiii'vi." Finding an hpplo in the gntlor .wlicn hunting for a hrcnklaat, 0110 pnBBod it to Urn other to tnko Lis nlinro lirftt. .Tho little fellow, out of considera tion for tlio giver, took only n Rinnll piece. Tho other, ulmerving tliis, added, in tlio fulncBH of his gcncroiiR soul, " llilo bigger, Rilly ; Into bigger." Tbcaonrothonnturca tlmt mnko fast friundahips Wo are told tlmt it in hkoIcsb to contend against any strong or ruling proponKlty— good or ban Exporionco tenebes that a man novor wnn mndo n saint bccauso of n good proponaity. nor nindo an hhs by striving ngninnt a bad one. Sinco no two persona possess tlio itnmo qimlitiea in thosnmo degroo wo must not look for equality; hut nil may estab lish ft standard of excellence, if they will, tlmt will meet with or accord with Slmkcs penre's description of Brutus : This wan tho noblest Itonmn of them all ; 000 nnd tho elements , 80 mixed in hint that nature might, stand up . . „ And say to all tlio world, "This was a mnn. TliophrrtM,,,,dratiorelr#nclmutil» »e< ms to havo " caught on " with our cntiuneiend lioMses, from reports to band. If it w« rc only a term what umllor? hut ulun vstublifliments are dispensing wi.lt bands, nnd some of thoin of twenty yoarH rtuiid- ing. tlio outlook is far from promising. I iienr, loo, that ft local agent for one of the AitBtrnlian houros will tako bis departure lids tnonHi. From prceont appoaiaocca I ho pon driver must bo prepored for ft rougher duvrloptm nt of Ida inuicuV powors if lie renlly dcnlres to linger n wbilo nmid the fumiiiar scenes of this terrestial apbero. 8omo timo ago a gcntlumnn ndvisvil, llirongh "Tho Nortli-Wcsl PfBt," tlio prscticoof keeping firo buckets ready fillod in core of nn ctncrgeucy. I would now ruggest that ft firo bell bo recurcd nnd erected tn ring out alarms, nnd.tboa»rnngc mrnt of a code of strokes for guidance. Mr Holyman is to bo commended for moving in the matter of river pollution. Very recently the subject was disagreeably forced upon my atlontion wlion walking along tho Enplnnado oppoiito tlie dredgr, In fact, the offonuvc odour was noticablo boyond tho residence niar tho railway crossing. It is to bo hoped tho bye-law referred (0 by tho gontlcmnn mentioned will be pafsoil. Porsildy tlio "Lnuncrstnn Examiner's" local correspondent was following tbe ox- TrcnsnrcrH tactics when writing about the Dovonport polico in connection with tho ghost senro. His " Imnter" would acnrculy have appeared if lio bail tnken «bu Ireublo to asrortnin facts. Ho would have been in a position to complimont tho polico on (heir prompt net ion. 