SLAVERY IN THE PACIFIC. The Fiji Times of 30th December has an article on slavery in the Pacific, in which reference is made to the noosa which has accompanied the action of a couple of enterprising kidnappers who are carrying out, with their own free will, the able bodied men and passably good looking women of two groups of islands. That they are doing so under false pretences goes without saying that they shall be able to carry out their design thoroughly and apparently free from consequences disagreeable to themselves stands out in bold contrast to the excessive regard manifested for the welfare of other aborigines, which prevents these of one island from hiring for service with planters settled on another; ~ That trade in human flesh shall be thus pursued, openly and without hindrance, is an unqualified scandal. That the slavers who conduct it shall escape scatheless, even for the time, is but little less; that it shall have been entered on at all and proved so successful to the villainous enterprise to which it of owes its inception demonstrates how futile is the attempt to prevent natives of savage countries from repairing to places of which they know nothing, on the mere representation that they will be paid liberally for their labour and eventually returned to their homes. The source of labour not only is not exhausted, but in places it has scarcely been substantially tapped. From occurrences which took place when the Eastward He was at the islands it is plain that there are natives there who are. return labourers frouVFiji and other places, for some of them speak, and many appear to understand English. It is to be deduced of from certain action taken by these men in regard to recruiting that they are more than favorably disposed towards the new field opened to their ken. This may be accounted for by the supposition that they obtain a moderate share of the head money offered, although as that is but 2 dols, per caput to the traders who are the principals in the transaction, their earnings cannot be great. Still, there cannot be any doubt that labourers are to be obtained thence. The question presented thereby is whether it is well to sit by and allow them to be carried off into slavery to the mines of Mexico, or to endeavour to bring them into Fiji, where all that is offered is carried out to the letter. The middle men cannot be interfered with by any operation of the Western Pacific Order in Council, for they are not British subjects. Whoever is at the head of the nefarious scheme now in operation, care has been exercised in that particular. The nationality of the ships employed is also uncertain, although strong suspicions lie in the direction of their having originally hailed from the United States. The names of their ports have been carefully erased or otherwise concealed, and it is to be supposed that such precautions in other directions have been taken as would render search by British men-of-war ineffectual. In addition to any such measures, they are provided with printed contracts, which however worthless as indicating the real purpose for which the vessels are intended, would afford a colour- able pretext for the presence of the so called passengers. The fact that a boat of 150 tons register should have upwards of three passengers to the ton may. stand out in marked contrast to the rule which confines immigrant ships from Fiji to the carriage of hut one-person to each ton ; but that would have to be regarded rather in the light of internal than international law, and, as such, would not empower the infliction of a penalty. So that as the matter now appears it were hopeless to look for redress or punishment by means of cruisers carrying what would be a foreign flag. Once delivered to their fate in Mexico, who is to help the poor wretches, except the public conscience there be awakened on their behalf ? And who will arouse that when they are working in the most deadly of the mines, to which they will assuredly be drafted P The rapidity with which they will die off will be the sole preventive to the successful pursuit of the trade, although on the other hand is the incentive that will present itself to increase their numbers while yet the murderous swindle remains undiscovered in a sense which will enable it to be dealt with. According to the Auckland Star of 29th December, " Mr. Robert Louis Steven the well-known author, says he will live and die in his Samoan paradise. It is a veritable dreamland where the novelist lives. ' His home is two miles from Apia, on the island of Upolu, and the site of the house was when he bought it, a virgin forest, through which the foot had never trod. The house faces on the sea; about it are the great leaves of the cocoanut, palm and bread fruit trees y within it is all that civilisa- tion can furnish to minister to creature comfort. \- One who had visited Stevenson there months ago says :-' He is very thin and fragile ; his shoulders are bent, and his chest seems hollow. But his voice is strong and hearty and his grasp firm. His complexion has lost is deathly whiteness, and is new a healthy bronze. He still wears his hair long, and his delicate effeminate mouth is shaded by a drooping moustache. His eyes, too, seemed to be half closed and dreamy and he talks with a slow, languid draw." He believes he has-found a-safe-haven from consumption at the island of Upolu, and hopes to live to a ripe old age. He has no thought or care for affairs on the other side of the globe. If there should be a massacre of Europeans at Samoa because of the heavy taxes imposed on the natives, he has no fear of personal injury, for he believes that the natives respect and trust him. He may use his spare time in writing another book. In fact, he has already deal of manuscript ready for the printer. But he has no desire ever to change his locus and with his wife and mother he will dream away existence amid the ghosts with which his fancy has peopled his house and its surroundings." 