MY UNOLE'S GHOST. \---------e+** e BY FRANCIS FOOTE. One rainy evening last ween I lounged. Into my uncle's bachelor apartments at the hotel for a talk and smoke. One' of my uncle's hobbles was to be surrounded at all times by young men ; and, indeed, he seemed little more than a boy himself in feelings, although he had lpassed his fiftieth birthday. And we were all devoted to " the major," as we called him-I believe that was his title during the war. There was no one so willing to offer .a helping hand when we were in a college scrape: no one who would loan money so readily when an allowance fell short; there was no one with such a fund of experiences from which to draw for anmusing or thrilling tales; andi then his wines and cigars were unimpeachable. On this p.erticular evening I found him stretched out before the lire, his eyes fixed. reflectively iupon the ceiling, as he blew huge rings of smoke from his pipe. l How are you, Tmn 1" lhe said, lazily; "you've saved me from: myself by coming in. It has been aC:lh a nasty sort of a day, and an evening like this I always mope, and think of my ghost." " Your ghost ?" I echoed. Why, yes; you kefow I have the pleasure of owning one. Do you mean that I have never told you the story ?" I say "No," emphatically, and the major's face grew radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which he enjoyed above all others was a good story told by him self ; and they were always good. "Order whatever you wish, Tom," he said. "I'll take ~ drop of brandy straight, and you will nd the best cigars on the top zhelf." ' At last'rp were comfortably settled, and' after a preliminary swallow of brandy he began. ' It was about fifteen years ago, and I was on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go right through as they do now, and stopped oftener. It might have been five o'clock in the evening, and we had one more nicht to ride, when the train began to slow up, finally stopping at a small station, and a young woman came into the car. "The seats were pretty well occupied, and when she reached me she asked if she might have the other half of mine. Of course I said 'Yes.' There was plenty of room, and she only had a bit of a bag with her. "You know I never was much on women, but I can tell a pretty one when 1 see her, and a lady. She was both, although her dress was plain and black, and hergloves had been neatly mended in several places. I had a number of books and papers, the most en. tertaining of which I offered her, and when I she thanked me, her voice was the sweetest I have heard-low soft and musical. "By Jove I" said the major, excitedly, as he reached for the brandy, "I know that woman would sing with her whole soul; she couldn't have helped it with that voice. "Well," he continued, "she took up a book, but she didn't read mudl : just turned the pages at random, and sighed softly to herself every little while, as if she were un happy or in trouble. When the conductor came through she called him and asked about r. berth. " ' I am sorry,' he said; 'you should have telegraphed. We are very full, and there is nothing but an nupper one left. You would like a wholesection?' " ' I would,' she replied ; ' although a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot an. commodate me ?' "'I'm sorry, miss, but I don't see how,' and that burly conductor did seem sorry, out of sympathy, as lie saw the troubled expres sion in the girl's face. " Then I spoke, "' I have a whole section to myself,' I said, 'and I always prefer the upptr berth ; so if you will take the low I shall be most happy to resign it to you.' This was a lie, for 1 had never slept in one before, but she was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that kind. " I shall never forget the glance she gave me. I had not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit up her whole face. They were a deep violet, almost purple, with dark depths. and thick lilack lashes which cast, shadows on her pale cheeks. Yes, she was very pale, you would have called her ill until you saw her lips, which werb like a strip of scarlet on the snow. Another thingI noticed was a tiny scar, which looked as if it had been male by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. " 1 tried to talk with her, for she interested Sme deeply, but although she answered me pleasantly, she said nothing by which I could discover who she was, where she was going, or why she was trarelline alone. "Just before it was time to make up the berth she grew very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hands, and tapping her foot. She glanced at me once or twice, but to all appearances I was deep, in my book. " ' I've got to do it,' I heard her say in the faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't believe "he knew that she spoke aloud, so occupied was sho with her own thoughts. "In a few moments she spoke again, still talking to herself, " They must never find him about me. It would spoil all, and I woul never-' "I lost the next two words, but they sounded like 'disgrace him.' She seemed. aware then that she had spoken aloud, and looked quickly at me. I turned a page of my book and settled back farther into my corner. Then she opened her little bag and took from it a picture. As near as I could make out it was the likeness of an aristocratic young man with blue eyes and smiling lips. "She looked at it for about fifteen minutes longingly, passionately, then she kissed it fervently under cover of her handker chief. s "After that, she covered it with both hands, gave one little sob, and then began to tear that picture into inch bits. "'Ah, oh, a lover's quarrel I' I thought; and yet it didn't seen like that. It was toe serious; like a parting forever. "In a little while she turned to me. She was paler than ever, and the old scar was brighter. S"'Will you please open the windowse' she asked. 'I have something to throw away.' "Idid ta she wished, and she scattered the fragmentsof that photograph to the four winds. She drew a breath of relief. "'Now that is Uover the rqnt will be comparatively easy,' she said th~is time to "' What will be easy,' I ventured. "' Pardon me for speaking miy thoughts to a stranger,' lshe replied. 'I suppose I mean life will be easier wilile we live, and death when we ';,. "'Life - :i :dlways be easy for one as young as ?-...-e,' I saidl, gallantly. " She tuoeid hler beautiful eyes toward me again, and hler glance was like a sbock from a battery. In their delpthls I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, slownlyi "'Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine has Iceen swvcet,' with an emphasis on the 'les been' ' too sweet to last; but now well, :ll will be right iu the future, " have no fear.' An:I she turin:ed away. " After that I could only make her speak m monasyll.?bles. "At last tihat whole car full had settled down for the night to try andtl gain thle little rest whlichl might be found. Everything was llerably queiet, and I shut my eyes and tried nst te notice the jar of the train, or the occasional groan: of thie engile. " There wos a little,scraggly, pale Novem ber moone , which gave me a chill as I looked at it, andl madle me imagine all sorts of creepy thinegs. I thiougit I heard a stilled sigh once or twice from the berth below. I even seemed to notice a faint, unpleasant odor. All my senses were abnormally active, and as.I was an old traveller I was very much ashamnedof myself. " When finally I did sleep a little it was to dream of a frightful accident;' in which that; pale, yellow moon and I had a hand-to-hand fight to see which? of us should save the pretty girl, and during our struggle she had been crushed under the car. " I had important business a few stations this side of Chicago, but I had made up my mind that I would have a little talk with the young lady.before I left the car. In thl morning when I arose I went to the front platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellow-passen gers were visible, but that berth under mine was just as it had been all night, the girl had not yet appeared ; could she be ill ? I was very near my stopping.place-I could not'go without saying good-by. The porter passed through. I called to him and told him that there was a lady in that berth who had not yet been heard from. She might be sick. "IHe went to the berth directly, and made one startled exclamation. The passengi~rs began to crowd around. There she lay, the lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her lips still that wonderful dash of red, but her face was like marble, her hands were ice, and her heart-ab I there was no action there. She was dead I "By her side was a bottle half-filled with laudanum, which showed that shebhad taken her own life. "I'did not wait for anything more,to hear the criticisms and the questions as to who she was, and why she did it. I just took one long, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair; then 1 went out to the platform again, and remained there until I reached my station." The major smoked violently for 'a few moments. " B1it where does the ghost come in?" I asked at length. "The ghost 1" he said, with a suggestion of passion in-his voice; hiich I bhad never heard there before ; "she is the ghost. Her pale face, black dress, and violet eyes, have haunted me more or less ever sine:. I can hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly to day, when I will allow myself, as I did then, and it was fifteen years ago. There is a place in my heartnow for those poor little mended gloves, which were in themselves a pathetic story. " I am never ondnty at night that she does not stand before me with that little troubled expression, and that pleading look, until I reach out my arms to touch her, then she vanishes, and I know it was-you will say an illusion, a fancy-I call it her ghost.. "How many times have I wished that in some way I had gained possession of that man's picture. I woulds have pasted them together if it had taken half a lifetime and then Iwould have founl him. I would have revenged that poor girl for the wrong he had done. Yes, wrong. for I know that in some way he had driven her to her death. Per haps that is why I have never married. I can't tell. Ionly know that I have never yet rmet a women who could be to me what her memory is; and I saw her but once; she was not even a name to me; of hetself, her character, I know nothing, and I am called a man of the world. "And yet, boy," he exclaimed, turning to me, his face gray with passion," I an happier on a dark, stormy night like this, in the prospect of coming home to be with her spirit. her memory, if you will, thatt I should be if I knew another, a real woman, was waiting.to fling soft arms about my neck, to kiss me- with tenderest lips. Forgive me, Tom : I seldom speak of my own feelings and emnotions, but perhaps now you can faintly ndlerstand how much reality there can be even in a "host." The major had gained complete control of himself once more, and was nodding good humoredly over his pipe as if romance, women and be' had always been, as they always would be, strangers. 