" HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION1" Nows, which is the worse--to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There are lots of people on thoone side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both " that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But moat of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appe tite, or a vigorous appetite without enongh to satisfy it. Different folks will answer this ques tion differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to ilave an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of "alteration and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in which the writer says; "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? .If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. lie says. "In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalnan twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feet myself. My mouth tasted bad,so thatordinary articlesof diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow far round it. My breath was offentive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten any thing. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumn stances our frienddid not do his meals justice. He adds that there was what he calls " a prick lng sensation" as his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrtunent. Then, again, at times he was attacked withspnasms. the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. "I dreaded," he says, "the thought of eating, and many a meal I made, for 1 was afraid to eat." "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep. What he means by the fear of "something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the im ioverished state of his blood (the life bearer) his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfoebkld by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. "With great difficulty." he says, "I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I euffered for over two years is past my powers of descrip tion. I an sure no one Ihas su fered so much as I have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless mul titude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only wedon't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where is found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own havin, been cured by Mlother Sleigel's Syrup; "My wife," he says, "got me a bottle at Mr Langstati's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eloven years. (Signed) "GEORGE erUNT, " Car Bottom Road, "Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankfnl he is and for what reeson. 