©etteralife. How sweet and pleasant it is to eat a big dinner for one's country. The man who lives only for himself is engaged in very small business. If all flesL is grass, Sarah Bernhardt must have been raised during a drought. It is curious what scoundrels the men are who disagree with the average partisan newspaper. In prosperity it is very easy to find a friend, but in adversity it is the most difficult.of all things. A bachelor, having advertised for a wife to share his lot, was asked what the size of his lot was. Misunderstanding and inattention create more uneasiness in the world than deception and artifice. The inventor of a- machine that will darn socks eays—"No married man ought to be without one." It makes no difference how little a boy is, when his mother scolds him she always says, " You ought to be ashamed of yourself, a big boy like you." Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do when it ought to be done whether you like it or not. Clergyman (solemnly)—" I ereatly sympathise with you in your affliction, madam, but you should not abandon yourself to grief. You should know where to turn for consolation.' Ycung Widow—"But who would want to marry'a woman with three children?" "•You are charged, sir," said the Polioe Magistrate, "with attempting to kiss this woman on the Etreet. Do you plead guilty or not guilty?" "Your Honor, replied the blear-eyed prisoner, taking a good look at the prosecuting witness, "I plead insanity." A farmer and his wife went into a dentist's rcoms. "How much do you charge for fillin' tteth?" arlftd the farmer. "Five shillings and upwards." "And for.pullin'?" "Half a crown." "Maria,'' he said, turning to his wife, " you'd better have it pulled." Mrs. Bliffers (looking up from the paper). Of all things ! A couple who have lived together for sixty years have applied for a divorce. Mr. Bliffers—My, my ! Sixty years ! 1 don't wonder. JSo matter how strongly a man pretends that he doesn't believe in ghosts, it may be doubted if he ever goes by a churchyard at midnight without feeling as if something were going to clutch him from behind. Enquiring Child—"Papa, why do people cry at weddings?" Papa (abstractedly)—*'Most of 'em have been married themselves." You can always tell the fastidious man by his sending twenty-seven cuffs and collars to the laundry accompanied by a single shirt. There is many a Church member who would be scared almcst to death if he could only feel his own spiritual pulse, and find out how near dead he is. "Yes," said Jones, "when my wife gets mad she reminds me of a vessel underway." "Howso?"enquired Smith. "Because she's got her rancor up." Justice—" Officer, what is the prisoner charged with 2" Officer Laferty—" Well, your Honor, I'm not much of a judge, but it smells ago od deal like whisky." Sound is said to travel over 700 miles an hour, yet the sound of a cat yelling in the back garden has been known to remain in one spot tor five maddening hours. Fireman—"Now, then, oneatatime—hurry up, if you all want to get out alive." Mr. Ben- 'bajre—"Save the cook first—we may never be able to get another one!" In the published portraits of the influenza microbe it is easy to detect the main features : f a criminal and degraded nature. The microbe is as ugly as he feels. The following appears in a provincial paper: —"The biidegroom's present to the bride was a hacdscme diamond brooch, besides many other beautiful things in cut-glass." First Wallflower' (at the ball)—"Randy you've been vaccinated lately, haveij't you'' Secona "wallflower—"No, 'Why?" (Spite fully)—"Ycu don't seem to catch anything." A little bird told me that you had been naughty to-dsy," said Tommie's father. " It must have been that parrot next door, answered Tommie, "but I know how he found out." Fat Lady (on the sands)—"I am going to ride on one of the donkeys, and I'll pay for one for you if you like to accompany me." Small Boy—" Thankee, mum, but I'd rather sit here and laugh." Patient—"That medicine you gave me for the influenza, doctor, cured me entirely.'' Doctor (in surprise)—"Did it? Well, I've a good mind to try it myself. I can't get rid of my attack. When you get into a tigl.t place, and everything goes against you, till it seems as if you could not hold on a minute loneer, never give up then, for that's just the place and time that tne tide'll turn. The " number of the Beast" isgenerallysuposed to be 66G, but Dr. Matheson, of Edin- has exploded this antiquated notion. Eurgh, He says that the Beast is Selfishness, and his number is Number One. " Pendennis" is probably responsible for the making of more journalists than any other book in the English language. Thackeray put all his own journalistic experience into the book and made it faecinating. " I had to be away from school yesterday, said Tommy. "You must bring an excuse," said the teacher. " Who from ?" " Your father." "He ain't no good a^ making excuses ; ma catches him every time."' Young Lawyer—"I claim the release of my client on the ground of idiocy. He is a stupid fool, and is not responsible for anything he may have committed." Judge—"He doesn't appear stupid to me." Prisoner (interrupting) —" Your Honor, look at the lawyer I've employed." . A minister, while marrying a couple ot ms rustic parishioners, felt exceedingly disconcerted on his asking the bridegroom if he were willing to take the woman for his wedded wife by the would-be benedict scratching his head and saying, " Ay, I'm wullin', but I'd rather have her sister." A returned English traveller remarked that French people always seemed so pleasant, for while journeying in France every one to whom he spoke smiled at him. " What language do you speak?" queried a friend. "French?" answered the traveller; and to this day he cannot understand why his friend laughed as if that quite accounted for it. One day, after giving an object lesson on volcanoes, a teacher asked a child of eight voars what name was applied to a mountain which brought forth fire from its mouth <• Why, a spitfire, of course," was his answer. " A newly-fiedged Presbyterian minister ou; Sunday took his text from St. John xiv. 2 "In my Father's house are many mansions,' when an old woman in the Church called out;, " 'Deed no, Robie; yer father has only a bat and a ben." TBOP DE ZELE (An aristocratic tip).—The new companion (fres-h from Girtham College)— " Yes, Lady Jane, I saw her, with feer Aabitual //ypoc-risy, folding out her /land to him as he was /(aranguing at his /totel " Lady Jane —'•Goodness gracious, child, don't stick in your H : s> so carefully as all that! People wil! think your father and mother dropped'e.u. atiri ihitt- M u're trym' to pick "em up. | A.no 1 •<•! !>lu wouldn't be very far \vrong.]— Punch,. STUTTERED BETTER.—Wit teems often to be the compensating quality to those who have, been afflicted by nature with impedimens of speech. A New York man, meeting fur the first time in some years a stuttering cla«smate, observed, " Why, Morrow, you do not seem to stutter as badly as you used to." " N-nun-no,'" returned the stutterer; " I h-huh-have h-huhhad so mum-much practice that I fuf-find it v-vuv-verv easy t-tut-to stut-stammer now. E-easier thuthan spupeaking stut- tut-traight.' —Harper. WHAT OUB ABTIST (THE SMALL AND SDSSEP- TIBLE ONE) HAS TO PUT UP WITH.—MISS Binks —"Pray, Mr. Titmouse, why do you always draw such immensely tall women?" Our Artist—"Well, Miss Binks, I suppose it's because I'm such a tiny little man myself. Contrast, you see !" Miss Binks—" Ah, yes, contrast! That is how we tiny little women always attract all the fine tall men ! That's how we score!" Our Artist—" Exactly, only wish to goodness you'd attract that very fine tall man away from Miss Jones—then I might have a chance, perhaps 1"—Punch. The Christian Leader relates a good anecdote of the late Right Hon. W. H. Smith's Scottish grieve, which Mr. Smith was very fond of telling to his visitors. It was at the time when agiic-ultural prospects were very low indeed, and Mr. Smith was seeing very small returns from his broad acres. As the two walked together across the fields with uplands all aiound, all of which belonged to Mr. Smith, the worthy Scot sought somewhat to reassure their possessor. "Dinna ye be fear'd. Mr. Hmith, for your money," said he. "It's like the cook's kettle—a things no lost when ye ken where it is. Your siller is lying Bafe amang a' thee hills. And ye ken the hills are frae everasting." " I used to be an undertaker in Cincinatti, said a coffin drummer. " One day a German came in with crape around his hat and a woe-begone expression uoon his face. 'You vns der undertaker ?' he asked. I admitted the imputation. ' Mcin bruder have yust died, and I would like to send him to his home in New Yoik. Vot vos der bosht way to ship him ' You'd better freczo the body and send it rn K P,' I supgested. ' Vot you sharge for fnrzin' my bruder?' 'Twelve dollars.'I replied. 'Twelve dollarsDon't that was a pin t deal? Couldn't you done it for ten?' I nplifd that twelve was the lowest price. * Well,' 1-1 plied the German, wiping away a t't.r, 'I Rif you ten dollars to freeze poor I Fritz abor you ju-t freeze him to der feet. ! Dry don't need it. for dey was been frost- ' bitten last winter anyhow.' " t I a c t 