ZILLAH: A ROMANCE. BY J CAKI'H HOCKINO, Author of "Elrad the Hie,*' "Jabez Eaatetbrjok," &c.; CHAPTER L-(Con(inucd.) When this work was done, however, peiiod of enforced idleness fell to his lot He caught & severe oold, which for a month confined him to bis room, and to make matters worse be was prohibited from reading or entering into any intellectual exercise. Daring this time his mother and sisters made model nur3es t and were on the whole cheerful companions. Nevertheless, there were many, many hours when be was left alone with his own thoughts, and these took by no means inviting shapes. The old idea came back to him. He felt sure his father had a message for him. Not that he had any tangible reason for thinking it He had questioned his mother again and again as to his father's last hours, and although the old clergyman had naturally desired to see his only son before he died there was no apparent reason for thinking he had any special message to deliver.' Still the idea haunted him, and he . tried to ronjore np some plan by which he would be able to get at an inkling of what he believed was the truth. Aa the days went on, it became a kind of mania with mm. It became the one thought of his mind—his father had a message to deliver to him, and he had not been able to get home soon enough to receive it. fie questioned the dootor as to whether there was any means of knowing if his conjecture was true. " Yes," replied the doctor. " How ? " cried Jack, eagerly. "By consulting your own common sense," was the reply, " Your father was conscious almost to the last, and near friendB were in constant attendance , on him. So you think that if he had any message of importance to deliver he would not have mentioned it? *' I don't know. He did not think he was going to die until a short time be ore the end. But you were the cine to tell him he had not long .to live. .What did he do, or say ?" '* Your father was a good man," replied the doctor, "and met {death calmly." " But what did he say ? Tell me the exaot words." _ "He said what any father would say who 'felt he was soon to leave this world. He said, : I want to see Jack. Send for Jack at onoe butxhat, as l said, was.natural." . Y6u saw him die, didn't you ?" "Yes." ; • "Tell-me what he said, every word." . " Your father was a good man," repeated the doctor, "and met death calmly." . "iknow he was the best in the world; but what did he say ?" . " He, told your mother and sisters there was • nothing to grieve for,' because ell was well, all was light. JI • " •*•' But me, did he not mention me ?" .J 1 Yea," and the doctor's eyes flashed as tfcbugh'he remembered something. " He said, *Ir«Jack oomef and we answered that you ECflld fcdl i&ome; for two hours. 'Then,' he . aak^ f I shall not see my boy again, and I anMed .to see him, and—and, dootor, how nmoh Jonger oan I live?' 'I do'not know,'I Misweredj 'nptldng. I am afraid.' Then he tries to'speak, bat he could' not articulate any ' wuidfl.'" 1 ' \- 41 Ahdkfterwaids?" cried Jack. " He heaved a great eigh, bui spoke no .more.", '"There, there, don't you see? He wanted tp ^peak to me. " I felt sure he did before! "entered the house when I oame from Oxford. •I haveielt it ever einoe. I am sure my father : baqsomething to tell me." • "I had-not thought of it in that light before,' {eaid the doctor) " and I do not believe your . fancjr.to be true now; still, I will admit he eeetoed very anxious to see you. But what's theme? Had it been of great importance he would surely have given you some idea a long time ago. Besides, you oan never know. What 'is the use of considering suchaques- , tion?" V Never know," svd Jauk dreamily, " never know—why ?" " Because the secrets of the dead are secrets forever. No traveller ever oomes hack to tell what has been left untold." "Why f "I do not know. Perhaps we could not understand if they oould; at any rate, it's not for me to say. 1 do not pretend to enter the realms of theology. Get the new vicar to come and talk with you; I cannot help you. My •' mdvioe is this—get rid of such fancies, or your retnrnto health will be hindered." ' And the dootor, after giving some professional advioe, left him with a puzzled look upon, his face. As .will be aimagined,'the doctor's answer to JaOk's questions did not Bet his mind at rest. Nay, he became more and more convinced that [ bis fancy had foundatibn in actual fact Now, Jack haid -never been what may be termed "spiritually :minded." Rather the reveres. He never troubled about the unseen, had ndver believed in ghosts or apparitions, and when a boy had never shared his companions' feais about .going out at night. As he new,older, he remained absolutely nntotibhed by-thoughts of tile unseen. He lived the life that now is with too much heartiness *nd pleasure to trouble about the mysteries of tfregpiritual world. He often fell asleep in fhofch 5 .but he was always alert at a crioket match. He was perfect-y ignorant of theolpgioal distinctions, and had always yawned wearily when his father had diaousaed them with ^neighbouring ministers; but in matters of athletics Jack Harcourt was .as ardent as any one- Church pabulum he hated, but a good square meal of beefsteak and plum pud- Dine Jack wtw strong atu . Not that Jaek.was a doubter. He aooepted "the truths of Christianity without de<nur, without ever troubling as to their nature or origin. He had no doubt but that his father bad gone to heaven, although the idea of heaven was very vagud to him. . But! after the doctor had left him he began to wonder about these things, and, although his mother and Bisters would not allow turn to -think much that day, he hailed the visit of the aew'vicar with much delight on the following morning. TShe Reverend Henry Davis, unlike Jack's father, was exceedingly narrow and bigoted. He accepted the creed of the moderately High Church without question, and was very hard on those who did not do likewise. Therefore, he looked somewhat aghast at Jack when he . asked him if it were possible for his father to tell him something he wished to oommunicate before death. At first he answered incoherently, not seeming to understand, and, on Jack'S further explanation, he began t J think of what the Church taught on such matters. "Itmay bejiossible," he said at length; " but the Church teaches nothing positive." " But you say my father is alive," said Jack. "Undoubtedly." " Then why can he not tell me his wishes ? I feel sure he wanted to say something to me before -he left this world, and if he did then, he does still. What should there be to hinder bimt" *' It is not for us to know," said the vicar. "It seems we can know nothing," said Jack, wearily. " How?" said the vicar. " Why come to that," said Jack, "how do we know anything about what oomes after death?" " We know that those who are in the Church shall be in peace." " How do I know that?" " The Church teaches it." " Yes, but how do I know that I shall live afall after I die?" " But don't you believe in the immortality of the soul':" " Why," eaid Jack, thoughtfully,"I suppose so; but 'pon my word, I hardly know if I've got a soul." The vicar started aghast. •'You, a clergyman's son, to say such a thing!'' he eaid in amazement. " Why, there is no point of doctrine on which the Church is more pronounced." " Yes, yes," said Jack, " I daresay it's all right, but the thought came to my mind, and I blurted it out. You know, of course. You have been ordained for the purpose; but you can't help me in this other matter?" " No, no, I cannot," said -the vicar, mollified ; " but you need not beafraid —your father died a good Churchman, and all is well. Bv the way, you Trust get well quick. I think I know of somethir.g that may suit you." "Dovcu? What?" " A friend of mine is at the head of a grammar echoo'. He is a clergyman who was at College with your father. He has a vacancy for a junior teacher. I think I can get it for you.' ' To he continued. J To CcEBfeK IN DISEASES.—Sulpholine Lotion drives away all Eruptions, Pimples, Blotches, Redness, aud Disfigurements, leaving a clear spotless skin. Bottles. Sold everywhere. z93thao XVTBROAT AFFECTIONS AND HOARSENESS.—All •offering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surpiN«l at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of "Brown's Bronchial Troches.' These famous " lozenges" ara now arid by most respectable chemists ID this country at Is. 11 d. per box. People troubled with & "hacking cough, a "slight cold," or bronchial affections cannot trj them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections. See that the words "Brown's Bronchial Troches" are on the Government Stamp around each box.—Prepared by JOHN I. BROWN & SONS, Boston, U.S. European Depot, 83, Farringdon-road, London, England. llted HART'S ASTHMA CUBE will care the most violent lit of Asthma In FIVE MINUTES. Send for testimonUls. Chemists and Storekeepers sell it; or from O. N. 4 W. H. BIRJTS, ' 69, Bundle- street (4». In stamps post free). 1&-216 