Reminiscences of the Past, Introductory. [By AN OLD BOY]. " A MEBRT OHEIBIMAB to all" will be the greeting utfared by millions of the English-speaking race within the next ten days in various parte of the world. . In anticipation, I bid your readors the compliments of the season. We welcome Christmas with its timehonored customs ae a season looked forward to with pleasure by the people of all Christian lands. It is the season when, ae a rule, men grow more humau; tbe hardest hearts teem to btoome softer and we not only think mure of our childhood's days than at any other season, but a strange desire seemB to take possession of us, a longing to meet in family re- union. The reason why I cannot tell : but the feeling exists. In the depths of the Australian bush, working on a free selection, o n the plains, watching flocks or herds, on the mountain searching for gold, the same feeling steals upon us. We see a 8 in a vision those near and dear to us, our parents, our brothers, sisters, sweethearts, or, perchance, pur children. Be this as it may, our hearts appear to yearn for home and l* 1 ® communion of those who love u B - Thus fainily reunions are more commo n than at any other time. At such a meeting I once chanced to be present at this festive season. There was a large pnrty embracing three generations of tbe family and a number of old friends assembled at one of our pretty suburban residences. It was on a pleasant moonlight evening, when the cool breeze tempered the summer heat. The party had adjourned from indoors to a broad verandab overlooking the river. The conversation turned from general to special subjects; to the old country and its Christmas spores, to our own colony and its progress, to the many blessings we in this new country pometw. " But," exclaimed a younger m«m'ier of the family, "it is so dull; we live in such a .Sleepy Hollow. Is it not so, grandpa ?" The old gentleman appealed to looked into his granddaughter's young face, and replied, " I never found it dull in the old timfs. You know I am a Parramatta t>oy, and as there are several old hands here, I think we might pass a pleasant, and perhaps an amusing or interesting evening, if each were to tell something of what he has seen in the past. We have all read Dickens' Christmas tales of the old country, and why should we Australians not tell tales of our young land ? We have no ghosts to talk about, unless it be F.sher's gbost, but we have taleB, stories of struggles with nature, and it may be with man, of strivings toovercome difficulties and to lay the foundation of a great nation. As the proposer of this resolution, I will commence, and hope to show you young folks that Parra matta is not a Sleepy Hollow." 