[Br "THEu PATRIARCHIK Amid tlioh Ptritrch Wnas rlmitei up and aittoth iti his dear meiittaln; mn thu "great vil of tnmankimid, l uii lto' inI :l, hy said uinto hini, hP havoi.at:hunIrlm I?i oind; hast heaird thIat' thu W' tmranmi Iltiv mitigled thuir blo?d tu Ijthohu?a, sautru iu groatsontli this dany to ,exturmnimtle Al hbury nilld cast their lishes itut the [Murray ?"'A mld the Patriarch stietB hit mi self oln the brenst anid 'aid, ' lI will ,gu tI: theu.rickoet'grann.1' atol thu uinics I l thaue miiimnikins shuill emisn mlie.' Aind itdtii eaoiirao hIo smit _il't tell pnviliunll and llughiedn attho gniihla ilof ,Alhiur?, but blodil lurkyd in the iWarnihri ith cy. And they span the cuin, mid Smith and Hellii t weint inL for Albiry, ,aid' JohnII trundlued frIiii t'Ihe lhwer' uid,. e,'iolt thioughtl t isitu iai ball frollll Jlohi, but his ucalulatiul.us.Ud eke his waickuti were upset. And Erinest, the brother , of Frank, added bunutyts the saceuie and 10 t,,tls.. score. And "Brotlhr Nicholson, ihbli resemblith ita suierii saute to t the tiiiu of 10, butea Ireakt back atlaughtered lihs wicketkt, and lie retired, breathing forth fire and smoke (figuiutiuely).. "The S motor " iuegctiatsul it bill it,, t he lhands if Hill, ned wept limht lhu hi l :mulds but 8\. Tlhea Chloe uirdud up his luins fr the fray and gaitheored in 12 runs, and the Duetrnying Anigel bowled him off tlia pads. The radiunt form if Bushy wvits suen smiting wildly sti ether uand his hailt bit the dust. " Harry " placed his thirtl on " fixed duIusit " in the bosom. of Lamprolt. 'Austratian" nmade iou iand hisl legs rure the oausO f. thise downfall, aiid his -cuutitutiuucu fell.. Niev Smiithi ihad battled with thu ilnsidinus little globule with in?ichi discretiui, canud his wicket fell into the hands of Burdett for 50; anid the Albury illings gave ip tlhe ghost for,' 114.. L:inpoirt and rRaintiu ,pelned fur the:Waratahs, and the stupuer wes atunitiod for 10, and hie stol within the ipavilion;and mocked. Rhyiiehart suigh it hit a ball ibto the river ctat tlhe meunmlight marvvil but it. fell intoltth hiilids of a rival aliter,nad Johnl was thei nusn:twhi itiarvelled.O ; Thun "Ritiues strolled down to embrace the oliwler, aiid was bowled by the way. Aiud now i sajouriner iin a strange luid truated the bowlers will unseemly familiarity, whilu the barber froim the Beehicu lay liow and said " nlit t Nhieitie " to the posers of .Joseiph., And when the scorn stond at 131 for tlsrbotwickets,' Sul waned toward thle Ilhrlmron, anld they ecxtractedL the stumps for the day. And tle ucombatants spent the week inl pioty and imeditititio t pn,opitiatu the gads, uld again.the .die of tattle sotu theu patriarciial ear. Neil added Ithrou tol his score anld Day caught htIilt Ih te slips.. Falhin stooud Ieufoire lidi ephluuid his moils i wibbled out of their groove, nid lie retired:purple in thin face. Sirby had great luck, anud whenu the inniegs expired hie was 87 and guoing strong, aud itseeimed toi The Patriarchi' thait le milist bo-n mati of' great' virtude. And the jaw oif Alhury hung oui its cheat, for they wore 83 runs in thiJ rear. Smithl aid iLiloet iplunu*l agtiin; anut the yiletliftl one r'a. hiilself aII.i. J...'Jhnt," buowlet thel oldur fur 12 aild'iull feuird lie wuuld geot the sack. .Thunothe seraphic one soured 16, anid Olhlo did likewise. " Australia " grappled with:the bbwliug: and scored 40. and the hIud was tilled with yells and howrl fromn the brazen thronta of Albury. And oine vulgarly kiit'n as "'TIhu Urchini" crclt ili ulnawares and ionado 7, and' thu innings clhsud with 75 runls to the good. .With hair, ln land and tails erect, the 'Wuratahs struck for victory, but Joseph remnoved the captain's log stump, and one by one, thuy ausk ieto eollivion, aned when six wickets iiiil iibraced the ueiirth they wantsed,2-t wtiinii aid darkness closed ulirid'thu isciiio, so that all men waxed wrathi; bil. miiuch laughiing hathi mund `Thos Patrieroh i'gri, fait.-Daily Newu. 