PASSING NOTES. Bv Facstine. One of our special illusions ju3t now is the idea that the 44 womanly woman" is going out of fashion. The denizen of the 44 dolls house " is going out of fashion certainly—the woman who is but an 44 appanage" toman, trading upon his lower nature, even if uncon sciously, in order that she may live, luxuriate if possible, at his expense. She is becoming individualised. She is a distinct entity to be reckoned with; not a piece of property to he fed and clothed, softly or roughly, according to the valuation put upon her by her lord and master. Tho direct slave of man sho has ceased lobe. She is now, as Bernard Shaw points out in that charming little work of his 44 The Quin tessence of Iosenism," the more immediate slave of a preconceived idea of duty, a code laid down, not because for her as an indi vidual it is best and moat fitting, but because certain other individuals have conceived it as suitable for the 44 ideal" woman to follow. 44 And," adds this clear-voiced champion of feminine liberty, 44 just us man's path to free dom is strewn with the wreckage of the duties and ideals he has trampled on, so must hers be." 44 Oil," cried a dear little goose of a woman 'the other day, with round eyes opened solemnly as her friend quoted these words to her, 44 how dreadful ! Fancy trampling on your duties ! Why, who's going to do them then V' 44 You, oi course," her Iriend replied, smiling. 44 Only you must be sure that they are yours, and not mine or Mrs. Grundy's. 44 1 have1 in my possession," says a lady writer in last month's Scribncrs, 44 an old Dutch cookery book, of the date of 1752, re vealing quaint glimpses of tho manners and customs of that day. The frontispiece is a picture of the kitchen ; the fire, which a maid is feeding with a piece of peat, is in the background on a hearthstone, with a kettle hanging over it from a crane ; two birds are rousting in front of the live, but the legs and wings arc not trussed as they would be now- n-days. Three womeu are busy in the kit- ehcu, but tho drawing is not sufficiently careful to show which is the mistress. The tabic is evidently of dark oak with folding- legs, of the kind so much prized for a draw ing-room to-day. The title-page is very com prehensive, and sets forth that this is The Complete Dutch Kitchcnmaid.'" It seems, according to the owner's description, to bo a very 44 Complete Dutch Kitchcnmaid in deed, containing not only full directions 44 how to prepare all sorts of dishes, confec tions aim desserts, so that they ahull be wholesome und tasteful for Roman Catholics on fish days and during fasts," but a vast deal of miscellaneous information oil ull sub jects, such us, for instance, 4 How ono may preserve everything against the winter," 44 What one must do at killing time 44 How Mol and Fresh Bier can be kept through the summer, besides " (the 44 besides " has a line all to itself) 44 an infallible method of determining if the meat is sound during the cattle disease," — the whole "described by a noble ladv who has lately moved to ihe Hague. The third edition, corrected of a great many mistakes iu printiug. Brinted after her own manuscript. Published I' Amsterdam, by Steven van Eswoldt in the Beurstog by the Dam 1752 with privileges." The 44 noble lady" evidently set a high value on her contribution lo the literature of the century, though, being 44 one of the best blood of Holland," her editress was not allowed to put 44 her Excellency's dis tinguished name" upon the title- page. Many other noble ladies begged for a copy, how ever, 44 which her Excellency through her magnanimity could not refuse, but she could not bring herself to let the original leave hor hands until dying, when she bequeathed it as a precious legacy to her daughtur-iu-luw." Such a work could not he edited lightly, and there is a long introduction quite majestic in its eloquence— a sort of 44 address from the chair." 44 Skilful ladies, honored and lovely maidens, thorough housekeepers and in dustrious kitchemuaids," it cuds, 44 use this work to your instruction and the good of the household, and regard this dedication as a token that I truly am your humble but un known servant aud friend." Then follow three pages of poetry showing 1'anuiiso und Inferno, as typefied iu the tidy and untidy household. In the recipes, none of wliieli, however, are remarkable enough to be worth giving in full, the noble lady shows a stern exactitude. Even tho description of water to be used is set forth — now " pump water," now 44 rain water;" on one occasion a mix ture of both. Summer table decorations arc to be 44 flowers and leaves," and winter ones "sugar, gilding and silvering." Tiie 44 rules for the carver," at any rate most of thorn, we should heapt-in thesudays to consider some what superlluouR. Rule 1, for instance, 44 The carver must before all bo careful that his hands are well washed and the nails are cut short and arc clean and rule 4. 44 I f one should soil his hands in carving he must on no account ask for a half-soiled cloth to wipe them on, as if ho were too dainty to use a clean one. This would be no compliment, but u reflection on the cleanliness of his hostess." Her Excellency also rules that tho carver must be bareheaded, and must bow to the company before he begins his duties. She seems to look rather dubiously at tho fashion of kissiug when drinking healths, but if it is to be sue sternlv forbids a gentle man to leave his chair to kiss a young lacjy at a distance or without 44 washing his hps." The guileless youth who comes to your door begging and gets a coin in return fur a thrilling narrative of how 44 My sister's in the 'orsuitnl and fathers cut o' work, aud my mother. lying dead on the table," seems rather out of date. But lie has left rela tions. One took a fancy tho other day, not to food, not even to coins, but to some choice white dowers growing in a lovely Bondi garden the fame of whose proprietor lius gone forth as a princely giver of his floral treasures. In went the'urehin boldly, round the well-swept lawn to where Mr. A was standing giving a few directions to his gardener. Uh, if you please, sir, Mrs. iS says can you give her a few flowers? They must be white, sir please sir, 'cos they're for a funeral." 44 Why, who'se dead?" inquired the gentleman anxiously. 44 Not any member of the family, I trust?" 44 Yes, sir" (here the young hope ful pulled the corners of his month down aud tried to squeeze out a tear), 44 M iss .S : she died yesterday." 44 Dear, dear, nu !" said poor Mr. A , quite shocked. 44 1 am grieved indeed to hear that. Why, I never even heard of her illness. Do you know what she died of?" 44 in — formation, 'sir — information of the — thobrain. hlhe took bad last Friday, sir." ButMr. A Ijy this time was busy stripping his garden of ail tho white bloom it contained, the hoy following him round and brushing his sleeve across bis eyes once or twice, for which iu; got an extra posy for himself because he was such a nice tciuler-lmartod child and felt, for olhers'iwoes. When Mb:s ,S came in in the evening everybody shrieked and ran away at first, tiiiuking slid was a ghost, while she in her turn wondered if the world had gone mad. But they got bolder presently and told her the story, at which she laughed until she cried. She said siie knew, of course, that such juvenile depravity was awful and it was wrong of her not to be shocked, but fur her part she would like to present that boy with a. iucdaL What with the extreme heat and the "abstruseness" of the poet chosen for the evening's discussion — viz., Browning — a very large gathering was not generally expected at the Women's Literary Club last Monday night. But it turned out one of the most crowded meetings held for a long time, and the interest in the proceedings never once flagged. Miss Hamilton and Miss Rose Scott read papers; several of Browning's shorter poems were either read or recited, a notable feature of the evening being Miss Bensusan's simple and unaffected, but dramatic, rendering of "Herve Riel." On Wednesday evening a general meeting of the Womanhood Suffrage League took place at Garrard and Hamilton's rooms. There was some disappointment about one or two speakers who had promised to attend, but the difficulty was tided over by the aid of others who came forward voluntarily to give their views on the question. The point most thoroughly discussed was the impor tance of substituting women gaolers for men in the lockups, as being more capable of dealing with offenders of their own sex, many of whom are young girls. Mrs. Lawson, Mrs. Wolstonholme, Miss Tiliey and Mrs. English all strenuously advocated this most desirable measure. That a girl, locked up for the night perhaps for the first time, should feel her self-respect still more lowered by being left entirely to the care of men is certainly a disgraceful arrangement and one which all women should unite in endeavoring to get altered. As regards the progress of the women's suf- frage movement itself, Mrs. English's appeal for more work, more signatures to petitions, more regular and energetic canvassing, is well worth attention. The old argument that "women do not want the suffrage " can never be met in any other way. In England a representative committee of men and women has just been formed for the purpose of organising a demonstration in favor of women's suffrage in Hyde Park on May 29. People of all shades of political opinion are represented in this movement, including several members of Parliament. What with influenza, tho Russian famino. the death of the Duko of Clarence, fogs ana Hoods, suicides and ncheerfuldiscussion last ing over a week on tho 44 dangorsof funorals" —a protest against standing bareheaded nt those ceremonies, thereby running tho risk oi following tho departed "o'er soon "—the London papers aro not lively reading just now. Hardly a feast or a frolic to lighten the gloom anywhere. You opeu one paper and run your eye down it. 44 A history of madhouses," 44 Another victim to the pre vailing scourge," 44 The royal mourners. ' You pick Hp another. That lias a black border all round and a picture of a funeral procession on one page, on the other side an illustration of a great fire, with blazing oil flowing down the street, and the firemen miming , away. Even the advertisements have a mournful tone. (Here I break off a minute, and in a last frantic effort to be gay open the Daily' Graphic.) Just what 1 ex pected ! ,44The fatal collision in the Thames at Greenwich." This is the last straw. It only wants a good muvder or two ami a-liangiug just for a finishing touch. Why, what's this? 44 Fancy ball? Est-il possible? Yes, a description of a fancy ball it truly is. But not in London, not anvwhero near it. It was held, I see, iu the new public hall and theatre which tho Colombo people have so long been wanting, aud which is at last completed. Some of tho characters, too, seem to have been a little out of the ordinary groove of 44 French peasants," 44 hospital nurses," and Lady Teazles that wc get so many of. An Afghan," an "Egyptian runner," a 44 Tamil waiter," a irLasoorcon of the Ceylon guard," all these have quite a re freshing sound of novelty about them. The affair was highlv enjoyed altogether. Ab for ine, having lighted on one bright spot in the general gloom, I will not turn another Pge. Whether it bo that Europeans at large have been occupied in recovering from influenza, or whether the falling-off arises from the fact that the ordinary tourist is getting more luxurious aud discarding the alpenstock for the cushioned railway-car, it would be difficult to say, but it is certain that only half the usual amount of Alpine climbing has been accomplished this year. The single noticeable feat of 'the season in this way was tho ascent of the Pie Bcrnin from Pontostrinaby three Englishwomen, an arduous undertaking and oue involving many hardships, especially as they scaled the peak by tiie most rugged and dangerous route, tho .Sehatto or north side. Nobody at tempted this until 1878, ami then the difficul ties were considered so great, that only a few energetic and determined individuals have since followed in the footsteps of the pioneer. These ladies, though they .started early, und climbed without intermission all day, did not reach tho summit until darkness hud set in, considerably adding to their danger. They bad literally to cut steps in a steep wall of ice for a great portion of the way, besides being terribly impeded by freshly-fallen snow. Eight o'clock found them commenc ing the descent, which was accomplished by lantern-light and took them all night. In deed, by Tiie time they, not unthankfuUy, found their labors ended and themselves 6n level ground again, they had been for 32 hours on foot, without a single interval of rest. 44 Seribnors" for February contains a most interesting paper called 4,A Model Working Girls Club," wherein is described the general arrangements of one of these valuable institutions in London, found and directed by a rich merchant and his admirable . wife, who give up besides money most of their time to the object they have so much at heart. For purely a private enterprise the results seem to he wonderful, especially as the fees for membership are very small, viz., 5s per year, and the privileges attached thereto manifold. There are capacious dhiingrooms where a bountiful meal may he had for 4d aiul 6d, a savings batik in 'which a high rate of interest is given for tho encouragement of habits of thrift, large recreation grounds whore tennis,, golf and various other games are largely patronised, lectures by some of the ablest men in England for the studious, and plenty of amusements for those in whom la joie ae is most strongly developed and who consequently need a lighter and more varying attraction to keep them happy and virtuous than their stronger sisters. And besides this tiie kind and noble directors of the institute take very small weekly instalments from the girls, according to their earnings, which they eventually augment a little for tho purpose of sending them away for a summer holiday ; many of them managing to make quite an improving little tour on the Continent; others, going to Scotland or one of the Eng lish watering places, just as taste, time and means mav dictate. And, best of all, the tone of 44 charity" is absent. The girls are happy, because they are taught true inde pendence. Their gratitude for the helping liand held out to them is strong, but not servile ; the link that binds them to their benefactors firm, but never debasing. I rather like to hear a girl whistle. I don't know why, except that it sounds healthy, and cheery and breezy, and defiant of fate generally ; just the very antithesis of the 14 prunes and prism" business, in fact. I used to he frightfully, scolded for my efforts in that direction, though, I remember, crude as they were, It was 44 so unladylike !" and when I shut myself up in tiie nursery to practise the 44 Mocking Bird," with variations, 1 was particularly careful to find out whether my most 44 gentlemanly " and ladylike relations were out or iu before I commenced the operatic programme I had sketched out for tho afternoon. And now here is Miss Alice Shaw, 44 La belle Sif- ileusc," making quite a reputation, as welt as lots of money, uy her whistling performances in London, where she gave a series of con certs lately, herself the principal attraction. Whistling with her is really an art. Bird- like and clear the notes ring out with an in- dcscrihablu ease and grace, which she affirms is tho result of years of study — study as arduous and progressive as that which goes to perfect any prima donna or pet tenor who passes that supreme test of fitness for his chosen vocation, 44 La Scala." Miss Alice onaw was going to lvussni ioi a season, i>u£ troubles there, political and social, dceidcO her to remain in England for the present. 