LOVE BETTER TLAN SACRIFICE: 0 INTERNATIONAL CONFLICOT DB OSCAR PARK. CHAPTER XL. A CAPrrruLAIO?S, Am I expected to say that Mr. Howbrasy'_-s Sectioes between the departure of Mr. Bnrd'k an the second appearance of Dormsen were of & very humiliating and painful nature t Thsn I must disappoint an expectation so little jttied by an acuarate understanding of this getleman'scharacter. He very quickly floundered though the rather noisome bog in which the American had left him sticking, and speedily Lched ground frm enough to bear his weight. He had saved the gilding, and, indeed, had added to it afresh layer, which, if not as thick an one as he had hopedto see, was yet immeasurably better thanto have the old gilding stripped entirely away. What if he had failed to overreach Mr. Burdick That was a mere incident. What if he bad failed to marry his daughter to the man of his oehofoe I He could shew that impudent young cub's father that he could get on very well with out the support of Tho:ndon and Son. What it he was about to eat his own words to Dormsen f It would be strange if with his mastery of words he could not juggle so effectually as to make that young man see that the earlier interview had been . nothing more than a trial of the strength of his purpose and persistence. And at the worst John Wolsey owbray, he reflected, must still to ninety . minebonehundredths of the universe present unim paired the imposing figure of a terrene god encased in shining metal. Oh, no 1 While it would have been a satisfaction without alloy to have reached his goal by his own path, et he had come so perilously near being compelled or turn back altogether, that his dominant emotion speedily became one of exul. tation that he should have got so far without diseter. The habits of a lifetime are not to be so eualy disconcerted. There is more bigotry in self. worship than in any other form of devotion. Pre serve the substance and the inoidents will get themselves harmonised somehow or other. In fact, now that Mr. Mowbray came to think it all over, hebe-antofancythathe had really hoodwinked Mr. Burdick very cleverly. Indeed, too, he had quite made up his mind to have nothing more to { do with the Thorndons, father and son both, which would be quite sufficiently galling to them ; and now that he was maeared by a disinterested person that Dormsen was possessed of both good. birthand money, he should have probably himself selected that younggentleman a a suitable husband for his daughter, if for no other reason because it would be wormwood to the Thorndons. Thus easy and simple it is for one, who worships with his whole soul, to not alone augment such virtues an his Idol has, but to impose upon it other virtues which it has not. "I am informed that you wish to see me, Mr. Howbray," said Dorrmen, as he entered that gentleman'e sitting room a second time this evening. "Ah, yes, Mr. Dormsen l Will you kindly be seted. After you had left me some time ago I began to fear I had been somewhat abrupt. You willoonfess yourself, my dear sir, that the sudden. m? of your communication and its nature were -considering my ignorance of your claims upon my attention-such as could not fail to receive from as father, whose first thought is for his daughter's happiness, if not a distinct refusal, yet such a modified tone of non-eaeouragement as would negative any presumption of acquiescence onmypart without absolutely destroying hope on yours, until I could make certain inquiries as matter of commendable precaution." Christopher Dormsen's knowledge of the Eng lish tongue had very greatly improved in the past winter, but he had yet to learn what could be done with it when the effort was fairly made. However, though he could not himself have framed ! these sentences, yet he caught their purport very clearly; "Am I to understand, Mr. Mowbray, that you did not intend. a short time ago, to distinctly and finally refuse me your consent I" Mr. Mowbray opened his eyes very widely. How surprised he was that any such interpretation could be put on his earlier words. "Oh, by no means, Mr. Dormsen l" And then he thought it well to be facetious, and he smiled in quite a confidential and engaging way. "Ah, sry dear young friend, when I was at your age such on interpretation would have been the very last itet my warm desires would have suffered me to rot upon language diotated solely by a father's worldly prdence and that affection which shrinks from parting with a beloved object. Ah,"he con tr~red,lookinginto the fire with a meditative gaze, "I am an old-fashioned gentleman, Mr. Dormsen, a' you see. I cannot entertain the subject of the cs`posal of my daughter's hand without a pang." There were reasons why Dormsen did not care to make any audible reply to these-proofs, shall we call them? of a parent's singleness of affection, but he could with great truth assure Mr. Mow. Fray that the rejection of his suit-for so he had -understood it-had only postponed his purpose not uverwhelmed it. "I supposed your language ad. mitted of but one construction, Mr. Mowbray, bat I ran assure you it did not dishearten me." "I am delighted to hear that assurance of the strength of your attachment, Mr. Dormen. The ardour of the young is always an attractive eo ectof contemplation to those whose hearts age hoe ?bbed of impetuous fire, though giving in exchange perhaps a more generous depth of emotion. Nos; something in your manner when you left my room prompted me to ask myself whether I had not possibly impressed an element of fiality pon my words, which it was far from my purpose to imply. You have afected me very sareeably, Mr. Dormen, in the few times we lare met, but I could not do otherwise than at cost affect indifference to your proposals, until I mull learn that my daughter, Clara, should regard the matter with at least not disfavour, and that in more worldly point of view the consummation ef ach an engagement would be likely in all repects tc cecore her future happiness; and her cippinulE, Mir. Donrmsen, I do not need to remind Jo. is all I have to live for." "Then am I to gather from whatyou saynow to me, Mr. Mowbray, that since I left this room Jou have satisfied yourself upon these two points I" "A-well-not--I should say-well yes, vir. dolly, Mr. Dormeen, virtually. I should not "You most forgive my interrupting yos. Mr. M)owbmry, to say that what I have requested of you~isyur permission to ask Mies Mowbray to te my wife. I do not wish anyone to plead my ause with her or to bring any influence to bear spun her." There was a very conscious distrust of the elder gentleman in his mind, which prompted thissoggestion. And the limitation which it put to his own action brought a throb of dis tres to Mr. Mowbray. Suppose, Clara, left to erself, should decline this offer, where would I beh However, there was nothing left now iat tlo accept the situation as it was offered to him, and he bowed with ame degree of offended majesty as he went on," was about to say, he- you interrapted me and, as yon will see, without cmouser Mr. Dormseo, that I should not haerecalled you but for the fear which pressed Spon me that yon might have interpreted my woros too harobly, and might be suffering from dinppointment. Unhappily for one in this rather celfish age," he continued in a tone of Fainted and melancholy rebuke, "I am so enoi tively mnotituted that any sufering or pain which I an relieve compels my instant care and attention. At the risk, therefore, of being thought by you een whimsical and of changeful purposes, lould not rest without sending for you to.night, nlinformling you that there is no longer any Obijetiononmyparttoyour addressingmydaught?er. Therestlof course, most lie with her." .Howcaul, Dormsen do otherwise thaaeipii mateful than omethedg of the joyas relief he felt, or when he went to his room do otherwise than lie awake half the night contemplating the morrow? The issue did not justify the fathe' agitation in view of a still possible disaster, end he probably never came quite so near loving his daoghter as when she came to him on the follow •g day with happy face and heart of gladness, ah he knew thatall was well. Hehadaglow of stisfaction in well-doing, the like of which bad been long an unknown censation. As Mr. Bur dihad predicted be" felt gord." And he continnel to "I frl good." He continau "feel good" to this doy It i. not in his nature, i ed, to feel othertice bwhle life lasts, while he epa whathe bo ansd hi- ilagionation remains of a.icient ltr=ngth to crown his tmp!e with v or: hippro llr," it will i in the nxt world int whieh John W?Ileey blowbray's ounl will go sOk4 withes the nugget and writhou the worshipper. it does not become. tohe simple chronibler to hazard a conjccture: We may be sure, however, that bye well-guarded provision of his will and testament, the monument to behere after ereted to his earthly remains will contain an inscription which will comfort his disciples to thelast generation, and forever present to their ripe imaginations a picture of their idolflodtingen golden clouds, and always "feeling good." Strict truth, however, compels me to state that he felt best when, on the first of the following month, he realised that a very handsome sum had been paid into Thorndon and Son, bankers, on his account, that his maturing bills had been promptly met, and that he was considerably richer than he ever had been before. He also "felt good," very good, when he transferred his balance to another house. He" felt good" when he gave his daughter a very handsome wedding, and when he read the accounts of it afterwards in the morn ing papers. These are the things which go to make up the charm of life, over which one can think long and delicionusly, which are delightfulin anticipation, delightful in the moment of action, and delightful in retrospect-to some people. As for Percy Thorndon, he received, as Le Sdrifted along back towards Paris," a letter from Mr. Burdick, which held not only a very great surprise for him, but offered no temptation to drift back to Rome again. A note from Miss Mowbray had already reached him, not those few impulsive lines, written under the first stress of her indigna tion, but a more reasonable, prudent, and more calmly penned answer to his earnest plea for-a better understanding. But Clara Mowbray was as frank as he had begged her to be, and there was nothing left for him to do but to keep on towards England. Then came this communication from Mr Bur dick, which I give nearly verbatim, making no apology for its length, and only wishing I could also reproduce the chirography. "My dear Thorndon," it began, " I hope you are not still looking for Marconti, because you are not likely to find him. He has gone, I think, where, from all accounts, even these ridiculous Roman aqueducts would be popular. I want to finish with him first and have done with him for good and all, so I will tell you how it happened. He went back to Capri. His friends will say that he repented of what he had done and went back to rescue Dormsen. I think I know him better than to do him that injustice. Between you and me there is no need to discuss his motives. Well then, he went back. lie prowled up to the Tim boric. It was night and moonlight. He got as far as that little cate, you remember, that I broke open--and standing there alone with his own soul he heard a step, turned round and saw Christopher Dormsen just behind him. It was enough to frighten him, wasn't it? Well it did. Itfrightened him so that he fell against that little gate, which-let me remind you once again-- Ihad happily left rather weak, and down he went about a thousand feet. So the devil got him at his own price. That doesn't sound nice and polite, does it? Never mind I Sometimes I don't want to be nice and polite. But about Christopher Dormsen's ghost. Ah. my dear Thorndon, I think I hear you mutter, 'What do I care for the crazy fancies of that wretch t' But it wasn't Christopher Dormsen's ghost, as it happens, but Christopher Dormsen himself. Now your disgust turns to me and you may, 'Thisman has had Dormsen on the brain for the past two months, and is the real madman after all.' Well, all I can say is, if I am wrong about it, Clara Mowbray is going to marry a ghost sometime next summer in London, and you will have achance to satisfy yourself by the evidence of your own reuses, and I will do you the justice to say, that I know no man less likely to be deceived, when hereally sees a thing, than Percy Thorndon. "No I the man you and I found looked astonish. ingly like Christopher Dormsen-was Christo pher Dormeen's twin brother but was not Christopher Dorsmen. He deceived Marconti un* fortunately, but that was not so very remarkable because Marconti had not seen the other often. He deceived us, probably because we only saw him in that dying condi:ion and were predisposed to believe it was the man we knew, though I am not at all prepared to say that we could have told them apart, if we had seen them both alive and well, Just as singular mistakes as that have happened before. "Really the most remarkable thing about it allis, that we none of us knew that Dormsen had a brother. It was just one of those strange chances that do occur (and yet are so strange that we call them miraculous), that there had been no oceasion for Dormsen to mention that fact. When I spoke to him of this, he thought that of course he had mentioned his brother, out in truth he had not to any one of us. They had been in Rome together, and then separated to meet again later, but Iwill tellyou all the details when I see you in London. I am not good at writing letters, and this is a longer one than I ever remember writing in my life before. "There is one thing more, though, that I ought to say more about. Miss Mowbray and Dormsen are, as is veryright and proper, engaged to be mar ried, and are as happy a pair of simple lovers as you would care to see. I know you will be as. glad of it as I am, especially since (I mention this becanee you care so much for these things over here) he is tip-top socially, and has money enough to give her a new gown every day in the year if she wants it, so the old gentleman can squander his wealth in silver mines, or the New York Stock Exchange, if he chooses to, without' hurting her in the least. "Dormsen is writing you himself to thank yon for what you did for his brother, but he is not likely, under the circumstanoes, to mention this other matter, so I have. He is a rather sensitive fellow, by the way-and-well-see here I-it will do him a lot of good if you will say, when you answer his letter, that you have heard of his engagement, and you very heartily and sincerely congratulate him. I know you'll do it gladly, though you'll abuse me for interfering again; but then again, you see, I know you wouldn't be likely to do it if I didn't mention it, because it naturally wouldn't occur to yon. And then I kno w your heart isn't breaking." As a matter of fact Percy Thorndon became en. gaged the next season to a lady who had been heard to declare-to an intimate lady friend of course-that the only married life which seemed to her to be in any way tolerable, would bhe one' where the husband and wife should require a fresh' introduction to each other every morning. We may assume, therefore, I think, that fate- or impndent intermeddling--lad for once resulted in making four young heats happy, instead of leaving two to misery. SOUNe man, yOu hare OveOn onnllg to nry toels alnost every night during the whole winter, and now all et once you become cool, and Imrdly apeak to my daughter. WVhat does all this mean? Explin your self !" The young man hesitated, and finally enid in a erared sort of way: "I-I came toyour hnrose dlring the winter, becaunse--" "Young man, if you lore my daughter, come out and say so." "I came because -because I had no stove in my room, and I wanted to get warm." "You can just go to--toi where it is hot withoot a stove," and the young man picked him self up out on the sidewalk. TuE FasiOe Ix JOKES.--The plumber joke is get ting a little out of season, but it may be packed in camphor and will be in style when the freezes como again. The roller skate joke is very popular and is worn on all occasions, either with or wrthout trim ruing. The rich editor joke does not appear to pall upon the taste. It is quite becoming when wornwith passementerie edging. Spring poetry jokes are smdergoing a revival and are quite the as fai in recrerche circles. Withl a esaste basket overskirt may be worn eiither morning or evening in the house. The young-man-and-girls-pa joke holds its orn, and is really one of the mtost popular and fashionable seen in polite society. Tihe male joke is relegated to thie commoner classes, and may reallybe called "old fashlrioned." It is stuil in favour in the rural districts, and seems destined to continue so for several year.. The very- angry-wsife-at-three-'clock in-the morning joke is not in such favour as formerly, but still manyinsist urpon nmaking it part of their daily wear. Tihe liver pad joke has almost dis appeared. Occasionally, hIowever, it may be seen tied in withl a bknot of ribbon quite prettily. The honest politician joke is too decoletta to be popular. If cuit high in thIe neck it might reign for a brief season. The sleeping policeman joke had many friends nd bade fair to become courtly in its style, btt it lacked tone and fell into line with ordinary styles. Puns are popular with all classes. They may be worn as bangles, and in an infinite vartety of ways. The boarding-house pie, hash or gum shoe steak joke enjoys a periodical renaissane and seems to retain its original lustre. When made up properly it is still a favourite. The young- lrhusbhnd-p:rigrc joke mnay be worn on etcni-n, otasions. and is not altogether out of style. Thie fashions in ',ther lipes continue about the same as per last report. Of courrse,with new demands come netrw suppli.es, nd thisogh there i. nothing entirely new, thie old things are s, artistically worked over that theypass quite readily for original designs. Merela Trallsr-e 