LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION OF VICTORIA. ANNUAL DEMONSTRATION. The celebration of the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne by the local branch of the Loyal Orange Institution of Victoria was continued by a soiree and public meeting at the Alfred Hall last evening. About 700 sat dinrn to tea, catered ' by Mr J. M. Kline in the assembly room. The tables were pre sided over by the following ladies: — Mesdames Mingst, Button, Membrev, Hicks, Williams, Turton, Stuart, Curtis, Kitchen, Berry, Taplin, Dickson, Badge, and Hamil ton; and the Misses Mingst, (2), Kappo, Turton, Dimsey, Dodds, Williams (2), Taplin, Hooley, Douglass (2), White, Scott (3), Quayle, Nicholls, Grenville, Woolcock, and Ballantyne, There was a very large gathering at the subsequent meeting which was held in the main hall, and which, in the absence of Br R. T. Vale, M.L.A., D.G.M., who was to have occupied the chair, was presided over by Br Dimsey. The hall had been beauti fully decorated with wreaths and flowers, while the emblems of the order were con spicuously arranged in various parts of the building. Immediately over the chairman’s seat the letters “L.0.L.,” in gold, were suspended, above which were the words, “ This we will maintain.” At the reverse end of the building banners, bearing the following inscriptions, were hung:—“ No Surrender," “ Success to the Orange Institu tion,” “ Victoria,” and “ William,” Prior to the concert the brethren, headed by a brass band, marched in procession twice round the room, after which they halted and formed a circle for the “ Charter Toast,” the brethren standing in “ link.” Amongst those who occupied seats on the platform .were—Br« R Stewart, R. S. Blair, D. Douglas, W. Fenton, T. Grenfell, W. Dobbin, R. Hamilton, W. Mulder, and J. C. Williams. Apologies were received from Bra R. T. Vale, J. N. Dunn, J. W. Kirton, M’s.L.A., and the hoo. J. P. Patterson, who were absent owing to being detained at Par liament House; The proceedings commenced with the singing of the National Anthem. , The loyal toasts having been honored, the chairman, who, on rising to give his address, \vas received with continued applause, said the.institution was, in his opinion, often mis understood. Although they marched in procession round the room with swords, yet their motto was “Do good to all men.” (Applause.) Their object was to raise the fallen and sympathise with all who were in need of sympathy. In 16S0, when K'ng James and those who were associated with him managed to get his forces in Great Britain, the people decided that they would not endure tyrauy any longer and, consequently, great reforms were effected. (Applause.) They had every reason to thank God for the stand taken by William of Orange. In consequence of his stability and perseverance the people now enjoyed liberity of speech, freedom of action, apd an open Bible. (Applause.) Through his instrumentality the bad things were done away with and the good things fully established, (Applause.) Toast, “ Orangemen all over the World,” coupled with the name of the Imperial Grand Master, the Earl of Erne. (21 guns.) Band, “ Red, white, and blue.” Br the Rev. Chas. Lancaster, in respond ing to the toast, said he was obliged for the right loyal salute given by the audience to tho sentiment. He was proud to be an Orangeman, He admired and loved more and more the principles of the institution. (Applause.) Tens of thousands were at that moment celebrating the event with intense, and, he thought, justifiable enthusiasm. Some people might be ashamed to sit with them, and he had only to say that the feel ing was mutual. All Orangemen all over the world were not always what they might to be, but still he had every reason to be proud of many of his Orange friends. (Applause.) He regarded Orange ism as Protestantism in earnest. He hoped the followers of the order would con tinue-to be true and faithful to its principles. (Applause.) For Luther’s.gallant opposi tion tons of thousands of men, women, and children were murdered, and tho same evils against which he fought were still in exist ence and ought to be protested against. (Applause.) Some might think that these matters ought not to be mentioned at such a gathering, but- if the Church of Rome burled curses at their heads he had to apeak against that which he believed to bs wrong. If they did not believe in tho doctrines of Catholicism, they were accused by men of Rome. It was justifiable to speak out against such views. (Applause.) The Church of Rome might spare her curses. We take, the liberty to think for ourselves, and if anybody refused to accept the teach ings of the blessed Bonk of God, we should be sorry for them, but we will not hurl hack the curses. (Applause). They, the Orange men, cared not for learned councils or an infalliable pope, but they looked to the Holy Ghost, the word of the Lord J-sus Christ. (Applause.) The Church 'of Rome said repent and you shall be forgiven. Yet he knew that that Church had not repented for her persecu tions of old. (Applause.) Protestants hud erred and persecuted, but Orang"men were ashamed of it, and hoped it would never be repeated. (Applause.) The name of Wil liam of Orange was dear to them, but much dearer was the name of the Lord Jesus Christ the King of Kings. He appealed to those present to trust in Him wbo died for all men, and hope and work for the glorious day when Orangemen would be regarded as a synonym for Christianity, (Applause.) Solo (cornet), Mr Carrah. Recital, “ Tho gas account,” Mr P. C. Murray. Toast, “Apprentice Boys of Derry" (croppies lie down.) Band, “ Protestant Boys.” Br the Rev. A. Rogers responded. He would say, “No surrender." This was the cry of the apprentice boys of Darry some 200 years ago when they went to shut the gates of the city. The boys hud heard that there were traitors in the camp, and they went to the rescue and shouted, “No popery and no surrender.” (Applause.) The people of the present day bad not to battle against the same evils as had the boys of Derry, but still there were many evils against which they needed to fight or the city would bn overthrown and despoiled. (Applause.) Luther’s spirit of “no surrender” was worthy of imitation. He (Luther) »>■ warned of the danger, but he was not afraid. If the Church of Rome were not openly battling against Protestantism, and endeavoring to overthrow the prin ciples and buildings, it was eeoretly work ing ns rigorously as ever. It was diffi cult to understand all their tactics, because they did not work in open day; but in the dark were striving to pull down the grand old walls of Protestantism. (Applause.) It was necessary as Protestants to band our selves together and speak against the system and religion of the Roman Catholics. Against the Roman Catholics he had not one word to say, but still he was in duty bound to shout “No popery," (Loud ap planse.) Ode, “ Dare to he a Christian,” audience. Sentiment, “Heroes of the Boyne" (Kentish fire).; Band. “Boyne water.” Past Master Br W. Turton, in response, said it was well known that history repeated itself, and he therefore considered that they should repeat a little of history. He did not think that it was wise to bring all the old conflicts and troubles. It was necessary to keep these things ever before the minds of the rising generations. They kept up the authority of the Bible. They should con stantly speak of that which was important. The Battle of the Boyne settled the destiny of the people of that day, and he hoped that they would ever remain settled. (Applanse.) All the English battles were kept up, and in his opinion the memory nf the Battle of the Boyne should be kept fresh and green. (Applause.) The toasts of “ Parliament" and “ Tho Ladies" were also honored. The proceedings terminated with tho singing nf the National Anthem. At intervals a number of vtoil, instrumental, and literary contributions were ably rendered by Mesdames Trewin and Allen, Misses Rillstone. Mingst, B. B. Wil liams, Morgan, Rose VaUins, J. J. Allen, and Messrs G. Nedwell, T. Downer, W. J. Sampson, Pascoe, Murray, T. Williams, Harris, and Roberts, 