-4- O. T'rusday evening AIr. \1. 1). V. Reid, of Yicnar, guave a very ia teresting lecture in the .Mieclhaics' Institute, entitled "Shakespeare and the Driama." The chair was occupied by Mr. Pettit who apologised for the absence of Mir. H. C. Jones, who was unable to attend owing to illness in his fanily. The cllirman intro. duced the lecturer to his audience, who received him with applause. On rising he said hio writer is better known, nor, to use a paradox, worse known than Avon's noble bard and mighty play. wright, William Shakespeare. lie is extensively talked of, frequently read, but seldom studied. Yet he has done more to diffuse a know'edite of English history than all historians put to gether. Recently, however, a new in. terest has been awakened in thike;. peare by the efforts of an ingenious American, named Ignatius Donnelly, who vainly sought to prove that tllhe plays with which the name of Shakes. peasre stands associated, were written by Lord Bacon. I his he did, first by ii series of letters to the London Press, and. afterwards by the publication of his famous "Cryptogram." Ile con tends that amongst other reasons for advocating the Bacooian authorship of the plays, Shakespeare lacked tie necessary education which must have been possessed by the writer, and also the opportunity of travel which their author-displars in the accurate des cription of. places other than En.Jlant, in which some of the scenes are laid. When this controversy first attracted attention, the London .Punch sumnmed it up in a carricature representing Shakespeare on a pedestal, a hoar up rooting the base, across wrhose back was written "Bacon," and underneath the suggestive explanation, "a pig headed attack upon our icnmorta bard," whilst as a solution of the pro blem, it has been propounded that after all Donnelly may tie partially right, for it may nct I:ive been Shakespeare who wrote the playb, liut another man of the saute name. iHow. ever, with regard to Ignatius Dan nelly's first point, shakespeare lacked the necessary learning, it may be remarked that he was educated in the Grammar School of his native towrn, Stratford-on.Avon, being one of the schools founded by Edward VI., where he doubtlessly received the rudiments of a good English educa tion, and acquired t!he little Latin and less Greek, which Ben Jonson satiri sally says that he was possessed OL Besides the classics were accessible to the English reader long before the days of Shakespeare, as were also the histories of Greecennd Rome. Buton the other hand, the strength of the Shnkespearian drcama lies not in scholastic techinicalities, hut ic their 0 breadth, and depth of human nature, ' which makes their author essentially d the poet of Ihumanity. Thus " rare I Ben Jonson," with all his classical d culture tried to portray Romans, but a when delineated on the stage have noth a ing Roman about them save their name \- and garb. On the other Ichnd Shakes o peare in "Troliuc and Cresida," turns Romans into Englishmen, but still I their cap bilities are developed with b out losing their natural consistency, i for within each bosoms heats iv a heart in eternal unison with human 1e ity. In other words, Sha:kespeards h characters-are not abstractions, but I. men, they represent not some one 1 attribute, but all that goes to make a id man, they in turn become charged and r- modified by the predomineating passion sc of the scene. Thus the gallant Mac to beth, whose letters to-day tr.uasports ShIris wife beyond the ignorant present, t, who pricks with ambition the sides of is his intent, becomes to morrow a is coward before that vision pro d. ceeding from a heat-oppressed brain td Whilst Richard tihe third, -hlao one en day delighted not in the weak piping times of peace, but rather in the battle's van, and for whom six Rich monds held no dread, becomes the next or day terrified by the baseless fauric oi a ad vision. Again it must be renmembered that many of the stories on which the plays are founded, were circulated in England before his time. For instanct, take "Romeo andt Juliet." The story which firnished the groundwork of this I plot was popular in England long befnre u.p our dramatic version appeared. The of original author was Lui:ai-da-Porto, :lt who published it ica 1535. It ad borrowed and improved by lian Sdello in 1554; it is next met itt or in tihe French version of Belle Sforest. The earliest Englishc er ud sion is by Arthur Brook in 152 n. entitled, "The Tragical History ef he Romeus and Juliet," purporti"g to b 0 -taken from the Italian of Bandehlo, Sbut agreeing with tihe French version of Belleforest in tile continnuation of iy Juliet's trance until the death of Romeo. In 1567 appeared a prtnS \- version by William Paynter, in inc m, 'Palace of Pleasures," witit thei tragedy of Shakespeare did not apPeBr until 1597. The Veronese regard the story as true, and fix the date ot occurrence in 1303; it bears a strong resemblance to the love adventurn of Abrocomas, and Anthiai Zeno, Oe Ephesus. Tie tragedy of " BanBll u. is taken from the French of fBele sy forest, who himself borrowed it fro.0 ' Saxo Granmmaticus, a DaRisc hiSstorian s tice original date is 1204, and the fles s publication in English, 1514, exsCocl half a century before the bLrth f as Shakespeare. "The bsIerlhat.on cil Venice," is founded on a conbinhines a. of two incidents taken from tile Gaet Id .Romanorcum, entitled "Thie Bond, icd s thie Casket, or the Rich lei ems an the ro Cruel Jew." With regard to tihe objet tion founded ot the accuracytl d description, be it said, that one of tlc '- most graphic descriptions of Indi , e ll people, manners and customs, hIS tiee il- delieated by a man who neve.r , Ce foot on hler shores, and which Ies "rh cg been surpasssed even by tl, OS iob have, viz., that given by ECd.ed SBurke in hIis impeachment of sun ad Hastings." Whilst what can surp ed that vivid Oriental picture drawf hJ ed, Moore icc" llch Rookhc," so striling indeed, that at the time of its pa it tiocn, trany found it IcaRd to heliest ii to be tice work of a manwco It4 never visited the scenes he so a Seurately depicted. The strongs Sevidence, however, in favor. i the Shakespearian authlorslhip, s tsuh a sfact that hIe was regarded is t_ a by his contemporaries. t~ot she Spresuming too much to assert tat ti Speople who knew the man, and o-? nessed his then inccredited pr tda or tions, wero better judges of tlcc authorship than a popularity ""e thine centuries after iecr1 is a well - known fact trh Earl cf South:nmpton, to t tha speare dedicated his Sacl Adonis" and the "Ripe aerate."re.sented iti:n with £1,000 eia:r,;ethe parchase, the letter l m c.t.ant. Queen Elizitet h 'pe.;as:l with the character of in the alitter rart of " Henry 2 ." tihat she requested lhim to o.t.r play in which the t krnit would appear in love, S vlhich lie completedl in the , I?.?is cf Windsor," whilst 3 ,e :!ir.., wrote him an amicable a n ra:tr for the graceful com r ': paiid to His M.a;jesty in "'I:i C dl" O;ce more, in 1593, Francis r maenti.ns tmany of the more ima pls as Shakespeare's. .ri?? if we conmpare carefully the sal ibite1d in tie phlys of Shake ire th that in Bacon's Forum SDe IIgmsienti or the Essays, atrs::'t t:.n js prominently forth. o throughcout, appeals to the ,Shiak.eare to the heart, f. s t of a'l the affections. ,ht thoach the balance of proba \- points to the Shakespearian a sh"h:p, it most ever be borne in id that few and scanty are the .ars of that wonderful life, whose rya mighti st in English literature, ,ri ahich ihas exerted no small in .ice in forming the national- charac . Greene sums up his history -?" He was born, married,. ."cs plays and died." His real ;aty rIes rather in a critical 'htc of his idcines, than in the nnL-:aion of uncertain traditions. r: he was born at Stratford-on -,_ ta: April 2"3rd, 1564, is attested glebrpttismal register of that place. i arly occupation has been a n et f rmchl speculation, and great r:-r-;tIV By some professed nt?,hies, it is held that he followed the o:cpa:ion of his father, John Lzere,wsool stapler,hy others that t?b ae:aed in that of a glover and ir,: l~ast a third is inclined to iaiat h w as a butcher. Malone ti_. th;t bring his youth he was aartl s : solicitor's office. And .?z, oea. asserts that he performed t?Lt?. aut honourable duties of a ? -?r sihool master. Turning a,in ra the field of fact, from the e-ta'a by-way of tradition, we ¢v: f-em the in erriage register, that ties ac. of eighteen he was married tArce Hathaway, of Shottery. lie a:-tar primineatly associated with e wild compainions, who effected a ~*i!:t raid upon the deer park of ErE,.ma s !.uy, who instigated pro -i-.s aa':st the culprits, to evade relp Shak, speare fled to London. ?£r to his tfight he lampooned rThormas Lucy in a ballad which he racied to thI park gates. IIe after reds satirised the same gentleman, der the name of Alr. Justice Shal , in the opening scene of the .-rry Wives of Windsor." It is 3that after his arrival in London earned a precarious living by 'ing gentlen.en's horses outside the tre, whilst their owners witnessed 1ipe?iormanice- Subsequently we Shihm i!lent:fied with the Globe and xfdriar's theatres, in the capacity ita;hor, actor and manager. The aht of his performance is said to I?L been the ghost in his -own 'hhal" t.' here he gained a com pace in a few years, on which he sse tao ?is native town. where he I0n his birthday, 1616, at the age if.y-:te, after having fulfilled tile -ki z erfeeC:ing the English drama. .e t in its rise was connected iz r i-gin. The church was the -i ..he? _f the modern drama. :!: e worshF..-ip of Bacchus was nc:l,~.d! imtn Egypt to Athens, :r if?s,: werle established in honor ?' .s Ji:r. Two of these were f-Iol with great magnificence. IL.:i. - cfitice in which a golt was ..::L rts :rand people joined in :. :?y::s.. [ Ience we have the first :rt Dr:f 1 t:e drama, viz., tragedy. l . -ig derived from tragos, is:. :.d c,,. a song.] These hymns -:,3:::tis by the company, r ,:h::.- li, aosen bands answering ti.::l cI-:. :"ad thus forming a e.:.ar :iit sprung thie dramatic PF'-^-l? .ft erwards became so t:,.-:-dt i.rccthout Greece. Thespis , i -.hu?t 55 B.C., intro d:n?o-: a to between the songs -i i'. a??,. the deeds of some hero d ::'. This continued until t:1. 1:whylus, who infused a \- Ir.-?,dy. Following the tr?.- (;ice and Rome, tile h:. :. tla drama under tribute -.-.e i'op!e pf an age when "':..? : ditased, but rather \- i mI eastic walls, in re 1:5:: ::.i. t. IIeance we have the .:: .:: i t t first form of the t::tn m!etd. 11 means of these, :lrF irs:ructed the peoplein J;0a v-rries. These in turn ' r·e,,?, i- y thie moralities, . r,-r, dsiged to enforce rules ca, cc.: ,f life. These reached rfctio u:der Henry VII., cli .a the first period of tile ':. Ie:aink . The second period is ,mark-d by the union of the ;r ;with the religious element. ..at:dl hii: that produced by -tlhe \- d cssieal antiquity, ending i:riin nr a f Shakespeare. The \- t Shakespeare may be :' :lt:.r oiur iheadlings. Tihe Ph,(embracing English Eun), tie Tral-edics, the "i, and tihe Fairy Plays. Most a t:storI:,l plays, however, n'ear the headin, of tramgey P Vl. TIhus "Richalrd the air, ' Anthony and Cleopatra" , .' ti formeir, and "Henry r?r ' under theilt: latter. The a2 Fiatafi of which is un lyti tleh at comllic creation on A de.al Ilas said abiout the .. i*ta, iceae of the drama upon L. Ce*. re deservedly merited, C leap.d hothl on it, and on its ts i far, so good, but this ha te s ih!e of the question, on ar ide lies a depraved public 1 e, r~ rvi', for questionable at ,tati i ridiculous burIes .a al.ur;I farces, whilst in this _: ..adl Selentifie nineteenth Shakespeare still spells ruin. 'ds-, whilst the schlblatrly ' C.org . Miln, expounded ,a to aliiost emnpty benches, hi. -- aOai) a bankrupt, Sarah d itaea London Gailty SrP t::iSa--d thle emipty coffers iet d treisury. Thus -r? it ho d the chief place i i S, e '" ", men and women e, comic sso:g and the innuendo, to the serious musings of " amlet" on the probability of a future state, or the effort of Hamlet's uncle to pray whilst unrepcnted, un atoned guilt preased heavily upon him, making him realise that while his words flew up, his thought re mained belo\w, though words without his thoughts to heaven could never ,o. Similarly on the higher religious level, the minister of the Gospel has the same difficulty to contend against in his efforts to imlpress men with the serious realities of life-men, who pre fer the yellow back novel, racing calendar, or Sunday newspaper to the Bible, and the gambling saloon and race course to the sanctuary. In con clusion, let us remember that life it self is a great drama, for as sings Shakespeare, " All the world's a stage and all the men and women merely players, they have their exits and entrances, and each man in his time plays nany parts," and wonderful are the varieties of this life drama; with some it Is little better than a foolish farce, or as Macbeth in his agonizing hour of despair puts it, "Life's but a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no mbre." With others it is a tragedy, unsurpassed in horror by anything ever represented-by Henry Irving fromil the footlights of the Lyceum. This being so, let us each endeavour to the best of our ability to act a good, a noble and a manly part in the realistic drama of life ;remember ing as sings England's present Poet Laureate, "'Tis unly noble to be good. Kind hearts are more than coronets, - And simply faith than Norman blood." At the conclusion of the lecture, MAr. Fenden moved a vote of thanks to M.r. Reid, which was seconded by Mr. West, and carried unanimously. A slmilihr compliment to the chairman, on themotion of Mr. J. Draffin brought the meeting to a close. 