Ufrs, nesmit OH Gliost*. LKOTUHINQ on April 3 at Milton Hall, Kentish-town, on the aubjeot of apparitions, Mrs. Beannt said what science meant in talking of ether was what the theosophist meant when he spoke of " astral" matter, only in the one oaae it bad been subjected to experiments and was understood, while in the other case the experiments were at present of the most elementary character; and, although most promising of the future, they were not yet very reliable in the explanation of certain curious and abnormal phenomena. Now they got a number of apparitions whioh had this common characteristic - they were uncon- scious. A person awoke: and saw a form which said nothing, and did nothing except stand there. It generally looked somewhat mournful and disconsolate, and speedily dis- appeared. . This was a most unsatisfactory kind of thing, afforded no explanation of its presence, and thora was nothing to show why it came. The person who saw it was not quite sure whether it was real or fanciful, was not quite sure whether he himself was awake or asleep. The apparition appeared ut night, frightened him for a moment, and the next moment, it was gone. Thia kind of apparition was nothing more than what theo- sophy describod aa a picture of revelation in the astral light. The modus operandi was this. There was an intense thought ' in tho mind of some person. That thought was a real energy, a real force, quite as real as electric- ity. . It was quite as real as an electric force that could be sent through space. And it was not without siguifîcance that, whenever they got thought-action, they got electrical action. Their medical_ man would tell them that, when there was thought in connection with the brain, thero was electrical action in con- nection with the brain. When they thought intensely on the physioal plane they set free electricity, and, on the astrol plane, they set up á current through this astral matter or ether. They thought intensely of a person, and the current Bet up in astral matter or ether went in the direction of that person as certainly as they could send a current along a wire, when they wished it to reach a distant town. This set of ethereal vibrations, reaching the person who was intensified, in their thought, affected the person by tho sumo medium, and, in some OIÍSBB, appeared 'as an objective reality. In very many cases only as a mental impression was the person thought of. What were the conditions under which this unconscious picture WHB produced? It was_ constantly produced where a person was dying, and where the dying person was exceedingly desirous of seeing some absent friend or relotivp. It must often happen between those closely united by ties of blood or of affeotion. Most of these astral pictures were between cloBe relatives or close friends, and the evidence was, to her mind, indubit- able that suoh occurrences did tnko place, for they might find, over and over again, instances in whioh the person seeing the apparition had made a note at the time, of tho' day, tho hour and the place j and it had boen subsequently found that at that precise timon friend passed through tho change men called '. death," and that tho nows whioh was thus carried by those antral vibrations was news aa true and aa real as though it were flashed along tho electrical wire. -< 