THB PHANTOM CHIME Weld, there certainly are things in this world that no one can cxpluin. Now, I guess I've got as much nerve as any average man, and I don't believe in ghosts, either, but, by George 1 if I didn't have an experience onco tnat maao me leot quoer : Tell you the story? Well, there's no use in it — you won't believe mo if I do, and it's something I seldom tell anyone. But I'll tell you, if you like. I haven't been the aaine man since. It was while I was in Kansas, about 0 years ago. Tho man I was working for — by the name of Wellington— had bought two or three neighboring farms, so the ranch was about six miles square; and as it waB a long distance to headquarters for the men to go at mealtimes, ho had left one of the farm houses standing, and built a couple of other shanties for convenience. Now the house that was left undisturbed had beou owned by a man named M'Donoll, a mavericker, that is,, one who hunts stray cattle and brands thorn as his own. Of course he was pretty much disliked anyway, and when, one day in September, a young fellow" driving a herd north stopped at M'Donell's ranch and was never seen again it . did not help his reputation. A man's death in free fight doesn't amount to much on the plains, but when it comes to killing a guest in bed it alters the case. So, after fivo or six weeks ,'M'Donell found it con venient to sell out and move. Well, sir, I went out West in May and was put to sleep, with about half a dozen other men, in that bouse, and we stayed there peaceably until the first of September,- when suddenly all of tho men but myself and one other fellow had orders to change our lodging. This seemed strange, but I - was used to minding my own uusiness and so said uuiiiiug, wuuu one morning yv cuiugton came to me and said : " Soo here, Lorritt, I'll send hammocks around for you and M'Cullock, und you sleep in them under the trees. I want you to keep clear of the house. I don't believe in ghosts— of course not— but there have been queer goings on every September since M'Donell loft that keep everyone from sleeping in it." I answered to the effect that I thought I could stand it if M'Cullock could, aud gave no more thought to the matter. My comrade was a cowboy, born and bred on the plains, who feared neither God nor devil, and who could kill his man at 20 yards us easily and surely as grim death himself. His nerves aud muscles seemed of iron. He would face a grizzly single-handed, and I have seen him challenge three men at once, aud a fight with three furious cow boys is no child's play. It was this man who was ordered to swing his hammock beside miue, and I do not mind saying that I felt more weary of my bedfellow than of a whole regiment of ghosts. , . For'two or three nights all wont well,.; but on the fourth the rain ca.me . dbwn in torrents, and I made up my mind to sleep iu the house. . Feelingsju-e M'Cullock would agree with me, I said I: was tired of being drenched ; but to my intense surpriso he said not over tenderly : " Well, sleep iu the house if you want to, but .you'll be a d— d fool if you'do." \- That was all I could get out of him ; but with my usual stubbornness I decided to fuce that ghost or die ;in- the attempt; and, let me tell; you, I came pretty near doing 'both: -'V';'; : Truo to my intention, as evening oamo on I -went upstairs to survey my quarters. The floor consisted of two small square rooms connected by an open doorway — both en tirely bare, and - each lighted by a tiny window facing the open plains. Satisfied that -no one could enter cither room withont my- knowledge I gave M'Cullock a last warning that if he played any tricks on me I would put . a bullet in his head, and feel ing quito sure of on undisturbed night rolled myself up iu my blauket and went to sleep, smiling derisively at the idea of u spook. I slept like a top for what must have been four or fivo hours, when I started up awake, filled with that indescribable feeling of terror that superstitious people attribute to tho tread of a stranger over one's future grave. Waves of heat aud cold chased each other down ray back ; every hair on iny .head seemed to rise and stand erect and separate from its fellows ; my nerves quivered as if with pain ; my joints trembled, and I found myself listening with bated breath to the sound of a heavy, but stealthy, footfall coming up the stairs towards the room in which I lay. On it came, softly, slowly but surely, nearer, nearer, nearer, until I felt I must cry aloud. The moon shone through the doorway into the hall. I could see no one, but the foot steps came on, everyone falling on my ago nised bruin like the stroke of a club. I felt I could stand it no longer, and recklessly clutching my pistol in my shaking hand fired again aud again, oaring for naught but to stop, if possible, the advance of those terrible footsteps. In vain. They still ap proached, and, to my astonishment and terror, I felt a movement on my other side ns if someono lying by me was rising to his feet. The footsteps stole around me, and then began a noise the most awful and uncanny thing I have ever experienced. The two distinct treads pursued each other round the rooms, round and round me, until I was so exhausted by terror I oould not even cry out. Still those flying feet kept on. Ono would gain — the other dodge, and in doing so trip a little — then both would rush past me with a blast of cold air. When I heard thom between me and tho window I fired once more. The bullet went through the opening ; there was nothing there. This state of things went on for what seemed to mo a lifetime, though it could not have been more than 15 minutes, when tho second and lighter step stumbled ; the pur suing spectre went on; there was ashore scuflle und a heavy fall, I sat up half stunned, and was fast losing consciousness when the silence was again broken, and I could havo sworn I heard the sound of planks being torn up from the floor. Then the thief-like tread recurnod to tho spot where the struggle had taken place, and dragging something heavy across the floor, rolled the phantom burden into its phantom grave, and I heard tho planks replaced. All this time I was staring at the spot on tho floor whence camo the sounds, and could Bee nothing — nothing but the moonlight shining on a plain strctcli of smooth pine boards ; but I knew just as well that I had witnessed the murder of the young herder who hud died there ten years before as if I had seen as well as heard it done. And I was right, for upon tearing np tho floor tho bleached bonce of a man wore brought to light. A ring on the finger was engraved with the motto " Kismet," and the words "Harry from Bessie;" that was all we ever knew of him. Wo buriod tho skeleton, and since thon nothing unusual has occurred in the house. Bnt as for that mavericker, I don't envy him tho Btato of his mind during the six months he had lo live in that house before it was sold. Eli ? You think a good deal of it imagina tion? Oh, well, 1 didn't expect yoh to be lieve it. Have another cigar. 