The Gift of the Sea The dead child lay in the shroud, And the widow watched beside, And her mother slept, and the channel swept The gale in the teeth of tho tide. Bat the mother laaghed at all. “ I hare lost my man in the sea, And the child is dead. Be still,” she said, “ What more can ye do to me ?” The widow watched tho dead, And the candle guttered low, And she tried to sing tho Passing Song That bids the poor soul go. And “ Mary take you now,” she sang, “ That lay against my heart,” And *• Mary smooth your crib to-night,” Bat she could not say “ Dopart.” Then came a cry from the sea, But the sea-rime blinded the glass, And11 Heard ye nothiug, mother ?" she said, “ ’Tis the child that waits to pass.” And the nodding mother sighed. “ ’Tis a lambing ewe in the whin, For why.Bhould the christened soul cry out ■ That never knew, of sin?” • • • “O, feet I have held in my hand, O, hands at my heart to catch; , , flow should they know the road to go, ' And how should they lift the latch ?” They laid a sheet to the door, ' With the little quilt atop, That it might not hurt from the cold or tho dirt, Bat the crying would not stop. The widow lifted the latch And strained her eyes to seo, And opened the door on tho bitter shore To let the soul go free. There was neither glimmer nor ghost, Their was neither Bpirit or spark. And’” Heard ye nothing mother?” eheaaid, “ ’Tis crying for mo in the dark.” And the nodding mother sighed, “ 'Tis sorrow makes ye doll; Have ye yet to learn tho cry of the tsrn, Or the wail of the wind-blown gull ?” “The terns are blown inland, The grey gull follows the plough. 'Twas never a bird, the voice I heard, Oh, mother, X hear it now 1” “ Lie still, dear lamb, lie still; The child ispaesed from harm, 'Tis the ache in your breast that broke yon* And the feel of an empty arm.” She pat her mother aside, “In Mary’s name let be! , For the peace of my soul I must go,” ehe And she went to tho calling sea. In the heel of the wind-hit pier, Where tho twisted weed waa piled, She camo to the life she hod missed by an i-*T>r For Bhe came to a'little child. * She laid it into her breast, And back to her mother she came, But it would not feint and it would not heed. > Though she gave it her own child's And the dead child dripped on her breast. And her own in the shroud lay stork - And “God forgive ns, mother,’’ aha said, “ We let it die in the dark P* —Rcdyabp Kirmrfl, Xijr. *£&&NIX;’ Tobacco. 