THE COAL MINING INDUSTRY.—THE HASWELL MINE [?]IPPSLAND The coal mining industry for a long time has been crippled in Victoria consequent on many capitalists haring invested in New South Wales coal companies, and because other* who could h-wo made'coal mining a success iu Gippsland stood aloof in conse quence of their failing lo grasp the ultimate importance of the industry to tho colony when f..irly developed. The revelation of tho fact th.it there were almost inexhaustible coal treasures lying not far below tbo surface in Gippsland, has at length arrested the atten tion of many in tho colony and those who have taken the trouble to see for themselves are not chary in prophesying a grand future for tho coal mining industry, as tho various seams are in easy distance of tho branching railways which focus in Melbourne, so that the transit of tho “brown” coaf and tho black diamonds will only cost about 13h 6d per ton. 'i'ho distant rumbling of the coming boom in tbo Vielnnan coni industry bus already boon hoard, even an far as Now South Wales, and our neighbors already anticipate a Keen com petition, and to thorn a very dangerous rivalry. In one instance they have tried to out (he wings of the fledgling industry, as Mr. Searlot, Mirhoo, found u large seam of eoal on his property, and soon after a Now South Wales syndicate interviewed him, and entered into an agreement with him which gave (hem (lie solo power to work this coal seam on his (Mr. Scarlet's) property. When the agreement was signed and sealed, they looked up the property because there was no stipulation in the agreement as the syndicate should start work in mining for eoal. This end, however, was gained —they had locked down an estate of 040 acres, so tho coal treasures underneath should not eomc into competition with the eoal from Now South Wales, Recently the Now South Wales eoal companies have taken time by the forelock, evidently anticipating a speedy and vastly important development of the Victorian eoal mines, us they have made overtures to the Victorian Clovcrninout, and a contract has been entered into so that these Now South Wales companies will supply coal for « period of three years at the low rale of Ids 9d per ton—a contract which would never have boon , made bv (he companies supplying had tboro not been a dread of a great and growing com petition from tho Victorian eoal mines. Wo believe, however, that there is a anting clause in tho agreement, that is, tho Victorian Government may shorten the term if they do sire to do so. the eoal industry, although a mod important one, ha« for somu consider able time been most wilfully neglected. Dur ing the continuance of tho ilhadviued and (radc-erippling maritime strike, the waul of eoul was sorelv felt in \ ictoria, and yet within her own borders, and within n hun dred miles of the great metropolis, millions of tons of coal were stored, covered only by a thin stratum of earthj or tho surface qoilt of nature. The fact is just now patent that the resources of tho colony as far as a coal supply is concerned, is fully commensurate with the present needs of the whole colony, and will apparently ho so for tho next generation. With tho onward march of tho agricultural industry, the forests are becoming depleted, and ultimately the timber supply for fuel will prove a costly affair. Tho discovery of mas sive seams of brown coal in Gippsland is now giving fair promise of cheapening fuel (for household purposes especially), so that this ghost—an increased cost of Inel —may bo said to be laid. There lias boon considerable pre judice against tho brown coal, and many oven condemned it before they know its properties. Tho companies themselves also created a pre judice during tho maritime stride by their suicidal policy of sending very inferior brown eoal to market-, in fact, some of it not oven brown coal, but rubbish. There appears now, however, to be a thorough awakening up to the fact that tee eoal industry is destined to forgo rapidly ahead and assume au import ance never dreamt of a few years ago. The Hasweli Coal Cos., in 'the Ifarracan Valley, have driven a tunnel in the hill on the right hand side of tho railway and Narracan Crook, at a point just before Narracan railway station is reached. They have a very dense scam of brown coal of excellent quality, considered by experts to be tho premier sample of brown eoal yet discovered. Tho seam is of excellent quality for a thickness of 7ft. Underneath this seam there is a well-defined stratum, several feet thick, of fireclay of excellent quality, supposed to bo only excelled by the Stourbridge sample. Underlying this there is another coal seam, and 80ft or 100 ft deeper there is a seam of black coal. A shaft has been sunk at the foot of the hill to intersect this lowermost seam, and is now some 40ft above it. Tho company, however, baring such a lino sample of brown eoal in the tunnel, are anxious to concentrate their efforts in that direction, as they consider that they would soon bo in a position to send a groat quantity of excellent coal to market. They are satis fied that the sine qua non to their auccoss now lies in tho construction of a branch rail | way lino to connect with tho tunnel, »o that facilities could he given for sending the coal to market. Tho Railway department have, therefore, been communicated with in refer ence to putting in a siding, and Mr. Mac phorson, assistant engineer, has already sur veyed tho proposed line, drawn plans, ami estimated the cost of construction. Tho lion, J. Sternberg, M.L.C., having bean fully seized of tho importance of offering every facility for the development of tho coal mining industry', and believing in the bona fldes of tho llaswell Coal Company, ho has spared no pains to further their interests. Luckily for tho industry. Mr. Outlrim, Minister of Minos, has fully grasped the situation, and plainly secs tho importance of giving reasonable facilities for tho develop ment of tho coal resources of the colony. Through Mr, Sternberg’s representations to the Railway department, an inspection of tho Hasweli Mine was determined upon, as well as others in tho same locality. On Monday. Mr. Macpherson, assistant engineer,proceeded to Gippsland on behalf of the department, and was accompanied by tho mayor of Ben digo (Mr. J. H. Abbott, UL.C'), Hon. J. Sternberg, M.L.C., and Messrs. Alcock and Egglestone, directors of tho Hasweli Coal Cos. The journey from Melbourne, which commenced at 4.30 p.m., was an "biceodingly tedious one, for there are no less that 32 different stations between Princes Bridge and the Narracan, where tho journey ceased at 9.30 p.ra. The journey was exceedingly dull and monotonous, os while daylight lasted, and after leaving tho populous suburbs of tho groat metropolis, tho little country seen be fore tho curtains of night wore drawn around presented a cheerless spectacle, as water seemed to be considerably in evidence. There was not even the rapid whirl of tho train to inspire any hope of getting to tho journey’s cud, for tho driver appeared to bo mainly occupied in starting, and before any great rate of speed was obtained the process of slowing the engine had to bo repeated in order to bring the train* to a standstill oppo site to some small hamlet on tho line. After many weary hours, the party disembarked at Narracan, and through tho cold raw atmo sphere of Gippsland Ihoy wore piloted to tbeir rendezvous for the evening, on the slope of one of tho ranges near tho station. After having been hospitably entertained and well cared for during the night, the party started off at 7 o’clock in the morning to inspect the Hasweli mine. Tho visitors had a somewhat novel experience, as Jack Frost had been at work during tho night, and tho sloppy places of the previous night were hard as flint, and the little pools by the way were covered with shoots of ice, and in come places there were beautiful fretwork congelations most pleasing to the eye. The green verdure was hoary white with tho frost-dust, and where tho loaves wore hirsute the vegetation presented a most beautiful appearance, and when the snn rose tho face of tho country appeared to sparkle like diamonds. As there was no train due, the railway gangers’ trolly had to bo utilised as a mode of transit to the llaswell mine. The trolly was packed with luggage and a living freight, tho mayor of Bendigo occupying a front seat, one which ho scarcely scorned to feel easy in as the trolly whirled rapidly down the incline. Speed was slackened, and a stop made opposite tho Hasweli mine. Tho mine is situate but a short distance from tho railway lino, operations having been lately con fined to the putting in of a tunnel from tho face of the hill. The tunnel is now in 300 ft, with a fine seam of brown coal in the face. Samples of the eoal were broken out of the face by Mr, Egglestone and examined by the visitors. Mr. Macpherson, who has had considerable experience in tho Gippsland dis trict, said that this was the best sample of brown coal yet discovered, Messrs. Abbott and Sternberg wore also very favorably im pressed with the appearance of tho coal, and were thoroughly satisfied as to the bona fidos of tho company. Tho proposed route of the branch lino was then inspected, as pointed out by Mr. Macpherson. tho prepared plan of tho same being also shown. The whole party wore satisfied that the brand) line should ho proceeded with as soon as possible. Tho whole cost of cons!ruction will amount to about £l4OO. Two hundred and fifty pounds will cover (ho expenses in connection with the works inside the railway fence and tho balance in traversing tbc company’s property to the mine. Mr. Macpherson will forward his report, to tho department early next week, and it is hoped that a commencement will soon be made with the siding. The time appears to be an opportune one, as this work will absorb a few of the unemployed, and when finished will open up a still wider Held for labor, and also tend to cheapen fuel for the working classes. Tho fostering of tho coal industry will ultimately prove a source of almost unbounded wealth to tho colony. After finishing the inspection of the Hasweli mine, tho party once more embarked on Ike trolly and swiftly made a journey of two miles, where a halt was made at the Coal ville coal mine, where at a depth of 100 ft the company are successfully working n seam of black coal, which varies in tbiokness from Ift 4in to Ift lOin. Tho working of this seam gives a margin of profit to tho company. The company have two winding engines, one haul ing tho coal up the incline as they follow the seam in its dip, and tho othor hauling tho coal to tho surface in trucks holding between eight and nine hundredweight Tho whistle of tho approaching down train was heard, and tho party made for tho Coalvillo station, and shortly commenced tho home journey, passing first through a forest of almost branchless eucalypti towering upwards to a height of 70ft or 80ft, and straight as arrows, as if they had individually grown upwards towards tho sky by tho side of plumb linos bung from the azure vault above. On one section of the lino, but much nearer Melbourne, there woro strange and fantastic clumps of scrub, almost impenetrable, the clumps shaped like moun tains with central peaks and sloping sides. Tho most interesting point bn tho lino is tho town of Worragul, whoro tho train lingers until tho passengers |hav© dined. It is at Warragul whore tho mammoth earthworms— Oft and 7fl long—burrow and squirm, limiting the crust of |ho earth vocal with Klrange gurgling tsnimdu an they lunnol their way through Iho earth, swallowing nnd mys teriously absorbing tin) bulk of tho earth hewn out of tho subterranean chambers they make. Warragul is also noted for being able to produce mammoth potatoes, some speci mens being 9in in length ai.d within an on nee of 31b in weight. Those remarkable potatoes come to maturity in three months, ami are called “Brownell's Beauty." Fine specimens of fruit are also grown near this town. After a long and weary rido tho party arrived in Melbourne, being, however, well satbfhd with (heir trip to Gippsland, inas much as they hud soon for themselves some of the coal resources of the country, and satisfactorily learnt that Victoria possessed vast hoards of fuel, (he residuum of the de composed vegetation of the pritmoval forests ami the stored sunshine of ancient days. 