A METHODIST MISSION. A WELCOME MEETING. That venerable minister of tho gospel of the Wesleyan Methodist Church (Rev. J. Watsford) arrived by the Melbourne express nn 'KririnvmnrniiifT t.n nnndnnf: Jin picrhtppn il.ivfi' mission in Pirie-street, Archer-stree% and the Kent Town Churches. There were on the station platform to meet him and Mrs. Watsf ord Lady Colton, Kevs. James Allen (President of the Conference), J. B. Stephenson. H. T. Bur gess, D. S. Wylie, and P. C. Thomas, Messrs. J. C. Hill, J. K. Bradbury, and J. W. Mouland, and others. The Rev. C. T. Now- | man alighted with Mr. Watsford, he having ? joined the train en route, returning from Home . Mission deputation work. The rev. gentle- ( man is well known to the older members of the Wesleyan body here. Between twenty-four i and twenty-five years ago he laboured in the ' South Australian Circuit, when he left to take ; charge of a Church in Melbourne. He had the | superintendence of Home Mission work there ' for eight years. In 1S71 ho was chosen as President of the Australasian Wesleyan Con ference, and in 1878 as President of the General Conference. About two and a half years ago Mr. Watsford was laid aside with a serious illness, from recovery of which it was doubtful, but nine months' complete rest was sufficient to restore him to health again. About eighteen months ago he was placed on the supernumerary list. After regaining his strength and being released from the direct charge of a Church he began his mission of evangelization, or, as he informed one of our representatives, the mission for the Christian promotion of holi ness. Travelling through Victoria, Kew South Wales, and Queensland, and holding mission conventions there, he did much good. He had held as many as fifteen services a week. Mr. Watsford assisted the Rev. Mr. Grubb in bis evangelizing mission at all his conventions, and he spoke of the large amount of spiritual good derived from the ser vires which were held by them. At Ballarat just prior to leav ing for this colony Mr. Watsford attended a great mission composed of ministers of all denominations. Chatting upon the Christian unity of tho Methodist bodies, he is exceedingly sanguine of success, and considers that the union will be brought about shortly. After his three weeks' mission here the rev. gentleman returns to Victoria to hold a great convention at Melbourne, and then on to Sydney to do likewise. At the Pirie-strcet Wesleyan Lecture Hall in the evening a large number of people extended a welcome to Mr. Watsford. As minister of the Pirie- street Circuit the Rev. J. B. Stephenson presided. On the platform were several ministers of the denomination and of the Bible Christian and Baptist bodies. In cordially welcoming the Rev. J. Watsford, the Rev. J. Allkn (President of the Wesleyan Conference) said the rev. gentleman by his presence brought to his mind many precious and hallowed memories. It was in the first year of his ministry that he heard Mr. Wats ford, who had laboured among them for six years, preach. The Rev. C. T. Newman and himself were then boys. They had been trying to serve God on Methodist lines throughout the length and breadth of South Australia, ar.d to mark the progress made since Mr. Watsford had left them he would quote a few figures. At his departure there were 135 Wesleyan Methodist Churches, now there were 2C2. Then there were twenty-four ministers, now sixty-six. Their membership was 4,GG3, now it was 7,445. They had then 9,344 Sunday-school scholars, now there were 12,101. Those who attended public worship then numbered 24,954, now the number was 47,635. Other Churches as well as themselves had helped forward the cause of Christianity. Auxiliaries to this work had been the Salva tion Army, who were the newer type of Methodists. (Hear, hear.) They thanked God for Mr. Watsford's spared health. He had pleasure in welcoming Mr. Watsford. Applause.) After a few lines of scripture had been read, the Rev. J. Watskord announoed that he had no prepared address, but would speak as the Lord led him. He would tell them as briefly as he could a little of bis experiences, and he would do so without any hesitation. All his life as a Christian minister he had believed in entire sanetiJiea tion— (Hear, hear)— and had seen the souls of men saved. Four years ago a number of ministers in Melbourne of all denominations, some twenty in all, met and determined week after week to plead with God for the fulness of the Spirit for themselves and for the out pouring of the Spirit of God for tho Churches. Speaking of the Rev. S. Chapman, he said that through that gentleman's instrumentality many souls were saved. The band of ministers he had referred to were still engaged pleading. God was making thab band a great blessing to him and to all the Churches in Melbourne. (Hear, hear.) The rev. gentleman then re ferred to a serious illness he had undergone, and stated that what the Lord revealed to him in his sickness he could not tell. God had taken possession of him then as never before. In answer to prayer he was [restored to health again, and sent back to do work for God. He knew God had some special work for him to do, yet for a long time he knew not what it was. For nine months lie never preached, but during that period God taught him what he should praise Him for throughout eternity. God; had informed him that he had a certain work to do, and what the work was, and He had never failed him when called upon. The Convention at Geelong was an answer to prayer. A Church of England minister, the Rev. Mr. Grubb, was invited to preside. Mr. Grubb was a wonder ful man. Thank God for him. They had all read about the sinners of the gathering. Mr. Grubb Eaid the Lord would givo him all the money needed to carry on his work, and lie said sometimes people had money and the Lord told them to give. Not another word was said to press anybody to give. One man rose from his place and put a handful of silver on the table, another gold. Then came promises for cheques for sums ranging up to £120. Others gave their watches, and he had counted no less than between twelve and twenty gold watches on the table. Ladies took off their earrings and the gentlemen their finjrer-rings until within a half-hour there had been contributed £1,100. At Sydney every night a hall made to hold 2,500 persons was jiacked. Each night two overflow meetings were held, and the gatea had to be locked to keep the people out. The power of God upon them was overwhelming. At Lanneeston subsequently they had a more glorious convention than at the other places ; they had the mighty power of God upon them from beginning to end. Fifty ministers rose and announced there to Mr. Grubb that they had received full consecration. Mr. Watsford urged believers to come to the point of decision there and then, and said he was not so much concerned about the unsaved, because if the members of the Church became filled with the Holy Ghost outsiders would fall under the in fluence. He needed no apology to Methodists to preach about this entire sanctification, because they knew what it meant ; and if they got this blessing here, depend upon it it would move Adelaide as it had never been moved before. He prayed that they might have it at the very beginning of his mission, and then all through the meet ings, when the Lord would be with them and bless them, pnd His work would gloriously prosper in Ihis city. Mr. Watstord referred to the cultivation of union among the Churches, and urged it upon his hearers. Then he im plored them to look for the fulness of God 's bless ing. Would those that would do so stand up ? The majority of the congregation did so. Ho offered up prayer imploring the Lord to help them. Might there be a work here the like of which they had never known before. By this time those present were much moved, and the Rev. .1. B. Stephenson in announcing a hymn, which the congregation would sing eitting, intimated that afterwards he would let Mr. Watsford conduct the meeting as he thought best. The hymn was eung, the congregation sitting. A verse was afterwards sung, the congregation being on their knees. Mr. Watsford asked ministers to pray. The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B.. offered prayer. He had finished, but the Rev. Mr. Watsford still asked the ministers to pray on. Another minister responded. Silent prayer followed, and then an exhortation was offered up by Mr. Watsford. A hymn waa followed by the Doxolojry, after which some of the congrega tion left, but many remained behind to be assisted in their devotional exercises by the rev. gentleman. 