MY MOTH Eli'S LOVER. (Bv ' B.A.ll.T.' The Mountain.) CHAPTEIt HI. j The boys pronounced us radiant as we came downstairs dressed, to have a last look at the rooms. We had each given up a flower or two to make buttonholes for them, which wc be stowed and pinned on as a matter ot course. I daresay Percy and George made Atlio and Delia pay the penalty ; at any rate I evaded it. The guests were arriving in shoals. As the rooms filled we retired behind the scenes, and soon began. I will not describe our piece in detail for it is one of the usual style selectod. We bad chosen oar costumes to suit ourselves as much as possible, not our parts. 1 was the first to come on the stage as a rustic maiden, in a very girlish dress. Of course all eyes were directed to me— I saw but one pair. He was sitting next to my mother, his face wearing a very gloomy look, and his eyes seemed to pierce me through and through. I dare not look him in the face, yet 1 knew he was watching me and thinking of me as a loved one's daughter. So much for niy conviction that I did not love him. I went through my part in a dream, and came off wretchcdly in the acting of the gay maidenhood of the young rustic maid. The others tried to make up for it, but my failure seemed to haw discouraged them. But to wards the cud, as the love-lorn, bitter woman, 1 mode quite a sensation. Some of the audi ence had their handkerchiefs out. Ma looked pale. Mr. Glenhopc peculiar. *' You did tliat 4 spiffen,' ' said Charlie ex citedly, as I came off. ( 'Just saved us,' said another. ' I was mortally afraid that we were going to be a failure,' from another. It was the last act. Bella was the maiden now. The rich heiress of Cranbury Court. I find out hy acctdeut about iter clandestine meetings with a handsome stranger ; I meet her, and takes the liberty to warn her; she re sents my interferancc proudly ; I tell my talc, and mention the heartless one's name; she flares up and darU at me ; 1 retreat. We were in this most exciting part, when a cry arose from the audience. 1 turned, and then cveiy tiling seemed blaok as nigbt, and 1 knew no more for some time. When 1 awoke, 1 found myself Iving on the parlour sofa. Mr. Glenhopc was there, and so were Allie and Bella, with scared faces. 14 What ever is the matter ?M said I, trying to rise. ' I don't think there is very much the mat ter with you,. May,' Niid Mr. -rlcnho|m, in quiet, measured tones. ?? Nothing, as fur us I rtni uwaic,' I an swered. Bella took ni- hand aud said 1 must la ! quiet for a little while. *' What happened dear ?' said I. ' You were exoitod and fainted,' said Alice, always ready in an emergency. 41 Where is my mother ?' asked I, starting up. I knew Komething had happened, und hud a vague ides that it was something dreadful. 44 Your mother is attending to Charlie,' *aid Mr. Glenhopc. His tone was harsh, and he ai-okcblowly, looking fixedly at me tlie while. In my shaken state 1 realised his meaning as, ' Do you cxpect her to bo always waiting ; on you V1 I sat up a moment, faced him, stung to the very quick, and then burst into tears. 1 would have given worlds to have rc Htrainod myself, but could not. How would be Interpret this exhibition ? Bona and Alice bent over me, saying, 44 It is nothing serious, dear. Only a slight burn on one arm. He'll be in at the dancing directly.' It was some time before 1 regained com posure. Presently Macame in. 'Well, how do you feel, dear?' she asked cheerily. ' Pm all right, mother, but 44 1 was attending to Charlie, dear. He got one arm slightly burned. That is the most serious part of the accident/' 44 Oh Ma. tell me how. aud what it was that happened ?' 44 Well, dear, just this, you forgot what a small stage welisd, and drew buck too far ; yourdroBB caught fire.' ' How did Charlie get burned ?' 44 When Mr. Glonhope threw the rug round you, he did not see that the curtain' above had caught fire. Charlie just rushed out and threw it back with his arm, in time to save you both.' 44 Poor brave, old Charlie J' 1 Bald, musingly. ** How did they get the (ire out ?' 44 1 can't say ; but I know it did not take long, and very little damage is done.' 44 Have all the guests gone. Ma'.1' 44 No, dear, very fow have left. When I found there was nothing serious the matter 1 bc^gtd them ull to remain. Percy und (iuorgo are entertaining them in the fmnt room, whither we will go when you feel well enough.' 44 Oh, 1'in quito recovered. Al and lielia coino up to my room with mo and help mo don another dress.' Ma assisted inu upstairs and led me to her room. ' May, do you know X told you Mr. Glenhopc rushed to your aid to-night, and by hisnresence pf mind saved you fromtoing seriously Wot ?' 44 Yes, Ma,' 1 said looking down, 44 Pm sura I feci very grateful to him.' 44 Well, doar, you scarcely noticed it when I told you before.'1 ' I did though, and I intend to thank him the minute I sco him,' and I turned to go. May 1 Mayl just tell mo this, Do you dislike Mr. Glenhopc?' 44 Oh no, far from it !' said I, 44 Do you like him then ?' 44 Yes, 1 like him very much indeed.' 44 Well, why do you behave so to him? You distress me, dear, and wound his feelings.' *' Pm sure 1 don't mean to. I'll do very loving to him after this, 1 am anxious to go down and thank him.' 44 Well, (with a quiver in her voice) he asked mo a most important question to-day. I told him I was agreeable, but it depended entirely upon your feelings iu the matter.' I stood, unable to utter a sound or movo a pace, my faco blushing and blanching by turns, and tried ti smile. The thundorbolt had fallen at last, aud I was going to be prepared for it. Yet this was how it Affected me. 44 Well well, dear, you are surely not alto gether surprised, are you ?' 44 No, Ma, I've seen it coining for days,' and I tried to smile as I kissed my mother. When we got to the big room where the com pany were nearly all assembled, Charlie was already there. He had been told not to come down, but he only protested that he'd spend the next month in l-cd rather than forego being present this evening. 44 Well, May,' he said, cheerily, coming up to us, 41 glad to see you down aptvin. You ate not chicken-hearted at any rate.' 44 No, I should think not, Charlie. I am sorry you have been hurt through my careless ness. Perhaps you ought not to havo come down' (hastily). *' They all say that, but I am sure nothing would do me more hann in my present dclicutc state.' We 600n found ourselves in tbe centre of a gay throng telling riddles and witticisms. 44 May, dear, have you seen Mr. Glenhope?' It was Ma who spoke. *' wo, 1 nave not seen mm since 1 canio down.' In truth 1 had searched the room continuously for him from where I sat, but he had not been in it. 44 They have begun lo dance, and I want an other gentleman to make a set.' 44 Won't I do ?' said Charlie, mischievously. 44 You had better let inc catch you attempt ing such a thing,' said Ma, as she hurried off. | *4 Shall wc go to the ballroom ?' said Charlie, j offering his wounded arm with mock courtesy. ! «4 Why, yes, we may as well,' and off we went. Charlie, at my request, found mc a seat near the door. He sat by and talked of the events of the evening, Ae. He did not get much of my attention, though, for my eyes wandered towards the door ut every footfall. Mr. Glenhopc w;iv not in the room, and I won dered where he was. Had he gone home? If so, the guests might nil follow his example for alt I cared. I refused to dance, and was not pressed, my recent accident being a sullicient plea. Almost everyone complimented nic 011 my successful acting. Bella, Alice, Percy and George, each came in turn, and twitted us on being invalids. How very bad we locked ; quitedamperson their pleasure ; how mean of us to monopolise the notice, Ac. It was Ma'a custom invariably to have a sup per laid out in the large dining-room. Charlie took me in to supper, and to my surprise 1 lounu myseii scaieu n-?xi to Mr. uiennopc, who had brought down Clarice, Lady Beach por's daughter. I had not remembered seeing Claticc in the dancing mom. 44 Where ever have you been all the evening, Mr. Glenhope ? Ma and 1 have been looking everywhere for you.' 44 Not everywhere May, surely,' he said, turn- ing to sue slowly with just an apology of a smile. I felt baffled. 44 Well, you understand what I mean. We noticed that you were not in at the dancing, so wc searched the house for you.' 1 tried to speak nnconccrncdly. 44 Well, I never. — Did you look behind the pantry door ?' with another ghost of a smile. I felt inclined to retort, for his tone bad a sarcastic ring in it, which waa most tantalising, but I refrained. I did not forget in that mo ment of anger that I owed him gratitude. 44 Do you know. May,' said Clarice (she and I were fast friends) 41 you made qnite a sensa tion to night with your acting. You were so — ' 44 Now Clarice, please don't. I'm sick and tired of hearing al| that. Spare me.' 44 Are you really?' said Mr. Glenhope, look ing at 111c fr-carchinglv. as if to ascertain tbe truth of my statement. 44 1 was about to express my opinion on your performance, but since you say that, why of course I'll spare you.' I turned red, 1 know, and had to bite my lip hard to conceal my emotion. His cold, hard tone cut mc to the quick. I turned to Charlie and tried to talk gaily with him, but it was a miserable attempt. I had a guilty feeling ; the changc in Mr. Glcnliope's manner tilled me with black fore bodings. I had a suspicion that Ma hod re fused liiin, nd that it was through mc. Of course lie I -ie\v it was me who bad been the barrier. ? ow he must detest me. The thought of this lattci calamity nearly drove me frantic. The rest of the evening passed like a dream. I have a dim recollcction of having Mr. Gleu hope continually before my eyes, and with liiui Clarice. 1 darod not tru6t myself to speak again to him, bo I hod not 6aid a word of thanks to him for his action on my behalf. (To In' canrl uded in Saturday's ism/?.) 