OUR NOTE BOOK. " It is an ill bird that fouls its own nest," and how is this for a gorged vulture ? A short time ago a leading Scotch newspaper printed a letter from a correspondent who sought for some informa- tion and advice in regard to emigrating to Australia. The expectation was that he would get some advice from some Australian reader of the paper. He did.' Some Scotch scalawag, grasping, doubtless at cheap rates, the living which belonged to an Australian by rights, advised the would-be emigrant thus : — "First, change your mind; second, take a few lessons from an acrobat in lightening changes. We have' no climate, only samples, and we show a great .many in 24 hours. Third, take a life-belt ; fourth) let your clothes be mud- color ; they will assume that hue very soon anyhow. Fifth, take a few hogsheads of carbolic acid ; the people here have never seen their way to knock a ten per cent- dividend out of a drainage scheme, hence they do without one and ask you 'What do you think of our tramways ?' Sixth, buy a return ticket." Judging from the fifth item, that man must have written from Melbourne and not from salubrious Sydney. » One of the most extraordinary cases of resuscita- tation after hanging is reported to have occurred in Mississippi The story almost requires a hatch of affidavits. Coleman B. Blackburn was duly launched from a scaffold by the sheriff on the 20th April, and at the end of 86 minutes the body was cut down and lowered into a coffin. On the way to the grave 435 mile? distant) noises. -w<»re wfjjin.the coffin; and itwas found that there was still life in. the body. Next day Blackburn was able to walk' about and converse with his friends, who are en titled to look . upon the occurrence as a genuine recovery from the grave. It is certain that thb legal question of whether the man has been exe cuted in the eyes of the law will never come up for practical solution. Thd man may be considered dead, if not buried. In .cases where the hangman's rope has broken, another noose has been adjusted, and the execution carried out at the second effort. This differs materially from a hanging which fails- when the ordinary course has been followed with apparent success and when the. body has been sus pended fully half an hour. -,The showmen will now make a bid for Blackburn as a spectacle. His ex perience is thrilling enough to make him an attrac tion to the large mass of the morbid for the rest of his life. i He was found against a tall lamp-post, In. a quite unstudied pose, . His cheeks were as white as a gloomy ghost, . But red, bright red was his nose ! With his head bent down he appeared like one In thought or in doleful dumps, . And a shudder at times through hie limbs did ran That told of the J. R. D. jumps. Battered in was his hat o'er his forehead high, A.nd his coat had the gutter mark, As if in a pool he had had a try To extinguish the vital spark I ' A solemn groan and a long drawn " Yah !" He heat ved right up from his stumps — I have noticed that such their symptoms are, Who are down with the J. R. D. jumps. . , . - W axg Ling Lung, a Chinaman, is in trouble in his own country owing to an assertion by an enemy that Wang is in league with the devil, and has bargained with that person to give him certain power in exchange for the use of his soul as an ornament for the large fire place in Gehenna, after Wang puts off his mortality. One of the powers he is alleged to have contracted for is that, which will enable him to make wooden horses run about like animated equines by the simple exercise of his will. If he had arranged to be able to make the flesh and blood animal move less like a thing of wood, a syndicate of punters in this city would have made a big bid for his services as regulator of " stiff 'uns." It had been a great day indeed at the town of Bungabie, way back in the thinly populated in terior. A marriage, the first on record, had actually .eventuated. All the little local world, his wife and daughters, not to mention cousins and aunts to the third and fourth degree, had turned up to honor the occasion. , A minister of one of the dissenting creeds had at considerable cost and travel duly joined the contracting parties, and the bidden guests were assembled in the long room of the local pub to exterminate the spread which in more aristocratic circles would have been designated the wedding breakfast. The dish of the evening consisted of early potatoes, which the host had as a special favor supplied from his own garden. Everyone had been helped except the carver, when the dish was found to be empty. A fresh supply, however (piping hot), was soon placed on the table by the obliging landlady. Helping himself plentifully, our friend at the bead of the table (a man of no small . importance in his own estimation) popped one of the hot tubers into his mouth. Finding it, however, too hot to swallow and about as unpleasant to retain, he shot it forth on the table in front of him, then quietly wiping his mouth on the cuff of his coat, he remarked to the assembled guests, " Fancy - now, there's many a d— — d fool would have swal- lowed that." The Star has discovered that "an Australian con vict " was responsible for the famous saying, "We left our country for our country's good." This is correct, 'though the Star is a little subsequent in making the announcement. The words were spoken in a prologue by Barrington, the prince of pick pockets, at the opening of the Ring's Theatre on January 16, 1796. The performance was Dr. Young's tragedy "The Revenge," with "The Hotel " as an after-piece. Barrington's prologue commenced : — From distant climes o'er widespread seas we come Though not with much eclat or beat of drum, True patriots all, for be it understood, left our country for our country's good. No private views disgraced our generous zeal, What urged our travels was our country's weal, And none will doubt but that bur emigration lias proved most useful to the. British nation. # Poor Miller, sojourneying in Hobart gaol, doubt less regretfully contemplates his separation from . Jennie Opie, who so successfully acted Lady Leam ington to his Lord in the City of Hash Houses. Apropos of which Mr. Miller eluded a slightly suspecting wife very neatly on the occasion of his amorous trip to the sonthmost capital. Prior to his hymeneal hiatus, Miller took a trip to Melbourne, where he made all necessary arrangements. Return ing then to the bosom of his family, he most regretfully announced that pressure of business forced him to hie him away again to mal- odorous Melbourne. His wife packed his portmanteau and accompanied him from Petersham (where he had a cosy, little cottage) to Sydney, and there playfully insisted on buying for him a return ticket to Mel bourne. Starting in the express train he stepped out at Granville's grassy glens and attached -his&asJf-to.; - the train of the fair enslaver. Two days tfter Mrs. Miller went into the Equitable Life Assurance office and gratuitously informed the manager, that her husband was in Melbourne. " Pardon me, mahun , but I am telephoning him from Granville now." " Oh I your wife is here," said the manager through the telephone. That telephone shut up with the velocity of an aerolite on the down grade. Mr. Miller having then cleared off to Hobart, Mrs. Miller sold off her goods and chattels at Petersham and issued a warrant for his arrest, on the charge of wife desertion. He was arrested on this warrant — an illegal proceeding by the way, as he had not left his other half totally unprovided for and was not absent for the length of time required by the law. Subsequently the warrant was changed to one of bigamy, as Lord Leamington had passed under the yoke of matrimony at the Hobart Wesleyan Church -with the beauteous Abdullah, as she was known to Sydney theatre-goers. Doubtless twelve months will quench his flame, for the old adage says " what the eye don't see the heart don't trouble about to ahy great extent. . A young woman answering to the name of Kate Carruthers, alias M'Williams, alias "Sugar," ap peared at the police court charged with picking the pocket of a newspaper reporter. To the jew's-harp at once. Oh ! Sugar, dear, we don't believe You'd any notion to deceive Or rob the blushing paper-man Of wages earned by his brain pan.— The money he had slaved to earn By midnight oil, which he did burn. Oh I Sugar ; weary was the brain (Tf any) of the turgid swain You bailed up 'neath the moonlit sky And fondled when none else was by. . Alas ! you were deceived in him, Not that that's strange — if you could skim The rag he writes for — you would see, And sadly with me would agree. He ran you in, and when in quod You doubtless cursed and called on God To strike him blind. But, Sugar, dear, Reporters have no God to fear 1 And I have puzzled, night and day : To s- reason whyjny fey + . To shotv how one ofTpp loUrfB estatS'V ' Had gold about him— gentle Sate. . Amongst the " good old sorts" who still live in the West, with the few survivors of the tepidly diminishing army of pioneers, is George Saville, the particular friend of Tonkin, M.P., who represents' East Macquarie in the Parliament of this county. George is a good sportsman, and was, in his day, a crack pigeon shot. On one occasion he was ma'tchdfk to shoot a newly arrived crack from that land of big things, America — the You-nited States of America, where the trees grow underground and the girls are so fat they grease cart wheels with their shadows. The match was at pigeon-shooting, .25 birds each . from five trap3, and of coarse much interest was taken in the result.locally, old George being freely backed to win. At that time, sparrow hawks abonnded in the City of the Plains, and on the day of the International shoot dozens of them floated in the air over the devoted pigeons. The competitors tossed for first shot ; the stranger won, and going to the mark, gun in hand, gave the word " pull." The trap was sprung and the pigeon rose, but, to the amazement of the shooter, a hawk dropped from the air like a destroying angel, and in another moment was flying like a telegram through space with the pigeon in its claws. Too flabbergasted to fire,. Friend Jonathan stood looking at the birds for a moment and then turned to the spectators as if seeking an explanation. It was promptly forth coming. One of his backers — or one of those he thought was backing him — stepped up, and taking him aside, said confidentially, " Turn it up' old man. I was frightened of this. You'll not get one bird." "Why?" asked the amazed American. "Why? Don't" you see through it. All those hawks are tame ones belonging to Saville, and- he's been training them on this ground for a week." They'll pick up every pigeon before it leaves the trap. It's an old dodge of his." When, one or two more of his backers expressed the same opinion and tendered him similar advice the stranger was conxfe&ed; and agreed to come to terms with his opponent, who generously returned him his stake on fe;>ndition' that he entertained., a select party, at Tattersall's Hotel that evening. So ended the great Inter national pigeon shoot— the first in the country— with a victory for the native. Occasionally since hawks have been seen at pigeon matches — and in fact wherever there are pigeons to bte plucked, even in the city, the hawk, to this day, is' to be found in the vicinity. The Earl of Glasgow and nine little Boyles have arrived in the colonies — Oh ! the Earl of Glesca' has come out of the west, And he's come with nind Boyles, which no doubt is a pest ; But " parritch and whuskey" and concomitant joys Will change these nine pustules to big bouncing boys ; Then drink to his lordship, drink deep to his dame, A big " doch an dorus" to the sound of their name,. Here's his health and her lady's— Ri fiddle de dee, Sing Hurrah for the Glescas and Boyles of Dundee. A young lady stepped on a banana peel in George-street on Friday afternoon and suffered a severe fall. A masher, travelling swiftly in the opposite direction, would have ' banana' (been on her) if he hadn't pulled up quickly. She appealed to him and he raised her up. Our " pote" imme diately rushes into print — A maiden prowled around the block, In fancy costume dressed ; To hook a husband was her aim, And live a matron blest. At length he comes ; down beating heart ; One smile — Alas ! her heel Turned to the stars and flopped her down On a banana peel ! A Sunday paper has for some time hinted in various paragraphs that one of the evening journals had changed hands. This is untrue. The Star is, of course, the paper indicated in the items, since there is no more chance of the News being sold than there is of its proprietor writing an English grammar, and the Echo is not likely to be separated from the Herald till the Fairfax family traces its lost pedigree back to Brian Boru or the first Macal- lummore. As a fact the Star is owned practically by the same shareholders who started it, chiefly by Messrs. Toohey and Cowlishaw. The only change in its conduct is the transferring of the editorship from the manager's to the editor's hands, and making Mr. John Osborne the literary head of the concern. Mr. Cowlishaw is managing director, and Mr. Peter Thompson advertising manager. These gentlemen do the business of the Star. - It is not sold — extept as usual at a penny a copy. Our Sun day contemporary has been misinformed as to the sale of the property. A Hobart cabman on Monday, after getting very full of bad whiskey, went to his home, and taking down the family firearm — an old two-barreled gun — threatened to shoot the top of his head off. In the struggle with a friend, who attempted to wrest the weapon from him, it went off, as did also a portion of his hand. The man's name.was Bullock. He was an ass. He probably will When next inclined to gaze upon The wine, and of the same get full, look , Where once his fingers used to be And say " No more of that for me, Cold water's good enough for Bullock." An evening paper on Tuesday published a couple of columns on "garden reminders for June." As news .ht was not specially interesttng, but it filled . up the hiatus in the advertising page as well as the best original matter, and cost nothing beyond the wear and tear on the editorial shears. The news paper of to-day in Sydney is mainly a thing of paste and scissors — literary and illiterary shreds and patches, picked out of anywhere by anybody thrown together by nobody in particular, for the profit of the proprietary to be exchanged for the; pennies of the people. The journalist is dropping out of the business, and aut scissors' aut nullus is the motto of the management. " What is Theosophy ?" asks a contemporary, to which, in view of recent exposures of the new religion, we hasten to reply, " Theosophy is blank bunkum and ruddy rot." Deeming a day or two before he died professed to be converted to the faith of Madame Blavatsky, the fat old Polish fortune teller, who died and went — somewhere, before she had time to make a fortune by fooling credulous and weak-minded people with a series of tricks in spirit-writing and cabinet" secrets, which could be performed by any Minister of the Crown who could read a book on parlor magic and do a few tricks with cards. Mr. Deeming said a day or two before he died that he had seven bodies according to Theo sophy, but, according to the press reports, by the time the hangman had finished with one of them, he was the deadest man who ever lived, and had no more use for the other six than an elephant has for stilts. It has been discovered that the yacht Beagle has been sold at Callao by Bell and Davis, the two Sydney absconders. Are they getting hard up ? Lend us the zither ! Here goes ! Oh ! what jolly, jolly times 1 When the oof- bird sings. How the merry jingle chimes ? When the oof bird sings. You can take a yacht, up anchor, Spread your spinnaker and spanker, m oui yuu Woowiny bftoker, < When the oof- bird sings. How our characters improve ! When the oof bird sings. In society we move ! When the oof bird singsy The shareholders' hearts it kindles. I And our prestige never dwindles, As we float the biggest swindles, When the oof bird sings. Se9 the lordly masha ! When the oof bird sings. He cuts a splendid dash-ah ! When the oof bird sings. How he shouts for Flo and Lottie, Till the little dears get dotty, And he calls the girls all " Tottie," When the oof bird sings. The weather grows quite horrid 1 When no oof bird sings. The weather grows quite torrid ! When no oof bird sings. The swell in jail is lying, Bank busters vainly sighing, And the mashah's kites are flying, When no oof bird sings, f Oof, from French oeuf an egg. Hence the goose that lays the golden egg is called the oof bird, o © o CeSOBBil fat men will have to stand down. From an American paper we learn that Mr. John Hansen Craig, of Williamsport (Pa.), an ordinary citizen, stands Gft. 5in. high, weighs 9071bs. .(or 64st. 31bs.), measures 8ft. 4in. round the hips and 5ft. 6in. round the thighs. He takes a 7 glove, 9 shoe and hat) and is 35 years of age. At two years old he weighed 2001bs. and took a prize of 1000 dollars for being the heaviest baby in the 'world. His wife weighs 9st. 41bs., and their year-old baby 301bs. Professional fat gentlemen in Sydney who fancy themselves because of their rotundity will read with interest that it takes 42 yards of single width cloth to make him a suit, or within a yard of what . would make suits for six ordinary men. Mr. Craig is, it is needless to say, a man of weight in the community of Williamsport. o o « Mr. Richard Atkinson Price has been elected as alderman pi the Borough Council of Rockdale in ,lhe- room- of Mv. A. G. Carruthers. When -he next woos the fickle electors of Gloucester Mr. Price can lay his hand on his aldermanic chest and, posing as one honored in his own country, ask them to go and . do likewise in the matter of sending him to Parlia ment. It would then remain to be proved what sort of a legislator he would make, but there is not the slightest possible shadow of. a doubt Gloucester would be represented by the best dressed man who ever sat within the walls of the Macquarie-street gasworks — barring perhaps, Mr. Bruce Smith, Mr. Frank Farnell, and Mr. Wall the intelligent and level-headed member for Mudgee. If the apparel proclaims the man in his case, Richard A. has , a leather-lunged herald in his garments always, o o o The latter day M.P. has long been a subject for cheap ridicule, and colored comedians and funny papers always rely for a laugh on reference to the honesty of the Legislature. But it has remained for a London man to show his contempt for the Par liament of his country by firing a pistol at the building in which the faithful Commons assemble. An Ohio voter a short time ago shot at a train load of members of Congress, and then went home only partially satisfied because, though he had put a handful of buckshot in his gun, he did not get a single Congressman, but the Londoner's act expressed more contempt for the Institution of Parliament than could be set out in an hour's speaking. Our mild protest expressed by pelting over-ripe eggs at an unpopular candidate is insignificant in compari son, though less ambiguous as an expression of opinion. An interesting case is likely to claim the atten tion of the judges shortly. The plaintiff is a police magistrate who claims £2000 damages from a citi zen. There is some secrecy maintained about the matter, but from what has been allowed to trans pire, it appears, the citizen, dissatisfied with the magistrate's decision in a case in which he appeared as defendant, got the dispenser of justice into a room, locked the door, and in his classic English) " belted the socks off him." Mr. Want, Q.C., has been retained by the plaintiff. Mr. G. R. Dibbs is the only Australian premier who has ever been detained as a prisoner in gaol- His offence was not a serious one— impecuniosity or inability to pay his debts being the head and front of his offending. « « At Orange (N.S'.W.) lately, one Chinaman's mis tress prosecuted another ditto-ditto for " langwidge,' and brought her own Celestial prosector as a corro borative witness. To her disgust (says the Mudgee Guardian), John having blown out a match, staked his Conf neian soul on the statement that — " Annie (the defendant) welly quiet gel ; Gehty (the plain tiff and his "missus") to mnchee jaw-jaw allee samee fightee-figbtee, allee time I', Case dismissed; pigtail barn dance to follow. John spoke the truth with evident feeling. He knew the lady who was his morganatic better half. "I want you to swear on your oath before your God, if you have a God," said Mr. Smith to Mr. Schey at 'the Eddy enquiry. " If you have a God " implied that Mr. Smith doubted whether Mr. Schev believed in the Supreme being as Christians are supposed to do, and suggested the conviction that in the privacy of his chamber Redfern's portly member bowed down before a graven image, and petitioned the Throne of Grace in an unheard of Heaven of his own through the medium of a little wooden god carved by himself out of a red-gum log with a tomahawk. Mir. Schey regarded the question as a fragment of theatrical nonsense, and informed his interrogator that he was not going to be bullied He certainly "was not cowed. . . A soliloquy by Sir Henry Parkes, " To a Feeding - Bottle." Tell me thou glacial goblet, whisper here . . The sex, age, stature of the lisper dear, My hear bids welcome to its Austral home, Be it a goblin d — — d or fairy gnome. . Will't ever at Gamaliel's feet reclinfe ? By which I mean will't ever kneel at mine ? And sucking nutriment from thy wide brim, Learn from its parent how to sink or swim. Will't enter Parliament and be a, 'pote,' Or if a girl — The Woman's Suffrage Vote Will't charm her senses ? Tell me, globe pearlesque, Will't ever be a political burlesque? . Will't float Art Unions ? Be a great Premier? Go up King Street, .say every other year ? Kill all its friends by writing bally, trash ? Be champion Fabricator ? Go to smash ? And in decay look on and sadly sing " Woe's me — alas ! once reigned I as a king, Rear families large, and in a hoar old age Look smiling on, and pose as Wisdom's Sage." Poetic license, « Mr. J. C. Neild, M.P., has expressed the opinion that the majority of the members of the Legislature are true to their country. That may be so, but the difficulty is to discover which country many of them regard as their own. If the Parliament is to be judged by its works,' a large number of its members are less Australian than personal. In the political game of ' ' grab" which they play, the motto is " The devil take the hindmost." They are true to themselves first, last and all the time, and not one ; honestly nnselfish and patriotic man is to be found j. in (he .Parliament of New South Wales to-day. And " Mr. 'Neild is probably less so than the others. « ©' The captain of the New Zealand schooner Medora a month ago reported having seen a sea rferpent. and was laughed at as all men are who detail similar experiences. He denied that he had been drinking to any great exteiit, and stuck to his snake story but found audiences sceptical. On his next voyage he saw the same monster, or one like it, and going out in his dingy succeeded in killing the creature. As he brought it with him to Auckland, there can be no doubt he captured it, but when we read that he killed it with " a blow of a spade " we are tempted to regard the yarn as mostly blow. An axe .might have been in the dingy, but a spade had no more business there than an overcoat in the trunk of an elephant. The snake was about eight feet long, with teeth right down its throat, a head like a Chinaman, and a month like a crack in the earth. No one except the cdptain has yet seen it. The following is a definition of freetrade heard at the Queen's Statue : — " Freetrade is a law which means that foreign free-booters are free to charge just what they like for every article they sell, and for every shilling they send to us mast have five back !" « "Where's the business of the country?" roared an agitator at the Statue. " Exactly Where it was twelve months ago !" answered a, disgusted poli tician, ' . The city correspondent: of the Bonrke'labor paper is responsible for "the following story, which may or may not be true : — " Talk of drink and dishono many's the yarn I have heard of the flagrant treachery of a Minister of the Crown in one of the colonies. This particular minister was a sort of' refreshment room boozer, he nobbled, and, if pos sible, stiffened the drunkards of the opposition always bland and smiling, and asarfulas the devil's own could be. One night a knotty division was about to take place, and this blackguard was told off by bis unprincipled party to watch the refreshment room, others were watching also. Well, this specimen, of a resiponsible Government under the Crown saw a good chance of dishing up an Opposition member 'slightly under the influence.' He called a waiter, saying, ' Tell Mr. Longsleever I want to see him in the private room, and now. also bring two glasses of .ale down; stop, put a little gin in his, he always takes it so. Hold on, here's a shilling for you, I'll look after your in terests.' The waiter who secretly hated this Minster, and his party told the whole story to one one of the Opposition bench, asking what he had' better do. ' Oh,' said the M.P., from Brumby Flat, 1 Give the beer and gin to the Minister," with a knowing wink, ' and give the other fellow the beer straight.' He did. Result, Minister under the table while Mr. Longsleever, M.P., voted O.K." We know a good many members of Parliament, but it has not yet been our privilege to come across one who could not get away with a " dog's nose " with the greatest of ease. Beer and gin is a favorite drink with some of them. The Irish Education Act has passed its second reading in the House of Commons. It is to be marvelled at that the Legislature of England couJd find time to take even one measure calculated to benefit the Irish even so far as to the second reading stage. But at that stage it will in all probability be kept for some time. Paddy and his offspring know too much and learn too rapidly to receive much encouragement from their kin across the Channel. Motto for the Broken Hill Municipal Council :— When in drought play pnmps ! Mrs. Potts Point put her foot in it again last night by talking of the numerous "prodigy" of Sir Henry Parkes. . To the men of Ulster : — Down with the league of assassins and traitors, Down with the cruel dominion of crime, Down with the legion of paid agitators, Stamp out their treason while yet there is time. Ripe is the harvest— thrust in the sharp sickle ; Reap through through the Gordiari miesh of in trigue. ' - Dastards, whose outrage made women's tears trickle, Doomed is your tyranny — " Down with the League." Mr. Want has appealed to the Privy Council in the O.P. box case which went so much against hjm in Sydney. ' Bravo, Jack Want ; stick to your. flag ; Faint heart ne'er won an action. Stand by your guns — " up with the rag," And d— - — d be all inaction. Some day you'll occupy that box. And sport your Sunday " swallow," While all the gods, mid thumps and knocks, Triumphantly will holloa. And sitting there in childish glee, You'll smile at stage disaster ; Arid in the box that's marked O.P. " Remark " Want is her master." # The new Victorian torpedo boat has been named the Lady Hopetoun, after the co-mate and sister- in- exile of the Governor of the southern Colony. The name is a suitable one. Lady H. is" said fo"" blow up " her lord very effectively on small provocation. . v ' The Medical Society of Melbourne intends to petition Parliament with a view to the suppression of quack doctors, herbalist humbugs, and the' mob of pickpockets who hang out their shingles and rob the foolish public by practising as doctors7 The inquiry in Sydney a few years ago showed that many of the specialists practising here were brazen impostors, who knew no more of the healing art than a poodle pup does of marine warfare. Many of them conld not speak English, and some conld scarcely read it, while all, on their own showing, 'were ignorant of the Latin' tongue in which pre'scrip tiohs are written. For the protection of the public these frauds should be suppressed by the sumpiary process of imprisonment for life. ' . .A ruffianly hound named Edward Ritch' was sen tenced by Mr. Giles, S.M., at the Central on Thurs day to three months gaol for an assault on Minnie Hippel, whom he knocked down by a blow in the jaw and kicked in the abdomen as she lay writhing on the ground. : It is a pity. there is no provision in the laws for inflicting upon such; cowardly, brutes as this a little bodily pain in addition to the impri sonment to which they 5re subjected. A couple of dozen lashes well laid on to the bare back of Mr. Edward Ritch would do more to discourage his brutality than would a year's ' confinement in the comfortable quarters provided for prisoners of the Crown. v The cablegrammer of one of the dailies' wires : — "In an article On the colonies the Morning Tost says that past errors by the Australian colonies in financing does not show any incapacity on the part of the colonies, and advises the colonies to devote more attention to developing the natural resources of the country, and not waste time in political dreams." The advice is excellent and costs nothing, but what we need more urgently than suggestions at the present is cash to tide us over existing diffi culties. We can get tons of good advice any time and anywhere, but the rfriend who helps the .lame dog over $he stile is the only one ent&kyi; to ©dvise him which way he>should walk in the future, "o ©''© Archibald Forbes is the latest advocate of, Kanaka labor for Queensland, but tempers his judgment, with the suggestion that the niggers , shpuld be lpt to the sugar plantations. Archibald's opinion on . colpnial affairs may be respectfully regarded in England, bat in Australia it is considered, as of no more value than would be that of a Kanaka on the probability of an European war. Archie was lucky enough to make " sugar in this country, bat he was not known to go within a good man'y miles of any of the northern cane country. t ' ' ' Mrs. Osborn, the English woman whose name was a short time ago before the public in connection with the great pearl robbery, has given birth to a daughter. It will be remembered that she was released from jail that the child might not be born with the " taint of the prison " upon it, but it is highly improbable that she will be compelled to return to complete the unexpired portion .of her sentence. Since she has been partially reprieved she might now be fully pardoned, but the precedent established by the authorities is a particularly dangerous one, as they will learn when another well-connected female ia imprisoned as a law-breaker. Mrs. Montague, sentenced to twelve months for hanging one of her children, will be the next ap plicant for mercy on thdfcame grounds as. those which secured Mrs. Osboi release. The owner of the: house at Windsori (Vic.) in which Deeming committed the crime which led to the termination of his life is one of those enter prising persons who never lose an! opportunity of making money for lack of cool, unadulterated cheek. He is now petitioning the Government for compen sation. The value of the house is about £400, and the owner refused £800 offered by a speculative showman. He : £s u bsequeiitly tried to make money by charging admission to the house, but' came too late, as nearly all Melbourne: had visited the loca lity before he woke up to. the monetary value of the tenement. If he does not get the compensation he seeks this person might recoup himself for his lost opportunity by stealing a corpse or two and burying the same in the vicinity of the premises. Then he could " charge admission," and on the strength of its associations the cottage would be erowded every day. . 