The Sketcher. A NIGHT WITH THE DIGGERS. [By Will Cartbb.] 'Take it easy, old man.' This suggestion was to my horse, as he climbed in little spurts up the rugged mountain aide. In order to ahorten my journey to the Dead Horse diggings I bad taken a short out, oce wbioh my panting 1 eteei seemed little to appreciate ; his rough I winter coat waa already iu a lather, notwith standing the June day, owing to tho exertion of 1 clambering and scratching his uphill way over rooks and logs, thence dowo sharp defiles through scrub and brambles. There was no road, and as Z followed the bridle tiack with its numerous twists and turnings, amid ramifying sheep tracks, down the hillsides and aoross tiny flats nestling in the bosom of the hills, I felt none too certain as to the precise locality I was in, I can assure you. Upon setting out from G ? at 3 o'clock, X had received copious directions from an old inhabitant* who pro bably kuew every inch of the way. Re that as it may, his observations upon the route were given iu that rapid, off-hand way common to most bush guides, aud threatened to prove of little utility to me. ' Take that there track goiu' over the hill 1 yonder,' he had said, pointing with his knotty finger, and shutting one eye as he canted his head on one side in order to make his aim more effeotual; ' thou keep straight on till yer oome to a hempty hut ; then turn down to the right like, and folleythe gully down till yer comes to a bit of a creek ; then keep straight ahead for a mile or so and turn to ihe left, when yer pus the hold stookyard. You'll see some peaoh trees and a broken wire fence farder on, like; go through the swingin' gate into Jordan's stud paddock and out at tbe lower end. You'll find a loose panel, like ; then folley the creek down till yer get to the diggins.' Hero was the empty hut right enough, but as to turning down to the'right, etc., and following tbe gully* well, it seemed a tough business to negotiate, as there wero various tracks to the right and divers gullies to ' folley,' as my guide had choseu to express it. However, I could not afford to deliburato very long, for it was already four o'olock, and in another hour the sun would deny me his presence, aud the proBpeots of maintaining a night watoh amongst the owls and opossums was anything but agreeable, Accordingly, I turned my horse'* head to the right, choosing tbe path bearing signs of most frequent traffio, and pursuing my way until the old stookyard very obligingly hove in viow. As I passed down tbe valley I was muoh charmod . with the beauty of the scenery, whioh contrasted very strotigly with the sullen box hills with their sombre foliage, over whioh I had lately bee ti. toiling. Tho defile was narrow, and through it wandered a pleasant stream well Stooked with; water-cresses —long, fre^h and tender, which would have proved a luxury to many a city man, I'll warrant. The banks were fringed with early-budding wattles, hiokory, and delioite maiden «hair ferns. How lonely it seemed there 1 The sun had slipped behind tbe horizon's brow, leaving the scene chill- afid gloomy— no living sound was heard. Night seemed ready to step o'er the threshold of another day, and veil the scene in 1 darkness. Even tbe birds had ceased their svlvan airs, and the night dews were setting on the herbage. I ohecked my horseand alighted, eafor for a drink. My horse was nothing loth to follow my example, aud thrust his nose far into tbe oool stream and drank. What a I delightful haunt I had sprung P One, in whoso Australian beauty my native rapture fouud the following expression*: — Above me. aronhd me, sweet vernal* surround me, . And rocks form.the floor of my cell, With maiden-hair tresses fair nature caresses , The hunks, where tho green mosses dwell Where the emerald lined mosses do dwell. What is It ynu sing as you p itter and fling ? What is it you say a*- von ramble Past village ami vale, over meadow uud dale, Through thefiMmesof fern, and through bramble. ? Through tho fern, aud the far spreading bramble ? Oh teach me that song as you journey along I , That music so soft and so sweet ; . * \ Tin the far away ocean, I hear in thy motlou, That rings in the roll at my feet — ' In the rush, and tho roll at my'feot. j Sweet stream, and sweet dell, and each tremulous bell ] That hangs within kiss of Ihe spray, f Each darkened recess, ami each maiden-hair tress, I love ; aud I fain would delay— Ah, would I could lunger delay ! ' Delay howovor was out of the question. I had to get mo to my destination 'ere uight, or else woebetide tne in those fastnesses. After jogging along for about a mile I came out upon more open country. The little stream, which I had so carofully followod, stolo silently' into a more considorable one, which ran at right angles. This I crjssod, and soon found myself on the Wagga rood ; thence continuing my journey for three or four miles I arrivod at tho diggings, inwardly congratulating my* self upon having safely steered through tho mountains without suffering any mishap. The field was not a populous one. Sundry log cabins, roofed with bark, caught my eye as ' I rode down the track, and I made for them. I cared ,little for the dimensions of the field. I was' bent on passing a night among these yellow clsy toilers, nnd glean a littlo of their digger life. As 1 approached the huts a little terrier dog came out and snapped an alarm. Two diggers then omerged. and upon informing 1 these (who were arrayed, in'all the elegance of yellow moles, shirts of serge, and gum boots) that I was a Times representative, and would like to stay tbe night, the elder of the two looked ruefully at his mate at first, and then became suddenly thougbiful, removed his mud stained bat with one horny feeler, and scratching his head with the other, he delivered a series of ejaculations with painful pauses between each partly addressing me, partly his mate, but ' principally bis own good self. ' ' Hum, want j 'erstopP Bough shop; No flash tucker, yer j know. 'Um; might doss in Allen*e bunk eh Bill P Plenty nap (blankets) yer know ; ' um. Lay down, yer brute (to the dog). Well give us yer horse ; I'll put hitn over in Cole's pad dook ; ho can got a bit ' or pickin ' tbore. Yer beat go in and get a drop ' er tea, mister.' With a nod of satisfaction, 1 yielded my horse, and followed tho other man into the hut. I was offered an ompty box in lieu of a chair, on which I whb booh heated. A pint of genuine ' billy ' tea was placed beforo me, and I took a trial sip. Ugh, no sugar t ' Could you oblige me with a little sugar,' I asked. ' Help your self, boss,' he roplied ; ' evorybody sugars their own toa hero. Yel find it 'angin* up there in that bag ; 'bliged to keep it there out *er the harnts.' A ' Johnny cake ' (loaf) was in couise of erection, and as he punched away I sipped in silence. ' Pretty snug hero, mate,' I at length remarked. 'Ob, right enough,' he replied lacouically, aud resumed his dough puuohing. A queer old chap ho seemed, evi dently over sixty, white with wear and as hairy as a bandicoot. His noso had evidently descendod from tho hook family, and seemed capable of infiioting a nasty wound. Notwith staudiag all this, I liked bis appearance, for he impressed me as a good old sort. While I was removing my gaiters a third party stepped in, and I rose to introduce myself. He was a young man with superior address, and I handed him my card. A pleasant con versation ensued. X learnt that be was managing a lurge alluvial claim on the field, and tha; his home was at A———, some 16 miles distant. | ' Come, get to your oats now ' remarked old grey beard, and we accordingly got. Truly I was nothiog loth to attack the victuals and heartily enjoyed the meat true. Therefore no serviettes and very little silver displayed on the board, but tho food was wholesome and wel] prepared. X had learnt oue feature of the diggers life, viz., good, sohd provendor. During the meal two other diggers and another, who proved to be a tutor rustioating iu the wilderness, dropped in. Ho, Mr. Jones, had frosen on the alps, blistered in tho Caruatio and ' seen things ' generally. Having done ample justice to the beat my hospitable friends had furuished in the way of tucker (mus'ut lose that word) pipes were lighted and over the soothing weed we had uu interesting ohat on things in general. The social problem, looking backward, aud other Utopias and finally colonial politics, then it was that X discovered in the old dough puncher, a reformer of the most ardent and radical type. I happened to remark to Carker, the manager, that Mr. Dibbs' star was in the ascendant and concluded by saying that perhaps some tangible good might acrue from G.B's visit to the old country. Up to this point the old fellow had presented a grim silence, seated on his bunk and stroking bis little dog «? Busy,' whioh nestled affeotionately in bis lap. He, however, jumped up and exclaimed, ' Good be dashed. Iiook here if they'd only make me governor for one twelve months I'd give the couutry such a lift as would ebove it ahead a hundred years.' And how would you affect all this ? X natur ally inquired. ' Why ' paid he, ' I would start at the top of the tree and make a olean sweep to the bottom. Evory darned man that would not work I'd bani;. Yes they'd all awing without judge or jury. I'd start with old P-r-k«e-s, nnd clean 'em out, nnd by jovo I there would I be such a demand for . rope and soap as was nevor h^erd on since the good old days of Gallows Hill.' ' Having thus delivered himself, he sat down and stroked bis dog once., more, beooming quiescent as before. I And what do you think of Mr. Dibbs' reoep- | tion at home ? Mr. Carker P I asked, turning to the manager. *' Well my opinion is this. Tbe Home Government are beginning to perceive , that a republican spirit is rapidly developing in ] the hearts of the colonists and that it is not altogether a healthy state of affairs. Victoria recognises in Mr. Dibbs a colonial leader. Pnrkes' day is done of course— and by sopping ? Dibbs his loyalty will be assured. ' Take my word for it now, it is not Dibbs, but-tbe loyalty of tho southorn colonies, that is occasioning all -h» fusi— he of course is the agent through which the treaolo is administered, and will doubtless congratulate himsolf.upon his achieve, men ? ' But what do you think of Mr. Dibbs, I asked , ns a leader ? ' Not much,' ho replied, he is trouchornus i.i mv opinion. Jjook at bis-suddeu revdrsiou to Protccion fonostanoo ' Our chat was here terminated by a proposal on the part of the others lor a six-handed game of euchre. X preferred to look on, and takiug up my position in oue of tho buuks, watched tbe play with interest and amusement* Oue of the players, a Caledonian, seemed as much engaged as though the play was for thousbuds, occasionally one of the less ex perienced players would make a slip aud this would call forth suoh a tirade from the Scot that the pleasure of the game w&s; marred to a considerable extent, r While the next game was progressing X sketched the euohre authority from my oovert, and afterwards passed it round to the players muoh to their amusement. The greasy catds were at leugth put away in a box where reposed a brush aud comb, a mouth organ, a pockot book, aud, last but uot least, a rather handsome volume of Shakespeare. ' Give tuiasoug Jimmy P ' said one touisuiate. ' Lets have '* The Crelo ' Jim had a cold however and was not prepared to entertain us. Mr. Joues, however, had muoh pleasure, and ; ' The Scottish Cavalier ' waa aunouneed. This worthy old song accordingly made its way up arooug the rafters and threateued to rip the bark off in places, at its . conclusion. Mr.Carker favoured us witha song, and his good example brought forth ' i&ver; of Thee ' from Smith, the euchre dictator. So, the time passed, and jovially too, until thu clock aunounued the 'near approach of morniug. '-^aya and*meaps were theu fully diecusso'd' uud I was assigned to'AUeii's buuk 'aforementioned. My ' roost ' I wus iuformed was in a hut some little dis tance away, and -having collected all the blanket coverlug X could muster X started over to my- quarters. As we tiled out a beautiful sight met our view. A magnificeut Aurora Australis appeared in tbe southern hemisphere. The miners were in eorne instances greatly per 1 plexed at the phenomenon. ' Ghost, what a sight said one.' ' Hey Jack,' yelled one to bis sleeping mate ' Come out for God's sake and look at this thing, the world's coming to a hedd.' What is it asks tbe disturbed slum berer.' ' Oh a darned fiory O'More, or some blessed thing. This amused me exceedingly i and I uearly dropped my bed equipage iu my 1 hilarious outburst. I Tbe sight was truly beautiful. The sky all flushed with delicate pink and stieuked with ' yellow. Having sufficiently satisfied our eyes we turned in ; my bunk was not provided with ? a ppring mattress, nor were the pillows of down, ' but I slept cozily enough until seven the next 1 moruing when X was awakonod by tho men who j were on tha move. One mau kept his buok \ after the rest bad gone and noticemg this, X ibaid, ' Off work to-day mate P ' ' Yes, Xgot a nasty knock down the shaft the other day, a stone weighing seven pouups felt 10ft and I struck me in the baek. I've beon laid up since.' And do you feel muoh pain P ' I asked, | as X saw him pull himself up erect with the aid I of a strap suspended from the rafters above. ' No, not so much as I did, but X'ui very weak.' , A little later a boy catoe iu with some mutton, ' ' Dad sent this down Dan for you— you can [ make some soup he says.' Glancing at my watch I find it is 8 o'clock, so bidding the sick man good day X go for my horip, and haviog breakfasted bid my digger friends adieu.* As X rode along the track I began thinking over the previous night and felt thoroughly satisfied with my excursion. The huts with their varied stock of mining chattels— the old radical— bis dug—the tutor and his travels— the manager, his pronouueed political views— the song, aud anecdotes, and finally the Aurora Australia will fill a page in my life's experience. Ouo which X will ever suffer to remain intact, for in these self same oabins I found what stately mansious oft deny, true hospitality. 