WILLIAMSTOWN GOSSIP. BY LADY TEAZLE. Heart whole, and fanoy free. Her ways are ways of pleasantness, And all she tells is truth. Retrenchment in the railways has come upon us here in the shape of an increase by three half-pence in the price of return tickets to the city. It strikes me the Government has run its head against a stone wall in our case, for it has scarcely bargained with the democratic spirit of Williamstownians. It is all one to many of us whether the compartment we travel in be labelled “first” or “second” class, provided the train will pass as steadily as may be over the rails towards our destination, and we “ get there all the same.” As second class fares are now three-half pence less than first class fares have been, the question to many minds will be whether three-half-pence should be saved by travelling second class or three-half-pence plus a shilling ex pended on the splendid luxury of a first class ticket. In many cases the decision will probably go “ agin the Government.” Those who desire to preserve genteel appearances (consis tent with economy) will very soon be found looking up the steamer Gem to casually enquire whether the city may still be reached by that route for the nimble shilling. It will interest many of our readers to learn (says an exchange) that the Mrs Molyneux, who is the leading lady of Messrs. Brough and Bouci cault’s dramatic company in Sydney, is none other than a young lady who a few years ago was highly popular in Oamaru as an amateur actress and reciter. We refer to Miss Nellie Harper, who left Oamaru to accom pany Miss Pomeroy on an Indian tour. She then went to London to study for the profession, and after playing in England for some time, she was re turning to the colonies when she met Dr. Molyneux. They were married in Melbourne, and made their home at Williamstown, Mrs Molyneux retiring from a profession that she adorned, and her husband securing a lucrative practice .os a medical man. Mrs Moly neux has evidently been tempted from her retirement, and is winning the highest praise from the critics. The Daily Telegraph ceased publish ing last Tuesday, having given up the ghost as a result of bad times. On the following morning subscribers to the defunct paper were surprised to find the blank more than filled. Free copies of the Argus and the Age were delivered at their houses as a means of consoling them to the loss of the journal that had gone to the wall. Whether they yielded to the temptation to subscribe to one or the other of these journals, I know not; but I suppose ! they would; for, however much disposed people may occaionally be to “ tear out their back hair” upon reading the opinions of the two Melbourne dailies, there is no doubt that they are first ^ rate journals. It is remarkable how they differ in their opinions about Mr Speight and how ably each side presents its aspect of the case. Last Tuesday, for example, the Age declared that even the , working expenses of the railways had gone up from about £230 to £290 a mile, under tho Com i missioners. This seemed a fair ground on which to challenge their efficiency; but on the following day, the Argus said its contemporary had been using a worn-out argument in another form. It took the case of a man with a shop returning £2000 annually, with expenses amounting to £1000. If that fnan opened another shop that yielded no profit, the result would be that his working expenses would be doubled even if the second shop were carried on at exactly the same expense as the first. And this was the case with the railways. This is a simple and yet a sufficient answer to the charge. I see by an Age advertisement that a debate has been arranged to take place next week between the U.S.A. lecturer Miles Grant and Joseph Symes, of Collingwood fame; and the subject resolved is, “ That There is a Living Personal God, as Revealed in the Bible and the Book of Nature, who Created Man.” Mr Grant affirms, and of course Mr Symes denies. Why the American gentleman, whose knowledge and aptitude in treating with the scriptures commands a deal of respect, should descend to argue with one who—in consequence of his utter disregard for the law and order of the peace-abiding citizen, not to speak of his extreme viewsonmorality— has compelled even the beggarly array of a following that he had to forsake him is a matter of surprise, and can hardly tend to elevate in any way the doctrines of Christanity. The issue will instruct few, satisfy nobody, and, if nothing else, will amuse a crowd whose antics at meetings of this sort generally are of such a nature as to make an appeal to the police station an absolute necessity. 