NICK OF THE WOODS. \---o-- CIIAPTER XXI.-(Coerr'UEnD.) "The emigrants," Roland continued, with incoherent haste; "you brought them? They are pursuing the savages? they have rescued her? Speak, Nathan-tell' me all; tell me that my cousin is free !" " Truly, friend," muttered Nathan ; "thee doth confuse both theeself and me with many questions. Do thee be content for awhile, till I chafe thee poor legs, which is like the legs of a dead man, and tie up thee wounds. When thee can stand up and walk, thee shall know all I have to tell thee, both good and bad. It is enough thee is theeself safe." " Alas, I read it all from your looks," cried the soldier ; " Edith is still a prisoner : and I lie here, a miserable, crushed worm, incapable of aiding, unable even to die for her ! But the emigrants, my friends ? they are at least urging the pursuit ? there is a hope they will retake her ?" " Truly, friend," said Nathan, " thee shall know all, if thee will have patience, and hold thee tongue. If thee loves thee poor kinswoman, and would save her from cruel bondage and sorrow, thee must be quiet till I have put thee again upon thee logs ; and, after that, thee shall have my counsel and helpto do what is good and proper for the maiden's redeeming." The bold attempt of Nathan to pass the line of besiegers at the ruin, it seemed, he hadaccnmplishql without difficulty, though not without risk ; but this part of the nar rative he hurried over, as well as his passage of the river, at a solitary and dangerous ford in the wildest recesses of the forest. Then, striking through the woods, ,and aiming for the distant station, he had arrived within but a few miles of it, when it was his fortunoe to stumble upon the baud of Regulators, who, after their memorable ez ploit atthe beconhtree, had joined the emi grants, then on their march through the woods, and conveyed them to the station. Here passing the niitht in mirth and frolio, they were startled, at an early hour, by the alarming intelligence,, brought by a volunteer hunter, who had obtained it none could toll how, of the presence of the Indian army on the north side ; and, leaving their friends to arm and follow as they could, the visitors immediately mounted their horses, to return to Bruce's station, and thence to seek the field of battle. To th!ese unex pected friends, thus opportunely met in the woods, Nathan imparted his story. A council of war being called on the spot, it was resolved to gallop at once to the rescue of the travellers. Taking Natban up, therefore, behind him, and bearing him along, to point out the nosition of the Inluians, the gallant Tom Bruce, followed by his equally gallant com panions, dashed through the woods, and succeeded by daybreak in reaching the ruin ; where, as Nathan averred, so judiciously had they laid their plans of attack, the Indians, if still there, might have been surprised, en tirely worsted, and perhaps the half of them uitoff upon the spot; " which," ashe rather hastily observed, " would have been a great comfort to all concerned." But the ruin was deserted, besiegers and' besieged had alikq vanished, as well as the bodies of those assailants who had fallen in the conflict, to find their graves under the ruins, among the rooks, or in the whirling eddies of the river. The tracks of the horses beine discovered in the ravine and atthe water's edge, it was inferred that the whole party, too desperate or too wise to yield themselves prisoners, had been driven into the river, and there drowned; and this idea inflaming the fury of the Kentnokians to the highest pitch, they sought out, and easily discovered among the canes, the fresh trail of the Indians, which they followed, resolving to exact the fullest measure of revenge. Nathan, the man of peace, from whom no further services were expeetea, was now turned adrift, to follow or protect himself as he might; and the young men betook them selves to the pursuit, with as much speed as the wild character of the woods permitted. Nathan, making his own observations from the appearance of the different tracks in the ravine, and satisfying himself there was among them one more Christian footprint than could be accounted for, he followed after the young men, examining the Indian trails in places where it lihad not been effaced by the Kentuckians, until he became con vinced that the fugitives had, in some unac countable way, escaped alive from the river, and werestill struggling in retreat, led by some friendly guide, although closely pur sued by the foe. This discovery, it was also probable, had been made by the Kentuckians, who had, in consequence, urged their horses to the utmost, and, arriving on the hill where the savages lay in ambush, rushed to the attack,. and fought and lost the battle, before Nathan could reach them. He met them indeed re treating in full rout before the victors ; many wounded, all overcome by panio, and none willing or able to throw any light on the cause of defeat. One, indeed, chocking his horse' a moment, to bid the man of ponce look to himself, and avoid the savages who were still urging the pursuit, hastily assured him' that the defeat was all owing to Captain Ralph's ghost, which had suddenly got among them, yel. ling for vengeance on his executioners; for which reason the conscience-stricken tRegu later called Nathan to witness his oath, which he now made, "that he would never lynch a man again, us long as he lived." " Then, friend," said the man or peace, "I took counsel as to what we should do; and truly it was decided to creep after the murdering Shawnee creatures-and see what had become of thee and thee poor women; Well, friend, as soon as we thought it safe, we crept to the spot on the hill-side; and safe enough it was, the savages having de parted, leaving nothing behind them, save two young kentuckians and the colored person, whom they had prevailed over and hewn to pieces with their hatchets; besides four corpses of their own, which they had stuck in a cave, where Peter snuffed them out. Well, friend, I saw then that thee enemies had divided; the main body depart ing one way over the hill, while a smaller party had crossed the river with a horse and prisoner. 'Truly it was Peter's opinion that this prisoner was theeself, and that if we followed thee, we might in some way aid thee to escape, thee captivators being so few in number. And so, friend, we waded the river, and followed thee trail until night came, when little Poter undertook to nose theeon in the dark, which he did very successfully, until we reached the place where the savages had killed their horse, and broken the cask of liquor, when truly the scent of the same did so prevail over Peter's nose, that I was in fear he neverwould smell right again in all his life, which was a great grief tome; for truly Peter's nose is, as I may say, the staff of my life, my defence, and my succor: truly, thee don't know the value of little Peter's nose. " Well, friend," continued the narrator, "Having crept up as near as I durst, I could see how thee was fixed, tied to the poles so thee could not help theeself, and the three savages lying beside thee, with their guns in the hollows of their arms, ready to be seized in a moment. I lay watching thee and thee oruel oppressors for more than an hour mar velling in what way I could give thee help." "An hour I" cried Roland, "a friend lying by me during that hour, the most wretched and distracted of iny whole exise tence ? Had you but cout the rope, and given me the knife to strike a blow for myself I" "Truly," said the man of peace, "I did se desire to do, seeing that then thee might have killed the Injuns theeself: which would have been more seemly, as being a thing thee conscienee would not disapprove of; whereas mine, as thee may suppose, was quite averse to any such bloody doings on my own part. Besides, I feared, in case thee shoulddiscover there was help nigh at hand, thee might ory out in thee surprise, and so alarm thee oleep ing captivators. And so, friend, I was in what thee may call a pucker, not knowing what to do; and so I lay hard by thee, with Potor at the back of me, watching and revolv ing the matter for that whole hour, as I told thee: when suddenly dowx fell a stick into the fire, and, the same blazing up brightly, I saw two of the savages lying beside thee, their heads so olose to gother thee might have supposed they both grow from the same pair of shoulders, and so nigh to me withal, that, verily, I might h~iv poked them with the muzzle of my gun. I can't tell thee how it then happened whether it was a sort of norvousness in my fingers' ends, or whether it was all an accident; but, truly, as it happened, my gun went off in my hands, as it might be of its own accord, and, truly, it blew the two evil creatures' brains out ! And then, friend, thee sees, there was no stopping, there being the third of thee captivators to look after; and, truly, as I had done so much, I thought I might as well do all the killing of three men being but a little worse than the killing of two; and, be sides, the creature would have hurt thee, as thee lay at his mercy. And so, friend, I did verily spring upon him, sinner that I am, and strike him a blow with my hatchet, which I had taken from my bolt to be ready; whereupon he fled, and I after him, being in great fear lest, if he escaped, he should return upon thee and kill thee, before I could getback to out thee loose. And so, friend, it happened that-that I killed him likewise ! -for which I don't think thee can, in thee heart, blame me, seeing that it was all, over and over again, on thee account, and nobody's else's. Truly, friend, it is quite amazing, the ill things thee has brought me to!" ". Had there been twenty of the villains, and youhad killed them all, I should have held it the noblest and most virtuous act you could have performed," said Roland. CHAPTER XXII. By dint of chafing and bathing in the spring, still foul and red with the blood of the Piankeshaws, the limbs of the soldier soon recovered their strength; and he was able to rise, to survey the scenes of his late sufferings and liberation, and again recur to the harassing subjeotof his kinswoman's fate. Again he beset Nathan with questions, whioh soon recalled the disturbed looks which his deliverer had worn, when first assailed with intorrogatories. "Lead the party first to the battle. ground," he said: " I am now, as a child in strength, but I can crawl thither to meet you; and, once on a horse again, be as sured no one shall pursue better or. faster than I." " If thee thinks of rescuing the maiden," said Nathan " I will do so, or die," exclaimed Roland. impetuously; "and would to Heaven I could die twice over, so I might snatch her from the murdering monsters. . Alas ! had you but followed them, instead of these curs ; and done that service to Edith you have done to me !" " Truly," said Nathan, " thee talks as ii ton men were. as easily knockled on the head as ten rabbits. There is a thing in this matter that perplexes me. Why did thee odesert the ruin ? and who was it led thee through the canes ? Let me know what it was that happenoed thee; for, of a truth, there is more in this same matter than thee thinks." Thus called upon, Roland acquainted Nathan with the events that had succeeded his departure from the ruin-the appearance of Ralph Stackpole, and the flight of the party by the river. " Where Abel Doe is, thee may be sure, there is knavery !" said Nathanu demanding earnestly if Roland had seen no other white man in the party. "I saw no otlher," he replied; " but there was a tall man in a blanket, wearing a red turban, who looked at me from a distance; and I thought he was a half-breed, likeDoe, for so, at first, I supposed the latter to be." "Well, friend ? And, ho seemed to com mand the party, did h6 not?" demanded Nathan, with interest. "The leader," replied Roland, "'was a vile, grim old rascal, that they called Kehauea, or Kenauga, or " " " Weinonga I" cried Nathan, with extra. ordinary vivacity; his whole countenance, in fact, lighting up with the animation of in tense interest,-" an old man, tall and raw-boned, a scar on his nose and cheek, a halt in his gait, his left middle-finger short of a joint, anda buzzard's beak and talons tied to his hair ?-It is Wenonga, the Black-Vulture. Truly, little Peter I thee is but a dolt and a dog, that thee told me nothing about it'!" (TO BE CONTINuvD.) 