Itttoatimwl oil o . ^ SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13. Acts xiii. 1-13. The First Christian Missionaries. Golden Text (Luke xxiv. 47).— 'That repentance and remission of sins should be preached in His name among all nations.' THEIR ORDINATION. We now turn from Jerusalem to Antioch. This was one of the cities to which disciples fled in the great perse cutions that tell upon them in Jerusa lem. Here a flourishing church came into existence. Names of leading men are given : — Barnabas, the son of con solation, the friend and helper of Saul ?of Tarsus ; Simeon Niger, possibly a ?coloured man of Africa ; Lucius of Cyrene, another man from that town in Northern Africa, in which was a colony ?of Jews (Acts ii. 10). and which fur nished some of the earliest Christian preachers (Acts xi. 20); and Manaen, who was ' foster-brother ' to Herod Antipas, who beheaded John the Bap tist. He had been brought up with Herod, and shared his education and recreation. Verse 2 gives us a glimpse of the religious occupations of this Christian Church — ' as they ministered to the Lord.' Whilst the prophets and teachers of the Church were engaged in these sacred duties, they received from the Holy Ghost the commission to set apart Bar nabus and Saul for the work of Chris tian missionaries. The separation of Barnabas and Saul was indicated by the solemn ceremony of the laying on of hands. This was certainly an outward sign, and probably, though not stated, some grace was imparted in the use of the rite. In the biography of the Rev. T. O. Keysell, it is stated that he looked forward to receiving a deeper baptism of the Holy Spirit at his ordination, and in a letter written a few months after the event he wrote, 'However the cere mony might be deemed a mere form, I am certain that I felt a communication of Divine power in my pulpit efforts immediately after, such as I never realised before.' Probably what this Methodist preacher felt was felt by Barnabas and Saul. THEIR DEPARTURE. In the account of their departure the Divine and the human elements are again mentioned. It is said ' they, ' i.e., the prophets and teachers, 'sent them away ' (verse 3), and in the next verse it is stated that the two mission aries were ' sent forth by the Holy Ghost.' God was the worker, and He wrought by human agency. They had with them at their depart ure a young man, John by name (verse 5). His surname was Mark (xii. 25 ; xv. 37). He was the son of the woman in whose house in Jerusalem the Chris tians assembled (xii. 12), and was a relative of Barnabas (Col. iv. 10). He went with the missionaries to act as a ' minister,' that is, to render personal service. Probably, he acted as a kind of private secretary, and may have assisted them in such parts of their missionary work as he was qualified to take. The port from which the little band sailed was Seleucia, about sixteen miles ?overland from Antioch. 'Two piers, the remains of its once magnificent har bour, retain the names of Paul and Bar nabas.' — Speaker's. THEIR FIRST MINISTRATIONS. The missionaries landed first at Cyprus, the native land of Barnabas, an island in .which there was great need for the Gospel. The population was prin cipally Greek and Pagan, but there were many Jews in the island. In .Salamis, the first place in which the missionaries preached, there were syna gogues. From Salamis they went across the island to Paphos. Here Sergius Paulus was the pro-consul, who was an intelligent and thoughtful man. He was impressed by the missionaries, but a dealer in magic, afraid of losing his hold of this distinguished man, endeavoured to destroy the effects of the Gospel upon his heart. In connection with this in cident, the interesting information is given that Saul was also called Paul. Some think that Saul adopted the name of Paul at this time to commemorate this illustrious convert, Sergius Paulus. Others think that it was a name which he possessed in addition to his Jewish name of Saul. Instances may be found in the Bible of Jews bearing Gentile names. See Genesis xii. 45 ; Daniel i. 6,7. Simon was also called Peter, and John, Mark. Similarly, it is thought that the name of the great Apostle was Saul Paulus. ^ From Papho3 they went across to Perga. Their visit to Perga is memor able from the fact that John Mark re turned home from this place. It was an unworthy departure (xv. 38). Possibly he was frightened by the perils of the work — 'perils of rivers, perils of rob bers.' His home, too, seems to have attracted him, for he returned not to Antioch. but to Jerusalem. Twenty-five persons have been tram pled to death in a panic at a church at Vinagora, in Austria. Many others were injured. The exact design of the memorial to be erected over the grave of Rev. C. H. Spurgeon has not yet been finally de cided upon. On the large flat slab in Norwood Cemetery there have been tem porarily placed the words, ' I have kept the faith.' The annual report of the Welsh Union gives the number of Baptist churches at ? 559, an increase of 202 in twenty years; church members number 95,520, an in crease of 33,469 in the same period ; Sunday-school attendants, 100,934, an increase of 41,258. Of chapels there are 845, providing accomodation for 306,818 ; preachers, 936 ; baptisms, 5,082. 