SCRAPS. Good fctnpor is liko n sunny day : it sliMs its brightness on everything. 44 TliorvV a pair of natural slippers, " snid an old fishentiau, jtoiiUuig to a couple of ccU. Cork, if sunk 20 foot in the ocean, will not rise on account of tlx? pressure of the valor. The oyster is one of the strongest creatures on earth. The force required tonjiou an oyster is more than 1300 times its weight. Papa to Johnnie, four rears old — "Won't Yr»n have another pirn? of duck, Johnnie?" Johnnie — 44 Verb, I Mievc I will. Duek'tli tny favorite chicken Vept turkey," Optician (to his new clrrk)— 44 Now, in sending out those price lists write the addresses as small as possible, sn that those reading them may feel how badly they need glasses." A— 44 1 hear you are going to marry a widow with £l'i,0l)0." R — "You have got things mixed up. I am going to marry £10,000 with a widow." "Idioms are not universally npplicahlc." " Which, for instance ?" " Well, a fanner can go to seed and a cow to grass and not he any the worse for it." Kldcrly aunt — "My dear, I have just put you down in my will fur £10,0')U." Her niece — "Oh, auntie, what can I say to thank you. How are you fueling to-day ?" At a negro wedding, when the minister read the words "love, honor, ar.d oliey," the groom intcrnipfc»! him and said, " Read dat again, sah ; read it wunce ino\ so's du lady kin ketch <h full solemnity ob du mranin1. l'su been married befu' !" " And did he say all that, Pat ?' " Yi. ver ri Terence, all thim names he called me. nti'. sis I, 4 1 wouldn't domain? rneself to lose me tiin|nv wid sucli a low hlagganl.' so I jist knocked him over wid the stick, and come awav." 41 Tommy," said an anxious mother to her !>oy, " your uncle will be here to dinner to-day, and yon must have your fare washed." " Yes, ma, but s'posen he don't come. What then ?" " .Tanc, what letter in the alphabet do ynu like best 7" "Well. I dnn't like to say. Mr. >nolil»s." 44 Pooh, nonsense! snv right out. Which do you like the L»>t ?" " Well," drop- piug: Iter eves. 41 I like U best." Look out for the man who Ivgins saving he 3S uot a hit siifjcrstitiruis. jjr i going to tell a ghost story that would ninke cold chills nm up and down the backbone of winter. 44 These trousers are verv imteh worn this season," said the tailor, displacing his goods. So are the ones I have on," replied the poet sadly. A physiologist sry= thai no man's bndv is ; as strong as his apj>etitp. This explain- whv & tramp run cat a bigger pile of victuals in a day than lie can saw wood. 4 Thcr don't make any kick altout the scabs on this road," sighed the l>obtaii-g;ir horse, as the driver hit him another whack on the same son place. According to a German authority, it has been found that zinc will rapidly crr.wle when in contact with brickwork. To prevent this, roofing felt is placed Ix-hveou the zinc and the brickwork. Diogcno the Cynic l«'ing interrogate a? to what benefit he reaped from his bnrharuu- philosophical researches, nnd his pursuit of wisdom — " If I reap no other l«eneijt," said lie. 44 this alone is sufficient rtunjK'h-atinri that I -am prepared to meet with equanimilv even -sort of fortune."'. From Oregon comes the queer story that " a five-year old child at llugone grows faster on one side thnn on the other without env apparent cause." Physicians there are reported to he highly interested in the case. A farmer near Yuba City. Col,, complains that fit) t<ma of hay thai lie hud cut. was drenched by a heavy rain, while on the opposite side of his farm there was a largo field of grain that needed rain, but did not get a drop. " Well, I don't see much difference lie t ween an idiot with his month open and an idiot with his mouth shut," snarled Mr. Topnoodv. "And you have such a large mouth, too." murrnurm! Mrs. Topuoody dreamily. Aud Mr. Topnoodv kicked the cat half way across the room. A sporting estate in the Highlands of Scot land, which was rained a few year? ago nt £84,0()0, was offered for sale the other dav af Edinbnrgh, and tiic reserve price was onlv £35,000, but there was not a single Lid. 