MY -FIRST AND ' LAST APPEAR .ANCE: r ' My first appearance-and I'll take particular care it shall be my last-was made in the very small theatre of a very dirty town in what is appropriately called "the Black Country." It was in a' poor and unfortunate company, where the "ghost " seldom wallked.l It crawled in a feeble kind of way now and then, -but visits to the treasury were generally so much wasted time.' The manager had tried tragedy, but, as the mtirders were: not committed either with heavy-nailed boots or pokers, the people of that region 'felt no touch of sympathy. He had tried melodranma, but the sentiments, of:the virtuous rustic and the valour.of the .ri tish sailor arousbd io emotiores'.,liatever in their breasts. Finally he secured an "infant phenomenon," and got me to write a piece which would give her an opportunity of appearing, in several different characters. " It was while I was superintending the production of this piece th?t'I' made my first appearance. I got down on the day of the first performance, just in tilte for rehearsal. To my horror I foiuid tlhat, with tile exception of the phenomenon herself-a poor little child with a thllin weazen face, which might have belonged to anybody between the ages of seven and seventy-nobody knew a word of the parts. I expressed my concern, but the low comedian of the company 'came to me and said-" It's all right, my boy. Wec'll wing it for you." I did not then know what " winging " might be, but the promise was given in such a tone that I felt it-could not but be to my advantage, whatever it was. So I was reassured. When night came, however, I found that the low comedian had been devoting the afternoon to drowning care, and that the liquor used in the operation had got into his legs. "Let's see," he said, com ing off the stage and turning over the manuscript, "what do I go on and do next ?" I particularly prided myself on the brilliancy of my dialogue, and you will observe that there was no inquiry con cerning what he was to say. I knew what " winging" was now. , But worse remains behind. The leaves of the manuscript had got out of their regular order, and the conse quence was that they played the last part of the piece first, the first part last, .and they left out the middle altogether. I verily believe there was only one line of my dialogue spoken, and I know that that line wai a most unfortunate one.' When, in the piece, an old gentleman was getting puzzled over the constant "changes" of the phenomenon, he had to say, " If anybody understands 'what /tis is all about, I'll forgive 'em." This was, unfortunately, spoken. The audi ence was not so dull that they could not see the application, and a loud" Hooray I" which camne from one man in the-pit caused tme to tear tmy hair. I returned to my hotel in no very plea sant frame of mind, and want to/betl at once. Shortly after daylight I became aware that somtebody else was in "the room. In the dim light I presently made out the form of the low comedian. " What do you want ?' I inquired, seizing tli pil low with the intention of hurling it at him. H1e made no reply for a mniute or two. lie appeared to be engaged in mortal combat with an imaginary foe, and was striking out furiously with both arms. Then lie stopped, as if not certain whether he had been mistaken in what he appeared to see, and seemed to be plucking cobwebs from his eyes. " \Vhat do you mean by keeping those things?" he asked, still continuing the plucking operation. " What things?" I inquired in turn. "\VWhy, those things," Ihe repeated, pointing to the middle of the room. " Can't you see 'elm ?" " No," I said crossly, "there's nothing there." "El I Oh, well, you know best, of course. They looked like snakes. Can you lend us two-pence ?" I was only too glad to get rid of him at the price, so I gave him the twopence, and he departed. He had not gone a minute before tihe door opened again a'nd somebody else came in. I was thoroughly cross now, and seized the pillow again with the full intention of hurling it ibhis time. "It was the'manager of the company. " I see Jenks has been here," he began. "Yes," I said, " he has: He's been going on in a most absurd fashion." "Alt I" he replied, " the old complaint moves the .elbow too much. He's a a dreadful fellow-been in a booth nearly all his life. But I came to ask a: favour. Wilkins has bolted." . " Well I" I demanded, "what's that to me ?" "Nothing to you, my dear sir, but everything to me. We've put up 'Lady lMaudlin'6 Secret' for the bespeak to night-four- and-tweuty seats taken in the boxes-and we can't play it."' " I'm sorry for you," I said, but I'can't help you." "Yes, you can," he put in eagerly; "you can play the part." "Nonsensel I've never appeared in my .tfe." \- "That doesn't matter. It's a small part; you can be' letter-perfect in half an hour. I can't change the piece, or I wouldn't ask you." I consented, glad enough to get rid of him and get to sleep again. I got up early)', worked hard at the part all day, and thought I was all right. But I wasn't. In the piece, Lady Maudlin had to push me down a well after I hIad gone' through a tolerably long scene with her. I stepped on the stage confidently, but the blaze of light dazzled me, and beyond the footlights I saw a dark space .in which, as it seemed to me, countless faces were floating about. Lady Maudlin, however, did not find thlem countless; she'had evidently esti mated the number, and she whispered to me as I went on, "Four pounds- in thp gallery." I tried o'lspeat, ubtmy paie pletely gone outi of iy'head have all come back tb'o ie n two, but'd(he jromnpter con r well," dancing about imean dent excitement. I gotto th wI "The well," he shoutedi excitedly,'" where she pitches yo So far as I knew, this wat'the was to "pitch me in." ' t all could see no'other... Threwa pause. I felt it incum nt say something, so I sholio l. ai able. woman. What `i, She had not beeni atte pting 'ida thihg up to this time.)?, p Lady Maudlin see gave way. I followed suggested itself to me," ously'by the wrist and, the stage. The audin she called mie' uncoi' sotto vaoce. "Ha I' faint. 'Get me some,w well." - .`" ,i''" "+c I leant over. the well get h according to the stage-drecds she, also ;according to stage it came behind ime, struck me on the with' the handle .of, the' ixindlasi knocked me in. But I.could findinoo rantin the stage-directions.ioraie manner in which she' did:it. I a bump there for weeks. Neither coo find any hint in the stage directionsl it was necessary for me to fall 'adistf of eight feet on to some not particlaw soft bricks. That is what'I' id, th ' I bruised both my etbo.s: anid biothli knees, and 'I Tfelt! certain in'lr my"' oii mind that if I had had'any riore clibih and kniees I should certaitily hase lihiii them too. I should thinkl I lay IthereTie over an hour, and: nobody totok:' slightest notice of rte.' Then I got up shook myself, felt my bruises over, and; went but to a chemist's. As I got out of the stage~ door I saw the burly figures of two -co liers agin the dark corner of the will. "W W thou waiting for?" asked o/Ie mnm th other. I could see that the other, hd a half-brick in his hand, and I ,?wai his reply with some interest. .- "I'n ing," he said'in a low loarse, voice with a fixed determination in hist '"I'm waiting for youn chap. tt that part where he went d f took one glance at the fled. Idid not goba part, and, indeed, l,d the play was ever finis took the first train'baci This is the 9nly" stage I have ever m ihe Era Abinanack i 