CHAPTER XXXIX.-ME. HAOKBIT'S CHRISTMAS DAY. It was between fire and six o'clock when Mr. Saltring and Mr. Simpler arrived at Hackbit's house; it was dark. There was no light in any of the downstair rooms facing the street; but one of the two upper rooms had a light, which shone through dark red cnrtains. On entering they were met by Wilson, who ignored Mr. Rimpler altogether, and looked at, addressed, and answered Mr. Saltring only. The doctor bad seen Mr. Hackbit, and bad ordered such large doses of laudanum, and so often, that Mrs. Hackbit dared not give them. She was upstairs with Mr. Hackbit, which Wilson did not think proper or safe, as Mr. Hackbit was mad in her opinion, and wanted a strait-jacket. Mr. Saltring went upstairs, and Mr. Rimpler remained where he was, for the time, and afterwards went to his own bedroom and sat there. As Mr. Saltring opened the door of the bedroom, he saw Eeziah, terrified and weep ing, and Mr. Hackbit in a very menacing attitude. He seemed to recognise Mr. Salt ring as he entered, and addressed him at once. "I'm glad you've come," he said, with heavy and ill-aimed movements, trying to wipe the perspiration from his brow and face, which was deeply red. " You will see me righted. They're in a plot against me. She's in it," pointing with a trembling band towards Eeziah. "The devil's in it too. And I saw him last night looking at the win dow. They're all in the plot." 'We'll see it put right," Mr. Saltring re plied, soothingly. Then turning to Eeziah, he said, " Wilson says you've not given the medicine the doctor ordered." " It's laudanum," whispered Eeziah, with dilated eyes, " and so much and so often, I'm afraid." " You must not be afraid," said Mr. Salt ring. " Let me pive it." Hackbit began to walk about the room un evenly and rapidly. Mr. SAltring steadily dropped the laudanum into a glass, " Come Hackbit," he said, "drink this." Hackbit made a step forward, and at tempted to grasp the glass, but missed bis aim, and his hands closed on air. He was standing close to Mr. Saltring now. His eyes were injected terribly, and looked as if he conld not have slept for many nights. Mr. Saltring raised the glass to bis lips. Hackbit attempted to hold it, too, but trembled so violently that his teeth chattered against the glass. He swallowed the dose, however. " I shall be rained," said he, as soon as be bad swallowed it. " They're all in the plot, Saltring. There's that Rimpler, he ferrets eveiything out. He got to know all about uncle Rimmon and the business in Brum." Here he broke off, and began to strike the air violently. "Take that, be said, "and that." The perspiration was pouring off him sow. Mr. Baltnng pinioned him, fearing what he would do next. "Lookhere," he said," Saltring. I'm not going to be cut with them knives, I know what you're holding me for." " You're not going to cat with any knives," ?eplied Mr. fialtring. "Well," returned Mr. Hackbit. confiden tially, "I've killed that fellow three times to-day, and there be is again," and he shook bimself free of Mr* Sfiltriog, and plunged towards the mirror, in which was his own reflection, and sent it smashing into the win dow. Mr. Saltring seized him, bnt he was not sufficient. Hackblt straggled and raved. Keziah flew from the room, and called Mr. Simpler. Wilson was on the staircase. "Fetch the doctor," Keziah said to her: "the master's worse." She did not go back into the room. Once free, she dare not return, Sbe jest went downstairs and sat in the dark dining-room, in a kind of apathy. She was startled from her reverie by the doctor's voice. He was asking where she was. She went to him. "Have yon given the landannm, Mrs. Backbit, 20 drops every two hours, since I was here ?" he asked her, " Oh, doctor, I didn't dare," said poor Keziah. The doctor was an abrupt, and not a ladies' man ; so he became angry. " Do you want him to die," be asked, with an aspect of ferocity, " that you don't obey my orders? He would have been asleep now, if you had done what I told you." And with this the doctor walked upstairs, Keziah fol lowing. Mr. Hackbit had in the meantime been fastened to bis bed, and had become more violent, though his efforts were ineffectual, " Just one drink of brandy, Bimpler, come," Hackbit was bawling in his ear. " It would make a man of me again. Look here," he called out to the doctor, " these madmen make me stay in this graveyard without a drink of brandy to steady my nerves. They can't see those ghosts, but I can. Ob, bow their bones rattle I Just one little drink of brandy, and I'll stand it." And he babbed on feverishly. " Look here, my good people, it's not my fault," he called out, " I am only the representative. Yon didn't borrow the money of me. Look in my pockets. I'm as poor as you. Don't bother me about where you're going to sleep to-night. See, I am in a cold graveyard. I've nothing better." Mr. Saltring looked at the doctor, who was dropping some more laudanum into the glass. " He's in a bad way," he said. " He must get sleep," Baid the doctor, " at all cost. That fool of a woman didn't give the doses." Mr. Saltring felt inclined to resent this lan guage. But looking in the doctor's face, be concluded that bis bark was worse than his bite. Hackbit willingly drank out of the glass, but did not appear satisfied. His bands were loosed, and be moved them incessantly in a nervous way against one another or upon the quilt. "Are you staying here to-night?" the doctor asked of Mr. Saltring. " Yes," he replied. " Then give nim the 20 drops again, every two hours until be sleeps. Mrs. Hackbit ought to go to bed. She looks miserably ill. Give ber two glasses of port wine." " Thankyou,doctor," said Hackbit. "That's something like. I shall be another man now." Overhearing the words, he supposed the wine was ordered for bimself. Keziah had slipped from tbe room, and she was standing outside. " I have ordered you to drink two glasses of port," said the bnuque doctor. ' No, no," said Keziah, waving him away with he hand." Not that, not that terrible stuff, after-after what we've seen. Order me laudanum, liko him upstairs; a good dose, and end it all." And she bnrst into a passion of weeping. Tbe doctor patted her head, as be might have done a child's with his rough, heavy hand, which could be gentle, it appeared. "You want rest." And be took her with him down stairs and administered the port wine there and then, and went away, muttering that women were most extraordinaty creatures. "Only think of that beast upstairs being cried about, and wanted to live. It seems the worse a man is the more they stick to him." As soon as he was gone, Keziah saw that a good table was spread for Mr. Saltring's use and comfort. Some hours later, when all was hnshed in the sick room and Keziah was lying on the couch in tbe dining-room alone, she saw a figure standing outside, looking np to her window. She sprang up like a child who sees its mother after a long absence. She could not let him go away again without having one word of comfort from him. She did not hesitate a moment. She might have wavered if she had. She flew to Elworthy's side. "Oh, Rupert." she said in a convulsive whisper. " He's maddened with the drink." Blwortby bold her near him, and muttered something she did not catch. '. You have got some doctor, Kizzy J" be said. " Did he tell you to give laudanum ? He must have it to get to sleep, or he will die." " Oh, yes, Rupert," said Keziah, in a low voice, with some fear in it. "My poor darling, said Elworthy. What else conld be say ? " You must not remain here another moment; you are trembling." And be added with Bome vehemence, "If you were ill, who should keep me away? Who is with him now? You've got a nurse, Kizzy ?" And he thought with horror of the possibility of his darling having to liBten to tbe ravings of that brnte wbo called her wife. " Mr. Saltring came, and is with him to night," she answered. " God bless and reward bim for it," said Elworthy solemnly. " And now, good night." And he said lingeringly, " [ shall come again to-morrow, and until this trouble is over. Yon may speak to me or not, as you need." He longed to kiss her, but did not do so. And Keziah found herself lamenting the fact, when she was once more in the darkened dining room. Bnt all this time Mr. Silas Bimpler bad been keeping a vigil, like the owl in a belfry, widest awake when others are sleeping; and had been in no small degree amused and gratified by the scene that was enacted under bis window. 