AMONGST THE BOOKS. LITERARY GOSSIP. Mr. William D. Howolls, tho novelist, who only thrco months ago assumed the editorship of tho Cosmopolitan Magazine amid a great blnro of literary trumpots, has resigned. It iB stated that his resignation is caused by liiB desire to dovoto all bis timo to authorship, and that ho will continuo to oontributo to tho magnzino re gularly. Mark Twain Ib still on the Continent. Tho other day ho sent over word to London that ho meant to begin n now book. That being so, ho wanted a fountain pen nnd some manuscript paper sont him. By this time tho fountain pen and tho manuscript paper hnvo no doubt reached him in tho fastnesses whero ho makes holiday. Twnin nearly nlways writes with ono of thoso pens which you can load with ink nnd storo in your pocket. Ho always uses rather small sized sheets of paper, and his writing is fairly large. Thoro is a specimen of his hand in his coming new work, tho American Claimant. Ho puts it — and it is atrooiously bad — on to one of bis ohnraoters, but nevertheless it is his. Tho story goes that M. Olinet wrote tho Iron master during his honeymoon, more or less in collaboration with his bride. On tho young eouplo's roturn to Paris, it was olfered to several publishers, who refused it unanimously. Madamo Olinet, howeror, bcliovcd in her husband's orention, and porsuaded him to publish the volumo at his own expense, which he accordingly did. His profitB as an nutlior liavo been ovor 1,000,000 f., more than throe times as muoh as Zola has made on any one book. On tho othor hand, it is only fair to add that the greater part of tho mouey has come to him not bo muoh in his capnoity as autiior as of dramatist, for tho Ironmaster made oven a hotter play than it did a novel. M. Olinet now produces all his Btorics in fouilleton form. Ho works three hours a day regularly, sometimes in the early morning, sometimes Into at night. Ho composes slowly, and only turns out 1000 or 1200 words a day. Wlion ho has dono his allotted task ho roads tho MSS. over to his wife, who makes tho oopy whioh will bo finally sent to tho'printor. All hiB novels aro written with a viow to ultimate adaptation to tho stage. Dr. Boyd, under tho titlo of Twenty-Jive Years of St. Andrew's, has brought together a number of excellent Btorics, which afford a good idea of modern Scotoli wit, and afford perhaps a bettor notion of the lighter shades of tiio Scottish oharaoter than anything which has appeared since the days of Dean Ramsay. The following anecdote is a fine sample of the rest; While on a visit to Lord and Lady Strath- marc, at Glamis Castle, Dr. Boyd was told of a now way to exorcise old ghosts : — "Everybody has hoard of tho haunted room at Glamis. It has been put about that the mention of it iB a painful subjoot in the family. Hover was ranker nonsense. In the morning the first quostion of tho delightful oountess to hor guests was, 'Well, have you seon the ghost?' The earl treated the subject more scientifically, in a fashion yielding praotical counsel. He told us that somo years before an excellent dignitary, who wns always oolicoting money for church building, had just gene to bed, when of a sudden the ghost appeared— appar ently a Strathmoro of some centuries back. With great presence of mind the clergyman took tho first word. Addressing the ghost, be said bo was most anxious to raise money for a churoh he was erecting ; that be had a bad cold and could not woll get out of bed ; but that his collecting book wns on his dressing table, and ha would be extremely obliged if his visitor would give him a subscription. Upon this the ghost vanished, and lias nover como back any more." Edna Lynll has been giving a contributor to the Novel llevicw some particulars of her work as a novolist. Her first published story, Won by Waiting, was writton shortly after slio loft soliaol, " I wrote n good deal of fiction in an amatourish way," sho said, "whiio at school in1 Brighton, and when I was 10 years old I bad a vague intention of becoming a novelist. But Won by Waiting was my first published work. Thon cams Donovan nnd its sequel, We Two, botli of which I wrote while I was living in Linooln." The authoress oxplained that licr aim in Donovan wns "to describe an almost isolated man who, though all worldly things appeared against him, should, by sheer nobility of oharaoter and steadiness of purpose, struggle from tho darkness of Atheism to tho light of Christianity." We Two boars a strong re semblance to Donovan, and was suggested to tho author by her reading that Mr. Bradlaugh, when imprisoned in the cloolc tower, had tele graphed to his daughter. Before writing the book, Edna Lyall ' corresponded with Mr. Brad- laugh on the subject of Donovan, and nltimatoly sho mot him in London to dismiss tho SeoulariBt movoment. From that interview sho dorived muoh of tho knowledge that enabled her to doseribe Luko ltueburii, the Secularist lender, whoso daughter, Erica, is led from tho ranks of tho SoonlariBts to tlio Christian camp. Edna Lyall described to her visitor her moiliod in novel writing. "Tho conception of the principal oharaoter oomcs first," sho says, "and then I plan the circumstances in which the character is to bo developed. AftorwnrdB I work in the secondary oharaaters, tho events and surround ings, so as best to evolva and sustain tho central figures." Miss Bayly doos not exhauBt horsolf by long hours of work, " neither rising witli the lark nor ' burning tho midnight ail ;" but she generally writes for two or three hours during tho morning, nnd gots rapidly through her laborB with tho aid of a typo writor. Her best work is dono, sho says, whon sho fcols least inolmod for it. 