l VER D LINES. e L When I r, people who don't even know hoilk the stage getting their teuner 4nen a week in Lon 1 don, it makeick. And the pro fession has c pretty pass when actors and ac have to make way for raw amate 's perfectly disgust itng-and you 'em so. I don't x lere's any trade or I calling which I iany ups anri dorns in it as the profession... I was horn and brow n it, bless your life; and 1 ought - something.. And the worst of i t the. downs come rather' mure 4 fly when a nian's getting on in e and yellow than when he's yvu, ossy. 'Look at nie. Here, sir, -you an individual who in his time h everything-from Hamlet t th ling Sergmtnt, firm Charles Surfa pawibiroker' in'i comaic scene-, it am I doiig no'n 1 As sure as thi mstaetters, and mi drinking lage a dresser, sir, a dresser; and- go- n for Shylock. now, at half-·as notice. - - The story I ut to. tell you is a story with a to it-as all stories should have at stive season. When I have finishe narrative, you may possibly think of me than you do at present. I so possible that the keen. edge of sentiment may have woranitself oude grindstone of Time, like mine'"viJ either case, here .is the star y'Pshing, illf.avored it may be, but ndit?h* Your health;-fair sir. It was ii summer 'f IS-, never mind the ghat found myself, for the first time ihlife, in:the town of Nant boure-suple. Nantbourne is. or was at that, what is.called a fashion able wateriace ;and here I may men tion that aionable watering-place is not the bete in the world for good business fn theatrical point of view. In fact ib cust.imary with many managers fke e reduction even in the' miserable icalled "summer salaries" whenever hourne or any other "one eyed pitch our low comedy merchant would say) visited, partly on account of the bad less, and partly on account' of the beaid picturesqueness of the place, andje "treat we were enjoying at the seass Bah !i e And it la treat, make no error, when you?t such a place. It wasn't much of 't one saw, what with con stant cali playing in every piece, S and study burst you.. But; change t the bill as as you liked, you'd never s get the pin-on a fine night, that's e to say. Gym a new burlesque every s night, play tragedies and'the "screen e scene" in d-ening, or three farces and The Sea o or what nrt, and it don't matter a b?. Your boxes are deserted, a and the bi minstrels at the end of the pier tall the sugar. People who 1 go to the sae have no muore taste for the dramas rly respresented, than' a cuttle-fish von may tell 'em.so. But I'nting long winded. What brought m antbourne was an adver tisement i last page but one of the t ra:- f A4 for Good Tour, Juvenile V .Geeond Low Comedian.(to I combine $pting), two enterprising I Utilities, ,man, Singing Chamber maid (to ?-ornet preferred), all well studied in egtimate, and to sing and dance.- 'Sqsobriety a sine qua non, and to lendand with the fit-up. Also a dashing -in-advance and property Sman:(with lime light).. A. lady and \- gent. amt1i?sy write.- -All must dress \- well on and eie'stage. Salaries low, hut sure. Sjed envelope to Madame Nora de la C bure, 43 Meen's Avenue, Holloway. fars advanced; aid'-si lence a court? negative. Jack Nichl and I-he's in Aus tralia now, aek-wrote in, lie' for 'juveniles, an self for second low com. and promptin nd our terms were ac cepted. The pany met on the stage on the Satr we were to open on the Monday; an erybedy had put' in an appearance, e to the property man and the dashing t-in-advance. Madame N'ora turned to be the wife of the man who was ning the show, a party calling himsel;Guy Fitzclarence." She was a pretty, :-eyed little woman, all hair and hee Lth a figure like an hour giass, and v to take the money at nights and thso on in the burlesque. He was a big,lbated-looking. party with a black moustlie, and woefully shaky in the legitimatl However, that didn't matter a butt-to us. Well, busir was, as I had ,expected, something cr1 the greater part of our first week. I up what we might, it wouldn't pull a in. Friday, the "'grand fashionable ni " was a bit of a pick up, though, and. all turned up at twelve o'clock next , in our best togs,. and with every ex tion of the ghost Walk ing-even if i re but a ghost of aghost Joe Potter, first low com., was the only croaker nongst us. Like most comedians, ht k a gloomy view of thines in gene "My boy." ' kept on saying when remonstrated h, "it's always as well to be prepare the worst. I haven't travelled all tI years without gaining some experiene. This governor of ours may have the nk of England at his back; but wlt I say is this--we knowo Inothing of him'. And my advertisement went to the ºa on Thursday. We waited aboutfor ar bit-no manager. Presently, thedashing agent in advance made his appnce. He wasn't togo on to the next l#& r a day or two. "Treasury tsight, ladies and centle men, after theeerformance." "There! what did I. t] you 1" grumbled Joe to me, as the &nt; took his departure through the Csng door. And for the next quarter nf i hour there was grum bling and gr v ng enough on the stage of the T. R., tbourne, foramenagerie of wild animals. "I shan't go to-night, for one," said' ne member of the cont pany. " When the next train to the ' Smoke' ?" entred another. "Just like my luck," sighe a third. "The fourth blooming dry uFI've been connected with in six months." The amateur!ady and gent., who, of course, didn't epect any screw, took it the coolest of to whole lot, with the ex celition of the singing chambermaid clever, practicalirl that !-who waltzed out of the theat then and there, packed up her props, lumbered her sealskin jacket, paid-herandlady, and went back to town by the £30 train. As I expected everyone else turned up to play at night; and after the perform ance we were .lled into the governor's dressing-room. There he stood, with his curly- brimmed lat on, and one hand in side the collar f his frockcoat. He ad dressed'us in the good old "King drinks to Hamlet" fashion, without hardly mov ing a muscle. ' "Ladies and gentlemen,-I am com pelled, through -a series of reverses, to throw -myself upon your generosity. Business, ladies and gentlemen, has been hel -I should say truly awful. I have Iparted, with myiring to satisfy the land- lord'- of the building.. My~ poir wife"i (here he brushed awav a practicable tear). "hi ashypothected every stitch of clothing down to her hoots to appcsae the wrath of the rascally printer.. And yet;,.ldiess aid gentlemen, there is a glimpse of sunshine' through the clouds. On Thursday next, I am happy to say, I have secured tIe l patronage of the mayor, and the co-opera tion of several talentedi members of the local amateur club so that a crowded house may be expected. :At the conclu sion of Thursday's perforiiance the'bal ance of your salaries will be handed ye. i In the meantime this is all I can do for ye." And; plaing one solitary half-sovereign on the table, he bowed cto the -company, and left'the room.: The,scene which followed, sir, may be more easily. imagined than described. I will leave it. to your. imagination. I quitted,the theatre that night with seven pence halfpenny, as my share, in my poc- I ket, and a 'shrill-voiced hbeldame, the mother of eleven, to face when 1 got home to my lodgings. Pointiig to ,the .dirty fragment of paper a hieh.alone graced my supper-table, the beldamne in question put her arms akinibo and paused for a reply. It was weakness on my part, but it was the best-thing 1..couldhave done under the circumstances. I lunig the seven pence halfpenny on thefable, sank-into a . ehir, and-butrst ifit' ,htars. '- " But my landlady took a lot of moving It was fully ten niiutes ere she would consent to wait till Thuisday for her money. But I had a goodish-sized basket { upstairs, the contents of which the worthy ! soul had no doubt appraised; and that , fact, together, with my tears, settled the matter; so the usual yesst dumplings and 1 smiill jug of smaller ale'were proiduced; and' I was left alona" with iiy thoughts and niy supper. Atthlie ame time there was a longing, lingering look in that land lady's eye which: said,- as plain as ever Paris spoke, the words .in Romeo. and Juliet, only in more forcible language S"My lord, I'would that Thursday were to-morrow !" - "And it was a house on:Thiursday. I'll wager my life there was every bit of forty quid in it ; and merry enbugh we were in the dressing-room over the thoughts of , the ghost walking at last.:. The first piece I i was. Lend Me Five Shillings," played i by the amateurs, to'be followed by ".All that' Glitters is not Gold:" Just as I'd ninade up, and was preparing to 'go down stairs to see the stage set; my ear caught ; the sound -of- 'distant murmurings; and none the best: of-language. IL was just going to shout down to 'em to be quiet- - we dressed up in the flies, you'll under stand-when up rushed Jue Potter. ; Quick' as' lightning he eniveloped himself 1 in a disguise cloak, and cramming 'his 'street hat over his eye's; dashed down stairs again, and out of- the stage-door before I could even ask him what was the matter. , "Butwhen I.got.on the stage there was no nieedto ask that question. The black despairing looks, thecurses loud and deep, told me quite'enough. The governor had bolted with the takings ! " ' ' \- ."Joe'll .never catch'him,' said one. t'The man would never.hbe such a fool as to go by train from here.". And so. it turned out., But never shall.I forget the sceie in that theatre, sir .! Of course, .there was aii end'at onice to the "perform 'ance; but. ihat w\ith a free fight on the stage- between 'our company-'and the talented amateurs,e w otweantcd us to go on'acting, tla gallery tearing up theseats, the pit pelting' oyster s hells:and'empty bottles'-at' the drop curtain, the ladies :calling: "police !" and the 'mayor loudly threatening to give every actor in the place six -months on thetreadmill, Bed lam broke'.loose was a,fool to the situa tion. However, there wis nothing for it but to 'gi hBdie and beard the liIn, that is the landlady, once more.' This time, however,' tears were of' no avail:-I've 'read a good deal in books about kind, charitable landladies, but can't say:L ever came across one, and small blame to 'em, what with moonlight fittings, and letting down baskets from the liedroom window in the' middle of the `rhth; add other little dodges of those bright ornaments of the profession, my Lord Bilk and Sir Charles Slover. She was waiting for me -no fear. My story..was -son told. Then came the usual scene. Brimstone and dynamite, an Irish free and easy, a waggon-load of cockato~is being skiuned alive, with the Falls of Niagara thrown in-and the door slammed in my face. I'd give that woman a' fier-a night to play the curse scene in Leah-and " you may tell her so. - SI slept that night on ,the beach, with iny head on a coil of rope. I met Jack Nicholson next morning, and he told me that the rest of the company had man aged somehow or other to get out of the town. As for Jack and myself we hadn't a farthing between us. . Our props were safe under lock and key, and there was nothing but the casual word or starvation to look forward to. Thank you kindly, sir, I will have another, for talking's dry work. SWell-I must get on-with the story we determined we wouldn't give in just yet. The town was full.of people, and we could both sing a bit, so we begged a bit of cork, blacked up, and worked the town. We were unable to extend our operations to the pier, not having even the price of the toll in our possession, muchl less the means t4 square the 'ier master_ And a pretty blooming trade we did. By seven o'clockl that night all we'd taken was two pirits of ale, a couple of tarts, the shank bone of a leg of mut ton, a saucer of shrimps, "an invitation to a meeting to promote the conversion of the Jews, a bad shilling, and seventeen pence farthing "in bronze,'" as the police would say. In the opinion of that "one eyed" place, sir, two greater frauds in the Sshape of niggers never came that way. A shilling out of our hard-gotten gains we expended in borrowing a barrel-organ. SThat is to say, we filled the proprietor thereof blind drunk, and whilst the un fortunate Italian was sleeping off the ef r fects. we took his instrument and his t monkey out for an airing. But we did Seven worse at that than at the nigger Sbusiness; for Jack couldn't manage the I stops, and so mixed up all the tunes that I even the maids-of-all-work stopped their Sears, and ran away from us. And the in fernal monkey wouldn't dance a step for strangers, and eventually took a bite out Sof the calfof my leg; so we very soon re Sstored the organ and appendages to their Srightful owner. s What was to be done 1 Jack suggested \- working the fit business in the hotel Scoffee rooms, but that was a bit too risky. a I had thoughts of getting my companion to tumble into' the sea, to be eventually rescued by my gallant self. But the fact \- of neither of us being able to swim put a Sstopper on that idea of earning a bit. As LI~c.'.·~- - - . - it was, we were almost starving. : At-last; we settled to shake the dust of Nautbourne from our feet, and tramp to LMaissingham, the nearest large town. If it ctme to the worst, there would be oc casibnal hayricks to sleep against on our way, and.turnip-fields and corn-fields to furnish refreshment ; and as for getting runs in or dying of inidigestion-- well, we couldn't be much worse offthaliawo were. We" got on' pretty well the first two days. Jack gave recitations at the road side publics, and I went round with the ihat -and we actually went thrmugh a per formanceut o ? 'Number One-Round the Conier" in the'. bar-parlor of a-.village hostelry..? So that.our'circumstances had improved a. little on. the.morniig of thp third lay frthni leaving Nantbourne, when we seti out to do the last stage. of twelve miles into Massinghami Woefully shabby we both iere to be.siire'!'Haunds thrist deep: in fruoiseri-pckets, with not a vestige of white cuff or«collar' to be seen, ive days' growth of heard on our'chiis, boots in the List stage of decay, we tramped along.: All of a sudden tuy eye lighted on an object.?in the middle of the road. It wdas lealliernpurse. ' Quick ss thought I placed my foot upon it.' " Go on, Jack don't iiind me," T said,. "There's an infernally sharp stone got into my boot" . Sidigularly eiodighlacdk did it go on. "It's a most extraordinary coincidence, old man,"t he said,.- but-there's:about a ton of granitein.my..boot'--and&then;, bursting out laughing, he cried: "Noyoadon thf my bohy- ' onor ntopg ' ' ' You knoib the rest" . '. `Well there was niothing for it -bit to puts good face on the imatter. and cut up' the fisnd. Shirts: and Shapes! hlio'my heart beatas we couited out three pounds eight and twopence halfpenny: Talk about castles.in the air! Why, before we'd gone another mile-Jackl and I' hsd settled on taking Drury Lane. And what s..spread. we promised ourselves in .Massingham ! . ...About a mile from that town we met a melancholy-looking :woman. in widow's ;weeds and tears. . "In mercy tell me, young man," she cried;- 'have you seen a purse on the way I. started from hme .this morning to buy my monthly stock in 3lassinigham -for since my poor dear husband'is death I have just managed to keep body and soul together by keeping a small 'shop in a little. village eight; miles off, audlhe money in that purse-it inusthihe' fallen through this hole in my pocket-is all I htave in the world, young men !".-Aid the poorcreature was oce more, "'like \iobe, all teiias.' - "Of course we gave it back to her? " Wha-tf Of course we did nothing of the sort. We just told her we hadn't seen a purse, and we went on into Massingham, and had a shavie and a wash, and bought two .clean collars, and' dined at the farmers' ordinary-at the Lion and Lamb, and went to .the Princess' Theatre at night, where the company got up a subscription for' us to enable us to get back to 'London. I told, you at the beginning, this story had a moral to it; and .the moral, as you have:doubtless already guessed; is-"Honesty is--" I mean, '! Cusarity'begins of home"-aind you may tell 'em so. 