ABOVE THESPEAltEft "SEICHES By 'Timotheus. ; ; •'TiumtbeuspJacWonJiigft." .„ , For weeks past the Ministry have bcenlike unto the " sick man '"of fetitt)jfc, $?ajly$e \- i- ;» nnmiLtose, but there is a tnake Ulli" — Turk is comatose, but there is amnKe holieve that he is alive anfwell add capable of governing, .in order to prevent Vguarijel .-nhpriiance. mo shall own the ui s . , oboutthe inheritance, . Golden Horn 1 which position—apd Gibbon's "nnrnle patch"—renders him an object of JUiuv. 'purple patch"—renders him an object or cjvy and solicitude. If that could be settled, the Turk would be warned to, go. Wlio is to occupy the Treasury benches ? " 1 —M 1» MMUimJ t||« i is to occupy ««< , r ^ny moment that could be. arranged the Government would have been declared unlit. yat the watchers tit' the sick b&l; haye been' not so much studying the patient of late as glancing askance at each oth^; rf ' ' In suck a situation anjtomc'mayocouir.; Yet under the special , ciraUmetatices of the case the Opposition bad 'a "right to be astonished, When. Sitting in ihnd&htcanbus; to endeavour to arrange niatfers witbthb Council about the Stamp dill, a messenger appeared on the scene, "breathless with spurring, iiery hot with : haste," ; bringing the intelligence "Sir Bryan has gone and tabled a motion on his own account." The action thus taken upset all plans and arrangements. It is very annoying to have nicely predated plans and arrangements upset, and possibly the rumour is true that, despite the presence of Mr. Harper and Mr. Campbell, some of the language used in the committee- room was more picturesque than Presbyterian, During and after the labour party .scene on XJULII'ft — "" • >C • Wednesday, a hurried conSultatiob bf leaders occurred in open House.' Mr. Gillies, so to speak, was in the chair. Sir Bryan was re presented by his acting country lieutenant The Ministerial dissentients sent their chief in person. The decision was ; " We^nnptbjp very careful. The beginning has arrived of the end. The Government is! visiWy gojrig to pieces. The only thing that -can save it is some premature action on otir part before parties have come together." The member for Port Fairy knew all this, and still he made his plunge. Whether he made it for good or evil remains to be seen. Sir Bryan's idea is to peg away—to drop, in « direct hostile motion whenever there is a pliance. And Sir Bryan is of the race of the Satichb I'anzos, who were a stiff-necked dot, and when they said " odd," odd it was. with them though all the test of the world said The member for Port Fairy is not Jinked ii these matters as Other melt are.- /Hefrankl explained that the temptation to much for him. ' Hiat ' tbe r *'«OMe of the previous evening ' should not b followed by a Vote of want" c confidence was a something beyond hi powers of realisation, so as there was • no op else in the House to take action, why, he dii so himself, filling up.one of the blank form which he is understood to providently can; about with him for such emergencies. A to bis future action, why, his friends said "N'o one could be prepared to act mor handsomely than Sir Bryan." Sir Bryan'; plea is that attributed to Francis (Jnnin Francis) when he helped himself ton piece 0 green turt'e fat from the plate of an asto nislied alderman, who was reserving tb morsel to the last: "There is my card if yoi want satisfaction, but I must say you had m right to tritie with a bonne louche so long." Mr. Cleveland's election ior New York city not for New York state, much-'less ft) America as a whole, is said to have dependei upon various arrangements, compacts, ait* understandings to be arrived at withorganiaa tions and interests which could turn th equipoise of parties either way. /And this i the position with regard to a hew Govern merit Anything will be possible anti the arrangement is made, '. The tim between the submission of a! vote 'of wan of confidence motion and the voting upon i presents a rare opportunity for diplomat! talent - 1 s jV 'l\ti Mr. Winter, Mr.Webb.jahda doaen-o tqembers, l)»ve been sarins .tpppptonopsi, that they support the GovemmmiV becaus thej oould see nothing' betfen 'before l^thChi AjMiuistry thus spoken .pf-by ifcpipfceraoi whom it relies has loaf caste. »S<mrfethmg-i sore to happen' to 'brin#iJotrfl1 &&"wui cloud, aid this,time tUeitjoidentwaath quarrel with the labour,numbers. Wfc the Government should liavpbad their litti' quarrel nh n,. - - 9 ft (MI5U AU quarrel nb one can Well' tell.' One coi understand Ministers insisting the ptfevit week that civil servicenalariesof £l£0 sb« pav *>i ^ - • .. fctw BOW PSy the 2J per cent reduction, fobAM**, WP matter of £30,000. But as regards : the 1 dealing with Ministers and the 'Officers Parliament, it does notmake £30O«or ; £150 difference to theTieMrury fdttn whether you cdmtnehoo afc;£lj50, br And if it is stud "that tbeJMT famr paid to officers about the Hdnsts isbould treated as the £160 per annumpaid men- outside,' there h' the easy and hutficii reply, " Look at toe,, hours." At * rate, when Ministers had submitted t £150 minimum and had sustained , defe %y had done enough for'- hbno Why intimate that later ,on they woi renew the fight against Mr^ Btondey. agab Mr, WyUie, and against "sthedittie doctor And why &.sppftjpi pese.1 hiaJirn ••w-hP.uj« was thaT^r^!^ : -'fio faithjful .Broihiby'-ikivtf opm^n^-, "Ministeh? -'respited; to adhere to their adherent.. The idea' of.ia revbltinthe labourranks Sgoinst the m With domination caught on. The possib})i|y: of a rival labour ieadef was a revelation, there was at onceimparfc^d to the contest t£e human interest of two oombatantB. - It is not free trade ahd protection that attractattentidu :in Aperies so; much as Cleveland: and Harrison. It was not military; despotism ,-against' Civil government at Wi|bAdi^l»t Napoleon and Wellington; and < in the ■Assembly the question was "WillBromley pull the vote off or will Treuwith?!' i The Opposition, oh the plea of " supporting the Government in all its retrenchments," crossed the floor almost en masse. Ht. Bromley, with the customary Ministerial majority about him, confronted Ministers, 'who had their ,Mr. Trenwith.mid jtfie .Left, and he was defeatedby two votes. Then .toe1'storm broke oiit Mr. Trerj iwith was red ■. with anger, Mn, Bropley Was pale ob a ghost' with - emotion. This theffiber for Jiichmond thulfl not be kept down, . and. toe, member, for ' Carlton had , a, difficulty in getting up. The ohe" vitas vehement and" panting, and the othet Was halm and tremblihg. In pungent sentences Mr. Trenwith expressed his joy at the defeat of the Bromleyites, because those who would exempt salaries of, more toan £150 a year are aristocrats at hefert, When he sat down the cry all round the House was for "Bromley." Mr. . Speaker saw Bomeone-to the right first, and someone to the left next, but the cries were prolonged, and when- the member for Carlton at last took the floor he had a rattling personal reception, the Opposition joining in the cheers. His statement that a workman is entitled not only to the bareneces snries oTlife, but to a little comfort, took all rotnd. Further, a delighted House beard that Mr. Bromley has grave doubts as to Mr. Tren with's good faith ; and next a House which became uproarious heard Mr. Bromley's belief that the Government does not careone little bit for the labour party, and that if it uses Mr. Trenwith it is for its own purposes. 1 One thing is certain. Ministers may believe in Mr, Trenwith as labour leader, but the ! House prefers Mr. Bromley. \ The Government spent not merMy a bad quarter of an hour but a bad hour and a quarter by the clock. It took Mr. Isaacs, Mr. T. Smith, and the others so long to tell Ministers that if theycandispensewith their majority, relying on the Opposition, why, the majority maydispense with Ministers. -It might hkVe been worse tor Ministers/but Mr. Stiieis Considerately "cleared," and did hot remain,asone of his supporters said, "(to totych. .th^rn up, with ra stock-whip," .This prudence shews that the hori. gentleman is making progress as a Parliamentarian. Sir Grehamtook tke-r&e; of the " heavy father." As' he pat it, " Hon. members do not seem to know how unruly .toey are. I never heard of Government supporters taking the liberties they have indulged in this session. A little more respect to their old parent would be! becoming." There is some truth in the liberty-taking charge. But a "Government which has liberties taken with it generally deserves no better treatment In the language of the meteorologists, the affair was a "cyclonic intrusion." Cyclonic intrusions betoken, say the meteorologists, a change of monsoons. But that may be the wrong term. A change of Ministers is possibly what is meant. There are storms that clear the air. But this one belongs to the class that leaves the atmosphere morei sultry. j As to the Stamp Duties Bill, there will be no trouble in disposing of that The pre- j Sent Government, no matter how it magnifies t the matter, cannot force on a collision, and a : pew Ministry, which would -make a show' of some little concession as a matter of cour tesy, would settle the trouble in tea minutes. i It looks as though the Council leaders— i Sir Frederick Saigopd, Mr. Service, and the ■ptbers—had pretty well come^to toe con cldslon to abandon toe old idea that the, Council is tliV House of Lards of the colony, knd to stand upon-'the Constitution Act pure and simple,. £ir Charles Sladen adopted this view in his latter years. And note the report pf the'edmrtittee of fifteen 'sets forth the Principle in pretty plain words. 'A great deal is'to be said lb favour of; it. TheCoancil Is feoing dp-; the Lords1 have declined1 from their, once equal estate. . It is only in the Slleys (and in the novels about- them) that e qpick arid toe dead are linked together. A* to the Assembly, its position has always! been the pleasant one of toe little boy who is asked whether he will take pie or pudding, j and who replies " Both." When the Council■< would amend a money bill by virtue of the j onfleretandjngs between Lords and Com mons, thte' Assetnbly points to the Constita- j tiotvAct, which forbids amendments; and ' when the Council :would reject, the Assembly points to the Imperial practioe, which is held to forbid rejection. The Council does not particularly want to | amend a.bill just now; but it tnay.hsve-dn these troublous financial times—to reject a moneybjlliateron. The power of rejection may be dormant with the Lords, but it is a living power, under the Constitution Act, with the (CkHjpcfl. The " constitutional crisis" h&s; abouf served i js torn no.w,tbflt attention hto be^n prominently called to the Council's real power aud its true position. ,As to toe Ministerial crisis,, when all is ovet lt is possible that at a festive hoard some orator will give tJie,to«astr "The dear old Bit Byyan 1 tt'4s-.^epe»ible -<» manage jvitowtbim—or with him." ■ • ! 1 Okb personal phase of toe general election "■ f- Gmt Britain haS betti to d miniah the related members of the *• LvrS1'.1.-.' kt.'L " I.^A 13Anl1 Jl _ J related.members pi the i;, ^e^ toie-lateFarliir .wiwwap, theaeulere e^Utmstanqea ahtt son sat together; now, iMapnlrfive* . 