BAIIINSDALE PETTIY SESSIONS. W nEDNcSDAY, 12Tlo OcTOEnc. - (Before Mr C. G. Holmes, r.M., and Mr J. Bull, J.P.) ALLEGED IlORSBBTEALING. Michael Riordan, who was brought tip oil the previous day anid remanded, was charged that he did unlawfully take a mere, the property of Abol William son, of Hillside, of the value of £lO0. Sergeant Mullany conducted the prose ention and Mir Commins defended the accused. All witnesses were ordered out of court. The charge was laid under thle 74th section of the Crimes Act. Abel Williamson deposed that ho was a farmer, residing at Hillside. On the night of the lOth inst., in consequence of what he heard from Tom. Donohue, lie went to Hoyt's paddock, opposite the gate of his own paddock. He took a loaded gun with him and laid down in thie tussocks for about half an hour. As Ihe could not see the gate distinctly there, he and Donohou and his plough man, Crionan, moved into his paddock. Crinnan afterwards went into his Iot, and after the train passed by lie saw the accused come up and ride along the fence and enter the paddock on foot; then saw him catch the mare and look at her; then the accused went out of the paddock, and returned to the gate, riding his own horse ; then saw the ac oused again catch the mare and examine some of the panels in the fence; then accused went along the fence and tried several other panels, as if he wanted to get out, leading the mare all the time. Accused then came up by the pig stye near the house, and the dog saw him and barked, and the accused returned towards the gate with the mare, walking in a stooped position. Witness then rushed out on him and asked him " What are you doing with my mare ?" Accused dropped the reins and ran in an opposite direction to that in which he had been going. The mare continued to walk on towards the gate. Witness called on him to stop, and accused ran again. Witness called out a second time, and accused sort of stopped and went to go again. Then witness said he would shoot him, and cocked the hammer of a loaded gnun he had in his hand, and then accused stopped. Accused throw up his hands and said "For God's sake, Dick, have mercy." They were within 30S feet of each other. Witness said to aocused " You had no meroy on me." Accused then shammed drunkenness. Witness told. him it was no good-that he had been waiting for him for two hours and saw the whole performance. -Accsed asked him what he did, and witness told him, as he had just narrated. The other two men were present' whenhohe called upon the accused to stand. When the accused caught the mare the second time he was within 15 or 20 yards of the gate, but he never attempted to take the mare through it until after he had. felt a lot of the panels in the fence.. Witness. sent for Constable Halliday, and detained the accused until the constable arrived.. Before he sent for the constable accused said he was coming for a drink of water. Witness asked himn what Ihe was doing leading his (witness's) mare about-that it didn't look as though he came for a drink of waterwhlen he was leading tIhe mare about. Witness told Crinuanto bring the mare to hlimi Sihe was about two yards away. The bridle produced was on her. Before the constable arrived the accused said to witness, " Do t be too hard, Dick," and asked him why he wouldn't give him in charge for trespassing instead of for horsesteal ing. Witness had told him before this that he was going to give him in charge for horsostealing. He valued the mare at £100. He would not take that amount for Iher at the present time. The mare was in foal toCaramut. She was a very quiet animal and easily caught in the paddock even on the darkest night. He' never gave the accused permission to use her or take her- away.--Cross-examined by Mr Commins, witness said the mare had gone up in value -since he bought her, through her stock running so well. He had owned her for twelve months. He paid £10 for her to Mr Curry. He called her a pedigreed mare. Torrent was one of her stock' that had ran' well. 'He could not remember the'name of the race Torrent had won nor the other stock that had won racee,l but!other people could,ho thought. She was 18 or 20 years old. He had known the accused for some time. Accused had never worked for him, but accused's brother had done so. Accused had only been at his place twice. Accused did not say that he had caught the mare, and that it was his intention to ask him to be allowed to ride her home, as his own horse was lame. Accused did not actually take the mare outside the pad dock, because witness interfered and would not allow him.-To the Bench: The bridle produced was not witness's. -Re-examined by Sergeant Mallany : He did not see anyone put the bridleon tihe mnare, because the night was too misty. He put no bridle on her. He saw no sign of lameness on accused's horse. Next morning, the 11th, a saddle was found at witness's gate. Re-cross-examined by Mr Commins: From the Hillside station the road past witncess's place was the aecused's way home. S homes Donohoo deposed that lie was a laborer, residing at Hillside. On the evening of the 10th inst. he was at the Travellers' Rest Hotel. The accused was there. Witness left the hotel at about nine o'clock, leaving the accused there, and went to Mr Williamson's place. Air Williamson was in bed when witness reached there. Mr Williemson got up and witness accompanied him to the paddock. They were outside the paddock at first, but went inside and planted themselves.. Afterwards thlcey left that spot and went to another part of the paddock and got under a dray. Ht saw the accused come riding down, and afterwards enter thie paddock ca foot; then the accused caugiht thie mare and let iher go aned wdlked dowen tihe road to where his horse was. Accused came back ri ling Ir hIorse. Tile next time witness saw him,, shlortly after wards, hIe was ic thie paddock on foot. Yitnesso again saw him catch thie mare, s~d lead hier to thie fence, wheor e at tltempted to pull down scme of thie panels. Tl'hen thie aCecusCd came towardls the house ald the dlog started barking at him,. Accused tihec came back towards lice got ncd Mr Williamsu ano d wit. 'ceso ruelced out. 4s eoo05 as they rushed out the accused let go of the mare. There was a bridle on her. Ac. cased went to run away, and Mr Wil liamson called upon him to stand. Ac cused attempted to go away a second time, when Mr MWilliamson said " Stand, or by ghost I'll shoot you." Accused theow up his hands, and stood, and said ." For God's sake, Dick, have mercy on me." Crinnan came up to Mr Wil liamson's assistance and witoess went for the police. Cross-examined by Mr Commino, witness said before the as. cused spoke AMr Williamson pointed a gun at him and threntened to shoot him. Thomas Crinnan deposed that lhe was a laborer in the employ of Mr WVilliams son. He remembered the night of the 10th inst. M1r Williamson that night came to him and asked him to get up. He got up and went to where Donohoo and Williamson were in Hoyt's pad. dock, opposite Williamson's paddock. After being there for a short time they left Hoyt's paddock and went into Wil liamson's paddock. Near the house there was a waggon, and Williamson and Donohoe got under it and witness returned to his hut, and remained there until Mr Williamson call out " Tom, come out." He came out and saw Wil liamson, Donolhoo and the accused to gether. Mr Williamson asked witness to catch the more, and he did so. The bridle produced was on the mare. Mr Williamson charged the accused with stealing the mare, stating that he had been watching him for hours. Accused said he had come for a drink. Mr Williamson said he had seen the accused feeling the panels of the fence, and the accused said he wouldn't do Mir Wil liamson any harm. Donohuo was then sent off by Mr Williamson for Constable Halliday, and Mr Williamson told the accused lie would have to wait till the constable came.-Cross-examined by Mr Commins, witness said he did not remember the accused saying that he only wanted the mare to ride home. Accused and Mr Williamson were talk ing to each other till the constable arrived, and witness could not remember all that passed between them. Peter Scott deposed that he was the licensee of the Travellers' Rest Hotel at Hillside. The accused was at the hotel on the oevening of the 10th inst ; so also were Donohue and a man named Cowell. The accused left between half.past 11 and 12 o'clock. The horse accused was riding was a grey one, and appeared to be all right. In consequence of what he heard that evening he sent Donohuo to AMr Williamson's place. The accused, before the opening of the court, asked him to say nothing about him being at the hotel, but that if he did say that, to say that he was not very drunk, and that his horse was lame. Witness, in reply, said lhe would be called as a wit ness and neither made answer one way or the other to the accused. It was outside the courthouse tie accused spoke to him. The saddle produced he be.?' lieved to be the aecused's. Constable Halliday deposed that he arrested the accused on the information of Mr Williamson. Mr Williamson said he caught the accused leading his mare round the paddock and trying the panels to take her out-that he further saw the accused taking the mare towards the house, when the dog barked, and that the accused returned and then went towards the gate; that it was then that the accused was called upon to stop or be shot: Accused made no reply. Wit ness then arrested the accused. Before being arrested the accused said he came to the waterhole to get a drink. This closed the case for tie prose. cution. Mr Commins, for the defence, said thec ase had been greatly exageorated. The value of the mare did not affect the question, but as a matter of fact she had been sold to Williamson twelve months ago for £9, and was now 20 years old. She was a mare that was well-known, and it would be absurd to suppose that the accused had any inten. tion of stealing her. If that had been his intention he had not been permitted to carry it out, because the prosecutor interfered and prevented him. The more reasonable view to take would be to suppose that all that the accused in. tended to do was to rids her across the river to take him home. There was no felonious intent whatever. The charge was not of stealing, but of taking away and working the mare. An offence was doubtless intended, but the accused had been interfered with. The section made it punishable for anyone " who shall take, use or work cattle," and horses were included, but no evridence had been produced that the accused took tile mare. On the contrary, the prosecutor said he prevented him from doing so. There was evidence only of an intention on tile part of the accused to commit an offence. Were the accused committed for trial, he could not say with absolute certainty, but he thought the probabi lities would be, that the Crown would say there was no case against him. Had the prosecutor waited five minutes longer 'probably there might have beau evidence forthcoming in support of the chargo. But at present there was nothing to support a charge of larceny, neoither was there any evidence to secure a conviction under tile 7.tth section, be cause the accuased never took the mare. The utmost that had been proved against the accused, the only charge that could he sustained by the evidence, would be a civil proceeding for trespass. The P.M. said he consi'dered it an impudent, a barefaced attempt to com mit a felony. The accused, of course, could be dealt with summarily, but he was of opinion that the coase hould be sent to a hligher court, awhelre, were he found guilty, a ,tore adequato punish nent would be inflicted than in tlhe patty sessions court. ULTndler the Crimes Act Ipower was given to lay a chalrge against all accused poerson by the bench, if tile eridence elicited onrranted that atop to be taken, so as to here such a case hearld Iy the criminal court. Tie belnch committed tie nccused to be tried at th siting of te t l Supreme Cnourt, to be eIld at Sale os the t01lh inst., on thle chlargeo of laretey. Mr Cetmmtins askedl if thle benchl, as usual, awoul nsot make the hal prohibi tire. Tile ceused was a person whomo tle police coull easily keep their eyes Sergeant Mnullany nsaid it was nriltoe thle reverle-tihat the naccused was a pereon whoseo tlovOnelllte were at all tiesa most diflicult to, weeile. Bail weas allowed it oue surety of £100, or two of .£0 eall, aned accoield in a like amount. Mr P. Ryan became surety for the reensed. The witnesses were bound over to nppear at Sale on the 20th inst. 