THE PREMIER'S MANIFESTO. THE OPINIONS OF LEADING POLITICIANS. (FROM THE “ STANDARD.’’) A representative of the Herald interviewed several leading political men yesterday with regard to the Ministerial manifesto. He says:— Upon being pressed Mr Deakin said there was really no reason why be should not say what bis ideas were on one or two points. In the first place, the colony had had an octopus Railway Bill; now it was threatened with an octopus scheme of taxation. “The scheme of taxation—the octopus scheme of taxation—which is now proposed by Mr Shiels is most decidedly not the scientific system which that gentleman pro mised ns,” proceeded the member for “good old E»sendon.” “Itis a system which must get at a certain class of the community in a doz"n different ways, and is certainly calculated to result in vexations. Take the commercial man, for instance. He is to be taxed through the railways and through the Post-office. If he is a beer drinker he is.taxed again, and if he has a family of tea drinkers—another tax. Then he is the provider of meat for his family, and is taxed again. His income is taxed, aod in other ways the taxation is going to bo elaborate and expensive. He is wrong when he says that eight and a quarter of the male population have to bear the burden of the public servant, for he had no right whatever to include either the railway or post-office officials in this calculation. More thau half of the employe l , in his calculation, are not civil servants in the re and meaning of the term, and they are not drones. The railways, for instance, are a trading concern, and where revenue is being raised it is not the.fair thing to treat the de partment in any other way than would be the case with a private trading company. Mr Shiels' speech and his policy are just 18 months after date.. He now recognises what the ,Mh»ro Government got into office to per form. The railways and the finances were to he reformed. Proposals for the reform of the former are only being made now. They ought to have been made 18 months ago, and it was then that the retrenchment only now proposed should have been entered npon.” Mr J. B. Patterson is about to proceed to Gastlemaine for the purpose of addressing bis constituents, and only cares to remark, with characteristic terseness, that there is one point in Mr Shiels’ speech which pleased him mightily, and that was the fact that the Premier had practically abandoned the “ one mau one vote ” plank of his platform. “It is a gratifying feature of the speech,” pur sued Mr J. 8., “ to find that the Premier baa been heeding the (voice of public opinion in its opposition to the tactics of the Trades’ Hall party. I reckon that no one will object —at least no representative person will object—to the action of . the Premier in placing the franchise question one for con sideration three years hence.” . Outside of the Stock Exchange a hearty laugh betrayed the presence of Mr G. D. Carter, who had a well-known city man “bailed up” on the kerbstone, while the jovial member for. Melbourne poured into willing ears some of his latest conundrums and puns. Finally a crumble of comfort escaped him, . and Mr Carter remarked, “ There is one remarkable point about the speech. It is most remarkable for its omissions. I really do think Mr Shiels might bare given some reason for Mr Munro going to England, but he didn’t. He might have given some reason tor the suspension nf the Railway Commissioners at this period, but he didn’t. He certainly spoke a lot about them, but there were just the same reasons in December as there were last week for the action, and if they deserved suspen sion, Mr Shiels should have suspended them then—hoc he didn’t.” There was one opinion of importance ex pressed in several quarters this morning, and that was that had the policy announced on Saturday night been the policy of the Government a couple of months ago, there would have been no need for the Council members of the Government to retire. They split on the “ one man on vote ” question and Mr Shiels has dropped that apparently for years, and his action in that respect is caus ing considerable comment. \- As to the return to the twopenny letter rate, Mr Patterson was moat explicit, “ You he said, with marked emphasis, “ put back the clock.;- The.penny postage having been adopted cannot be knocked .on the head as easily, as Mr Shielsj appears to imagine. To restore the two penny rate is not feasible. In the re trenchment proposals,” said Mr Patterson, " Mr Shiels has not grasped the 'situation. He does not seem to have penetrated the muddle.. The complaint with the Public Service U that there are too many men for the work. There are two and three men doing one man’s work. . That is where the trouble lies. The service is overmanned, not overpaid. Mr Shiels is barking up the wring tree. On the evening of a general .election it is quite easy to understand the sagacity of the Premier in not wishing to lose himself a single vote. Upon the whole, apart from the fact us to whether we agree or differ, it is the brightest oratorical effort that has ever been pei formed by any Vic torian statesman. If the race for political supremacy in Victoria depended on words, not works, Mr Shiels has passed posts ahead of all his. opponents on the political race course. ” Mr Zox did not mind saying that re trenchment was necessary. There he agreed with Mr Shiels. We would have to restore confidence at home, and one way to do that was by showing that we here were ready to take our share of the burden of depression. It seemed to him that new taxation; could not well be avoided, “ but,” said Mr Zox, “if we are to have it at all, let it fall as .lightly as passible,” As to the proposal to revert to the twopenny postal rate, Mr Zox, while regarding it as a step backward, said that if it were deemed necessary he had no donbt that the people would readily submit. The time had come when concessions would have to be made all round. The feeling amongst prominent men in financial circles respecting the speech is somewhat mixed. While admitting that the state of the finances necessitates the Govern ment grasping the question of retrenchment with no uncertain hand, it is held by many that the avenues selected by the Premier for approaching the problem are not the best. .The abolition of the penny postage is de nounced as an ill-advised proposal, and one that will never be received by the general public with equanimity. Progress is wanted in the Postal Service, not retrogression, and the abolition of the present postage rate'is held to be an unwarranted step while there are so many other roads by which the Go vernment could balance the bonks of the State. The one man one vote question has, as was to be expected, raised a storm of con tending voices and opinions, and it is diffi cult to determine which party is in the majority, those in favor of the movement or those who oppose it. The latter section claim that Mr Shiels’ speech bears a decided Trades’ Hall tinge, and that the references to the “ One mau one vote" question will prove unpalatable to those in England who are interested in the colony. While admitting that the expressed determination of Hie Government respecting thelsipnaitinn of duties and drastic economy in the Public Service, will cause the English money-lender to view the colonies with renewed confi dence, many responsible men hold that the efforts of the Premier to show that the “ one man one vote" question has been the legacy of successive Governments, and not urged upon his Ministry by the Trades’ Hall, will have a disquieting effect, which at the present juncture may prove rather 'detrimental to the interests of the colonies as a whole. The proposals respect ing the reductions in the railway service by lessening the train mileage and increasing fares and freights are applauded as sound economy, and the promised bill to provide for the settlement of laborers on homestead blocks is bailed as a feasible plan, whereby the unemployed ghost may be laid. An in come tax is regarded with some distrust; but ss the details of the proposal have yet to be announced, it is difficnlt to ascertain the | feeling respecting, this matter. | 