A BURIED SIN. 'Here is a rare chance for a lark.' 'Neither of us answers to that designation, my lord.' 'Oh, bother; do not interrupt. Dykes tells me—' The gamekeeper touches his hat by way of notifying that he is Dykes. 'Dykes tells me that he has information of a grand poaching raid upon the rabbit war- rens to take place to-night. Any quantity of snares are set, and as the scamps anticipate these will have been observed they have re- solved to come in a gang large enough to overpower the mild resistance they expect.' 'Then I would strongly recommend Messrs. Dykes and Co. to keep prudently out of the way,' drawls St. John, languidly. 'Bosh! Darrell. Your eyes glisten in spite of assumed nonchalance at the thought of the glorious fun we may have, and I do not doubt but your pulse beats thirty per cent. more quickly.' ' Hark to him, describing his own sen- sations and fathering them upon me.' 'But you will come too, will you not? Such a jolly shindy there will be.' ' In which case I may have my head broken, or my weight increased by a charge of number five shot as a set off against the delights of acting as amateur gamekeeper and assistant thief-taker. No, thank you.' 'Mr. Howard, you will join me ? 'What do you propose?' ' To go with Dykes and the other keepers upon their rounds.' 'We shall lie up, my lord.'. ' To lie up; then, which means I suppose, to place ourselves in ambuscade until the poachers are at work, then pounce upon them, tie their hands behind their backs, and lock them up in a safe place till they can be more comfortably lodged in gaol.' ' At what hour of the night is this pretty programme to be carried out ?' Lord Ferrars looks at the gamekeeper. ' In the small hours of the morning, sir. The moon rises about one o'clock, and the snares will be visited between that time and sun rising.' 'Your plan involves sitting up all night it seems, Lord Ferrars. 'Like Mr. Darrell, I must beg to be excused.' 'Then I am surprised, disappointed, and disgusted with both of you. Look here, Mr. Dikes.' 'Yes, my lord.' 'At one o'clock sharp I will be at your cottage. Will that do ?' 'Half past one 'll be time enough, my lord. 'So be it. Thank you for telling me.' The gamekeeper touches his hat, whistles to his dogs, and departs to mature his plans in council with subordinates. Lord Ferrars becomes a bore with a fixed idea. He dilates upon the adventure the night is to bring forth until Mostyn retreats to his own rooms, and St. John anathematises the offender in language made up of the strongest invectives the English language offers, rendered irresistibly absurd by the ex- treme placidity of tone and manner with which they are delivered. But his lordship is still full of the subject, and for want of a better auditor he finds Lady Clare and proceeds, albeit with some misgivings, to enlighten her as to his an- ticipations. 'Clare,' he says, mysteriously, 'can you keep a secret ?' The graceful head nods in pleased ac- quiescence. 'Try me.' 'You promise not to divulge a word to any living soul ?' ' A promise is a solemn thing,' she laughs. 'I am more dubious about my ability to keep such a one than I would allow anyone else to appear.' 'Until to-morrow, then ?' 'Yes, I think I may venture so much. Is anyone else in the secret ?' 'Both Darrell and Howard.' Her face clouds; ' It is no mystery, then ?'' ' But indeed it is. I would not have a word breathed to any other person in this house 'for heaps of money.' Very well. I promise not to breathe that word.' 'Faithfully?' 'Yes, faithfully.' The conversation is being held in the music- room, of which they are the sole occu- pants. Lord-Ferrars walks to the door and closes it with an air of mystery. His sister, who has been idly murdering a very easy piece of music at one of Erard's grand pianos, gives the music- stool an im- pulsive twist, makes a more rapid revolution than she had intended, and saves herself from falling by bringing down both hands upon the keys with a hideous crash. 'For goodness sake do not make that wretched row. She jumps up, slips one of the offending hands into his arm, and draws him to an ottoman.. 'There. Sit down, dear boy, and let me smooth the wrinkles out of this puckered forehead whilst you disburden yourself of this terrible secret. 'Listen, then. Dykes, the gamekeeper, has got wind of a great poaching raid to be made to-night.' The tiny fingers which have been playing with his hair, are suddenly still. 'We intend to muster all our force, lie in wait for the scamps, overpower them, and send the whole gang to prison.' "We—Ferrars?' 'Yes, I shall make one. I tried to get Darrell and Howard to join, but they would not.' The lad's eyes sparkle with excitement, in those of his sister there lurks a strange terror and her face is very pale. 'Oh! Ferrars', give up this mad scheme.' 'Give it up? Why, Clare, you must be crazy. I would not miss the sport for the world.' 'Abandon it for my sake, dear. ' 'Rubbish ! Why?' 'They will kill you.' Lord Ferrars laughs carelessly. He springs to his feet and stands before her, a model of manly strength and symmetry. 'Look here, sister mine, am I less than a match for any average poacher ? Feel my biceps. Tell me a man who might do me mischief in a hand-to-hand struggle.' Her beautiful eyes, with the abject terror in them, meet his own and inspire the con- viction this is no ordinary indefinite fear. 'Reuben Holt,' she says. 'Reuben Holt.' 'Her brother's face flushes with angry sur- prise. 'What do you know about Reuben Holt, Clare ? ' He is one of the gang, is he not ?' 'Yes, the very man I particularly desire to take.' ' And, Ferrars, he has sworn to have your life.' 'Idle tales, dear.' 'Ferrars, they are not idle tales. That man has vowed a deadly revenge upon you for supplanting him in the affections of the pretty servant who was transferred to Lady Jocelyn.' A good honest blush overspreads the young nobleman's face. ' Clare, I swear to you that beyond taking a kiss from the fellow's sweetheart I have not wronged him or her in any way. As to sup- planting him in her affections, I believe she cares more for him at this instant than ever she did before,' 'But, dear, he does not know this, and he is half dead with reckless hatred of you. Oh, for my sake, give up this dangerous midnight adventure. I tremble to think of what might happen if you come face to face.' 'You need not turn on the water-works,' says her brother, angrily. 'I hate crying women. If you sob your pretty eyes out, I will not lose the chance of punishing this country bumpkin as his impertinence deserves.' With which fraternal speech Lord Ferrars leaves the apartment in such haste he nearly upsets St. John Darrell, who is about to enter. 'Hallo, fair coz. In tears?' Oh ! St. John, Ferrars has been telling me of the plot to entrap the poachers to-night.' 'A most indiscreet disclosure.' 'And I am sure he will be killed, for one of the gang has a particular spite against him.' ' Then I pity that individual,' rejoins St. John. 'In the event of a tussle, I would not give much for his chance against your brother.' ' But he may shoot him.' It will be too dark to aim. Do not be a goose, Clare. Ferrars is quite able to take care of himself.' 'I should feel more content if you were going also, to look after him.' 'I appreciate the compliment,' says Darrell, mockingly, 'but to give up a night's rest, and lie out for hours in a damp ditch, waiting for poachers who may never come, were too heavy a price to pay for it. Where is Miss Carew?' 'She said she should practise for an hour upon the organ at the church, and as I have not seen her since luncheon I imagine she has gone thither.' St. John's imagination flies to the pretty little toy church the village boasts, and to a certain roundabout route home, through solemn woods. 'Did she walk or ride, do you think ?' ' She said she should walk, as a nice breeze is stirring.' 'Then I will stroll down to meet her.' Lady Clare is left alone, to face as best she may her own gloomy forebodings. She is not given to encourage the tittle- tattle of servants, but she has nevertheless been an interested listener, at various times, to all her maid could report of Reuben Holt's wild threats against his aristocratic rival; threats which lost nothing by having passed from mouth to mouth a dozen times at least before they reached her. Recalling these threats, her vivid fancy pourtrays their execution. She sees her brother engaged in deadly strife; the swaying to and fro of the com- batants' interlocked forms, the gleam of flash- ing steel. She sees a livid face, upturned in the un- certain light, motionless, ice-cold. She goes again to the piano and struggles to shake off the mood that is upon her. In vain. Her fingers refuse to execute the gay dance music; they evoke only path- etic chords and plaintive minors. She tries to devise some scheme which may hinder her brother from carrying out his project, but rejects as hopeless all that occur to her. She tries to take the careless view of the matter which both Ferrars and St. John Darrell have adopted. But she has a conviction, so strong it seems almost prophetic, that so surely as her brother and his humble enemy meet in the excitement of a midnight fray, a life will be at stake. She cannot appeal to the earl, for her word is pledged, and 'Noblesse oblige.' With all her faults the girl has a keen sense of honour. There remains but one man to whom she may apply in this emergency. But that man is her enemy—Mostyn Howard. All the barbed arrows of feminine malice to be found in her quiver she has remorse- lessly discharged at him. Some have glanced off from that armour of cool, proud self-pos- session and disdain in which he ever encases himself. Some she knows have passed be- tween the joint and have wounded him cruelly. And of this, her enemy, she now desires a favour, that for a whole night he will subject himself to discomfort and danger, in order to watch over her brother's safety and quiet her own apprehensions. ' Would the latter result be attained ? Yes, indeed. At this moment of indeci- sion, whilst her cheeks are suffused with shame, whilst she struggles sorely with re- bellious pride, she does her enemy this tardy justice. She knows that were Mostyn Howard's word once pledged to shield Ferrars from danger, she would not fear, were half a dozen Reuben Holts, instead of one, to vow his destruction. Still irresolute, she throws open the French window and steps into the garden, sauntering idly by the trimly kept beds until she reaches the fish-pond. Burying her face in her hands, she stretches herself in a reclining position upon the parapet, as she had often been wont to do in childish days. She reviews her acquaintance with the tutor. First, he rescued her from the onset of a bull; saved her life, possibly. Then they dropped, in a few brief minutes, into a tone of confidential intimacy which could only be warranted by an intercourse of many months. Then she discovered his identity. Until that discovery she had not dreamed but they were equal in station. Her experiences of the opposite sex had been confined almost exclusively to her father, brother, St. John Darrell, and obse- quious tutors, and the farmers and labourers upon the estate. That a man of low birth might be, not- withstanding, a gentleman was a truth which had never occurred to her. In her narrow, girlish prejudices, she was ill prepared to re- ceive it. She had been inclined to resent the advent of her brother's new tutor, and actively to assist hostilities. It was a shock to find she had been be- trayed into a different line of action, a shock followed by the resolve to abandon it. The quiet scorn with which Mostyn ac- cepted the situation piqued and mortified her. A child still, she sought a childish re- venge—to make his life unbearable, and drive him from Freston Castle. It is bitter to acknowledge that hitherto every attempt has been thwarted, bitter to yield silent, unwilling admiration to the calm courage and quiet determination of her ad- versary. But more bitter by far is the pill of pride which sisterly fears urge her to swallow. Bitter, indeed, to approach him, whom she has persistently flouted and outraged, with a humble petition for help. And yet it must be done, or Ferrars will be left to encounter alone the man, mad- dened by love and [jealousy], who has sworn to exact a deadly revenge. 'Lady Clara ?' says a voice, A voice grave, tender, pitiful. She looks up. Mostyn Howard stands by her side. 'Pardon me,' he begs, with proud humility. ' I do not desire to thrust myself, unasked, into anyone's confidence, least of all into yours, but your attitude was so expressive of dejection I could not choose but speak.' How the haughty spirit longs to answer him with a taunt. How the girl's eyes blaze, questioning his right to intrude upon her solitude. Yet for Ferrars's sake, she must curb her tongue. It is indeed bitter to feel she must conciliate her enemy, but she ad- dresses herself to the task with the dignity of a defeated queen. 'I am in trouble, Mr. Howard.' He bows. That she should confess so much to him is a surprise. He will not risk a rebuff by asking the nature of her grief. 'Ferrars has made me the confident of his plans for to-night. One of the poachers is a man who is enraged because my brother offered careless attentions to his sweetheart. There is a quarrel between the lovers, and the poacher has even threatened Ferrars's life. Oh, Mr. Howard, what an opportunity this affray will be!' She clasps her hands in agitation. She almost forgets for the moment that she speaks to one she ever treated as an enemy. 'If you would be there to watch over his safety, or even Mr. Darrell—' 'Even—' The hot blood courses tumultuously through Mostyn's veins. The slip of the tongue implying respect of which he did not dream, is very sweet. ' I will accompany your brother, Lady Clare, if by doing so I can in the least degree relieve your anxiety.' The end is achieved; a word will secure the protection she so ardently desires, and with the thought comes the remembrance of her own humiliation in speaking it. Her tell-tale face betrays the struggle, and Mostyn reads it as he might an open book. ' Lady Clare,' he says, 'forget that I sur- prised you, impertinently perhaps, in a mo- ment of trouble and of weakness. Forget that I discovered a wish you would have hidden from one you consider worthy of your dislike. We will be foes still. For a caprice, I declined to accompany my pupil to a scene of which I did not know the danger; for a caprice, I retract the refusal. If my watch- fulness can avert his peril, rest assured no harm shall befall him.' Before she can reply he is gone, and Lady Clare, feeling unutterably relieved, and try- ing to analyse her sensations, fails ignomini- ously. CHAPTER XVII. 'I will stroll down and meet her,' said St. John Darrell, in those quiet, clearcut tones of his, which imply the last ex- tremity of boredom and of listless in- difference, and as he spoke the heart of the fashionable cynic leaped like that of a schoolmiss of sixteen, breaking bounds to blow airy kisses to the cadaverous youth who is the object of her first passion. He lights a cigar, and saunters, with hands in pockets, towards the stables. It is a direction diametrically opposite to that in which lies the toy church, and he will have to make a considerable detour to get into the right path. On the other hand, if Mrs. Carew be watching from an upper window, which is not improbable, she will not identify his movements with Blanche's whereabouts, nor take measures to provide additional and undesired escort. There is a huge mastiff chained in a corner of the yard, a savage brute, who pulls and strains to reach the intruder, and whose blazing eyes and threatening display of canine ivory sufficiently indicate the purport of his amiable efforts. 'Poor beggar. He never gets a run and a roll in the green grass,' comments the cynic compassionately. 'For God's sake, sir, take care!' cries a groom, running up in alarm, as Sir John's languid advance carries him within the length of the animal's chain. But the brute's mood has changed with extraordinary abruptness. He is fawning upon his enemy whilst the latter's fingers disengage his collar. 'I thought he'd have pulled you down, sir. 'Twouldn't have been the first time,' says the groom. Dogs never bite me,' answers the gentle- man calmly, lounging away, with the mastiff at heel, and the groom, beneath his breath, 'dangs his buttons if that Muster Darrell bean't as cool a hand as ever I see.' The ' cool hand's' saunter changes to a brisker pace when a dip in the ground screens him from observation. He carries on a brisk though one- sided conversation with his new friend. As merry as a boy escaped from school is the blasé man of the world this bright summer morning, and all because of a prospect that in the return ramble in those solemn woods on which he is entering Blanche Carew may be walking by his side. His head is held erect, his eyes watch the birds flitting amongst the green boughs, and the blue sky visible beyond. He does not perceive a woman in the black garb and white-lined head-gear of a Protestant sister- hood seated upon a campstool under a tree upon his right. The mastiff sees her, and shows his white teeth menacingly. The woman, looking after the pedestrian with a start of recognition, picks up her campstool and follows. Through the beautiful green woods, in joyous mood, feeling almost as he was wont to feel years and years ago ere he drained the cup of pleasure to the dregs, and found them exceedingly bitter, goes St. John Darrell. After him creeps the black-robed figure like the memory of a sin. He reaches the little church, and the throbbing of the organ tells him that she whom he seeks is still playing. In the whitewashed porch are long benches of stone, and as he sits down upon one of them the mastiff curls himself up contentedly at his feet. Once the dog growls uneasily, and a touch of Darrell's foot admonishes him to silence. It is when a black and shapeless mass shows itself for an instant amongst the graves. The peacefulness of the scene impresses strangely the world-weary man who regards it. Without, the green meadows in which sheep and cattle graze, the blue sky, the bright sunshine, the long line of the woods. Here, in the porch, coolness and shade. Within, a dim religious light; a view through the open door of a marble font and of bur- nished brasses whose inscriptions record the deeds of Darrells dead and gone. He won- ders how long ere he too shall sleep with his fathers, and whether anyone will care enough to raise a tablet of brass or marble to his memory. It is a wailing Miserere that Blanche is playing, and his mood changes as he listens. The sadness, the pathos, the continual struggle, the hopelessness of it, move his whole nature in sympathy. When the music ceases and Blanche Carew comes along the aisle and looks shyly into the face of the watcher she sees it for the first time without its mask of indolent, care- nothing cynicism. 'Clare told me you had come to play, and I strolled hither to listen and to escort you home,' he explains. ' It was good of you,' answers Blanche, gratefully. 'Very,' assents St. John Darrell, and his mournful eyes smile down into hers. ' Mrs Carew would say so without doubt.' ' Mamma has strong prejudices, and per- haps she thinks badly—you cannot be ignorant, Mr. Darrell, that society says hard things of you.' 'I am not ignorant. Will you tell me your opinion, Miss Carew ?' She steals a glance at him, and sees that the dark, worn face is very grave and earnest. ' Do you really care to know ?' she asks, almost in surprise. And then she is silent, needing no reply, his eyes have said so much. They go quietly on for a while and neither speaks, for the stillness is more eloquent than words. They listen to the song of a lark in mid-heaven, and they look at the green earth, the blue sky, the nearing woods. They do not see that far behind creeps ever a sombre, black-robed figure dogging them like the memory of a sin. 'Tell me,' whispers Darrell, at length, and in that whisper, so different from his usual clear-cut accent, she detects apprehensive emotion which moves her to an impulsive rejoinder. 'I think you are simply the best man I ever knew.' 'Thank God,' he murmurs, and at that holy name St. John Darrell, scoffer and agnostic though he be, bares and bows his head reverently. ' Do you believe in Him ?' says Blanche, softly. They have gained the green woods, and they are treading together a mossy pathway so narrow that the touch of her shoulder against his sleeve thrills him as they walk. Darrell looks around him ere he answers at the gnarled trunks and the spreading boughs, and a little silvery serpent of a brook which writhes in and out for a few yards and dis- appears. 'I cannot disbelieve, seeing His handi- work, though I doubt all beside.' 'Will you tell me your doubts ?' In her earnestness she touches his sleeve lightly with her gloved hand. They stop there in the mossy path, and with three words he answers her. 'I dare not.' ' Your doubts could not shake my faith,' she urges. ' I dare not risk it,' he repeats. 'You must let me alone, to fight my way single- handed towards the TRUTH. It will help me to know that the one person in the world for whose good opinion I care thinks well of me.' Looking into his dark, unhappy face, she sees that his words are sincere. The zeal of proselytism comes upon her—all personal feeling is swept aside for an instant, and Blanche Carew speaks out, without hesita- tation. 'As for the calumnies of society, they are no more to me than the sighing of the wind. I am only a simple girl, Mr. Darrell, and what your life may be I cannot tell. But this I am sure, it contains no meanness, no littlenesses, no small acts of unworthiness. It is not a happy life, I fear; it may be haunted by the ghosts of dead follies and buried sins, but I will never believe it con- tains aught at the remembrance of which you have reason to bow your head in shame.' The dark countenance hardens visibly as she speaks, the mask of mocking cynicism settles hastily upon it; into the mournful eyes, looking straight over her shoulder, as though fixed upon an object amongst the bushes, comes something at sight of which the girl begins to tremble. There is a sound as of the snapping of a twig, the huge mastiff bounds by her side like a lightning flash, and, with one deep growl, commences to worry some creature at present unseen. It is not a moment of time, or the twen- tieth part of a moment, ere St. John Darrell springs after him and seizes the dog by the throat to choke him off. Not the twentieth part of a second, and yet Blanche Carew knows intuitively that he hesitated. Why he hesitated is a subject for after reflection. They are all rolling on the ground together—: the man, the dog, and a figure in the hideous garb of a sister of mercy. Then the mass separates; the dog, still growling fiercely, is beaten off a few paces. St. John Darrell is helping the woman to rise. In spite of her disfiguring apparel, she is handsome. Her hood has fallen back, revealing a brow over which the soft brown hair, cut short, lies in a low straight fringe. Her eyes are good, her complexion is brilliant, her nose is straight and narrow, her mouth is not unduly large. But in the red lips and square chin a physiognomist would trace sensuality, combined with obstinacy. 'Who is she? Is she hurt?' cried Blanche, anxiously. ' I am not greatly hurt, madame, and I am Mrs. St. John Darrell, your lover's wife !' CHAPTER XVIII, There are announcements which stun us mentally, paralysing thought, and leaving us conscious of no sensation save that of stupid wonder. Such a one was the speech of the rescued sister of mercy. 'I am not greatly hurt, madam, and I am Mrs. St. John Darrell, your lover's wife.' The scene would be a grand one for a painter's study, so varied are the expressions of the actors in it. The woman with the handsome, sensual face, which accords so ill with the garb she has assumed, hardly feels the physical pain caused by the dog's bite, for the malignant satisfaction with which she deals a crushing blow to one she considers her rival. The fair girl with the blue eyes and the golden hair is at present conscious only of bewildered amazement. Darrell's swarthy countenance has turned white with haughty anger firmly controlled. ' Miss Carew,' he says calmly, 'I offered you my escort, but I did not bargain for this mad woman's advent. If you will accept my excuses I will follow you very shortly.' 'Mad woman!' cries she who claims to be his wife, but a stern gesture silences her. 'Another word,' he says, 'and the dog shall be at your throat. Do you think I saved your life just now in order that your vile thoughts may be poured into her pure ears ? Miss Carew, will you leave us ? It is not meet that you should remain in the presence of such a creature as this.' The woman's comely face blazes with fury, her red lips part, but no sound comes from them. The man's repressed passion is the stronger of the two. Stinging as are his words, the quiet contemptuousness of them holds her in check. There is silence between husband and wife until Blanche Carew's slender figure disappears amongst the trees and her light footfall dies away. 'Now you may explain,' says Darrell, sternly. 'To begin with, why are you masque- rading here ?' 'I wanted money,' is the sullen rejoinder. 'What is that to me ?' The woman hesitates and is silent. She is angry still, but her wrathfulness is as that of subsiding waves after a storm, whilst his confronts her like the black, unyielding granite against which they may beat for ever, but make no impression. 'Your last monthly allowance was paid, your next is not yet due. Is it not enough that I have almost beggared myself to secure to you a handsome income ? Must I be periodically vexed because your extrava- gance squanders it too swiftly ? Even ad- mitting the excuse of your presence here, how about the breach of that contract for keeping which such money is paid you ?' 'The sight of her maddened me. I was jealous.' ' Jealous!' repeats Darrell, with a soft, low laugh of scorn which irritates her almost be- yond endurance. ' You were jealous ?' 'I am your wedded wife,' says the woman, with growing excitement. 'It is true that when you, like scores of other stage-struck youths, fell in love with me, I concealed the indiscretions of my previous career and played for your edification the role of an ingenue of immaculate virtue. Otherwise you would never have married—' She leaves the sentence unfinished in the violence of her emotion. He completes it for her mockingly. 'A THING so vile. Pray continue, if any object can be served by chafing the old sore.' 'I was playing for a big stake, St. John Darrell, and I won it. I had no great affection for the honest, chivalrous boy I had ensnared, but I resolved to be faithful to him. I was faithful to him until he found out how much he had lost, and then cast me off.' 'I wonder the honest, chivalrous boy did not kill you,' murmurs her companion, musingly. 'You did worse than that,' cries the woman, wildly. 'You taught me the depth of my own degradation. You put me away at once and for ever, as though my touch were contamination. Even the handsome provision you made for my wants sank me lower in sin, because of the condition with which it was hampered.' 'Two conditions,' corrects Darrell. 'One you have broken periodically, forcing yourself into my presence on the plea of wanting money. One you have kept, I believe, until to-day, when, in defiance of our covenant, you published a secret I have sac- rificed much to hide, and openly proclaimed yourself my wife. I could have pardoned the first offence as I have done so many similar ones, but the second demands swift and final punishment.' ' How can you punish me ?' ' By cancelling your allowance and institut- ing proceedings for a divorce. Hitherto I have been anxious to hide my shame—loth to drag my ancient name in the mire—un- duly sensitive about exposing my folly to the gibes and sneers of the world. The fetters might gall me, but they were worn in secret. After this morning's exposure they will be no longer bearable. I shall break them, and that swiftly. ' You want to marry the golden-haired girl,' she cries, angrily. 'Do not dare to speak of her,' is the stern response. 'Even if I loved her as I never loved woman yet—even if I were free to-morrow to seek her for my wife—I could not venture to ask that she would link her sweet, pure life to such a one as mine. 'Then you will forgive me this once,' urges the woman, humbly. 'There can be no question of forgiveness,' is the scornful rejoinder. 'We are discuss- ing a simple business contract. You have broken its conditions. I shall exact the penalty.' With a wail of dismay and fear she looks into his pitiless, unyielding face, but it shows no sign of relenting. With another low cry she sinks upon the mossy sward at his feet and tries to embrace his knees, but he draws back a step and lets her grovel there, wring- ing her hands in agony. ' It is not badly done. You have not for- gotten the old stage tricks, but they are very, very stale to me.' The incisive contempt of his clear, calm voice seems to pierce her like a knife. Slowly the woman rises. She draws her breath in quick gasps, she presses her left hand to her side as though she were stricken to the heart. 'St. John Darrell, may I make one brief statement, imploring you to believe it, swear ing, not by my hopes of Heaven, for I have none, but by the little I prize and hold dear upon earth, that it is God's truth ?' 'Say on,' he answers, carelessly, fumbling in his pocket for a cigar. 'I love you.' His soft, low laugh of incredulity, so musical, yet so hard, and the click of his cigar case, answers her. ' I love you,' she repeats, passionately. 'You complain that I have broken faith, forcing myself into your presence, on a plea of wanting money. It was not money that I craved, but a kind word, and your utter disdain roused, the fiend within me and drove me deeper into sin. But in the low- est depths I loved you still.' 'Pshaw?' ejaculates Darrell. ' Listen to me,' she urges, imploringly. ' It was a thing of slow growth, this love of mine, it fed as a spaniel feeds, when the master's foot spurns it. It fed upon your taunts, your sarcasms, your scorn. It has grown and grown until it has made me a demon— until it might make me a saint.' Her bosom heaves, her voice falters, her face is deadly pale, and under the influence of extreme emotion its whole character has changed for the better. He cannot but ad- mit to himself that this is no acting, and he contemplates the spectacle with feeble interest. But as she searches his dark, im- passive countenance she finds no more com- passion there than as though the features were carved in stone. ' Have pity upon me, St. John Darrell. Cast a kind word to me, now and again, as you would throw a starving dog a bone, and for the sake of them I will renounce every vile habit and every evil association. Give to me—the wife you have put away—the merest fragments of your life; once a week or so, the touch of your hand upon my hair, the breath of your lips upon my cheek, and I will be your slave. It was to say this I followed you here, but jealousy got the better of me for one moment and made me mad. It shall not occur again; I will lie to all the world, and tortures shall not drag from me the secret I told to-day. Only forgive me, and grant me one grain of pity, for all my wealth of love.' Impossible,' he answers, sadly, and his voice is fixed and solemn as the tolling of a knell. Then she bursts into sobs and tears and hysterical weeping. 'You are cruel to me, cruel,' she wails. 'Cold as ice, hard as flint.' 'I am what you made me,' he says, gently. 'From the moment I discovered your treachery the poles were not wider asunder than were you and I.' She turns ber back upon him, that he may not see, and the sobs break out afresh. There is a long silence ere she speaks again. A white horror, nameless, indescribable, is settling upon her features, but of this he cannot be aware. 'I suppose your resolution to obtain a divorce was not taken to- day?' she asks, and the listless accents might have borrowed some of his own quietude. ' I have long recognised the necessity of a step I was yet unprepared to take,' he replies. 'Promise me one thing,' she cries, facing round upon, him, eagerly. 'Promise that you will not move in this matter until I have drawn my next monthly allowance.' He looks at her suspiciously, and takes a pocket-book from its hiding place. The nameless horror upon her ashen features is very conspicuous now. He thinks it is the dread of poverty. ' In any event a proper provision will be made for you. Meanwhile—' He holds out a little roll of notes, but she waves them away, impatiently. 'I do not need present help, I only ask for your promise with respect to next month's allowance.' 'I promise.' 'God bless you,' murmurs the woman. ' Good bye.' Looking neither at him nor before her, but as it were at the reflection of that white horror on her face, she begins to move away. Darrell's voice arrests her step. ' Before you go,' he says, 'I want you to understand that we are not parting in anger. I told you just now there could be no question of forgiveness between you and me; it is equally true that I cherish no resentment for the injury you may have done me this day. Long, long ago, I forgave, as I hope to be forgiven; and beside the huge wrong you once did me all minor wrongs are dwarfed to nothingness. Nothing that you do, say, or suffer, has power to stir me much. Good bye.' The woman's lips move in response, but no sound issues from them. Gazing. ever at the reflection of the horror, she drifts away. The cynic looks after her with sorrowful pity in his eyes. More than he would like to own, her passion and her despair, have touched him. Most of all, perhaps, that simple, parting benediction (from such a Magdalen) which the white lips tried, but failed, to repeat, 'God bless you, Good bye.' He watches her receding form until the trees hide it; then he whistles to his friend, the mastiff, and strolls away in an opposite direction. It would be well, he tells himself, to think out the position and mature his plans, ere he presents himself at the castle. But in point of fact he cannot concentrate his thoughts. They are aim- lessly busy with the woman he once called wife. With strong compunction he rememb- bers that the dog's teeth must have met in her arm, although he had forgotten her hurt till now. She has forgotten it likewise. Drifting, drifting away, through the green wood, along its mossy paths, hearing not the song of birds, seeing not the gambolling squirrels, and the rabbits which peep out from grassy tufts, or scud across the narrow drives, heeding not the beauty and the joyousness of this fair world, but contem- plating ever, as it were, the reflection of that nameless horror stamped upon her face. Drifting, whither ? She has left the beaten track, and with dull and patient persistence she is forcing her way through brake and brier. The thorns catch at her as though to hold her back, but she puts them aside, and presses onward, with torn dress and bleeding hands, towards the mysterious goal to which she is ad- vancing—presses onward until strength fails her, and from very weariness she sinks to the ground with a groan. The song of the birds is hushed; the rays of the setting sun glance all aslant along the bushes, and still she lies there silent and motionless. Not until the evening shadows begin to close around her does she rise from that recumbent position, her face livid and horrible, as of one risen from the dead. On, still on, into thicker underwood, into places yet more remote from the foot of man, until she reaches a willow-fringed pond. Is this her goal? It is an eerie-looking sheet of water, this pool around which the willows grow in such profusion. Its stillness has about it some thing weird and unnatural; its blackness sug- gests great depth, but the woman contem- plates it earnestly and without dismay. Only that white, nameless horror enthroned upon her livid features is yet more visible than before. The ground in the immediate neighbour- hood of the pool is rocky and uneven, and almost free from bushes. Stones are scat- tered here and there; the woman sets to work to collect them until she has accumu- lated quite a heap. In the hideous disguise she wears there is on either side an immense pocket, probably found useful by the sisterhood in missions of mercy or of mendicity. Into them she pro- ceeds to drop the accumulated stones one by one until the last has disappeared. Then she moves slowly, for the weight is great, to the verge of the pool, and contemplates it, long and earnestly, and still without dismay, once more. It is growing dark now, and the rising wind moans wearily amongst the trees. The faintest gleam of sunset red lingers yet in the sky, and the woman's white lips are murmuring something. 'When the last scrap of colour disap- pears,' she whispers. ' When all the gold— all the gold—has turned gray.' She draws a miniature from her breast and gazes at it steadfastly. It is a portrait of St. John Darrell, taken years and years ago, in his foolish chivalrous youth. As she looks, a passing emotion, sweeping over her pale, drawn features, appears to fight and struggle with that which has held possession of them so long. The struggle is a short one; the horror is the stronger of the two. Her white face becomes fixed and rigid, like that of a corpse. The last gleam of gold has faded; the sky is almost black. About that motionless figure in the hideous garb of black the shadows creep and gather like unquiet spirits of evil, and the wind moans like a dirge. The woman with the corpse-like face presses the miniature, with a passionate gesture of abandonment, to her bloodless lips. ' The time has come,' she murmurs. 'Dar- ling—God bless you. Good bye.' CHAPTER XIX. Through the solemn woods, so full of gloom and mystery, up the long avenue of stately trees, which nod and whisper to each other as though they discussed a secret of direful import, marches St. John Darrell, with dog at heel, and the dog is dead tired by reason of the distance they have come. The man is only conscious of soul- weari- ness. He feels no bodily exhaustion, although he has gone on and on with steady, plodding, aimless step, from the moment the trees hid his wife's receding form, till now, when the stars shine clear and bright in the blue- black sky. He has been thinking out the problem of his life. Why, he has been asking himself, should he free himself from the claims of this poor, frail woman who inveigled him so long ago into a union which is shameful dishonour? Why incur the exposure—the disgrace? What good end could be served by the pro- curing of a legal divorce? Would he have more love in his life? Heaven forbid. He has been well and truly adored in his time, this cynic, to whom such undesired and unrequited affection is an annoyance or a curse. A spoiled pet and darling of society, there are too many idle, pampered women who desire no better office than to ruin themselves for his sake. He can make no return for all they would wish to lavish upon him. For himself, he has loved but twice. Once in his foolish youth, with an honourable passion which bade him sacrifice everything to her who inspired it, but which died in a day, killed by the discovery that he had been deceived. Once in mature manhood, with an honour- able passion which will go with him to the grave—his love for B!anche Carew. No vain coxcomb is he, recalling past suc- cesses, and imagining that this fair young girl, so many years his junior, may, unsought, or with small effort, be won. No selfish schemer is he, plotting to shake off his tram- mels and induce her to partake his broken fortunes and bear his tarnished escutcheon. No shuffling evasion of the accusation that he wanted to marry the object of his wife's sudden jealousy, but a bitter truth, wrung from the bottom of his great, true heart, was expressed in the words—" If I were free to-morrow to seek her for my wife I could not venture to ask that she would link her sweet, pure life to such a one as mine." By slow degrees it becomes clear to him that it will be wise to overlook a breach of contract which will perhaps never be re- peated; wise to confide so much of his secret to Blanche Carew that she will re- spect and keep it; wise to take up once more the burden he has borne so long and go on bearing it to the bitter end; wise, if he values his own peace of mind, henceforward to eschew Blanche's society, and refuse the perilous pleasure of such an opportunity as occurred this afternoon to walk with her through the green woods, and learn from the child's guileless lips that she thinks better of him than he deserves. It is very dark as he gropes his way round by the stables to the mastiff's kennel, so dark that when he slips the collar about the dog's neck he has to assure himself that the fastening is secure by the sense of touch alone. It is still darker amongst the shrub- beries which approach the castle, so dark that, although a stream of light, falling from one of the windows, reveals his face for an instant, he cannot see, in the blackness be- yond it, a watcher who has stolen from a drawing-room opening on the lawn into the balmy night air to listen for his coming. Her thoughts have been all of him since he sent her away, saying it was not meet she should remain in the presence of such a creature as she who claimed to be his wife. 'Mad woman' was the epithet he applied to the intruder, but Blanche has not interpre- ted that epithet as disallowing or discrediting the claim. Without doubt she is his wife, and vile. ' I am Mrs. St. John Darrell, your lover's wife,' said the woman. The assertion was shot at her in the form of a taunt, but the taunt fell harmless from the girl's armour of innocence. It did not penetrate—it does not rankle. She has never thought of St. John Darrell as one who by one possibility might become her lover. She has looked up to him as a man many years her senior in age, and a whole lifetime of knowledge, infinitely her superior in intellect—held in far brighter esteem even by the society which vilifies him. She has revered the cynic for goodness which makes no profession, for kindliness which conceals itself behind an inoffensive sarcasm, for boundless toleration and the charity which most men lack. And she has been sorry for him with quiet unobtrusive sympathy, feeling vaguely that his life is all vexed and marred, that under the cloak of smiling, indifferent serenity fox- like cares gnaw at and tear him sorely. But it has never occurred to her that this interest and this pity are akin to love. Her heart has been aching for him all the evening with a dull, stupid pain that knows no intermission; she does not notice in her freedom from egotism that it aches for herself as well. Where is he? What is he doing? Why has he not returned? At dinner the others appear to think nothing of his absence, but she starts every time a door opens, hoping it may admit him, yet fearing to look up and meet his mournful gaze. After dinner she tries to play, but her fingers will only execute the Miserere she practised at the little church, and she tries to sing but a hard lump in her throat chokes her, so that the attempt is a miserable failure. She retires behind the curtains of the window recess to look at the night. No one recalls her so she steps out upon the lawn and glides noiselessly to the wicket gate in the shrubberies, the direction in which she knows he must come. Is this the smiling cynic, the graceful, in- dolent lounger, the unruffled man of the world, this poor fellow with the haggard face, the hopeless eyes, the disordered attire, visible for one instant in the stream of light which falls athwart his path ? She had not meant to accost him. She had thought that at the sound of his well-known footfall she would creep away stealthily as she had come. But she is breaking her heart with pity for him. From the thick darkness by the wicket gate there is borne to him in a voice clear and soft and sweet as the chiming of a silver bell the sound of his name. 'Is it you ?' he answers. 'Child, you should not be wandering out of doors in the night air.' He gropes for her in the blackness above the gate until two little cold hands are laid in his. Comfort and strength have come to him in this encounter. He is telling himself that it behoves him to make light of his troubles, lest through force of sympathy they should overshadow her. ' I was uneasy on your account and could not rest. It is very warm tonight. I shall take no harm,' she answers. He presses the cold hands gratefully. How the touch thrills him! How the mournful music of her sweet, calm voice echoes in the empty chambers of his heart! Resolute as is his self-control, inflexible as he knows his iron will to be, he dares not protract this unsought interview. ' Miss Carew,' he says, frigidly, 'I am glad of the opportunity to say half a dozen words to you beyond the hearing of other people. It was kind and like yourself to give it me.' She makes no response, for his tone has chilled her. Whilst the words thank her the tone appears to convey a rebuke almost for the presumptuous interest she has mani- fested. A very humble girl is Blanche Carew. It seems to her natural and right that his strong, self-contained spirit should forbid a stranger like herself to intermeddle with its bitterness. And yet—and yet— would to God she could comfort him ! ' It is said,' he continues, ' that there is a skeleton in every man's closet. For many long years one has been hidden in mine, and only my lawyer and myself have known of its existence. To-day you have caught a glimpse of it. I trust the sight has not alarmed you.' Her hands are free now, and she is pressing them to her throbbing heart. Oh, how it aches for him as he talks so coldly and composedly and in such well-measured terms, although but a minute ago, when the light fell upon his face, it looked like a painter's conception of despair. How her heart aches for him, and still she does not know that it aches for herself as well. Printed and published by Thomas Daniel, sole Proprietor, at the Evening Penny Post Printing Office, Auburn-street, Goulburn. 