Intamtiaiiitl Hessim. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 2. Acts ix. 1-20. Saul of Tarsus Converted. Golden Text (John iii. 3). — ' Except a man be bnrn again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.' CONVICTION. Very strong terms are used to des cribe the bitterness of Saul's feeling against the disciples of Christ. He breathed out threatenings and slaughter against them. Paul himself afterwards said that he had been 'exceedingly mad' against them (Acts xxvi. 11). There was a persecution against the Church at Jerusalem. The ardent Saul was not satisfied with this.' He went to the high priest for permission to pursue the Christians to Damascus. The city was at this time under the government of Aretas, the king of Arabia Pet rasa (2 Cor. xi. 32). He would be anxious to please the priestly party in Jerusalem, and so would permit the decrees of the Council to be of force in Damascus. There. are three accounts of the events of the remarkable journey of Saul into this city. The explanation of the apparent discrepancy is that Saul's companions, as well as himself, saw the light, but Saul alone recognised the Person. They all heard a voice, a sound, but only Saul heard the spoken words. The words spoken to the per secutor were, ' Saul, Saul, why per secutest thou Me1?' Notice how Jesus Christ identified Himself with His people. To this appeal Saul responded, 'Who art thou, Lord?' With what convincing effect must the words, ' I am J esus,' have fallen upon the per secutor's ears. Probably he had had secret misgivings as to his rejection of Christ. Indeed, the next clause would almost imply this. The words which follow, 'It is hard for thee to kick against the pricks,' are found in chap. xxvi. 1 4. The figure is that of an ox 'becoming restive at the plough, and resisting the goad, an instrument with a sharp end used for urging on the animal, and thus injuring itself. A special work was ready for Saul, and he was thus prepared for the work. He was led blind into Damascus, where he remained for three days, the sight and enjoyment of earthly things cut off from him, but with the vision of heavenly things opened before the eyes of his soul. CONVERSION. The conversion ' of Saul took place upon the journey. He had yielded him self, then, fully to the claims of Christ. But the conversion was to be confirmed and completed. This was accomplished by the ministry of a man named Ananias ; from which fact we may learn the necessity of a human ministry. He was a ' disciple,' not an Apostle. It is possible for those who hold the humblest places in the Church to be of great service to others. The street H called 'Straight' is still in existence in the modern city. Ananias received supernatural directions as to the place, the converted persecutor, the future work of Saul, and the help to be brought to him. He went, and his ministry was made fruitful to Saul, j The blindness was cured, and, best of I all, he was filled with the Holy Ghost. | This gift is the great necessity for the S personal life of religion, and for the J success of work for God. The rite of \ baptism was not neglected. Thus, the j inward reality' possessed, and the \ divinely enjoined outward ceremony per- ; formed, Saul became a member of the s, Christian Church. . j THE NEW LIFE. - 1 The fruits of faith were seen at once, jj He had been led to love J esus Christ, j; and now he loved the disciples of Christ, j Hatred was changed to affection. He I sought the friendship of those whom f previously he had sought to destroy, i Love to the brethren is one of the surest I evidences of the work of the Holy 1 Ghost in the soul. | Another' sign of the inward change I was his desire to lead others to the I truth. He stood up amongst the Jews f in the . synagogue of Damascus and ; preached Christ. This was the beginning . I of that great missionary career, the full \ fruits of''' wjiich eternity alone can \ disclose. 