IUJ NAL SERVITUDE VAN DIEMAN’S LAND. \-- TUiiK €E5H«.\5d3iS. No. 14. HOSDEIl WILL OOI. It has bsea etatsd at fcbs outsst tutu Siapleton'n crime had been an alleged assault on a female, who lived—as did the prisoner himself—in the town of Kilkenny; Us strongly procasted his ianocenee at the time, but wa3 found guilty, and sentenced to death. Tais w»3 afterwards commuted to transportation for life, through the efforts of his friends. It was proved at the trial that Stapleton had formerly been a sweetheart of the person who had accused him of the offence, but had jilted her for another girl, and the defence eat up was that the charge was a spiteful and malicious one, and laid solely for the purpose of revenge. Hia plea was not accepted, however,. as ha admitted being with the girl when the f.ff mce was al leged to have happened. Nearly twelve years after when on her death bed the woman con fessed that the accusation was absolutely false, and made solely to part Stapleton ana the girl he wished to marry. The dying penitent eaid that-if it had been decided to carry out the death sentence she would have saved her former lover’s life by telling the truth, but when transportation was substi tuted she was pleased, a3 it effectually - parted her hated rival and Stapleton. Thus the poor convict's future wa3 decided in a very summary way. Aud now, after twelve years of deepest misery and - suffering, of floggings and starvation, cold and contumely, a free pardon ■*«»< arrived at Hobait Town for one Henry Stapleton, per ship the Regent, ship’s niimbcr ISO, year 1838,” end the authorities were further commanded to Eiipply the said Henry Stapleton with s free passage to the ' city, of Cora, and furnish him with a kit not to cost more than £10 sterling; or if the pardonea preferred to settle in \an Hieman’s Land, the colonial government could make him Buch a free grant of land aa would in their estimation help the ex-convict to be come a useful and prosperous settler. This was the substance of the dispatch, but there was an important note that these instruc tions shoufd only be carried into c-ffrct if Henry Stapleton 7vas alive. By the unusual reparation that the SeareUry for State’s department had ordered it was pretty evi dent that they were of the opinion that the prisoner must be dead, for tweivo years of convict life was equal to four times that amount of time under free and ordinary conditions. The unlucky Irishman was not dead as the reader knows, and when the papers were sent to the Comptroller General he discovered after a couple of days’ search through the records that No 3492, Henry Stapleton, par ship Regent in 1S23, was at that particular time at the prison at Port Arthur. The papers were sent there to tho Commandant with an intimation to send the person there in named and numbered to the Hobart Town barraoks, but in a fortnight’s time the Comp trol’er General had the documents returned with a statement that tha prisoner named had not been at Port Arthur for nearly four, months, but had been sent to headquarters at that time. Then nnothc-r Blow search was made, and it ws3 found thet Stapleton had been Eent to work on the great north and south road for twelve months, but the books did not show what gang he was employed with, and aa there ware eighteen of them dis tributed right across tha island from Hobart Town to Lsunceston, it would be necessary to make enquiries. This duty was entrusted ' to a travelling magistrate, who also carried the free pardon, and at No 9 station he found there was such a prisoner as Henry Stapleton, aud that his number w»3 3-192, He thereupon placed the documents in the hands of the Superintendent, and thought nothing further about it. When Mr. Wragge, obie! official o! the : elation, read the pardon and the instructions ; attached to it, ho was considerably taken nbaok and amazed.Ho knew from the ‘-’secret service” men that he had .amongt the oon victs that SlBpletoa was determined to have redress for the manner in which ho was treated, and he also knew that nine out of ten of the prisoners would give evidence against him, and he was also doubtful about some of tho subordinate cffieials. Most of them were suffering through the manage ment o! Wragge, who was running the sta tion solely for his own convenience and pe ennary gain. If No. 3492 were a free man t-be Superin tendent knew that the first use he would mike of his liberty would be to de nounce Wragge and all hie works. Some of the lat-ter'e acts had been done so openly that nearly every prisoner on the station knew abont them, and it would be impossible for him to escape detection if once exposed. Hswas much troubled, too. by the rumors that mo3t of the small stations on the great north and south ro3d were to bs closed and concentrated in large depots, and that action would Bsriously affect him, as when the men were no longer under hia control they would not be afraid to lay charges against him. Before doing anything he decided to consult with hii faototum, Benson, and that evening he waited in his office as usual for the over seer to enter and lay before him any event of importance that might require investiga tion. It was generally matters of private importance that were considered. When Benson came the superintendent showed him the despatches and asked his advioe, at the same time telling him the fears he had cf trouble if Stapleton obtained hia liberty. The overseer had a good deal of canning, and as it was a question that affected him as much as his snperior he at once said that the ocnvict should not be set . at liberty. I don’t suppose ha knows anything about this pardon, and there is no reason why be should. Why not get one of onr friends to personate him 1 The authorities don't knowNj. H-1G2, and there is not as A. . much riBk in doing that as in letting him have the pardon. This in short was the advice of the overseer. Wragge thought it over aarefully, and the more ho reflected the better the scheme appeared. He would be killing the two birds with the one stone by adopting it, that ie, he would be haying a terrible revenge on the prisoner, and ai the same time be protecting himself. The ques tion was which of the convicts ehould have the great boon of liberty given to him. There would be of course no fear of exposure, for it would ba tenfold more to the felon's interest not to reveal the deception, than it woold be for the officials to do so. The two conspirators consulted together on the mo mentous point of selecting a man to repre sent 3462, and at length their choice fell upon a convict named John Blair. Thisfel low was about the same age aa the criminal be would be required to personate, and in height, build, and general appearance, es pecially the convict dress, dose cropped hair and clean shaven face, there was little difference in the two men. Blair had a very bad reputation with his gang, for it was woll known that be waB a spy for the officials, and in ooneequenoe he was allowed to oommit breaches of discipline without being punished that would have brought flogging on most of the others. Wragge was afraid of the man, for he knew secrets about him that would have brought ruin on the superintendent, and the latter was anxious to get him out of the way either by fair meanB or by foul. The convict had worked under Wragge at Macquarie Ilabor, and he more than once hinted that he had seen the official kill a man there, but the nfliir had been brought iu as accidental death, and during his sojourn at No. 9 sta tion the prisoner had found out many other serious charges against its chief officer. Blair himself was a notorious soouadrel. Ha had been transported six years previously lot being aoBMiory to a garrotting case in Lor, don. Two of hia comrades were hanged lor the crime, and on the Ecafiold they asserted that Blair was really the ringleader, but through hia Euperior cunning hBd managed to eEcape the capital punishment. He re ceived fourteen years’ transportation, and in 1838 was sent to Hobart Town. When the two official ruffians had decided, on their cruel and nefarious plot, Benson went to the ward in which Blair slept, and brought him to the superintendent, when the latter said,— “ I need hardly ask you if you would like jour liberty and a grant of a couple oi hun dred acres of land for nothing. If you say you would I am in a position to get you both. I have bora a free pardon for another prison er, and there is nothing easier in the world than for you to represent him. I will read you the papers, and you will see what is about to be done. I will give you a letter to the Comptroller General, stating that you are the person referred to, and when he asks what you will do, accept a grant of land and remain on the island a freo and prosperous man. It would ba dangerous for you to take the tree voyage, as you would only oe lauoed at Cork, and .Stapleton’s relatives might ba waiting for him, and find out that a mistake had been made. If you go home you will only get into troubla again, whilst if you Btay here you should become a prosperous settler. When your hair and beard grows no one could identify you as having been here, and l am offering you s boon for winch you ought to bless me all tho days of your future I I life.” ■ It was indeed a boon, and Biair felt al .most overpowered at his unexpected good fortune. He had never dreamt of receiving liis freedom, much less of having a present thrown in with it, ana there was.almost a ring of sincerity in his voice as lie thanked tho superintendent for his kindness, and ex pressed his utmost willingness to at once aooept the oiler. He would certainly not leave the colony if ha was offered a dozen free passages. Tho one coming cut was enough to last him for a life time, and he had not the least desire to go home where he bad been badly treated. Ilia wish was to settle down in Van Dieinan’a Land and lead a good and honest life, the hypocritical conviot Wragge then told him all that he thought would ba of Bervice to him in his interview with the Comptroller General, and then he recti ected that a slight difliculty stood in the way. The convict's clothes were all num bered at that Sima, and a change would be of oour39 necessary, so the superintendent de cided to give him Stapleton's clothes, and let Bisii wear the former’s. Daring the even ing the change was made, and Stapleton was informed that for the future his number would bo 318-1, as instructions had been re ceived to substitute that number for the one he had. It was a mattei of the most perfect indifference to the unconscious convict. They could have numbered him nought or a million if they chose, for it made no im provement in his position. The following day Conviot Blair—or rather Stapleton, for so he wae dubbed by Superin tendent Wragge—left for Hobart Town with a letter from the chief official, in which he glased that he hoped the authorities would agree to his action ia knooking off Stapleton’s irons, and tho note was intended to oover that deficiency, for according to the strict interpretation of the regulations a prisoner, even though a free pardon was granted him, had to report himself to head-quarter3 in hiB usual garb. The Comptroller General did net make any fuss about the knooking off of the irons, but received Blair in a rather ami able manner. He impressed upon the ex convict the eternal justice of British law in purdoning a man wnen they found he was innocent, and tola the pardoneo that he ought never to cease extolling the wise in stitutions under which he lived, and through which he had now regained his freedom. “ lvieh and poor ara all alike in the eyes of the law,” the pompous Comptroller General went on. “If you had been a nobleman’s Eon you could not have been better treated than you have, and I hope you will not forget your duty to the authorities in upholding Taw aud order in your new life, for I am glad to find from the note Superintendent Wragge sends me that you intend to settle in the Colony.” It was evident that Wragge was making certain that Blair would not leave the island, but the man had do wish to do so, and after further conversation with the Comptroller General he received a written authority to the district surveyor of the New Norfolk County, enabling him to pick out two hun dred sores in that locality, for which hs would receive a crown grant. Next day the lucky ex-convict went to tho district, and there for the present he may be left. When Superintendent Wragge and Over seer Benson found that Biair had Bettled down and consequently passed through the ordeal of an interview with the Comptroller General successfully, their brutal treatment of Stapleton was again renewed. A month after the free pardon should have reached him, he was almost driven mad by the re fined cruelty to which he was subjected. The rations at best were inadequate—for the Superintendent pinched a portion of them to teed his pigs on—but Stapleton was most ly kept on half rations, and was, in fact, being gradually starved to death. He bad become the mere ghost of his former self, and with open violence and hunger he had been reduced to a desperate aud conspiring man. Death was infinitely preferable to the terrible iife he was leading, and at iaet be determined to make an attempt for liberty or death. At number nine station the oon victs slept in three large rooms boarded off into narrow compartments, and there was no difficulty in oommunicafcing with each other. There were a few separate eells at the place, but they were only used when arrests were made. Many of the prisoners were ready to mutiny, for their treatment was wretched, though not so bad as Staple, ton’s, and at least two of the billet men . could bo relied on for assistance. Quietly but certainly he arranged for a rising in which the murder of both the supsrintendant and the overseer was a feature. The two billet convicts were induced to join the con spiracy, and they were to arrange, so that the two armed guards that watched the wards should be rendered powerless either by foroe or drugged turn. Once they were secured the oonvicts would have no trouble in seizing the station. Their intention was then to take all the provisions, clothiDg, arms, etc. and make for the bush, where they would either disperse or remain as an armed gang of bushrangers. Ten of the felons, in cluding the billet men, were in the plot, and it was decided to make the attempt on the night of December tilth, 1538, B3 on Christ mas Eve discipline wae considerably relaxed, and the surrounding settlers, keeping up the hospitable home custom, never failed to give the free officials—soldiers, constables, and suchlike—a bumper or so of strong drink in-which to quaff their health. The two billot men had entered into the conspiracy with eagerness, although they had more to lose by it than the regular prisoners. Their names were Manton and Tregurtha, and they seemed to have a deadly hatred to Overseer Benson. During the week that in tervened between arriving at the decision to have the rieiug on the 24th of December and that date, these two men were not idle in making arrangements for it. Stapleton and the other seven oonviots who were in the conspiracy slept in the same ward, and little difficulty would bs experienced in liberating them. At length the night of the 24th arrived. Aiasl how different were the feelings whioh actuated these miserable felons to those which are usually supposed to animate the breasts of Christians all the world over on the eva of the anniversary of tho birth of the Great Master—the founder of the purest re ligion the world has ever seen. 11 The Fatal Christmas Eve" will bs the title of next week’s chronicle. It will nar rate the story of the rising, the results which followed, and the wonderful manner in which Superintendent Wragge's treachery was dis covered. 