FÎCTIOM. Front Rnitilfb, Amerlcnu» nnd Olber Periodical!, ETHELWYN. CHAPTER VI. "WHAT SHAMEFUL SECRET IS BEKE?" Time which used to pass on light wings in Abner Blumenthal's gorgeous home, seemed now to lag with leaden feet. Contentment, affection, and domestic happiness, those three most blessed guests at a man's fireside, seems now] departed, seending in thjir stead suspicion and mystery. A blight seemed to have fallen on Abner Blumen- thal j a blight seemed to h ave fallen upon Mariamne ¡ a shadow seemed to lower over the house and all its inmates. Filled with apprehensions most unendurable, Mariamne watched her father, day by day, with a lynx-like scrutiny, while he, in turn, haggard, un- shorn, and Btrangely changed, watched her with a miserable heart, noting how each day her eye grew less bright and her check less round. Every day for hours Mariamne shut herself in her own room (which, by the way she had changed for the parlor which communicated with the secret passage), on the plea that she pined for sun, which poured through those windows at all hours of the day while Asenath her foster-sister bore her com- pany. From these long retirements she would emerge with cheeks unnaturally burning, and manner ner- vous and distrait ; Asenath at her side, white and downcast, her sensitive eyes bowed to the ground, aB if she dropped beneath some secret that was too terrible to be borne. Even Mrs. Rebecca, the plump, comely widow who directed the rich Jew's household affairs, grew sour and peevish, complaining that everything was changed, that everybody acted as if a craze was upon them, that there was nothing but secrecy and ill humor to be seen. This change had come to pass since a certain morning when an Irishman calling himself Guiscppe had come bullying and blustering to the house of Abner Blnmenthal, about his master, Mr. Chandos who, he asserted had gone from his hotel, the Penobscot, during the previous night, and hid never returned. Mrs. Rebecca, listening in gaping amazement to ' the fellow's vociferations that there had been foul play, had been reinforced by Miss Blumenthal, who hurrying in, in a strangely excited way had, with inconceivable assurance, sent Mrs. Rebecca from the room, and interviewed Guiseppe herself. Since then the Irishman had as completely disap- peared as his master, and not a word more was whispered on the subject, while Mariamne fell sick of some mysterious illness, about which ehe firmly refused to consult any doctor, though it had the power to change her from a happy, sunny girl, to a brooding, downcast, and hysterical woman. One day Abner Blumenthal went to his daughter's door and rapped for admission. Finding his summons unheeded he essayed zo open the door, and discovered, to his no small astonishment that it was carefully locked. While standing wondering at his he heard foot- steps within, and, after a little delay, the door was unlockened by Asenath, who looked as if she would sink throngh the floor when she saw who it was, but allowed him to enter with a word. The room was much shaded by green Venetian blinds, but in spite of that Mr. Blumenthal could not but note the burning, hectic flush on his daughter's cheek, as she slowly roBe from a low I satin couch to meet him, nor the nervous tremor of ' her hands as she clasped them over her bosom, and presented her forehead for him to kiss. " Are you worse to-day, my daughter ?" asked the old man, tenderly, while his heart waxed faint within him. She shrank back, reseating herself, as if her limbs were really too weak to support her. " No, my father," said Bhe, cowering and blush- ing before him. The old man seated himself before her, and tak , ing her beautiful hand between his shriveled palmB, gazed long and fondly upon her lovely face, while Asenath crept to a distant window, and leaning her white forehead against the cool pane, closed her eyes and bit her lip with an expression of uncon- trollable anguish. " My daughter has a sorrow, said the old man, in a low, repressed tone. In an instant the blushea faded from her cheek and she sat rigid and white before him. " IB there no healing for the wound ?" continued Mr. Blumenthal, with a yearning tenderness that was very hard to bear. Mariamne uttered not a word. " Can my Mariamne not forget the insolent ad- miration of a passing stranger who will never re- turn ?-never*!" and he dropped her hand and writhed in his seat as if an adder had stung him, while his voice grew bard and hoarse. The colour drifted back into Mariamne's cheeks, and for the first time she lifted her eyes to his face, and reading it off off like a book, smiled faintly and scornfully. " My father utterly mistakes," said she, in icy tones. " That passing stranger is no more to me than the meanest of my father's servants. Though she said this hardly enough, her eyes drooped guiltily. " Now, Heaven be praised for this !" cried Abner Blumenthal. " I feared it had been otherwise, and that the audacious Englishman had stolen the heart of my Mariamne from him to whom it has been promised these many years. Where is Azor's picture?" added he, looking round the walls eagerly. .f i-I forgot-I have not had it removed from the other room yet. Go, Asenath," she called to her foster sister, " bring Mr. Matthan's pictnre here. *. There was no good light for it in this room," she added, apologetically, as Bhe observed her father's gaze fixed reproachfully upon her. " I have just received a finer likeness of your affi- anced husband," said Mr. Blumenthal, producing from his pocket a velvet case, and presenting to his daughter a highly finished vignette. " Perhaps you will like it better than the other, and will not forget to place it where you con see it every day." Mariamne took the case, and gazed upon the likeness coldly and mechanically. It was a strange face, that upon which she looked. It was long and wan, and the features were pointed. Tho skin seemed to be of excessive transparency, and of a porcelain whiteness ; the eyes were long and half shut; the eyebrows .if glossy jet black were beauti- fully drawn, and formed that saintly curve which tho old masters have loved to give their St. Johns. The mouth was peculiarly, subtlely sweet, and the fine lines which were drawn round it betokened the extraordinary sensitiveness and delicacy of the man's organisation. A jet-black, pointed beard, and glossy, dark,-curving locks finished off this countenance, which waa at once wondrously sweet and uncommonly spirited. A beautiful face to one who had eyes to see it. Azor Matthan was a German, a distant connec- tion of the BlumenthalSj with whose father Abner Blumenthal had long ago struck the bargain that their son and daughter should be united when Mariamne was twenty-one. During a recent visit to Berlin, Mr. Blumenthal had made the acquaintance of his future son-in law, and had returned home 60 full of his accom pishmentB, riches, wit, and commonsense, that Mariamne had hitherto always found the subject a pleasant one, and frequently wished that tho few remaining months of her minority were gone, that she might meet, and be united to, so charming a being. While Bhe sat looking with listless eyes upon the miniature, Asenath entered, carrying a richly-gilt frame, which presented another vignette of Azor Matthan, admirably drawn by some German artist at the time of Abner Blumenthal's visit to Ger- many, and, placing it carefully on a little marble table at Mariamne's elbow, modestly withdrew, as before, to the window. The old man took up the picture, and, carrying it across the room to where a beautiful portrait of Mariamne hung, held it up beside hers, remarking : " I will never be happy till these two are united." y He looked at them together for a few moments lovingly ; then, carrying Azor's picture to a space between the next two windows, which corresponded with the place where Mariamne's was hung, he mounted on a chair, and with his own hands hung the picture. Now, the place which he had chosen chanced to be that very panel in which the door of the secret passage was cut; and, as he stepped down, holding by the thick velvet curtain to balance himself, he happened to displace it, and to notice the door. Without a thought of what he was doing, and with no motive whatever, he put his hand on the accustomed spring and tried to open the door, and observing that it was locked, he said, carelessly : " Where is the key of this door, Mariamne ?" There» was a moment's dead pause, and looking xound, he saw both the girls on their feet gazing at him as pale as ghosts. "What is the matter?" exclaimed he utterly taken back. Has anything happened in connection with this passage ?" and he shook the door as he spoke. "No, no! nothing!" gasped Mariamne, almost running toward him. " Don't-you needn't shake the door j it won't open without the key, and-and Her voice died away in husky moans. The old gentleman looked from one to another with a keen, searching glance. Both seemed ready to faint with terror. " Bring me the keys," said he, quietly. " I shall go down to the shore through the passage; and Asenath, light me that taper which I see standing ready." The girls absolutely quailed before him. " I can't," faltered Mariamne ; " I-have-lost them!" The words came one by one, as if wrung from her, while her head sank on her breast, and Asenath ut- tered a suppressed moan. The old Jew drew himself to his fall height, and, folding his arms, fixed a look of magnificent wrath upon the shrinking figure of his daughter; " Since what time has a lying spirit entered into the heart of my daughter ?" demanded he ; " and who has taught her to mock her father with deceit ?" At that moment a blow sounded on the door at his ear-a blow that made him start back, while a rousing voice shouted : " Arrab, now, are yez all dead in there ? an' will yez be after unlockin' the door, sure ?" Mariamne screamed, and fell on her knees before her father, while Asenath flew forward, and wind- ing her arms round her, seemed determined to bear fully her share of disgrace and shame which had be- fallen her foster sister. " Very good !" said Abner Blumenthal, between his teeth ; " the door shall be opened without a key !" and, scowling with a brow as black as thun- der, be strode from the room. Then the young ladies started ta their feet and Btarcd at each other in wild diBmay. " What ÍB to be done ?" gasped Mariamne. " Think, think, Asenath ! Oh .' I'll die of fear." .' What can bo done ?" wailed Asenath, wringing her hands. ' Folly, falsehood, and now exposure Oh, my sister, would to God yon have died before you met George Chandos !" " Think ! think !" cried Mariamne, stamping her foot. " My father will stab him on the spot if he finds him there ! Oh, help me at once, Asenath !" and her voice rose to a piercing wail. Asenath pressed her hands to her temples, and making a mighty effort to compose herself, stood thinking intently for a few moments. Then she ran to the chamber door, locked it, and producing the key of the corridor door from her own pocket, un- locked it, and came face to face with Guiseppe, bearing a lighted candle in MB hand. " All is discovered !" hissed she, putting her small sinewy hand on his arm with a grasp like steel. " Off with you, and at once take your master away. Mr. Blume nth al will be here in a few minutes, and all we can do is to detain him as long as possible, while you escape in our boat. There is the key of the sea door," and she thrust it into the gaping fellow's hand, and pushed him down the steps. While she was speaking, Mariamne stepped into the narrow stair-way, and pushed past the Irish- man. " Mariamne, where are you going ?" called Asenath. " Lock the door and keep him ont as long as yon can," Mariamne called back. " I muât see him safely away." "For Heaven's sake, don't go!" shrieked Asenath, attempting to catch her dreäs. " Are you mad ? Your father will suspect the worst." Bat already Mariamne was ont of hearing, far down*the pitch-dark passage, running and stumb- ling, and leaping np again to run faster than be fore, while Guiseppe lumbered far in the rear, his eyes bursting from their sockets, and execrations on his master's folly pouring from his lips. Yes for all these weeks the young duke had lain in the smugglers' cave, seriously ill, and assiduously nursed by Mariamne, Asenath, and Guiseppe; while all the world thought him dead, and another usurped his station. Whether the opium which Eliakim induced him to smoke had been mixed with some more deadly drug, or whether the frightfnl distance which he had fallen before he reached the water had seriously shaken him, is immaterial ; there he lay, as completely prostrated as if under the influence of some malignant fever only that he enjoyed perfect consciousness all the time, and con- sequently piofited by each hour which the fair Jewess chose to dedicate to his service, and make love to her according to his own lights, with-he serenely hoped-immense success. The smugglers' cave had somewhat changed in its character since Mariamme had assisted the half drowned Chandos across its threshold ; many com- forts had been fetched from NAbner Blumenthal's house to conceal the roughness of the inhospitable place ; curtains, soft and bright- tinted, were spread over the earthen walls, and long-haired, fleecy mats, costly skins of wild animals, most fit for a lady's boudoir, covered the damp stone floor. The couch whereupon the invalid lay was luxurious enough to grace a Roman banquet, piled, as it was, with gay cushions from the drawing room sofas, and the soft, rich shawls from the ladies wardrobes. A handsome candelabra, filled with tapers, which were kept always burning, stood upon a carved table, stolen from Mariamne's own chamber, and a small cooking apparatus, procured by the ever-considerate Mariamne, gave evidence of the culinary skill of Guiseppe, and of the com- fortable routine which was followed down there. The invalid lay upon his couch, but be was dressed, as far as circumstances would permit, in the most taking and jaunty manner that a man who wished to be irresistible could devise, knowing that no man, however handsome, can possibly look imposing, covered up to the chin in bed-clothes. It was Mr. Chandos' invariable rule to undergo a careful and complete toilet at the hands of his ever gainsaying, yet ever-obedient valet, every morning at ten, after which hour he was subject to the angelic visits of his two fair friends until the sun had gone down. Into his presence now rushed Mariamne, panting, and with eyes unnaturally dilated, and Beizing him by the arm, attempted, but in vain, to speak. " In the name of wonder, what is it, Miss Blu- menthal ?" cried he, starting up, and gazing at her apprehensively. " Anything amiss ? Why, bless my soul, she can't speak !" "My father is coming '" said Mariamne, hoarsely. "Flee! flee!" " Your father !" echoed the young duke, aghast. " By Jove ? IB he, though ?" Then impulsively turning to her, and taking both her trembling hands in his : " And you, Mariamne ?" in a low, passion shaken voice. " What's to become of you ?" " Never mind me !" she said distractedly j " only go ! only go ! Here is Guiseppe ! Unlock the door, Guiseppe !" (for the valet had at last reached the cave.) " But I will mind what becomes of you !" said Chandos, throwing his arms round her waist, and straining her to a heart which, for the first time, stirred with generous love. " Am I to leave you here for your engaged father to wreak his revenge uponP My poor girl don't I know that all the kindness you have shown me will only be misunder- stood and miserably belied ?" " Oh, for Heaven's sake, go, and save yourself !" gasped Mariamne, struggling to free herself from his arms, even while she clung with shaking hands to him, endeavouring to push him by man force to- ward the now open door, eut and in which the thoroughly awakened Irishman was darting, with such of his master's effects as he could snatch np to place in the skiff. At that moment a bell rang violently. Now this bell had been hung in the cave with the express intention of warning the young ladies that someone wanted admission to Mariamne's bedroom, in time for them to fly thither, and to lock the in- tervening door of the secret passage. A cord was attached to the leek of Mariamne's bedroom door, and stretching across the chamber, was con- nected with the spring which opened the door of the secret passage, and from thence a stout wire was carried along the roof of the passage, down to the smuggler's cave, and securely fastened to the bell which hung over the entrance. Thus, when the young ladies were with Mr. Chandos, Mariamne was accustomed to lock her chamber door, knowing that when the handle was turned by a hand out- side, the cord would pull the wire, and the wire would ring the bell, and they would have time to run back to the chamber and admit the intruder, while Guiseppe was instructed to come up to the secret door whenever the bell rang during their absence from the sea cave, as in that case it could only be the secret door which had been shaken, as the cord was detached and carefully hidden except when they were actually in the cave ; therefore he could be sure that they had summoned him for some purpose. This contrivance was solely due to the ingenuity of the Irishman, and had always worked success- fully. Mariamne ceased her struggles, and, standing heart to heart with Chandos, his arms supporting her, she gave him a Budden, passionate, yearning look. " That is my father at my chamber door," said she, in a voice of forced calmness. " Asenath has, I suppose, locked it to give yon time. This is our last look of each other 5 we will never meet again. Good-by for ever. George Chandos." The young duke bent lower and lower, looking into her eyes with a half-smile of conscious power. " I will go away only on one condition," said he. " What ?" she whispered, with whitening lips. " That you accompany me," he answered, steadily. He felt the wild bound of her heart; he saw the rioh dye sweep over her cheek, and the oriental eyes droop. The next moment she made a mighty effort to control herself, and answered, freezingly : " Mr. Chandos mocks me ; he asks an impossi- bility." " No impossibility," cried the young duke, firmly. " If I don't take you now I'll never see you again.'» " Never again," she echoed, with a bursting sob. " Yet, oh, I pray you, for mercy's Bake, to go while you have time !" " Not withont you." ?" Yes, without me." * " No, no, no ! Come with me, my sweet love. You love me, Mariamne ?" "Go, go! Oh, Heaven help me! I am going mad !" " You love me, Mariamne ?" The bell rang again, more violently than before. "That ÍB my father at the secret door," cried Mariamne, distractedly, endeavouring to tear her- self from the firm clasp of the young man. " Oh, if you knew him, and how terrible he is when in a passion !" \ " You love me, Mariamne ?" persisted the young duke. " He will murder us when he sees U3 here," faltered Mariamne, in a fainting voice. All this time the bell continued te ring furiously, almost drowning their voicaa. To this dis tracing din, Guiseppe now added his quota by vehemently urging his master to get into the boat like a sensible man, and not make bad worse. " I can't gQS-I won't go without you, Mariamne,'' exclaimed Gnandos, with fierce excitement. " I have brought disgrace upon. Could I be such a coward as to leave you to face it alone ?" " Disgrace ?" she uttered, uncomprehendly. The young duke regarded her with a long look of winder and awe. " How simple you are !" exclaimed he, almost impatiently. " How is it possible to be so innocent ?" "Tell me what you mean," said Mariamne, faintly. A hotblush dyed the young duke's ghastly face, and he loosened his grasp of her in an access of shame and remorse. " What a selfish brute I am !" he groaned, " I have blighted this good woman's life ! Don't you see, Mariamne," he Baid, turning to her, "you father ivill never believe in the innocence of your course during the last month. He will not believe that you have never given me one kiss, nor one hand-clasp ; that all our interviews have been witnessed by Asenath, and that, in fact, an angel from heaven could not have comforted herself with a whiter soul than you." As he spoke, Mariamne's head sank lower and lower, an awful white look of despair settled on her countenance, and her whole figure seemed to droop and cower like a flower in a blighting wind. At this moment the bell ceased ringing. *' Saints be between us and harm !" yelled Gui- seppe, " the ould haythen's upon us !" and he danced about the cave like a madman. " Will you come with me now," whispered the young duke, humbly, and not daring to touch her. She lifted that awful face, from which every bright and beaming charm of happy youth seemed to have fled, and said, in a strange, hard, unmodu- lated voice: "I know now what yon mean, George Chandos. My life ia indeed blasted by a curse ! You have stolen my love, and you have stolen my good name; yet, Heaven help me ! I dare not ge with yon and forsake my holy faith. And now," she added, sink- ing on her knees, before him, and pressing her clasped hands to her breast, with all the wild grace of the East, " If you love me as you say you io, you will respect my love for you, and save yourBelf for love of me, that I may not die of grief at your death." This sweat appeal, inwrought with true love's logic, penetrated to his very heart. At that mo- ment the duke of Ellesmere, sceptic, scoffer, felt the mighty spell of heaven-Bent Love, attended by her two hand-maidens-Purity and Unselfishness-and bowed in veneration before the beauteans three, as he had never bowed before the proudest throne in the universe. He took her hand as if it was a sacred thing, and raised her from her knees as if she had been a queen» and in an humble, heart-filled voice, such as no mortal had ever heard from him before, said : " I must, perforce, obey you, Mariamne, for your plea is almighty, yet if there is anything I can do to save you from your father's wrath, or to atone for the great wrong I have done you, anything anything, however hard, Mariamne, tell it me." She let him hold her hand ; what use now to draw it away P what use now to veil the truth ? she loved him, he had a right to hold her hand, and it was for the last time. " One thing you can do for me," said she, " and that is to leave Sharmanville at once, and to hide yourself as completely as if you were really dead." " And am I never to see you again ?" faltered he, miserable tears standing in his eyes. " What use," said she ; " I can never marry you." At that he writhed as at a knife-thrust, remem- bering with self-abhorrence the ignoble love he had meant to offer her. " Farewell !" said he, faintly, " you are the one woman in the world who co aid have made a good man of me. Oh ! I fear to leave you to your father's rage !" " He will not hurt me," said Mariamne, indiffe- rently. Then, of herself, she passed her beautiful arms softly around his neck, drew down his head, offering her velvet lips, and he kissed her softly, purely, while the hot tears rained down ; and then with a last look in each other's face, and a last clasp of each other's hands, they separated, and Guiseppe assisted his master, half swooning, from the cave. ******* Meantime, Asenath had to face the lion in Mariamne's chamber. Having locked the door of the secret passage after Guiseppe and Mariamne, she stood listening for the return of Mr. Blurnenthal, her heart beat- ing wildly, and the pulses thundering in her ears. A few minutes of agonising suspense, and then she heard him turn the handle of the door, to which she had hastily adjusted the cord, that Mariamne might be warned of his appoach, and return to the chamber. " Open the door !" she heard Mr. Blumenthal say, in a voice hoarse with fury. *. Yes," gasped Asenath, " yes, I am coming," and Bhe untied the cord from the door of the secret passage, then ran across to the old chamber door and untied it there, and fliging it under the shel- tering drapery of the toilet table, listened with straining ears for Mariamne's return. " Open the door," again called Mr. Blumenthal, more furiously than before. " Do you mock me ?" " Coming ! coining !" answered Aßenath, again flying to the seoret door, and pressing her ear to it to listen yet more intently for Mariamne's return. A violent blow on the chamber door made her start and scream. " Must I break,the door open ?" said Mr. Blum- enthal, in tones thick with passion. A3enath flew about the room in distraction, wringing her hands. Still no sound of Mariamne at the secret door. At last, driven by sheer terror, she went to" the chamber door and unlocked it. Mr. Blurnenthal strode in, his face black with de- moniac fury. He looked round the room, and not seeing Mariamne, he burst forth, wildly : " Where is my daughter ? Where is she, I say ? Speak, woman!" for Asenath had shrunk away, dumb with terror, (To be continued.) BEAD THB OPINION OP A. WB&L-KNOWN; CITT CLEBGYXAN.-" I have no objection to your using my name, as one who has derived consideraole benefit from the use of Row's DANDELION BITTKBS. I have used them nowfor nine months, and have jome to the conclusion that they are an invaluablr toni«.-THOMAS KEMMIS St. Mark's, Darling Poin' Vpril29 1889.' 