HE WASNT A OFIIP OP THE 0ULD BLOOK. MrFlanngan: '01 don't know phwat 01 wull do wld mo bye Micky. Faith, he's a bsri young Bpalpeen.' Mr O'ltourko : ' f hsal hez be beon aftor doin'r' Mr Flanagan : ' Sure ho klm homo last noijht rollin' a bcec keg that he'd ethale from tho ealoon av the Dootobmon bf yanl.' Mr 0'Hiurke : 'Euro's be'a ? Oliver byo is Slioky,' Mr Flanagan : ' That's phrat 0! t'onght, an' 01 woa j'ubI alter tellin' him be wue a chip av the ould block, when Oi discovered Ibe ken was empty.' Mr O'ltourko : '0! hope yo tooohed h'a a Icison for tliavin'?' Mr Flanagan: 'Begobi,OI thl. ,. be'a a liowlin' yet from tho bsatin' I gU: A piinalaking man— a dentlit. Startling figures— ghosts. A horse may pull with all its might, but L;ap Yeor— Itosalic : 'What did Jack lay when you proposed to him ?' draco : ?? Hd was loo frightened to a ay anything— so silenoo gave oonsont.' When a washerwoman ohangos ber plaee ot residence, one may ask her ' where aha hangB out now ' without tiBing atang. . Ancionl female: ' Uow much would you lake me for 7' , Cute Puotographor : 'About twenty four / lie got the job. ( A poet aski : ' What ii warmrr than a ' woman's love !' We infer that he never plokad up a newly-oolned horea shoo fiesn from Iho forge. Migistratc: 'If 1 let you off tills timo will you promise nut lo como back hero '^'Hsoncr: ' Yes, sir. Tbo fact is, I didn't come voluntarily Ibis time.' lie (very tenderly): 'Darling, you arc tha only K'il I ever loved.' Bho (coquettisbly) : 'Oh, pshaw I Yon oan't imagino bow muoh fun you have mined.' ' Waiter, Ibis Bleak ia much smaller than tb« ono I had yesterday, How'athat?' '* Ob, It eomoB from a smaller ox.' ' You Bay I was bcrn in London, pa. Where waa mother bcrn!' ' In Dublin.' » And whore wore you bo.-n, pa 1' ' In flloueeater.' ' It's very strange, pa, isn't it, that tie three should havo met 7' He : ' Mildred, will you be my wife?' She : ' Well, not to-day.' He : ' Oh, Mildred, bow can jou speak ao flippantly?' Bbe: 'Flippantly? How do you sup poee I could possibly be your wile to-day I 1 should want at least two weoks to get ready in.' A young dandy, tram tbo town, once made the acquaintance of a prcttj and lovely milkmaid, and being greatly enamoured wlib ber obarma, he went to the tarmbouaa where dwelt bis divinity, for the purpose ol seeing her. Not knowing the creature's namo— lor. like all flirts she bad given him some hall doien different ones— no asked tbo sour looking man who waa stacking manure in the yard— ?? How's the milk maid 1' Tho man did not think he was referring to Mary, the milkmaid, but only meant fooling him, so he replied— ' Mj young buok, na don't make our milk —us gets it from the aowa.' Alexander Dumaa was one day the goes* ot Or Gilts!, a leading practitioner in Marseilles, After dinner, while tha ooffeo was being handed round, the host requested the great novelist to earioh hla album with one nt his witty Improvisations. ' Certainly,' replied Dumas, with a smile ; and drawing out a pencil, ho wrote, under tho eyes ot hia outortainer, the following llneo — Since Dr Gislal came to our town To euro diseases caanal and hereditary, Tho hospital line been pulled down — 'You flatterer!' exclaimed tho doctor, mightily pleased ; but tbo poet wont on— And wo have made a Iirgor cemetery,' MrFaodcr: ' This vest wants to be a little larger round tbe waist, Schneider.' Schneider : ' But it fits you perfectly now, sir.' Mr Feeder : ' 1 know it fits all right now, but I am ordering this suit to wear at dinners.' Married in white, you have chosen all right. Married In grey, you wilt go far away ; Married in black, you will wish yourpeU back! Married in red, ynu will wish youriaU dead) . -- . ? Married Ir ,«eed, alrald to be aeen ; Jlnnl.n in blue, he will always be true; M mi led In pood, you will live in a whirl; Married in yellow, ashamed ot your follow i Married in brown, you will live' out ot town t Married in pink, jour spliit will slnlr. 