SCRAPS. In Boston, Mass., they lately passed a law that no one should take a drink in a bar hi a standing position, and no one should buy a drink without having first ordered, food. The Boston Herald thus describes one of the results of this peculiar law :— He was" a stranger in town. It was Sunday night, and he was tired after a trip on the "ghost train" from New York. He wanted a drink, but knew not how or where to get it. He was in a Puritanical city, quartered " with some religious and temperance relatives, and he longed for the morrow or a glass of whisky. His longing was of short duration. Within a stone's throw of Scollay Square he met a metropolitan friend who had been in Boston before. Together they went to the nearest hotel restaurant. " I don't want'to eat, but to drink," said the thirsty man as he held back. " Never fear; your want shall be supplied." • The waiter came, and the man who knew Boston looked at him with a knowing smile and said—" Bring me one hard-boiled egg and a bottle of Bass's ale." " Add a good bumper of whisky to that order for me," said the other. " I can comply with the order for an egg and a bottle of beer, but"— turning to the late arrival—" I cannot serve you." "And why V " Because you should have ordered something to eat. Furthermore, you should have ordered it before ordering the drink. That's the law." " True," said the man acquainted with Boston. " The waiter has no alternative. If he should serve you now he would be discharged." The new comer had to sit while Ms friend drank Bass and put the bohJL egg in his pocket, to be thrown away when he departed. As soon as the thirsty traveller" got out of the dining-room he bolted for another hotel near by. He ordered a biscuit, and then added, " And a glass of whisky." His thirst was satisfied. The law remained intact. " I would like to pay my little bill," said Gus De Smith as his tailor entered. Delighted tailor—" Thank you, thank you, Mr. De Smith. Here it is." Gus De Smith—" I said 1 would like to pay my bill, but I want to tell you, Mr. Snip, I can't." It is feared that the Prince of Wales will not be able to attend the next Royal Academy dinner this year. He is afraid of the big rich spread. How changed he has become! 