THE BLACK HMD. A Tale of tbo Seoret Societies Fy th« author of ' The Queen of the Blondes,' 'Dazzling but Doomed,' 'The Fairest in Mayfair,' 'Perili of Paris,' 'Nina the Nihilist,' ' PrinoesB and Police Spy,' &c.; CHAPTEE XLVI. HOW FKDOSA KEPT THK APPOINTMENT. TLkrm-KA made a hearty meal when she pot back to the old house, and notwith standing tiie griminess, squalor, and dirt of their surroundings, for Greteh had been out foraging, and had bought a large real and ham pi« at a pastry cook's in the Commercial-road, and an open cranberry tut and some Gorgonzola cheese to follow. He had also procured a bottle of claret and one of champagne. together with some cigars for himself and a doi of dainty little cigarettes for his companion. All these things he had brought home himself, and yet he had found time to tidy up the place and make it a little less forbidding of aspeot. The news his accomplice brought him pleased him greatly, and, indeed, put him into such a good humor that he every now and then burst out into fragments of song, and did his best to entertain Katinks. with sketches of his past exploits in the force. ' But this feat will eclipse all previous ones,' said he, ' for yon take my word for it, my girl, that we will have both the Princess and Oount Ipanoff on board the * Ivan' and under hatches before mid night, and ere morning's dawn I shouldn't nt all wonder if the gunboat hadn't picked ub up off the Nore.' ' Don't you know there's a proverb that disoountenances the counting of chickens before they are hatched f laughed KatiDka. ' One, I think, we are sure of ; hut u to a second ? ' ' I feel as certain of the seoo&d; as of the first,' interrupted the Police-Major excitedly. ' When Mrs G-rimsby returnR to the Count with the information that his wife had been taken suddenly and seriously ill whilst engaged in a philanthropic visit to an unfortunate but meritorious compatriot, and that ehe is in too critical a state for a removal to be risked, he will come to her on the wings of love and a handsome oab, or I am most wonderfully mistaken in my man.' ' Why, you have changed your entire scheme again. You are always changing your scheme.' ' Perfecting is not changing. And be sides it is perfectly legitimate even to change good for bettor. The kidnapping °S Tiger Bay conspirators was not a brilliant notion, asd its suocess was too much based on the supposition that Count Loris had read the popular HusBian translation of a novel called 1 Edwin Drood. Now Mrs GrimBby, who I am morally convinced Fedora will bring with her, shall see her mistress in a state that she will afterwards describe her as being^ in to her husband .; and see ing is believing, you know.' ?And how will you bring all this about, most wise and sapient Greteh r' 'The Princess will feel faint with the smells of this place; that, I think, you may take for granted, though if you are at all doubtful on the point we can soon make 'em worse. Noticing her pallor, r shall get a clean pocket handkerchief bought a couple this morning), and deluge it from that bottle over there irhich has some perfume at the bottom. Handing it to her with an air of con cern and kindly sympathy, she will smell at it, if only out of politeness, and then ?he will turn as white as a ghost and faint away. The stuff is, of course, in reality chloroform, disguised with eBS bouquet. By the way, talking of dis guises, you must disguise your eyes, fr.tmVa, or they may betray us both, I won't trust them. I know them too well, and the look of hate that comes into them, even at the bare mention of the PrinceES' name. I have bought a pair of blue spectacles that will conceal all that.' 'I declare you think of everything,' laughed Katinka. ' Well, I believe that the bine spectacles wonld be advisable under the circumstances, for I know that I am a bad hand at controlling my eyes. But suppose that the Princess will not smell at the handkerchief V ' Then we mnst resort to force, and I promise you she she'll not have a chance of giving utterance to a single squeak be fore she lb unconscious and helpless Directly she is so we admit the house keeper from the adjoining room, and I tell her our hapless history, which is that I am a Hussion surgeon and a refugee, undeservedly of course, and thst my only means for a long while of escaping starvation has been to appeal to the generosity of my wealthier compatriots. The Princess has of course personally re sponded to one of these appeals, and on the table I Bhall point out the pile of golden ooins which she has generously given to alleviate our distress. She will, of course, wast to have her mistress re moved home, but I shall assure her, on honor as an experienced medical man, that any such removal might result in the most serious consequences, and beseech her to hurry home and bring her HignesB' husband back with her, assuring her that no injurious consequences are to be ap prehended if perfect rest and quiet are maintained for a few hours. Now, do you doubt the success of my plot, Katinka P1 ' Not if the Princess really does bring a female companion with her. ' Should she not do so you yourself will have to go to her husband, armed with the same tale. He will never detect you with your appearance so wonderfully changed, and the bine glasses will com plete the illusion.' 'Should I have to return in the same cab with the murderer of Vladimir GarishkineP' ' Assuredly you would, or how could he manage to find bis way hither, foolish gSF Then I must carry no weapon with which I oould either shoot or stab him, or I am sure that I should not be able to resist the temptation as he sat beside me.' ?Now, none of that,' said Greteh sternly. ' If yon dare to cheat General Gariankine out of his legitimate prey 1 tremble to think what your own fate might be, that is to say I should tremble if I was at all given to that kind of thing. Why, killing the Count with knife or pistol would be doing Hi™ an act of kind ness. Come, take another gloss of this most excellent wine, and let it teach yon to regard matters philosophically.' Katinka held out her glass and after draining it apparently did look upon things more philosophically. At all events she talked no more of assassina ting Loris Ipanoff with her own hand, bat laughed and chatted very cheerfully instead. Thus hour after hour wore on, until darkness set in .at five o'clock in the afternoon, but a cheerful fire made up for the loss of the pale, sickly-looking December sun, and by seven the moon was up and streamed down upon the woodyard and the little wet dock, with the ugly little steamer that seemed still to float so very harmlessly therein ; but in the rear of the wooden water-gates and the short, narrow stone-girt channel be --r=id, flowed, hoarsely murmuring, the silent highway which, reflecting millions of lights it'*«jnky depths, led to Rustia and to vengeanSe Rsrtirikp never seemed to grow tired of gazing at it from the window, and she did so from the time the moon first showed it to her until Greteh came to her tide, and said somewhat sternly — ' It is time to recall your mind from visions to realities. Sbe is already due. At any moment she may be here.' 'And at any moment I am ready for her,' retorted Katinka in an entirely changed tone and manner, and Bhe put on the blue glasses OB she spoke. ' Come into the front room/ said Gretch, ' and we shall see (hem coming down the street.' He had on now his glossy blaok wig, the oiuBbetrme ctaia ©f which came down to almost the level of his carefully gummed bushy brows. Black masses of beard, moustache, and whiskers covered nearly all the rest of his face, and his clothes were so staffed out that he looked a corpulent, clumsily-made man, instead of a slim one. Thus he was aB much unlike the cripple who bad come to England in the same train and steam packet as the Princess as he was unlike his real self. Katinka glanced at his make-up ap provingly, knowing the while that her own outer aspect was every whit aB much altered as was his, for she was now as naxen -haired and peariyoom plexioned as any Finnish or Swedish girl, and aB such looked like one who would naturally have weak sight and require spectacles. When the two had tins carefnlly and closely surveyed eaoh other, they, sitting in the window seat of one of the empty front rooms, looked up the narrow, mean, bnt badly lighted street, in the direction of the Commercial-road, like the two beasts of prey that they were, anxiouBly awaiting the appearance of their victim. Suddenly Gretch brought his hard palm down on Katinka's Bboulder with a force that caused her to wince, at the same time exclaiming — ' Here she comes, and the woman GrimBby is with her. I would know the Princess' proud stop amongst a thousand, though they were both closely veiled The boy, however, is in advance, and turnB round dvery instant to make sore that thoy are following him.' ' It is, indeed, them,' echoed Katinka, ' for I also would know the PrincesB* siep anywhere.' ' 1 will receive them at the door, and usher them upstairs,' said Gretch. ' JDo you meanwhile go and give a stir to the lire, and see that the empty wine bottles aren't in sight. Only the PrincosB will enter that room. I shall show the other woman into yours.' ? Suppose that the Princess won't be parted from her, what will you do then r' 1 I'm ashamed of your simplicity, Katinka. Do you imagine that Her Highness will want anyone else to learn a secret that she is going to pay me a thousand pounds in British money to be Bilent concerning. She is not such a fool. I've no doubt she will insist upoD tout leaving the room before she opens her mouth. But, hist, here they are. Go about your business, and I'll attend to mine.' He was out of the room almost before he bad finished speaking, and, descending the carpetloss stairs three at a time, in another minute he had opened the front door. 'Come in, ladies,' said he, with a multiplicity of bows and grimaces, so n the more, naturally to ctr/y out his cb&raeier; es a Frenchman, for he knew well that his speech and accent were perfect. ? Tou do me much honor. Naomi, my child, show a light at the stair head, so that our visitors may see the way up. Tjadies, you must excuse carpets, because as yet niy means do not Buffioe. But pray walk in, for a crowd gathers. The people about here are very curious and very shocking. I always keep the door locked and bolted on the inside.' CHAPTER XLVn. KATIKKA PLATS THE BOLE OF CHIEF STUAKGLEB. The rusty key scrunched round in the lock, and the rusty bolts rasped into their receivers, as Gretch thus plausibly delivered himself, and they were not exactly pleasant sounds either to the Princess or to her companion, for to the former it gave a disagreeable impression of being caged or trapped, and the latter it afflicted with a vague terror, which was none the less hard to endure, because Ehe did not know what she had to appre hend. The boy-guide had been shut outside in the stront, a tly wink from Gretch being quite sufficient to satisfy the urchin that he would be settled with at another time, and tiow the transformed Police Major bowed his two visitors up the sp-itd staircase in front of him, and when all three had reached the top he turned to the Princess with— ' Do you desire your attendant to re main with you during our interview P' ' Of course I do not, nor your daughter either/ answered Fedora querulously. It struck her as remarkably ctrange that a man ehnnld have a daughter with him who had so hurriedly croBsed over to England and on such a mission ; and Greteh had anticipated this particular surprise on her parr, and assuredly would have dispensed with its occasion had it been at all possible to have managed the affair alone ; but he knew that in an ordinary way a womanisaxnau'B best ally agaiuBt women, and he felt assured that Katinka's beauty and manner wonld impose favorably upon Mrs Grimsby, whilst be had gocd reason for regarding that as very important. He therefore rejoined with a shrug of the shoulders and a complacent smile 1 Tour Highness' will iB my law. If you will kindly accompany my daughter, 1 will rejoin you in a minute. Madam, yon will be good euongk to coma wuh me.' The Princess followed Katinka into iho apartment in which the fire was burniL-g, but she wai on iier guard. Foul smells there were enough and to spare about the room, the most over powering being that of a dead rat which «xs festering somewhere behind the skirting, but Fedora did not turn up her nose at a single one of them, far less grow pale and look as though Bhe was about to faint. There was, therefore, not the slightest exause for offering her a handkerchief saturated with perfume-disguised chloro form, and Katinka saw clearly enough that the mere suggestion would be calculated to awaken her suspicions. The Princess gazed at her so keenly and continually that the girl feared she began to smell a metaphorical rat aa well aB an actual one, so she stirred the fire and began to hum in a low tone a verse or two of a French chanson, keeping her face averted aB much aB possible, for she had begun to lose faith even in her spec tacles. Presently Gretch (having left Mrs GrimBby in Katinka's chamber, and placed a chain in the middle of the dark passage outside so that the portly dame should sbe develop a penchant for eaves dropping would be sate to stumble over it and thus give timely warning of her approach) came into the room rubbing his hands and looking particularly ami able. Ho eeemed to be toraewhet surprised, however, &t; perceiving tbe Princess in every respect so wide awekfl, and glanced from her to Kstinks and from Katinka to the undisturbed bottle on the shelf. Then ha said in the blandest possible tones— ' N«omie, my child, the evil smells of this place are worse than ever to-night. alone some of that perfume that I brought ym home to relieve your head She will find it very grateful. Tour Highness, it is an undiBcoverabln drain or deed mire, I don't know which, 'Waive your excuses and apologies/ interrupted Fedora impatiently, ' I hate perfumes of all kinds, and the sooner we have transacted our business, the quicker I shall be able to escape the evil tmelU which I assure you don't affect me in the letst.' ' Tour Highness is very good to «sy so/ retorted the chevalier d'iaivstrie, and then he glanced across the room at Katinka, who interpreted the look as meaning, ' What is to be done now F I am at my wit's end. Try to help me out of my dilemma/ Iu truth, though f oroe would have to be had recourse to as a last resource, such an expedient would be a very awkward necessity, since if their victim had time to give vent to a single scream it migbs defeat all their projects with regard to Mrs Grinuby. Katinka, however, proved equal to the She wore around her neck a black silk Bcarf with fringed ends, and she now slipped thJB off unperceived by Fedora. ?Will you ask this young person to leave as, so that we may get tbe business that has brought me here as quickly as possible overP' the Princess said im periously at this juncture, and Katiuka replied for herself. ? Certainly I will go, and at once.' As Bhe spoke she passed round to the back of the chair in which Fedora was seated, a way which was certainly the nearest, and the least blocked up by. obstacloB to the door. But the instant she was behind the' Princess, she quick as lightning passed; her black Boarf around her victim's ivory i white throat, and drew the ends so tight that only an inarticulate and choking gasp could escape therefrom. ?Now for the chloroform, quick,' she; said in a harsh whisper to Greteh, a« Fedora began to grasp at the aoarf with her fingers in a futile attempt to loosen its folds. But the vengeful girl had the strength as well as the ferocity of a tiger, and the Princess had been taken by surprise, and was also in an unfavorable atti tude for resistance ; added to which -she had been robbed of more than half her power by tbo sudden and terrible pres Bure around her throat. And now, whilst sbe in vain attempted to cry cut, Gretch positively soaked a handkerchief in chloroform and coming back pressed it against her face until consciousness utterly forsook hor, and she sank back as though dead. 'We will lay her on the bed now. You are a wonderful girl, Katinka. I am proud of you. To have one's wits always about one in a oase of emergenoy, and to be prompt to carry out their suggestions is a great thing — a very great thing — in our profession. I bay our, because I entertain tbe hope that you will permanently embrace it, and adorn it. That is well. Draw up her collar a little, so as to. hide that red ring that you have nude around her throat. Her features are quite composed again are they notF She might be asleep tor what anyone else could tell to the con trary, eh f 'She might, indeed/ responded Katinka, longing the while to pummel, with her clenched fists, that white and placid !*ee. 'I would like to make a pincushion of her, and for all the pins to be those long bonnet pins with the big black shiny heads/ she added bitterly. ' Yon shall be her liaadnuid during the voyage home, and I dare say you will have aa opportunity of indulging in some _ incenionB tortures, especially as she will be in irons, and so incapable of offering any resistance to your wishes.' ' Yes, I shall be able to spit in her faoe then, as she once threatened she wonld spit in mine/ ?Well, let the future provide for itself, for we have now to make the most of the present Throw open the window, Katinka, for the perfume that I had dropped into the chloroform has fat from overcome its natural smell, and it wouldn't do for the respectable Mrs Grimsby 1o get the slightest suspicion into her head that anything of that kind had been made use of. Bravo, that's capital, the cool breeze from the river has dissipated it almost already. Now, Katinka, take this handful of loose gold and form it into two piles over there— it will represent the handsome gift that she called here to bestow on her unfortunate compatriot. That'll do nicely. Now, last of all, discard your spectacles and summon a look of terror into yonr faoe, and a flood of tears into your eyes, and fetch Mrs Gfimsby. No, don't shut the window, leave it open. Sick people are supposed to want fresh air, and it will be better so.' Katinka obeyed her prompter in all things, and no sooner was she out of the room than Gretch hastily undid the front of the PrinceSB' dress, and thrust ing in & hand, possessed himself of the bank notes as fast as ever he conld clutch them, and drew them forth, thereafter stuffing them into his own pockets in greedy haste. ' I thought she was stouter than usual and I was sure I hoard and felt something crackle inside her dress as I carried her from the chair to tho bad. Oh, those dear crisp noted, how I love their music. I believe I've got the entire thousand pounds that I demanded of her.: What a puy 'tis that I can't stay in Lon-' don long enough to change them into gold, and so do tbose lufornel Jew usurers at St. Petersburg out o£ their scandalously heavy commission. How ever, it is not to be thought of; no, no, no, it is not to be thought of, for safety is belter than gold — oh. yes.' Such were Police- Major Gretch's con gratulations, regrets, and reflections, as he hastily refaatened the four or five buttons of the unconscious Fedora'B dress again, and this was barely accomplighed when Katinka swept into the room, clcsely followed by Mrs Grimsby, who was wringing her fat podgy hands, and carrying on at a great rate. 'This is a Terj sad thirg, Madam/ said Grelch, with a solemn shake of the head. ' Believe me that I deeply regret its occurrence. But at the same time, I believe that with absolute quiet, and perfect rest, very little danger to life or health is to be feared. It is the necessity for one so delicately nurtured to remain amidft all this squalor and poverty that chiefly distresses me, for I fear it would bo fatal to move her.' 1 Oh, dearie me, what shall I do, and what will her husband the Count say when he comes to know all about itf He will discharge me from his Bervioe on the spot, I make no doubt, but it isn't my fault, for she would come to this horrid place.' This from Mrs Grimsby, who seemed to be in quite as great anxiety about herself as she was concerning her mis tress: 'Of crarBe yiu know on what a heavenly and charitable mission her Highness did come hither F' retorted the Police-Major, but he did not go on to explain what it waB, because he wanted to draw from the excited woman that she really knew about the matter in erder that he might raise his superstructure of plausible fiction upon snob, facts as she was already acquainted with. CHAPTEE XLVIH. ' NOW WE MUST GET THIS OKE AB01JID THE IV1N ' Mrs Grim»by, clever woman of the world though she was, fell into a trap at oncfl. r ' Oh, yes.' slid she, ? I kaow what she fame here for. It was to relieve distress. Otic, told me that she had reoeived a begtiug letter, and if all that was said in it vrts true that is was a very pitiful case, but that there was often so much fraud in those petitions that she always made a pomt of investigating them personally. And she said she shouldn't tell her hns bsnd what she intended doing, because the parties iived in a locality where he'd be afraid she'd catch fever or amall-pos, and bo perhaps wouldn't let her go, wliich was why she brought me, for Bhe wu Afraid to come alone.' ' That she believed in the genuinenesi of my tale and the reality of our poverty is endaneed by the ^onerous offering that you behold on that table/ said Gretoii pointing to two little piles of .gold. Then h. added with s sigh, whilst Katinka stood sobbing in «,' comer— ? What she believed I'm sure you will not refuse to believe, madam. I am a humble.compstriot And fellowoountry man of. Her, Highness, A month ago I was a phyiiman of high standing' in St. Petersburg, but. JWsely,, suspected of being a Nihilist I was driven into exile, whilst all my wealth was seized by the State*' 'Well, sir, I'm awfully glad that you're a famous doctor, became that being the cue you can toll exactly what's tun . matter , with Her ? Highness, my mistress and /what had belt be iati», for I'm sure' I don't know more than the babe unborn, though if there's anything to be made up, and yon'Jl .write oat the prescription, I'll run to the nearest druggist and get it prepared at once/ It was just the sort of answer Greteh had angled for and expected, bnt .be responded with a solemn shake of the head— ' There Is no medioine in the world, my good woman, that wonld do her any good Its a case of catalepsy.' 'Cat what, sirF I declare I never heard of that disease in all my born days.' ', ' You have heard of a trance, I dare say. Well, it's the same thing. 'She's in a trance.' ' What, air, the same as Lady Mount Edgeeombe was in, when they thought hat dead and buried her and the sexton. brottgnt her to life again by opening the : -S$8in and biting ofTher finger' inoraer tp steal a diamond ring that fitted it too tight to be got at any other way.' ? I never heard of that case, but this iB . doubtless a very similar, though I have; reason to belier* not so (even a one. I, have hopes that it may not last more' than twelve hours at the most, but as her prolonged absence from home will doubtless cause her husband th» keenest anxiety, I really think he ought to be told all about the matter, and to' be brought here. Her Highness' perfectand speedy restoration would be much more certain if she could behold Borne one whom she knew, and loved by her side when she first. recovered consciousness. You are the best person to bring him/ ' Dearie me, he U be ready to snap my head off before I've let half of it out. He's a mighty- passionate gentleman is the Count. Besides, what shall I say brought it on f He'll want to know the whole facto of the case, and I don't know half of them/ ' The facts are very simple, but gnat calamities are sometimes born of tri£«f . A. large rat jumped out of that hole in the floor right upon the PrincesB' lap. The rats are. very bold ' and free in thu old house, snd seem to hare no tea whatever of human beings See, there is the head of one now.' 'I think I'll start at once,' exclamed Mrs Grinwby, burning very p»le; 'yes, I'll be off at once. Oh, that was what gave her the cataslepsy, was it P I'm sure I aren't a bit surprised. I do believe I might have gone off the same way if I'd been in her place. I'll bring her husband, the Oount, to h«r, sir, as soon as ever I can, and you needn't fear bnt he'll come on the very wings of the wing, as the saying is. I shall tell him that I saw the rat jump on her lap, sir, for I wouldn't have the Count know that I'd left my dear mistress for a single instant alone, in a place like this and amongst strangers ; no not for all the world, and please Bot.to say anything to the contrary, sir, when he arrives, as you would avoid doing an irreparable injury to a poor lone widow woman which is myself. What might Tour own name be, sir, Bhould the Count happen to ask it f ' ' Dr. Loreck,' responded Gretch, aa a bright inspiration suddenly seized him. ? Tell the Count that it is his old ac quaintance, Dr. Loreck, whom his wife c&me; to see and to relieve. And now, taj good woman, pray go at once, for tbo sooner that Oount Ipanoff is by his wife's side the better. My dauchter (hull conduct you to the door. You are not afraid to traverse streets of this class alone, I hope f ' ? Lord Jove you, no. Not a bit of it. Why, I was born and reared in Belgrave ttreet, just across the Commeroial-road, Bo its my native hair, as I may say/ So Katinka saw Mrs GrimBby out of the house, and when the returned to her accomplice he said to her— ? That woman will unconsciously play into our hands most thoroughly. And now we must get this one aboard the Katinka's eyes blazed with a fierce light, and she responded with bitter malignity ? Yds, we will get this one on board tbe Ivan, and then we shall at all events be sure of her/ They turned the dirty counterpane and the blanket that was beneath it over her faco and form, and then rolled her round inside both until she was engirt within several folds, and swathed like a mummy. Then they gave a twist and a wring round to so much as was above her head, and beneath her feet, thereby making convenient handles to graap, ' Now. for your hat and tloak, Katinka/ said the Police-Major pilmly. ' I shall want neither. They would only incommode xaj xnorementSt and whatever the weather maybe outside I ?ball not frel it. for I seem to be burning with an inner fire.' ' We will trust to tbe waves that ire are sure to ship at the Nore whilst signalling the gun-boat to put that fire out,' iaughed Greteh. ' Sow you take hold of the feet end, and with, tnem yon shall go down the ladder first, whilst I'll follow after with the head and shoulders, and so ease you as much of the weight as ? Stop a minute. I'll run first and open the door. Then we shan't have to let the body down to do it/ She started off, but wu back again almost as soon as she was out of the room. Then they took the unconscious Princess up and bore her away aa un resistingly as though the had been a bale of merchandise. Nevertheless, it was no easy task to get hor down the long and almost precipitous step- ladder. Katinka once suggested that they should simply drop her down, and pick her up at the bottom, for she would have rejoiced rather than otherwise at the breaking of one or other of the Princess' limbs ; but Gretch would not hear of such an action for the fall would be sure, he.thonghtv to nston her to conscious ness, and then her shrieks of mingled terror and pain would in all probability alarm the neighborhood. .More than once all three of them nearly went to the ground together, yet nevertheless it was at last reached in safety, and then the worst part of {he jonrney was over, for the way now lay straight through the shipyard to the wet dock, which wasn't more than a hundred yards distant Lights twinkled from many windows in the line of tall old houses which they had left behind, and the clock that was set high in the tower of Limehouse Church seemed to gleam down upon them like a full harvest moon, but the realm that they had entered upon was solitary and deserted, and naught was to be heard but the lapping of the water sgaihet the shore, and now and then the. whistling of the rising wind. iMsny obstacles were still in their way that bad either to be clambered ovor or circumnavigated, and had not Gretch been a very strong man some of them would have presented serious hindrances, for of course Katinka's share of tbe burden was very light in comparison with his. Files of wood, rusty chains and anchors, broken up or slowly rotting boats, cranes, sawpits, and so forth, were all, however, at but passed, and the little wet-dock reached in which floated the transformed Ivan the Terrible. The Police-Major gave a low whistle, and, without anyone becoming visible, a plank was run out from her. deck to the shore, and evidently held steady by un seen hands. 'You go first/ said Gretch, in low tones, and Katinks' obeyed; so that in another second the floating' hell had re oeived half her cargo. The plank was at once drawn in, and two or three figures now became dimly distinguishable in the gloom. ?Which is itf asked one. ' The woman/ anBwered Gretoh, * I shall want your help to take the other.' Then their voices dropped until even Katinka conld not make out what else was said. BattheboUoqny was a very shot one, and was terminated by some one obserr ? Yes, you may carry her forward. Here is the key of the hatch., and this one un locks the fetters. Peter, tube the dark lantern, you fool/ The last words were addresed to some one by somebody who had struck a matc'i and lighted a naked oandle, which ne con cluded his speech by blowing put. Half a minute later, however, and it gleamed within the receptacle tiiat he had in., dicated, and tbe man uttered a surly ? Follow me' as he crept on with it. Greteh and Katiska immediately did as they were invited, ian9 their, burden swung, between1 them las. : they still sus tained it by the twisted ends of the bed clothing. Fast tbe Bloping runnel and along the short fore deck, and they came to a stumpy ^raised forecastle, with a lov ?nhed.dpprway leading thereinto. : ! -._ Their guide inserted the key in lbs lock, turned it, pushed the door open, and stooping low passed in, and squatting down inside threw the light of his lamp around the horrible den. It was about nine feet long and nevoi- wide, but its height could not have been more than five feet, and the space w.m almost entirely taken up by two Jjunks at berths, which extended -along the sides with just a two feet width of passage down the centre between them. There was neither scuttle, window, nor skylight to illumine this floating dungeon, the walls and roof of which seem to be of sheet iron, whilst above eaoh of tho berthB was a great iron ring sustaining two chains, terminated by other rings which were evidently made to open and then to close around human wrists and snVles. Katinka's eyes lighted up with ferocious joy as sbe took especial note of theBe surroundings, which cite did after they had deposited the still nnoonsoiovM Princess in one of the berths, rolling her out of her suffocating swathinga as un ceremoniously and brutally as though ehe lifld been » log of wood. It was an actual block: of wood that they thon thrust under her head for u pillow, and & minute later one of the iro ?. rings had been fastened and locked around her ankles, and the other around her wrists, whilst nothing had sbe to lia upon except the hard planks that formed the bottom of the bunk. ? Do you think that he— the man she dotes on — the murderer of Vladimir Garishkine— will be lying in that other by the time that she recovers her senseBF' asked Katinka then of Greteh. ' He most certainly will, for we dare not let her regain her senses until we are beyond the possibility of her screams doing ns any damage. Here, Katinka, is the chloroform bottle and the. handker chief. ' You must remain locked ' in here as her attendant, and at the slighteBt token of returning reason you must drop the soaked handkerchief over her mouth and nostrils. We will iesve jon the bull'6-eve lantern, and should you hear any noise on board don't be terrified, for it will only be tbe engineer and the stoker getting np the . fires in . the furnaco for our flitting/ ? I shall he alarmed at nothing. Mind there aro enough of you to make Count Loris' capture certain/ ' Have no fear of th&t;, for we shall be six to one. Gcod»bye for tho present, Katinka.' ( To he continued.) 