ALONE ON A WIDE, WIDE SEA. Bx W. CtAfiK ltBSSKr.L, Author of "A Sea Qaeen," "Tlie Golden Hope," "The Wreck of me Grosvenor," "i'Ue Death Ship," " My Danish Sweetheart," &U.;, &«. CHAPTER XL T AM SUPPLIED WITCT CI.OTITEG. " I did not think," said Mrs. Lee, when wo were alone, " that Mrs. Webber had so good an opinion of herself. But she is well meaning, and she will be useful to you." "Do you think her imagination will help me?" stud I. "Until yonr memory returns," she answered, " what could Bhe tell you that you would be able to say yes or no to? But let her question you. On a dark morning without a compass one can never tell in what quarter the day will break," At this moment Captain Ladmore arrived on deck, and he immediately- joined us. . " I hope, tnadame," said he, addressing mo, " to have the pleasure of seeing you at tho saloon table to-day." "You are extremely good," I answered, "but I do not feel eipial to sitting at tho saloon lablo. ;The privacy of my cabin and the society of Mrs.| and Miss Lee, whenever they will endure me, are all that I wish. Besides, I cannot forget" I faltered and was silent. " "What cannot you forgot?" said ho gravely.; "I am not a passenger," said I, looking down. " What is in your mind when you pronounce the word passenger 1" he asked. A passenger is one who pays," I answered, " How do you know that?' said he. " I know it, said I, after thinking a little, " became Miss Lee told me that her mother had hired the cabin for the round voyage." "Ha he exclaimed, exchanging a look with Mrs. Lee. " Well!" he continued, slightly smiling, "you will consider yourself a pas senger who does not pay. You are the guest of the ship. Homo ships are hospitable and I liberal hostesBeB, and the owners of the Deal Castle would wish her to be one of them. Do, pray, be perfectly easy on that score." I bowed my head, murmuring, "Thank you." I " There is one consoling part to be borne in mind,"said he, addresaingMrs. Lee, "one fact that should tend to console and soothe this lady; it is this- she is single. She might have been a married woman, driven by disaster from her husband, and. wqrso still, from her , children. But put it that she has parents-it may not be so; who can toll that) ner parents are living? But to bo sundered from a mothor and a father to whom in tlw course of time one is certain to return is not lilco boing torn from one's children. This is a consideration to con sole you, Miss C." "Do nob ory," said Mrs. Lee,. taking my arm. "I fully agree with the captain. Only think bow it would' be, if,- instead ol being single, you were a mother, cruelly oud strangely taken away from your children. At this point Sir' Frederick Thompson,'Who had been intently surveying ns ftom the other side of the deck, approached. Ho bowed, and lifted a little white wideawake. " I beg patdon for intruding," said ho, " but I should like to ask this lady a question." "If it refers to anything that is past, Sir Frederick," exclaimed Captain Ladmore, "I fear she will not be able to satisfy your curiosity." "There's no curiosity," said Sir Frederick, "it's-merely this, when I was Sheriff, Lady Thompson and me-for my poor wife was then living-were invited to the bouse o,f Lord " and he named a certain nobleman; "and I remember that at supper I sat next to his Lordship's sister-in-law, Lndy Looey Cal thorpe, whose father was the third Earl " and here he pronounced the name of another nobleman. "What I wanted to say is that this lady is the very h'imoge of Lady Loooy, excepting that Lady Loooy 'adn't white 'air. Now, ma'am," said be, addressing me, "of course you're not Lady Looey; but you might be a relative, for Lady Loooy had several sisters and a great number of oousine." " I do not know who I am," she answered. " How long ago ib it eince you Eat beside Lady Lucy Oalthorpe at supper, Sir Frederick?" asked the captain. "Why, getting on for two years and an art." " And you remember her distinctly enough to enable you to find a likeness to ner in this lady?" " God bless you, captain, yes. If it wasn't for the white 'air I should say that this lady was Lady Loooy herself." *' IsCalthorpe tl)e family name of the Karl of -said Mrs. Lee. "Certainly, it is," answered Sir Frederick, " van wilt|find it in the peerage." The lady's initials <fce said the cap tain. - , Sir Frederick strpefe .the.palm ©t his hand J with his clench&d; and his -Ufctlo eroB" shone triumphantly as he said, "I'd like to make a bet, captain, that you've had the honour of preserving the life of a Calthorpe. Bach a likeness a* I see is only to be found in families. "The accident of the lady being on board the French brig is. accounted for, said the captain, eyeing me thoughtfully ana earnestly. 'She was rescued oat of an own boat, fiat where did th&t; boat oome from f" "Would not Miss C's handkerchief, the handkerchief, you spoke of, Captain Ladmor& that has her initials-would it not' be mnrlrwi with something; more than initials if she had rank?" said Mrs. Lee. " I cannot tell,"answered Captain Ladmore. "What should a Biraple sea captain know of suoh things ?" "Ilje h "aristocracy," said Sir Frederick, "mark,their linen all,ways. I'm h'abla to speak with authority. At a Mansion 'Ouae hall a. friend picked up an 'andfcerchief, a beautiful lace 'andkerchief, and brought it to J my poor wife. The word Fanny was worked in the comer, and that was my, wife's name, and he thought the 'andkorclrief was 'ere. But it . didn't belong to 'er at all. It was the | property of Lady --, whose 'usband 'ad beep | rawed to the peerage in the preceding year. There wm no coronet on that 'andkerchief" I Observing that I was expected to speak I I exclaimed, ''The uameaSir trader ick mentions I suggest nothing to me." VWell, h'all that I can say is,*' exclaimed '. Sir Frederick, ." that the likeness is absolutely Btartling." He again lifted his little white wideawake, and crossing the deck joined a. group of pas sengers with whom ho entered into conversa tion. " There is nothing for it but to wait," said Captain Ladmore. ' II your name wet© Calthorpe," said Mrs. Lee, "surely the utterance of it would excite some sensations, however weak, in your mind." .' One should say so," remarked the captain. "I fear," said I, with much agitation, " that if I were to see my name fully written I should not know it. And yet it ib strange 1" " What is strange?" asked Mrs. Lee. " You will not think me vain for repeating it. There can be no vanity in a poor miserable outoast such as L But I remember that one of the people of the French brig, the young man, Alphonse, who had been a waiter, and who had attended upon a great many English people-I remember him once saying he was persuaded that I was a woman of title, or, if not a lady of title, that I belonged to the English aristocracy. I cannot imagine why he Bhould have thought so." "Well," eaid the oaptain, smiling at Mrs. Lee, 41 it may be that we have preserved the life of tlie daughter of an Karl, or, better still, of a Duke. Any tiling higher we must not ho?e for. But enough for the present at all events that Miss C. should be a fellow creature in distress." And with a bow that seemed to have gained something in respectfulness, but nothing in kindness, he walked away. . . Tbe lunoheon bell rang, and we desoendsd into the Baloon. Mrs. Lee begged me to join the company at table. "I will ask the steward, she said, "to find you a place next to my daughter." But I entreated her to excuse me. "I do not like to show myself in company ?with this bandage on,"I.said, "and I leal weak and shy, and my talk I fear is often childish. I hope to join you in a few days and thus speaking I put her daughter's hat and shawl she had lent me into her hands, and made my way to sny berth. When I entered my berth I eat down to rest myeelf and reflect. I felt weary. The fresh air had rendered me somewhat languid, and I bad overtaxed my strength witb the several conversations I had held with one and another J onthe poop. Iaaid to myself, can it be that j the-little man with the fur on, his ooat is. right? Ib my name Calthorpe,' and am I a' lady of. title, and ia' my houie actually in England ? And then I hunted in my mind for an idea to help me, but I found none. I groped ' as it were, with my inner vision over the thick black curtain that had descended upon my pasfe but nothing, no, uot the moat phantasmal outline of recolleotion glimmered upon the sable folds of my mind.. The cries of my heart wero unanswered. No echo was returned from the dreadful silent midnight that hung upon my spirit. I looked upon my naked hands; I drew forth my purse, and for the twentieth time gazed at it and at the money in it; I ex amined tbe pocket handkerchief, and mused upon the initials in the corner, and whilst-. I was thus occupied Mrs. Richards entered with my lunch. _ " I was sure," said she, " you would wish V> remain private for some little time yet, I hope I have brought you what you like. This red wine is Burgundy. Mr. McEwan bade me give it you; he says it is a very feeding wine. And what do you think I have just heard V" " I cannot imagine," said I. ?"Mis. Webber stopped mo as I was passing through the saloon and aaid, 'What do you think, Mrs. Richards? Sir Frederick Thompson believes he has found out who Miss 0\. is. And who do you think he says eho is?' 'I do not know, madam,' said I. 'A. Cal thorpe," said she. * What is a Calthorpe V said 1\. 'A. Calthorpe,' she answered, 'is a member of one of tho oldest families in England. lh« IJarlof is a Calthorpe,- and Sir Frederick finds an extraordinary likeness between Miss C. aud Lady Lucy Calthorpe. He is quito satisfied that die is not Lady Luoy bars elf, because her ladyship's hair is brawn not white, but ha is wilpng tobet she is a Calthorpe.-' ' As for tbe hair being white,' «ud I, - if Miss C. is Lady Lucy Calthorpe she has undergone quite enough to change' the colour of-her hair. But how could Sir^Frederiok,' aud I, * be sure of her with a bandage on? 'Well, he ia ante,' said Mrs. Webbor, * sure I mean that she is a Calthorpe,' and this was all that passed. The passengers were taking to their plaoes and I came away. WhatdoVou think? " Do not ask ine, Mrs. Bicharts ; I am on-, able to think." " Poor dear ! Let ma pour yon out a glass of wine. It will be strange if you should prove a lady of title. And why should you not be a lady of title? You haye the appearaceof one. The moment I saw you I said td myself-and! said it to myself before X beard your story 'though she has ooine out of a nasty little brig I can seo that Bhe is a born lady.' Do you know that you have loTt your oap behind you V 'It is in Mrs. Lee's cabin," said L ? ' Try and'eat your lunob," exolaimed the etewardeRBB, " and after lunob, if I were yon, I would lie down and endeavour to got soma sleep." I passed the afternoon alone. I lay iti my bunk, unable to read, dozing a little, ana, when I was not dozing, struggling with recol lection, and often with fits of norror and despair dreadful as madness. Some -time near S the stewardess looked in to say that Mrs. Webbor wished to visit me. . She was anxious ? to hare * quiet chat. Would I receive her. I answered no. I should require, I said, to feel much better to be able to endure a quiet chat with Mis. Webber. " She asked me to give you this book," said Mrs. Richards. "She said she bad marked which she would like yon to read." ' I took the book, and when Mrs. Richards was gone I languidly opened it and found that . it was a'eoiitictioti ofvfereea .written .by-'Elfaww '? Webber, and dedicated "to my husband. Leopold Webber, Esquire." Two paces were dogseared, and one of them oontainea a poem called the " Lonely Heart," and the other a, poem called "The Lonely-Soul." I tried to raid these verses, but could not -understand them.' The]; jingled' unmeaningly though nob unmusically in a melanoholy key. " Why do they tease one vtith such staff? I said to ray sel£ putting the book down. . _ At wind had increased during the afternoon,' and the ship was leaning over with steep decks which reminded me. of the French brig, liuti how different was her motion as''.she rose stately to the seas, every massive heave of her ' satisfying; and inspiring one with its suggestion of victorious power. 1 felt that the snip was rushing through the water; There Was a> peculiar tingling throughout her frame, as though she was thrilled from end to end by the sting. and. hiss, of the milk- white brine which poured from either bow, and raoed in hills along her side, again and again clouding my cabin window with a leap of seething: dazzle, the blow and dissolving roar of which fell like a thunder-shock upon the ear. But for my unwillingness to meet the pas sengers I should' have gone on deck. I felt a sort of madness on me that afternoon. It came and went, but when the feeling was upon ma I craved for the open air, for the sweep and trumpeting of the- wind, for a sight of the great ship hurling onwards, for a sight, too, of , the warring waters; and at these moments £ said to myself, I will not go on deck'now and meet the passengers; I will wait until the darkness comes; I will wait until the peoplu are sleeping; ana the silence of the Clumber of many is upon tbe ship as it was last night and. then I will steal on deck And ease the ?? torments of my sightless mind hy blending my thoughts with the dark, picture of ship and white-peaked setts and rushing black-winged sky; and this I will -do in Bome obscure corner . of the ship where I shall not be seen. , But when the insorutable horror, the insup portable agitation which drove me into tlua I resolution- of going on deck at midnight had passed, I shivered and stealthily wept, tor then I seemed to see an awful shadow, a menacing , shape of darkness, - crouching and skulking - behind my impulse-a speotre of self-murder, whose first step itjwould be to impel me on deok in tbe darkness of the night, and whoso nexb step after I should have stood lonely for some time on deck, would be to tempt me to leap ' overboard into the ooean grave where my memory lay! Yes, there could be no doubt that I was a little mad at intervals during that afternoon, and one cause of these fits of horror ' and despair, and of the desire to mingle my spirit with the wild oommotion outside, and to pass out of myself into the starry freedom of I the Wowing ocean-night, lay in a sort of dumb I blind anguish that racked me when tbe cloud ing of my cabin window by the passing foam oaxried my thoughts to tbe speeding of the ship ' through these*. Though 1 knew not from tvliato or where, yet I seemed to feel with God knows what muteness, and blindness, and faintnessof instinct, that I was being bome away-that wherever my. home might be, from it -I was being swept.' JTeeling, indeed, was no more than seeming; I could be sure of nothing; thought was absolutely indeterminate; never theless there was a secret movement in my dark mind that goaded me as though the tooth of < something venomous, - unreachable, and ' unconjecturable was subtly at work within me. . But having fallen into a Bbort doze I awoke calm, and then I resolved that I would not go on deok that nigbt for I feared if I should be -visited whilst on deck and in darkness by such moods as had tormented me throughout the afternoon I should destroy myself. Some dinner was brought to me by a very civil under-steward, who stated that Mrs. Riohards WEB too. busy to attend upon me, but - that she, would be having- occasion to call upon me later'on.- Being'witbout the power of com paring, I was unable'to understand how fortu nate I was in having- fallen into the hands of such a. man as Captain Frederick Ladmore. I did not imagine that other captains would not i:se me equally well; indeed 1 never gave that view of the matter a thought. I ate and drank, and accepted all the kindnesses whioh were done me as a child might, and yet I was grateful, nd the tears would Btand in my eyeB when I (at alone and thought of what had been done for me; but my gratitude and my appreciation were not those of a person whose faculties are whole. Tbe under-steward had lighted the lamp, and when he fetched the tray I got into my bunk and sat in it and asked myself all the questions which occurred to me. I then arose and took the glass from the cabin wall, and returning to my bunk, fixed my eyes upon my refleotion. It may be, I thought to myself,, that I do not know who I am, because ever since I returned to conseiousneBS my face has been obscured and deformed by sticking plaistorandabandage. If I remove the bandage I may know myself. So I took the bandage off and looked. The lint dressing came aivaji with tbe bandage and exposed the injury, and I saw that my right eyebrow waa of a pale red, with a long dark scar going from the temple to above tho bridge of the nose. The hair on tbe brow was entirely gone, and my face having but one eyebrow; uada wild; odd, foreign look I also pfereeived that my. nose,- where it waa indenWd botwixt the'brow and the bridge, w<ur- ;' injured. It was-necessary to:view myself ini ' profile to gather tbe'extdht of "this injury, and- ' this 1 could not do, having bnt one glass. " 1 Then I said to myfeelf, it may-be that I aoi. disfigured beyond recognition of my own eyes. In theease of my face it is not my memory that is at fault. Calamity and horror of mind ' have ravaged my face, and I do not know my- . self. If my face was now -as- it had been prion to the dieaster that has blinded . my mind ' -and rendered me the loneliest woman in tha world, the eight, of it ..would give.baok .lny memory. I continued to gaze at my refleotion in the mirror. I then readjusted the bandage, hntig up the glass and resumed my seat in ray bunk. ' ' I was sitting motionless with my eyes rooted to the deck when the door was vigorously thumped and thrown open, and Mr. MoKwait entered. He stood awhile looking at me, swaying 'on wide-spread feot to the move ments of the ship, and then exclaimed "I thought as mnch. But it won't do.' Yell hare to come out of this." I looked at him; "And you've been meddling with yonr bandage. Did not I tell you to leave it atone? Oh, vanity, vanity! is not thy name woman Z Did ye want to see how mnoh beauty you've lost? Come to the light that X may see what you've been doing to yourself." He undid the bandage and said, "Well, it's mending apaoe it'e meudincr apace. Another day of that wrap* and you shall have my permission to appear as you are." He then with an air of roughness but with a most tender hand, bound roybrow afresh. "Now, MiesC.," said he-"but am I to cal? ye Calthorpe* half the ninnfes are swearing- 1 that's your name, on no better authority than the dim recollection of a little old man'who would swear to a dnoal-likeness in aoook's mate if by so doing be cDuld find an excuse to air his acquaintance with the nobility-what I wane to-say is this, I'm your medical adviser, and T desire to see ye with some memory in your head, that the captain may bh able to send you. Jiome. But if you intend to mope about in this Bitting in yon bed and glaring at vasanoy -as though the (physical faculty ot memory was a ghost, capable of shaping itself out of thin air. and of rudhipg into your body with a triumphant yell,:.then it's my dijty to tell you that instead of; your memory re visiting its old haunt, the ghost or two of sense that still stalks in your brain will make a bolt o't, leaving ye clean daft. Ye understand mei" " I do not," eaid I.. "Do you understand me when I say you must get out of this cabin?" ""Ses." . V Do yon understand me when J say that yoi» must mix with the passengers^ take your place \- at the saloon table and humanise ^yourself 'into the likeness of others by conversing, listening to the piano pUyin^i walking tlid dectc, sad surveying: the beauties of the ocean* Do you understand that?" "Yes,"«aid li m> " You look frightened. There's nothing to be afraid of. But you must do what you're told, or how are you to get home?" "I will do anything," I oried, passionately, " that will eive me back my memory." " Very well," said he, " to-morrow you shall begin. To-morrow you must become a passenger :ind cease to be a stowaway. Why, only think of what your mind may be meessing. The saloon dinner tables are stripped, there are people amusing themselves at cards and cliesB, and there is a young lady at the piano singing like a nightingale. She is singing a beautiful Scotch song, and the singer herself is a beauti ful woman, and how am I to know that there may not be a magic, leagues out of sight of my poor skill, to touoh, to arouse, to give life, colour, and perfume to that delicate flower of memory which you believe lies dead in you ?" I started up. " I will go and listen to the singing." " No, rest quiet here for this evening. Take your night's rest. You shall begin to-morrow. I'll send Mm. Richards to sit with ye. _ You shan't be alone. . And now d'ye know, MissC., for all your scared looks, you're better than ypu were when I opened the door juBt now. Good night." He spoke abruptly, but ho grasped my hand kindly, and looked at me with kindness and sympathy in the face. The moment I was alone I opened the door and put my head out to hear the voioe of the beautiful young woman, whoever Bhe might be, who was singing in the saloon; but either the. song was ended' or the music was inaudible down in this part ot the ship where my cabin was, for instead of the tonea of a beautiful young woman rising and falling in a sweet .Scotch melody, I heard the grumbling accents of four men playing at whist at a table at the forward end of the steerage. The movements of the ship were , indicated by the somewhat violent oscillations, of the lamp under which they sat, four bearded men holding cards. 1 was about to withdraw my head when I observed Mrs. Richards coming along the steer age. She bore a large bundle in her arms, un der whose weight sne moved with difficulty,; owing to the rolling of the ship, and she.oame direotly to my cabin. " Here it is," Bhe exclaimed, lotting' the bundle fall upon the deck; "how heavy good underlinen is! It's the rubbish that's light), though it looks more, and that's why it pays. Here, my dear, is quite an outfit for you. You may take them as gifts or you may take them as loans; that't as your pride shall decide. There's some," said sho, kneeling and opening the bundle, "from Mra._ Webber, and some from Mrs. Lee, and likewise a dress from Miss Lee, which she hopes will fit, and some from -and she named three other ladies among the passengers. The collection was indeed an outfit in its way. There was no essential artiole of female attire in whioh it waslaoking. '{The ladies," said Mrs. Richards,, "put their heads together, and one said she'd give or lend this, and another said she'd give or lend that; so here'll, be: enough to last you to Sydney, ay, and even home again." The good little creature's face waB bright with pleasure and satisfaction as she held up the articles one after.anotherforme to look at. '.'How am I to thank the ladies for their kindness?" said I. " By wearing the things, my dear, and in no other way do they look for thanks," she answered, and then she proposed^ that I should put on Miss Lee's dress to see if it titt d me. It was of the right length, but tight in the chest, though it fitted me in the back. " You phftll shift the buttons," said Mrs. Richards, "and then it will fit you. I'll fetch my work basket and you shall make the alteration this evening, for the doctor only a little while ago told me that you are not to be allowed to mope in this cabin or you will go mad." She withdrew, and inafew minutes returned with her work-basket. She placed a chair for me under the lamp, put the dress and the work basket on my kn^e, and preserving her cheer ful smile bade me go to work. I believe she suspected I should be at a loss, and at a loss I certainly should have been had not the articles I required been Bet before me. Ioould not have asked for scissors, needle, thread, thimble, and the like, because I should not have been ablp to recollect the terms. nor the objects which the terms expressed, But.when I saw the, things my recognition of them coat me no effort of mind. I took them up in the order in which I required, tp use them, picking-up the. soissors and cutting off a button, then thread ing,a needle, then putting on a thimble, and all this I did as readily as though my memory, was. as perfect as it now is. Mrs. Richards watched me in silence. Presently she said, "Thero is no. reason, my dear, why you should not belong to a noble family, but I do not believe you are a lord's daughter. You ubb your needle too. well to be the daughter of a lord." " I do not dreian) that. I am the daughter of a lord," said I,;... "-.You migh} be. the daughter of a gentleman whose brother is a lord, and there may be reasons which.there is no accounting for,.until, your memory returns, why yon Bhould have been taught to use your needle. No nobleman's daughter would tbink.pf learning to sew. Why should Bhe? .She piifrht learn fancy work for lier entertainigei)t, .but ypur handling of tho. needle isn't thatofafanoy wprlteri I shouldn't be surprised if your father is a clergyman. There are in any clergymen who .belong to noble families; and do you know, Miss C., if you wore a wedding ring I should be disposed., to think that you (iad plenty of times mended. and made for little ones of ypur own. Why do I say this? Isit your manner of sitting? your way of holding the dress?.' What puts it into niv.head? I'm. sure I cant' tell, but there it is." She came and went whilst I was busy with the buttons of the jlrcss, and when I had made ^an end I put j^eTdraBB. on and it fitted: me. We then petfrem. uspaeked away the linen and other artioleBin «qme drawere in a corner of the oabin, and when this was done Bhe left aie And returned with wine and biscuits, and a glass of hot gin and water for herself, and for -an hour we sat talking. 