SESS jy&BM-bl; GZXSSSB ESI?£C3)£iI@Ij0 Outrage or accident, plofe or plan to suggest a plot, there can be so doubt that the.late explosion in a cellar o£ Dublin Casfcle will ba used by the enemies o£ Home Sule to its utmost detriment. Ifc is now reported to have originated with She dynamites of Chicago, ?which is certoialy bstfeer1 than hearing ib imputed to the Isiah. parfcy of either division in the House o£ CommoEOj oasuch outrages ueed to be, though Qvon at that the dam age must be much greater to the Irish causa than it appears to have been to Dublin Caatle. That of: course is put dowa aa providential, es ife also seems to have been a very close thing, eveti to the ' high official ' who is said to have left the blown-up apartment only two minuteo before, fl-a& certainly i£ there really was an explosion it is gratifying to know fchat nobody was hurt;. Oae is reminded of the refrain to that fine old ballad of ' Guy Fawkes, the Prince o£ Sinisters'-— That 13 he could have blows them up. If they only had! beea there, Sir. At the same time there is suck an ak o£ ouopiciofl about eveirything connected with that venerable edifice, 'the Castle,' that even a properly' authenticated otory o£ a veritable explosion in ? one o£ ifca cellcirs seema very mtioh like a ghost-story, proper enough to be associated at Christmas time with. £c.Qt-crutabling, crime haunted ruino. Or taking it ng a ts:ue story, ifc is clear that ' an enemy has clone thio thing,' dq^ v/hat bitterer, more unscrupulous enemy feo thd Irish cnuse than ' the Casfclo ' itGelf ? But how ever that may be, it is certain that what will doubtless be known in history as the great Gun cotton Plot will be quoted plentifully by English. Toriea aa anothei: instance o£ the plea sant methods o£! Irish politionl V7arfcre4 though ifc may fairly be boned,, in tho changed spirit of tho relations footweon tho two peoples, to little os no effect. It ia oi course quite possible fch&fi; the incident; may be the oufc* oome of the wild talk heard lately oi! a return to physical force, ' fcho weapons of doopaip ano! re venge,' &c.5; and if cio it shows the fearful respon sibility of those who for any purpose have joer nritfced themselves such language. la that case the crime will be with them, while for the true Irish party the feeling with aU honest friends of Ireland will only ba one of fresh sympathy foK such aa addition to their already cruel enough trials and difficulties 