THE SILENT SEA. By " Antaelo," Author of " An Australian Girl." BOOK III. CHAPTER IX. It was on the sixth day after her return from Colombo that Miss Paget heard the first rumour of Victor's abrupt departure for England or the Cape of Good Hope. Tbera seemed to be a difference of opinion as to his destination even among those who knew the moBt, and in tbe end she found that no one knew very much except by implication. It was at a garden party she heard tbe tidings— at the same house and near the self-same spob on which Victor three months before had charged her with inventing melancholy. Tbe entertainment was given in honour of a German nobleman who had travelled all over the Old World and the New, chiefly with tha result of proving that cosmopolitan dining did not impair bis digestion. The house was moderately hold, as we reckon age in Aus tralia, and the surroundings picturesque. The sea was quite near, and the grounds laid out in lawns, and numerous walks lined with Old world trees mingled with those of native growth. There were winding lanes almost buried in shrubs and creepers, and the daintily trimmed Iawn3 were sprinkled with dwarf yellow honeysuckles, scented verbena, daphue bushes, and many others of the perfume breathing kind. It was a warm day about the middle of December, and tbe sunshine seemed to extract their inmost essences from flowers and leaves.^ so that the air was loaded with perfume which in places might be too heavy were it not for the fresh, keen savour of the sea-breezes. Miss Paget, with her father and Professor Codrington, were among the last to arrive. " It is all the fault of the Delphin Ordon," she said, excusing herself to the hostess smilingly. "Oh, don't ask me what it is. I only know it is shelves of old books, over which old learned gentlemen cannot keep the peace." " But Professor Codrington is not as old as your father, Helen," returned the hostess, with a meaning smile, which made Miss Paget feel sure that already the pundit's mild infatua tion for herself was the subject of gossip; for it was a fact that his intimacy with Miss Paget opened the Professor's mind for the first ' time to the thought that to form the subject of equivocal odes in tbe dead languages was not woman's sole function. Tbere were over three hundred people present, not counting the large blonde Count, who wae the centre of attraction. Miss Paget, after chatting with a group of ladies near the hostess, passed on with her father and bis friend, talking to scores ef people, many of whom they saw for the first time since their return. There was a band playing, and on every side much talk and laughter. Miss Paget, in one of her most becoming gowns, and with a constant succession of smiles, did honour to the occasion. But any one observing her closely would have noticed an expression of anxious scrutiny, of enquiring observation in her face as she looked round her from time to time. Would Victor make his appearinoe perhaps to-day ? If not, she would at any rate Burely fail in with some one who could perhaps throw light on what was beginning to look like a mystery, and which, whether it was a mystery or not, filled her with insupportable apprehen sions. Victor's telegram, saying that he would be in town on the evening of the day she landed, had awaited her on reaching home. It had been sent after his telegram to her Jit King George's Sound. She looked for him to come on Saturday evening, after the arrival of the late north train. But he neither came nor sent. On Sunday sho made an excuse of not fcr-livc v.-r-ll. and stayed at home from Churoh, thinking L.e might turn up at any moment. Had something detained him at the mine? Or was lie ill ? Or—yes, she had said to herself repeatedly during the past few weeks that a certain change had come over Victor's letters : -and the thought was confirmed when she found that there was nothing beyond a telegram for her at the Sound. But then it was delightful that he should hurry down the very day she returned. And she resolved that she would show all the joy she felt. She would voluntarily shorten the tune of probation, and their engagement would be announced forth with—that is, if there was nothing wrong; and if there was She did not try to face the alternative. " I suppose I shall pull through somehow, "she thought, and the words fairly express the history of the succeeding days of strained suspense. She had shoals of visitors, and a rush of all sorts of social engagements. On the Tuesday ; succeeding their return her father spent hours with her arranging a list of the friends he wished to be asked to a succession of small dinner parties, to meet Professor Codrington before they went away to Port Callunga for their annual stay at the seaside. _ Though Mr. Paget thought that he was easily bored, his partiality for this form of entertainment in his own house, and under hie daughter's careful supervision, had up to this resisted the com bined inroadB of age, dulness, and monotony. There were the momentous questions as to the relations between certain people—as to the advisability of asking two men at onoe, other wise suitable, but whose wives conspired in being so immovably stupid that no party of ten could survive such absolute deadweights, &c.; ad infinitum. Then there was the even more important task of deciding on soups and entries and wines to suit the company. It seemed as if the disoussion would never, never come to an end. Yet Miss Paget did not flinch, though each time the doorbell rang, or the sound of footBteps passed the half-open door of the morning-room, in which this domestic conclave was held, her heart was in her throat with the question, " Is it Viotor?" " My dear Helen, why do you persist inhaving the door open ?" her father cried at laBt in a tone of irritation, seeing her eyeB fastened on it when there was a subdued murmur of voices in the hall. "It is almost the sole point in which you seem to betray your Australian origin." nursued Mr. Paget, who felt that the subject was serious enough to call for a digres sion from the point on hand. " Professor Codrington said only the other day that in your society he quite lost sight of your not being English-born." At another time Miss Paget would doubtless have indulged in some mental or audible remark as to the comic inability under which Professor Codrington, like the majority of the •deeply respectable British middle classes, laboured, of being absolutely unable to imagine people are civilized in a country not even mentioned in their parents' geographies. But just then she merely said, with the greatest meekness— " Did he, papa ? I am glad ; for I am sure it would worry him to have one different from the people he is used to. . . . But about the door. I would sooner have it a little ajar if you do not mind much. I find it so ■close; I seem to need more air these last few days—as if I had a little touch of fever." Mr. Paget involuntarily drew back. " I hope to goodness, Helen, you are not going to fall ill with ail these arrangements on hand. I wish you would let that maid who has been taken ill go to the hospital!" " I assure you, papa, that has nothing to do with it. It is chiefly my throat; it sometimes ails a little like this in the early summer. Her father resumed his suggestions and instructions, and Miss Paget did not allow her eyes to wander again towards thedoor, But when the conference was over she went out and took a cap off the nearest stand, and went into the •General Post-Office in the city, and sent a message to Viotor at the Golmar, "Have you been unable to leaved Please send an im mediate answer." That was all, besides her name and address. The reply came as they were leaving to go to the theatre. It was from the post and telegraph-master at Colmar, with whom Victor had been on very friendly terms, and the answer was, Mr. Fitz-Gibbon left here early on Friday morning." " Is that from any one unable to oome to •dinner to-morrow, Helen ?" said her father, -after they got into the oarriage. "Oh no, papa; it'e a mere bagatelle— nothing so important as that," she managed to say with a smile, and all the time her heart was throbbing like the throat of a singing bird. Oh, how leick she was of this double life, and of everything around her; the great situations in dramas, which produce an immense effect, and the small situations in life that make no outward change at all, and yet paralyse the very springs of action. On the next day, Wednesday, they had their first dinner party — seven' of their most intimate neighbours. Mrs. Tillotson was not among the number. Her daughter Jane had influenza, and the good lady was waging an «Ml<nMnniHA niutn ««f-lv ill a nnmQ ond on the subject of antipyrine, tending extracts to the patient out of the wrong magazines, and goading her son-in-law to desperation, by imploring him each morning at breakfast, and every evening at dinner, to have new and more enlightened advice as to the state of his lungs. " Yes, my dear, Jane, I am glad to say, is a little better. What it has cost me to save her from being the victim of antipyrine I would not like to tell you! However, I have the -consolation of having done my duty, and I am coming homo to-morrow," she Baid to Helen -when they met at the garden party on Thurs day, where here and there through the viBtas of shadowy foliage shimmering expanses of -the Southern Ocean oaught the eye. It was on a slight rise at the end of an elm avenue commanding one of these views that Miss Paget first caught sight of Mrs. Tillotson, sitting with another friend on a rustic bench under a big gumtree. " You must tell me all the news—you know how hungry one is for news after being away so long, said Miss Paget, who had been feverishly anxiouB to Bee Mrs. Tillotson, feeling sure she would be one of the first to hear if anything Btrange or unusual had happened to " Mrs. Fitz-Gibbon's boy." But she did not mention his name. fine made Helen sit down beside her, and drenched her with showers of vapid twaddle, or what seemed so to her listener, who was indeed tired to death of perplexity and doubt and wonder. Onoe or twice she essayed to say in a careless tone, •'I wonder whether Viotor Fits- Gibbon is still at the Mine;" but after saying "I wonder" she gave the sentence a new tarn, and the longer she delayed the more impossible it fceoame to utter the words without a violent effort or betraying too much emotion. All through^ the previous evening she had felt that she might at any moment step out of the room from her smiling guests into one adjacent to meet the tragedy of her life. . . . •' A tragedy only to myself, no matter what happens," she thought. To these people^ to every one else, it woidd be a story to smile and wink over. A woman of her years breaking her heart over aboyjuat out of his teens 1 She cherished no illusions—she did not spare herself—but this did not lessen the pangs she endured. She had oomeout to-day determined in some way to end the suspense—to ask any one or every one who would be likely to know. "But at least he has not been killed or bad a bad accident—there would be a paragraph in the papers," sbe said to herself, as the two old friends between whom she sat gossiped on, and she sat staring at some white-sailed boats on the blue waves at the end of the avenue, motionless as if asleep, with the shadow looking exactly like the substance, even to the tear at the tip of one of the sails. She knew the scene was one over which some people would rave as being very beautiful, but there was not a fibre of her nature that vibrated to its charm. It gave her rather a feeling akin to repulsion, almost one of helpless terror, like the presence of a great, serene, implacable foroe profoundly indifferent to the sorrows and destinies of human beings. She saw her father and Professor Codring ton walking towards a marquee, near which the band was playing. She thought of asking her two old friends to come u a devious direction towards the same oentre, on the chance of meeting some one who would know something of Victor, of meeting himself, perhaps. At that moment some words spoken between two ladies, who had met just behind the rustio bench on which she sat, caught her ear. "Gone away in a sailing-Bhipl Didn't he write to tell any one ?" "No, not a word. In fact none of us in town knew he had left the Mine till father heard from the captain—you know they oall the men who manage the mines captains. Ah, how do you do, dear? Isn't it too lovely? The band, and the views, and the Count—such a droll creature ! . . . I hear he speaks every known tongue." " Ah, the version I heard is that^he cats every known tongue, down to that of a iewlizard, and you know what used to be his waist is on my side of the story." Miss Paget had risen on catching the first words about one who "bad gone away in a sailing-ship." The speaker, as she bad divined by the voice, was Miss Stuart Drummond, talking to two or three other young ladies. The new comer was Mies Mason, fiancee of Viotor's elder brother. She caught sight of Mies Paget, and came forward to speak to her. " Doesn't the sea look exquisite just from this point of view ?" said Miss Paget, leading her a little away from the rest. She had not seen them, but a troop of seagulls opposite the avenue vista, circling widely over some booty of the wares with outspread snowy pinions and faint, complaining calls, gave a special point to the scene. Miss Mason, feeling she was expected to admire it all, made some polite remarks and then spoke of Colombo. Miss Paget must have enjoyed it very much, and then the getting home was always so nice. Wasn't it while she was away that poor dear old Mrs. Ridley died so suddenly?" " Yob, and do you know since I came here I heard a curious little rumour" "Oh, about Victor Fitz-Gibbon? Isn't it the most curious affair? but it can only be some whim, you know. There is nothing whatever amiss to account for it, as is so often the case when people go off like that, without saying a word to any one." Miss Paget had rightly judged that Miss Mason would know all there was to tell. She went over in detail all that had been learned, and what Lance said and thought. Victor bad written indefinitely of coming to town before Christmas. " We thought when he came down that he would be sure not to go back again, for after all it was a little absurd his going there at all. And now he won't be at our wedding." " It is to be soon ?" " In three or four weeks," answered the girl with a dimpled Bmile ; "and Victor was to be best man. Ob, I shall scold him 1 You know Lance is almost sure be must have written, and that the letters were somehow lost—perhaps entrusted to some ' sundowner,' like poor old Bertie Grayson's letters, when he wasn't heard of from that station beyond anywhere for monthB and months. As it is no one had a letter from him but the Manager of the Mine." The theory of lost letters was confirmed by Miss Paget's own experience, though she could not make use of the confirmation. But it did not seem to be much needed. None of his people were greatly disquieted, only amazed, and a little inolined to be vexed at him. "If his mother were here, you know Bhe would be distracted; but we others take it calmly enough," Lanoe Fitz-Gibbon explained to Misb Paget a few minutes later. "Bur I don't suppose it would have happened if the mater were at home," he added; "indeed, I sometimes think perhaps it was on account of some letter from her he went. I found out that the English mail had been delivered the day before he left. Only why go by a • - - 'i Pe" " tub of a sailing-vessel, and from Port Pellew? It seems as if the boy had determined on something, and wanted to avoid all the bother and fuss of talking it over with people." " He wrote nothing to you in a letter, then, or anything of that sort?" " Not a syllable. We didn't write to each other very often, you know. I had some idea of having an enquiry made, but uncle pooh poohed the thought, as everything was so clear —his letter posted to the Mine Manager, and his letters and cards left at the inn." _ It was more the anxiouB, questioning look in Miss Paget's faoB that made Fitz-Gibbon go over theBe details than any real anxiety in his own mind. She was at first too startled to adopt the explanation, supported by everything except direct proof. Afterwards it amazed her that she should in so short a time adopt the sugges tion that, strange as Victor's abrupt departure was( yet it afforded no reasonable ground for anxiety. Of her own special reasons for lying awake at night, and getting up restlessly before dawn kindled the sky, of growing pale and losing ber appetite, she was, of course, mute as the dead. On the second day after hearing the news Mies Paget horrified herself by going into a fit of violent hysterics for the first time in her life. The servants' wonder, her father's shocked amazement, and his insistence in sending for bis dootor, and explaining that his daughter had sobbed and cried at the pitch of her voice as she had never done in childhood— all were details full of such keen annoyance that for a short time she could think of nothing else. She took herself to task severely for succumbing too easily to those fears that had been in the background from the first. Henceforth, amid the conflict of her thoughts, she clung to the belief that Victor could not have gone as he did without some good reason altogether unconnected with her, and that no reason would have induoed him to go without writing to her. His letter was lost, and until further tidings oame she wonld not allow her fears and doubts to gain the upper hand. She bent herself resolutely to a disposal of her days that would leave no idle momentB. She gave more of her time to household duties, trying to win back some of the old girlish sense of elation in the perfeot order and complete ness of the household of whioh she was mis tress; going ofbener into the great bright airy kitcihen, with its tiled walls and floor of spot less parity, itB gleaming utensils of plated ware and copper and agate, and its wide range so perfectly adjusted that it would almost cook of itself. She supervised some repairs to the servants' rooms, with their pretty out looks, and flowers growing at the windows. She went now and then, as in olden times, for a chat with them in their sitting-room into which she had conveyed so many artistic knick-knacks, till some of her older friends solemnly warned her against making her ser vants' lives so luxurious that they would be unfitted for their own sphere in life. _ Had she ever undertaken anything in which some danger was not found to lurk 1 But allother dangers, real or imaginary, sank into insignifi cance compared to this, of finding her whole life {made waste and void by centring all its vital interests on an unrequited attachment. It was with a sort of vague terror of this that she took up her old pursuits with increased zeal and method. She went more frequently to charity meet ings^ visited the Destitute Asylum and the hospitals and the suffering poor with steadfast regularity. And then all during the first week after she learned the inexplicable tidings of Victor's departure there was the succession of dinner parties, which claimed so much attention. The stir in the household created by such par ties, the sound of beating and pounding the fragrant essences and condiments that impreg nated the atmosphere, the savour of roasts and joints, of sauces and dainty soups, often affected her with a feeling that amounted to nausea. But she went through all the duties of a careful hostess with relentless exactitude. She tripped down the broad stairs, shimmering in delicate summery fabrics, to await her guests, and said the right things at the right moment as seriously as if the dearest aim of her being was compassed when, on bidding her father good-night, he said, "Well, Helen, I think our little party went off very well." And, as a matter of fact, she tried very hard to make herself realize that in the midst of so much that was maimed and spoiled in the world through sheer poverty, the rich, flexible, delicately adorned aspects of life hod a distinct value of their own. And thus somehow time wore on till nine teen days had passed from the one on whioh Mibb Paget heard the news of Victor's departure. And now it was the second of January. She had for the first time evaded the annual sojourn with her father at Port Callunga—at least, for the first four weeks. It was possible for her to do this without in commoding him, because Professor Codrington bore him company, and the older and more experienced servants could be relied on to do everything for their material comfort. Their mental harmony must largely depend on their conclusions regarding the Cretio and tetrame ter- iambic metres. MisB Paget felt that the seclusion of Port Callunga, with its beautiful monotony and the unbroken loneliness of seashore would be more than she could bear, while she watched and waited for tidings, and counted the days till it would be possible to get a cablegram from Victor. The serious illness of one of the maids gave her sufficient excuse for staying at Lan caster House, and her father agreed to the arrangement with that docility which always characterized him when neitner his pursuits nor dinners were threatened by the vagaries of man or woman kind. "But about Mrs. Tillotson, Helen?" he said a lew days before his departure. "I would not like to say anything unkind; but without you to listen to her fears about her in vestments and her sons-in-law" "Of course Mrs. Tillotson stays with me, papa. "Why"—with a rising smile—"I am not quite sure that it would be proper for her to go with you and Professor Codrington, and all those reckless metres." _ Since she was left a widow six years pre viously Mrs. Tillotson had spent part of most summers with the Pagets at the seaside. But she, too, found reasons for being better con tented to stay just then at Lanoaster House, instead of going to Callunga. She had let her house furnished at an exorbitantly high rent to a newly enriched silver king, and she' wanted to keep an eye on the premises. Then Jane was really very delicate, though George would not or could not see it, nor take any steps to go away for part of the summer. But she, at least, had her eyes open, and would try to do her duty, and her duty was | not to be beyond reaoh, if Jane should want her. . . . As for Matilda, she was so taken up with embroidering altar-cloths and bo devoured with grief at the spread of " heresy" that a mere mother hardly counted in her life at all. . . . But George was more like a ghost than ever, and jif he really became one, no doubt Jane would remember that her mother waB still living. And then there were those Banjoewangie shares. She had implored Richard to put the last money that fell in from mortgages into something that would be quite, quite safe, and now, after paying auch high dividends, these shares were steadily going down. That was so often the way with mines after tbey had been worked for a little time. Mrs. Tillotson's first care each morning was to glance over the share-liBts in the daily papers, and her spiritB would rise and fall with the Banjoewangles in a way that Miss Paget would no doubt have found trying if she had not been partly oblivious of the matter. As long as her companion put in a sympathetic monosyllable now and then Mrs. Tillotson gently pattered on in the manner of an insensi tive, self-involved, garrulous woman who takes no impression from any personality foreign to her own. Each day furnished her with events, visits, and conversations that kept her in a gentle simmer of indolent activity. On the date mentioned the two sat on a verandah overlooking a shadowy part of the lawn at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, when Lanoe Fitz-Gibbon came in through' the Bide gate. On seeing him Miss Paget turned very pale. "You will be surprised at my errand," he said by way of preparing her, when she had stepped in with him to a morning room that opened on the verandah. She murmured something by way of reply, and (then he handed her a little note. The lines were wavering and uncertain, but not more so than her sight. When the letters ceased to dance before her eyes she read these words "Dear Helen—Can you come at once? The journey has knocked me up so much that Lance insists on my resting,—Yours, "Victor." " He is at the house in which I lodge, less than half a mile away," Fitz- Gibbon said, meeting her eyes as she looked up in hopeless bewilderment, after slowly reading this note the second time through. To get a hat and pair of gloves and a Bunshade, to excuse her absence to Mrs. Tillotson for an hour or so, and to find herself walking rapidly beside Fitz-Gibbon to his lodgings in Jeffrey- street was the work of a few minutes. On the way he told her all he knew. Four days ago a telegram oame to him from the Broombush Creek private hospital from Victor saying he was well enough to travel. He had started for the [diggings at once, and returned by the first north train that day. Viotor insisted on travelling straight through, and wished to drive to Lanoaster House direot from the railway station, which Fitz-Gibbon had prevented his doing by promising that he wonld at once bring Miss Paget to him. They had reached the honse before Miss Paget comprehended that the report of Victor's departure from Port Pellew was absolutely untrue — that be had heen hurt and lying in some place unknown to him for two weeks, acoording to the date of his admission to the hospital, whither he was taken by some person in a hawker's wagon. He had been unconscious for days in the hospital, and for days when he tried to explain where he had been and how he had been hurt, his talk was taken to be the delirium of fever. Indeed, he was not free from fever now. It would be better to post pone talking of the mysterious events, as far as possible, till he was stronger. They had telegraphed to the Mine Manager, and were going to put the matter in the hands of the police. Miss Paget listened as if she were walking in a dream. But amidst all the confusion and inexplicable mystery one thought rose up clear and beautiful as a star. His first anxiety was to Bee her. The weary, endless days of strained perplexity and harrassing uncertainty bad triea her more than she herself knew. Now it was as though a great load was suddenly taken off, but as if she were too weak and weary from the burden to feel greatly relieved. But soon Bhe would be rested, and able to rejoice that her dismal apprehensions and mistrusts were over and past. But eves as she waited in the drawing room, while Fitz-Gibbon went to tell Victor that Bhe had come, a feeling of exquisite happi ness stole over her. "Oh God, I thank Thee!—it is more happiness than I have dared to hope for!" were the words that rose in heart. The next moment she was following Fitz Gibbon into the room in which Victor was resting. 