THE ODDITIES OF CHINESE ACTING. Tho actor occupies a strango and anomalous position in tho Ohiucse social order, Whilo noting Iiis part upon the stage, tho character he essays lives again in him in tho estimation of his countrymen, and ho is for the whilo tho object of thoir admiration and applause. While pursuing his calling ho may administer, without fear of consequences, rebuko to emperor, king or viceroy. It is to tho keen satire and covert reflections of their actors that tho Chinese owo much of the reformation of Qbuses and tho righting of grievous official wrongs. But when off tho stage the actor is met by the barriers of ostracism. .Ho cannot mingle with his countrymen except those of his own calling. This custom goes so far as to prevent him from associating with his own family out3ido.of .hjs wife and children. The player, like a leper, ,is the Chinese outcast. ' ! i;».k ' Tho roles of Mongolian .drama oro anything but cosy to essay, Tho drama, tragedy or comedy, is. drawn only in outline, and to con form with it the Chincso player is required to compose his own part. Ho conceives the obaracter allotted to him. rind he voices, those sentiments which ho fools will not fail to receive the appreciation of his audience. Bombast and bravado are pleasing to Mongolian cars and are the rounds upon which the Chinese aotc'r climbs up tho ladder of popular appreciation to conic- flu on t fame. Although In our estimation the i Chinese aotor overdraws his part and would : he : treated to howls of derision if ho appearcd-on a otviltsed stage, yet he exhibits a keen apprecia tion, from tho standpoint of his countrymen, of the role ho essays. Visitors to tho Chinese theatres aro usually astonished to find that tho Mongolian is not a novice in tho art of imitation. Even genius is to bo found on tho Chinese boards. When it is considered that tho mechanical effects of the Chinese stago aro of an exceedingly crude order, the player is deserving of nil tho credit for keeping alivo in tho hearts of his countrymen thoir great love- of theatrical displays. The crudities of tho Chincso stage aro responsible for some very amusing incidents which aro ovidently not appreciated by Mon golian audionces. for instance, tho lack of a curtain 'frequently relieves a tragedy from a tinge of melancholy. It is not an infrequent spectacle on the stages of our local theatres to see tho victim of tho tragedy, who is supposed to be lying cold in death whilo the viotor is bombastically proclaiming his triumph, ooolly get up and walk into tho dressing room without the least attention being paid to him by the nudionco. In faot it was' only recently in Chinoso tragedy wlicro a good and wise king slew 10 rebellious generals by his own hand, that the slain nonchalantly arose from the floor and walked out. Of course tho Chinese do not see any violation of the proprieties in this, but such conduct on a civilised stage would of course turn the most thrilling tragedy into a sido splitting farce. Tho lack of sconcry and absence of curtain causo a juggling together of tho various parts of a play which require a very vivid imagination and a patient nudionco to iutolligcntly separate. Thcro is a considerable display of the natural about Chincso acting which serves to onshroud tho veriest tragedy in a light veil of comedy. For instance, should one of tho players' garments become disarranged or his grotesque head gear require firmer fastenings lie has thoso defects remedied in full view of the audience. An attendant steps out of the group which lines each side of the stage like a chorus and performs the necessary task. The play meantime is sus pended until matters are satisfactorily arranged. Tho orchestra in tho interval hammers away at an oar splitting sonata that probably serves to blind the audienco until the play can proceed. When several star actors aro engaged in tho samo pieco they make things " hum " to the evident enjoyment of tho audience. As expressed by a visitor, as he opened his eyos in astonishment at tho procedure, " Why, these fellows nil get on tho stage at once, and they run each other olose to see who can get in tho most chin." And it is a fact when tho "stars " get together. If the piece had any natural arrange ment it is transformed into a "free for ail" contest, and a flow of bombastic words is the result of tbo contest, which acts the nudionco wild with delight The character of Chinose dramatisations is such that it is permissible for tho actor to intro duce his specialties just when he wills. The hoodlum is a typo that has come under the favorable notice of tho Chinese actor for his character drawing during the past year or two. And that character, with his bold swagger and defiant strut, is aptly imitated by tho Mongolian actor ; and the audience, who have ail suffered more or less at his hands, greet the representa tion with continuous laughter. As women are debarred by Chinese custom from entering on a theatrical career, their parts are well taken by female impersonators. Aotors assuming such characters as a specialty can and do command tho bighoat salaries on tho Chinese stago; Their imitations of tho coyness of maidenhood and tlio shrewishness of old age are astonishing. The deception in dress and acting is so perfect in this regard that' one not knowing tho immutability of Chinese customs would readily believe that they were, in fact, what thoy pretended to bo. In some of the plays thoso femulo impersonators display a coyness and affectation in making lovo that is wonder fully realistic. The prim and sedate mother is another rote, that receives rcalistio treatment at- tho hands of Chinese actors. In the lighter roles the Chincso actor will bear contrast with his more advanced and civilised brother in tho same profession. But in heavy drama the Chinese characterisation runs too much toward vainglorious boasting and bravado, which thoy evidently misinterpret for tho virtues of dignity and self rolianco. In tho estimation of tho Chinese aotors the king is always represented as a supercilious and cynical braggart who can conquor with but a wave of the hand or a stern glanco of tho oye. The "rebellious gonorals" rebel for no higher pur pose than the evanescent glory of temporary power. They aro made to vie with tho kingly character in their contemptuous swagger and offhand braggadocio. Tho Chincso comedian Is a role that is usually well sustained and would bear rcpresentation on the civilised stage. There is a droll humor about ' the Chincso that whon acted oven naturally is worthy of appreciation. The. Chinese coraodian takes his part well. He con tinues in his little by play whilo the lending general and tho heavy king are engaged in a banter of words. Tho comedian falls over a chair as if by mistake, and then looks about with such a droll expression on his grotesquely painted face that even the more stolid of his raco are forced to smilo at his antics. Of course, the comedian's part merely consists of boyish pranks and childlike tricks. A common feat is dropping a stono on the foot and then indulging in a series of gyrations supposed to be caused by tho pain. Sticking out the tongue and making fantastic grimaces aro other standbys with tho Chinese comedian. They aro simple enough, but are well carried oat and demonstrate tho fact that the Chinese aotor who essays the role of comedy realises that laughter should reply to his antics. Tho Chinese are frequenters of tho theatres. If they cannot raise tho money to got a peaceable Admittance thoy fight their way in, as has fre quently been tho case in this oity. Tho two local theatres aro crowded nightly from pit to dome. The patrons of these resorts are critical and discorning, and, as a resnlt, the manage ment is constantly on tho alert . to provide a good entertainment, and to do this thoy have to seoure the brightest stars in tho Chinese theatri cal heavens. These " stars" aro "engaged at an enormous- outlay," and have to bo sup ported by a company of two scoro or more. The Chinese aotor is .not to bo likened to .the stago struck, Americau schoolgirl. Ho is a cool, calculating creature who loves his profession for the money tbero is in it. ' Ho Is way boyond tho reach of the barnstorming manager in his terms, and fa! not satisfied to accept his board and to have!, ku/ home' blazon forth on great three sheet. posters in letters of red. Ho wantH, first, ;last and at'all times, a 'salary. If he. is prominent' In his profession ho is in receipt of constant "calls" from' theatre managers. In tho' tad;' he. accepts ;the "call" >vifch the; best salary.' ;;;'r ' ' . For a time ' the local' theatres engaged in a keen "rivalry1 'ffc6/.aecure the services of the heat talont. Salaries were forced .up to a high point, and as much 'as 10,000 dot a year was paid to single actors both theatres. Itr fact, tho Washington-street .theatre onco carried off the palm by ' engaging' ;Wah Kg' Gum, ah actor of fame, for 'a feyr weeks at ,tho. rate of' 25,000 dol. ayear. c ' '."7. 7',,. - I "Tkeactorsareall boardedatthetheatro, ami they live well, Thoy sport fine clothes, patronise fantan and give swell parties. The best of the talont engaged by the local places of amusement recoivofrom40 dol. tolOOdol. a woek. The Btage hands who, by the way, have to be well drilled in tbo piece to perform their duties, arc paid from 7.50 doL to 20 dol. a week. Tho supporters of the stars get from 15 dol. to 40 dol, for their services. Tho "ghost walks" with the utmost regularity in Chincso theatres. For woe betide tho mauagor who should fail to pay the company. His remains would not be recognised by his own mother. The theatrical profession among the Chinese is recruited from tlio corps of supers ateaohed to thethoatros. They perform the various duties about the stago and gradually climb up the ladder to higher 'positions until they shine forth as stars. Adaptability has nothing to do with the profession in the Chineso estimation. It is the experience acquired by long years of associa tion with _ tho stars of the' stage that is con sidered. Aoting with thorn is a trade, learned and acquired like any mechanical pursuit. This accords with tho boast onoo made by u prominent barn atormcr that he could mako an aotor out of a saw horso if given time. — S, F. Chronicle 