Sporting Topics. After the decision of the V.R.C. yesterday afternoon in the matter of Eldorado against Bulierana (late Kelton), Mr. Jurd, the owner of the latter, stated ms intention oi appealing to tne supreme Court, aud at once instructed his solicitor to demand tbe stakes in the Turkeith Handicap. Tne weights for the V.R.C. Standish and B&got; Handicaps are'due on Monday next. The last of the three injunctions issued on Mr. Archie Cox not to pay over the stakes won by Barefoot at Maribyrnong on 81st August last when he annexed tbe Segenhoe Handicap, has been withdrawn, and accordingly the stakes will now be handed over to the owner of Barefoot. Judge Casey, in tbe Court of General Sessions last Tuesday, dealt with tbe appeals by Joe Cohen, tobacconist, for allowing betting on his premises, and against R. Alsop, his manager, for bet ting therein, tbe magistrates having fined them £25 and £15 respectively. Hie, Honor allowed the appeal. Mb. A. M. Greenfield, the honorary .secretary of the Ballorat Turf Club, notifies joclteys and trainers in another column that tickets for the forthcoming meeting will be issued on Thursday evening, the 1st prox., at Craig's Hotel between 6 and 9 p.m. In connection with the rScent inquiry into the alleged foul between Etra-weenie and Trieste in the Oaks, we stated that Mr. S. Miller, one of the stewards who inquired into the protest in the first instance, had an interest in the result of ffic race. Some persons may perhaps imagine that Mr. Miller backed Etra- weenie. We learn, however, that his bet was a modest fiver, and this was on Trieste. This explanation will remove any possible misconception as to the facts. As tbe betting market in Melbourne is ruled by what is done in Sydney in races" taking place at Randwick, and nothing has been backed over there for tho A. J.C. Summer Cap, it goes without saying that things generally were quiet at the Victorian Club last night. At Kirk's Bazaar on Thursday, the I5th pros., Messrs. Campbell and Sons will hold a monster sale of ponies, under instructions from Mr. Frank Austin, of Avalon, Lara. Fifty lots got by T&m; o' Shanter, various heights, ranging from 12.2 to 14 hands, aud related to some celebrities, will be offered. Some time back we referred to the fact that Mr. H. S. Searle, the father of the champion oarsman, the late lamented H. E. Searle, intended presenting Mr. Fat Finn with & photo of the deceased sculler. On Saturday morning last the portrait was duly received, having beeu sent all the way from tbe home of tbe Searles, on the Clarence River. The photograph (an excellent one, by tbe way) shows the once famous sculler in full rowing rig on the Thames, in the identical boat in which O'Connor was defeated. It is a remarkable coincidence that, according to tbe cable, O'Connor has succumbed to the same complaint that cat off Australia's famous oarsman. The portrait alluded to, we need hardly addf< is higlily prized by Mr- Fat Finn, coming as it does direct from tbe family. At the Colac Show last week the old champion, Wellington, obtained tbe premium as the best thoroughbred stallion, whilst The Nun took the first prize for brood mares. The jumping prize was secured by Mr. Rockliffe'e horse Liberty, who competed at the last Royal Show at Flemington. The executive of the Bendigo Jockey Club .were exceedingly fortunate in tbe matter of weather for tho Spring meeting, whilst the attendance was also fully up to the average, according to the treasurer's- statement, and this is the best gauge possible. The proceedings on the first day, Wednesdaylast, opened with tbe Tele graph Stakes, for which Palo Alto was a strong even-money favorite, which position the Flemington colt justified by winning comfortably from "Wonga, Tame- nund, and three others. Next came the Hurdle Race, for which only fonr went to the post, favoritism lying between ; Escort and Woonoke, and the former, who is a wonderfully well-bred gelding, by Chester — Superba, sister of those celebrities, Richmond and Bosworth, won very comfortably in the hands of his trainer, Harry Underwood. Tbe principal event of the meeting, tbe time-honored Sandhurst Cap, was the succeeding event, but only eight went to the post for it. Ajb Scobie had scratched Goldreef, and deter mined to rely on Ennc, Mr. Austin's horse received most support, whilst Leviathan, Taurus, and Lapstcne were the best ' supported 1 of the othera. The favorite had, however, to be content with the pony for second money, as Leviathan, who pulled off the Bendigo double a couple of years ago, won in a canter from Eouc, with Star of Erin a good third. Montrose had no difficulty in landing the odds laid on him for the Selling Race, and went back to his owner for £105, the ' blub" 'netting" a pony by tbe transaction, ; Backers . were - very much at fault in the Selling Hurdle Race, as the rank outsider of the quintette, Roman<ft£ Von pretty comfortably,' the old son of 'The Diver being retained by his stable for £40, alLof which went to the club to help pay the £50 stakes. The "Watson Plate, presented by Mr. J. B. Watson, and valued at 30 60vs, with 40 sore added, fell to Wonga; on whom young Cox rode a capital race, and landed 'the -3 to 1 accepted about - the brother to Wabba from Stoneberry and. Bolton, who was an odds, on favorite. Leviathan, who won the Sandhurst Cup for tbe second time last Wednesday, only cost a few pounds as a yearling, as ho was purchased by Mr. M'Lean for something less than £15, his owner having tbe idea of winning a few country races with tbe'son of The Hook and then standing bun as a farmers' sire. The colt was put into the hande of E. B. Luttrell. a well-known trainer in tbe North- Western district, and his first at tempt was as a two-year-old, when he ran seoond to Grandee in the Maiden Plate at Deniliquin, being ridden by Willy Osborne, who has throughout been identified with the horse's triumphs. The colt ran a few times at sub urban meetings without success, but subsequently won the Sandhurst Cup, Bcndigo Handicap, and Ballarat Cup ; but for the Bftllarat Hwidicap, in which Leviathan only ran fourth wirh odds laid on him, there seemed a complete reversal of form, Osborne averring tbat an attempt had been made to poison the horse. After souio time the horse again got into the hands of his former trainer, with the result tbat he has, for the second time in his career, annexed tbe Sandhurst Cup. On tho conclusion of tho first day's racing at Bendigo, Major Kirby, the president of the club, formally handed over to Mr. Mark Whitty the Watson trophy, presented by Mr. J. B. Watson, and won: by Wonga. Major Kirby men tioned that the trophy had coBt lOgns more than was stated on tbe card as its value. At the conclusion of this cere mony tbe healths of Mr. Watson and Mr. Whitty were duly honored, whilst a bumper to the future success of tbe Bendigo Jockey Club was most cordially drunk. Mr. Watson was, unfortunately, absent at Kyneton, but be telegraphed thence his regret at not being present, and at tbe same time wishing tbe club every success. At the first lime of negotiating the water jump at Moonee Valley, on Wednesday last, Elfio nearly came to grief, and although she finished tbe course, it was evident Mr. Miller's filly was not herself. After the race, she was in such pain tbat she lay on the sward, and it was found necessary lo leave her at Moonee Valley, where she will be cared for by Mr. Cox until able to re turn home. For sometime past, after a gallop, the mare has shown a slight lameness. The full programme of the Victoria Racing Club for New Year's Day appears herewith. TheKormanby Stakes, closed with 66 subscribers, is first on the list, and owners can get out on the day before the race, up to 11 a.m., by paying 2 soys, failing which they are liable for tbe whole amount, 10 govs. >Tbe Hurdle Race, which has 300 sovs attached to a sweep of 5 sovj, of which 1 forfeit must be paid on the day of general entry, is about two miles. The St&ndisb; Handicap, a six-farlong flutter, has closed with 01 nominations, and here 300 sovs are added to a sweep of 5 60vs, tbe balance of which (4 sovs) owners are liable for if their horses ore not struck out by 4 p.m. on the 19th of December. The Steeplechase has 800 sovs added to a sweep of 5 sovs, 1 forfeit, and is about two miles and a half. The Bagot Handicap, of 1000 60vs, added to.a sweep of 10 sovs, has closed with '47 entries, and here tbe for feit of" 12 sovs must bo paid before . 4 p.m. on Monday, 19th December, or liability for the full stake accrues. The Criterion Stakes, for two-year-olds, ends the programme, and has 300 sovs added to a sweep of 5, and is a 6-furlongs handicap. General entries are due on Monday next, tbe 5th of December, at the offices of tbe V.R.C. or A.J.C. before 4 p.m. Tne programme of the South Aus tralian Jockey Club's New Year's Day. meeting has been issued by tbe secretary, , Mr. A. O. Vhitington. There are six events cn the card, tbe particulars of which are as follow Handicap Hurdle Race, of 100 sovs ; second horse, 10 sovs out of the stake; about one mile and three- quarters. Disposal Handicap, of 100 sovs ; six furlongs. Two-year-old Handi cap, of 100 sovs ; second horse, 10 sovs out of the stake ; for two-year-olds ; five far- longs. New Tear's Gift, handicap of 200 sovs ; second borse, 20 sovs; third horse, 10 sovs out of the stake ; one mile and & quarter. Handicap Steeplechase, of 120 sovs ; second horse, 20 govs out of the stake ; about two miles and a hall Marino Handicap, of "100 sovs; second horse, 10 sovs out of tho stake ; five fur longs and a half. Entries for all events will be received at the offices of the S.AJ.C., Adelaide, or at Haydon's Race- coatee Agency, 491 Bonrke-street, Mel bourne, up to 4 p.m. on Thursday, 15th December, 1892. The Tasmanian Racing Club's Summer meeting programme is set out in full in our advertising columns. The meeting is a three-days' one, and is fixed for 1st, 2nd, and 3rd February. Particulars are as follpw; — First Day — Trial Stakes, of 50 sovb; "weight for age; one mile. First Hurdle Race, handicap of 120 sovs ; second, 20 sovs out of the stake; about two miles and a half. Hobart Cop, handicap of 400 sovs; second, 50 sovs; and third, 25 sovs out of tbe 6take; one mile and a half. Sires' Produce Stakes, of 100 sovs (closed with 34 nominations). Totalisator Handicap, of 70 sovs ; second, 10 sovs out of tbe stake ; distance, seven furlongs. Second Day — Selling Race, of 70 sovs; five furlongs. Elwick Hurdle Race, handioap of 80 sovs ; second, 10 sovs out of the ' stake ; about one mile and a half. Wilson Stakes, handicap of 150 sovs ; second, . 20 sovs out of the stake ; one mile and a quarter. Juvenile Stakes, handicap of CO sovs; for two- year-olds' "which have not won a stake of the value of 40 sovs ; second, 10 sovs oat of tbe stake ; five furlongB. Welter Raco, handicap of 100 sovs; second, 20 sovs out of the stake ; lowest weight, 8st ; one mile. Third Day— Nursery Handicap, of 80 sovs; second horse, 10 sovs out of the stake ; for two-year-old6 ; six fur longs. Dcrwent Handicap, of 70 6ovs; second, 10 sovs out of cue stake; one mile. Tbe Lord Stakes, handicap of 200 sovs ; second, 25 sovs out of the stake ; one mile and a quarter and! a distance. Steeplechase, of 150 sovs; second, 25 sovs out of tbe stake ; about two miles and a half. Farewell Handicap, of 80 sovs ; second, 10 sovs out of the stake ; six farlougs. Nominations close for Hobart Cup and Lord Stakes on Friday, 6th January, at 4 p.m. Day of general entrj\ Friday, 20lb January, at 4 p.m. Nominations must be in tbe bands of the secretary, T.R.C., Hobart ; T.T.C., Laun-' ceston ; Y.R.C., Melbourne ; A J.C., Sydney ; or S.AJ.C., Adelaide, by 4 p.m. on the days named. There was a capital attendance at the Oakleigh Racing Club meeting on Friday last, when some remarkably close finishes were witnessed. In the 14.1 and 14.2 hands event, Legacy only defeated Lucy by a short neck, whilst in the November Handicap, for horses. Memoir only beat Streak by a head. Then, again, in the Oakleigh Handicap, Kyle, by Boolka, got home a head in advance of Volcano, whilst Grandee was a like distance away third. . The race meeting at Moonee Valley on .Wednesday .'last -was falrly patroriised. Proceedings opened .with' tbe.Tweedslde Handicap,' for which' the punters tumbled Oyer -One another to'- back Alice, none of the other four being supported for jreally genuine "monoy! A couple , of furlongs from home -the /avorite seemed the .only one in it, but Nelly challenged her at .the turn, and when at came to racing the favorite was absolutely useless to she 10 to 1 outsider. Only four went to the post for the Selling HuMle Baoe, and the 1 favorite, Eyry, travelled ytry "badly in the market for some time, but a strong oider was pnt in during the'last few minutes, and he was a prohouhced favorite at odds on, with tho retuU that he won com fortably at the finish from Lord Coxcomb, who was slIbo well supported. On being pnt up to auction he was retained by -hiB stable, bnt the Indian-buyer, Mr. -Green, ran them up to £160, all of which went to the club. Hussar was purchased at the upset price of £95 by Mr. R. Phillips. The Niddrie Handicap saw some really genuine betting, Sir John, Silence II.,' Ilium, and one or two others being freely' supported, but The Bud, who wu1' sup ported at 8. to 1, made a one-horse race of it. N o less than ten went to the post for the Steeplechase, Sbylockbeing a pronounced favorite, but Martin Bourke on Fot-8-os worried him the whole 'of the journey,, and- as the favorite had not an effort left in him when it came to the -pinch, Pot-8-bs won somewhat comfortably. It was' noticeable that of the whole field rof ten not a single one came to grass. ' Profit had no trouble hi defeating lii6 only opponent. Alarm, fo the- Selling Race, and then fell to Mr. Green for £115, of which £90 went to the fond, bo that the execotive were especially fortunate with their selling races, as they made £105 clear of the stakes. The favorite', Blue-' stone, never gave either of his three opponents tho ghost of a show in the Ailsa Handicap, the son of Precious Stone galloping like a racehorse. Only five went to the post for the Ardconnel Handicap, and of these Daniel was a very warm favorite, bat young Day, on Wattle, accomplished the difficult task of 14 riding a waiting race in front," and won quite comfortably with tbe ancient son of Trege&gle.; 14 Burrongoxg " has announced con sultations on tbe Summer Cup and Car- tington Stakes, and Frank Smith, one of tbe best known sportsmen in Sydney, the original promoter of the great old time Botany Handicaps, aud proprietor of the Allmmbra Theatre aud Music Hall, Sydney, has, after many solicitations from the public, been in duced to give bis patronage and super vision to these events, which is a sufficient guarantee that 4< Burrongong'e" con- saltations will be genuine and straight forward. During a conversation at Moonee Valley with the master of an accomplished light-weight jockey, we dcarnt to our pleasure that the lad was one of tbe most careful and economical possible. A few days ago be asked bis master for a cheque for the amount duo to bun, and as this came to a pretty considerable sum, an inquiry was made as to the use to which it was to be pnt. The lad joyfully said — "To help my father to recommence bnsiness, sir ; he looked after me when he was able to do so, and now that he has had misfortunes, I think it myplaco to look after him." And he did, too. A lad with a disposition like this is hardly likely to be contaminated, as successful light weight jockeys generally are, and we shall yet see this young Glppslander at the top of the tree in his profession. In the Ailsa Handicap at Moonee Valley, on "Wednesday, tne running of one of the competitors was so peculiar that an official inquiry seemed probable. As, however, it was felt that the animal referred to could sot have won, under the circumstances no inquiry was held. It is well to know, however, thai the in cident did nor escape official notice. Our Adelaide correspondent, wiring yesterday, stated that at tbe Jordan Park pony races on Saturday R. Wyman, the jockey, ExLon, and the owner were dis qualified for a year for suspicious running. Ruenalf will, in ail probability, return to Sydney in a few days, whc-n he will have Escort as a companion on the journey. Mr. F. "W. Melbuish, M.R.C.V.S., has had a lot of trouble with RuenaJf, as tbe son of Grand Flaneur and Olga was severely injured in his passage from Sydney, just Prior to the V.R.C. Spring meeting. As noted in these columns some few weeks ago, there is every probability of legal action being taken against the railway authorities to recover damages for the accident. The dearth of jumpers in New Sonth W&leB; is so great tbat Mr. Humphrey Oxenham has purchased Linwood and Buzzard for tbat colony, and in company with Pilot Boy they left last Thursday for Sydney in Mark Thompson's care. We hear that in all probability the well-known steeplechaser Freeman, will return to his home in New Zealand in a few days, although be is at present in dulging in a spell. Mr. J. E. Brewer, says he had leased "half the horse" from Mr. D. O'Brien, but finding it impossible to win a race with the son of Guy Fawkes aud Mi66 Freeman under the handicappers' impositions, be was bound to ask Mr. O'Brien to release him from his agreement. The New Zealand sport has accordingly written Mr. Brewer to ship the horse to the land of his birth. When Freeman loft K.Z. he finished with list 41b on his back, and although he has only once achieved victory in Aus tralia against a poor field at Ranwick, the. apportioned of tho weights now put him " up top " amongst the I2st 71b and over division. The death of Mr. 0. Cox, a well-known pastorolist and racing man in the Riverina district, is announced to have taken place on Saturday last. Ok Thursday afternoon next a meeting of tbe Union .Trotting Club will beheld at Tilley's Victoria Hotel, Bonrke-street, at three o'clock. » Particulars of the Southern Cross genuine cash prize consnltarion will be found in another column. It is an nounced that, owing to the short ness of tbe time, only a small con sultation is opened on the Standish Handicap, but monster consultations on ones later on are promised. It is also stated that " there is nothing crooked abont this enterprise. Ten per cent, will pay expenses and leave a fair profit, and nothing more is "wanted." However, by referring' to the advertise ments on pages 1 and 7 our readers will be able to see for themselves what is said oh this matter. We need only add that the Southern Cross appears by its announce ments to mean business. The Bherwood Park Racing. Club held their usual weekly meeting yesterday, but tbe attendance was not up to the average. The racing was feirlygood. tak ing the programme all through, with the exception of the 6elliug Race for 12.1 and 12.2 ponies, in whfoh an extraordinary coincidence occurred, every pony being scratched for that event. The fovorites got home in the majority of the events, and consequently punters were on good terms with themselves. To-day the Ri&mond; Pony and Gallo way races are set down for decision. Trams and cal» along Flinders-street every minute. v There is a Trot on tbe programme, for which there is an entry, of eighteen. . . On Saturday last the South Yarra j»ny race meeting was foirly .well attended. Owing to the high wind blowing, the balloon asoeht which was to have been made by Mdlle. Viola had to- be poet, poned. - - , . For the future, TattereaU's Club, in Bourke-street, is to be under the manage ment of Oharlie Watson and Harry Power. They have- spent a lot of money in alterations and additions, and intend to run it as a real live sporting elub. Among the improvements will be the; English tape system. A telegraph instru- . ment and operator will be provided on the club's premises on raoe days, and members thus be enabled to "bet on the tape." In another column will be found an advertisement setting out further particulars. Julian Gray hag been fired by Mr(j Hollingham, M.R.C.V.S., and it is antici pated that after the necessary spell, consequent on the operation the old gelding will be as right as ever. A man named Henry Stanley, described as an electrical 'engineer, wae before .the Bendigo City Court last Thursday charged with vagrancy, ae also with 41 larceny by trick " of 10s., the 'property of . Alfred Duke, the . wager being a level half sovereign on Montrose, who won the Selling Race at the late Bendigo raoes on the. first day. Detective D. G. O'DonzreU gave the accused a bad character, bat this Stanley denied; his evidence was taken down in writing. The prisoner was remanded, but another charge of larceny of £2 was also preferred against him. The man Henry Stanley, described as an electrical engineer, was, on Saturday last, .sentenced by tbe Bendigo City Bench to two weeks and a month respea-' lively, such sentences to be comulatiYfe, for welshing at the recent Bendigo Spring < meeting. Tbe programme of the A.R.C. Annu vereary meeting, to be held on the old Adelaide course on 26th inet., has been issued by Mr. Dunlevie, and comprises six events, with 670 sovs in added money. The opening Hurdle Race is a two-mile event; the Selling Race, six furlongs;, the Eastwood Stakes, for two-year-olds, five furlongs ; the ' Anniversary Handi cap, of 150 sovs, one mile and three for- longs; tho Selling Steeplechase, about two miles ; and the BornEiiie Handicap, . five furlongs. Nominations are due up to 4 p.m. on Tuesday, 13th December, weights declared 16th December, aud acceptances before 4 p.m. on 22nd December. The winner (after declara tion of weights) of any jumping race to carry 101b extra, and of any flat race 71b, with tbe extra provision that the winner of the Anniversary Handicap shall pnt up 101b penalty in the Burnside Handicap. This should furnish a capital ; afternoon's sport, and the occasion being ; a general holiday, there will undoubtedly be a large attendance. Mr. P. Heywood informs us that Gardenia's next visit will not be to Molua. At present an alliance with Trenton is contemplated for tbe equine daughter of King of the Ring and FJeur de Lis. As showing the admirable manage ment and immense circulation Mr. Pat Finn's " Australian Sporting Song Book and Theatrical Guide " enjoys, we may mention that something over nine thousand copies of tbe book have already vanished on the cash transaction system. That the book is popular goes without saying, but when we find a little work of this description en route to 44 Ancient Greece," Rome, and other historical spots, we think that Finn may claim the 41 potting np of a record." On the re ceipt of 8d. stamps, L. B. Carrick, 226 , Nicholson-street, Fitzroy, will forward a copy of the book to any address by return post. The principal two-year-old winner at tbe recent New Zealand Cupmeeting was' Skirmisher, a colt by Vanguard from Ouida, by Tubal Cain from Argosy. He won both the Welcome Stakes and the. Juvenile Stakes, the Escutcheon colt, Westinere, running second on each occasion. St. Hippo jvoa tbe New Zealand Cup in a canter, and ran the two miles in 3min Slscc. He paid £6 78\. in tho inside totalisator, and £12 8s. outside. Crackshot went out a hot favorite, with Mr. D. O'Brien's colt, L&un-; ceston, who ran fourth, second in demand. On tho second day Stepniok, who did not ran in the Cup, won tbe Derby after a splendid race with St. Hippo, and Lanncoston was only a length behind the second, Pygmalion's sister, Cynisca, who appears to be as game and consistent as her brother is faint-hearted, carried 8st 91b, and won the Metropolitan Stakes, Crackshot, 8ei 121b, being second, and Rosefeldt, 7st 71b, third. . Et&a-wcenie; is by Trenton— Nellie, by English Tim. "Whlffier— Sappho, and 6he won tbe Maribyrnong Stakes as well as the V.R.C. Oaks. Jersey is by Trenton — Emily, by English Tim "Whifiler — Sappho, and on Saturday he won the Maiden Stakes at "Wyndham — small beginnings, good endings. Bv-the- bye, one of the supporters of the colt had a couple of very nice wagere, viz., 33 to 1 and 100 to 5. Strange to eav, one of the most prominent. of our cash fielders continued laying 20 to 1 against Jersey until the -horses were at tbe post, and tbis fact alone served to keep hackers off. Very excellent entries were received yesterday by Mr. Geo. Mayger for the six events' to be decided on the Epsom Racing Club's prettily situated course on Tuesday, the Gih pros. The Spring meeting of tbe Kyneton Racing Club, which eventuated on Friday last, wu as enjoyable a day as these meetings usually are, although the fields were small and the attendance only medium. Glenview won tbe Hurdle Race in the hollowest fashion possible, aud then the Trial Btakee saw some peculiar betting, as Aberdaron opened at odde on and then receded to 4.to 1 agft him, wdnkt Country Maid went -out 4t T to A on her, hut Aberdaron won in a canter, and the favorite only finished third. This was the winner's first appearance under his new colors, as D. Brazil only purchased him at Messrs. C. Yuille and Co.'s sale a month ago. The favorite, Helter Skelter, had to put up with second place to the penalised Wattle in the Spring Handicap, and The Broker had no difficulty in winning the Hooters' Steeplechase after the favorite, Norley, had kissed Mother Earth; Brown Bees won the Dalhousie Handicap easily, and Royal Blood made books of his opponents in the Hunters' Hurdle Raoe. The Aspendale Park entries appear herewith, and Mr. J. R. Orooke may be congratulated on the support he has re ceived for next Saturday's meeting. The entries total 92, so, given fine weather, there riionld be a bumper attendance, for there are few more enjoyable outings. Yesterday the proprietors of Sherwood Porfc were favored with lovely weather for tbe weekly race.meeting. .There was a good attendance aud some capital racing. In the 14.1 Pony Handicap The Diver and E.H. ran a dead heat. In the run off-the latter won. -Wb have received the iw " I Bjfnf OluVa programmes ' Bnd: nominations for Sires' n . 1 Stakes andDerby, 1892-98-04 Th'. I mcdy st Bp in handy book form "re morning for' his meetinir «t ?r1' ?J' I PsrkTid. rrthe nd',a was by no maaiMLJ ®JL ftltedanco the good programme and tk BtftDdatd J fltombonl won the SeTf' Bsc. in foe hands of Jimmy aswrafsgs MSSffiSsS an easy winner. Allurement ran r£Ei heat with Lysia in the Bbaeh'irm.fl but won thnm-offtmtouffi' lalhfo appropriated foe Selling KncV W4S fined a for being and Bonnie Bairn won t and Aspendale £ Handicaps whilst foe ftVOrite Brownie, only jost got home by a head ftom Yon 11 Do in the Selling Hnraio u niwi? SeUing Eoce at Aspendale Lilkth wae sold to Mr. J. Green foe Indian buyer, for iS5 ; but after con- saltation she was returned to Ler old onmer at the knock-down price, nud she will, accordingly, still carry the colors in which she has been running d urine racing career. Last Thnraday, at the City p( Court, Bendigo, Robert Gleeson was 40s., with one month's imprison' default, for playing the three-card At,b© same conrt William We pursuing the purse trick, was fin or two months. William Peart playing an unlawful game with a wheel and shot gun, was mulcted in the aum of £2, whilst James Darwin, for 44 under and over," was similarly fined. Edward Re&d;, for the three-card tnVlc, : was fined £2 or a month, and for the same .game John Leedham and Joseph Crush were similarly fined. 1 « We are in receipt of the 44 New Zealand Turf Register for the season I891.»> " published by the Weekly Press o7id Referee office, Christchureb. It contains not only the running in New Zealand for the past season, with a carefully-compiled index to tbe same, but also the principal sales of blood stock, tbe winners of ilie chief races in New Zealand, and several other matters of extreme interim. Con sidering the celebrity of Nev.- Mc.fci:d horses in Australia, the volume in :t mo?-; valuable one, and the produce oniric is not by any means tbe le&6t interesting of the contents of the book. During the recent Canterbury (N.Z.) race meeting (three days) the substantial sum of £37,225 was passed thmnnh the totalisators on the course, this heint; rui increase of £904 on the takings at the same meeting Jast year. Ik the front page of this issue au ad vertisement appears of a consultation on tbe Bagct Stakes, initiated by 44 Dragon," and guaranteed by Mr. J. P. Dn Feu. who is so well known as one cf tho staunchest supporters of coursing in Australia. With such a guarantee tlvrj can be no doubt as to the 6oncz jh',c character of the consultation. 44 Robin Hood," 44 Don Juan," and & new consultation, 44 The Dragoo," are advertised in oar first page in this isiac. 44 Arch-Medium's" and 44 GalaV an nouncements appear on page 7. Mr. M. P. Coksidike, of Haydon's Racecourse Agency, writing under yester day's date, said : — 44 In this morning's Argus it wae stated that a trotting race was to take place at 'Aspendale Pick on Saturday next. Mr. Crooke Had to with draw. the race on account of . the acULQ of a number of trotting owners going ovc-r to the unregistered meetings, but he will be pleased to insert a trot in his pro gramme if he is guaranteed support." Feov Messrs. Hunter and Nolan, arid A. Buckland and Sons, auctioneers of Auckland, New Zealand, we have received a very neatly got np and elaborate catalogue of Mr. T. Morrin'e sale of tho "Wellington Park yearling thoroughbred?. There are 31 lots to be submitted on ike 4th of January next. The Wyndbam meeting, held last Saturday, provided an enjoyable after- noon's 6port to a very largo section of lhe metropolitan sportsmen who journeyed by epecial trains, which, however, travelled at very po"or speed.' ' The goii g was fairly good, although several owner complained about the length pf the grass which, however, bad been rolled neur the rails. The programme opened with the Hurdle Race, and for this event Impostcr, with J. E. Brewer np, was made an odus on favorite, and he won cleverly ff&m; Merry Christmas. In tbe Maiden Plato hackers received a very severe tare. &s; . odds of 2 to 1 were .freely laid on Prior, and at the finish what little money re mained on the books was wanted at 5 to 2, bnt the colt stumbled and then rnii ungenerously, with the result tbst Jersey beat Him cleverly by a long neck. There was a lot of trouble to make an absolute favorite for fih Selling Flat Race, but eventually DespisedoccupiedthatporitioD. although at due time he retired to 5 to 2 freely offered against him. He, however, eventually won comfortably, and then retained by his stable. Anodic? blow to backers was the defeat of the odds-on Submission, and even tbe conso lation of backing the winner in iko secopd favorite, Rattler II., was denifd punters, for Brown Bess, who went out at a long shot, won cleverly by a bead from Rattler H. and Submission. Shyl?k for a time rnled as a hot favorite for' Steeplechase, bnt weight of money bo! Esmond saw the pair at level quota! of 8 to 1 offered and taken About eit Esmond came to grief owing to M frin Beer falling just in front of bun 'then Bhylock won comfortably ' HriSgbt and Kalydor. For tbe S Handicap, nearly all the seven eti were legitimately supported, but Rn. wing, one of that coterie, won a! way, and never left tho question m doubt. Day again showing hie abilttj, this .youngster having ridden three vot ing races in front during the week, ar.d winning the lot. a A successful race meeting (fay® Nettft) organised by Mr. "Wbitbourue, was held at the Bairnsdale Race Club course ton Thursday afternoon. There was & large number of visitors, and enjoyable day was spent. Mr. W. J Hamilton acted as jodge, and Mr. « La veil ae starter. The money giv » away in prizes amounted to £16. a results were as under;— Maiden JjdtcT Mr. T. Kelly's Locomotive, 1 ; Mr .a. Hamilton's Bonnie, 2. Pony Baee-jMr. Fairws&ther;'e Lady. 1 1 Mr. Cbftoale Helfie. 2. Gelling Race (winner to m told for £15)— Mr. --Blebon e Bells. J Hr. Hay ward's Count, 2. _B.R-C.Hori, cap— Mr. Eairweather's -A.' Bishto'sBella.a. Seoond HordieR Mrgajward'. ffilda.1; Mr. Rodee Fly, ft. Consolation Stakes— Mr. H»J ward S. Count, J.' 