MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. (By 'Gratiako.') TO OORBEBPONMNTS. 1'bdp;.— In )KS8 the romantic drama ' M oate Christo' was pat on st the Avenue, London, with Charles Fletcher as Edmund Dan ten, and at the revlral in February last ye;ir Mr Charles Wainer played tho hero. Famiek. — The legendary drama 'The Corfican Brothers' is founded upon T'l-mina' nnvnV 'T.aa TTtApas flniHui. ' and adapted for Oharles Eean by Dion Bond Nax-e.— 'The Late Lamented' is a three act comedy, an adaptation of M. BIbsob's farce '' Fen TouplneL' It was first pro duced at the Court Theatre, London. A very welcome change in the Bhape of amueemont has taken place in the appear ance of Lyons' Tourists and Pleasure Party, a ooirpsct little body of variety artielB who are always funny without beingcoarse. The Tourists have been performing at the Bijou 13 I'^CCliOUlf UUBIUCW. 1UCU BMty 111 II BOOrii one, and 1 nndeistand they go South after At the Academy of Music on Monday evening next the Launoeston ' Dramatic Club will repeat tbat stirring military drama ' British Born,' for the purpose of raising fuod& to enable them to produce several new piecw. 1 understand that a new rolnistrel olub is shortly to be formed in Launoeston. It is intand£d to rnn it on true minEtrel linos, and 1 have no doubt ol its suoceas if too much is not attempted. Vftl. Vousden, mitnto, ventriloquist, and hang&roO;'hunter, has evidently caught on in Hobart, where ho is being well- handled by tiie T=rj ouorgetic Walter Price. Tlio Orpheue Olub have btartel smoke rjgut couscrts, under wb&t; appear to bs voly favorable auspices. I iiniteretaud that Mr Abraham Barretthas undertaken tbe heavy oid6r o[ producing 'The Merchant of Venice' with a company of *mmtsan. The psrformance -will take p'aoe in about two monthi time, Mr Barrett evuing the character of flhylock, He Barrett has, I betieve,pl«yei Shakesperian characters in New Zealand ; but an amateur performance of 'The Kerohant of- Venice' requires— well, let ns say a large amount of confidence. Mr William Bignold is doing weU in Aoeiawe with ?' How-a-days.' His daughter Bessie has become a .great favorite According to late aowunls, Mr CharloB Oharriogton has token the Avenue Theatre, London, tor a short torm, aud is to open wl'h ' The Doll's House,' with Miss Janet Achurrh, of conies, as Norah Helmer. Mr Herbert Fleming-, the well-known Australian actor, was to tn In the east. That very charming opera ' Dorothy' Is drawing like a powerful magnet at the Opera House, Brisbane. Miss Myra Kemble dm travelled u far as AnoKiana wnera sne is doing good DQsinesl. At Lthe ferminmtton of their New Zealand toot the ccmjiSny soil tor Sydney, in rilvie forj&fle;'atde. ? , ,. v „ lira's cirous, minus Ihe Wild \?est Show element, is in Auckland, and is libel; to do good business during iti stay. The Empire Company— of, which Carl Herbs is the principil feature— have been aoiug epienaia business in unrlstchuroh. Orattan Biggs is travelling in the Hawke's B»y district. The Italian Opera Company are drawing good houses at the Melbourne Princess'. At the. Bijou 'A Pair of Spectacles' has been replaced by a faroial company by Jerome E Jerome ' Hew Lamps and Old.' Bland Hnlt has' revived 'Master and Man' st the Theatre Boyal. Mr Dampier's lease of tbe A(etandra terminates te-nignt. His latest production has been ' Help one Another' a new drama by Garnet Walch and himself The] Gaiety Company are still attracting cmwded houses at the Opera House with ' Faust up to Date' which, however, is to be ?uoceeded by ' Joan ot Arc' on the 18th lnsi. Many Australians will (says the London oomnpondent ot the Argui) regret that Miss (follie Farren has never recovered from the Illness which assailed her in Australia, and which prostrated her so terribly on the *vJaKB jjunio. riuu wiiat i near it is quite 'ikely that we shall find her not able to resume work at all— almost certainly not for a very long time to oome. The same authority says :— I have had ooca number ot pieces that have been lately pro duced with scenes laid in Australia. The latest example Ik Mrs Talbot Hunter's 'Lost to the World,' in which there is a fine Aus tralian scene, with nuggets aid local color ing and surroundings to any extent. The piece is in the hands if Clarence Holt, who mows how to make the best of it. Another - 'great Australian drama' is Fred Jarman's I ' Ihe UinerV Queen,' a romance— or tather I a detective story— of the gold-fields, which is I doing very well in Cecil Beryl's hands in the The American papers allege that Bllen Terry is fast breaking down mentally. The late Magge Oliver graduated in the AmatPur Dramatic Society which gave to tbe staid. H. Bainford aud Nat. Douglas. Willie Bouth will be the Ghost to Bentley's Hamlet. O. B. Ireland will be the Liertes. An estimate is given that there are in London and the country 1886 theatres, ' muBic halls, cnnRerthalls, etc., with a holding . capacity of 1,784 ,8!IO, e-tablished bv capital amounting to «1G 250,000, and giving employment to BOD.000 persons. 1 It Is told of Madame Antoinette Sterling that she literally does not know a n^te of muBlo, but has to learn aU her songs, in the same way as one would tescb a village choir, dv naving a lew oars piayea over two or three times and then going on to one or two more, and so en till the song is ended. It i«, of course, dreadful to think that there should be ft Colley Gibber ver-ion of ' Bichard III,' but then, no less a man than David Garrick tampered with the tut of Bhakespeare for acting purposes, so let ns ba gentle with OoUey. There Is another reason for our tolerance. Clbber's lines — the interpolated ones — are not at all bad. In deed, if it were not Sat heresy to avow it I should almost feel tempted to suggest that they are quite as good as many of Shakes peare's own — his very, very own, &s; the children have It. '09 with his head! so much for Buckingham !' That is Gibbers. 'A weak invention of the enemy' Is als^ his. Further, or the matter of that, are there not manv admirers r-f the version of the play in which they occur who have been, all their tbeatre eoing lives, ascribing the following, which is undiluted Oolley Clbber, to Bhakespeare .'— ' Perish that thought ! No, never be it said That Fate itself could awe the soul of Biohard. Hence, bubbling dreams I you threaten here Conscience avaunt ! Bichard'a himself again Hark ! the shrill trumpet sounds to horse 1 away ! my sours in arms ana eager ror tee tray, Wlthont laboring the.point of versions of the play too stringently, It should be remembered that both Garriok and Bdmund Kean made their splendid »ncoe-BM iu the part of Gloucester In the Olbberlsed edition of tbe tragedy, A learned commentator on the subject says, ' It may be doubted whether any real Shakespearian part ever suited Oarrlck so well as the adapted Bichard III.' If, therefore, Mr Edmund Tearle bins in his selection of Oibber-on-Shikespeare he does so In illustrious company. 