MEMS FROM THE METROPOLIS. (from our own oorreal'ondkst.) Sydney, Tuesday. IHE oikI of tho session ts close ut baud, and nobody seems to be orry. A more weary, profitless session cannot bo conceived. It lias been all talk. It npuiiud with u flux of speech, and will fizzle out the stuno way. Tho Governor's speech presented to it was, us far us length and promises uro con- turned, what the late Sir John Robertson used to call a "stiiitnur." Then came tho interminable debates on everything in general aud nothing in nirtictilar. The Labour I'artv took un the rnnnSno it thu jump, and has kopt it over since. Its nuMilicrn may bo ompty-huaded — and I supposo there are nut two opinions as regards that— but .he\ are iron- juwed. They can tnU by tho square vard, and say nothing— ut all events, nothing that .iiyouo would caio about remembering. Spoukhig tow, without any iiias one way or the other, the Labour Party lias not fulfilled thu expectations of >vun Its friumls. It has simply I con an ohstaclo to ugislutiou, aud it hus not in nny way benefitted .lie class it is supposed to represent. In its first lays, the House allowed it to pass Dills of which t was known tho Council would make very short vork. Thou carno the great disruption, und sluco hen tho purty has been without any palpublo xiatouce. The members ticket themselves "Lihour," hut they arc only so for advertiaiug ioirpoHi'i», Tboy are really Ministerialists or Oppo sitionists, aud as for belonging to the third party, 'hat is mere uoiihumso. That party hus dropped ,ut of existence us much as if it never existod. Thoro is. therefore, ovcry reason for saying that nobody will regret the close of such a session— ono- - ' hut has done so much towurds bringing into disropnto the reputation of Parliament. Tho Appropriation Bill was brought up for its second reading on Monday night, und there wus a passago of urms between Mr. Barton and Mr. Raid. At one time, they were like Damou And Pythias. They stood fur Kant Sydn y, were returned tugethor, and wept on cuch others' shoulders for joy. Then they separated un the fiscal policy, and the separation wa« emphasised by their differences over the Federation Question. The old-timo friendship has now chungcd into downright enmity. Outwardly, thoy uro smooth-voiced to each other. They shako hands und chaff, but beneath this there is u reserve of distrust. I think, however, that there is more of it no Mr. Hold's side. Ho feels th« ground slipping from under his feet, und his rival going higher. This naturally annoys him, cspcciully as Ins hopos of clutching the Premiership were so grcut. Ho fully believed that he would carry his voto of censure before Christinas, and that ho would sit down to his dinner on the 25th of December us tho first responsible adviser of tiio Crown. Ho bod, it was, therefore, with considerable chagrin that he found himself left when the division took place, lie realised in his own pcison that thcro'e many a slip 'twixt tho cup and tho Up. Ambitious men who thus " lull in " are not inclined to be generous to tho men who have out-gencrnllcd them, and this is really why thero is no lovo between the leudcr of tho Opposition and tho brilliant but rather indolent gentleman who dry nurses tho Government and holds the important portfolio of Attorney-Gonoral. As I said, they had somo words on Monday ovoning, aud. Mr. Burton accused his old Mend of playing tho part of tho inan in tho dark alloy with tho loug knife, waiting for his victim. In other words, he said the leader of tho Opposition wus ufraid to tacklo Ministers In tho open, und was preparing a spring in the dark— endeavouring to gain by a suddenly-snatched vote an advantage ho cuutd not possibly obtain by fair straight-out fighting. Mr. Dibbs' health is really very critical. Ho hud a sovero attack of inflammation of tho tunes, uini as his system had pretty well run down, It went hard with him for somo days. It was only by the best nursing and tho unremitting caiu of Dr. MoLiurin that tho disease was kept under. He went to Emu Plains oil Saturday last, hut he only looks thu ghost of Ins forinor self. He hus aged during his illness, und nobody would take the weak-looking man who was out for a drive on Friduy us the actlvo bouncing man of a few weeks before. Mental worry, no doubt, has bad much to do with Mr. Dihbs' illness. At all ovouts, it aggravated tho attack. Ho has not only had trouble with his colloaguos and his supporters, but it is very well known that his private affairs are much entangled. A few years ago he was a fairly well-to-do man, but now he is a poor one. The Shepherd ease commenced his ruin, and politics havo pretty woll finished it. Ho is a stubborn man, who would soonur be cut iuto pieces than f;ivo in when he holioves he is right. This trait in lis character 1ms caused him a good deal of troublo ' iu tho past, and as mcu of his age aro seldom able to chungo, it will produco a good deal more In tho future. llo hus been at war from tho begbmiug, und will continuo to fight to tho end. Mr. Dibbs will not, it is scinl-ofliciullv announced, uppcur again this session in Parliament. Ho gets, however, through his departmental business, and here he is making a great mistake. Thero is uo necessity for him to worry himself or to waste his strength over little matters which could bo quite as easily done by ono of his colleagues, in concert with the Principal Under-Secretary. Any exertion ho enters ou now ho will have to pay for houvily hereafter. Our cricketers went down very badly in the lost of the test matches. It was played at Adolaido, and the Englishmen mado nearly 500 !n_thelr first innings. Tho Australians only put together 260 In both innings, aud tho consobueqeo was thoy wero beaten in one timings, with'Mtyidj|j0Pof runs to sparo. It must bo stated that wmle tho Kugllshmeu had a dry good wlckot, In, which tho batsman revels, the colonials had a wet wicket— a ground soddeaed and deadened by rain. Lord , Sheffield lutonda to bring another out her«» \ is to pay all th« ir expenses. His object is to f ol.y threo more teat mutclies, uud givo Old \- England on opportunity of winning buck the erlukot laurols, which Australia now nonsusscs, having won tho beat two out of tho thruo test mUchcs. The Sohoy-Eildy business is to bo roferrcd to a Board of threo diBinterrstcd porsona, und the gentlemen wore selected at the meeting of the Cabinet held on Saturday. Their natnui have not yet bwon made public, nor will tiioy bo till they have siguifictl their willingness to accopt thu positions. Mr. Sohcy would have liked to hu e iitt i a say in thu appointments, but till wus duniud Hun, auu he is cousequuuily very sure, iiu feels thut he is gi tting no more consideration from the £resunt Uotui'omunt than ho got from tho lust. bwovcr, tho inquiry will take place, und nobody doubts that it will prove tlmtv Mr. Eddy's personal honour has not been compromised by any nut since ho baa been ohurged with tho control uod munugu- moot of our railways. His Excelloocy tho Governor goes lo Bathurst on Monday night, ilo will reach tho City of tliu Fluids on Tnesduy morning, uud he is to remain thero threo or four duys. Tueru arc to bo gruut doings In the Western capital. There is to ho a Masonic demonstration, a Show bill, a Show dinner, and many other attractions, In fact, next waiik Bathurst will be the liveliest place iu Now South Wulus. Homo of the Ministers will accom pany His Excellency, If possible, Mr. Dibba witl muke the journey. Of course, all depends upon whether the doctor will let him go. Tho Government intend to drop the amendment of tho Sheep Diseases Act. It will bo remembered thut the intention was to give Stock Hoards tower to raise by an asscksmuut a nam of mouuy to bu used in subsidising companies engaged in the freezing ami export of meat. Uy this, it wus hoped thut u market lor our surplus meat supply could be found, aud the price of stock ruireif. Opposition was raised tn the Bill by several members who really didn't know wlmt they wuie talking about Mr. Drunker said that the State Was going iu to Interfere with privutu enterprise, and others remarked thut tho etieet of thu Dili would bo to raise the price of meat to the colonial consumer. Greater nonseuee could not well he uttered, hut then Ministers ceuld nut he held responsible) for this. They found that measure insteud of being, as it ought to have been, unuuimousiy accented, was obstructed, and tlieiv wus nothing fur it but to orop it, ami bring it forward aoxt session, when no doubt it will become luw. The Williams murders mo still the ta'k of Sydney us of other parts of Australia. The news papers, with a zeal worthy a better purpose, arc raking up everything connected with thu prisoner's post life In Sydney, where uudor thu name of Deeming, ho onuo curried (>u business as a plumber . and gas-litter. To a great many, no doubt, all these details arc most intcrcstim.% but they are getting extremely monotonous. We uic, iu tact, having too muuh Williams, and thu sooner the fellow is got out of tliu wav the better. The papers are muking a hero out of one of the cruellcht and cold-blooded murderers who ever came within the law's clutches. Tho Attorncy-Ccncral had not much luck with that little BUI he iutiuduccd with the object of raising the salary of Mr. lingers' to £'2,600, und giving him, as President of the Land Couit, the status of a Supreme Court judge. He also proposed to givo him the pension of a judge. But tho radioid section of thu Assembly shied ut this, nnd refused by a very decisive vote to pass the clause. Mr. Bartou thereupon emasculated tho liill of its piain provisions and it is uow as different to the measure he introduced ue night Is to day. Tho curdinal principle he sought to cstuhlish has been ulmndonud, and thu idea of making Mr. Rogers a judge Ima not la-en curried out. As the Dill was really intended to do Mr. Rogers a good turn, and thut intention wus thwurted, it is now a matter of no consequence whether it gets through in its alteroit »liape. However, one thing is very plain, if a vacancy occurs on the Supreme Court Bench during Mr. Barton's Attorany-Cyiwrnlsliip, Mr. Rogers will get the first offer. 