YACHTINQ. YACHTING NOTES. BY VIKIXG. The racing season is now fast drawing- to a close. I 1 think all the clubs bare now bad their final flutter. J On Saturday afternoon the Hobson's Bay Club sailed I the fourth event for the handsome trophy presented by the Melbourne Shipping and Engineering Com ' pany. Two races have yet to be Eailed to decide the I ownership of the prize, which will be held next j season. The weather on Saturday was decidedly un favourable ; it bad been raining off and on during the week, and at 2 o'clock it looked as watery as it well could, and by starting time the rain commenced and steadily continued during the whole of the afternoon. Notwithstanding the bad state of the weather the good field of yachts which canie to the line proves that yacht racing is about the only sport which can be carried on in the worst of weather, provided it is not a dead calm. The following yachte started, viz., Cooeeatia, Winona, Hyacinth, Oorio, Athlete, Volunteer, Fiona's Isle, Sun beam, and Orinond. The course was three times round the usual course. The feature of the race was the fine sailing of the Hyacinth, which led the Cooecana by three and a half minutes in the first and second rounds. She appeared to hare the race in hand, but whilst reaching to the wreck buoy In the last round the wind headed her right off, compelling her to make two or three short boards, the Cooeeana coming down with a free sheet. The Mind suddenly shifted round to the south, blowing very fresh. By this time the big boat had caught up, and while the Hyacinth was tying down a couple of reefs she walked away with a big lead, and came in an easy winner, Athlete second, and Hyacinth third. The new boat Winona sailed in this race, but did not show good form. She retired on completing the second round, after oc cupying a rearmost position throughout. She is a very nice-looldng lioat, and no doubt when her owner knows her better he will be able to remedy the de feats and Iiave her in fighting trim for next season. That popular little cutter the Viking has changed bands, having been purchased by Mr. C. P. Metcalfe, who will probably sail her under the burgee of the Kqyals. Yvray, of WUliamstown, has in hand a new boat for a well-known yachtsman. She will embody one of the latest novelties in yacht construction, vit, the Gloriana bow. That is the cutting away of all dead wood giving no forefoot whatever, and snowing full lines, thug giving a long overhanging bow. The model shows a clean run aft, finishing with a neat counter. The boat If only lately started. The keel is laid, also the stern Rnd s tempos t, all of which are of redgum. Her diwenifona are to be-On keel, 28ft; waterline, 88ft; over all. 52ft.; beam, lift Sin.; draught, -6ft. She is tobe\ centre-boarder, and with the plate down will draw 10ft. The ballast is to be lead, 4 tons outside and 4 tons inside. The timbers are to be of bUclcwood steamed in, the plank ing kauri; tfce deck will be flush, with a cock pit, but no tore hatch. The centre-plate runs through the deck, and may be lowered either square or three- cornered. She is to be a pole-masted cutter. The mils are tow made by Heriot, of WUliamstown. TlifejnalnsaU will have 85ft in the hoist, gaff 27ft., biopm ;40ft., t>0W8prit lift, outward, foresail 14ft on -flre'^took She is being built with a view to both g&od; cruising, ana will be comfortably fitted up oourftT. The plate case will divide the cabin into two compartments. It is quite refreshing to hear of the oonstruction ot a good-sired yacht in Victoria, and it istobe hoped that she trill turn oat a. success, and tiraB pave the way to a more modem tvpe of yacht to take the plaoe of our present fleet of ouf-ctagera. To whatever part of the worid wfc look the de cadence of large yacht fadng and the ever increasing popularity of the "wlec ones is strikingly apparent To begin with ourselves, it Is now several years «taoe gs have had » race between first-class yftchts, and Hie t*dng;dH2ie two past seasons shows that it is » **" " jna#er to get even seoond-dass yachts to ; Whilst on the other band the noing of small jnuch increased in popularity. The long shore. ohiwbave Interest. Bevfcral «ew ^ jswl In eydflerthe 6ame thing ii occurring, Li# tracks. Era «i>d Vr.lur.Iff r. br vf r.ri i.'t during ll:c past KM, and withcnt d"ji I 'the ra/*? whi«:h crated the greitev! Amour,t tl ej.c.teuient «erc those laftween the two tialf-iV.es. Bu'l-ul and fcronre *big. The Iurercclofiia! Chalit-.ire Clip. hi-h was ancasnoed *itfc 3 ere*: Coar'^h of tnifEp'-'s si Uk rear's conference, his sunk into obli^on withr-ut tise ghost of a choc of s. race taking pl»''c. From England and America the cry is trie same - no racinc for the America Cap. and the Royal Victoria's Chsl>eDge Cup ha? u»e? with nc response. The late^*. news to hand informs us that the present outlook in England of U/yt beat racing is vt-r>" bad. There is no iikt';~b»xi of the Ivenia an.1 Th.is-Je, now Meteor, entering the lifts, and no racing * achtf of a similar size have been built to take their place. The i? rating class has become extinct, but racing will. no doubt, be carried c«i among the 4" rater?. The 2J rater* and smaller classes are increasing in numbers, and pro vide any amount of sport, stiii they are only Final! boats, and cannot possiblv raise the same amount ol enthusiasm _ at the raring- of large yachts. In America it is worse still ; a few stains ljack the great racing was in the T"l(. class. then 46ft., and now jt is anticipated that the chief interest will be centered In 30-ioctcrE and under. It is hard to account for this universal falling off. The smaller boats of course cost very much less, and are not so expensive in every respect. Still there are plenty of big yachts, and their owners appear to prefer them for "cruising, and dislike the worry and expense incidental to racing. Then, small boat racing is in vogue, and what is the fashion even-one wishes to follow. Pti'.l I think it is only a matter of time, and I feel sure that before many seasons roll round we shall see the big boats again to the /ore. 