AT TUB SHRINE OF ST. ' WAGNER. BY MARK TWAIN. (COPYMQHT Bt THE ABTHOR.) It was nt Nuremberg that wo struck tho inun dation of muaia-mtid strangers that w«, rolling down upon Bayrenth, whero wo now are. It had boon long Binao wo had seen suoh multi tudes of excited and struggling people. It took u good half hour to paok thorn and pair them into tho train— and it was tho longest train wo havo yet soon in Europe. Nuromborg had beon witnessing this Bort of exparienoo a aouple of timos a day for about two wsoks. It givos ono an improssivo sonao of tho mngnitudo of this hionniai pilgrimngo. For n pilgrimage is what it is. Tho devotees como from tho vory onds of tho earth to worship tholr prophet in his own Kaaba in his own Mecca. If yon are living in Now York or Son Frnn- oisoo or Chioago or any whore elso in America, and you conclude by tho middlo of May that you would liko to attoud the Bayreuth opera two months nnd n half inter, you must Use tho onblu and get about it iinmodintely or you will get noseuts, nnd yon must c&blo; for lodgings too. Then, if you aro lucky you will got scats in tho last row, and lodgings in tho fringe of tho town. If you Btop to write you will got nothing. Thore wero plenty of pooplo in Nur emberg when wo passod through who had ooiiiu ou pilgrimage without first Beouring scats and lodgings. Thoy had found neither in Bayreuth ; they hnd walked Bayreuth streets n while in sorrow, their gone to Nuremberg and found noitlior bods nor standing room, nnd had walked those quaint streets all night waiting for tho hotels to open aud ompty their guests into tho trains, and so make room for theso, their dafoatcd brothrou and sisters in tho faith. They hnd endured from 30 to 40 hours' railroading on tho Continent of Europa — with aii which that implies of worry, fatiguo nnd financial impoverishment — nnd all they had got and all they wero to got for it was linndinoss and nconraoy in kicking thomBolves, acquired by practice in tho haok streets of the two towns when other pooplo where in bod ; for baok thoy must go over that unspeakable journoy with their pious mission unfulfilled. Theso humiliated outcasts had tlio frowsy and unfinished and apologetic look of wet cats, and their eyes were glazed with drowsiness, their bodies wero aaroop from crown to sole, nnd all kind hearted people refrained from asking them if thoy hnd hoen to Bayreuth and failed to con nect, as knowing thoy would lio. Wo reached bore (Bayreuth) about mid-nftor- noon of a rniuy Saturday. Wo wore of tho wise, and had secured lodgings and oparn scats months in advance. I nm not a musical oritio, and did not oomo hero to writo essays about the operas, and de liver judgment upon their merits. Tho llttlo children of Bayreuth could do that with a finer sympathy and a broader intelligence than I. I only oare to bring four or fiva pilgrims to tho operas, pilgrims able to approcinto tliern and enjoy thorn. What I might write about the performances to put in my odd timo would ho offered to the public as moroiy a cat's view of a king, nnd not of didnotio value. Next day, which was Sunday, wo loft for tho opera house — tlmt is to say, the Wagner temple — a little nfter tho middlo of the after noon. The great building stands all by itself, grand and lovoly, on high ground outsido tho town. Wo wore warned that if we arrrived after 4 o'cloek wo should ho obliged to pay 2.J do!, apieco extra by way of fine. We saved that, and it may bo remarkod here that this is tho only opportunity Europe offers of saving money. Thero was a big crowd in tho grounds about tho building, and tho ladios' dresses took tho sou with fine effect. I do not mean to intiinato that tho ladios were in full dress, for that was not so. Tha dresses wero pretty, but neither sox was in evening dress. The interior of the building is simple — severely so ; but thore is no occasion for oolor and decoration, sinoc tha people sit in tho dark. The auditorium has tho shape of a keystone, with tho stage at tho narrow end. Thero is an aisle on eaoh side, but no aisle in tho body of tho house. Eaoh row of seats oxtends in an unbroken curvo from ono Bide of tho honse to the other. .There are scran entrance doors on oaoli side of the theatre and four at the butt ond — 18 doors to admit and emit 1650 persons. Tho number of tho parti cular door by which you nre to enter tho house or lonvo it is printed ou your ticket, and you can uso no door but that one. Thus crowding nnd aonfusion are impossible. Not so many as 100 people uso any one door. This is bettor than having the usual (and useless) elaborate fireproot arrangements. It in tho model theatre of the world. It ann bo emptied while the second hand of a watch mr.kos its cirouit. It would he entirely safo oven if it wero built of luoifer matches. If your seat is near the centra of a row and you enter lain, yon muBt work your way along a rank of about 25 Indies nnd gentlemen to got to it. Yet this causes no tronblo, for every body Btnnds up until all the seats aro full, nnd the filling is aconmplished in a vory fow minutes. Thoa nil sit down, and yon have a solid mass of 1500 heads making a steop oellar door slant from tha roar of the house down to the stage. All the lights wero turned low, so low that tho congregation sat in n deep nnd solemn gloom. Tho funerosl rustling of dresses and tho low buzz of conversation began to die swiftly down, nnd presently not tho ghost of a sound was left. This profound nnd increasingly impressive still ness contiuuod yet during somo time — tho best preparation for musio, speotncle or spooch oon- oeivablo. I should think our show people would havo invented or imported that simple end im pressive devioc for scouring and solidifying the attention of an audienoe long ago ; instead of which thoy continue to this dsy to open a per formance against a deadly competition in the form of ooise, confusion and a soattored in terest. Finally, out of darkness nnd distance and myBtory soft rich notes rose upon tho stillness, and from his gravo tho dead magioian began to weavo his spells about his disciples and stoop tboir souls in his enoliantmonts. There was somothing strangely impressivo in the fnnoy which kept intruding itself .that tho composer was oonsoious in his gravo of what .was going on here, and that these divine sounds wore the clothing of thoughts whioh were at this moment passing through his brain, not recog- nised and familiar ones whioh had issued from it at some formor time. Tho entire overture, long as it was, was played to a dark honse with the curtain down. It was exquisite, it was delicious. But straightway thereafter, of course, camo tho singing, and it doos seem to me that nothing can mako a Wagner opera absolutely porfcot and satisfactory to tho untntorod but to leave out the vocal parts. I wish I could see a Wag. nor opera dono in pantomime onoo. Then ono would havo tho lovoly orchestration unvexed to listen to and bathe his spirit in, and tho bowilderingly beautiful scenery to iatoxioato bis eyes with, and tho dumb noting couldn't mar these ploasures, beoauso thoro isn't olton anything in, tho Wagner opera that one would call by suoh a violent name as noting ; as a rule all you would seo would bo a couple of silent people, one of tliern standing still, tho othor catching flics. Of course, I do not really moan that ha wonld be catching flics, I ouly moan that tho usual operatio ges tures, which oonaist in reaohing first one hand out into tho air nnd then tho other, might suggest tho sport I speak of if tho operator attended striotly to business and uttorod no sound. This present opera was Parsifnl. Mme. "Wag- nor doOB not permit its representation anywhere but in Beyrouth. The first act of the tliroe occupiod two hours, and I enjoyed that in spite of the singing. I trust that I know as well as anybody that singing is ono of the roost entrancing and bewitching and moving and eloquent of all tho vehicles invented by man for the conveying of feeling ; bnt it seems to mo that a chief virtuo in song is melody, air, tunc, rhythm or what you please to call it, and that when this feature is absent what remains 4s a picture with tho color loft out. I wad not ablo to detcot in tho vocal parts of Parsifal anything that might with confidence be called rhythm or tune or melody ; one person performed at a time — and a long time, too — often in a noble and always in a high-priced voioe ; bnt ho only pulled out long notes, then some short ones, then another long one, then a Hharp, quiok, peremptory bnrk or two — and so on and so on ; and when he wan donryou saw that the information which bo had tmveyed had not compensated for tho disturbabco. Not always, but pretty often. If two of thom would but put in a duot occasionally and blond tbu voices; but no, thoy don't do that. Tho great mastor, who knew so well how to mako a hundred instru ments rojoioo in unison and pour out their souIb in mingled and inoladious tidos of de licious Sound, deals only in barren boIoh wiion bo puts in tho vocal parts. It may be that ho was doop, and only addod tho singing to Ids operas for tho sake of tho oontrnst it would make with the music. Singing I It does seem tho wrong namo to apply to it. Striotly do- scribed, it is a practising of dlllioult nnd un pleasant intervals, mainly. An ignorant person gots tired of listening to gymnastio intervals in tho long run, no mnttor how pleasant they may be. In Parsifal there is a kormit namod Gnrnemnnz who Btands on the stage in tho ono spot and praotises by tho hour, while first ono and then nnothor diameter of tho oast onduros what ho can of it aud retires to die. During tho oveniug there was an intermission of thrco-qiiartors of an hour after tho first not, nnd ono an hour long after tho soaond. In both instances tho theatre was totally emptied. People who had previously engaged tables in tho ono solo oating house wero ablo to put in their timo very satisfactorily ; tho othor thou sand went hungry. The opera was oonoluilod at 10 in tha availing, or n little later. When we reached homo wo hail hobn gono more than soven hours. Seven hours at 5 dol. a tiokct is almost too maoli for tho money. While browsing about tho front yard among tho crowd hotweon tho acta I encountered 12 or 15 friends from diffeient parts of America, and UiOBe of thom who wore most familiar with IVagncr said that Parsifal soldom ploased at first, but that aftor ono had hoard it several times It was almost euro tp ficoomo tho favorite. It seemod impossible, hut it was tvuo, for tho statement camo from pooplo whoso word was not to be doubted. And I gathorod somo further information. On tho ground I found part of a Gorman musi cal magazine, and in it a letter written by Uhlio 33 years ago, iu which he defends the scorsed and abused Wagner against people like mo, wiio found fault with tho oomprehensivo absenoe of what our kind regards as singing. Uhlic says Wagner despised " jeno plapperudo musik," and therefore "runs, trills nnd sofinorkol are discarded by him." I don't know what a sohaiirkol is, but now that I know it has boon left out of theso operas I nevor havo missed anything so muoh in my lifo. And Uhlio further says that Wagnor's song is true song; that it is "simply ompha- siBod intoned speech," That oertainly describes it in Parsifal nnd some of tho other operas ; and, if I understand Uhlio's elaborate Gorman, ho apologises for tho beautiful nirs in Tnnn- hiluBor. Very well ; now that Wagner nnd 1 understand each othor, perhaps wo shall got along better, and I shall stop oalling him Waggnor, on the American plan, and hereafter call him Voggner, as per Gorman onstom, for I feci entirely friendly now. Tho minute wo goi reconciled to a person how witling wo are to throw aside little noodlcss punctilios and pro nounce his nnmo right. Of oourse I camo homo wondering why pooplo should oomo from nil the oornors of Amorioa to boar those oporas, when we havo lately had a season or two of them in Now York with thoso same singers in tho several parts, and possibly this same orchestra. I resolved to think that out at all hazards. On tho following day thoy played tho only operatio favorite I have ovor had— an opera whioh has always driven me mad with ignorant delight whenever I havo heard it — TannhKu- ser. I heard it first when I was a youth, I heard it last in the last Gorman season in New York. I was busy on this occasion, and I did not intend to go, knowing I should have another TannaliSuser oppertnnity in a few days ; but after 5 o'clock I found myself freo and walked out to the opera house and arrived ahont the beginning of tho second not. My opera tieket admittod me to the grounds in front, past the polioomnn and the chain, and I thought I would tako a rest on the bench for an hour or two and wait for the third act. In a momont or so tho first bugles blow, and the multitude began to orumbls apart and melt into tho thoatro. I will explain that this huglo call Is one of the pretty features here. You see, tho theatre is empty, and hundreds of tho au dience are a good way off in the feeding honse ; tho first huglo call is blown about n quarter of an hour beforo time for the curtain to rise. This oompany of buglers, in uniform, maroh out with military step and sond out over tho landscapo a fow bars of the tbemo of the ap proaching act, piercing tho dig buncos with the grnoions notes, thon they maroh to tho othor entranco and repeat. Presently they do this over again. Only about 200 pooplo wore still left in front of tho house when tho second call was blown ; In another half minute they would have beon In tho house, but then a thing happened whioh delayed them — tho one solitary thing in this world whioh could be relied on with certainty to accomplish it, I suppose — an imperial princess appeared in the baloony above them. They stopped dead in their tracks, and began to gazo, in a stupor of gratitude and satisfaction. The lady presently saw that sho muBt disappear or tho doors would bo closed upon theso worshippora, so she returned to her box. This daughter-in- law of an emperor was pretty ; she had a kind face ; she was without airs ; she is known to be full of oommon human sympathies. Thoro ore many kinds of princes, but this kind is tho most harmful of all, for wherever thoy go tlioy rooon- oilo people to monarchy and Bet book tho olook of progress. The valuable princes, the desirabio princes, aro tho Oznre and their sort. By their mere dumb presonoe in tho world they oover with derision overy nrgumont that can be in- vonted in favor of royolty by the most ingenious casuist. In his time the husband of this prin cess was valuable. Ho led a dograded life, he ended it with his own hand in circumstances and surroundings of a hideous sort, and was buried like a god. In tho opera house thore is a long loft book of the audience, a kind of open galiory, ia which prinoes are displayed. It is suorod to thom, it is tho liolv of holies. As soon ss the fillino of tha houso is about completo, tho standing multi tude turn and fix their eyes upon the princely layout, and gaze mutoly and longingly and adoringly and regretfully like sinners looking into heaven. They becomo wrapt, unoonsoious, steoped in worship, Thero ia no speotaole any where that is more pathetia than this. It is worth orossingmany ooeans toseo. It is somehownot the same gaze that pooplo rivatupon a Victor Hugo, or Niagara, or tho bones of the mastodon, or tho guillotine of tlio revolution, or the great pyra mid, or distant Vesuvius smoking in tho sky, or any man long oelebrated to you by his genius and achievements, or tiling long celebrated to you by the praises of books and piotures — no, that gaze is only the gaze of intense! curiosity, interest, wonder, engaged in drinking delicious deep draughts that taste good all tho way down and appease and satisfy the thirst of a lifotimc. Satisfy it — that is the word. Hugo and tho mastodon will still tiava a de gree of interest thereafter when encoun tered, but never anything approaching . tho ecstasy of that first viow. Tho interest of a prince is different. It tony bo onvy, it may he worship, doubtless it is a mixture of both — and it docs not satisfy its thiret with one viow, or even noticeably diminish it Perhaps tlio essenco of the thing is the value which men attaah to a valuable somothing whioh has come by luok and not beon oatned. A dollar pioked up in the rond is more satisfaction to you than the ninety nnd nine whioh you had to work for, and money won at faro or in stocks snuggles into your heart in tho samo way. A princo picks up grandeur, power, nnd a permanent holiday and gratis support by a pure accident, tho accident of birth, and ho stands always bo- fore the grieved eye of poverty and obscurity a monnmontal voprosontatlvo of luok. And then — supruinest valuo of all— his is tho only high fortune on the earth whioh is Beoure. The commeroial millionaire may bocomo a beggar ; tho Illustrious statesman can mnko n vital mistake and bn dropped and forgotton; tho illustrious general oan loso a decisive battle and with it the consideration of mou ; but onoo a prince always a prinoe, that is to say, an imita tion god, and neither hard fortuno nor an infa mous character nor an addled brain nor tho spoeoh of an ass oan undeify him. By oom mon consent ot all tho nations and nil tho ages, tho most valuable thing iu this world is tho homage of mon, whothor deserved or unde served. It follows without doubt or question thon that tho mqst desirable position possible is that of a priooo; and I think it also follows that tho so-called usurpations with whioh his tory aro littered aro tlio most oxansahlo mis-, demoauors which men have committed. To usurp a usurpation — that is all it amounts to, isn't it? A prinoe is not to us what ho is to a Euro pean, of aourso. Wo havo not boon taught to regard him ns a god, ami so ono good look nt him is likoly to so nearly npponse our ourlosity ns to mako him an object of no great interest next timo. IVo want a fresh one. But it is not so with the Enroposh, I am quito euro of it. The samo old ouo will answer; ho novor Htnles. Eighteen years ago I wab in London, and I called at nn Englishman's houso on a bleak and foggy nnd dismal December afternoon to visit his wife nnd married dnnghtor, by appointment. I waited half an hour, and then tlioy arrived frozen. Thoy explained that thoy had been delayed by nn uulookod for ciroumstanco. Whilst passing in tho neighbor hood of J lull bo rough Houso they saw a crowd gathering, and were told that tlio Prinoo of Wales was about to ilrivo out, so tlioy stopped to get a sight of iiim. Tlioy had waited a half hour on tho sidewalk, freezing with tho arowd, hut wore disappointed at Inst ; tho Prinoe had changed his mind. I said, with a good deal of surprise : — "Is it possible that you two have lived in London all your lives, and havo nevor scon tho Princo of Wales ?" Apparently it was their turn to bo surprised, for tlioy exclaimed : "AVhat an idea ! Why, wo havo Been him hundreds of times." Thoy had soon him hundreds of timos, yot they had waited half nn hour in the gloom and tho hitter Oo'ul, in the midst cf a jam cf patients from the same asvlnm on the ohaneo of Seeing him again. It was a stupefying state ment, but ono is obligod to bcliovo tho Eng lish, oven when they say a thing like that. I fumbled around for p. remark and got out this ono : "I can't undorstnnd it nt all. If I hud novcr seen Gon. Grant, I doubt if I would do that even to got a Bight of him," with a slight cm- phnsis on the last word. Their hlnnk faces showod that thoy wondered whero tho parallel camo in. Thon thoy said blandly": " Of oourso not. He is only n Prosidont." It is doubtless a fact that a prince is a perma nent interest, nn interest not subject to deterio ration. Tho general who was nevor defeated, the gonoral who nover bald a oonnoil of war, the only general who over commanded a connected battle front 1200 miles long, tho smith who welded together tho broken parts of a groat republic and reestablished it where it is quite likely to outlast all tho monarchies present and to oomo, was really a person of no serious consc- queuoo to thoso people. To thom, with thoir training, my general was only a man aftor all, while their prinoo was clearly muoh mora than that, a being of a wholly unsimilar construction and constitution, a being of no more blood and kinship with men than are tho serene eternal lights ot tlio firmament with the poor dnll tallow oandlos of commerce that spultor and dio and leavo nothing behind bnt a pinoh of ashes and a stink. I saw tho last act of Tnnnhauser. I snt In tlio gloom and the deep stillness, waiting — ono minute, two minutes, I do not know exaotly how long— then tho soft musio of the hidden orchestra began to breathe its rich, long sighs out from nndcr the distant stage, and by and by tho drop curtain parted in the mid lie and was drawn slowly aside, disclosing a twilightod wood and a wayside shrine, with a whito robed girl praying-and a inan standing near. Presently that noble chorus of men's voices was hoard approaching, and from that moment until tho olasing of tho curtain it was musio, just music- music to make ono drunk with pleasure, muRlc to make one tako scrip and staff and beg his way round the globe to hear it. To snoh as are intending to oomo horo in tho AVagner season next year I wish to say, bring your dinnor pail with you. If you do you will novor cease to be thankful. If you do not you will find It a hard fight to savo yourself from famishing in Bayreuth. Beyrouth is merely a large village, and has no vory large hotola or eating honsos. The principal inns arc tho Golden Anobor and tho Sun. At either of theso places you can get an excellent meal — no, I mean you can go thore and see othor pooplo got it. " There is no charge for this. Tho town, is littered with restaurants, but thoy are small nnd bad, and they aro ovordrivon with oustom. You must sconre a table hours beforehand, and often when you arrive you will find Borne- body occupying it. AYc havo had this expe rience. AVo have had a daily sorambie for lifo ; and when I say we, I inolddo shoals of people. I have tho impression that the only peoplo who do not havo to soramblo are tho veterans — tho diioiplcs wlio have been hero before and know tho ropes. I think thoy arrive about a week before tho first opera, and engaga all the tables for the season. My tribo have tried all kinds of plaoes — Bomo outsido of tho town a mile or two— and havo captured only nihblings and odds and ends, never in any Instanco a completo and satisfying meal. Digestible? No, tho reverse. Theso odds and odds are go ing to servo as souvenirs of Bayreuth, and in that regard their value is not to be over esti mated. Photographs fade, brio h-brao gots lost, busts of AVagnor got broken, hut onco you ab sorb a Bayrenth restaurant meal, it is your possession nnd your property until tho timo comos to embalm the tost of you. Someof thoso pilgrims liero hecomo in effeat cabinets ; cabinets of souvonirs of Bayreuth. It is bulievod among sciontists that you could examine the orop of a dead Bayreuth pilgrim anywhere in the earth and tell where he camo from. But I liko this ballast. I think a " Hermitage " scrnpo-up at eight in tbo evening, when all the faroino breeders havo beon there and laid in tholr mementoes and gone, is tho quioteBt thing you can lay on your keolson exocpt gravel. They keep two teams of singers in stock for the chief rdiss, and ono of those is composed of tho moat renowned artists iu tho world, with Matorna and Alvnry in tho lend. I suppose a double team is necessary ; doubtless n single team would die of oxhnustion in a week, for all tho ploys last from 4 in the afternoon till 10 at night. Nearly all the labor falls upon tho half dozen head singers, nnd apparently thoy are re quired to furnish all the noise they can for tho money. If they tool a sots, wuispcry, mystorious feeling, they are required to open out nnd lot tho public know it. Operas aro given only on Snudays, Mondays, AVednesdnys and Thursdays, with throo days of ostensible rest per woek, and two teams to do tho four operas ; but tho osten sible rest is devoted largely to relioarslng. It is said that the off days are devoted to rehearsing, from somo time ia the morning till 10 at night. Are there two orohestrau also? It is quite likely, since there are 110 names in the orchestra liBt. Tho third opera was Tristan nnd Isolde. I have seen all sorts of audiences— at theatres, operas, concerts, lectures, sermons, funerals- hut nono which was twin to tho AVagner audience of Bayreuth for fixed and reverential attention, absolute stillness and petrified re. tontion to the end of an not of the attitude assumed at tho beginning of it. You dctoct no mavemont in the solid mass of hoads and shoulders, you seem to sit with tho doad in the gloom of a tomb. You know that thoy aro being stirred to their profoundest depths ; that tli ere are timos when thoy want to rise and wave handkerchiefs and Bbout thoir approbation, nnd times wlion tears are running down their faoes and it would bo a relief to freo their pent emotions ill sobs or screams ; yet you hear not ono utternuob till tlio onrtnln swings together and tho closing strains have slowly foiled out and diod ; then the dead riso with ono impulse nndshaketlie building with their applause. Evory sent is full in tli. first act, thore ib not a vacnnt one in the lust. If a man would liko to bo oon- splouons, let him oomo hero and retire from tho opera boti9e in the midst of an act. It would mako him celebrated. This audienoe reminds me of nothing I have over spen anil of nothing I have read about, exeopt tho city in tlio Arabian tale, whore nit tile inhabitants havo been turned to brass, and the traveller finds thom, after centuries, mute, motionless, nnd still retaining the attitudes which they lost knew In lifo. Here the AVagner audience dress as thoy ploaso, and sit in the dark and worship in Bilenco. At tho Metro politan, in Now York, thoy eit in a glare, they wear their showiest harness, they ham aire, they squeak fans, thoy titter and thoy gabble all tho time. In some of the boxes the conversation a ml laughter aro so loud as to divide tho atten tion of tho house with the stago. In largo measure tho Metropolitan is a show caso for rich fashionables who aro not trained in AVagnorinn musio and luwo no reverence for it, but who liko to promote art and show their clothes. Con that be an agroenblo atmosphoro to per sons in whom' this music ji produces a sort of divine eastacy, and to whom its oroat'or is Oi vety deity, his stago a tampis, tho works of his brain and hands oonsecrntod things, and the partaking of them witli cyo and oar n sacred solemnity? Manifestly, no. Then perhaps tho temporary expatriation, tho tedious travers ing of seas and oontinonts, tho pilgrimngo to Beyrouth, stands explained. Theso devotees would worship in an atmosphoro of devotion. It is only lioro that thoy oan find it without (leek or hlomish or any worldly pollution. In this remote villago there aro no sights to seo, there is no nowspapor to intruda the worries of tho distant world, there ia nothing going on, it is nlwuys Sundny, Tlio pilgrim wends to his templo out of town, sits out Ids moving sorvieo, returns to Ids bed with his hoart and his soul niul his body exhausted by long hours of tromon- dous emotion, and liu is in no fib condition to do anything but lio torpid nnd slowly gather back lifo nnd strength for the next servlco. This opora of Tristan anil Isolde broke tlio hearts of all witnossos who wore of tho faith, and I know of somo and havo heard of many who oonld not sloop aftor it, hut criud the night away, I foot strongly out of plnoo horo. Sometimes I feel liko tho ono sano porson in a oommunity of tho mad ; sometimes I feel like the ono blind man where all others see ; the ono groping savage in tlio oollego of the learned, and always during servioe I foe) like a horotio in heaven. But by no moans do I ever overlook or minify ttic fact that this is ono of the most extraordi nary oxporioiiccs of my life. I havo novor seen anything liko tills beforo. I have never soon anything so groat and fino and real as this devo tion. Parsifal was givon again. Tho others wont, and they show mnrkod advance iu appreciation ; but I went hunting fur relics and reminders of tho Margravine Witholmina, oho of the im perishable " Memoirs." I om properly grateful teller for hor (unoonsoious) satire upon monarohy and nobility, and therefore nothing whioli hor hand touched, or hor oyc looked upon, is indif ferent to mo. I nm her pilgrim ; the rest of this multitude horo are AA'agner'a. I havo soon my last two operas, my soason is ended, nnd we cross over into Bohemia. I was supposing' that my musioal regeneration was ncoomplishad and perfcotcd, beoauso I onjoyod both of thoso operas, singing' and all, and, moreover, ono of thom was Parsifal; but tlio exports havo disenchanted mo. Tlioy say : — "Singing I That wnsn't singing; that was tho wailing and soroeohing of third rate obscurities, palmed off on us in tho Interest of oonnomy." AVcll, I ought to have recognised tlio sign — the old, sure sign that has nover failed mc in matters of art. AVhencver I enjoy anything in art, it means that it is mighty poor. The pri vate knowledge of this faat lias savod mo from going to piooos with enthusiasm in front of many nnd many n oltromo. However, my bnao instinct does bring me profit sometimes : I was the only man out of 3200 who got his monoy back on tboso two operas. 