CONSTANCE. '.BY F. 0. PHILIPS, Author of "The Dean mid his Daughter," " An ill u Looking- glass," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXXVL And it was about this time that fate played into her hands. Mine, do Man pus' visits to Hortcuso first attracted her attention. What did she go there for ? Not to order new gowns, for her prices wore far beyond their modest means. She offered to accompany her sister, but Felicie promptly declined. Then, by sheer accident, she dis covered that she met Daphne there, and was determined toiprobo the mystery to ' the bottom. " Wo never seo Mrs. Armitago now,1" slio said, feeling lier way. "Are they not re turned ?" llaoul, who was present, looked up from his book. " Weeks ago !" ho replied eurtly, dropping his eyes again. " Have we then been so unfortunate as to offend her, or is she ill ?" " Neither, I believe." " Are you the culprit, Raoul ?" she then asked, shaking her linger rebnkingly at him. " Have your eyes told too flattering a tale and scared the pretty bird ?" " It pleases jidlle Clairotte to be enigma tical," was Kaoul's solo rejoinder to this pleasantry. A minute later ho quitted the room. Felicie turned angrily to her sister. " What possessed you to bring Mrs. Arrni- tage1s name on the tapis ?" she cried. " Have you no brains that you cannot see it is a sore subject ?" " Why should it be ?" Angele settled her- sclr comfortably m her chair ana joined the tips of her slender fingers together. She loved an argument. " What has she to do with us ?" " Nothing whatever." " Then where is the harm in mentioning her ? You and she were such dear friends before she went to Monte Carlo that I tnay surely be pardoned for wondering what has chanced to part you." Eclieie was silent. She did not eare to enlighten Angele. In her own mind she thought her sister was making a fool of her self, for; she felt convinced that ltaoul do Maupas had not the faintest intention of marrying her, and, all things considered, she preferred that he should remain single. He was an agreeable companion, and a man about the house was always an acquisition, and his income made a considerable difference to tlieir expenses. He was generous, even lavish, where he felt his wishes were studied. / " My dear girl, for some reason, known only to yourself you do not like Mrs. Armi- tage," she replied, evasively. ."-."Now, Eclieie, you don1 1 intend to infer thnt that is the reason her visits here have ceased. I am scarcely likely to believe that. Have you seeu her at all since her re turn ?" " Yes, I have." " Oh, you have called upon her ?" " No, I met her accidentally." Angele asked no more questions. She 3aw very plainly that she was to be kept in the dark, and deeply resented it. But she would not be worsted. She would watch and wait. A letter came by hand for madame one morning bearing Mme. Jlortense's seal upon the envelope, and without giving herself time for reflection she tore it open aud rapidly mastered its contents. " At 1 this afternoon." It was not even signed. A few minutes later Eelicie entered the room, and walked straight up to the mantelshelf. "Is there not a letter for me?" she asked, seeing nothing there. " I am so sorry, Eelicie," replied Angele, calmly. " A bill or something of the sort came half an hour ago. 1 was lookiug over old letter and papers and destroying them, aud I believe it must have got mixed up with them and is burned. It could not have been of much consequence — it was only from Hortcnse. Trust her to send it in again soon enough." Felicie bit her lip. " It is not like you to be so careless," she said sharply. But she had not tiie faintest suspicion of the "truth. As it chanced she had met Mme. Hortcnse in the street and learned that a letter had been sent to her, and that an appointment was made for 1 o'clock. A good deal to Angble s surprise, her sister- proclaimed her intention of remaining at home that afternoon. It was strange. But what was stranger still, at half-past 3 Kucml came in, so tired, he declared he could not move another step, whereupon Eclieie beckoned him into the inner salon, and after a whispered word or two he ran blithely upstairs and must speedily have overcome his fatigue, for wiLbin ten minutes Auge.le heard tile outer door shut, lie had gone out. The appointment, - then, was with liiiu. Oh, it was iniquitous I scandalous 1 disgrace ful ! And Eelicie could sit there calmly and countenauee it all. Angele paced the room in a perfect paroxysm of rage aud virtuous indignation. So her sister was tiie go- between, the cat'spaw, aud ltaoul and his inamorata met by her connivance aud arrangement. And then Angele took com fort in an old English adage and told herself triumphantly that he "laughed best who laughed last," and that her day was still to come. ; When therefore Felicie walked in one afternoon followed closely by Daphiie herself, she could not, restrain a start of surprise. " You are a stranger !" slie said, graciously enough. " Wo never see you now." Daphne murmured something about being busy which was not intelligible. " What brought her to the Hue St. Hcaore ?" wondered Angele. " You will stay aud have dinner with us? " pleaded Eelicie. jgAnd tlien Angele learned that Mr. Armi- tage was from home, which somewhat cx- phdned matters. Daphne required very little pressing. It had all been arranged beforehand — that Angfele could see nt a glance. Really tliey must think her very obtuse if they imagined they would so easily throw dust iu her eyes. Daphne was carried off to Felicie s own room, from which she did not emerge until ' the dinner hour. Raoul came in ten minutes before. Angele heard his step and weut opt to meet him, smiling her sweetest. " Guess," said she, " who is here I " " How can I guess," lie cried, impatiently. "Let mo pass, Angele, I am otf to Amiens to-night, and shall barely lmve time." " To Amicus ? 11 in great surprise. " What takes you there ? " " Business," he said curtly, caring nothing who Felieie's visitor might he. But when he opened itlie salon door and saw the petite figure cnsconscd in a big easy chair, his face lighted up, and with a quick step he crossed tile lloor, speaking a few words rapidly in a half-whisper. Angele's sharp ear caught the familiar " tu toi," which was all that was needed to confirm her suspi cions. Dinner over, Daphne was anxious to re turn home. Gerald would be back within an hour or two, and she must be there to greet him, and iu was only natural that Raoul should offer to drive her back on His way to the station. For halfi a second Bhe demurred. It was running a risk. And yet Daphne wished it so much that lior better judgment was stifled. With a smile she acquiesced, hastily donned her walking attire, and ran lightly down the stone staircase, followed by ltaoul, who paused to bid his sister-iu-law good-bye. " Home to-morrow," he called out as ho waved lii3 hand gaily. Angele behind the portiere watched him hand his companion into a iiaere and take his place beside her, and she set her teeth savagely together. " He had not the civility to bid inc fare well. Never mind, I count for nothing now, but presently, qui vivra verra." ZI i r , n'Pl.Ml V W! TT " Co n'est quo le premier pas qui coute," and having yielded so much it seemed but a trifle more to allow herself to bo persuaded into driving with M. Raoul us far as the station itself, instead of being dropped at her own door, and Daphne consented, when after a hurried glance at his watcli the young man declared that he would all but lose his train, the stupid coachman was so slow " A quarter-past 8 I 1 shall just do it." Ho hurried iu, closely followed by Daphne. . " Oh, come along, he said, when she would have bidden him farewell. " 1 shall lie oil in a minute. He had a carriage to himself, flung ins lines and wraps in. . "After all," ho said, " we need not. have hurried. Wo have live minutes yet before tiie train starts. Don't go." "Whore is mv pared?" asked Daphne suddenly. " 1 gave it- to .V"U in the carnage. , Have you left- it behind /" ' " No, it is lien'." t ! Daphne climlait mi into the carringo and , I look it- from bim. j Tli-re "it riown. How I wi.sh vou '.vc.rc coming with me ; wo should have it all to ourselves. You might just as well come a little way ; you could get out and return by tho next train." " Oh, no. Think what it would bo if I did not get back until after Mr. Armitagc had returned." She turned pale at the thought. " I had better get out now," she added, nervously. The next instant she lind shrank back in dismay, crouching away out of sight. "He is there — see — Gerald himself; oh, what am I to do ? I am lost." "Nonsense!" M. do Maupas sprang t.o his feet and leaned leisurely out of tho window, blocking the aperture and effec tually screening Daphne. A shriek — a loud whistle and the train began to move. "Stop," cried tho girl wildly. "I must get out. For God's sake stop." " It is impossible." The young man threw himself beside her anrl coolly possessed him self of the trembling bauds. " It is too late now. We must just make the best of it. It was very unlucky that your husband should have returned earlier than you anticipated, but you cannot expect me to be heartbroken over it, since it lias secured to me a couple more hours in your society." " Of course I shall get down at tho next station." " What do you mean ?" she asked in surprise. " This train docs not stop until we reach Amiens." Daphne grew as white as death. Then she faced him sternly. " Why do you lie to me ?" she said.' " You yourself proposed that I should go as far as Creii, and return by the next train to l'aris. If you knew that this was an express you were wilfully deceiving me." li "P.jilwi " lin nrnrl. ' mv nrftM.v 7V'h3. whv need you go back at all ?" and lie unfolded the diabolical plau lie had been cogitating for months past. Fate had thrown the girl in liis arms, and he never doubted but that by cajolery aud sophistry he would keep her, hut as Daphne listened lier eyes gleamed angrily aud she held her breath ; she let him have liis say, interrupting hirn by not so much as a word, aud, deceived by her manner, at last lie flung his arm around her waist and pressed his lips to her soft face. To his intense surprise the girl clenched her hand and struck him a sharp sudden blow, wrenching herself from his grasp. " Leave my husband, for — you ?" she cried. " A man who has no spark of honor in his whole composition, who stoops to trade upon a woman's credulity and weakness I Coward that you are. Never, never?" " One thing is certain," remarked tho Frenchman, with a sneer, "your husband will hardly he prepared to pardon this esca pade, and in that ease what is to become of you ? You will think better of it, I am sure you will, and instead of remainiug at Amicus we will cross over to England." Dapbno lifted lier eyes full of tho scorn that filled lier bosom. " Is monsieur doing me the honor of wishing to make me his wife ?" Raoul shrugged his shoulders. " My husband will, of course, divorce me." " We will wait and see what happens ; matters will arrange themselves." " And it is to the honor of such a man that I am to trust myself ? No ; 1 prefer to cast myself upon the mercy of my husband. I have disobeyed and deceived him, but he will believe in my innoecuce of all wish for wrongdoing." Her voice broke- aud she covered lier face witli her hands. How wicked she had been, how foolish. To do the girl justice, frivolous and eaten up with vanity though she was, this was the sum and substance of lier offending. Her stolen interviews bad been charming, commending themselves to her as much because ot the spice of naughtiness and romance tliey con tained us for the sake of the pretty compli ments she received. The whole thing had been a huge joke m Daphne's eyes. It was such fun to get ahead of Gerald, to laugh ill ilCl DltU C, IlUtV tllOUJ out. uuuu- wink him, but now lier eyes filled with tears, ltot. tears of shame and mortification, by lier own folly she had placed herself in her present position, ail d she had only her own culpability to thank for the insulting proposition this man had dared to make iier. She withdrew to the fan best corner and turned .lier head steadily away. .For fully half an hour M. do Maupas argued aud coaxed. Ho would marry her, lie said, if she ex acted it, and if tiie law freed her. Never a word said Daphne, but her lips straitened themselves into a long uiicurving line, and the utter contempt she lelt for her com panion expressed itself in every line of her lovely iittle face. And on .rushed the train, hearing her every moment, further and further away from lier husband and her home. It was almost dark by tho tiino tliey reached Amiens. Feeling dazed and stupefied, Daphne rose from lier seat and made her way to the door. M. de Maupas sprang on the platform and held out his hand to lied p her to alight, but she pushed it aside and got out unassisted. >She had no notion where to go or what to do, all she desired was to free herself from his hated presence. Luckily she had her purse with her, she was not penniless. " We had better go to 'Le Ducd'Orleans,'" he said, composedly. "I believe it is a very good hotel." Daphne did not deign to answer, but marched out of the sLation, closely followed by the young man. There were several iiuores waiting. Accosting the driver of one, she asked him if be could recommend a quiet and inexpensive hotel, and a minute later she got in, and pulled the duor to after lier. " Come, Daphne, this is carrying things too far," cried M. do Maupas, angrily. " Uf course I am coming with you." " 1 absolutely decline to permit you to do any such tiling." Daphne held her small head very high. " Drive on," she said to the coachman. But the young man was not to be shaken off so easily, lie engaged another iiaere, and followed as rapidly us possible. While she was still iu tho entrancc-luill he came to her "Let us be friends," lie said uneasily. " I will urge nothing that is repugnant to you. I swear it." Daphne looked him blankly in the face, as if she had never seen him before in lier life. " Monsieur evidently mistakes me for some one else," she said in a loud clear voice, for the benefit ol' the landlady and a couple of servants. " I have not the honor of liis acquaintance," and deliberately turned lier back upon him. The next moment she had disappeared up the stairs. ltaoul de Maupas swore fiercely and tugged nt the ends of liis long mous tache, but ho was bound to confess himself defeated. " What a little devil the girl is I I should never have given lier credit for so much spirit," ho muttered vexcdly. Upstairs, with lier dour shut and locked, and a heavy bureau pushed close to it to make it doubly secure, 1 >aphns was sobbing wildly and unrestrainedly. Now that she was alone and had nothing to fear lier anger and pride melted away, and she felt the frightful position she was placed in and tiie dillieulty of extricating herself from it. It would be impossible to- return to l'aris until the morning, and the poor child trembled at the thought of lier husband's anger. She was too miserable to go to bed, but sat shivering until morning, when she flung herself down and fell asleep, worn out witli excitement and misery. When siie awoke it was (past 8 o'clock, and she sprang up with a cry of consternation. She must have slept nine hours. No one had been near her, but something white on the carpet caught lier eye. It was a letter thrust under the door, and before she opened it she knew from whom it came, aud her heart sank within lier. A night's reflection had somewhat re assured ill. de Maupas. Daphne was English, lw reasoned : he had taken lier bv surmise : she must have time to become reconciled to her position. But that in tho end she would yield and accompany liiin lie never doubted. Wily not ? She did not love lier husband ; indeed, she openly flouted and mocked him. She had been ready enough to betray liis confidence and meet the man who proclaimed himself her lover. That she should seriously wish to draw back now was nil absurdity. M. de Mmipas liad little faitli in any woman's virtue, and none in Daphne's. He never supposed it possible that she should feel outraged and indignant at bis cold-blooded proposition, it was, to linn, the natural climax, and since lie was ready to meet her halfway, it puzzled him that she should, so late iu t he day, give her self airs and ape a modesty it was out of the question she could really feel. Therefore lie wrote an amorous epistle, couched in terms whieti bronebt a hot. blush to Daphne's checks and the smarting tears iu her eyes. Klie would forgive him ' They must not, quarrel. She should be allowed to make her | own terms, ami might- live where the pleased, j and lie was lier devoted lover, | Daphne set her linn white teeth together e .t ' via.,' I... , s' . and tore this composition into shreds and Hung them on the lloor. And Raoul de Maupas waited in vain for his answer. .He would not leave the hotel while siie was there. It argued well that she had not returned to Paris earlier in the day. He did | not know that it was from pure accident I that she had not. I And then Daphne, uncertain how to act, j longing to return home, yet shrinking from I lier husband's wrath and just anger, be thought lier of Coustancc, and iu lier hour of need appealed to lier womanly heart. After lier telegram was on its way, slio grew mere comforted. Constance was so reliant ; so sure ; she would tell lier the whole truth, the shameful story from first to last, and leave herself in her hands. But there was another night to got through before lier sister-in-law could arrive, and it was a very wan white-faced little girl, the ghost of the blooming Daphne as she remembered lier, who itlung herself weeping into Constance's anns. " Volt have come 1 Oh, how glad I am," she cried hysterically. It was some time before Constance could gather a fair idea of all that had transpired, aiul lier face grew graver as she listened. It would be very hard for Gerald to forgive. That Daphne should have remained two nights in the same Hotel as Monsieur de Maupas was against lier. " 1 could nor help it. I have never seen him. Oh, believe me, Constance. I have only opened my door twice, when they brought n!c something to eat. You will tell him this. It is the truth — indeed, in deed it is." " Is this man here still ? " " I don't know," sighed Daphne. " What dflDS ih in'if.f-nr 7 " Constance laid aside her bonnet and cloak and smoothed hor hair. " Lie down and rest." she said gently. " Shut your eyes and don't fret. 1 shall be back in a short time — ; with good news, I trust." " Where arc you going ? " " 1 will tell you when I come back." She kissed Uaphnc tenderly, and the girl turned , the key iu the lock again and lay down upon her bed. Hut she could not rest — her brain felt on fire, and there was a strange buzzing and singing in her ears that amounted to positive pain. When Constance came back sue was lying very quiet, and thinking she had fallen asleep she sat down by the bedside to determine what her next move was to be, for she had failed iu her first attempt, M. de Maupas, with the utmost politeness, absolutely refused what she de manded, a written statement that he had held 110 communication with Daphne since their arrival at LcsTroia Princes, aud an un varnished account of how she had chanced to be in his couipauy. With many regrets, bows and smirks, 31. dc Maupas was firm. Madame had voluntarily come away with him, he said, and if sho had changed her mind since it was a fact to be deplored. As for himself, he should make a little tour. lie had long wished to go into Italy, and he would not return until this little unpleasantness had passed over. And then he opened the door, and there was nothing left but to walk out. Within two hours M. de Maupas was on his way to England. The game was up. He did not break his heart over Daphne's treat ment of him ; it affected his temper a little, liis appetite not at all. In a word, he ac cepted the inevitable and did not allow him self to be unduly disturbed. People such as he rarely do. (To be continued.) 