GHOSTS. Oke or more of a man's senses may play liim faise while his reasoning powers in general remain unaffected. He may " see" what does not exist; hear a voice where there is none ; have a bitter or nauseous taste where there is nothing to cause it. Furthermore, all emotions are capable of being propagated from person to per son, so as to assume an epidemic form. Almost every age has witnessed such epi demics. About one hundred and fifty years ago the Convulsionnairesof France, beginning with fanatical prayers at the tomb of Fran cois de Paris, at length threw themselves : down, rolled upon the ground, imitated j all sorts of animals, and finally went off into swoons. During the witchcraft delusion in Ame rica in every town to which the £ afflicted" were carried young girls were sure to be taken with the same fitB, and see the same sights. In the Great Revival in Tennessee and Kentucky, at every gathering hundreds fell like corpses; others went on their hands and knees and barked like dogs ; others rolled on the ground, and others still shook as if in convulsions. Some were seized while swearing at the whole thing. Generally only one of the senses is thus disordered, but sometimes more than one is affected. Blake, a distinguished Eng lish painter, who was liable to disordered sensations, describes a fairy funeral which he seemed to have witnessed. He was walking alone in his garden an a still night, when he apparently heard a low and pleasant sound, and at length saw a procession of creatures of the size and co lour of grasshoppers bearing a body laid ! out on a rose-leaf, which they buried with songs and then disappeared. Apparitions are a result of disordered sensations. They are generally seen in the dark, the nervous system being then most impressible; but whatever excites the mind puts one in a state favourable for false appearances. In Berlin, Germany, not long ago, the pupils in one of the public schools saw a "ghost." Soon others began to see simi lar apparitions, and "ghost-seeing" ex tended from school to school as a regular epidemic. j Last year a patient came to the Vander- 1 bilt Clinic, New Fork, with mental hallu cinations and disorders of sight, hearing, smelling, and tasting. He believed him self persecuted. He jsaw skeletons and various persons moving about. With hh right ear he heard three voices talking to him at once, swearing at him and calling him names. He was also tortured by dis agreeable odours, and by peculiar tastes in his drink and food. A church built of coral is one of the curiosities of the Isle of Mahe, one of the Seychelles Islands, in the Indian Ocean* The Seychelles Islands, which are sup posed to be tbe site of the Eden of the Old Testament history, form an archi pelago of 114 islands, and are situated about 1400 miles east of Aden, and 1000 miles from Zanzibar. They rise steeply out of the sea, culminating in the Isle of Mahe, which is about 3000 feet above the level of the ocean, and is nearly the centre of the group. All these islands are of coral growth. The beaches which sur round them are the most beautiful in the world, and are of white, calcareous sands enclosed in coral reefs of tbe most subtle and varied structure. The reefs form a sort of wall around the islands, and when the sun's rays fall slanting on the sands, the shore reflects here and there light tinted rainbows of tbe most exquisite shades. The houses are built of a species of massive coral hewn into square blocks, which glisten like white marble, and show themselves to the utmost advantage in the various tinted green of the thick tropical palms, whose immense fern-like leaves give pleasant and much-needed shade. These palms grow as high a3 100 feet and more, overtopping both the houses and the coral-built church. They line the seashore and cover the mountains, form ing in many places extensive forests. world. It is at Langang, over an arm of the China Sea, and is five miles long, 70 feet high, with a roadway 70 feet wide, and has 300 arches. The parapet is a balustrade, and each of the pillars, which are 75 feet apart, supports a pedestal on which is placed a lion 21 feet long, made of one block of marble. Fifty English sparrows were taken to 1 Australia in 1800. They have multi plied until they now number countless millions. At first they lived entirely on insects ; the later birds prefer fruit, vegetables, and grain, and have ruined hundreds of farmers and gardeners. Lemons are a simple and excellent re medy for biliousness. Take the juice of one or two lemons in as much water as will make it pleasant to drink without sugar before going to bed. In the morn ing on rising, at least half an hour before breakfast, take the juice of one lemon in a tumbler of cold water. A Gulgong contemporary tells the fol lowing story, which shows (says " Will Honeycomb") that tbe devices of the dead beat in - search of a throat lubricant are not yet played out—that there is still something new under the sum :—" A neat trick was played upon me by an old boozer the other day," remarked a publi can. The boozer brought in a bottle and asked for a shilling's worth of whiskey. I drew it, and clung to the bottle while he went through his pockets after the silver. Presently he put on a look of dis may and said he had lost the money. " All right," says I, and turned out the whiskey, and put uil ou. ~i. eBt t.; took the bottle and went away, saying he would be back after the whiskey presently, He did not come back, however, but five five minutes later I found him sitting around the corner, poking something into the bottle with a stick, and after every poke turn out a thimbleful of whiskey into a cup. I seized the bottle and made an investigation, What do you thiDk I found ? Why, the old rascal had forced a sponge as big as my clenced fist into the bottle, and this had soaked up a glassful of my whiskey when I filled the bottle. 