A BATTISM_0F FIRE. Bv Jkankttf. Van Austin®. JX-ENYON BLAKE sat/in his luxurious 111 office, chewing the end of his cigar and mentally anathematising the state of the Money Maiket, and the unreasonable and verv inconvenient caution that had lately characterised even the most reckless of speculators. As a professional blower of bubbles, he had no patience with this timidity and caution — in others ; and it was an unlooked-for exhibition of these undesirable qualities in a big fisli, upon whom he had of late expended much eloquence and more cham pagne s-t several expensive luncheons, and whom he had believed to be fairly booked, thut. had dist urbed his usually placid i ce- per. ,H was one of the rules of his self-inotu-vnt life to dwell as little as possible upon any thing disrgrceable, and to compensate him self for any unpleasantness by the first pleasure that came to hand. Acting upon this habit-, lie opened the handsomely-lilted liqueur-caSe which is always so important a feature of the promoter s sanctum ; and, having pulled 'himself together with an expensive brand of whiskey, lit his cigar — also an expensive brand — and sauntered out. By tiie time .lie had reached Leadcnhah- streetTic had completely banished his dis appointment- from his thoughts, and in its stead- had summoned before ..his mental visioifi sji lap&rition; that was eminently- a pleasant . one. To tell the truth, Bessie Langley'sfsce-aud voice, and soft distinctive charm,' 'hud haitntcd Blake pretty persistently for a couple of- months ; and it needed no great effort oh- bis part to conjure up her unage. Indeed, on more than one occasion lately, in the very lieataud stress of a lively board- meeting, when he needed all his coii- ceni ration and adroitness — for Kcnyon Blake's 'board -meetings were never tame, but frequently very stormy— lie had been startled J by some delightful yet troublous memory of that gracious presence that had set his pulses dancing. To think of her, to wish to be with her, and to gratify that wish was the natural sequence to man of Blake's disposition, and :.n another minute he was inside a hansom bowling rapidly westward, notwithstanding he fact that he had two appointments, and j me board - meeting that imperatively: demanded bis attention that afternoon. Bessie was standing by the g'reat north window when. he came in, looking out . upon die trim garden where the sun shone brightly on the rows of daffodils. Willi the swift gratitude of fiowers, they had plucked ap heart of grace under his genial smile, | and, turning their backs upon the east wind, had resolved to bloom their sweetest. " And what have you been doing lately? May X see 7" asked Kenyon, after she had notived him out a cup of tea v.- high be swallowed with a shudder, but accepted because lie- Jilted to watch the play of her white, deliberate bands. "Nothing; absolutely nothing. I have been horribly idle ; a very blight of laziness seems to have settled on me. But let us talk of something else ; I am not in a work ing mood, as I told you. My brushes and I are ' out,' as Will Carleton would say." Boor Bessie ! The restlessness and disin- dination for - steady work, that she called laziness, was the first effect of the disturbing element that was ci'eeping into her life, and to which -she had not become accustomed. Art had for so long been to her the end and aim of life, that- she could nob as yet com prehend that any other feeling might claim more than a superficial interest from her. She was, moreover, a reserved aiid tender woman : and the circumstances of her life had served to intensify this natural charac teristic. Motherless at 15, she had been left to the care of hex1 "great-uncle, a simple-minded, large-hearted old man of the Colonel New- come type, who lived in a tiny home embowered in a big garden in St. John's Wood. He idolised Bessie, and his pride in her talent, knew no bounds. He took her to Rome for two -years, and from thence to Paris, where she worked for five years in Julian's atelier, and attracted the notice of some of the best men in the profession by the earnestness of her work. It was upon their x'ctxirn to London that Uncle Colin had built her the big bright studio that- was the real heart-home of the entlmsiastic young artist. The gentle old man lived to fjee his darling win lier place upon the line; :,nd then faded gradually and painlessly out- Af life. Bessie had no one left but Ninette — Ninette, _ the shax-p - tongued, cynical daughter of Paris, whose capable hands had held the reins of their little manage there, and who had begged to be allowed to accompany them to England, rather than ; ba parted from Bessie, who had all uncon sciously wound herself tightly round her hard heart. When Uncle Colin died, his pension died w.ith him ; but Bessie's work brought in sufficient to satisfy their simple wants, for Ninette was a wonderful manager. And so the ycax-s sped softly on, and Bessie lived like a nun, seeing only a few fellow-craftsmen, and neither knowing nor caring aug'nt of the outside world. Her work absox-bed her completely, and fully satisfied all the requirements of her nature, so that she remained ignorant and unsus picious of its deeper needs. " She would be charming If she were a woman," a clever Frenchman had said of her to Julian ; "but, unfortunately, she is only an ax-tisb." When Bessie had first met Kenyon Blake, she had I shrunk from him with a curious instinctive feeling that was hardly strong enough to be dislike, bub was perhaps the unconscious recoil of a spotless soul from the smirch and stain of the man. -And it took all Kenyon Blake's strong personal magnet ism, all his power of fascination and astute worldly wisdom, to conquer that first half- unconscious. antagonism, and to win her con fidence as well as her liking. Gradual!', however, she grew to look forward to his visits, and ere very long it oarne to pass tliat many summer mornings foun(Bbii$ swinging idly in . the .hammock that .1-was- "-slung across one corner of the studio, while she ' tried to work;-" -and drank . in his words, all unconscious of whither- she was drifting. Blake ru n folded his schemes and plans to her, and told her amusing stories of his adventures and perils, for he was a good talker and had travelled much, and seen life under many aspects. And in all he recounted there was a cleverly. managed glorification of himself, that somehow left Bessie with the impression that someone else had told her what a princely fellow was this generous, brave, open-hearted man, whom men trusted and women loved. Sometimes his voice would be low, and his eyes grow sad, as he roused her sympathy with the well-told tale of an uncongenial mate; of high aspirations thwarted, great opportunities lost, brilliant successes diverted, his own hopes, interests, and tastes, sacrificed, and himself disheartened and made reckless by the tactless folly of the woman he had married. All this was delicately conveyed of course ; more by implication, at. first, than by actual detraction, and with many a skilfully-drawn contrast that was sxibbly flattering to Bessie, who listened and pitied —and loved ? Ah ! yes. Love forced its way at last into the closed chambers of her heart, thrilling all its fibres to fcenderesb ba-mony under iris tormenting touch, and filling her eyes with the divine unrert which is the' first of tire many penalb s that we women pay for his admission. But the sweetness was >horfc-li,>d, and he realised the hopeUjre:s cf the futui c Loyally she wrestled w th the devil of rebel lion, as <3f old , Jacob wrestled, with the mes senger of God.jl-aild after a time victory seemed to come. ' True, she could nob east out her love, ' bub" she could curb it, and turn it. into the channel of friendship that should -be the joy of her life, and that would pQiQbanco be a cooifwfc to bjjn also. Her heart ached for his loneliness, and for the hideous mockery of his marriage to a woman lie did not love ; and she longed with all her generous, unselfish " soul to ' bring some brightness into his blighted life. ; It tortured her to see that longing, hungry look in his eyes, and the sad tones of his voice awakened in her all that- protecting, . seiui -maternal tenderness that slumbers at j the heart of every true woman. i j Alas, that so few women realise, until it is j too late, how terrible is the power of a man ; who has studied our sex, and who does not ; scruple to turn his knowledge to account ! From the first, the odds arc against us : i-.w we are so easily swayed by personal influences. Remorselessly be gathers the thousand little dainty filaments of our weak nesses and foibles into his hand, and twists them into a cable that binds us. In vain wo struggle. ; we cannot break it- ; and those xvlio muster sufficient courage to cut it asunder, find that they have dug the knife into their own hearts, and purchased their freedom by wounds that perhaps may never heal. It is only a very strong man who can resist using this power when he has once experienced the fascination of its exorcise ; the cravings of his own passion bid him strive for victory at ;u>v price. And most .issuredly Kenyon Blake had never been strong with such noble strength. Even as a young man, v.'hen the chivalric instincts are keenest, ho could rarely summon resolu tion to draw the rein upon his inclinations ; and «i; forty he had an incurable fiabbiness of moral fibre that was the natural result of s a life of grossest selfishness. j He watched poor Bessie's loyal struggles with a half eyiTical, half' cofxi passionate amusement. ' ."Boor .little darling, how ! miserable and holv wicked she fc'It ! , Wall, ' time and he between tlxem would cure that ; and .then— ah, then lie would teach her to j to live ! And the mere thought of his coming triximph sent the blood surging j hotly through bis veins. Bessie had grown very dear to him, and he loved her j with the truest love of which his j selfish, s!i allow nature was capable. That it; was a poor, weak, fleshy parody of the great master-passion was Bessie's misfortune . ralher..than Kenyoir's fault ; for, such as it was, it was the best he bad to give. Inevitably, the climax came; andone July evening, in the quiet garden, the ghostly white lilies trembled on their tall stems as they listened unwillingly to a story that should never have! been told ; and the dim moonlight- shone pityingly down upon a i woman who was palpitating with joy, fear, ; triumph, humiliation, and a dozen other com plex emotions that tug at the heart-strings but defy analysis. At 27, a woman, however sheltered and uneventful her 'girlhood may have been, knows when she should cease to listen ; and Eessio knew. F-ut the band of the conqueror was heavy upon her ; atid her soul, which had never yet stirred to any passion bub tiie iove of her art, was struggling to life, at the call of the man whose ardent words were dropping like gouts of lire into her heart. ; I To all strong-hearted. women the birth of ,; passion is a bewilderment ; a torture of ; sweetness that, leaves the will all limp and ; helpless, and blots everything from out the world, bub the Prospero who lias evoked the storm. "No, we shall not part," he broke in upon her murmured protest. "It is useless to tell me nob to come. As well might you forbid your flowers here to turn towards the light, Nature is stronger than you are, Bessie ; stronger than I am. Do you think I have not struggled and fought my way thi'ough the same scruples and doubts that have assailed you 7 And with the. same result. You have tried to cast out this dream from your heart ; but, dear, you cannot. Niglit and day. the sweet, insistent torment has clung to you, lias pursued you with' whispers of a. joy too great to be renounced— not meant to be renounced. No, you shall not speak — as she tried to stop the words "tlikt" tortured hex-— "I' know what you would say, and I will r.ob listen. All those illogical, timid considerations would find 110 place in your. heart if it were on fire like mine. What is the world to you or to me, with its puerile social laws, and ineffectual barriers ? Follow the voice of love in your heart, and leave the rest to me. Do nob speak ; look up into my face, and let me read those true eyes! Gome, Bessie; come to me, sweet. Come to me for life — for ever !" His voice was husky with passion, and the arms lie held out to her trembled with one of the truest emotions be had ever known. " I cannot, I cannot," she faltered, with a sob in her voice. " Yet you love me ! I feel you do ; while I — my God! child, I worship you! You drive me mad with your quiet, cool ways and tender eyes ! Tell Hie, dear," he went on more quietly, " had I been free would you have answered differently ? Would you have been my wife?" "Ah! Kenyon." " Say, would yon 7" " Yes," very softly. " My sweet !" And in a second she was in bis arms, and he was kissing her greedily on lips and clieek — kisses that burned deep into her soul, and sent the blood of a new life shivering and tingling through hex- veins. For a moment the wonder of this new bliss that verged so closely upon pain blotted everything from her consciousness, and she forgot the struggle that was still unfinished, with all its doubts and fears and the dim, prophetic instinct of sorrow in the future, "No, sweetheart-, let me hold you so," as she drew back breathless and trembling from his passionate embrace, " while we reason a little together. If you would have married me, why shoxxld you hesitate to j come to me now, why cloud your life and ; mine with this chimera, of the world 7 Can I you nob love me more than the world ? What is its verdict to yoxx or to me ? I know you so well, my white dax-ling, my pure-sonled Bessie ! Is it not enough for you that I understand and reverence you 7 .Can you j nob trust me? Is nob your love strong enough for this?" " . "It is nob that. I could trust you, Ken yon. I . do not cax'e what others would ; ! think," she answered, bi-okenly ; "but we' both owe something to another law. We have no x-iglib to bring sorrow on your' wife. " " Hush, child ! You ax-e speaking of what you do nob understand !. For . years my' wife and I have been the merest acquaint ances — hardly friends even, and the little time we spend together is almost qlways : disagreeably spent. How should you iinJ-.-i- stand a cold, coarse, jealous nature like 1>ers — you, who are so tender and so fine V And yet she is a good woman in her impassive way ; but we are like oil and water. Ton are my true mate, the wife of my soul, the one woman whose every thought and impulse is responsive to my own. Ah ! I coulcl do great things with you always beside me to be my inspiration — my Egeria ! See !" — taking her passive hand in his— "in the hollow of this dear hand lies my life ! You can make it Heaven, or hell for me, Bessie ! My love, my love" — his voice broke — "use your power mercifully ! Do nob be hard upon us both; for you know you cannot condemn me to misery without suffering yourself!" It was piteous to see her vacillation and uncertainty — hers -who had always been so strong and so prompt. Bub a volcano bad suddenly broken forth amid the cool green pastures of her life, burying all her land marks under its lava flow, and driving hex- to a fate that she was powerless to resist. A strange sense of calm, and peace, and happiness succeeded to the stormy doubts and fears of the last few weeks. Everything appeared to Bessie under a new aspect, and she sang blithely as she painted. For she had entered her Land of Beulah, the Canaan of our foolish, love-craving hearts. Ah me, that its boundaries are so narrow, and that its exits yawn so pitilessly wide upon the dark waste of disenchantment ! At first she bad blamed herself bitterly for having j si riven against Kenyon so long. Since she loved him, why had slm tried to erect barriers against him, and to shut him out. into the loveless cold of the world whence he had com© to seek her? Those barriers, too, bad been built of selfish ness, of contemptible fears for herself, of an 1 ! unwomanly lack of generosity in her. But : all that was past now ; jhe hail tasted the joy of self-abnegation, of self-effacement that | is the heart of love ; and she knew that the J work she had to do in this world was the : delightful task of makingher Kenyon happy, i That was the true morality of love, and all ; 1 lie rest was empty nonsense invented by a ; iooiLii world that did not know liow to be thankful for its own blessings. Site looked, back, with wondering pity for herself, upon the quiet days before she had known Kenyon ; and with the grand triumphant tones of her life-music pealing in her ears, those far-ofl days seemed like dumb notes in the song. It- was not until ; long afterwards that she realised that they ! were rests ; rests which, though they are | not music, "have the making of music in 1 them." | "Do you really love me, Bessie? — love me ; well enough to be quite happy, just becaxise I love 3-011 and we belong to each other ! " Kenyon said to her one da'. i She nestled vet- more closely to liim/and 'silently laid her fine soft lingers on "his cheek ; for she was shy of words at. times 1 will 1 the only man she had ever loved, this woman of seven-and-twenty. Apparently i the pretty action satisfied him— for a time i at least. _ j "And Frn no good, dear," I10 went on, a lit rle sadly ; "a, queer, eccentric sorb of i fcllojv ; never, doing anything I -dislike, and never denying myself a thing T-wsnt — a 1 sGHsh brute. But I never vet went back 011 a friend or gave up a scheme I had proxniseel to carry through. The world would tell i you, and tell you truly, that lam riot fitLto ! ask for any good woman's love"-— it was One of Kenyon Blake's most dattgerous and j allux- ing tricks to affect at times what most men would look upon as quite a feckless candour and frankness; lie, the most fluent and convincing liar who ever woi-e the livery of Ananias ! — "but I worship you,' Bessie And though I have loved scores, of oth 1 women, and have been loved by . them, ne ex- one has had the power to nxoyd me as you vex- you sweet, sweet girl !" do, The months sped by almost unnoticed by- Bessie, who, once the great plunge had.becn i made, had forgotten all her struggles and ; been madly, almost defiantly, happy. That she had deteriorated goes without saying ; ; for, with the sad humility of a loving woman, she had tried to descend to Kcnyori's level, having found it impossible to raise him t-o hers. And things had not prospered with Kevon. A financial blight had fallen on the City, and he could find 110 scope for his persuasive talents and 110 market for his speculative schemes. Notwithstanding his aristocratic pretensions, he was not sufficiently a gentle man to wear a shabby coat with ease ; and having expensive habits, it was nob long | before he exhausted not only his own resources but also those of his friends who pj;ere confiding enough to trust him. Bessie p befog in the secret of all his ventures soon knew of his embarrassments, and tx-ierl to stem the t ide with her little store; Kenyon demurred at first, but soon allowed himself to be silenced with her loving sophistries.. And so, by forties and fifties, the slender bank account grew less.- Aud Ninette banged her pans about more viciously than ever, and drove the dustmen, whom she held in especial abhorrence, to the verge of suicide. .- And as the spring- ripened into summer the first cloud gathered on B|skie's horizon. Mrs. Blake, who had been on'tiie Continent for a yeui-, signified her intention of spend ing the season in London, and desired Kenyon to look oxit some suitable house fox- her. The request with 'its. consequent expenditure, staggex-ed hitnpbut as his wife was always the iasfc person to whom lie wished his' difficulties --to be known,- he trusted, with the true gambler's spirit, to some lucky coup to set him straight, and prepared to receive her. Bessie looked on, and for the first time grew jealous. He had_ been so wholly hers, that she had at times"' almost foi-gobten that other claim — and now ! In vain Kenyon assured hex- of his undivided allegiance, and grumbled lustily at the annoyance his wife's caprice caused him ; in spite of his increased tenderness and caresses, the sting remained. Reaily pained by her distress, lie devised a whim sical cure, and contrived a plan whereby Bessie should see his wife and judge for herself how little she was to be feared as a rival. And the cure was completely success ful. Bessie had been prepared to hato the waman whom she had wronged, and whose very existence had wrecked all the sacx-ed hopes of wifehood and motherhood that nestle at the heart of every woman who is worthy of the name ; but at the sight of her all resentment and jealousy faded for ever from her heart. Mrs. Blake was a weary-looking woman whose eight-and-t-hirty years sab heavily on her, and, without being stout, she gave the impression of weight and thickness by reason of her unelastic tread and the clumsy contour of ankles and wrists. As a girl she must have been rather pretty, and txneon- sciously one expected to see her in the costume of the early seventies— a costxnno one felt that had been becoming to her. But by some strange freak of form or feature, no skill of modexn dressmaker could bring her up to date, or hide t-liafc fatal j inborn dowdiness before which even "Felix ! and Worth would have confessed t-hem- selves powerless. To Bessie, with/her quite, I distinctive chic, there was something patlie- | tic in this ; and as she noticed how the ; supplementary twist of bright gold empha- sised the fadedness of the once pretty ..'luxir, ; she xv as filled with a half contemptuous ; pfiy. This sad, colourless woman, who looked as though all the glad generous blood bad turned to water iti her veins, and wlio bore a whole tragedy 0? broketr hopes and wistful straining inter";' he love she had lost — if, indeed, . she had ever had it— in her dim, white- lashed.. eyes, could never . agaiiK awaken Bessie's .envy. Had Kenyon Blake, with j his restless energy and full pulsing vitality, j his quickness and activity of tlipiight and j body, sought the world over fori a more,, uncongenial mate than this dull, Jymphab&A; woman, who dragged like a millstone upon his career, it is doubtful whether he could have found one. - As Bessie turned away, she realised as never before that it was she wh'o was indeed ( iiis true wife — the wife of bis.-soul, as he had , said ; but somehow there was. a tinge of ! bitterness in her joy that shedid.npt under, stand. . It was just after this that Kenyon went suddenly to Paris to try and tilt the scales of Fortune in favour of one of his schemes that- was trembling in the balance. He was almost penniless; bub with the sublime audacity that was one of the factors of hi3 success with women, he posed there as a veritable Paladin of fiuunce and it was from the Hotel Continental t-liat Bessie received the daily loving letters, full of hopes and promises, and passionate vows, that so amply satisfied her unexacbing tenderness. With tiie fatal capacity for devotion and self-sacriliee that distinguished her, she fretted over hex- lovex-'s impecuniosity, and finally gathering together the remnants of her saleable sketches and jewellery, sent him five crisp, clean £5 notes ; and then, with a light heart, walked blithely through the mud and rain to save the threepence that an omnibus would have cost her. : ')k When he returned lie had the grace to feel ashamed when he missed a hoop of fine diamonds that he had always seen 011 Bessie's finger. Hitherto she had, with delicate tact, selected things which she wore but seldom ; bub these had all gone. "Will you love me the less that my hands are bare 7" she asked, laughing ; " you silly boy, to fuss about such a trifle !" And then he talked in his large xVay of j the magnificent things he was going to do in the near future, until Bessie began to Mann herself for not having sufiicien bly appreciate'.! the privilege of denying herself the neces saries of life, and to feel that her poor little hundreds must seem very paltry to this princely hero of hers ! Bub worse was to come ; and a few months afterwards Bessie stood for the last time by . the great north window of her studio, and looked sadly out at the dripping gardens. Some of Kenyon Blake's kites were flying home to roost, and the furnished house that he had taken had to be paid for ; writs, had been issued ; and altogether matters looked ugly for him. i Bessie's course had been prompt, aud the pretty cottage bad been transferred to an artist who had long coveted it. Everything was packed ; everything ready for her departure ; and poor Ninetue was shivering patiently out in the gusty hall, and wishing that Madame would remember that the marketing had yet to be done before ..: could think of settling down to rest in : the dingy Thayer- sfcreet lodgings whither they were bound. And already it was nearly four, and the gloomy December afternoon was drawing to a close. Yet Bessie lingered. She was filled with a fierce exultation of sacrifice, and the keen, sweet pleasure of being of use to the man she loved. Was ifc nob to tide him over a disastrous moment, and to keep a roof over his wife's head, that she had converted everything available into ready cash 7 Ah, and the delight of doing it! And it was with a smiling face and happy : heart that Bessie Langley passed out of her j home. Just before she reached the gate a few unnoticed twigs of " common j honesty," which had survived thus late in a slieltex-ed corner, attracted her attention, and with an impulse of pleasure, she stooped to gather these white ghosts of the vanished summer. But, as her band touched them, the thin, silvei-y disks fluttered down among their dead companions, leaving the naked stalks to shiver in the chill, damp' air ! Nenrly eighteen months later, all London crowded to see a picture that hung in one of the galleries of Burlington House, and had been purchased by the trustees of the Chanbrey Bequest. It was a large canvas, and bore in one corner the initials " E. L." A woman clothed in sad-coloured gax-ments stood erect in the centre of a woodland path ami gazed straight oxxfc afc the spectator, i The dead leaves rustled at her feet, and bho j bare trees were coldly outlined against the ; heavy grey sky of early winter. The very i spirit or desolation was pictured there, and the key to the story lay in the only gleam of. colour in tiie canvas — a .scarlet letter that glowed and burned upon the woman's breast-. — the A of the Puritan aciultress. But it was nob Hester Prynne the sinner, silent, scornful, impenitent, as her judges saw her ; but Hester, the despairing woman, alone among the ruins of her love, crushed and dazed by the cowardly defection of the man who had been her god, her conscience, her ideal of all that was manly and trust worthy and true. The pillars of ber world had given way, and everything was tottering under her ; for he had failed her. And since he was false,' what was there left for he-r to cling to ? " lb is quite liearfc-breaking, isn't ifc, Mr. Lester ?" a pretty gix-1 had said to Dudley at the private view ; bub Mr. Guruetb was mistaken when he said that Miss Langley had been her own model. It isn't her face at all." And the man had murmured, under bis breath, " No ; it is. only her soul !" . Soon after Bessie had left Canal Gardens Kenyon Blake secured an appointment in Melbourne as manager of some concern in which he was interested. His expenses were to b.&gaid;, the salary was good, and he was bo receive a considerable sum before his departure. " So you see, littler girl, we are coming out all right ; and in a few months I shall . buy out that fellow who has got your little place, and you shall have a studio of your own -again,"- he said, with a fine burst of lordly, generosity. I A few days before he sailed, Bessie, whose unealculating passion was as ready to ask in good faith as to give, told him that she was litex-alJy penniless, and that there was heavy interest coming due upon money that she had raised for him at various times. It was the first time she had ever reminded him of the privations she was suffering ; and probably she would nob have done no had he nob previously assured her that some hundreds of pounds had been paid in to him within the week. But she bad not reckoned the new clot-lies there were to buy, the dinners there were to give, and the cigars and perfumery and whisky to be laid in for the voyage, and the dozen other far more important claims io exhaust his money than the daily needs of the woman who had beggared herself for him. " Of coui-se, I had thought of that, and will see to it before I leave. Don't worry or fret, for everything is coming straight at last." And his answer bad been sufficient to satisfy Bessie's trustful heart. Towards evening of the day before his departure, after she had waited for him all day, a telegram came : ' Terribly busy. Meet me at Docks, s.s. Alexa. Sail at eleven. So sorry." Sick at heart at losing him, Bessie set out at the appointed time, and Kenyon was tender, and apologetic and talkative ; and more prodigal of wonderful promises than ever. " I've arranged everything with Towers, so write to him the moment you get home, and he will see you are all x-ight. I shall send you more the minute I land, so don't worry, my dear, dear girl. I'm half crazy at leaving you, but it will only be for a few months, and then I'll show you how much I love you ! " And foolish Bessie became hopeful once mox-e, and her sad face grew less white and j drawn as she clung trustfully to the coward ; hand that had despoiled her. j Mr. Towers i-eplied to Bessie's guarded ! letter in terms of sti-ictcst politeness, and I regretted that Mr. Blake had not given him ; instructions to act for him in any way ; but he inclosed that gentleman's address, and j expressed the opinion that anr communica tion addressed direct to him would receive his attention. Time crept slowly on, and Bessie and Ninette ,1 came perilously near starvation-; for Bessie found it -was more difficult to sell her work when she hawked ifc round herself than when' receiving the dealers in her own j studio, since even dealers are not above j being influenced by the surroundings of their customers. ' Then she grasped at that i forlorn hope of the gently-reared poox- — | teaching ; and trudged bravely through the winti-y streets to give her lessons. j : At. the end of three months she received, ! through; Mr. Towers, a cheque for £10. i Ifc was the last communication Bessie ever rec.ived from the man for. whom she had; sacrificed and suffered so much ; although she learned from various sources that he was faultlessly clothed as evei-, and spending his money with all the old open-handed princely generosity— upon himself. Some women babble of their sorrows to whosoever lends an ear, and so find comfort ; bub Bessie was not one of these, and even to Ninette she had never spoken Kenyon's name. Into hev picture, she breathed the chaos of her soul. It was her one dumb protest and appeal — the one silent expression of her anguish 1 Some years have passed since Elizabeth langley exhibited the picture which made her famous ; and she is, now one of the most eagerly-sought-after women in London ; for it is only in novels that hearts are never healed. The Miss Havishams do nob live outside the pages of the romancer. Bub Bessie is "Bessie" no longer; the soft diminutive does nob fib the queenly woman who bears her statelier name in full. She- is gentle in manner as of yore, with the added grace of the finished worldling. But the true softness and' trustfulness of hex- nature has for ever vanished, for she has passed through her Baptism of Fire, and learned her lesson of life ; aiid it has-left her impassive, and scornfulj and coldly cynical ! at heart. —Abridged from Vanity Fm\ - - j 