, IT AND HUMOUR. "I 's a lemn thing, young man," said the broken- rted father," to come into the home of tn O?tman and take away his only daughter, V.e hl lt of his household, and the 'pop and so slie , his declining years. But von have mlY 1by5 ug, and I wish you every soir" interucn - lt I won't take her away, sibly afootl?eq,, <: e young man, inexpres "'ll both stay here." JOHN, I wish gou"?pm..,? .,, b ls 41l.prtics? it i , betT:ad indeed'. Jt eree , - u . alIdt go to bailo Father, didn't you and d indeed." and parties, wheoi you were you,? to lYes, Ieti o ut we9 hlave seen the folly it.4 father." .-*, -olv of it. to, GUEsr: "I say, landlord, your food is worse than it was last year I" Landlord: "Impossible, sir I" "You are married now, Mr Gazley," said a life-insurance agent to a newly-made Benedict, "and you really ought to take out a policy on your life."-" Gracious l" replied Gazloy, frightened, "is it likely tc prove fatal?" Two tramps, one of them a young man, the other well advanced in life, had just left a house where they had been supplied with a bountiful dinner. "I say, Bill," queried the younger of the two, "where do you s'poso we'll get our supper ?"--'he old tramp turned on him in disgust: " Here you've just had your 'dinner, " he said, "and you begin to wonder where you'll got supper. If that's the kind of disposition you've got, young feller, you had bettor quit the profession and go to work." " Yes," said the merchant, "I always mark the most expensive of my goods as 'sold' during the holiday season. Then when women read the signs it makes them crazy to have the same article, and they are so disappointed that I finally promise to try and get them another-which, of course, I have no trouble in doing. Oh, it's a great scheme, I toll you, and never fails." LABoR ArrTATOR : " My friend, are you not in favour of the cight-hour move ment ?"-Abe Lazy (the tramp) : " Move ment I who over heard of me bein' inl favour of any kind of movement ?" LITTLE Tommy was having his hair combed by his mother, and he grumbled at the operation. " Why, Tommy, you oughtn't to make such a fuss. I don't, when my hair is combed."-" Yes, but your hair ain't hitched to your head." SCeNF. (deck of steamer, which is passing tlhrough the Sound of Mull). English tourist (to German do,): " You seem to have been greatly benefited by your sea voyage." -German tourist: "Veil, mine vrendt, you vos see I had been bedder as good as firsdrade; budt yen I vos leave home, och ! I heed so bat, all der doctors in the vorldt couldt do me no harm !" AIPonr,BLE.--" Papa."-" Well ?"-"Do cardinals dare to wear their red hats in the prenen of a papal bull ?" RlAHEd SfTTRANE.-"I'm surprised at the :iso that Niagara makes."-" Why P" It'd think there was enough water therel drown the sound." "Y?Atmunst begin and cut downL our oxpen B, Jakey.',-" Vat for, fadder" Pizne?is goot."-" Yah, Jakey. And ve must e it a loeetle ptter I" A AsoNAnas ReQUEST.-" What can I do to induco you to go to bad now Y" asked a fond lmnlma of her flve-year-old boy,-" You can lot me sit up a little longer," was the youngster's reply. i (WanA is the matter, landlord ? You seem greatly upset."--" And for a very good reason, sir I In the ruins you have just been shown over there was a ghost that brought us a crowd of sight-seers." -' Well ?"-" Why, he has just given ine notice to quit at the quarter s end I" "I noN'T think much of that feller Brown 'you introduced me to the other night."-" You are very candid,. Why do you dislike him ?"--" Oh, you can argue with him all day long, and you can't con vince hime of the simplest point, :HI makes me sick."--" Makes you sick ? Arh, yes, I see.' In other words he disagrees with you." ' ALurniu .(meeting his "old professor, after greetings) : "i'm glad to hear, Pro. fessor, that you are going to leooture in our town on your favourite oldtimoe topic."- Professor i "Yes, yes. But I. have divested it'of technicalities-in fact, recast it-so that It will reach all persons of very limited acquirements. Hope to 'see you there." Poxrovus Highland Laird (to strange policeman, who has dared to pass the great man without touching his hat) : " A constable ought to be the very pink of politeness, and should touch his bhat to his superior. I am the Maotartan of Maotartan, and all these mountains belong to me, sir." -Policeman: They're nae in my beat, though," Hnrs's a piece of advice To put in your easket That Is, never be foolish Enough to ask it.' PBo aNENLL. whori ninety iyears ' Old, passed before Mine. Helvetius without per coiving her: "Ah!" crlid the- old lady; "that is yoear gallantry, then?. To pass before me without even looking at m.'"- "If I Ihad looked at you, madame," replied thire old beau," I could never have passed you at all." AsrEL?rINei, the banker, .a notorious miser, entered the office, and very carefully went through all the work done by his youngest clerk. He was perfectly satisfied, and said to the young man : " Whrat salr do you get from my trnr ?"',~ g Presert, notirinh I ill see haroiu tIre first , irot ,thu IJ aoublod." "TiAr follow, HaJ, ought 40 be ~anisiced Ifmro linte society; lo~ ,P'?4 booby."J, Hlow so, MIr Touheh* iur ?,, rememhor that b,,, ,mot I m, ..?t n nred " Yes."-" Well, hie ,ras ill-m~i me enough to ask if it wpa original w~t ire. That shows hIrow usophisiticated,~ 5" "Yes, nobody Ibut an ignorri?' could have thought you were Sidney,~nih. How HEl, or H?i? s IhIs.E-There is a man in 'iashington wli' Iras a IIOSt uncommon name, and i a n,0spaper in thie city tells how he came bv?. His mother was on the look.out for soilething original, and one day, before hIis chrristening, she noticed on the door of a btlding the word "Nosmo." Thirstruck hr fancy. Now for a uidale name ! Later, omning along by the same buildinlg, she isaw on thie door tie name "King," Ah, this ?.r what shire wanted "'Nosron l'irg Joie?' he shail be !" she said ; and he was e'ristened so. On thie way home from thciturch she passed thie same buildinrg again./The doors were all shut, arid, behold, t)bde with the names oe them whlich she h4Ieldulcteld Ihad on them io\', not " Nosem Iking," but "No Smoking!" and her hirt wias brocli, AIrN doctor who was noted for n keen rCEsluness was driving along the street eyo t\ntry town wlen hIris horse took fright of a an awy. lie wa's thrown violently out ris trap andreu?erled ernseless. l'reosently ,O recovered a little fronm his unconsciousness, nd,, noticing the crowd which had gathered I about him, asked," 'What's the matter, gentle ncn ) Anybody hurtr! I amr Dr B. Can I he of any servicC! A reool Irishman hadl a little shboemakcr's ;hop where for many years he plied his trade, earning an honest living. One nay he was amused to see on the oasposite silde of the street aI sign which reand, " 3Mons. Lafarge, :hoemnaker, just from Paris." lIe was very irdignant, and felt that rmorsienr was ipoach ing on his groumis. The next ,lay he caise orit with a sign whiich read, " 'at Conrrolly, ahoemaler-inever saw Paris, brt delies corm. ietition.' 