LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent! I London. November 2S, 1891 J-mil-years' penalservitiule seems at lirstsight very inadequate punishment for such a colossal case of utterly heartless and long-continued swindling as "that of the Yen. and Right Eevc-rend §Dr. Claspr.r Clutterbuek. It may console those who think so to reflect that this fallen tencher and preacher is, according to his friends, of "a sensitive and fastidious temperament" and may be relied on to "suffer keenly every hour of his sentence." In the dock at Bath on Saturday the miserable man, unshaven and unkempt, with lurid angry eyes and a sullen hangdog expres sion, certainly looked far more' like the convict _ than the clergyman. Seeing him thus, liis numerous dupes must mora than ever have wondered at their fatuity. Clutter buck pleaded guilty to obtaining money under false pretences, but urged that he had 110 in tention of defrauding any one. The judge very properly "pooh-poohed" the latter plea. Mr. Matthews, for the Crown, said "that though the prisoner was only charged to the amount of £10,000 they had information of transactions up to fully £35,000. Many of the duped parties had not cared to come forward. The worst feature of the case to my eyes (Mr. Matthews dwelt far too lightly on it) was the utterly heartless and conscienceless way in which Clutterbuek stripped his victims of every penny they would part with. Two are ruined utterly and the others seriously crippled. Had the wretch shown even a touch of compunction when robbing the poor Workhouse master of the money which he knew the man had laboriously'saved for his children's education, one would feel differently to him. But he seems to have been utterly callous and wholly selfish. Defending himself from the charge of imbecility, one of Clutter buck's victims has declared that though the story of Mr. Goschen and the loan sounded silly enough as told by the Crown counsel in court, the prisoner gave it quite a different semblance. Witness waa a clergyman, and certainly knew little of business, but lie did know Clutterbuek was a Government officer ond constantly summoned to Whitehall. He had_ seen letters which seemed corroborative evidence of the ac cused's acquaintance with Mr. Goschen, and after all on the surface there was nothing wildly improbable in a doctor of divinity knowing a Cabinet Minister. More over, Clutterbuck's social standing and local prestige were considerable. It never occurred to witness to doubt his word personally, and the pledge of "inviolable secrecy" prevented his mentioning the matter as he should other wise have done to business friends. The utterly childish way in which the money fraudulently acquired was thrown away is another amazing feature of this extraordinary case. The outside brokers "had" Clutter buck just as he "had" his neighbora. In return for thousands they tendered him fairy stories. I must say I deeply regret these gentlemen were not accommodated with seats in the dock instead of the witness-box. It could not- be absolutely proved they knew that Clutterbuck's money was wrongly come by or they would have been. The Bishop of Carlisle died very suddenly whilst 011 a visit to the Archbishop of York, at Bishopsthorpe. He was taken ill at dinner on Tuesday even ing, and succumbed on Thursday. Dr. Harvey Goodwin was best known to the general public as a brilliant writer on scientific discoveries and their _ reconcilement with religion. Whilst accepting the causes assigned by Darwin for the progressive character of nature, the bishop held there were deeper causes at work, without which natural selec tion and the struggle for existence would be found ineffectual. Miss O'Shea flatly denies that her stepfather ever committed adultery with her mother, bat admits that the evidence against them was overwhelming. Mr. Parnell was, indeed, assured so by his lawyei'3, and, consequently, dissuaded her mother from facing the useless ordeal of the witness-box. She herself would have gladly given evidence if asked to do so in the accused couple's favor. The fact wa3, both Mr. Parnell and her mother were entirely un conventional and regardless (till too late) of Mrs. Grundy. Moreover, Sir. Parnell's per sonal foibles for locking doors at all reasonable and unreasonable times, and slinking about like a conspirator, were absurdly compromising. His behaviour made even their own servants suspect him. Mis3 O'Shea blames no one. Mr. Parnell's curious character and circumstances coiled her mother in a network of presumptive evidence from which there was no escape. Mr. Parnell's 'Step daughter, Miss O'Shea, is a first-rate amateur photographer. Some time before his death the young lady took several capital whole plates of the Irish chief in his chemical laboratory. These pictures will be reserved for the "Life of Parnell" which Mra. O'Shea, with her daughter's assistance, has already commenced preparing. It should be ready, according to present arrange ments, next autumn, and I predict will cause a terrific sensation, even if it doesn't, as the _ widow hope3, blow the Healy-Dillon- Davitt party to "smithereens." Mrs. Parnell lives only for vengeance, and as she knows all the inner history of the Irish party during its most combustible period, even Mr. Healy admits she can make matters mighty unpleasant if she chooses. The private explanation or suppressed defence which Mr. Parnell gave ni3 party con cerning the divorce, case in Room 15, last November lias this week been published by Mr. Donal Sullivan M.P. He states that when, on the motion of Mr. Sexton, at Mr. McCarthy's request, Mr. Par nell was re-elected sessional chairman of the party Mr. Jordan rose for the first time among his followers to question the position of the "uncrowned king." Mr. Jordan said, now that the Irish party had paid Mr. Parnell the honor of re-electing him unanimously to the leadership, and thereby bestowed on him the greatest compliment in their power, would it not be well for Sir. Parnell, in view of events which recently had become public to consider his position, and now to retire gracefully, and to ease the situation which, it could not be disguised, was one of a grievous character, and one of great peril to the Irish cause? In a moment Mr. Parnell rose, and all was suspense and expectation for the announcement of the fateful discussion that was to have such far-reaching effects, and then a deathlike silence fell on the party. This stillness was made the more impressive by the gathering darkness and the gloomy aspect of the room. No word of gratitude to the party or thanks for his re-election fell from him. In icy tones he said - " When I came into this room it was not my intention to make any reference to certain recent events with which my name was associated, but as allusion has been made to the subject (referring to Mr. Jordan's speech) I will now lift aside a corner of the curtain. I can assure you, my friends and colleagues, that in a short period, when I am free to do so, I %villbe able to put a complexion on this ease very different to that which it now bears, and I will then be able to hold my head as high, aye, and higher, than ever be fore in the face of the world. This is not a place to enter on a vind cation of myself against the vile charges that have been made against me, and I do not intend to do so ; but I will ask my colleagues to remember that only one side of the story has been given to the public." Then Mr." Parnell set himself to answer the charge of breaking-up a happy home by making a counter-allegation, and as to abusing hospitality, he declared that he had never described Mr. O'Shea a<? his friend since he met him in Ennis in 1SS9, and that he had never taken bite or sup at his expense. Mr. Parnell proceeded to discuss the character of two of the witnesses in the case against him, and concluded as follows: "Now that I have lifted a corner of the curtain, I will only ask you, gentlemen, to keep your lip3 sealed, as mine are, on what you have heard until the brief period of time will have elapsed to which I have referred when I can vindicate myself, and when you will , find that your trust in me has not been mis j placed." I A storm of controversy rages around the [ "little Georgia Magnet, who, despite the i star's frantic cries of "fraud!" continues to j draw huge crowds nightly to the Alhambra, ; and well c-arns the £150 a week the directors i pay her. I have read all the Star has to say on the subject, and come to the conclusion it has discovered not "the truth about the magnetic lady," but a mare's nest. Mitchell, the prize fighter, persuaded the Stonecutter street was right, forced his way on to the plat form on Thursday evening, and to the delight of a sceptical gallery, insisted on being invited to experiment. Mrs. Abbot offered 110 objec tion, and Mitchell, evidently meaning busi ness, stripped to the buff, so as to j give his _ arms full play. First the magnet said she should allow Mitchell to lift her, and the big man swung th? little j wom;"i well nigh through the roof. When, however, she resisted there was a very dif ferent story to tell. I11 vain Mitchell tugged and pulled and struggled and swore. The magnet stirred not. Again and agaiu did the mm 01 muscle exert his supreniest strength. The liN- gnet simply smiled sweetly. At length mad. mazed, and mortified beyond ex pression Mitchell delisted sullenly. ' It was 110 use, he intimated to the audience. He could not move Mrs. Abbott. Then the home at la^t bim-t into loud applause. The trick (if trick it be) is exceedingly clever, and as yet :it any rate the modus operandi has not been discovered. In !the admirable C'hrbtvaas number of the Revkv; of :/!,:/?!(us Mr. Stead makes his appearance in the new and original character of "Tlii* Evrl Ilogjf Man.'' Like most of the hriv vs;.i:ai-'!:is this neeompli ^he.l variety iuti&t; has undertaken the nv»v one is so good as to seem almost convincing. I incline indeed to think Mr. £tf>ad may bn-as his old col league* on the .P. JL O-Kiit' alleged-.1 regular old \v< for'-'-.p'-'.-.-dnoi). r.n«l that thrivis V'ss prctc-v.cy ti.i-i Ua;e ih.iu u*u;U abyuc hi; Tho idea of " Ileal Ghost Stories" is excellent. Why it never occurred to anyone to make up an annual of th:s sort before in what everyone now wonders. Hut truth to tell Mr. Stead'ri talent for gauging what the public will read amounts almost to genius. Moreover, he knows exactly how to arousi- curioiity. The strictly conscientious " Caution" on the outside of "Eeal Ghost Stories" was a veritable inspiration, and v.-ill sell tens of thou sands. These "ower true tales" Mr. Stead tells us must not be read by anyone of " morbid excitability" or "excessively nervous tempera ment.''" Readers are solemnly warned against experimenting in hypnotism, spiritualism, and the unseen generally save in " the most careful and reverent spirit." Persons "frivolling''" with familiars or giggling with ghosts will expose themselves to (shudder please) "tho horrible consequences of possession." In tho chapter headed "Myself" Mr. Stead tries to persuade us he himself has enjoyed some expoi-i ences. He cannot certainly lay claim to a real live ghost, but he has heard voices. " I have," he declares, "had three or four very striking and vivid premonitions in my life which have been fulfilled to t the letter." I Here, then, is premonition No. 1: - "On New Year's Bay, 18S0, it was forcibly im pressed upon my mind that I was to leave Dar- i lington in the course of that year-." In Sep- \ tember, 1SS0, Mr. Stead became Mr. Morley's assistant at the Pall Mall Gazette, "andmy j presentiment was fulfilled." Premonition No. 2 carried Mr. Stead a stage further. In Oc tober, 1883) I " felt distinctly as it were a voice within myself saying, you will have to look sharp and make ready, because by a certain date (which as near as I can recollect was the ltith of March next year) you will have sole charge of tho Pall Mall Gazette." On the strength of this voice Mr. Stead sadly doomed his chief to die (in presentiment only, of course). But Mrs. Sieiid, ; with feminine shrewdness, said-"Nonsense; he is not going to die: he is going to get into Parliament, that is what is going to happen." And, as everybody knows, it did happen, and thus was the second premonition fulfilled. The third was that his sojourn in certain northern latitudes would be for two months. The actus,! period of it was two months and seven days. I agree with the I'.Af.G'., which makes terrible fun of Mr. Stead's premonitions, that this sort of ghostly experience amounts to absolutely nothing. Every man and woman combining vivid imagination with superstition (I use the word in its most inoffensive sense) has constant premonitions. Ninety-nine out of a hundred are unfulfilled and forgotten. The hundredth comes off and forms the groundwork of a story to be retold and embroidered (of course unintentionally) all one's life. Premonitions are like bets, we never talk of those which go wrong. With regard to the editor of the JReviev's "strange case," the Pall Mall Gazette points out "that some of Mr. Stead's prophecies as to what would happen were closely associated .with what Mr. Stead intended to happen, and not altogether unconnected with what Mr. Stead was able to make happen. The same critics will further suggest that Mr. Stead's narrative betrays the usual signs of the unconscious accretion of detail in the presentiment after the event; a trick of the human mind which often leads perfectly honest persons, starting with a vague bedtima feeling that 'something is going to happen,' to embroider that something in due course with all the minutest attributes of what actually does happen, even to the date and hour, and allowances for their watch ' being a little slow, you know.'" Geo. R. Sini3 says that for nine months of the year he has to write 20,000 words a week, but during the quarter preceding Christmas his average rises to 30,000. Short stories for newspaper syndicates are generally fixed at 5,000 words, stories for the lighter periodicals at 4,000 words, and for the illustrated maga zines 3,000 words. A. three-volume novel for serial publication should run to nob less than GO,000 to 80.000 words, and if by "Dagonet" is worth perhaps £1,000. Mr. Sims reckons Miss Braddon makes £5,000 out of a novel before it reaches the 2s. stage. Mr. Sims and Miss Braddon have ever since they_ scored successes been abnormally paid, but it is not safe to judge by them. I know one popular authoress who slaves night and day, and gets through a prodigious amount of work in a twelvemonth. Her books, however, are not sensational, lor the serial riorhts of a (presumably) GO,000-word novel this lady the other day accepted as little a3 £50. I could hardly believe it when I heard it. On the other hand Barrie and Kipling can at the pre sent moment command even bigger prices than G. R. Sims. 