CHIPS. 1 , TIE pyrotechnic display given at Chicago in connection with the dedication of the lExhi bition was by far tle biggest display of the kind ever given in any country. It cost up wardnls of £6000, was witnessed by about a million of people, and tihe contractors, Painj aild Sons, of London, employed more than 306 persons in its preparation and dischalrge. The total expenses of the Monto Carlo Casino Compan:y amounont to over £150,000 per ansnum. They distributed during tlhe year ending the 31st of March last £160,000 among the shareholders, so that the cost of working the establislnhment is about one- half the total receipts. The total nmulber of suicides during the past year is five. The a~nsal confo:enco of the National 'Associated Teachers' Union was hold at Not tingham recently. Mr. Edgar lHaddy pro sided. Ho said there wore in Englhid 170 certificated teanchers receiving less than £50 ti year, and 226 who received less than £75.': Not 7 per cent. were paid £150.. With wvomen things were worse, 872 receivjhg less than 16s wekly;: and over 0 per cent. less than 29s. Th Bradford Labour Church recently had another assembly. The speakers weroe Alder man Tillott and MIr. Keir Hardic, Mi.P., Mr. Keir Hardie said thalt if Christianity had, as thoy woero told at the Congregational Con forence the other week, nothing to do with labour questions except to stand apart arid allow masters andmene to fight out their own industrial battles, the sooner it was swept out of oexistence theo b?tter. On- the arrival of the steamer Doric, bound to :Now Zealand, at Plymouth, it was re ported that when off Eastbourne, a steerage passenger named Little, committed suicide by jumping overboard. Every effort was made to save her, but she was not seen. She was about 30 years of age, and suffered from sick ness. Her husband'and five young children, one of whom she was nursing, went on iif the. Doric to New Zealand. In a German newspaiper two curious an noinements appear. In one number is the following notice:-' I hereby declare 'since the writtenno 3i of the 8th of August, 1892, thfat, notwithstanding her refusal to accept the san.e, my betrothal with Frauloin Emmai Zieglir is null and void. (Signed) Richard York." In the next number of the paper the following appeared:-' I hereby declare thht with respect to the advertisement of "tho aminlment of my betrothal written and pro claimed with Herr York I' do not .agree. I am and still intend to romiain his betrothed. (Signed) Emma Zieglir.' An American paper gives some intdresting particulars of Professor Karl Knics, under whom the Duke of .York is studying at Heidelberg. HIe is in appearance the typical German :Professor illustrated so often in Flicgcnde Bliitter and other comic pipers. His clobthes never fit, his trousers are too. short, and his hat arid umbrolla have lived through. many "rains. But his very in difference to outward appearances seems to endear him the more to the students. No one ever appealed to him'for comfort in vain. The Crown Prince of Greece. the late Duke of Clarence, the Pririces of Baden, have all listened to his words of wisdom. Prior to uindertaking his ill-fated jomney, Mr. J. J. Anderson, a Dunded gentleman killed in the Thrisk collision, insured his life against accident for a large sun of money. When booking himself through to London he purchased an insurance ticket for .£200, but returning a few minutes afterwards, he in creased this sum to £1200, at a total cost of Is 2d. In addition to this, he bought a nmm ber of the class of. periodicals carrying along with them the equivalent of insurance policies as follows:-2Tit-bits for £100, Answers for • £1000, Great Tlhousghts £1000, Ohuristian Terald £500, Ally Sloer £150. He was thus in siured for £3950. Sir He'rbert Maxc ell has (says Mr. Labouchere in Truth) undertnaken a crusade against the 'tnll hat?.' .May he be successful. No sooner does a man leave Loidon than with a sigh of relief ho casts aside this iibsiurd liead- covioring. I can remember the time when every one who wishled to be irespected had to don a beavbr ' high. hat.' Silk hats were then regarlded as rather low- the silk being supposed to be a sort of cheip inita tion of beaver. There is only 'one way in which this detestable tall hat will over cease to be tihe crown of city respectability. It is for the Prince of Wales never to wear it. If it is absolutely necessary to retain the silly shape, at least the silk might be eschewed, for what. can be more absurd? WVillingly, most willingly, would I sign a petition to his Royal Highness to inaugurato this reform. Professor Huxley, in tihe new 'i mbor of the IFortig~htly Resics, has a tilt at Mr. Harrison on thel old topic. The title of the article is ' An Apologetic Iroenicon;' but the Profdssor's attitude is best brought out ii his closing observation-Belief in majoiritids is not rooted in my breast, and if all.tl? world weore against ume the fact might warn me to revise and criticise my opinions, but would not in itself supply a ghost of a roasonfor forsaking them. For myself, I say.delibe-. rately it is bottoer to have a millstone.tied round the neck and be thlrown into the sea than to share the onterprises'of those towhom tie world has tuarned, and will turn, because they minister to its weaknesses and cover up, the awful realities which it shudders tolook at. A curious and painfilt ciroumstanco hac transpired in connectioni with the death of Captain IM'Lod, of the 42nid Righlanders, in the Thirsk accident. It appears that the captain's lca?vo of absenco expired a short time ago, and in the ordinary course ho would have sailed in the iU-fated Rouniania. Tie War Office, however, had granted lhim an extension of his leave, with the result that he was only saved from one violent death to becomeothe victim of another. The sham fight in which the 4th Middlesex Rifles were engaged on lBorsendon HillUnear .Ealing, was interesting because of the use in it as an aid to defonce of Captain Ronald Scott's electric searhli-light, which on :this occasion was of 20,000 candlo-power. The chief operations in the fighting took place at the bridge across the canal. At the moment the advance to the assault was made, the eleotric search-light was thrown upon the scene, disclosing in an instant, to the colour of their eyes and buttons, the grey-uniformed troops under Colonel Lowis.. At the close of the operations on tlhe field Captain Scott showed the men the newest use of the electric light-namely, 'writing and pic turing on the clouds.' Taking alternately for a backlground hill, trees, stream,' and clouds, by means of the search-light appara tus and slides after the pattern of those used in magic lanters, words and faces were thrown upon those objects. The face of Mr. Glad stone and well-Inown nunmes word most dis tinctly projected at distances of from a few hundred yards to a mile. Over a thousand persons recently assembled on Tower Hill, London, to liston to the speeches of the Social Domocrats and others connected with the 'unemployed' agitation. The proceedings wore diversified by the re ceiving of a note from a Mr. MIooro, of Bat torsea, setthing forth that hle lhad personally verified thie actual want of many of thIe peo ple, tnd had brought upon the ground a cartload of bread tand lcheose to be distributed. Thereupon a number of youthls soeled tie vehicle tand handed out the packalges, which were eagerly cLunght up and devoured, but evoen tlhis mothlod not proving rapid enough, the cart was finally stormed by some of the men who feared thaet there mnighlt not be enough to 'go round.' This done, the crowd narnmched four abroast to the vestry of St. Georgo's-in-thlo-East, Cpel.street to demand work, returning afterwards to Tower Hill. .After rocor'ing a long ;ist of faihuc Morrio England managed to win the Conso lation H-andicap at the Dunedin rheceting, and thie runner-up was the usuaslly disappointilg Primo Warden. The latter hld a long wcay tihe worst of the weighlts, he being called upon to concede the half-brother to Spade Guinea 1ilb. 