OUR NOVEL. NADA THE LILY. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXXV. (Continued,) Now I looked round to find the axe Groan-Maker among; the bones of the slain, and did not find it, and the hope came into my heart that Umslopogaas had escaped the slaughter. Then we went on in silence to where I knew the cave mast be, and there by the cave lay the body of a man. I ran to it-it was Umslopogaas, wasted with hunger, and in his temple was a great wonnd and on his breast and limbs were many other wounds. Moreover, in his hand he held another hand-a dead hand, that was thrust through a hole in the rock. I knew its shape well-it was the little hand of my child, Nada the Lily. Now I understood, and, bending down, I felt the heart of Umslopogaas, and laid the down of an eagle on his lips. His heart still stirred and the down was lifted gently. I bade those with me drag aside the stone, and they did so with toil. Now the light flowed into the cave, and by it we saw the shape of Nada my daughter. She was somewhat wasted, but still very beautiful in her death. I felt her heart also; it was still, and her breast grew cold. Then I spoke : " The dead to the dead. Let as tend the living." So we bore in Umslopogaas, and I caused broth to be made and poured it down his throat ; also I cleansed his great wound and bound healing herbs upon it, plying all my skill. Well I knew the arts of healing, my father ; I who was the first of the izinyanga of medicine, and, had it not been for my craft, Umslopogaas had never lived, for he was very near his end. Still, there where once he had been nursed by Galazi the Wolf, I nursed him back to life. It was three days till he spoke, and, before his sense returned to him, I caused a great hole to be dug in the floor of the cave. And there, in the hole, I buried Nada my daughter, and we heaped lily blooms upon her to keep the earth from her, and then closed the grave, for I was not minded that Umslopogaas should look upon her dead, lest he also should die from the sight, and because of his desire to follow her. Also I buried Galazi the Wolf in the cave, and set the Watcher in his hand, and there they both sleep who are friends at last, the Lily and the Wolf together. Ah! when shall there be such another man and such another maid ? At length on the third day Umslopo- gaas spoke asking for Nada. I pointed to the earth, and he remembered and understood. Thereafter the strength of Umslopogaas gathered on him slowly, and the hole in the skull skinned over. But now his hair was grizzled, and he scarcely smiled again, but grew even more, grim and stern than he had been before. Soon we learned all the truth as to Zinita, for the women and children came back to the town of the People of the Axe, only Zinita and the children of Um- slopogaas did not come back. Also a spy reached me from the Mahlabatine and told me of the end of Zinita and of the flight of Dingaan before the Boers. Now when Umslopogaas had recovered, I asked him what he would do, and whether or not I should pursue my plots to make him king of the land. But Umslopogaas shook his head, say- ing that he had no heart that way. He would destroy a king indeed, but now he no longer desired to be a king. He sought revenge alone. I said, that it was well, I also sought vengeance, and seeking to- gether we would find it. Now, my father, there is much more to tell, but shall I tell it? The snow has melted, your cattle have been found where I told you they should be, and you wish to be gone. And I also, I would be gone upon a longer journey. Listen, my father, I will be short. This came into my mind; to play off Panda against Dingaan ; it was for such an hour of need that I had saved Panda alive. After the battle of the Blood River, Dingaan summoned Panda to a hunt. Then it was that I journeyed to the kraal of Panda on the Lower Tugela, and with me Umslopogaas. I warned Panda that he should not go to this hunt, for he was the game himself, but that he should rather fly into Natal with all his people. He did so, and then I opened talk with the Boers, and more especially with that Boer who was named Ungalunkulu, or Great Arm. I showed the Boer that Dingaan was wicked and not to be believed, but Panda was faithful and good. The end of it was that the Boers and Panda made war together on Dingaan. Yes, I made that war that we might be revenged on Dingaan. Thus, my father, do little things lead to great. Were we at the big fight, the battle of Magongo? Yes, my father; we were then. When Dingaan's people drove us back, and all seemed lost, it was I who put into the mind of Nongalaza, the general, to pretend to direct the Boers where to attack, for the Amaboona stood out of that fight, leaving it to us black people. It was Umslopogaas who cut his way with Groan-Maker through a wing of one of Dingaan's regiments till he came to the Boer captain Ungalunkulu, and shouted to him to turn the flank of Dingaan. That finished it, my father, for they feared to stand against us both, the white and the black together. They fled, and we followed and slew, and Dingaan ceased to be a king. He ceased to be a king, but he still lived, and while he lived our vengeance was hungry. So we went to the Boer captain and to Panda, and spoke to them nicely, saying, "We have served you well, we have fought for you, and so ordered things that victory is yours. Now grant us this request, that we may follow Dingaan, who has fled into hiding, and kill him wherever we find him, for he has worked us wrong, and we would avenge it." Then the white captain and Panda smiled and said, "Go, children, and prosper in your search. No one thing shall please us more than to know that Dingaan is dead." And they gave us men to go with us. [The sole right of publication in West Aus- tralia has been purchased by the proprietors.] Then we hunted that king week by week as men hunt a wounded buffalo. We hunted him to the jungles of the Umfalozi and through them. But he fled ever, for he knew that the avengers of blood were on his spoor. After that for a while we lost him. Then we heard that he had crossed the Pongolo with some of the people who yet clung to him. We followed him to the place Kwa Myawe, and there we lay hid in the bush watch- ing. At last our chance came. Dingaan walked in the bush and with him two men only. We stabbed the men and seized him. Dingaan looked on us and knew us, and his knees trembled with fear. Then I spoke- "What was that message which I sent thee, O Dingaan, who art no more a king -that thou didst ill to drive me away, was it not? because I set thee on thy throne and I alone could hold thee there?" He made no answer, and I went on " I, Mopo, son of Makadama, set thee on thy throne, O Dingaan, who wast a king, and I, Mopo, have pulled thee down from thy throne. But my message did not end there. It said that, ill as thou hadst done to drive me away, yet worse shouldst thou do to look upon my face again, for that day should be thy day of doom." Still he made no answer. Then Um slopogaas spoke - "I am that Slaughterer, O Dingaan, no more a king, whom thou didst send Slayers, many and fierce to eat up at the kraal of the People of the Axe. Where are thy Slayers now, O Dingaan? Before all is done thou shalt look upon them." "Kill me and make an end ; it is your hour," said Dingaan. "Not yet awhile, O son of Senzanga cona," answered Umslopogass, " and not here. There lived a certain woman very fair to see and she was named Nada the Lily. I was her husband, O Dingaan, and Mopo here, he was her father. But, alas! she died, and sadly--she lingered three days and nights before she died. Thou shalt see the spot and hear the tale, O Dingaan. It will wring thy heart, which was ever tender. There lived certain children, born of a woman named Zinita, little children, sweet and lowing. I was their father, O Elephant in a pit, and a certain Dingaan slew them. Of them thou shalt hear also. Now away, for the path is far!" Two days went by, my father, and Dingaan sat bound and alone in the save on Ghost Mountain. We had dragged him slowly np the mountain, for he was heavy as an oz. Three men pushing at him and three polling at a cord about his middle, we dragged him up, staying now and again to show him the bones of those whom he had sent ont to kill us, and tell- ing him the tale of that fight. Now at length we were in the cave, and I sent away those who were with us, for we wished, to be alone with Dingaan at the last. He sat down on the floor of the cave, and I told him that beneath the earth on which he sat lay the bones of Nada whom he murdered and the bones of Galazi the Wolf. Then we rolled the stone down the month of the cave and left him with the ghost of Galazi and the ghost of Nada. On the third day before the dawn we came again again and looked on him. " Slay me," he said, " for the Ghosts torment me !" " No longer art thou great, O shadow of a king," I said, " who now dost tremble before two Ghosts out of all the thousands thou hast made. Say, then, how shall it fare with thee presently when thou art of their number?" Now Dingaan prayed for mercy. "Mercy, thou hyaena!" I answered, " thou prayest for mercy who showed none to any! Give me back my daughter. Give this man back his wife and children ; then we will talk of mercy. Come forth, coward, and die the death of cowards." So, my father, we dragged him out, groaning, to the cleft that is above in the breast of the old Stone Witch, that cleft where Galazi had found the bones. There we stood, waiting for the moment of the dawn, that hour when Nada had died. Then we cried her name into his ears and the names of the children of Umslopo- gass, and cast him into the cleft. That was the end of Dingaan, my father -Dingaan, who had the fierce heart of Chaka without its greatness. CHAPTER XXXVI. MOPO ENDS HIS TALE. THAT is the tale of Nada the Lily, my father, and of how we avenged her. A sad tale-yes, a sad tale ; but all was sad in those days. It was otherwise after- wards, when Panda reigned, for Panda was a man of peace. There is little more to tell. I left the land where I could stay no longer who had brought about the deaths of two kings, and came here to Natal to live near where the kraal Dugaza once had stood. The bones of Dingaan as they lay in the cleft were the last things my eyes beheld, for after that I turned blind, and saw the sun no more, nor any light- why I do not know, perhaps from too much weeping, my father. So I changed my name, lest a spear might reach the heart that had planned the death of two kings and a prince-Chaka, Dingaan, and Umhlangaza of the blood royal. Silently and by night Umslopogaas, my fosterling, led me across the border, and brought me here to Stranger; and here as an old witch- doctor I have lived for many, many years. I am rich. Umslopogaas craved back from Panda the cattle of which Dingaan had robbed me, and drove them hither. But none were here who had lived in the kraal Daguza, none knew, in Zweete the blind old witchdoctor, that Mopo, who slew Chaka, the Lion of the Zulu. None know it now. You have heard the tale, and you alone, my father. Do not tell it again till I am dead. Umslopogaas? Yes, he went back to the People of the Axe and ruled them, but they were never so strong again as they had been before they smote the Halakazi in their caves! Panda let him be and liked him well, for Panda did not know that the Slaughterer was son to Chaka his brother, and Umslopogaas let that dog lie, for when Nada died he lost his desire to be great. Yet he became captain of the Nkomabakosi regiment, and fought in many battles, doing mighty deeds, and stood by Umbulazi, son of Panda, in the great fray on the Tugela, when Cetywayo slew his brother Um- bulazi. After that also he plotted against Cety- wayo, whom he hated, and had it not been for a certain white man, a hunter named Macumazhn, Umslopogaas would have been killed. But the white man saved him by his wit. Yes, and at times he came to visit me, for he still loved me as of old ; but now he has fled north, and I shall hear his voice no more. Nay, I do not know all the tale ; there was a woman in it. Women were ever the bane of Umslopogaas, my fosterling. I forget the story of that woman, for I remember only these things that happened long ago, before I grew very old. Look on this hand, my father ! I can- not see it now ; and yet I, Mopo, son of Makedama, seem to see it as once I saw, red with the blood of two kings. Look on - Suddenly the aged man ceased, his head fell forward on to his withered breast. When the White Man to whom he told this story lifted it and looked at him, he was dead! [THE END.] 