A WOMEN'S DEBATING CLUB. By A.L.F. in the Argus. Wo are all theorists, more or less, but it is a grand thing when wo can put our theories to tho test. Some times tho theory stands tho ordeal, and then it becomes stronger nnd more perky than ever — indeed, rechristens itself a fact. Sometimes it doesn't, and drags on an invalid existence till it dies altogether. I had always stoutly maintained that a successful Woman's Debating Club was among the possibilities, but in my heart of hearts, I confess it now, lingered misgivings lest wo might be too imperfectly trained, have inherited too many feminine imperfections and perversities to compare with our brothers. I lately received an invitation to the concluding evening (for tho session) of the Women's Debating Club of the Melbourne University. I promptly accepted, struck by the independent attitude of the club as regarded hours, a desire for convenience rather than conventionality having evidently in spired it. I was invited to afternoon tea at half-past 5 in the women's com mon room, afterwards to a debute on the subject, ' Ha« Heredity or En vironment the Gre iter Influence upon Character. I found that the study of the undistributed middle and of the origin of the second aorist did not pre vent the room from looking very bright and cosy. Little tables were dotted about, gay with flowers and laden with good things, while learned nymphs in flowing college gowns dispensed potent cups of tea, and a hospitable welcome along with them. (P.S. — That wasn't instead of lump sugar.) There was not more chatter than might have been expected considering that out of every trio of girls two were talking tho whole time. Seventy girls and not a so'itnry man appeared, not tho ghost of one, unless the pictured dignity of the Venerable Chancellor looking down on us might so be termed. I began to feel, as a recent eminent visitor to the colonies has put it, that 'the world was made for women also.' I never was so important, collectively speak ing, before. It has often amused me to observe that in histories and books of travel a chapter is always set aside for ' women and marriage.' If the world were managed altogether on the lines of the lines of the Melbourne University Ladies' Debating Club, the other sex would bo the outsiders, and the chapter would be headed, ' Men and marriage.' We afterwards ad journed downstairs to the hallowed hall, where the law professor instructs fledgling barristers in the mysteries of torts and contracts. The chair was filled by a young lady whose fur-ti immed robe announced tint she had attained to to the dignity of a bachelor of arts. After the minutes of the previous meeting had been read and confirmed, the chairman — (do let me call her so) — called upon the medical disputant to open the debate. Dr. ? is young, with a girlish, unas suming, and deplorably unprofessional manner, but that did not prevent her making out a very good case for the force of inherited characteristics. The respondent had a carefully prepared reply, but some how she gave me the idea all the time that sho was not speaking from her convictions, but taking the opposit:on view for the rake of a good argument. I hope I may be excused if I do her injustice. Tho fun of the evening was to come. The next speaker had primed herself with some ingeniously contrived example of mixed marriages (very much mixed) and the probable result on thn offspring. The instance was something like this : A has a, Dutch father and a Scotch mother ; the Dutch father had a Polish mother, and tho Scotch mother had a French father. By this time the audience were getting little bit out of their depth, and the speaker was re quested to begin over again ; but. the mother's father was a Pole this time, and the father's mother turned out a French woman. This a posteriori argument was beyond the audience, and the speaker collapsed amid much merriment. The Greeks, about this time, began to harass mo, for each speaker took the great men of Attica to prove her own s:do, till I began to consider them as a ball flung from one side to the other, particularly Demos thenes and his pebbles, which were in great request. Twins were about the biggest card scored by the heredity advocates, because if they are alike they remain alike, .and if they are liopeles-ly unlike or disparate, similar conditions seem to affect them quite differently. Of course by this timo there had been a good deal said about free will. All roads lead to Rome, and all philosophical discussions reach sooner or later that insoluble problem. The advocates of free will were many, but one. lady was an uncompromising necessitarian. Indeed, she wound up wit h a statement so extraordinary that until I know her bettor I shall take it to be satire ; that what we are we aro, and that by no act of will can wo change our future, but that what wo are we have made ourselves. We once had tho choice offered us. Query — When? No, I think tliut must have been a ponderous joko. The rising of tho last speaker of all was eagerly aw lited. I was whisperingly informed that Miss ? was waiting till everybody had spoken in order to slate them all round. She is very tall, with a bright eager face, and has a curious habit of shifting her college gown higher up on the shoulder. It gives ono the impres sion that she is pulling up her sleeves to be ready .for tho fray. She is the humourist of tho club, and created a laugh by saying that sho had not been ablo to make up her mind beforehand aud wus less than ever ablo to do so now, that there was much to bo said in favour of either side and a gp at deal more against both. The voting then took place, the humourist, on account of her superior inches, being deputed to stand on a chair nnd count heads. Th-\ votijig went with (tlu; oppner by.a lui'ge majority, At the eminently safe ' and comfortable hour of half-past 8 a'l was over and tho cloisters of learning deserted. Tho whole debate might itself have been taken as a well-chosoii instance of tho effect of environment and a most cogent argument for its power. All tlio intellectual defects and the moral pettinesses that we have been told from timo immemorial were inherent in woman were in these girls conspicuous by their absence. I have never been present at any discussion where tho point in question was more closely adhered to. Nor was thero an atom of personal feeling iniDorted into the debate, which was conducted with courtesy and quite impersonally, though criticism was frank and occasionally severe. The rules of debate were duly respected, and a gentle touch on the chairman's bell brought thn most eager speakers to an immediate close. 