Travcllc-r. Indian Ghost Clidrnis. The dread of ghosts ia common to all tba aboriginal races of India, from whom it has been very generally adopted by their Aryan oonquerors, and even by the lower classes of Mohammedans. All gboBta aro believed to be mischievous*, and some ot them bitterly malioious, and tbe only way to oppose their ranoor ia to build Bhrinea for them, ond to moke them offer ings ot a fowl, a pig, or, on grand oooaaions, of a buffalo. Any severe illnesB, and mori especially any cpidemio diseaae, auuh fu amall-pox or oholera, ia attributed to tht malignancy of these spirits, wbo mast he propitiated aooordingly. The man- tiger ib, parbaps, tho most dreaded ot all tbeBO demon ghosts ; for w^en a tiger has killed a man, the tiger is tj^'iosed to bo cafo from hnrm, as the spirit of tho man r.'dea upon hia head, and keeps him clear ct danger. Accordingly, it ia believed that the only aure mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many people it to b.'giu by making offeriaga to the pplritsot his viotimo, thereby depriving bim of their valuablo cervices. Tho Bbosta moat easily propitiatod are those who have met a violent or untimely death, whether by design or naoident, in oluding poison and disease. Even women who die in childbirth or wretches who arc hanged for their crimea are believed to have the same powers ol causing their evil to the living aa thoso who bavo been killed by tigers, or by lightning, or by any other violent cause. All theso deified spirit a are often distinguished by Bomo term denoting tbe manner ot their dentil ; thui', tbo gost of A man killed by lightning is colled the ' Lightning Ghost,' that of cno killed by a snake, tho ' Sauke about,' and eo on. The ghosts ot women who dio during ohildbirtb aro supposed to bo specially powerful and vindictive. Most of the deceased perEona whose Bpirita ere. now worshipped were the ancestors of entne of the aborigines, and as General Cunningham, tho head of the arohiDolo;;ioal survey of India, Bays, their worship is generally local, and confined to the Iimit8 occupied by their respective tribe*. Tho ceremonies observed in propitiating the ghosts oonsi&ta; mainly of the offering of goasa, fowls, pigf, tlaworB, or fruit, of the recitation ot prayers, and tho eiuping of certain tunntru.«, or charms, the last bciug the most itnpouanl ot til. Theso oharmB, whioh ure alwaya i:ung by men at tho dif ferent RhrincE, aro ol two kinds — tbe ' Sabaro charm;! ' ond tho ' wjsticftl in osntationB.' The former arc addressed to tbe deified ghouls ot tha dead, the perform ance bcini* generally oarricd out in tbe country, or tho place whero tho oorpeo was burned, ami tbo latter aro used for tho pur pose of compelling Mpirita to appear and re ceive the orders of tho performer. 