TOPICS OF THE TIMES. By « Melbourne Scribe. Tho presence of the" barraoker is mosi powerfully folt at football matches. The term is generic as applied to the peculiar patron of .that particular line of sport, and the obnoxious peisonago has become to a certain extent a power, and — for all litorative and truthful pnrposes also — a putrescence. For truly he smells in the_ nost'ils of all 'decent folk.wh'o may patronise 'the footbau matches any Saturday in the Beason. .If his retinue ia hot ragged, it is for the most part ran . aggregation of temporarily emancipated clerks .who have beon freed from duty nnd -have got boosed-to celebrate the fleeting fes tival. Under other circumstances, theBe clerical persons would behave themselves in a gentlemanly fashion, but actuated by the scandalous surroundings, they elect to carry on to a disgraceful degree. Their principal motive is "show off." However, they reckon without their host," and, as a conse quence, are sometimos brought to their bear ings. A recent case ot football principals having to suffer by legal adjudication will stand as a case in proof on the other side. tiie imutau dabeaokeh. He's a fearful foul-mouthed fellow, "With complexion — dirty yellow, . A hulking, howling, hare brained hobblede hoy, He's a frantir football follower, A harumjrflum holloaar, who setsTotit with a purpose to annoy. Hia lungs are blowing — blaring— With cursing and with Swearing, '- Hia partisanship of judgment quite devoid. : In fact, who goes " u-barrackin'," Jast proves himself a larrikin, - But we'll squelch him and be not by him annoyed. : - We aro not setting out to write up this par in tho interests of any speculator, but we liavo been amused by the - rivalry of.-two agents who aspire, to run a certain alleged hygienic cure-all iu this city. They have appealed' to. the law courts, each as to; his : right, which, if either .has any, will damoge tho-generui cause. ; Accounts are called for —bad sign— and altogether there is an air of " tnixedupednesB." There never can bo a universal cure; and anyone attempting to foist such upon tho public inuet be prepared for any amount of, antagonism and tlirongh him self should avoid ii. altogether. Whon you get into tho box and are mayhap questioned by Dr Aladdcn or Mr J; L. Purves, you are apt to cut ii Rorry figure, and the nose of the public gets .inflated and sniffs, largely as to the facts bearing upon your nostrum. If yobr inclined for betting, then a horse " you'll hack; ' But if you'ro undiplomsod then you'll turn a " quaok — '" With advertisements extonsire, So spacious and expensive. ' You provo that of disbaisement you have ' no : good lack.- . : ; ' Frequent changes are perforo the order "of : the day, and, for that matter, the night, es-' pecially at each one of the theatres. Bland . Holt has departed to Adelaide with his com-; ptiny, and, as predicted, by thiB scribe, the Theatre Royal i'b how subjected to openings at intervals. . At the Opera House, the thread of continuity ie threatened with severance, despito previous preamble, end the daily ad vertisements ura of no avail to the artful. Brsugh and Bpucicault are laboring to bol ster up public support by weekly substitu tions of bills, but the feathers of their bolster arc not of a substantial nature, and it remains a question of whether their business can bo paying or if they are paradoxes of pluck under adverse circumstsncos. George Rig- nold is retiring from the a'ctive.contro! of tho Princess'. Theatre, after a season that has not proved profitable, and. following him the part owner of tho property,' J. C.Williamaon, will step in and resume'5 management by in- troducing a revivaror "The silver iving. ' This.piece brought iidditionol fortune to the firm of \V.G. & M. in 1883, when it was originally produced on the 27th October of tlmt year. "Tho burlesque season of the . London Gaiety Troupe at tho Opera House is drawing to a close and it may he remurked that nothing like. the interest and excitement attendunt on the former visits of tho Gaiety Theatre contingents has been shown towards the presont "push." You can't get a Fred Leslie nnd a Nelly Farren every day. Good ness knows what is going to bo dono with the Theatre Royal. It is now closed, and its ro-opening is a matter of vagiio pro bability. Altogether the shareholders have had a rough timo of it, and wish they had .invested their money in a better " spec." The' Alexandra Theatre is being kept open by a co-operativo company, who present old- fashioned melo-dratna to scanty audiences. The Cogill Bros., at tho St. George's Hall, are doing an excillcnt business, in fnct.tbo host in the town in tlio theatrical line, so the luck of tho Adolphi has changed for the better. Some two years ago, they went out of the same place penniless and had to seek the protection of the Insolvency Court. They ouierged from that triumphantly, the judge granting thorn an unconditional certificate. Tlie Victoria Hall is now used bb a Gospel tent, and tho clang of the bones and tam bourines no longer resound within its walls. Dan Tracoy's Co. are pegging away at the Gaiety -Theatre and- meeting witii a fair amount of patronage. Despite tho prevailing dullness of tlio times, tlie managers contrive to keep up a weekly appearance of " the ghost" which walks regularly. The recent Traralgon telegraph swindle reminds one of a eoniewhat similar dodge in connection with the wires, and which occurred in New York some time ugo. An individual interested in etocka and shares rented an office on ono of the top flights of a building in that city, and paet tho wiodows of which ran tho telegraph wires. By means of a very fine piece of copper wire ho connected witii the others and so obtained information passing through, and which ho applied to advantage. This adroit littlo scheme was detected ono day after a heavy frost, when an employe connected with ono of tiie telegraph com panies happoned to soo tho wire shining in the sun witii extraordinary brightness. At tention was directed to the affair and the fraud exposed. 