CKQSTDOM. \- \ The Society of Peychioal Research con- j tin ues its investigations in .the domain '-of ghosts, and tho latest number of the 44 Fro readings" contains a number of oases of a more or lees acoaany charaoter which hay® recently como under its uotioe. A Jew specimens of those rony be interesting. john ulankv'a "oiiost." In a paper by Mr F. W< Hyera.on-Jiidjca tions of Continued Terrene Knowledge on-tbe. Fart of Phantasms of the Dead, the particu lars of a case for which the writer is indebted to Lady Gore Booth, are given. Hereon then a schoolboy of 10, was.tbe peroipientj and her vouneest danuliter. then affoLld. also gives a first-hand account of therinci- dent, as follows; — Liasadell, Sligo, February, 1891. , On tho 10th of April, 1889, at about half- past 9 o'clock a.m., my youngest brother and I were going down a abort fligbt of .stsin leading to the kitchen to fetch food iot my chickens at usual. We were about half-way down, my brother a few steps in ad- . vance of me, when be suddenly said - ' "Why, there's John Blaney. I didn'jt know he was in the house 1" John Blaney was a boy who lived not far. from us' and be had been employed in the -house as hall-boy not long before. I said that I wet aura it was not he (for I knew he had left some months previously on acooust of til- health), and looked down into the passage, bat saw ne one. The passage was a long one with a rather short, turn in it, bo we ran. quickly down the last few atepe, ond looked round the corner, bat nobody was there, and the only door he could' have gone through was shut. As we went upstairs my brother said, 44 sow tale axd ill john loohsfl and why did he -etare bo ?" I aaked what be rieeves tamed up, and was wearing a large, green apron each as jthe footmen' always Wear at theu- work. An hour or two after- < wards 1 asked my maid hew long John Blaney 'had been back in the house. She seemed much surprised, and said, 44 Didn't you hear, Miss, that he died this morning F" On loquity we found he had died about two hours before mv brother saw him. -My mother did not .wish . that my brother should be told this, bnt he beard, of it Bomehow, -and at once.deoiared that he most have seen his ghost. Mabel Olive <Jorb Booth. This apparition, says Mr Myers — " unless we explain it as a telepathic'impreesion pro jected at the moment of death and remaining latent for some hours before it attained ex- tern ali nation— may possibly betaken as show ing something of continued memory in tbe departed boy." a 4 1 scejfx" on the lawn. Another even more extraordinary case, sent to Mr Myers with tbe true names, tot with a request to conceal them and some local details on account of the painful nature. of tbe incident described, is tbe following : — Our informant, whom I will call Mrs M., writes under date loth December, 1891 : — 44 . . . One night on retiring to my bed room about eleven o'clock, 1 thoaght I heard A PECULAB MOANING SOUND, aud some one sobbing as if in gieat dis tress of mind. I listened very attentively, and still it continued ; so I raised the gas in my bedroom, and then went to the landing window of which I have spoken, , drew the blind aeide— and there on the grass was a very beautiful young girls in a kneel ing p06tnre before a soldier, in a general's uniform, sobbing, and clasping her hands to gether, entreating for pardon ; bnt alas 1 he only waved herawaj from him. So mnoh did I feel for the girl that without a moment's hesitation I ran down the staircase to the door opening upon the lawn, and begged her to come in and tell me her sorrow. The figures then disappeared ! Not in the least nervous did I feel then ; went .again to vny bedroom, took a sheet of writing-paper and wrote down what 1 had seen." Mrs M. has found and rent us h?a paper. The following words are written in pencil on a half-sheet of note- paper: 44 13th March, 1886. Have just seen visions on lawn : — a soldier in general's uni- f A. — I ,n t.Js IIMAAIIMM I. A ' 1 i|A iVtUI— B 1KIJ AUDOUilg IU UUU, 1 I . r»v p.m." ... 44 It appears the story is only too true. The youngest daughter of this very old, proud family had had an illegitimate child, and her parents and relatives would not recognise her again, and she died broken hearted. The soldier was a near relative (also a connection of my husband's), and it was in vain she tried to gain his— the soldier's — forgiveness." (In a subsequent letter Sir X. iVs career is described. He was a dis tinguished officer.) 44 So vivid was my re membrance of tbe features of the soldier that some months after the occurrence, when I happened to be calling with my husband at a house where there was a portrait of him, T stepped before it and said, 44 Why, look I There is the General And enre enough it was." ax apparition at westminster town hall Here is au instance where the decedent, who has been interested in an event which was closely approaching when he died, 6eemed to choose the occasion of that event to manifest his continued interest in the friend whom the little crisis— a theatrical performance — concerned. The account of the sDnarition two davs after the death of the person was written down by Mr Myers from the verbal account of the preoipient, and and corrected and signed by her : — 4th Augost, 1890. On the evening of the Saturday, 2Gth,1890, I was engaged with my 6ister and other friends in giving an amateur performance of Tbe Antigone, at tbe Westminster Town Hall, A passage led down to several dressingrooms 1 used by the ladies who were taking part in the representation, and nowhere else. None of tbe publio had any bosinese down this pas sage, although a friend came to tbe door of the dressingroom once to speak to some of us. I was passing from one dressingroom to another, a few steps further along the pas 1 6ge, just before going on to tbe etage, when 1 saw in the passage, leaning against the door- post of the dreesineroom which I had left, a Mr H., whom 1 had metonlv twice, but whom I knew well by sight, and as an acquaintance, though I had heard uvuiiug ut mm iuc two yuan, x uuia out my hand to him, saying, 44 Oh, Mr H.r I am so glad to see you." In tbe excitement of the moment it did not occur to me as odd that be should have come thus to the door of the dressing-room — although tiite would have been an unlikely thing for a mere acquaintance to do. There was a brilliant light, and I did not feel the slightest doubt as to his identity. He was a tall, singular look ing man, and used to wear a frock- coat buttoned unusually high round the throat. I just observed this ooat, bnt noticed nothing else about him specially except his face. He was looeixo at mb with" a sad expression. When I held oat my hand he did not take it, bot shook his head 6lowly, without a word and walked away down the passage— back to the entrance. I did not stop to look at him, or to think over this strange conduct, being in a great hurry to finish drereing in time. Next day, as a number of us were talking over toe periormanoe, my sister oauea cut to me, 44 You will be sorry to hear that Mr H. is dead." 44 Surely not," I exclaimed, 44 for I saw him last night at The Antigone." It turned ont that ho had been dead two days when I saw the figure. It may be added that Mr W. S. Lilly states that he was present at a party when Lady M. suddenly informed her sister. Miss J., of ihe death of Mr H., and he bears witness to Mies J. 's extreme astonishment, and her exclama tion, 44 Why, I saw him last night at 'The Antigone '!" a cas8 of 44 spirit guardianship. 1 " As regards "spirit guardianship,'- lb Myers thinks it need not greatly surprise, anyone "if that impalpable telepathic con nection which sometimes seems to belong maintained between two living persons were , to persist after tbe removal aT ofaeof .them by bodily death." The -writer, of the following, who is personally known to. Mr Myers is the wife. of. Colon Wjokham, ' 'of 7 Comeragh road West : — ' - 1 '< On the evening of 13th March, ?! w dressing myself to go to a 'dinkier 'tortr- at Admiralty House, "Vittoriosa| Helta.. 1 had' accepted Admiral and Mrs -s Invitation much sgainstm j will, aa a dear friend waeJying verionldy lll et Brighton. .RoweyeLh latent, hooonnts bad bean -ao jihearing -add i hopeful that I bad allowed myself to re per, euaded by my husband into. going. an fceuix feeling was creeping oyrr mb ,«nan -nnaocountable masner, hat l tried bo throwitoff.undenooeeded in doing so»to m nertetn exteut<<"edU, something me into -toy head "-fctfiitiH and stare -husband's dreeslh-'toom, which opened Siiro' mine. ' I distinctly saw a "hand' waving, backwards pnd forwards twice. I ru&hed; into Ahe room— it was empty. Soon afterwards my huebond came upstairs, and 1 told him what. I had seen, but he pat it down to nerves." ..r ; As ' we . crossed the water the cool nivht . air atwmnl In rovivit - ma. and I began to isugh at myself -for -letting my imagihktion play toch tricks. 1 Wo got home, somehow, and I dragged my tolf upstairs to my room, and commenced nn- dcesssing. Whilst taking down my hair I riiatinotiy felt a band fas8dd over -mt heau and xegx | aa if someone was assisting -me. I told my husband— to be laughed at. Jkneltto-aay my prayers. - Instead of praying (as I hid been .used to do), lor God to make my friend . well, I, without any will of my own,- prayed timt he might be taken ont of his misery. T wentto bed. Something came and lay be side me. I clung to my 'husband, who>tried to oAlm me, assuring me there wqb nothing th ere-to hurt or frighten me. a cold jmocth seemed to fbreze ox mv chbxe and I distinctly 'heard. 44 Good-bye, > 6is, good-bye," in my friend's well- Iknownvoiee. Still my husband declared he coaldhear nothing. I said, "Ism sure Mr Abbott is dead." 'My Imsbsnd said X was hysterical and over-wrought, drew mo -towards him, and held my hand till I fell asleep— for I .enppoee it -was a dream and not a vision I had. Be this 'H ib uaj , j. esw uir inruu uvun into my room; .a livid mark was across his faice. He was nnsesBD IN A NIGHT- finnr, and hie feet were bare. He came 'and eat besideme — told mc be was dead — that-fae had left me some mony, and before he died had wished to make some alteration in hie! bequest, but the end had oome so soon he had not time to do eo. He repeated his 41 Good bye," kissedme. and disappeared. I told my husband of my dream and marked the date. Five days afterwards a latter with a deep black border came to me from my friena's brother, telling me -his brother had passed away at 30 o'clock, 13th March. Allowing far the difference of time, Mr Abbott must have come to mo either just before or jnst after death. The legacy left me was aa he had stated, also the fact thst he had intended to make a change ss re- . warded it, bat though the lawyer was sent tor he came too late, August, 1890. These are only a few of the casee given by Mr Myer; s.— 4 Fall Hall Gazette. 