fountain fixture.". "A chiri'b aiuwip ye tnkiu' nolca, an' faith well print "em." Got nny water now ? IVrhap-. in future you'll be careful and umke It spiu out. So far n failure— That subway. Nnictty dchl "scs last Wcilnesday. A big lot ftill out.— The printer'!, bills. Bobbing up Mrencly— Mnnicip.il ran.lMnta.. Just linve «l loob nt tbo Sports fuls. in lliis Istuc. Iter. Mr. Orton will prcnch ftt Mount Vintoriu on Sundnv next. One drunk cnpM up on Satunlay Appeared before the boak on Monday. The programme of events for Wentworlli Falls sports appe/ir iu tin's issue. Tenders ire invites! for the erection of a cottage for Mr. Abbott in Katoomba. Sccfldvt. lti-v. Joseph Wouilhnusc, of Dublw, will preach in the IVolevan Church, Kntoomln. huuduy next. Guess the three fern taker who could not be found did r!bt give the special constable their cor rect names. The Right Rev. Dr. Biggins will bless and deli- ' cato the Catholic Church, Springwo.nl, ou Sunday next, the 17th inst. The Mountain Solvation Army promiw soon to lx: a thing of the past. Only about two turn out now to cftdpc of an evening. A' witness waf snkoil st the Court last Wednesday if Ocfcu Jftut was packing up. He hiplicd, " No> i your worshi), she was packing out." The Mayor (Aid. A. A. Smith) Messrs. W. IL Edwards ami Lewis Duff, sen., are sure 6tartcn> for the Municipal stakes— we mean election. Mr. T. McAviuey left two large Swede turnips at cut office this week weigliing Nibs, which were grown in hh garden nt Kntootiiba South. liuninw.iy hnr«e nwrly smashed into a buggy in Mnin-.-tivot, Kut.n nnb.a. last 1'hurmlay. Mul- lany innl Co.V vcrati'lah tost stopped the nag. Mut M un ioi jinlit iu- make property-owners con tribute one- third the cost, of kcibiug in front of their property. Will Katoouiba Council do this- also ? If null why not .' A Katoomba man went away and gnt married this week. He received a big shower of rice on hi- arrival home. What rot? The throwers of tlut food may wish they had it some day. Very thick fog last Monday; could almost slice; it up with a ktrife ; couldn't hev 21) yards in front uf you. ivy , .bunder, iKblinK, min, nnd a general burst up followed. Right euough now. | The rain has done a great dual of good lo the ; Katnnmba new road-, Jt has been the menus of wftshuip aivay potue of that fine f-aud aud should' many imperfection exist, sonic must now show. The Labor League meeting calle I for last Wed- nusday evening nt Katoonib.-. did not take place. Tlic secretary and provident did not show up, and those who did attend were somewhat disappjiutcd. I'lcase remember that those big " pesters " for the Flower Show were not printed nt this office. W«: don't w;.nt our rcpuuilion ns A I printers to suffer. Tlic " n inters "' snight h.ivc fix ml their ini>i int to them. We danced, punched oursclf. kickul the cat. ntv! pitched l lie hcir.zuP- out of the shanty when wc dis- ! ueveri'd tint it was statist in this column last wctk that Mi. Hairy Edwards 'denounced" himself as a candidate. The proprietor of I van hoc Hotel. Blackhentli. Rant up to the Mount Victoria refreshment rooms lo " borrow a couk " ou account of his troubles with ! his chef, but cou'du'l manage it. What next will he waul to borrow .' The ralejnyers of Katoomba Soutli will support the candidature of Messrs. W. H. Edwards and Lewis UufT. sen., fur the two scats iu the Municipal I (douueil, Vdi-eh Will be vanatel by the Mayor and Ahh-nmu James at the end of this mouth. The subway leading to Katoomba Hallway Sla- tiuu is not by any means r gr«yit Requisition. The Mountains get a rather good share of the contents of J. I'iuviouV warerpol, and everylinic we get a g(x>.l shower that subway beara the ajipuaraucc of a wutcrhole. A marrieil woman named Relxmea fnjRs. of Furry . Hills, dropped di?ad while at I.ithgow. on Saturday tnnniiug. An inquest wan helil in t he afternoon,, and a veidict was returuol in accordance with the medical tustimouy. i.e., heart liiseasc. Tl(c<ieceasc>l was 5G years of -igc. Hop? some of our ilchtora. nwny hack, who are a long way iu arrears with their subs., don't fancy wo are Minniiip this paper for the fun of the thing. iYi liters wni k hard, yon know, ami don't get tucli good long terms at they have to give uauv of their customers. I)ju't be. offeu lcd, but, auybow, sent along " the doll Well done ! — The Jhithurtf AdcupiLte editor and manager has made big improvements iu the lively daily. The paper nuw reaches the Mountains on tlie <lny of publication long before the Sydney dailies. It is a good newsv print, and must soon, if it keeps on as it is going at present, wipe one of its contcinpuranes off the face of the earth, for Bathurst cannot possibly support three dailies. Our would-be conteaij). splutters out aucnt the dirty draia question, "Criticism is the work of e fool." Accordiugto this Messrs. Marsden, West, Fell and Marsdca arc cranks for objecting to the notorious drain. The " idiotor" of that sheet 16 also a fool for cnticising tiic shunting nuisance, and a tremeadou big fool for opening bis mouth in advocacy of free trains tocuchrc country busiucss people. Some of Katoomba ratepayers arc thinking of petitioning the council not to have a polling booth in Sydney, and well tliey might. Some people in Brisbauc, Midbpurne, aud crca London nrc owners of Katoomba land, and if Byriney gels & booth, why not have- one in London and the other cities ? If auy laudowner dies cud his estate is not properly dished out, to b2 consistent there must be a polling booth in heaven or the other place. Lat Saturday morning a very foppish vialtor lmd occasion to cross the tram-liuc, Katoomba South, by way of the new bridge being constructed anri being afraid that the beastly tar would spoil his pretty boot he started to tip-toe it. One of the workmen noliciug this cried out, " Be careful old chap, tread gently The chap was startled, slipped on the broad of his back, and bad to do " the artful dodger " all the way home. He would have mode a capital magpie for & fancy dress carnival. Truth says that Joe Cook, Hartley's Senior Mem ber is a decant level-headed chap, aud that it is nearly time he cnmazzlcd his wisdom and gave his views on the new tariff. It also said that be Lab not done or said anything to politically extinguish himself since he entered FarliamenC! Truth is John Norton, and John Norton Trulfit and John didn't even stand a ghost of a show Against John Horicy at a byc-elcction. Joe Cook beat Hurley aud a host of otherv, and no doubt this is sticking in Johu Norton's gixzxrd. Cook lias already said he is a eiiiglctaxcr, and if he is a singletaxer he must be a freetrader ; but whatever may be Ids views on the phreetccLionist question, he is a demo- cratanda worthy representative of Hertlcy aud the great majority. 