GOULBURN JOOKEY CLUB STEEPLECHASE MEETING. SecoND DAY-SamunOAY, OcronER 1I. THot weathtr was mere favourable for tilea eeoond day of the Gooulburn races, which eventuated'n Saturday, and although the attendance was good, numbering close upeu 800, it was not so large as one might have reasonably expected. The broken weather on the first day was most unfortunate, as it prevented many from attending whose business would not allow them to be present on Saturday. The weather on the second day was all that could be desired for a day's outing. The temptrature was cool, but not unpleasant. The grand-stand was largely availed of by ladies, who took a lively interest in the proceedinga. Some very pretty cotnmes were shown to gooe advantage, but, of course, had the day betn more spring-like the display wouli have been moroelaborate. The day's sport passed off very satidfactorily and some'grand finishes were witnessed. There was one acoidant during the day. A jookey named Stanmore, who was neountol on Danby in the Stceplechase, had a miraculous escape from a dreadful death Going over the jumps at the batk of the course Dauby fell heavily, coming partly on his rider, who was unable to release his foot from the stirrup iron. As the horse zoe to its feet it kicked Stanmore in the back and dragged him for some distance before his foot was released. He was picked up and carried to the grand-stand by Mleosrs Shepherd and [Meyer, who happened to be near the spot. Bis injaric were examined by Dr. Wignall, who found them to be rather serious but not of a dangerous eharacter. He sustaiaed a slight ecncousion and a fracture of a small bone in the right hand. At the settling in the ev'oting a susoription liot wos opened for the lad and a handsome sum was got together in a vtry short lime. Theo auree was in much better trim than on the first day, and conserquently the running of some of the horsets was quite different. The first event on the card was the Soelling eRao and four t'ripped for it. O.bhello was made favourite at a point below Bolem, who also had a good number of admirers. Othello ran muoh better than be did on the first day snd the stake f1ll to him without much effort on his part. A protest was lodged by the rider of Sulem for str.rting before the post, but whoa the matter came before the committee they dicmissed it. The winner was put up to suction efrer the race by Mr. J. J. Roborts and he was bought in by the owner for £40. The Steeplecbase, the great event of the meeting,.brought out all the horses entered for it, which made a field of nine. The bad runniteg of Idle Boy on the first day, which was attributed to the softness of the ground, had the effect of loeering him cors derably in the oves of the publio and he started at 10 to 1. It was a good betting race and most of the horses had a good number of supporters. The race turned out tuo be one of the fasetest ever witnessed in these parts and although the fioish was not very alose, the straggle oall through was exciting. Zero was not in jumping form and refused to take the fonces. The race was principally between St. Ilario, Danby and Idle Bay, aLd only fer the unfortunateaccident which befill Danby he would have been well in it at the finib, as he was ruoning well when ha fell St. Ilario made the pace for the greater part of the journey, but Idle Boy, after running his opponent o!eon out of it, won easily. Out of the twenty-thbre entries appearing on the card for the Publican's Purse eight faoeacd the starter, Messenoger being the favourite at 2 to I. Empire and Goldthorn also stood well up in the market. Hermit, the winner of the big money on the first day, was scratched early in the day, as Mr. Leary oonsiderd tho weighttoo heavy with the penalty. The race was .fought cut to the very Ilst stride, when the winner unexpectedly turned up in Fairplay, who was backed at long odds. Some gocd steeds stripped for the Blok Race and Mr. Turner gained a popular win with Solem, who fought out a desperata struggle with Z ro. The final, flutter ocerasioned a good deal of wagering, four of the borses receiving about an equal share of support. Again the result was unonpected, when Mr Oansdell's Crook well horse Friendless II snatche d h victory from Meseonger by about a quarter of a length. The follodwing are the rensults: Bailing Raes, of 20 saoves., for 3 yeors aolds and upwards; weight for age; 7 furlongs. Winner to be sold for £t0. 71be allowed for each £10 redno tion in selling prioe down to nil. ZMr. P. Coreorana's blkl? g Othello,agedl (£10),8st 131b [tdopleeriosj ..... 1 A. N. Turiler's k g olelo, 5 yrs (40), est 1tlbk [bilettJ ...... 2 A. A. tioIltos's ggeelid, O gedl (l20, 7oet 1 01b (smith . ....... Joasm G nymcr's g EShandy Goa, aged (120) ye st1lb 1 Ckln[JayJ Serotched horses: Sneaker, 7st 131b; Towerpieoa, 7et flb ; and Bilds, 7et 4 b. Betting: 5 to 4 (taken) Othello,, 0 to 4 Salem, 10 to 1 Shandy OGff and Enolid. Othello took up thebo running, with Salem on his quarters, Shandy GUff and Euclid being on eves terms This order was mioaitaino right along the back of the oaurse to the turn, when Othello, who was running comfortably, iuooreasd hi lead slightly from SaBolem C.miog down the straight Solem made a epleedid deah and almost came up on even terms with Othello, who seemed to be taking it rather easily, and when the post was reached amidst muoh excitement only a li.tle more than a neck separated the pair, but as we said Othello was not puashed to the utmost. The other brace was not in the raos at any time, and came in some distance behind. Time, 2 mint. 24 sees. Handiap StreOplochase of 70 eova; enoond horse 10 soa. from peize; about 2j milse Ird. L. YC oaau's g g Idlo hoy, ageds, leer; A. eoth) ......................... 1 G. J. Glurlocmns u t St. Ilhrio, 0 years, O10t ]21b IW. Ruddle .............2. .o. s b g eOpYakor, years, -0sat eE. DlaieoJ. 3 T. Lottly'e g g The Gioet, l0st fT. Grietos Geeo . Troy's or g B1oby, 0 yeara or taged, Ot 1ilb kftainoroeeJ I. Giltiuan, allr., ns. bg Zero, ysoers atid 101bf fLank] . . . iesors. Antllouy Bras'. h g Atlanotic, 5 yre,, Oat E Slb fJ. Burlely" , oIr. N. tclhutu's b g Leap Year, 5 years, sol 51k fWVlhalloy " a. E. Motloteo's g Tumberombo, gsled, Sat [J. Scott )--.• . Botling : 4 to 1 St. Ilarit, Atlantio, and Stanker, o toe t The Ghost, 10 to h Idle Boy and others. The feld was sent away to only a fair start, St. Ilario getting all the best of it. He rattlled off at a grueat speed and flew overthe firset steeplo lie a bird. Idle Boy wasthe next, and the other horses, witl thl exception of Zero, who b sulked, were safely seen over the obstacle by/Tke G o0, who came last. Passing the stand for the first time St. Il-rIo was leading by btt 12 lengthes, Idle Boy and Danby oming next. The rest of te field were stretshod out for a ceosiderabla distance. This order was maintained to the next jmup, where a distrosnigd aocidont iocurred. Dsnby, who woes ranning sploendidly, struek the fean heavily and tumbled over. Steanmore was unahbld to clear himself, his foat having oaught in the sirrup.iron. Hea was dragged for some distance before his foot was releoased, and he was rendered unoonsoious and had to bahe pihcked' up and ooveyo from the field. Approaohig the jympa near the grandstand Idle Boy ovrlapped Se. Ilario and got over the first fence firs', but St. Ilario seemed determined to make the pace all the way and he was over the sceond and third feoces and well up the hill obefore Idle Boy, who was rcoing well within himself, saught him again. The Ghost came next some lengths eaway, with Atlantic and Spanker rclse handy, and Leop Year and Tumternmba away in the rear. At the bash of the course Idle Boy had get right away from his field and had it compara tively ill his own way. At the last jomp The Ghost and Atlantio orme down almost simultane ously, but their riders seesped injary. In the race home down the straight Idle Boy was never sighted and won comfortably by about 12 lengths from St. Iltaio, Spanker being a fair third. Time, 5 mine. 20 sees. Publicans' Purse of 60 sove., second horse 10 sovas. from the prize; 1 mile I furlong. Winner at City Bandioap liable to a penalty not exceeding Ilbs. Mr. J. Pollock's b g Fair Ploy, aged, fst 71b (Stvo son) ................ ; ................. . 1 W. leraano I s. br g Mcssengor, g years Set V. audeward................................ 2. .oldthorn, 3years, Oat Sib (Tierney} ............................2 0N.. Conodon s. beg Batpiee, nged, 7t 0lbk (Gfeorge) E. H. Oe8 s. b mt Bablelttse, aged, 6st 101b (H~arbett) Jas. Cats, ns. b g Empire, 5 Lyears, Oat 01b. tp(owesett) A.A.. MooInsc ' b g Orange Blttera, yoears, st G. E. Iandll lne. ch g FPrieondless II., 4-yars, tst (Jacker] - Boratehed horses: Wynellai, 8st 21b; All BSrts, 8St; Steeltrap, 8st; Billy Boy, 7st 121b; Latonia, 7at Sib; Hermit, 7st 41b; Rosothor,,, 7dt 3.b; The Hat, 7at 21b; Arrogant, 7st; Bettioa, Gdt 121b; tiercuriue, Oat 101b; Watehlight, Oat 71b; Solem, Ost 7tb; Alif, fst 41b; Last Light, fat. Bettiung: 2 to 1 Messenger, 3 to I Empire and Goldthorn, 10 to 1 Fair Play and Dampler, 20 to 1 others. After a little trouble a good start was effected. On pasesing the stand the horses were bunobed to gather, Empire having the advantage of a slight lead. Go?ig up the htll Goldthorn took up theb running, which he maintained till the bacr of the eourdso was rlahted, when Friendless 11. superseded him. Very little separated the other horses, anod going down the hill at thle'turn Empire and Gold thorn ocra seen pus.hfllg their way to tib front. Friendless It led into teo straight, with Empire, Goldrhoro, and Aoesaunger oloeo up-eu ,im At this atage Fair llay drew tp to the front, and was lead ing by a lengthr when the rails were reoaced Meresuger came s-acond and Ooldthorn third. The finish was most exciting, and as the favouri'o cbhal longed the leader ithe cxeitument was intense. The two hor?es were almost neck and neck pasring the staund, and the race fIll to Fair Play by about a had, Goeld;horn was about a length away third, and Babette a good fourth. Then came Empire, Friendless IT, and Dampior, and Orange Bitters last. Time, 2min. lico. Handicap Hack Roae of 10 aovs ; 1 mile. tr. A. N Turncr's Solem, sot 12lb (Gillott)......... 1 II. Gi!tlnaa'a Zero, 7at 10]b (Camby) ........... 2 Jans Cain ns lltda, Oat (.iobert) ............... . 8 Pegrum oa Graudbine, nst 121b (Orognoa) tonahan nas Volley, est 12lb (Stovaaeansol Boltting: Even money Hilda, 8 to 1 Solem, 5 to 1 othere. After one false start, in which Volley bolted to the back of the courer, a fair start was effected, Volley if anything getting the worst of it. Zoro, Saolem, and Orandbino were the first three horees going round the turn to the back of the course. At ithe half-mile post ZNero inerees d his lead, Solem being second, with the rest all in a bunch. This order was maintained to the straight, when Salem came up on oven terms with the leader. A splendid race ensuend, and it resulted in ai win for Salem by about a length. Time, Imin. 50ace. Farewell Handicap of 30 soes., second horse 6 sove. from prize; once round. Mr. 0. E. Canadell os'ch g Frletdless II, 4 yeacrs, Ost (Jacker) ............................ 1 W. Brcetan ns bg Scsscnger, 0 years, Ost (Vanderwarden)............. 'E. II. Davies' b m Babette, 0 or 7 years, Oast 71b (Inrhott)...... .......................... 3 J. Leary'a chh h Easy John, O years, sat 5ib (Davies) W. ,Ionaban na b h Billy Boy, aged, 7et 51b (Grogan) J. Becak as h m Keepsake, O years or aged Oet S 121b (Dowsett) T. cAllister na b g aosethorn, aged, Oat 121b (cteveatoa) W. Miller as br m Dettina, 5i yeanrs, ~Oat 71b (Ticroey) Soratched horses: Hermit Sot 21b, Latonia 7at 121b, All Sorts 7t 101b, Thepi au7st 3ib, Gtoldthorn 7st 31b, Empire 7Tt 21b, Fair Play Oat 131b, Othello 6st, Lastlight 6st, and Alif G.t. Betting: 2 to 1 Boettina and E~asy John, 5 to 2 MeosEenger, i t 1 Balbette, 10 to l.others. Bettina, Roe?thorn, and Faitndlesa II were the first to sheaow, with Billy Boy last; Easy John also held a prominent pl1ca as the horses moved up the hill. At the back of the course Friendless II was leading by about a length,- with the rtet of the field close together. When the straight was reached Friendless II still had a slight advantage, with Easy John second and Babette third. Ia the race for home Messeenger came up second and challenged the Orookwell boree. Friendlese II was equal to the ocasioun, and Jacker landed him a winner by ato.t a qouarter of a length, B3betta being about a length away third. Time, Imin. 40aeo. 