AQTK PQPTJLL By the Flaneur. ' Fisher's Ghost' has been killed at last. Its reputation as a sensational criminal horror has been very much on the droop of late, some sceptics going so far as to asoert, a la Sairey Gamp on 'Mrs. Harris,' that there was 'never no sich a person at all,' and, in fact, it was as great a fraud as its shadowy brother of Kiama. Now, however^ it is wiped out from the chief annals of Australian crime by the Windsor murder, and its awful con nections end surroundings. The perpetrator of the latter crime is certainly the coolest fiond that has polluted this world for some time, and ib is very evident that his belief in ghosta must be about as dim as his conscience. It is proved that he murdered his unfortunate viotirn on Christmas Eve, and then sat down and calmly wrote to his mother-in- law to Bay that his wife and hirncelf had ' spent a pleasant Christina?, ' and {: Emily' was then -? the happiest woman to be seen.' As a matter of fact she was not to be seen, however— ho took great care about that—but it is quite possible she was far happier in death than she ever was in life with the wretch to whom she had been united. This was not all either, for the murderer actually had the nerve to sleep for six nights in the same bedroom as hio mangled vic tim— with that ghastly secret lying buried but a few feet from his guilty head ! There can be no such thing as ghostly visitations after that, and Macbeth merely had a bad nightmare when he thought Vie heard a voice cry, ' Sleep no more ! Macbeth does murder sleep !' Two circumstances connected with the murderer bearing the many names stand out in bold relief ? viz., his success with women, and the wonder ful amount of money and jewellery which came into his possession by means not yet accounted for. Possibly the jewellery may account for the success. In the opera of Faust, Siebel courts j Marguerite with a tender flower. Faust leaves a casket of jewels on her doorstep. Siebel ' gets the run' (as the poetic Goethe would say) and a delicate hint ia given that ho should not aspire to anything higher than the hand of a market gar dener's daughter. Faust is immediately voted to be ' a perfect gentleman' and his love is ac cepted straight away. Marguerite subsequently diea in gaol and Faust goes down to a place where Japanese fans and ice-cream chests are a* a premium. There ic a moral in this, but I fear no marriageable lady under GO years of age will pay the least attention to it. Time will show that tho murderer referred to haa also committed at least one great robbery of cash and jewels, and with this prophecy I dismiaa thab part of the oubjoot. Touching his success in love— or what passes for love occasionally—it is curious to find (without connecting Swanson with any crime whatever) that Miss Kouusville. o£ Bathurst says he was ' a perfect gentleman ; ' and fur cher more, he offered bee siafcei: Kate ' a good position.' ' Therefore,' she continues, ' it wan but natural that Kato should accept so at tractive an offer, even though she didn't love him, and though, as a matter of fact, she had received shortly before an offer of marriage from a gentle man she really did want to marry in Brisbane.' There is a vanload of food for reflection in those few words, but still the story is very old. Balzac told it years ago, and Ovid harped on ifc centuries before. Walter Scott was of opinion that ' Love 'rules the court, the camp, the grove,' but be was very young at the time, and it would seem that jrecroniUQ iiroicer ran uuuiut. i-v bua muuu huduuo sang— ' Whoe'er has magic gold uecure may sail Where'er he pleaso, hVs lord ol Fortune's gale ; May in a Daiice's arms be blest as Jove, 1'or all things bow before his wealth, and love,' Most of the Bofter ses agree with Shakespeare fchat ' the apparel oft proclaims the man,' but in many cases it simply proclaims the unpaid account of a master tailor. Clothes and jewellery may make 'a perfect gentleman,' but it takes spirit and brains to make a perfect Man. With out these he is no more than a painted tub without a bottom, and the conceited fool who struts round with nothing to recommend him but his style and clothes has been aptly likened to a travelling circus, where one seen a deal more on fche bills outside than ho does inside of the canvas. Three par to of our marriage failures are caused by women mistaking glitter for gold— preferring Faust's flashing jewels to Siebel's true but modest flower — and I doubt if there is one reader of thi3 par. who cannot recall some 'frightful example' of the miserable folly I now refer to. And, by the way, a neat but bitter comment on such unhappy unions was made by a waitress at a Melbourne Coffee Palace, who deposed that a couple answer ing to the description of ' Williams' and his wife stayed at the ' Palace' for a few days and 'had the appearance o£ beiag mar ried people.' 'That is to say,' she further explained, ' the man was studiously un kind and moulting to tnu juuy. i-u.u *%* u«. chivalry is dead indeed. Before marriage the eooing ia, 'Thou art all fair, my beloved, and therels none to equal thee.' After marriage the yell is, ' Wbat the d— 1 do you do with all the money I give you to run the house ?' For some centuries past loud complaints have been made by the down-trodden reading public touching tho want of enterprise shown h^ the great newspaper proprietors of this city in provid» ing really sencational news, dished up in a Bpicy form, to put before their multitudinous patrons. That this complaint is not unfounded the events of the past few weekc fully prove. A suc cession of discoveries of the most appalling crimeo has taken place and yet our paporo have scarcely a word to say upon the thrilling subjects. Mur der upon murder has boon dragged to light-, and yet what have these journals said upon the sub ject ? Nothing, by the great Muncbausen, abeso lntely nothing ! One or two editors not wholly dead to shame or lost to all sense of their great responsibilities have stuck a few lines in some ...nfinooKiii linie. miii «orner of their sheets to oay that) ' rumours of certain crimoQ are prevalent in Melbourne,' or ' traces of what is supposed to be a murder have been found in a neighbouring colony,' but bpyond this the panting public have been left in what a literary lady, who studies Malthus and Browning and inks her thumb writing nociety slop for a great daily, learnedly calls ' a cataclysm of chaotic Gimmerean dark ness.' And yet look at the gloriouo amount of soul scaring sensational ' copy ' that could have been reeled off by a thorough tradesman on these sanguinary subjects. Think of how the fifty bil lion readers of thoao journals could be made to sit up with affright by such well-chooen head lines a3 ' The Windsor Wolf Worries His Wretched Wife ! ' ' Buckets of Blood !' ' Tho Gory Ghoul Grins at, His Ghastly Games !' i'Sis teea Wives Straagled in Bis Weeks !' 'Married and Murdered in One Act!' and so on, until illiteration's ' awful' aid had been fairly whipped to a standstill. And then again, look at tho splendid opening that was lost ia the way of coming out with something startlingly original, ( such aa a printed photo, of the murderer sur rounded by his many victims ; the cake of soap with which ho wasbei the ' Clotted Gore from His Guilty Hauds ' (there would be a capital chance to run in a soapmaker'o ad. just hore)^the hearthstone under which he intended to bury 'his next victim, and a particularly intelligent com positor might devise some way of expressing in fancy type the last dying shrieks of the bride who was butchered in her beauty on. her wedding day. The fact that there was no butchered bride or piercing shrieks ia immaterial—in fact the ref ar eaoo to them would merely prove the gigantic powers of imagination possessed by the coneocter of thio column 5 but 1 don't thiuk it would be BdviaftW© to depict anything like tho ', Grim C Ghost on her Midnight Mission/' because ghosta are played out, and there is a suspicion ot fraud about them now that would make their appear ance in the pages of a respectable journal a blunder bordering close on lunacy. It is positively deplorable that all those goldea opportunities o£ crushing crime, and at the same time elevating the public taafce and filling so many long-felt wants (to say nothing of scooping in the browns)s should be lost—it may be for years, ib may bo for ever— but if such & rare chance ever ooctsra again, I hope I may be struck political if 1 don't start a newspaper myeelP. And I'll print ib ia blood-red type and guarantee at least one murder QeaBDtioa every week as well. The commanding officer of a uell-knowa British regiment having requested a certain drill-oorgeBnt to ascertain the religious views of some acv? re cruifco, that worthy watrior made chort work o2 the business by calling out — ' Fall in ! Church. oS England men on the right, Rimau Catholica oe the left, all fancy religiona to the seas1 !'J ' Fancy religions ' was ' good;, very excellent good/' for it takes a deal of ' fancy ' to connect anything like true religions with the capsra cut by the majority of the new-fangled creeds which curse the world to-day. During the course of Brother Gr'ubb'a religions entertainments here 0 Mrs. Millard rose one mght and informed the audience that ' the Lord hod need of missionaries, even though they be don keyo, as la the cane of the colt wbich the disciples procured from Bethphago.' That ceemed to me at the time to be a eomewfaat indiscreet atafcosnent to mnke before go maay apostolic !os.'dG o£ creafsioa as were present because even the man who knows he is o donkey does ao(j care to bo semindod o£ that fact by a woman. Hi3 ears may stick out through the top of hie hat, but there ia no crying necessity for c lady to step up nnd set them oa the waggle. Besides, these things give the ibbI9 portion o£ the faithful a firm idea that women are not Sited io act an clergymen at all, they bsiag practice of Jawbone Neildisrn, or speaking in neasoa and out of ceoaon upon snb jecto whioh they do not understand. Ii Mr. Millard vrcn present when tho above reference was made to the braying fraternity be must have felt omall enough to hide away in his injadiciouo partner's hymn-book, for the lady's remarks were received with cm icy coldness c?hich almost tempted some of the weak-kneed brethren to go out to tbe little pub round the corner and call for divers 'nips' of hot toddy. Mrs. Millard may bo a powerful woman and a good 16-hour a day worker ia the vineyard fcoo, but she will never be chosen Loed Biohopeos of Sydney. ' General ' Booth evidently haa no miogivinga as to the qualifications of women for becoming leaders of men, for he told the lads and lDBoiea here Bhat ha had been a ' private ' liko them years ago (that was when the ' Army ' consisted of Mro. and Mr. Booth solely), and that any caa of them might become tho 'General' when he went aloffc. Putting this into Napoleonic words, each lad and Igeo carried a ' General's ' baton ia hie cap or her capacious and chnrmiBg fooaraefce and all thoy had to do was to keep very wido awake and look out for a chance to 'jump the claim.' Thi3 was a happy Btroke of diplomacy ou the General's part, and the subsequent collection was as great a boom as was ever thumped out of the bigdiutn. It is now reported that the 'General' haa appointed his eldest daughter to succeed him. It wag once thought that his eldest son would secure the rosy billet, but there seems to be too mush of the ' Beth= phage colt' about him, and so the daughter is to be created a ' General' on account of her superior ability. She will not be the first female General on record, however, for Queen Victoria is fche General in command of a troop of German cavalry, and when she has all her regimentals on is a far more wondrous sight than anything the army hao turned out up to date. The General o£ the Salvationists id a greater despot than the Czar, however, and ifc is safe to cay that when Booth himself dies the Army will die with him. ' A consummation devoutly to be wished.' 