THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HE ADS. , - - " I would give a million dollars for a stomachy" said a wealthy American .recently. . Now, a,.mil lion dollars (£200,000) is a deal- of money J but -he Waa not able to buy the article even at that price. ' - -ii-- -' Mr Thomas Gaskiu, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Dar- ley Abboy, near Derby, is not so rich' as m'oiiy, be ing' a gardener, but bo was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn trgo.t. ; Hero is bis story, and he shall tall it ' in liis own) way. Mr Gaskin goes on to say ; " Up to eight years ago I had never lost on hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, (near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I bad dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter'so thick and stioky that I often had to remove .it with my fingers. My chest used to ' fill up( and'my throat would swell so I couldn't button my .shirt - at the nepk. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking equgh, and would strain till £ bled at the nose, and the. blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted, and short of breath and had to call the dootor, and was in bed five or six weeks. "I then went as out- patient to the Nottingham hospital, and after attending there for; six months was very little better. I got so thin, that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was aU up with me. For eighteen: months 'I . kept getting better, then worae, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a ohange of air. So. I cams to Darloy Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to .the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. Ifoun'd, however, L that all the beds in tne hospital were 'fall, and I saw my club doctor-ana a'ao two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' Tori are in a galloping consumption/and must die ; the other doctors after sounding my. lungs'arid chest; 1 said nothing, but shook , their heads.' ' " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to. do what, little -I'- cohld iri .'his' gardens and grounds ; and some days £ worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this nntil December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down, com pletely. I was alwayB coughingand ' spitting up phlegm sometimes as muoh as a teacupful a nco, and was :af:aid to go to: sleep for fear thet phlegm would choke me.' -Atihis time the whites of m/ eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were blood shot. My lips 'and mouth were dry and -1/ often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. " My -tongue was like a piece of brown leather, aud I could keep nothing down.- .-Tl'ost over a stone/weight in three weeks. . . : "I managed to get up. for a fsw hoursatatime but was bo. weak I'had to take bold of the furniture tOjinove a. few -yards, I was always ;tired.;and: weary, and sitting or, lying, was ne /t r at ease arid fot no real rest.' Too weak to read I often sat for onrs- looking at -.my hands— notbing.but skin and h'orie'and waB'so' nervous : I oouldn'ir beair the least noise, and the children at play quite upset, me,. . ' "The doctor kept'on (attending me, but he said, ' 1 can do . you' no -goi'd ; l ean only patch you.up, because your lurigs -are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I . could hear, of; One thing was a cough cure from Loudon that;cost22s a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came ; to see riia said, " Well', you won't congh- much longer, you have merely to' prepare for another world.' . , " About the inid-lie of March, 1889, a neighbour . named Joseph Tathain; who works in the paper tnillB-at'Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try- Mother Seigel's Syrup P and told me how he had been .cured attar being m the hospital. He spoke bo much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to -Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores' n Victoriq'-street. After the first . dose I had an. evacuation'blaok as ink, and vomited. - Then If ell asleep and felt' rested whoa . I awoke. .. After taking the medioini for; three days nty breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was ' able to go .out fer a, short wa k..-By the >-nd of a fortnight I "went to seb riiy master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and 1 told him, as I tell every, one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved ' my life." -I ' commenced work- at : once, and have never lost a day's work since; "Of course my strength did ' not return-' all at once,, but after.taking Seigel's. Syrup for- six months l.waB strong as ever in'my .life and have continued so'evbr since."' " '. .'V>:. In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable -statement, Mr Gaskin requests- us to refer all doubters - to liim or to Mr Keetley, Head. Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with, all the .facts; alleged. Mr Ga-kin his lived at Darley- -Abbey. 22 years and bears an excellent re-' putation. ' : " Now, what was; the , complaint from "which he suffered 1 Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doators thought), or -he would have' galloped; into his grave in less than .three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chrome inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronio gastric catarrh), which has lung symp toms likeiconsumption, for which it is so often ignor : antly mistaken, and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, : as . all diseases , of - the '.digestive tract' do yield, .to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. .Gaskin on his re- . covery, ana-.commeuu rna raru ox -uta caau w -uii thinking people. ; ... ........ - . - 