NICK OP THE WOODS. CHAPTER XIX.—Continued. -'v% that conjuncture, and just when Forrester oaught his breath with iutenso and devouring expectation, nn incident occurred which entirely changed the faoo of nifairs, and snatchod the victory from tho bauds of tho Kentuckians. Tho gallant Bruco, thus calling upon hia followers to proparo for tho chargo, had acurco uttered tho words recorded, before a voice, lustier oven thuu his own, bellowed from a bush immediately on his roar— “ Take it like a butcher's bull-dog, tooth and nail!—knifo and skull-splitter, foot aud fingor, givoit to ’em ovory way,—cock-a doodle-doo !” At those words, coming from a quarter nud from uri ally ontiroly unoxpootod, young Bruco lookod behind him, aud bohcld emerging from a hazol bush, through which 1 it had j'ust forood its way, tho visago of Roaring Ralph Stackpulo: its natural ugli noss greatly incroaaod by countless scratches and spots of blood, tho rosult of his loap down tho lodgo of rooks, when first sot upon by tho Indians, and his oyes squinting daggers and ratsbano, especially whilo ho was giving utterance to that gallinaceous slogan with which ho was wont to express lus appotito for conflict, and with which he now concluded his unceremonious salutation. _ ,-i oaiULiiMUU. I Aim voico and visago woro aliko familiar to 1 iiruco s sonsos; and uoithor was so woll. fitted to oxcito alarm as morrimont. But, on tho presont occasion, they producod an ° uP0u young Regulator's spirits, and through thorn upon his actions, tho most unfortunate in tho world ; to understand whioh it must bo recollected that tho worthy Kentuckian had, twonty-four hours boforo, with his own hands, assisted in gibbetmg honest Ralph on tho booeh fcroo, wboro, he had overy’reason to suppose, bis lifolcss body was hanging at that very momont. Ilia as tonishment and horror may tboroforo bo con ceived, when, turning iu some perturbation at tho woll known voioo, ho bohold that identical body, tho corpso of tho oxcoutod horso-thiof, orawliog aftor him in tho grass, V winking and blinking and squinting,” ns ho was usod afterwards to say, “as if tho dovil had him by tho pastern.”’ ; It was a spectacle which tho nervos of even Tom Bruco could not stuud; it did what armed Indians could not do, — it frightouod^ him out of his propriety. For getting his situation, his comrades, tho savagos,--forgetting everything but tho fact of his having administered thn last correotion of Lynch-law to tho obj’oot of his terror, ho sprang to his foot, and, roaring. “ By tho otarual dovil, boro’s Ralph Slack - polo !” ho took to his bools, runuing, in his confusion, right in tho^ direotion of tho onomy, among whom ho would, have presently found himself, but for a shot, by which, boforo ho bad ruu six yards, tho un fortunate youth was struck to tho onrth. . Tho oxolamation, and tho sight of Ralph himself, who also rose to follow tho younu loader upon what ho deemed a rush against tho foo, olootrified tho wholo body of tho Regulators,. who woro immodiatoly thrown into confusion; of whioh tho savages took tho same advantago they had taken of Bruce’s agitation ; firing upon thorn as thoy rose, and then rushiug upon thorn toood tho fray, boforo thoy oould rooovor their wits or Bpirits. It neoded but this, and tho fall of their loador, to render tho ^iuordor of the youug men irrotriovablo; and, accordingly, in loss than a momont, thoy wore seen,—all, at least, who woro notalmostdisablod,—flyingin a panio from tho field of battlo. It was in vain that tho captaiu of horso- thiovos, divin ing at last tho oauso of thoir extraordinary flight, roarod out that ho was a living man, with nothing of a ghost about him what ever ; tho panio was universal and irromedi ablo, and nothing remained for him to do but to eavo his own life as quiokly as possiblo. 11 [Tarnal death to mo!” ho bollowod, turning to fly; but a groau from Bruco foil on his ear. Ho ran to tho oido of tho fallen youth, and, catching him by the hand, ex claimed, “ Now for the heat log, Tom, and a rush up hill to tho hossoa !” “You ar’u’fc hangod thon, aftor all?” muttered tho juuior ; aud thon foil baok as if unable to rise, adding faintly, «* Gorat it, I’m done for.—As for tho—’1—savages, what have I to say—'1—’1—. But I reckon 8oalping’s not much;—'1—’1—ono soon gets used to it!” And thus tho young IContuokian, hia blood oozing fast, his mind waudoring, hia nttornuco failing, muttorod, resigning him self to his fato, ignorant that ovon Staokpolo was no longor at his sido to hoar him. Hia fate did iudood soom to bo inovitablo ; for, whilo Stackpolo had him by the baud, vainly tugging to got him on hisfeot, throo different Indians woro soon running with might and main to quonoh tho last spark of hia exis tence, and to fiuish Stackpolo at tho same But in that very emorgonoy, tho ill-luok which floomod to purauo tho horso- thiof aud all with whom ho was associated, found a change; and destiny sont thorn both assist ance in ft way and by means as uuoxpeotod as they woro unhoped for. Tho approach of tho. savagos was noticod by Roaring Ralph, who, not kuowing how to save his young oxocutionor, against whom ho soomed to entertain no feelings of angor whatovor, and whoso approaching fato ho appeared woll dispceod to rovougo boforo hand, clapped his riflo to his shouldor, to mako 8uro of ono of tho number; when his eyo was uttraotod by tho spoctaolo of a horse rushing up tho stony road, noighing furiously and soattoring tho Indians before him. It was tho okargor Briarous, who had brokon from tho treo whoro ho had boon fastenod bolow, and now camo dashing up tho hill, distracted with terror, or perhaps burning to miuglo in tho battlo, which he had heard and snuffed from afar. Ho galloped by tho throo Indians, who looped aside in alarm, whilo Staokpolo, taking advantago of tho momont, rau up aud siozod him by tho bridlo. In anothor momont, ho had assisted tho fainting Kon tuokiau upon tho animal’s back, loapod up "behind him, and was dashing with wild speed *iip tho hill, yolling with triumph, and laughing to scorn tho bullots that woro shot vainly after. 