A LLOMELEt3S NATION. (Fer.x L. OswALtD.) It has been doubted if a Shanghai coolie can poisibly get " homesick.". iipsies add Hebrews have been called nations without a country, and many nerhad tribes remove their tent tabernacles every few weeks, : but the only .homeleJar..race, in the literal sense, is found in the coast forests of Eastern Coylon; They are the Voddabs. or " wood tramps," supposed to be the original inhabitants of the island, and seem certainly more different from the house building nations than our Yuma Indians are from the citizens of a New England manu faoturingg town. ..Tranv6lers who leave the eaport aof Colombo.in a north-westerly direction have to cross a jungle forest dotted with numerous lagoons, where they are apt to come upon a camp of the strange creatures that prefer the wtlderness to the cultivated uplands a few dozen miles further east.' Walking lelurely', along the'sandyroads, the traveller may get' a chance to watch the occupation' of the half-naked savages before they have noticed his approach. At the foot of a shade tree the patriarch otf the family may be seen crounohed in the midst of tanglel bundles of grape-vines -wild swamp grapes, that overhang the lagoons all around and break easy enough to be gathered by armfuls without the help of a knife. His. wife is sorting palm nuts. Four or five different species of nut. beating palms are found in the primeval forests of Ceylon, but, likb our hickory nuts, they are infested with worms anl their.wiud falls need picking. A. couple of -halfgrtown lade are searching the underbrush'for berries, and as they go aoung may evennow and thee be seen maling a grab at some fluttering insect-a grasshupper, perhaps, or a tree locust, both inelud?le among the delicacies of the Veddah bill of fareo. Two smeller children are playing at hide-and seek behinda bush. They hovo just finished their play with a friendly souffle, when a warning, cry from the' foot of the shade tree makes them loosen their hold and crouoh down fiat in the rank grass. Their mother has caught eight of the stranger. Starting to her feet she hurriedly picks up a little bagful of cracked nuts, then snatches up the largest of the two youngstors, one of her eons takes hold of the other, and in the next moment the whole family has vanished in tne tangle of the swamp forest. As the traveller Inspects the deserted eamp he may possibly reproach himself with the untimeliness of his visit, but the Veddahs have already got the better of their fright. They are probably gathering palm. nuts again, and care little if they are golng to pass the night under a wattle bridge of the waggon road or in a hollow tree in the heart of the jungle.. In dry weather they would just as soon sleep at the edge of a lagoon where they havopassed the evening in hunting a mess of crayfish; but even a thunder-storm will not interfere with the soundness of their slumber if they can enjoy the shelter of a well-tangled hlana throket. Sir Emerson Tennent, who studied their habits during a' ten years' residence in Ceylon, convinced himself that, without compulsion, a family of Veddahs would not work half an hour a year to shelter them selves fromt he inclemeucies of the weather. If one of their kinsmen should moot with a desperate accident, his- friends may camp around his lair for a coup pl weel.t sot . ' tVbei'n tne-ut-,they get him onhisa legs again, theyreulnettheir wander.life; and .rarbly bivouac more than two nights at' the eameplace. ' 'r' In tb'e 'rainy season, when berries 'are esareo,.they often live for weeks on roots and' crayfish, or visit .the seashore in search of, crabs. & species of large treeJizard, similar to the Mexican iguana, they prize as a titbit i and kill it by means of stones or clubs. ! Bows, arrows, knives, and traps 'they con sider as superfluous as shoes and hats, anda generally manage to dispense even with the use of fire. Sun-drying lizards or fish is their nearest approach to the art of cookery. "I do not believe they are any more, particunlar about such thiugs than a wan deroo [a brush monkey] or a wild pig would be,".said a Cingalese peasant when Tennent asked him how the Veddahs could endure the inseet plagues of the jungle. "They would not use our kind of clothing if they could get it for nothing," he added, "and some of them would die if von should try to mkce them stay in a house." An English missionary found, indeed,[ that even the cripples of the Veddah pro-i fer the freedom of the wilderness to the coemforts of olvilisation. Having heard of an old woodman who had broken his right leg, just above the ankle, he got his native servants to bunt him up and bring him along by the promise of a good dinner. By means of an interpreter he then offered him the use of a vaocant cottage and two free meals a day if he would renounce his savage mode of life. . As a sample of their hos pitality, the missionary people fitted him up a comfortable bed and induced him to par. rake of a good supper, but the next morning they found that the old fellow had decamped I under cover'of darkness. A canvas tent .which they sent him soon after was picked up I in ;wayeidoe ditch the next week. It had' been punched full of (mall holes, and. had' pbobably' boee thrown away as too unwleldy for a fishing, net. . "' qii ries inuto the religious status of the Veddahe have led to a rather unexpected 'reeul, sind seem 'to 'prove' that :practical morality, can long' precede the dawn of theo logidal speculations. ., "Do you know where yo' wly ,go. after' you are dedd?" the traveller Selzer asked an old Veddah squaw who had encouraged dise ouseion of that sort by certain curious in quiries of her own. Her an'swersurprisedhim. "Some years ago," said she, " we buried a man whose son had been kidnapped by the Nollerah hill I folks, and who was almost crazy about. having to die before he had a chance to heol his boy. For a week or so I almost thought he would come back from the grave, but he never came. It must be becausehe couldn't. No one can. The logs are too heavy," referring to the custom of burying their dead under the stump of a fallinu tree. "Do you know who made this worldl?" asked Professor Solzor, finding the old lady's vocabulary of Cinsgaleso terms rather comn-. prehensive. "Do you i" was her innocent counter query. "The monaoon rain m:lake theo gras grow, but we do not cknow who made the stones or the mountains." "H?Hve you never thought about ouch questions? My :aint utt:scd t) ask, ' Who drives thebo mon ' lut what coudl one answer? It's no ute :t?icg such qucs tion3." Thoee naolote 3noltstict cnel, howecre, be tratedl to reolpec't the bu)ndarie of cultivatel fPilds with or "VithiOut a t!lcrn helhe, cnl are not apt to breik a promia, even to a setran:er. Com:tentin, on the cil lmcrriaoe laws of the Ita?!il: Gtvorn ctont, the 0'.,', "' re R] ,,ne.. a tmooth ago remnark'l, tlhat "sucht outrac?eous inxio'c:wtiona "ould !:ock the mcat uncultivated people on earthl, eince the mcorriage form of tho vcriclt r?nr'vges it alw.ay, accompanicd ';ith eomo degree of reli-:iou? ceremonial." ' In the cnca of tho Vecddah, that rule wol, hEbO confiroed by r.n exception. Lik3 I 'th:t Hcndooino Indians. thoy cnntona them colveswith ramoving the brido's harmmook I from her fothor's camp to that of her succces- I nl autor, but a custom observed 'all along he east coast seaem to dascourago consan ineOe marrages. s" s y do you not marry girls from your o a camnps P' Professor Seoer asked a Ved d h youth who had imported his inamorata frm the other side of a broad coast river. ' It is never done," was the evasive reply. SWhy not P'' he Yeddah reflected. "9It wouln't do, no w," said he at last. " Young folks of the same gang have been kicked about tog her too much you know,'" meaning tha between' near relativese familiarity br as a ort of contempt incompatible with the development of the tender pas sion. The " dread of a scold" can hardly preve t the no ptals of neighbours; as the dictio ary of the bush Veddahe is said to contali less than 101 words. Their would be edupators have to begin their attempt at reform with linguistit instruction, since oonverbetionu in the vernacunlr--are con stantly hampered by the lack of terms for abstract conceptions. hus' the Veddabs have one word for rips grape and another for sour, but no equivalent for the adjectives sweot, ripe, blute, or green. A repeated 'extension of their uplifted arms is their nearest approach to a synonym of great or grand. Anger they express by striking their knees, and shame on the sense of absurdity by hiding their eyes. They hardly ever laugh. The idea of the comio, as apart from the morally preposterous, is apparently be yond their mental horizon. After sunnet they, occasionally evince a vague uneasiness that has been supposed to indicate a trace of ." animism," as modern pliilosophers call the--riamitive belief in ghosts, but that dreadrof darkness would harlly furnish a bsasis fr spirimullstio enter prire, and its germ may more likely be loand in mllnitnht panics imareseed for countloss generations on the noals of our Darwinian ancestors. The prowling giant oats of the tropics are the probable proto typos of lemuros, lamias, nieht.hngs, and ghoulA, if not of " Old Scratch" himself. In the youngsters of the Veddahs a penchant for vagrancy would seem to get developed as early as the Instinct of pre varication' in a Dupont street Mongolian. The wife of the same missionary who failed to reclaim the crippled fisherman once tried her luck with a gang of Veddah children, who passed her, bungalow on their way to a grape-jungle once or twice a week. By dint of little presents she induced them to linger on her poroh now and then, and thought she had enraged their interest in a description of the New Jerusalem and its inducements to permanent settlers, enumerated with the eloquence of a Kern valley land agent- but all her attempts to organiso a regular Bible class were defeated by the truancy of her younw friends. "Where have you been these last two woeeks?" she once shed the biggest boy of the gang. " Don't you remember what I told you about the Golden City and the Castle of Zion ? " "WVhy yes," stammered the youngster; "it was heap pretty," raising both hands at arms' length, "but we thought we-liked outdoor play better." ' Her little visitors, in fact, had renouncel the very hope of a permanent home too com. pletoly for missionary purposes. 