TOE AMERICAN CLAIMANT By MARK TWAIN. CHAPTER XV. Tracy went to bed happy once more, at rest in liia mind once more. He'had started out on a high emprise—thatwas to liiscredit, he argued; lie had fought the best fight he could, oonsiderintr the odds against him—that was to his credit; he had been defeated—certainly there was nothing discreditable in that. Being defeated, he bad a right to retire with the honours of war and go back without prejudice to the position in the world's society to which he had been born. Why? even the rabid Republican chairmaker would do that. Yes, bis conscience was comfortable once more. He woke refreshed, happy, and eager for his cablegram. He had been born an aristocrat, he had been a democrat for a time, he was now an aristocrat again. He marvelled to find that this final change was not merely intellectual, it liad invaded his feeling; and he also marvelled to note that this feeling seemed a good deal less artificial than any he had entertained in his system for a long time. He could also have noted, if he bad thought of it, that his bearing had stiffened over night, and that his chin had lifted itself a shade. Arrived in the basement he was about to enter the breakfast-room when he saw old Marsh in the dim light of a corner of the hall, beckoning him with his finder to approach. The blood welled slowly xip in Tracy's cheeks, and he said with a grade of injured dignity almost dread " Is that for me ?" "Yes." " What is the purpose of it ?" " I want to speak to you—in private." "This spot is private enough for me." Marsh was surprised, and not x^articularly pleased. He approached and said, "Oh, in public, then, if you prefer. Though it hasn't been my way." The boarders gathered to the spot, interested. "Speak out," said Tracy. "What is it you want}" "Well, haven't you—er— forgot something r " I! 'I'm not aware of it." " Oh, you're not ? Now you stop and think a minute." " I refuse to stop and think. It doesn't interest me. If it interests you, speak out." "Well, then," said Marsh, raising his voice -to aslightly angry pitch, "you forgot to pay your board yesterday—if you're hound to have it public." Oh, yes; this heir to an annual million or so bad teen dreaming and soaring, and had forgotten that pitiful three or four dollars. For penalty he must have it ^coarsely Seng in his face in the presence of these people—people in whose countenances was already beginning to dawn an uncharitable enjoyment of the -situation. " Is that all ? Take your money aisd give your terrors a rest." Tracy's hand went down into his pocket with angry decision. But—it didn't come out. The colour began to ebb out of his 'ace. The countenance about him showed a growing interest; and some of them a heightened satisfaction. There was an uncomfortable pausethen he forced out with difficulty the words, "Fve been robbed." Old Marsh's eyes flamed up with Spanish fire and he exclaimed, "Bobbed, is it? Tliat's your tone? It's too old—been played in this bouse too often. Everybody plays it that can't get work •when he wants it, and won't work when he can fret it. Trot out Mr. Allen, somebody, and let him take a toot at it. It's his turn next; he forgot, too, last night. I'm laying for him." One of the negro woman came scrambling downstairs as pale as a sorrel horse with consternation and excitement. "Misto Marsh, Misto Allen's skipped cut." "What?" " Yee sah, an' cleaned out his room clean; tuck bofe towels en de soap." " You lie, you hussy." "It's jes' so, jes' so I tells you—en Misto Summer's socks is gone en Misto Naylor's yuther shirt." Mr. Marsh was at boiling point by this time. Be turned upon Tracy "Answer up now—when are jou going to settle?" "To-day—since you seem to be in a hniry." "To-day is it? Sunday—and you out of work? I like that. Come—where are you going to get the money?" Tracy's spirit was rising again. He proposed to impress these people. - " Lara expecting a cablegram from home." Old Marsh was caught out with the surprise of it The idea was so immense, so extravagant that he could'nt get his breath at -first. When he did get it, it came rancid with .sarcasm. " A cablegram—think of it, ladies and gents —he's expecting a cablegram. He's expecting a cablegram, this duffer, this scrub, this bilk. 3Tromhis father—eh? Yes, without a doubt. A dollar or two a word—oh, iihat's nothing— tkey don't mind a little likethat, this kind father don't. Now his father is—er—well, I reckon lis father" j " My father is an English Earl." I The crowd fell back aghast—aghast at the sublimity of the young loafer's " cheek." Then they burst into a laugh that made the windows xattle. Tracy was too angry to realize that he liad done a foolish thing. He said, "Standaside, please. I" "Wait a minute, your lordship," said Marsh, bowing low; where is your lordship going ?" " For the cablegram. Let me pass." "Excuse me, your lordship, youH stay right where you are." " What do j'ou mean by that ?" " I r mean'that I didn't begii begin to keep a boarding-house yesterday. It means that I am not the kind t.hat. that «m can be he taken in by bv everv every Iiackdriver's son that comes loafing over here because he can't earn a living at bowSi It means that you can't skip out on any such" Tracy made a step toward the old man, but Mrs. Marsh sprang between, and said, " Don't Mr. Tracy, please." She turned to lier husband and said.* Do bridle your tongue. "What has he done to be treated so ? Can't you see he has lost his mind with trouble and distress? He's not responsible." " Thank your kind heart, madam, but I've not lost my mind, and if I can have tha •mere privileges of stepping to the telegraph office" " Well, you can't," cried Marsh. « or sending" "Sending. That beats everything. If there's anybody that's fool enough to go on such a chuck! eheaded errand" " Here comes Mr. Barrow—he will go for me. Barrow" A brisk fire of exclamation broke out— "Say, Barrow, he's expecting a cable gram.' " Cablegram from his father, you know." " Yes—cablegram from the wax-figger." " And say, Barrow, this fellow's an Earl— take off your hat, pull down your vest." "Yes, he'soomeoff and forgot his crown, that he wears Sundays, He's cabled over to bis pappy to send it." "You step out and get that cablegram, Barrow; his majesty's a little lame to-day." " Oh, 6top," cried Barrow, j" give the man a chance." He turned and said with some severity, "Tracy, what's the matter with you? "What kind of foolishness is this you've been talking? You ought to have more sense." " I've not been talking foolishness; and if you'll go down to the telegraph office" "Oh, don't talk so. I'm your friend in trouble and out of it, before your face and t>ehind your back, for anything in reason; fcut you've lost your head, you see, and this moonshine about a cablegram" Til go there and ask for it." " Thank you from the bottom cf my heart, Brady. Here, I'll give you a written order for it. Fly, now, and fetch it. We'll soon see." Brac(y flew. Immediately the sort of quiet began to steal over the crowd which means dawning doubt, misgiving, and might be translated into the words " Maybe he is expecting a cablegram. Maybehefaugotafathersomewhere. ilaybo we've been just a little too fresh, just a shade too previous." Loud talk ceased; then .the mutteringsand low murmurisgs and whisjieringsdied out. The crowd began to crumble apart. By ones and twos the fragments drifted to the breakfast table. Barrow tried to bring Tracy in ; but he said, "Not yet, Barrow—presently. 1 ' Mis. Marsh and Hattie tried, offering gentle and kindly percussions, but he said, " I woula rather wait till he comes." Even old Marsh began to have suspicion; that maybe he had been a trifle too " brash,' as he called it in the privacy of his soul, and lie pulled himself together and started towards Tracy with invitation in his eye; but Tracy -warned him off with a gesture which was quite positive and eloquent. Then followed the ftilljBt quarter of an hour which had ever been known in that house at that time of day. It -was so etill. and so solemn withal, that when somebody's cup slipped from his fingers and landed in his plate the shock made people etart, and the sharp sound seemed as indecorous there and as out of place as if a coffin and mourners were imminent and being waited for. And, at last, when Brady's feet came clattering down the stairs, the sacrilege seemed unbearable. Everybody arose softly and turned towarda the door, where stood Tracy, then, with a common impulse, moved a step or two in that direction, and stopped. While they ^ed, young Brady arrived, panting, and put junto Tracy s hand—sure enough—an envelope. Tracy fastened a bland, victorious eye upon the gazers, and kept it there tiU one by one tVy dropped their eyes, vanquished and em- I barrassed. Then he tore open the telegram glanced at its message. The yellow paper fell from-li:s fingers and fluttered to the floor, and hi.- face turned white. Thero was nothing there but one word— "THANKS." The humourist of the house, the tall, rawboned Billy Nash, caulker from the navy yard, was standing in the rear of the crowd. In the midst of the pathetic silence that was now brooding over the place and moving some few hearts there toward compassion, he began to whimper, then he jjut his handkerchief to his eyes and buried his face in the neck of the bashfulest young fellow in the company, a navy yard blacksmith, shrieked " Oh, puppy, how could you?" and began to bawl like a teething baby, if one may imagine a baby w itb the energy and the everlasting voice of a jackass. So perfect was the imitation of a child's cry, and so vast the scale of it, and so ridiculous the aspect of the performer, that all gravity was swept from the place as if by a hurricane, and almost everybody there joined in the crash of laughter provoked by the exhibition. Then the small mob began to take its revengerevenge for the discomfort and apprehension it had brought upon itself by its own too rash freshness of a little while before. It ^uyed its poor victim, baited him, worried him, as dogs do with a cornered cat. The victim answered back with defiances and challenges which included ^everybody, and which only gave the sport new spirit and variety; but when he changed his tactics and began to single out individuals and invite them by name, the fun lost its funniness and the interest of the show died out along with the noise. Finally, Marsh was about to take an innings, but Barrow said, " Never mind now, leave him alone. You've no account with him but a money account. Ill take care of that myself." The distressed and worried landlady gave Barrow a fervently grateful look for his championship of the abused -stranger; and the pet of the house, a very prism in her cheap but ravishing Sunday rig, blew him a kiss from the tips of her fingers, and said with the darlingest smile and a sweet little toss of her head, "You're the only man here, and I'm going to set my cap for you, you dear old thing." For shame, puss. How you talk. I never saw such a child." It took a good deal of argument and persuasion—that is to say, petting under these disguises—to get Tracy to entertain the idea of breakfast. He at first said he would never eat again in that house, and added that he had ^enough firmness of character, be trusted, to enable him to starve like a man when the alternative was to eat insult with his bread. When he had finished Irs breakfast, Barrow took him to his room, furnished him a pipe, aid said cheerily, "Now, old fellow, take in your baille-flag out of the wet, you're not in the hostile camp any more. You're a little upset by your troubles, and that's natural enough; but don't let your mind run on them any more than you can help; drag your thoughts away from youi troubles— by the ears, by the heels, or any other way, so you manage it; it's the healthiest thing a body can do. Dwelling on troubles ii deadly, just deadly, and that's the softest name there is for it. You must keep your mind amused—you must, indeed." "Oh, miserable me!" " Don't! There's just pure heartbreak in that tone. It's just as I say; you've got to get right down to it and amuse your mind, as if it was salvation." "They're easy words to say. Barrow, but how am I going to amuse, entertain, divert a mind that finds itself suddenly assaulted and overwhelmed by disasters of a sort not dreamed of and not provided for? No, no, the bare idea of amusement is repulsive to isy feelings. Let us talk of death and funerals." "No—not yet. That would be giving up the ship. Well not give up the ship yet. I'm going to amuse you; I sent Brady out for the wherewithal before you finished breakfast. "You did? What is it?" "Come, this is a good sign—curiosity. Oh, there's hope for you yet." CHAPTER XVI. Brady arrived with a box, and departed, after saying— "They're finishing one up, but they'll be along as soon as it's done." Barrow took a frameless oil portrait, a foot square, from the box, set it up in a good light, without comment, and reached for another, taking a furtive elanee at Tracy meantime. The stony solemnity of Tracy's face remained as it was, and gave out no sign of interest. Barrow placed the second portrait beside the first, and stole another glance while reaching for the third. The stone image softened a shade. No.3 forced the ghost of a smile, No. 4 Bwept indifference wholly away, and No. 5 started a laugh, which was still in good and hearty condition when No. 14 took its place in the row. " Oh, you're all right,"said Barrow. " You see you're not past amusement." Ike pictures were fearful as to colour, and atrocious as to drawing and expression; but the feature which squelched animosity and made them funny was a feature which could not achieve its full force in a single picture, but required the wonder - working assistance of repetition. One loudly dressed mechanic in stately attitude, with his hand on a cannon, ashore, and a ship riding at anchor in the offing—this is merely odd; but when one sees the same cannon and the same ship in fourteen pictures in a row, and a different mechanic standing watch in each, the things get to be funny. "Explain—explain these aberrations," said Tracy. "Well, they are not the achievement of a single intellect, a single talent—it takes two to do these miracles. They are collaborations; the one artist does the figure, the other the accessories. The figuro-artist is a German shoemaker with an untaught passion for art, the other is a simple- hearted old Yankee gaiior.man whoSe possibilities are strictlv lifted to his ship, his cannon, and his patch o"f petrified 6ea, They •work these things up from twenty-five cent tin types; they get six dollars apiece for them, and they can grind out a couple a day when they strike what they call j a boost—that is an inspiration." "People actually pay money for these calum- ! nies?". " They actually do—and quite willingly, too. ] And these abortionists could double their • trade and work the women in if Captain Saltmarsh could whirl a horse in, or a piano, or a ' guitar, in place of his cannon. The fact is, j he fatigues the market with that caunon. I Even the male market, I mean. These four- j teen in the procession are not all satisfied. ; One is an old 'independent' fireman, and he J wants an engine in place of the cannon; j another is mate of a tug, and wants a tug in j place of a ship—and so on and so on. But the captain can't ir. * ~ tug that is deceptive, and a fire engine is v:y fUghts beyond his power." j "This is a luost extraordinary form of rob- l bery. I never heard of anything like it. It's interesting." " Ves, and so are the artists. They are perfeotly honest men, and sincere, and the old sailor man is full of sound religion, and is as devoted a student of the Bible, and misquoter as you can find anywhere. I don't know a better man or kinder-hearted old soul than Saltmarsb, although he does swear a little sometimes." " He seems to be perfect. I want to know him, Barrow." " YouH have the chance. I guess I hear them coming now. _ We'll draw them out on their art, if you like." The artists arrived, and shook hands with great heartiness. TheGermanwas forty and a little fleshy, with a shiny bald head and a kindly face and deferential manner. Captain Saltmarsh was sixty, tall, erect, powerfully built, -with coal-black hair and whiskers, and he had a well-tanned complexion, and a gait and countenance that were full of command, confidence, and decision. His |liorny hands and wrists were covered with tattoo marks, and when bis lips paired, his teeth glowed up white and blemisbles?. His voice was the effortless deep base of a Church organ, and would disturb the tranquillity of a gas flame fifty yards away. "There wonderful pictures," said Barrow. "We've been examining them." " It is very pleasant dot you like dem," said Handel, the German, greatly pleased, " Und you,| Herr Tracy, you haf peen bleased mit dem too, alretty?" " I can honestly say I have never seen anything just like them before." "Schiio," cried the German, delighted. "You bear, captain? Here is a ehentleman, yes, vot abbreciate unser aart." The captain was charmed and said— "Well, sir, we're thankful for a compliment yet, though they're n3t as scarce now as they used to be before we made a reputation." "Getting the reputation is the uphill time in most things, captain." " It's so. It ain't enough to know how to reef a gasket, you've got to make the mate know you know it. That's reputation. The good word, said at the right time, that's the jrord that makes us; and evil be to him that evil thinks, as Isaiah says." "It's very relevant, and hits the point exactly," said Tracy. " Where did you study art, captain?" " I haven't studied ; it's a natural gift." "lie is born mit do3e cannon in him. He tondt haf to do noding ; his cheilius do all de «ork. Of lie is asleep, and take a pencil in his hand, out come a cannon. Py ocasus, of he could do a clavier, of he could do a guitar, of he could do a vashtub, it is a fortune, heiliget Vohanniss, it is yoost a fortune." "Well, it is an immense pity that the business is hindered and limited in this unfortunate »vay." The captain grew p trifle excited himself mw. "You've said it, Mr. Tracy. Hindered"! Well, I should say so. Why, look here. This fellow here. No. 11 hes a hackman—a flourishing hr.clm.an, -I may say. He wants ; his hack ill this picture. Wants it where the cannon is. I get around that difficulty by | - telling hnn the cannon's our trademark, so to speak—proves that the picture's our work, and j 1 was afraid if we left it out people wouldn't know for certain if it was a Saltraarsh-Handel —now you wouldn't yourself" " What, captain? You wrong yourself, in- Jc-ed you do. Any one who has once seen a senuinc Saltmarsh-Handel is safe from imposture for ever. Strip it, flay it, skin it out of every detail but the bare colour and expression, ind that man will still recognise it, still stop to worship." "Oh, how it make me feel to hear dose expressions"—he still says to himself again as | • tie has said a hundred times before; " the i art of the Saltmarsh- Handel is an art apart, there is nothing in the heavens above or in the J 3arth beneath that resembles it" 5 " Py chiminy, nur horen Sie einmal. In my i lifedny haf I never heard so breciou3 worts." 1 "So I talked him out of the hack, Mr. Tracy, and he let up on that, and said put a hearse, then—because he's chief mate of a hearse, but don't own it—stands a watch for <cages, you know. But I can't do a hearse amy ,-nore than I can a hack, so here we are—becalmed, you see. And it's the same with ..omen and such. They come and they want a little johnry picture" " It's the accessories that make it a yenre ?' "Yes, cannon or cat, or any little thing like that, that you heave in to whcop up the effect. We could do a prodigious trade with the women if we could foreground the things they like, but they don't give a curse for artillery. Mine's the lack," continued the captain, with asigh. "Andy's end of the business is all right. I tell you he's an artist from wavbaek!" "Yoost hear dot old man!" He always talk 'poud me like dot," purred the pleased German. " Like at his work yourself! Fourteen portraits in a row. And no two of -them alike." "Now that you speak of it, it is true; I hadn't noticed it before. It is very remarkable. Unique, I suppose." " I should say so. That's the very thing about Andy—he discriminates. Discrimination is the thief of time—forty- ninth Psalm; but that ain't any matter, it's the honest thing, and it pays in the end." "Yes, he certainly is great in that feature, one is obliged to admit it; but— now mind, I'm not really criticising—don't you think he is just a trifle ovor-stroug in technique?" The captain's face was knocked expressionless by this remark. It remained quite vacant while he muttered to himself, "techniquetechnique— jiolyteehnique —pyro-teehnique ;' that's it, likely—fireworks—too much colour.' Then he spoke up with serenity and confidence, and said, " Well, yes, he does pile it on pretty loud, But they all like it, you know—fact is, it's the life of the business. Take that No. S there, Evans the butcher. He dropB into the studio as sober-coloured as anything you ever see; noic look at him. You can't tell him from scarlet fever. Well, it pleases that butcher to death. I'm making a study of a sausagewreath to hand on the cannon and I don't really reckon I can do it right, but if we can, we can break the butcher." " Unquestionably your confederate—I mean your—your fellow craftsman — is a great colourist" " Oh, danke, schon!" " In fact, a quite extraordinary colourist; a colourist, I make bold to say, without imitator here or abroad—and with a most bold and effective touch, a touch like a battering ram, and a manner so peculiar and romantic, and extraneous, and ad libitum, and heart-searching, that—that—he—he—is an impressionist, I presume?" "No," said the captain simply, "he is a Presbyterian." "It accounts for it all—all—there's something divine about his art—soulful, unsatisfactory, yearning, dim-hearkening on the void horizon, vague murmuring to the spirit out of ultra-marine, distances and far-sounding cataclysms of uncreated space—oh, if he has ever tried distemper?" The captain answered up with energy, . ; : , ; "Not if he knows himself! But his dog has, and" "Oh, no, it was not my dog." "Why you said it was your dog." " Oh, no, captain, I" "It was a white dog, wasn't it, with his tail docked, and one ear gone, and" '•Dot's him! Dot's him!—der ferry dog. Why, by Ghorge, dot dog he vould eat baint yoost de same like" " Well, never mind that now—'vast heaving —I never saw such a man. You start him on that dog and he'd dispute a year. Blamed if I haven't seen him keep it up a level two hours and a half." "Why, Captain," said Barrow, " I guess that must be hearsay." "No, sir, no hearsay about it—he disputed with me." " I don't see how you stood it." "Oh, you've got to if you run with Andy; but it's the only fault he's got." "Ain't you afraid of acquiring it?" "Oh, no," said thecap'ain tranquilly, "no danger of that, I reckon." The artists presently took their leave. Then Barrow put his hand on Tracy's shoulder and said, "Look me in the eye, my boy. Steady, steady. There, it is just as I thought, hoped, any way; you're all right, thank goodness. Nothing the matter with your mind, but don't do that again for even fun; it isn't wise. They wouldn't have believed you if you'd been an Earl's son. Why, they couldn't, don't you know that? Whatever possessed yau to ask such a freak? But never mind about that, let's not talk of it. It was a mistake; you see that yourself "Yes—it icas a mistake." " Well, just drop it out of your mind, it's no haim ; we all make them. Pull your courage together and don't brood and don't give up. I'm at your back, and we'll pull through, don't you be afraid." When he was gone Barrow walked the floor a good while, uneasy in his mind. He said to himself, " I'm troubled about him. He never would have made a break like that if he hadn't been a little off his balance. But I know what being out of work and no prospect ahead can do for a man. First it knocks the pluck out of him and drags his pride in the dirt; worry does the rest, and his mind gets shaky. I must talk to those people. No—if there's any humanity in them—and there is, at bottom— they'll be easier on him if they think his trouble has disturbed his reason. But I've got to find him some work; work's the only medicine for his disease. Poor devil! away off here, and not a friend." 