Hue §WgitjL' , PUBLISHED DAILY. "I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for insertion in the news columns should be addressed to THE Emmott Rejected letters cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. Nonotioocan be taken of anonymous communications Even letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons interested, we have to request that all business communications, including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addressed to WILSON and M .cHis\oN, and not to THE EDITOR. Payments by post office order, bank draft, or Victorian postage stumps will oblige. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1892. ? The " change of front " with regard to the Railway Commissioners which was announced to the Assembly yesterday was approved of from the Ministerial and Opposition sides and found its only critics in the Government corner. Ministers withdraw their charges against the commissioners and withdraw their notice of dismissal, and offer substantial compensation, namely, half salary for the unexpired term of engagement; and on these conditions the commissioners-putting on record once more their denial of the Ministerial allegations tender their resignations. The commissioners were to be drummed out of the service in disgrace, and instead they retire with the honours of war. The address from the Treasurer last week was the first sign of wavering in the Government ranks, and from the moment that speech was delivered the question has to a large extent been merely whether an accommodation would be arrived at prior to the examination of the chairman at the bar, or whether the examination would be allowed to proceed, the compromise coming afterwards. For many reasons it was highly desirable that the chairman should be heard in defence, if only to set aside calumnies which are at once silly and injurious, and which a few words from his mouth would dispel; but the negotiators decided otherwise Having arrived at terms, they, were, no doubt, afraid that feeling might be aroused during the proceedings at the bar which would render the compromise more difficult of advocacy. And when negotiators are appointed a great deal must be left to their discretion. The pressure upon the gentlemen who represented the commissioners to come to terms was no doubt very great. The Government claimed that the issue had been remitted to the country and that the decision of the country was final. According to Ministers, no matter what the evidence was, the Government majority was to compel the commissioners to go, and men of the world know that given a partisan following and any injustice, no matter how monstrous, is possible. The negotiators would have this fact in their minds. And, on the other hand, the terms offered are in themselves honourable, though they may be inadequate. The public withdrawal of the charges is a great deal, and the pay- sheet of compensation is in itself absolute evidence that the commissioners are free from reproach as regards loyalty and honour. Under the stress of argument the Government had abandoned the greater part of their first position, and it was deemed to be ]X)litic not to press Ministers for more. The Parliament is not disposed to put the Government out of office under any circumstances at the present juncture, because the finances have yet to be dealt with, and yet with the Government in office the commissioners could not go back. This being the position, the negotiators re 1 presenting the commissioners could only ask for terms-and the terms are before the country. Those who have battled for the right, apart from mere considerations , of passing popularity, sure that the country would come round to the side of justice and fair dealing at last, may honestly congratulate themselves upon taking the sting out of the Government procedure. The commissioners go with honour. The country is saved from the stigma of disgracing men to whom it would not listen. The result may not be " the Opposi- " tion victory " it was said to be from the Government side. We should be sorry to look at the question from a party standpoint. But the conduct of the Government is certainly open to the criticisms which it received from Messrs. F. STUART, BEAZLEY, BAILES, METHVEN, and other members of the Ministerial corner principally the members who were most emphatic in their con- demnation of the commissioners during the general election. In effect, these gentlemen say that the Ministry went to the country full of hot indignation against the commissioners, and limiting and endorsing charges which set the country against those officers. Members believed the Ministry and echoed their complaints, and then the cry was redoubled, and the constituencies from one end of the colony to the other were set aflame. This tone and this action prevailed up to the last moment. An address was brought down praying for the removal of the commissioners on charges which are either true or untrue, and which if true fully justified the proposed dismissal, and at the caucus of Ministerial supporters the same warm language was used. The commissioners, it was said, had been tried by two Ministries and by the country, and another trial was out of place, was totally uncalled for, and should not be allowed. If the commissioners were heard that would be to accuse the Ministry, who could not submit to any such constitutional insult, and so on. The appeal to the country for justice followed, and it is to the success of that appeal that the Corner members attribute the change which has occurred. The moment the Government found that a majority in the House would respond to the newly-awakened feeling in the country and that there could be no dismissal without an investigation, the wavering occurred. Then and not before it came home to Ministers that time would be lost by discussion, that the good relations of the two Houses would be endangered, and that it would be unseemly to allow the chairman-a railway expert of the highest repute to go to England with the statement that he was a victim to a conspiracy and had been denied justice. In other words, the threat of an inquiry caused lion, gentlemen to haul down their colours. Mr. BEAZLEY, Mr. BAILES, and others averred that they had adopted the Ministerial language in their addresses to their constituents, and they alleged that they could not reconcile that language with the words spoken in the House yesterday. Ministers plead that their own consciences are satisfied, but the political conscience is a very curious thing; and that there will be some surprise-some contempt-in certain of the led away constituencies is no more than is to be expected. This much is certain, that if Ministers had spoken of the commissioners before the election as they spoke of them yesterday, the agitation which was worked up would have been impossible. The first Railway Commissioners are to go, but the railway difficulty remains. The hollowness will now appear of the contention that the commissioners were the authors of the deficiency, and that their presence alone stood in the way of its disappearance. The causes of the unfortunate and menacing deficit at the railways are twofold, (1) the non-paying octopus lines and (2) the prevailing commercial depression. Time will remove this deficiency, no doubt, but time alone. If we ease off construction, and if brighter times occur, the railway loss will taper off, but these two causes and those alone will be operative. Hash interference may only increase the loss. We may ask if the people who dread the deficit-as we do-are content with the working of the " reforms " about which the Government were so certain that they would hear of no other. The new rates have been three clear weeks in operation, and we have the following results-the last three weeks of the old rates and the first three weeks of the new being given : . Old rates (three weeks) ... £108,C9C New rates (three weeks) £30,00!) Loss by Government plan... £1257 The public is paying more ; the Government is receiving less. Moreover, rates imposed at a dull time when people are husbanding their resources have restricted travelling, and they are in actual operation increasing the deficit. This is the net outcome of amateurs " making the railways pay." The question of railway management also remains. And this is where we fear that an irreparable mischief has been done by the blow below the belt struck by the Government largely for wretched party purposes. The hope was that our railways could be managed by experts who would give the Government honest expert advice, even though the Government, as a matter of public policy, should set that advice aside. The presentcommissionersgOjSaidMr. SHIELS yesterday, " in order that the Govern " ment may obtain control of the rail " ways." They go " because the Govern " ment wants men who will be cordially " willing to become responsible for a " Government policy." That is to say, commissioners are needed who will say to aspiring amateur Ministers and the present Cabinet contains choice samples of such men-" Your plans " are admirable ; we adopt them as " ours ; if they succeed no doubt you " will take the praise in Parliament ; if " they fail the blame will be ours." We believe that the ex-commissioners gave the Government honest advice in February last as to how the deficit could be best reduced-their idea being not to throw the burden too much in days of gloom on freights and fares. For that they are persecuted. We believe Mr. SHIELS and Mr. WHEELER showed the incapacity of the half-in- formed in their plans of increasing fares when the paying and purchasing powers of the people are severely diminished. But Ministers have found the " sympathetic agents " to carry their plans out, as a Government which seeks sympathetic agents always will. But it must be absolutely doubted whether this is the way to obtain good and honest service in a department where skilled management is of the first importance. In passing, attention may be called to the hypocrisy ' of one portion of the current pleas. The ox-commissioners, it is alleged, were too compliant to the Parliament and to Ministers in the past years-" their duty was to resist poli " tical pressure "-and yet the charge against them to-day is that, with Ministers advising a wrong course, the commissioners are not pliant enough. Instead of strengthening the commissioners against the "political press. " sure " in question, the effort is made to get back power to the politicians, who failed before. We are once more at sea as to our railway management, and we commence the old struggle with an object-lesson that capable men can scarcely mistake as to the nature of tho tenure of a Victorian commissioner-that a clamour may be raised against him, not to be dis- owned by the clamourers, who know its falsity, until it has done a cruel wrong , No man, though he may journey to the uttermost ends of the earth, can ever throw aside the prejudices that he has inherited, or the ideas that have been impressed upon his mind in the course of his education. It is not to be wondered at, therefore, that the rivalry which exists between the different religious denominations which all claim to represent the true Christian faith, should he repeated in barbaric hinds. Such rivalry is undoubtedly unfortunate, but it is natural. There is something splendid and entic- ing in the picture of the missionary who, after many years of education, leaves his country and his friends, and goes forth to bring the savages of the South Seas or of Africa to a knowledge of religious truths and moral principles, who devotes his energies to civilising an unintelligent native population, and to teaching an unpromising collection of black pupils who have inherited nothing but ignorance. But it is a different matter when these men begin to wrangle with each other, and when they fall out over refined differences in dogma among a people who are hardly capable of understanding the very first principles of the Christian faith. One would think that Africa was broad and wide enough, and filled with sufficient millions of people, to afford room for everyone who in these degenerate days has the desire to become a missionary in a country of pestilential swamps and fever-haunted forests. There are stalwart tribes on the Zambesi who, if they were more civilised, might make a reputation in history ; there are clans and towns and nations in the Lakes district ; there is a large population that lives under the shadow and by the icy waters of the mighty mountain Ruwenzori ; there are hordes of negroes on the west coast ; there are the warlike men and women of Dahomey, who are even now defying the French arms. Or, again, there are the Arabs, who add to the wickedness of their ignorant belief in class by displaying a keen appreciation of the profitable trade of slave hunting. And with all this scope for missionary effort, it would be thought by the ordinary layman that the different churches could find ample room for their missionaryonterprisewithoutintroducing the miserable and harassing squabbles which in civilised lands the best men of all the denominations regret. This, however, is not the case. An instance of ecclesiastical rivalry has just occurred in Uganda, a territory on the western side of the Victoria Nyanza lake that has recently been brought under the protection of the British East African Company, in which we suspect that the real issue is the temporal rather than the spiritual power of the church. It is reported that the French Catholic missionaries in that part of the world have sent a complaint to Paris against the Protestant missionaries. The Gallic press has at once, as a matter of course, become wroth. It is a curious and interesting fact in the natural history of the more bellicose Parisian journals that they attack the Roman Catholic Church during eleven months of the year, and that for one month, which may be described as their period of Lent or of repentance, they express their sympathy with its foreign missions and defend it against some imaginary wrongs inflicted by British officers or Protestant missionaries. We are in clined to the opinion that the members of the Catholic Church are only responsible in a small degree for the stories which are now being circulated in Paris regarding some real or imaginary religious feud in Uganda. It may be that the Catholic and the Protestant missionaries have some disagreement. It may also be the case that Captain LUCIAIVD, the representative of the British in a country under their protection, lends his personal influence to the missionaries who teach the creed and the moral doctrines of the country that he represents and unless he is proved to be guilty of some palpable injustice towards the French Catholics, who are establishing their missions under the protection of the British, no one can complain or grumble. But the story, as it appears in the Paris evening journals, is too ex nggerated to be credible and too in- artistic to be admired. It is to the effect that the Protestant missionaries and Captain LUGARD have been guilty of gross and wanton cruelties, and that the Catholic missionaries and thousands of their neophytes, who, we presume, are the natives that they are in the process of converting into Catholics, have been robbed of all they possess. British officers, of course, have their faults. But as a general rule they do not display much bigotry in religious matters, and they certainly are not in the habit of inflicting wanton cruelties on the men, women, and children of the black races. On the contrary, it is alleged that in the South Seas they are inclined to favour the native as against the European in any dispute that may arise. And, unless some extraordinary types of Englishmen have drifted towards Uganda by some mysterious and inexplicable coinci- dence, it is impossible to believe that the officers and the missionaries would enter into a conspiracy to destroy the Catholic settlements and maltreat the natives who had come under the influence of the Roman Church. But as yet the facts are totally unknown. The English missionaries seem to be quite unconscious that they have done something which deserves to be execrated by the civilised world. It will take them two or three weeks to hear the news, and a similar period to reply. By that time the Parisian press may be attacking the Catholic schools in France, or assailing Italy for observing her treaty obligations. A religious dispute in a distant part if the earth can always be used to foment a political quarrel between two finch nations as England and France, whose frontiers may be said to meet in every quarter of the globe. On the last occasion on which such an incident took place it occurred in New Caledonia. A Protestant missionary who had laboured for many years on the island of Mare was de- ported at half-an-hour's notice by the commander of a French ship of war simply because he happened to be a Protestant missionary living under the French jurisdiction. The Minister at Paris was kind enough to make some sort of apology after months of epistolary diplomacy in regard to the matter, but the missionary was not allowed to return to his former sphere of duty. And this suggests the idea that it would be advisable for French Catholics to convert the natives of the immense districts; which are under the protectorate of France before they interfere in other domains and that the civilisation of the natives who are under the protection of Great Pt stain may safely be left to the officers and to the missionaries of all the different creeds who speak the English language. The temporal powers find it necessary to divide the world. If the spiritual- powers were to do likewise, they would avoid many petty squabbles. The stock tax was duly proposed by Ministers yesterday, and the amounts must be satisfactory to the farming community, and must make the hearts of the large graziers leap with joy. As much as £2 per head was demanded during the election contest, but 30s. per head on bullocks, cows, and heifers, 2s. per head on sheep, 10s. on pigs, and COs. on horses will content most people. These amounts will be collected from this morning and the statement made by the Government a fortnight back that the tax could not be collected without? a delay of weeks is thus shown to be absolutely unfounded. The circumstance is deserving of reference, because, statements as to matters of fact are being made in this House with a recklessness which has no parallel, and it is as well that the leaders should recognise that their political reputations must suffer if there is not a change of tactics. into the merits of the imposts we need not enter to-day, but the hope may be cordially expressed that the views of the promoters of the . experiment will prove to be right, and that the ideas of those who predict evil will be set aside by experience. With one form of the opposition to the Government proposal no sympathy whatever is possible. Mr. DEAKIN, Mr. W. T. CARTER, Mr. M M.ONEY, and other suburban members desire to hold the tax back in order to compel the Government to open the tariff' generally for revision. They will concede the tax on condition that duties an manufactures are put up. They believe that the one impost will render most dear for the working people, and their idea of a quid pro quo is that clothing and other articles of daily use should be made dear also. In so many words they desire a log- rolling arrangement, and any policy of this character needs to be severely reprobated. There should be no such bargaining. The stock tax is a measure which above all others should be treated on its own independent merits, and certainly the farmers «L» Lavo _.iomW4 for it have never imagined that they would be required to make tariff concessions in order to gain their end. Their contention is that protection tenders articles dear. They deny the assumption that protection renders the protected article cheap, and that consequently they obtain goods and tools and clothing far cheaper than they would if no duties were collected. They believe they are paying heavily to support the protected trades, and that the stock tax, which will send up the prices of stock, is the only recompense they can obtain. It has never entered their minds that a number of articles should be rendered still dearer in order to justify the stock tax boon. And assuredly, of meat is to be sent up, and clothing also, the farmer, who is a wheat-grower, and who can never be a grazier to any extent, may reasonably ask, "Where " do I come in ?' The stock tax is to be decided upon its own merits, and on those alone, and bargaining with the Trades-hall members for votes is a course fraught with danger, and is a course also totally unnecessary, the country party being strong enough in Parliament to carry its own proposals in its own manner. It is to be hoped that, now that the question of the doings or mis- doings of the Railway Commissioners has been disposed of the rights of the travelling public in one important particular will receive some notice Until last year the state was liable to pay to any person injured on the railways by official negligence, or to his representative in case of death, such compensation as a jury might award the same rule prevails, v. to be hove, in all the sister colonies, and is in accordance with established legal principles in the old country. The oil ners of a railway (whether the Government or private persons make a contract with each passenger under which, in consideration of a stated fare, they agree to convey him safely to his destination If they break the contract by carelessly allowing an accident to happen through which the passenger is hurt or killed, the natural consequence is a liability to pay damages by way of compensation But the Legislature, last session, without debate, and in the face of every consideration of precedent and of fairness, fixed an arbitrary sum of £2,000 as the minimum amount which the state should be called upon to hand over to any victim of railway negligence, or to his family If a widow and children should lose an income of £2,000 a year through the death of a passenger, they would still be unable to see more than the sum rigidly settled Or if a man earning a large income were to be incapacitated without being killed outright, he would have to be content with the £2,000 It is obviously useless to attempt any defence of the restriction on legal grounds, and the new enactment c in only be regarded is an exercise of arbitrary power devoid of a single element of justice Had public attention been called to the sec tion of the Railway Act Amendment Bill during its passage through Parliament, it can hardly be doubted that its omission would have been seemed life remedy now is repeal and that ought to be effected at once What IIIUKLS the now provision the more unw irritable is the apparent fact, mentioned by one of our correspondents not long since, that under the provisions of Lord CAMPBELL Act, was adopted here, any insurance money which the family of a passenger killed on the railways might be entitled to has to be deducted from the sum awarded by the jury Thus, if the deceased's life were insured for £2,000 the state would not have to pay one penny-piece to the representatives. It is another proof of the last with which the limitation in question ' was- slipped through Parliament that no provision was made for counteracting this disastrous rule. The R.M.S.S. Victoria, A. W. Adamson commander, arrived last night from London with passengers and cargo. The Victoria is one of the Jubilee steamships of the P. and O. Co., and has a reputation for fast steaming. On this trip she has well upheld her good name. The normal steam- ing rate of the Victoria wife adhered to throughout the voyage, and there was no extra pressure at any period. Mr. Edmund Mackenzie Young, of the Australian Mortgage Land and Finance Company, was a passenger for Melbourne by the Victoria. The Singapore-Banjoewangie cable was restored yesterday morning, and the cable messages from London are now arriving without interruption. When the Legislative Council met yesterday afternoon an adjournment for an hour was an once agreed to on the motion of Mr. Zeal, who stated that he should be able by that time to make a statement respecting the Railway Commissioners question simultaneously with one to be made in the other House. The Legislative Assembly, however, was beforehand, and when members re- assembled in the Council chamber most of them had already heard the terms of the compromise announced. Mr. Zeal briefly made his statement, admitting that the Government might be reproached for a change of front, but claiming that the concession redounded to their credit in view of the uncomfortable position in which the commissioners had placed themselves. The terms arranged were that the three commissioners should be entitled to half salary for the unexpired portion of their respective terms, and Mr. Zeal mentioned that the amount for travelling expenses which Parliament would be invited to vote Mr. Speight would be a sum not exceeding £750. Sir Frederick Sargood declined to discuss the arrangement, which he characterised as somewhat extraordinary, but both he and Mr. Service inquired particularly as to whether the petition for removal of the commissioners and the statement of reasons for the suspension were withdrawn, upon which point Mr. Zeal satisfied them. A few words were said by Mr. Abbott to the effect that his vote and that of other members in last week's division was not in favour of the commissioners, but only in favour of their being heard, and no one else offering to speak the Council adjourned till Tuesday next. Extraordinary interest was taken in the proceedings of the Legislative Assembly yesterday afternoon, and hundreds of applicants for admission to the galleries were disappointed. It was anticipated that the Railway Commissioners would attend at the bar to reply to the charges made against them by the Ministry, but that expectation was not realised. The negotiations for a settlement of their case were completed shortly before the meeting of the House, and they sent in their resigna- tions on the understanding that the charges were withdrawn, and that they were to receive compensation equivalent to half salary for the unexpired portions of their respective terms. Mr. Shiels announced the compromise to the House, and the arrangement was cordially approved of by Mr. Gillies and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. Several members in the ' Ministerial Corner, however, strongly ' protested against the backing down of the Ministry, but eventually the ' formal motion for the withdrawal of the charges was agreed to by 15 votes to 8\. Sir Graham Berry immediately proceeded to bring forward the proposal for an * increase of the stock duties, and at the same time moved the formal resolution to protect ! the revenue, the effect of which is that the duties take effect as from to-day. After a discussion of three hours, the motion was E carried on a division by 70 votes to 17. The Premier then asked the House to consent to Treasurer to consider the financial proposals which are to make "incomings equal out. goings ;" and, though some objection was raised from the Ministerial Corner, the permission sought was readily given, and the House at 25 minutes to 12 o'clock adjourned till July 12. The higher import duties on stock which are proposed in the motion tabled by the , Treasurer in the Legislative Assembly last ¡ night, and which will be collected from t to-day, are as follow: Bullocks, steers, : cows, and heifers, 30s. per head ; sheep and lambs, 2s. per head ; pigs, 10s. per head ; , horses, 50s. per head ; beef and mutton, 7s. , per 100 lb.; pork, 10s. per 100lbs. Sir Graham, Berry, in submitting the proposal to the House, admitted that the present was a most unfor- , tunate time for an increase of food taxes, but declared his conviction that the higher stock duties would not add a farthing a pound to the price of meat. Mr. Deakin opposed the tax as likely to benefit chiefly the large graziers, and to do great injury to the federal cause, and the members from Bendigo opposed it because it would mean a serious increase in the price of meat. Mr. 'JP. Smith, Mr. Trenwith, and other city representatives expressed their disappointment that the Government had not opened up the question of a general revision of the tariff, and indicated a hope that Ministers might yet be prevailed upon to give way in that direction. The " country party " were disappointed because the tax on cattle was fixed at 30s. instead of £2, as they had advocated, but it is understood that they will acquiesce in the Government proposal, in view of the outcry that has already been made as to the increased price of meat. Mr. Zox presented a petition to the Legislative Assembly last night praying for leave to introduce a bill to provide for the transfer to the Royal Insurance Company of the business of the Queen Insurance Company. The proposed terms are that the Royal Company shall assume all the liabilities of the Queen Company, but only its capital, stock, and funds are to be answer- able. The shareholders of the Royal Company not being liable further than to the amount unpaid upon their shares, the Royal Company is to create additional capital and to allot to the shareholders in the Queen Company 25,719 shares in the Royal Company of £20 each paid up to the amount £3 each, distributed in the proportion of one share in the Royal Company for every seven in the Queen Company. Ten directors of the Queen Company are to be appointed directors in the Royal Company in addition to the present directors of that company. The manager of the Queen Company is to be retained until the transfer is completed at a salary of £4,000 per annum, and then taken into the service of the united company at the same rate, and the remainder of the stuff is also to be taken over. Holders of life policies in the Queen Company who accept the liability of the Royal Company will be placed in the same position as holders of policies in that company. The agreement is to be carried out on obtaining the approval of shareholders of both companies. It is the intention of the Minister of Public Works to at once proceed with the establishment of a Government labour bureau in connection with that department without waiting for the necessary Legislative authority for the creation of a department of industry. Efforts are now being made to secure a suitable building in the city, away from the Government offices, for the central office of the bureau, and probably the old City Police Court, in Swanston-street, will be obtained for the purpose. The unemployed will be required to register their names at the central office, also their ages, addresses, and trades, and to state whether they are married or single, and whether they have any references as to their capabilities as tradesmen. The lists of names that have been taken at the Trades-hall and at the Salvation Army office are believed to be somewhat obsolete, containing the names of many who have since obtained work, and it is thought that by the new arrangement a correct idea will be obtained of the number of men and women who are really out of work and looking for employment Agencies will be established in various parts of the colony, and in this respect it is proposed to follow the system in vogue in New Zealand, where constables in charge of country stations act as agents of the bureau these agents will be furnished with printed forms which a person desiring to employ a man or a woman will fill up, stating the nature of the employ ment, the wages to be given, the probable term of engagement, and directions as to how the applicant for employment can best reach the place where the work is offering The employee will be required to sign an agreement authorising the employer to refund to the Government out of the first months wages the cost of the railway pass furnished to the employ 6 Each person registered at the bureau for work will be given a ticket, as is done in Sydney, for the purpose of identification -lie time within which Sir T Hunt, who represented the constituency of Kilmore and Anglesey in the last Parliament, but who was defeated in the recent general election by Mr M'kenna, can lodge a petition against the return of that gentleman will expire on Friday next. It is understood that Mr. Hunt has decided to abandon the idea of petitioning against the return of Mr McKenzie 'the Deputy Railway Commissioners state that they have not adopted a blind policy of increasing the revenue by increasing fares and freights, and that in cases where they consider it advantageous they will reduce them instead of increasing them Lately they have found that the lighterage companies have been competing and competing with marvellous success, with the railways for the shipping trade Vessels winch for merly came alongside the bay piers to discharge and load cargo, which was thus carried on the railways, have been discharging and loading by means of lighters 'to meet the difficulty the commissioners drafted the following bylaw, which was passed by the Governor in Council on Monday - "1 Agents of vessels discharging general cargoes of merchandise at the Williamstown or the Port Melbourne piers to be allowed a rebate on the total freight from the pier to Melbourne of 10 per cent for sailing vessels and 5 per cent for steamers, the mail steamers, which have existing agreements with the commissioners, excepted 2 Con signs of general cargo to be allowed a discount of D per cent. on their freight accounts to be increased to 10 per cent, if their bills of lading are made out deliverable at the railway pier, Williamstown, or Port Melbourne 3 'The pier tolls on cargo discharged into or taken from lighters or other craft to or from Melbourne, via the Yarra, to be 5s per ton on general cargo, and Is per bale on wool and leather 1 Vessels having discharged their cargo into lighters or other craft in the Uti j, and seeking a berth at the railway pier to load to pay 6d per ton register or pier toll for the accommodation It will be seen that while the commissioners offer rebates according to clauses 1 and 2 to encourage traffic on the railways they with the same object double the pier tons, according to clause 3, on cargo discharged into or taken from lighters and by clause they impose a charge where formerly no charge was made The members of the Vegetable Products Commission expressed some indignation at their meeting yesterday at the Benn official statements that have been published in timating that as the commission would not send in its final report, and thus bring its career to a termination, the Government intended to abstain from making any provision for its expenses on the Estimates for the next financial year, and in that way to practically bring the existence of the commission to a close It was decided that the commission should wait on the Premier at an early date and point out the good work that it had done in the past and was still doing, and to protest against its abolition if it were intended by the Government. The Minister of Agriculture, who was present at the meeting, expressed the opinion that the commission should bring its labours to a speedy confusion Some reflection was ggstj9ji,tJifi,r_(_y_>_.iM]J" on disaster, and the following extract from a statement made by Mr Arthur Charles lily, of the yacht Wanderer, was forwarded by the secretary of Trade and Customs to the deputy postmaster general for inquiry - ' From the scratched appearance of her bows md the remaining shreds of her painter there is evidence of a protracted struggle Had information that the Process had actually started on her voyage been received some eight or ten hours earlier most valuable assistance could have been rendered, and in my opinion that delay made all the difference between life and death to a number of noted swimmers on such a bitterly cold night. The much desired information could easily have been obtained had it been possible to arouse the telegraph operator at Mordialloc It was stated by a medical man that young Lawrence perished from cold and exhaustion, and was not drowned " Mr. James Smibert, the deputy postmaster general, replies in the following terms -"As the Process left Mordialloc shortly after 6 p m , I consider that had it been deemed necessary the persons interested had ample opportunity of advising their friends of the fact of the boat having left, as the telegraph office at Mordialloc did not close until 5 p m The cost of keeping offices on the bay stations open after 6 pm. would be very great " the Executive Council have decided to abolish the courts of petty sessions at the following places from the 1st of next month -Bealiba, Buckland, Glenlyon, Guildford, keilor, Lillimur North, Queenstown, and Irattilgnr 'The business at some of the places mentioned has almost absolutely died away, and at the others it has fallen off so materially that it is considered unnecessary to keep the courts open any longer I C K. Clarke, stockbroker, Collins street, and ON Taylor, late manager of the Land Credit Bank of Australasia, were yesterday committed for trial on the charge of conspiring to defraud that bank of about £37,000 between the2fath January, 1882, and the 11th December, 1891 The case for the prosecution is that Taylor, in his capacity as manager, per mitted Clarke to overdraw his account until his indebtedness to the bank amounted to the sum mentioned in the charge, and that, with fraud as the object, steps were taken to deceive the bank directors as to the state of the account The accused reserved their defence 'J Taylor is at the present time undergoing a sentence of two years' imprisonment for a fraud committed on the bank An attempt was made yesterday to obtain are duction in the amount of Clarkes bail, which, on the accused's first appearance before the magistrates, had been fixed at his own surety in £1,000 and another in the same amount Mr Purves, who, with Mr Coldham, appeared for the defence, urged that Clark was one of the oldest of Melbourne citizens, and ''one who had hitherto borne a blameless life before the public, and that there was not the slightest necessity for so large a bail Mr Walsh contended that under the circumstances the bail was very moderate and the Bench saw no reason for any reduction The case will be tried at the Supreme Court Criminal Sittings commencing on the 15th Inst The usual demonstration of the unemployed j yesterday had an unexpected termina- tion The police have hitherto taken little or no notice of the men except to prevent them already the Parliament houses on income of from turning admission to the Melbourne Gaol (which they sought in a body last Friday) in any way but that set forth in the penal code yesterday, however, when the men marched down Russell street and, formed into fours, occupied the whole of the footpath the plainclothes police stopped them and ordered them to disperse, as they had not received permission to walk in procession through the street, The orders of the constables were not readily obeyed, and, amidst much clamouring one of the crowd was seen to pick up a large piece of blue metal the natural presumption was that he intended to throw this at the police If such was his idea he had not time to carry it out, for Constable Fallon seized him and lodged him in the City Watchhouse on a charge of insulting behaviour 'This display of determination on the part of the police broke up the demonstration immediately The man who was arrested was subsequently, bailed out by Mr Maloney, M L A He gave the name of Edward Hart 38 years of age, and described himself as a labourer The first beekeepers tomptitionupon anything like a large scale was held yesterday in the Royal Society's Hall, when apiaries were present from all parts of Victoria, and n Beekeepers Association was founded The most important discussion was on the subject of foul brood a disease, that has decimated apiaries 111 all parts of the world, and largely increased the cost of honey production Mr R L J J Ellery stated that he had proved it by experimental cultivation in sterilised jell v, to be a germ disease of a highly contagious character, which, like typhoid, had to be fought largely by extreme cleanliness and care Mr Willyun an Echuca bee keeper, described a method which he had found a simple and positive cure, so that with contagion all around him he was able to keep his apiary perfectly clean A discussion on bee fodder pointed generally to the conclusion that some varieties of Australian box were the best hope) races, but the confusion through the variety of local names given to the same variety of vocal) plus 1 re vented anything like a definite conclusion on the point, and the necessity for botanical identification was made apparent. The match arranged by the Victorian Foot ball Association in aid of the Mornington Disaster land will be played on the Melbourne Cricket ground this afternoon, com- meringues o clock Every effort has been made to sell tickets, and it is hoped that the financial result may be a substantial one The contest is between teams chosen from the clubs north and south of the Yarra respectively, the northern team playing in the colours of Fitzroy, the southern 111 those of South Melbourne from the players available in each case a strong team has been chosen, and Mr J J Traitt will act as central umpire. The following are the teams with the clubs from which they are chosen - Northern leam-Carlton-Currie Simpson, Spedding Eitzro)- Banks, Grace, Le) dm, Reynolds 1 Essendon Officer, Forbes, Chadwick Campbell Melbourne - Tr), H Graham, Lewis North Melbourne-Gibson, Carroll, Williamson Collingwood- Costello, Anderson, Langford Emergencies-Lamley, O'Dea Beul Southern 'J earn South Mel- bourne Windley, H Duggan Doran Irving Port Melbourne-I miser, I reame, O Meara Williamstown Griffin, Inbbs Ward looks eral Coward, kirkpatrick, Kendall Rich mond-Powell, M Ka), O Halloran, Back house St Kilda orman, G Williamson, and Shaw Geelong-Names have not yet been forwarded I emergencies- A Worrell, E Nicholls Bennett Mrs John Watson who had the misfortune to be injured in the recent collision between two tramcars at the intersection of Collins and Swanston streets, has since suffered severely from the effects of the accident As her medical attendant considers perfect rest and quiet essential to her recover), it is desired to deter friends from calling at present this evening the galleries of the Victorian Artists Society will again be opened, for the pictures to be seen by the electric light The attendance at the galleries steadily in creases To night a pianoforte recital will be given by Miss Minna Williamson The first of the Grand Festival Concerts is to be given at the Princess's Theatre this evening Special efforts have been made to combine classical and popular music, and the programme includes several of the most popular orchestral works by the best composers The orchestra will consist of 50 instrumentalists and will be under the direction of Signor Mafferzoni Vocal selections will be contributed by Miss Colborne Baber, Signorina Cavalleri, Signor Siseo, Melossi, Iravaghm, and Mr Allan Morris, while Herr Benno Scherek will contribute a piano solo The concerts will be given from the stage, as at the promenade concerts so popular at the Covent Garden T Theatre, London '10 morrow (Thursday) evening the "Barber of Seville, which was so successfully played by the sentence, wn/lnr_,iTav 101 ino mat vane mis season. At the organ recital by Mr Ernest Wood this afternoon in St Pauls Cathedral, at the close of evensong (about half-past 5 the programme will be as follows -Sonata No 5 (Gustav Merkel), ' La Cloche du Soir ' (Chauvct), Offertoire on Christmas themes (Guilmant) and Grand Solemn March (Smart) Visitors will have an opportunity afforded at the conclusion of contributing to the organ and choir fund At Fitzgerald Bros circus this afternoon the usual weekly matinee will be given To morrow a special matinee will be given by the Brothers Fitzgerald and their entire com- pany the whole proceeds of which will be given without any deduction to the Morning ton Relief Fund From 'A Widow we have received £1 "for the Sisters of Chant) Nicholson street for the poor whom they are distributing bread amongst the sev tenth annual ball of the Caledonian Society is to be held on Friday evening June "4 in the Melbourne Tow 11 hall His Excellency the Governor will be present. The place of tuition of Ellen Stevens, whose name appeared in the list of successful matriculation can dictates published in the Argus of Monday, was L Avenir ladies College St Kilda Mr Robert Scott of Brighton is advertised to deliver a lecture this evening at the Elsternwick Fresh) terian Church hall on The Human Rod) illustrated with diagrams A very fine group photograph of Admiral Lord Charles Scott Captain Barlow I Lieutenant Garforth and Mr Pullen secretary to the admiral) has just been completed by Messrs Johnstone O'Shannessy and Co. The process use 1 in finishing. Is the platinotype and a remarkably lifelike and pleasing icLuro is the result A meeting of the Malvern an I Armadale branch of the single Tax League of Victoria will be held to night in the Malvern Shire hall at which an address will be given by Mr. Max Hirsch The number of visitors to the Public Lil ran Museums and National Gallery) during the month of May was 68 58 of whom JS U visite 1 the library w heat the attendance at the 0 I u ture Caller) on Monday Wednesday an Saturday cr endings for the same month was 9 12d an average of 102 visitors per night A pleasing ceremony took place at BY anton on Saturday at the residence of Mrs T T A Beckett the president of the I allies association for Visiting. Industrial an I Reformatory Schools The Girls Reformatory Col fire which has been regularly visited by this association for the last 12 years is now about to be broken up and the ladies felt the) v o lid like to give the matron Mrs Bloxham some token of their esteem The) accordingly) met by Mrs A Beckett's invitation and presented Mrs Tilnxhin with an illuminated address expressing their regret at her retirement and their ap] recial on of the conscientious and able manner in which she had discharged her duties as matron of the Girls Reformatory Those ladies who were not able to attend are Informed that the address will be at the Diocesan Registry for sign nature the end of the week A concert in der the auspices of the 1 Victorian Public Service Association will be held on Friday evening at the Athenaeum hall Particulars of the concert will be found in our Amusements column from Messrs E. A Petherick and Co of Bourke street we have received terriers Harmoniser Instructions in the Art of \ aiming or extempore ing on the Piano or Organ This little volume will be found most useful to persons who are fond of music and who have only time to acquire a rough and ready method of learning to accompany singing or dancing The Ormond College I Rural) and Debating Society will meet to night in the College common room at 8 p.m. Subject That a belief in ghosts is justifiable Opener Mr b W li Fowler, respondent Mr D Gordon An influential meeting of gentlemen interested in the coal industry of Victoria was held at the offices of Messrs Thompson Moore and Son 3 St. James s Rink Kings William street yesterday afternoon. It was unanimously decided to form an association to be called the Victorian Industrial Coal Association and all present enrolled themselves as metal on Dr George Moore MD was elected the first president and Mr A Capper Moore secretary It was then decided to adjourn the meeting until Monday 11th Inst at 3 o'clock p.m. All interested in the Victorian coal industry and desirous of enrolling as members are requested to send in their names to the secretary and are also requested to attend the adjourned meet- wife 