CHGSTDOM. Tho Society of Psychioul Itosearch con* 1 tinmiH its investigations in the domain of i ghost?, »nd tho Intent number of tho “ Pro- j Goodings’* contains a number of onsos of a ' moro or loss nnonnny character whioh hnvo roeontly como under its notice, A few specimens of these may bo interesting. 1 .iohn m.ANKv's “uimsT." Tn a paper by Mr J.<\ \V. Myers on IndicA lions of Continued Torreno Knowledgo on tho Part of Phantasms of tho Dead, tho particu lars of a ease for which the writor is indebted to Lady Goro Booth, arc given. Her son, thou d schoolboy of 10, was tho percipient, and her youngest daughter, then aged 16, also gives a first-baud a:couut of tho inci I dent, as follows Lissadell, Sliifo, February, 15101. On tho 10th of April, 1S89, at about half past 9 o’clock a.m., my youngest brother unA X wero going down a short flight of Blairs leading to tho kitchen to fetch food for my ohickoDS aa usual. "Wo wore about half-way down, iny brother a fow stops iu ad vance of me, when he suddenly said 4‘\\\rhy, there’s John Blimey. t didn’t know ho was in tho houso !’* John Blaney was a boy who lived not far from us, and he had been omployod in tho houso ns hall* boy not long boforo. I said that I was suro it was not he (for I knew ho had loft somo months proviously on account of ill health), and looked down into tho passage, but saw ns one. Tho passago was a loug ono with a rather short- turn in It, so wo ran quickly down tho last, few stops, and lookod round tho corner, but nobody was (hero, and tho only door. ho could havo gono through was shut. As wo wont upstairs my brother said, 14 1IOW PALS AND ILL JOHN' LOOKED, and why did ho stare so 5” I asked what ho WAHdoing. My brothoranswered that ho had his sleovos turned up, and was wearing a largo green apron, such us tho footmen always wear at their work. An hour or two after wards I asked my maul how long John Blaney bad been back iu the house. Sho sooraed much surpripod, and said, “ Didn’t you hear, Miss, that ho died this morning On inquiry wo found ho had died about two hours boforo iny brother saw him. My mother did not wish that my brother should bo told this, but he hoard of it somehow, and at once declared that ho must havo seen his ghost. Maiuu. Olive Gouts Booth. This apparitiou, savs Mr Myors—“unless wo oxplaiu it as a telepathic- impression pro* jooted at tho moment of death and romniniug latent for somo hours before It attained ex ternaliantion*—may possibly bo taken as show* ing something of continued momory in tho doparted boy." A “SCKN'E" ox the lawx. Another oven more extraordinary case, Bent to Mr Myers with tho truo names, but with a requoet to conceal thorn and somo local details on account of the painful nature of tho incident described, is the following ;— Our informant, whom I will call Mrs M,, writes undor date loth Decembor, 1891 :—j “. . . Ono night on rotiring to my bod room about olevou o’clock, 1 thought I A rKCULAK HOAXING SOUND, , and some one Bobbing an if in great dis- I tress of mind. I listened very attentively, I and still it continued ; bo I raised tho gas in my bedroom, and then wont to the j landing window of which I have spoken, ; drow the blind aside—and thero on tho grass was a vory beautiful young girls in a kneel ing poflturo before a soldier, in a general's j uniform, Robbing, and clasping her hands to gether, entreating for pardon ; but alas ! ho j only waved her awny from him. So much did I I feel for the girl that without a moment's1 hesitation I ran down the staireaso to tko : door opeuing upon the lawn, and bogged her j to como in and toll mo her sorrow* Tho I figures thou disappeared ! Not in tho loast nervous did I feel then; wont again to my bedroom, took a sheet of writing-paper and wroto down what I had Been.” [Mrs M. has found and sent us this papor. Tho following words are written in pencil on a half-shoot of noto papor: 44 I3th March, 188G. llftYejust Been visions on lawn j—a soldier in general’s uni i form—a young lady kneeling to him. 11.40 p.m.”] ... “It appears tho fltory is only too truo. Tho youngest daughter of this very old, proud family bad had an illegitimate child, and her parents and relatives would nut recognise her again, and sho diod broken hearted. Tho soldior was a near relative (also a commotion of my husband’s), and it was in vain sho tried to gain his—tho 'soldier's —forgiveness.” (In a subsequent letter Sir X. Y.’s career is described. He was a dis tinguished officer.) 44 So vivid was my ro mcmbruuco of tho features of tho floldior that some months aftor tho ocourrenco, when I happened to bo calling with my husband at a house whero thero was a portrait of him, I stopped before it and said, “ Why, look ! Thero is tho Goueral !’ And auro euough it AN AVrAUtTION AT WBSTMtXSTISlt TOWN II ALL Hero is an instance whero tho docodent, who has boon interested in an event which was closely approaching when ho died, Boomod to choose the occasion of that event to xnaoifost his continued interest in the friend whom tho little crisis—a theatrical performance—concerned. Tho account of tho apparition two days after tko death of tho person was written down by Mr Myore from tho verbal account of the preoipient, and and corrected aud signed by her: — •ith August, 1S90. On tho evouing of Ike Saturday, '2Gtk,1890, I was engaged with my sister aud other/riends in giving an amateur performance of The Antigono*, at tho Westminster Town Hull. A passago led down to several dressingrooms used by tho ladies who were taking part in the representation, and nowhoro olfo. None of tho public had auy business down this pas sage, although a friend cumo to tho door of the dressingroom once to spook to somo of 1 was passing1 from ono urcsmugroom to another, a few stops further along tho pas siigo, just before going on to tbo stago, whon 1 saw in tho ptiMiigo, loaning against tho door-post of tho drensiuiiroora which I had loft, a Mr If., whom I had met only twice, but whom I know well by sight, and a« an acquaintance, though I had heard nothing of him for two years. I hold out my hand to him, saying, “Oh, Mr II., I am so glad to seo you.” In tho excitement of tho moment it did not occur to mo as odd that lie should have como thus to the door of the dressing-room—although this would have beon an unlikely thing for a mere acquaintance to do. Thoro 'was a brilliant light, aud I did not feel tho slightest doubt as to his identity. Ho was a tall, singular look ing man, and used to wear a frock coat buttoned unusually high round tho throat. I just observed lids ooat, but noticed nothing o1«o about him specially oxcept his face. I!o was LOOKING AT 1TB WITH A 8\D RXPBRSSIOX. Whon I hold out my hand ho did not tako it, but shook his bond slowly, without a word, aud walked away down tho pnseugo—back to tho ontrivneo. I did not stop to look at him, or to think over thin straugo conduct, being in a great hurry to finish dressing in time. Next day, as a number of us wero talking ovor tho performance, my sister called out to me, “You will bo sorry to hear that Mr H. is dead.” “Suroly not,” I oxolainied, “for I saw him last night at Tho Antigono.” It turned out that ho had been dead two days when I saw tho figuro. It may bo added that Mr W. S. Lilly states that ho was presont at a party whon Lady M. suddenly informed hor sister, Mias J., of 1ho death of Mr II., and ho boars witness to Miss ,T. ’a oxtromo astonishment, aud hor exclama tion, “Why, I saw him last night at ‘Tho Antigouo'l” a cask of “snniT auAimiAX8iin,.M As regards “spirit guardianship,” Mr Myers thinks it need not grsatly surpriso anyone “ if that impalpable telopathio con? noution which sometimes seems to bo long maintained between two living person* wero to persist after tho removal of ono of thorn by bodily death.” Tho writer of tbo following, who is personally known to Mr Myers, is tho wifa of Colonol Wiokham, of 7 Comeragh road west '■— “ On tho evening of 13th Maroh, 1878, I was dressing mypolf to go to a dinner party at Admiralty Houro, Vittoriosa, Malta. I had aoceptod Admiral and Mrs--*a Invitation muon againBtmywill, as a dear friend waslying soriooaly ill at Brighton. Ilowovtr, tho latest aciounts lmd been so chooring ami hopeful that I had ntlowod myself to bo per suaded by my husband into going. an' k rHKi.istj was citm’tsu over mk iti an unaccountable manner, but l tried to throw il oil, and succeeded in doing ho to n certain oxtont; Hill, HOinothing mudo mo turn iny head round aud stare into u»y husband's drossing-room, which opened into mine. I distinctly saw a hand waving backwards and forwards twice. I rushed into the room—it was empty. Soon utlorwarda my husband tamo upstairs, and I told him what I had seen, hut ho put it down to As wo crossed tho walor tho cool night air seemed to revive me, and i I begau to' laugh at myself for lotting my imagination play such tricks, i Wo got homo, Honiohow, and I dragged my* self upstairs to my room, and commenced un dresssing. Whilst, taking down my hair I distinctly felt A HAND I’ASSMl OVKU MV UKAX) AXI* NECK I t a9 if someone was assisting mo. 1 told my , 1 husbaud—to lm laughed at. I knelt to say : my prayers. Instead of prayiug (as T had i , been used to do), for God to make my frio.ml ] | well, I, without any will of my own, prayed j : that ho might be taken out of liis misery. I | i wont to hod. SometUiug oaiuo and lay ho- I sidomo. Iolung to my husband, who tried I to calm me, assuring mo thero was uothiug thoro to hurt or frighten mo. A COLP MOUTH SKUMKl) TO UKKKJtK OX MV CHKKK and I distinctly heard. 41 Good-bye, Sis, good-bye,” in my friend's woll known voieo. Still my husband declared ho could hear nothing. I paid, “ 1 am miro Mr Abbott ia dead.’’ My husband said I was hysterical and over-wrought, drew mo towards him, and hold my hand till I foil asleop—for I suppose it was a dream and not a vision I had. Bo this as it may, I saw my friend como into my room; a livid mark was across liia face. Ho was DUKHSRD IN A N10HT* PHIUT, and his feofc wore baro. Ho enmo and sat hosidome—told mo ho was doad—that ho had ; left mo some mony, and boforo ho died had wished to raAko tome alteration in his bcKpieat, hut tho end had oome ho soon ho had not t-imo to do so. Ho repeated his " Good bye,” kissed mo. and disappeared. I told my husband of my dream aud marked tho dato. Tivo days afterwards u letter with a deep black bordor oamo to mo from my friencl’s brothor, tolling mo his brotherhad passed away at 10 o’clock, llltli March. Allowing far tho difference of time, Mr Abbott must have como to me cither just boforo or just after death. Tho legacy left mo was as ho had stated, also tho fict that ho had iutondod to muko a change as re garded it, but though tho lawyer was sent for ho enmo too lato. August, 1S90. Those aro only a fow of tho oases givon hr iur juyors.— •** Pall MnllGazotte. 