Baptist Church, Hinton. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES AND MEETING. The anniversary services in connection with the Baptist Church, Hinton, were conducted on Sunday last (morning and evening) by Mr. O. S. Steel, of Wallsend, who had been a Primitive Methodist minister for many years. In the after- noon there was a service specially arranged for the children attending the Sunday school. Each of the services was well attended. Special hymns were chosen, and the singing was very hearty. On Tuesday evening the annual tea meeting was held in the School of Arts. The hall was decorated with flowers and evergreens. Around each window was a border of flowers, and flowers and greenery were suspended from the roof of the building. The place had consequently a very pleasing aspect. Tea was provided by the ladies, who presided at the tables. A large company, made up mostly of young folk, assembled. The tables were so con- veniently arranged that all the visitors were accommodated at once. After tea a public meeting was held, at which members of various denomi- nations were present. Mr. W. H. Holmes, of Oakendale, near Clarence Town, occupied the chair, and near him sat the Revs. E. King, J. Wiles, A. J. Carter, D. W. Davies, C. Stark, and Mr. B. Youll. There was a strong choir, and Miss Annie Ling presided at the organ. Several selections of music were rendered during the evening. The " CHAIRMAN said he had much pleasure in taking the chair, though he would have been better pleased if some other person had been called upon to occupy it, not because he did not feel an interest in the Church, bat he thought someone more capable could be found. Mr. Stark had asked him so many times to fill the position that he felt he could not refuse. He would do the best he could to fill the position worthily. The choir sang " Glad Tidings," and the Rev. E. King engaged in prayer. The CHAIRMAN said he had no desire to detain them at any length. Obner speakers were to follow. He would, however, like to say a few words in re- gard to the Church. They were all doubtless aware that great depression had existed in the colony, and that state of things still prevailed in large measure. Notwithstanding that depression They had been able to maintain their minister out of gaol-to keep himself and his good partner above water-in circumstances that were at least pleasing to him, for he did not grumble, and appeared to be very contented. He could say that the minister had a hold on all the young men of the district in which he laboured. He knew it was difficult at timeB to get hold of the young people, but Mrt Stark appeared to have attracted them, and he believed the rev. gentleman had got a good hold of them. The attendance at the services held at Hinton were increasing. At Oakendale and Cla- rence Town the services were also well attended. That was a gratifying circumstance. He hoped that the Church would go on increasing in strength and prosperity, and that good results would be the ontcome of that anniversary. He thought the report to be submitted would be found to be a very favourable one, The Choir sang " Praise ye the Lord." Mr. D. TODD, secretary, submitted the following report: Thirty-fifth .annual Report of the Baptist Church, Hinton, November 1st, 1892. Another year in connection with the history of this church having just closed, we have much cause for gratitude to God for blessings received, not only temporal but spiritual. Notwithstanding the severe struggles which we have had to contend with, yet we have not failed to accomplish some- thing in advance of the previous year, and we can rejoice not a little, because God haB been with us and blest us spiritually. One new member has been added to the Church by immersion, through the instrumentality of the pastor, which must be a source of encouragement to him in his untiring labours in the spread of the Gospel of Christ. The Gospel is faithfully preached at HiDton, Oakendale, and Clarence Town, and can- not fail to win souls to the cross Of Christ. One source of pleasure aud_encouragement about our services is that the young people attend them well, not only in Hinton, but also Oakendale and Clarence Town. A branch of the Christian Endeavour Society has been formed at Hinton and Clarence Town, which promises to be a means of great success. Although this society is but just in its infancy, the number of members already enrolled are-Hinton, l8; Clarence Town, about 20. The young people atClarence Town have taken up the work moat heartily, and feel interested in it. As this society is undenominational, we earnestly appeal to all Christians and non ChristianB to join to help on the Master's cause, and be made more UBeful to the several branches of the Church of Christ ; our motto being " For Christ and His Church." A most successful bazaar was held in June last, and our many thanks are given for the hearty manner in which every one worked, not only in making goods and giving, bat also in the sale of the same. Another pleasing feature ia connection with the Chuich is the Sunday School, which bas improved wonderfully since its resuscitation ; the school is conducted every Sunday morning and afternoon. The number scholars at present on the roll are forty. Last Sunday afternoon we held a children's service in connection with the school, and the little ones acquitted themselves admirably m their recitations and singing. As this is the beginning of the services, we look forward to still greater things in future. Some good work has been done during the past year to aid foreign missions. £7 19s 6d has been sent to the Baptist Union of N S. W. in connection with the fund, of which Ü5 7s 7d was collected by the scholars of the Sunday School. The little ones worked well in the collecting, and were awarded some handsome medals for their labours from the Baptist Union of New South Wales. A most pressing request has been received from the Eskdale Church to conduct services in that place. The matter is now ander the consideration of the members of this Church, and it> is expected that shortly steps will be taken to supply the Eskdale Church every Sabbath. Although this Church is very inconvenient to reach in the way of traffic, Btill there are those there who are in need of the GoBpel ; and the Ma&ter;'s command is " Go, teach all nations in My name ; baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and Holy Ghost." May the Great Head of the Church of Christ lead His own people on to higher and greater things in the coming year, that every Christian man and woman may work heartily for the advancement of the Master's Kingdom : so that when our work is finished here we may hear that welcome voice speak to us, and say, " Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy God." Submitted in Christian love on behalf of Hinton Baptist Church, DAVID TODD, Hon. Seo. Mr. A. J. CARTER said that he had been asked to say a few words, and he did not propose to detain them at any length. He would have more pleasure in listening to his brothers. However he was glad to have an opportunity of saying what he felt in regard to that meeting. It was a pleasure for him to be there that night, and he desired to con- gratulate them so far on their success. The tea was good, the decorations were admirable; altogether he congratulated them on the general arrange- ments. But his church was going to beat them hollow at their anniversary. Would they come and see. (Laughter.) Another thing, there were united sections of, Christ's kingdom working shoulder to shoulder and with heart to heart in the cause of Christ. That was manifest at that meet- ing. They were all working for the advancement of our Saviour's kingdom. Whatever denomination they belonged to, or creed they professed, if they loved the Saviour they would be loved by God. He liked to see so many young persons there, especially so many young men. He desired them to cultivate Christian nobility. They had a Christian work to do. He was satisfied that no matter what Acts of Parliament were passed society would never be made better till they gave their hearts to Christ. If the main-spring of a watch was not properly put together, the watch would not serve the purpose for which it was in- tended, and so it was in the case of men and women. So long as the main- spring of a man's heart was wrong, no good could be expected of him. He urged them to cultivate the spirit of Christian brotherhood-to scorn bad habits and to cultivate good habits. The Church invited young men to take a share in the work. Believing in Christian brotherhood he had much pleasure in being at that meeting. He would before concluding ask young men what part they were taking in the affairs of life. Were they endeavouring to make the world better and wiser than they found it. They had the power to do something to advance the Kingdom of Christ-to bring about a state of things that would be pleasing and acceptable to God. He would like to say a word of encouragement to Mr. Stark. He con- gratulated him on his efforts in the past, and trusted that his work in the future would be attended with even greater success. A persistent and persevering effort never lost its reward, and so long as he continued in the course he had followed in the past his efforts would never lose their reward, His people had the power to help him, and if Mr. Stark felt that they strengthened his hands it would be a source of encouragement to him, and would assist him very much in his work. He hoped that by the guidance of God Mr. Stark and his congregation would be the means of accomplishing great things for Jesus Christ. Then followed a hymn. The Rev. Mr. WILES said he was thinking while Bitting on that platform that if JCBUB of Nazareth came down that night how delighted he would be to be present at that gathering. Christ was not like John the Baptist who delighted to live in retirement, to be with his children : He liked Christians should always love the Lord Jesus Christ, for He loved them. He was pleased to be there to make their acquaintance. There were some people who thought that no church was like that of the Baptist Church, and there was no Church like that of the Wesleyan Church, and so on, but they were all trying to reach one great aim. His earliest recollections of Christian influence was in a Baptist Sunday School, and he remembered how he was influenced by the services in the Church of England. He sang for a few years in a choir connected with the Church of England, and he would ever temember a sermon he heard preached by a Church of England minister. He owed some- thing also to the Congregational Church. He owed much to all the Churches, and he waB especially interested in the Wesleyan Methodist Church. He trusted that they would give their hearts and soul to the churches to which they belonged. If they could spare time let them, not he ashamed to visit friends of neighbouring Churches and pat them on the back. Let there be sympathy and union between the varieos congre- gations. When they had a holiday let them meet and shake hands in hearty fashion. They should be of one accord, working together in harmony. That was essential to success in Christian enter- prise. He regretted to see so many divisions in the Christian Church, and was anxious to see the ignorant and learned meet on the same platform. That should be the case. Christ meant that these distinctions should not exist. He did sincerely wish that there were less divisions in the world, and that the spirit- of Christ existed in the Church in such a degree that all divisions could be broken down, and that the Bpirit of Christ could overrule all worldly distinctions. He trusted that Mr. Stark would experience the spirit of harmony and accord. If they as a people did not all exactly see alike let them agree to differ, so to speak, and let the spirit of love prevail in regard to all their doings. They did not want personB in the church who wauted to be coddled up, but per- sons who would work, and work cheerfully, to take up some office in church or Sunday Behool, remem- bering that the work they were doing was for Christ. They could not estimate the spiritual work in the church by numbers or by outside glitter and show. He wished that great spiritual success would attend the church during the coming year, and that success would attend the minister and his wife. He hoped that they would have bodily and spiritual success, and that the congregation would help them all they could. The Misses Ling sang " Only a little sparrow," and the children were very heartily cheered. The Rev. C. STARK said he had a very pleasing duty to perform at that stage. It was to present a testimonial to a young lady as a reward for her many years' services as organist of the church. Many young persons were connected with the church. Indeed three parts of the congregation was composed of young people. They were all good people : he could not tell which was the best. But there was no one connected with the Church that had done so much service as Miss Ling. For the paBt six years that young lady had filled the posi- tion of organist, and he knew that it often entailed upon her self-denial. He was sure that they all appreciated her efforts. His (the speaker's) church and congregation-the beat church and congregation in New South Wales-(hear, hear) he waa glad to hear some of his brethren say "hear, hear"-had decided to present Miss Ling with a testimonial. It was felt that some recognition should be made of the services rendered by Miss Ling ; and no one who had been asked failed to contribute to the testimonial he was about to present to her. It gladdened his heart to be able to present Miss Ling, on behalf of the congregation, with a gold brooch and pin for faithful services rendered to the church during his (Mr. Stark's) ministry at Hinton. Miss Ling knew nothing about it, but he was sure they had hither* taste. The gift must not be regarded as an adequate reward for her faithful services. However, it waa a token of their gratification for services rendered as organist of the church. Mr. Stark concluded : I have much pleasure in handing you this brooch and pin. May you long live to serve Christ and his humble minister. Miss Ling said : Thank you. The choir having sung a hymn, -Mr. G. LINO said he had much pleasure in acknowledging the gift on behalf of his daughter. To the Bev. Mr. Stark and congregation he tendered his most sincere thanks. It was pleasing to him to see the spirit of appreciation that had been shown. It would, doubtless, stimulate MB daughter to do even more for the church. The Bev. D. W. DAVIES addressed the meeting. He said it gave him pleasure to be there that evening. The tone of the meeting was good, and the report was in every sense gratifying. Mr, Stark ought to feel proud of what he saw and beard that night, and he hoped that next year they would be able to present even a more gratifying report. He was glad to see what the Baptist Church was doing for the young. The result was that they had flourishing Sunday schools. He had, in the next place, to congratulate them on their subscriptions towards the mis- sionary fund. He was pleased that they had sent so much money to help the missionary cause. Another thing: he was glad that materials had been found for the establishment of a Christian Endeavour Society. He hoped that the Society would prosper, and that it would be the means of infusing a new spirit in their friends in the district. He trusted that the Christian Endeavour Society would go ahead, those connected with it would be inspired to a new effort, and that others would be found to aid in the work. It would be unpardonable for him to take up their time at any length, as he did not desire to rob the other speakers of an opportunity to say something. A collection was taken up. The Rev. E. KING, of Wallsend, referred to his acquaintance with the Chairman some fifteen years ago, and to the fact that there was little ohange in him, and proceeded to say that many changes had taken place in the district. It was a great pleasure for him to be there to shake hands .with those he had been acquainted with in youth, and to talk of incidents connected with old Behool days. There waB one change that had taken place which waa brought vividly to his mind. He missed the face of a saintly old gentleman who had been long associated with Hinton. He referred to the late Dr. Boag, who had been acoustomed to speak from that platform. He was pleased with the tea. He had never been at a better tea meeting. He was glad to be there to see BO many young men gathered together. He had a strong temptation to make a long speech, but time wonld not allow him to do BO. They had had all the cream, and would doubtless be contented to receive the Benediction. He waa pleased to witness the presentation to Miss Ling, whom he had known for many years. With regard to Christian work there seemed to be such a narrow space of time to accomplish what they werestriving todo. He would like to have tabulated the work that had been done by the church during the period of its existence. He had met in other places persons who had been associated with and got their inspiration from the Baptist Church« They could never tabulate the thirty-five years of work in connection with the Church He thought they made a mistake in re- gard to not bringing about a concentration of the Christian churches, and he hoped the time was not very far distant when they would have a federa- tion of the Christian churches. He believed in unionism as a power, but not in the form of the excesses they saw in many lespects. The union must be a power for good. There could be a degree of unionism in the Christian churches that might have beneficial results. They could take an example from the unionism that prevailed in the lodges and other societies. Let them cultivate a healthy unionism till thsre was a federation in the church -till it exerted a healthy influence in sooiety and ia political life, He hoped to have the oppor unity of coming again to ialkj;to them. He trusted that daring the year upon which they had entered they would be crowned with greater bless- ings. THB Bev. C. STABK said he desired tolsay a few words. That was not an exceptional year in regard to their contributions to foreign missions. The work of foreign mission-the work of sending the gospel to heathen parts-was a work dear to their hearts. He would like to mention in regard to the Sunday Schools that the Oakendale Snnday School had been carried on successfully every Sunday during the six years he had been the pastor of the Churoh. He could say one thing : there was not a grumbler in his circuit. On Wednesday a picnic was to be held in Mr. King's paddock, and he gave everyone a cordial invitation to be present. He was thankful to them for their presence. They did not often have a King in their meeting, but they were pleased to see their friend in the chair. He was thankful to the speakers, to the chairman, and to all who had rendered assistance. He included in his thanks the audience. The choir sang " God be with yon till we meet again" and the proceedings ended by the Rev. Mr. Stark pronouncing the Benediction. 