Foundation Day Reveries. The croak of the frog is tho sign of rainy weather. The note of tho frog is in harmony with the melancholy of u dull ond depressing temperature. Leaden skies make drooping eyes and listless hearts, except when u long drought has stirred iu the hearts of harassed folk n longing nnd hope for raiu. Then the pattering and poiteotous drops revive languid spirits, and Hoods of water dispel fears of dry disasters. It is never plea sant to listen to dyspeptio_ moans from low-spirited and 'ill-aonditioncd com- plttiners. Pessimism sees ghosts in tho shadows of passing clouds. Life 1ihs enough of tribulation without the needless exaggeration of troubles into worries, and turmoil into tempest. Snarling discon tent sours the milk of human kind ness. On the other hand, it is possible to -ander-estimate the weight of woe, to treat lightly the burden of cure, to laugh gaily in the presence of grief, to lessen the acuteness of distress by- denying its existence, to make a bad ease seem good by tho sophistry ot illusion. Wise inen strike tho mean course and stick to it. Tliey neither dread the howling of dingoes in the forest on one side nor tho rushing torrent on the other side of the path. They only keep nlert and wary ; the consciousness of peril com pels precautions for escaping it. A prudent man prepares for the worst, neither shrinking timidly from it, nor exaggerating the danger by a vain ostentation of courage and fortitude. We may easily make bad worse by moaning and groaning about tho badness. Xo success comes to the victim of melan cholia who wrings despairingly the handB which should work cheerfully and steadily. Gazing at spectres with a far-oil dreamy look of pained abstraction digs no gold, plants no corn, eurns no money, brightens no prospect. In hopefulness and effort lie the cheer and relief of a troubled life, providing that no irremediable embarrass ment entangles the energies. Some men are rendered impotent by cntauglcments of finance. In the brilliant days of pro sperity they made promises they. are now unable to fulfil ; they entered into en gagements they nre now unnblc to dis charge. The eggs that then were fresh aro now addled. The wheat that then was healthy is now rusted. The peaches with delicious and delusive bloom aro the loathsome hiding places of grubs. So the phantasmagoria of flattering prospects vanish from tho grasp when the lmml is stretched out to eeizo the fruition of de light. Building castles with painted wood blocks' or cardboard is child's play. Building castles with unrealised profit is man's play. What a lot of grown up children there are who play with tho stern realities of life as if they were toys ! When the bitterness of disap pointment comes. it is hard to surmount, if not to -'survive. It saddens some ; it excruciates others ; Btill others it crushes. The evidencos of cause ond effect aro numerous when the tempest has swept over a beautiful garden But wliy indulge in philosophy, aphor istic or rhetorical, when the diro and immediate effects of a troublesome present are palpable to the experience. Doleful regrets no more put things right than dismal anticipation. Tho stimulating question is, Aro things commercially as bad as thoy seem ? Aro they so bad that revival is a dim and distant object in the mind's perspective ? Is it worth while to sudden the spirits and discourage tho energies by anticipations of the futilities of life ? It iB not. The habit of com- plnining is more easily acquired than dis carded ; when formed it is hard to put off. The pessimistic talk of a couple of hypochondriacs is gloomy indeed. One would rather listen to the talk of a sanguine man ; for even though he admit the depth of the de pression ho is Bure of a bed-rock some where; wo cannot always bo going hopelessly down. With cheorinees of confidence hesays, " ThingB have been bad before, hut they righted themselves; there have been empty shops in Queen street before now ; in days gone by there have been working men in patolied trousers standing at street corners in n wistful community of Micawberism. The country has not changed, never before was it so fertile as now ; its resources arc neither exhausted nor dried up. We may not rally bo rapidly as we have done in tho past ; there nre more people now than there wero when Sir Thomas M'llwraith made things hum in 1881-2; the depression prevails over a wider area ; but every j-ear has its spring as well as winter ; tho sun will shine again by- and-by." Theso are the words of a sunguine, level-headed man. We are afflicted and distressed now, we need a remedy ; no nostrum is remedial unless it Buits the disease To get at the fount and origin of trouble we must trace it to its source. Any simpleton can see and feel its effects ; it is the shrewd or scientific man who searches for causes. But it maybe easier to. trace on evil, or a disease, or a commercial asphyxia, to its source, than to discover an antidote or a remedy. The recognition of a cause does not imply a capacity to cure its subtlety or to counteract its influence. By common oonsent our distressed community are agreed that three causes have produced the present commercial embarrassment. 1. Extravagant expendi ture .by. the Government on public works and office administration for in advance of ootual requirements, and legislation on lineB that discouraged private enterprise. 2\. The frequent and arbitrary inter ferences and the constant menaces of organised labour with tho fair and free use of capital in industrial enterprise. 3, Excessive speculation at inflated prices in land ond mining scrip. One of the current complaints of these dull times is the scarcity of money. Money is not scarce hut soured. It hides away. It does not cireulutc be cause it cannot circulate freely. It is "deposited" instead of being dispersed. Timid folk are fearful of losing what tliey have saved. The Philistinism of demo cracy is abroad. Olib-tongued orators and griiu-souled agitators aro eagerly coveting money to which their dislike of work has denied them any right. The more they shirk hard work the more tlioy covet the monoy which other people's hard work has won. While they are hoping, scheming, orating, and agitating for a communistic elyaium, the poor fel lows whom they profess toleud nre starv ing in a land of plenty. Nuturo is pouring out her food products with prodigal profusion, but work gets scarcer, property decreases in value, stocks are unsalable, every thing realisable has to go to the attetiou mart or the broker. AH this while agitators go to and fro stirring up greed, covetousness, unjust craving for the diihonest appropriation of property, nnd thereby discouraging enterprise and obstructing the use of money. The depreciation in values of property has been startling. Last week a city pro perty, studded with tenements, sold at auction at half the amount of its deliberate valuation by a cautious valuator. For another property the prico recently hiil at auction wns not half the municipal viihiation for rating purposes. Things are bad ; but not hopelessly bad. There is recuperative power left if fair play ib given to legitimate enterprise. 