The Gift of the Sea Tho doad child lay in the shroud. And tho widow watched besido, And hor mother slept, and tho channel swopt Tho galo iu tho tooth of tho lido. But tho mother laughod at all, “I have lost my man in tho sea, And tho child is dead. Bo still,” she said, “'What moro can yo do to mo?” Tho widow watched tho dead, And tho caudlo guttorod low, And she triod to sing tho Passing Song That bids tho poor soul go. And “ Mary tako you now,” sho sang, “That lay against my heart,” And “ Mary smooth your crib to-night,” But she could not say “ Dopart.” Then camo a cry from tho soa, But tho sea-rime blinded tho glass, And “Hoard yo nothing, mother?” sho said, “ ’Tis tho child that waits to pass,” And tho nodding mothor sighod. “ *Tis a lambing owo in tho whin, For why should tho christened soul cry out That novor know of sin V” “ 0, feet I have hold in my hand, O, hands at my heart to!catch; How should thoy know tho road to go, And how should they lift the latch ?” They laid a shoot to the door, With tho littlo quilt atop, That it might not hurt from tho cold or tho dirt, But tho crying would not atop. Tho widow lifted tho latch And strained her eyes to aeo, And opoued tho door on tho bitter shoro To lot tho soul go free, Thero was neithor glimmer nor ghost, Their was noither spirit or spark. And “ Hoard yo nothing mother ?” sho said, “ fTis cryiug for mo iu tho dark.” And tho nodding mother sighod, “ ’Tis sorrow makosyo dull; llavo yo yet to loam tho cry of tho tern, Or tho wail of tho wind-blown gull ?” “Tho torns are blown inland, Tho grey gull follows tho plough. ’Twns never a bird, tho voico I hoard, Ob, mother, I hoar it now!” “Lio still, doar Iamb, lie still; Tho child is passed from harm, 'Tisthuaohoin your breast that broke your And tiio fool of au empty arm.” Sho put her mothor aside, “ in Mary’s namo let bo! For tho peaco of my soul I must go,” she And sho wont to tho calling eoa. In tho hool of tho wind-bit pior, Where tho twisted wood was piled, Sho camo to tho life she had missed br an lionr For sho camo to a littlo child. 9 Sho laid it into her breast, Aud baok to hor mothor alio carao, But it would uot food and it would not hood Though sho gnvo it her own child’s namo. * And tho dead child dripped on hor breast And hor owu in tho shroud lay stork* ’ And “ God forgive us, mother," she said “ Wo let it die in tho dark ?'» * —xtuDTAJlD KlPUWq. 