The Sydney Morning Herald. TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1892. Yesterday the Royal Commission appointed to investigate the charges made by Mr Schey, M.L.A., against Mr Eddy, held its second sitting. After making a number of preliminary objections Mr1 Snhey withdhuw the first chu.go, which was thal Mr Eddy-»as appointed for ocoult reasons, ?wluoh suited private porsons, but .» ero not Dor tho welfare of tho oouutry Mb Eddy desirod to bo allowed to go into the box and give on oath a statement of the wholo of the facts connected with his appointment, but the President ruled that tho charge ha-, tag bean with diawn, tho statement could not bo made Toe Commission thon proceeded to consider the second oharge, which w13 to tho effect ttat tho Railway Commissioners had, without any neces sitj, ordered £.00,000 worth of locomoth as from specially selected English firms Mr. Schey called Mr Hugh M'Lachlan, secretary to the Railway Commissioners, as his first witness, and his examination was not concluded when the Commission adjourned It is reported that Bulgaria has dooidedjto oloso her porta on the Danube against Hussiun steamers The house of a notary at Voreevlz, in Austria, has boon destroyod by an explosion of djynamite, but no porson was injured A slmilni) outrage was perpetrated at a local bank M Louset, the French Prnmior, threatens to imposa penalties in the oase of persons guilty of oulpablo negligence in tho uko anti care of dynamito A» anti- Jo-, iih urnsade is being flomonted in Germany under the leadership of the extremo Conservatives A Jewish firm .has boon charged with selling half a million nsoless cifles to tho army nnd hoodwinking the lnspoctor« who pa9sod the contracts Much popular oHmour has boon raised m con- nection with tho matter, but tho Imporial Chancellor is silent In the Foreign Committeo of iho American House of Representatives thora is a majority in favour of tho annexation of tho Hawaiian Islands to the United States TnF Chinese Minister at Washington has offlually protested against the Ch hioso E .elusion Bill as boing a violation of treaty eights Sin John Gorst, Financial fíocrotary to tlio Treasury, advócate» tho formation of boards of conciliation and arbitration of a eimilar character to thoao proposed in Australia. Tile Durham coabninors hai» empowered tho Miners' Federation to mediate with tho colliory ownors in roforonce to tho sottlesnont of tho exist- ing dispute. SENon Cánovas del Castillo, Premier of Spain, has been induced by protectionists to stop tho parleying» which were, being carried on with England for arearrangementof the Anglo-Spanish commercial treaty. The English cotton npinncrs, who went on stribo and had arrangod to assume work, have refused to do so unless ro-engAged in a body. Yebterday the Executive Council ofViotoria conBidortd tho caso cf Deeming. Itwasumrai raouily decided that ¿hore wore no rcasona why thohontonco should «ot bo carried into effect, and tho date of tho execution was fixed for tho 23rd instant. A statement bjf Deeming in rogard to tho Windsor murder appears in anothor column. A woman namoA Susan Sheehy, residing at No. 1" Langloy-lano, "Woolloomooloo, was yesterday fiercely attacked 'by her husband, Henry Sheehy, who fractured hur skull by means of a heavy braco ond almos* gouged one of hor eyes out. She is in a oriücpü condition, and her husband has boon arrested. A committee 3ias boen formed to canvaBS tho oleotorato cif South Sydney with tho object of eocuring filo íoturn of four lreetrado candidates at tlie next guueral eloction. Ti« Equity Court appeals woro oommonced yosterday boforo the Full Court. At Por* Macquarie on Sunday a little girl named Catherine Cavanagh was accidentally bhot dead by lier brother. Mvtthias Larkin, a pri-omr in hor Majesty's gaol, foimorly secretary of tho South Moloourno Building Sooiety, was brought up for examina- tion, at the Melbow»* la»olwr- Court rester day Ho refused to answer any questions, and w us committed to gaol until ho did so Sr£_.i_i\a nt tlio quarterly lunohcon of tho Mayor of Mclbouruo yostordiy, Sir Graham E-rrj pointed ont thnt while individuals hal Miffued m consequonco of tho lund boom, tho pro diif ti\ enehs of tho colonj lind rocci\ed no chick, so that M soon as mon showed faith mono anothir things would resumo tliolr normal conditiou It ii probablo that provision will bo m ido in tho Victor, in ostnnates for bending two or threo oth eera of tho muai and military iorcos toEnglmd, to undergo a coun>o ot training m tho ln-trtn bon schools Av aboriginal namod Cliaillo Alexander haï been nrrostod at Bombala on a oh u 3*0 of ha-, m¿ murdored lus w lfe A niTUTATiOY from tho unemplojod waited npon the Victorian Minister for Works j ostorduy to urgo th it rehof works should bo started imme- diately In roply, Mr Graham saul that 0110 of tho spokesmen « as an agitator who did tho iinem ployed moro harm than good, and that in futuro ho would decline to bo interview ed by such peoplo At the samo time ho expressed sympathy with those who wcro really seeking Work, and promibod to discus1) tho matter with his colleagues. The rovlsion court for tho doctoral district of Canterbury waa hold at Ashfiold yesterday. About '10 applications for enrolment and oight objections were sustained. Mn. Siuels donios that negotiations to induoo tho Victorian Railway Commissioners to accept compensation and abandon all claims to an in- vestigation aro In progress. Tub London Chartered Bank of Australia has dcclarod a dividend of 8 per cent, nuil carried forward £16,000. Havtno camplotod thoir tour in the Grafton distriot, Mr. Barton, Acting Premier, and Mr. Sod, Colonial Treasurer, yostordny resumed thoir officiiü duties. The inquiry beforo Judge Backhouse, ooncorn ing the Cuso of Prank James Smith, Gcorgo Jamos Finlayson, and Augustus Sydney Miller, who wore recently convioled of conspiracy to dofraud tho Australian Morcantilo Loan and Guarantee Com- pany, was concluded yesterday. Tho ovidenco will bo forwarded to tho Minister for Justioo, and if neoessury, the Judge will furnish a roport. At a mooting holdin Melbourne last night under tho auspices of tho fellmongers, wool, aud leather trades, a resolution was oaniod in favour of an oxport duty of a ponny per pound on shoepslrins in the raw state. Täe Customs receipts yesterday amounted to £12,111. Towards this the 10 per oent. nd valorom duty contributed £2397, and tho 15 per cent. £183. Wo learn that drafts of two bills for the establishment of harbour trusts for Sydnoy and Newcastle havo been proparod, and nre in tho hands of tho Govornmont, and that tho bills, aftor recoiving Cabinot approval, will form part of tho programme for tho noxt session. Considering all tho circumstances, it is hard to fool vory san- guine about tlie noxt session. It can hardly be oponod boforo tho beginning of Sep- tember, and a Local Government Bill lins boen promised in the most definite torms. That measure, ivitli the financial business proper to the year, and a fow of tho an considered trilles that always contrive to thrust thomsolvos in front, should-at tho ordinary rato of tho Parliamentary stroke-supply abundant omploymont if tho seseion is to close by the end of tho year. Tho two harbour trust bills now promised would be too important nioasuros to bo hurried through. Tho probability is that ono or both of thom would undergo sharp discussion in both Houses. Tho fundnmoutnl idea moy bo generally approved, but privato interests would be affected by tho appli- cation of it, and debatable points would arise undor tho most favourablo conditions. AVithout dwelling further upon the cal- culation of probabilities, however, wo must congratulate the Govornmont upon having given the mattor ao much serious attention ns tho drafting of the bills implies. it has boon remarked that nature has done so much for us in Sydney Harbour that we have boen content with tho minimum amount of artificial improve- ment. This is an extreme way of stating the oaso from ono point of viow. A short timo ago it was contended from the othor side that wo had done all that was necessary, if not something moro, and that the accommodation provided for shipping, p'artly by privato enterprise and partly by the expenditure of tho Government, was at least sufficient for actual needs. It will be remomberod that a Govornment project for tho execution of some rathol" extensivo wharfage works in Woolloomooloo Bay was reported upon unfavourably by the Publio Works Committee, chiefly on the ground that thero was uot any urgent necessity for it. It is true that a largo amount of work has been done in a gradual or piecemeal way to remove obstructions, and to enlarge the wharfage accommodation to meet the demands of the increasing trade. But it doos not follow that tho time has not come for placing the affairs of the port on a more satisfactory foundation, aud relieving the Government of a heavy burden of care and expenditure. The caso of New- castle diffors from that of Sydney in somo important respects. It cannot bo sug- gested that nature lias donó everything thore and art nothing. Tho fact* all point the opposite way, and tho result of nature's niggardliness at Newcastle is to bo seen in a far more liboral display of the capabilities of art than is to be found in the chief seaport o£ the colony. But as Newcastle as a port owes almost everything to the enterprise and expenditure of tho Government, and very little to private enterprise, it would be a simple tiling in Newcastle as compared with Sydney for the Government to trans- fer its íosponsibilities to a tiust, and to give that trust the general control and managomont. Elsewhere in these oolonios tho policy of establishing harbour trusts has boen followed out oxtensivoly, and with a largo measure of success. Hore, where the principle of centralisation has held a stronger grasp of affairs, the oxpodiency of making a chango has at last been rocognisod. Under the late Govern- ment a bill was pnssod for the formation of a trust at Wollongong. Whatever difference of opinion, therefore, there may bo as to tho details of the promised bills, there ought not to bo any party conflict as to the ob j octa thoy will seek to Bccuro. In Melbourne tho harbour trust has workod wonders, and procured the steady development of the capabilities of tho port in a manner that would have boen almost hopoloss had the business been left in the hands of the Government, aud mixed up with tho chances and changes of political life. In New Zealand many harbour trusts have been formed, and whilst it is true that the results have not boen uniformly successful, that is to bo traced to miscalculations or mistakes in tlio dosigns the unsuccessful trusts havo undertaken to oxecuto, rathor than to any deff-ct in tlio system of management. Work has been done at Auckland, Wellington, Dunodin, and Lyttelton that probably would not have beon done h d the charge rested with the Government. But whilst encouragement may bo drawn from what lias boon done olsowhoro under the management of trusts, it would bo a mistako to suppose that the example set at other ports could be iudisoriminately I Mowed here witt safety. This is poculiarly a matter in which careful regard (should bo paid to local conditions. So far as concoma the regulation of tho port business, this consideration may not ho of tho highest importance; but it is so when wo como to questions of oxpondi turo and rovonuo. A harbour trust would bo no moro ablo than tho Government to carry out costly works of improvement without cash or credit. The first question to bo answorod in each particular caso is, whence aro tho funds to. como? In Molboumo tho trust hus had a most valuable endowment in the ßhape of tho swamp lands, mid the opportunity of raising rovonuo from réclamation work's. Somo of tho figures boaring upon this point havo lately boon published, and thoy go to show that whilst the works in progress aro ostensivo aud of n chnracter to increaso immousoly tho accommodation of tho port, the rovonuo from reclamations will ninko tho burdon of the cost insignifi- cant. Fortunatoly, in Sydnoy a harbour trust would not bo required to outer upon such ostensivo undertakings in tho matter of harbour-making. But as a counterpoise to this, it is to bo observed that hero wo should lack this sourco of rovonuo. In its absonco, or in tho absonco of an oquivalont, a trust hero would havo to full back upon taxation or chargos of ' somo sort ; and it ia obvious that in such a case it would bo ontoring on moro doubtful ground. In tho faco of competi- tion tho levy of high port chargos would tßnd to chock tho growth of trado, if not to divort from tho port trado which it has already gained. Thero aro limits to tho possibility of raising rovonuo in that way, and this fact could not be safoly overlooked. It is not necessary to assume that for somo time to como any extensivo works would havo to bo undertaken, but still that is a contin- gency that should bo foreseon and pro- vided for. Wo havo referred to tho fact that somo of tho smaller harbour trusts of Now Zoaland havo been unsuccessful. The misfortune is that their failure haa boon construed na throwing a shade upon the orodit of the Govorn mont. This is a misconstruction, because their debentures boro on thoir faco a denial of Government responsibility. Tho circumstance, however, that one of these trust debts has boon describod na "a colonial loan " bIiows that tho public credit may bo made to suffer whon it has not been pledged, if the borrowing trust or corporation has a quasi public character and has been constituted under a publio statute, Hero we have anothor contingency to be forcsoon and provided against. In tho caaes of Sydnoy and Newcastle tho trusts would seem to bo the moro closely con- nected with the Government for tho reason that thoy would take over works bogun and responsibilities originally undertaken by the Government. After the tran3tor tho Government might be free from legal liability, but the publio credit might still bo affected in the event of tho trust falling into difficul-' ties ; and it is a quostion whether it would not bo well to require that any largo projoots under consideration by the trust, and estimated to cost moro than a specified amount, should, as in tho case of tlio publio works projoots of the Govern- ment, bo submitted to somo special form of public inquiry. This might, wo imagine, bo dono without unduly lessening the authority or hampering tho action of the trust. We have devoted a good deal of space to letters discussing the proposals for paving the streets of the city, which were about a month ago submitted to the finance committee of tho City Council by the paving committee appointed for that purpose. That the discussion was not superfluous or fruitless may be inferred from the fact that at its meet- ing a few days ago the City Council re- ferred the report back to the committee for further consideration. The sub- ject of the paving of the streets of the city has been brought into pro- minent notice by two circumstances. One is the growing recognition that the state of our footways is a disgrace to the city which can no longer be tolerated. The other is the fact that an Act has recently come into force giving the council power to pave and repair the footways, and defray the oost of the work from the city fund. It was in view of this necessity and these powers that the paving committee recommended the voting of the sum of £10,000 for the work, and advised the paving of George- street with first-class material from Dawes Point to the junction with the Newtown-road. The scheme also contemplated the paving of many other of the leading thoroughfares of the city with first-class material, the paving of several others with second-class material, and the use of the materials taken up in by-streets. The plan pro- ceeded to define what the committee regarded as first-class, second-class, and third-class materials, and it is to the classification of the materials thus arrived at that most of the criticism has been directed. The discussion was opened by a letter in our columns by Mr. John Young, which appeared a day or two after the publication of the committee's report. Mr. Young, speaking with the authority of professional experience and of observa- tions gleaned during extensive travel, strongly dissented from the judgment of the committee in classing Caithness, Yorkshire, and Arbroath flagging as first-class material. So far from re- garding these world-renownod flaggings as the best adapted to our city, Mr. Young is opposed to the use of flag- stones at all, and prefers footways laid with mineral asphalte. While the flags must wear unevenly and absorb water, the asphalte—by which, it is to be explained, is not meant the tar-paving so largely used in our suburbs—wears regularly, maintains an even surface, presents no depressions for water to lodge in, and, not being pervious to water, does not allow its foundation to become saturated. Upon those grounds, and the widely extended use into which asphalte pave- ments of different kinds are coming in many parts of the world, Mr. Young urged its adoption in preference to the flagstones recommended by the com- mittee. Meanwhile another objection, and a not unnatural one, was brought forward against the recommendations of the com- mittee upon different grounds and from a different quarter. The mat- ter was brought before the Trades and Labour Council by the representative of the Quarrymen's Union, with the result that the council agreed to adopt a protest against the use of any imported stone for the purpose. The council may safely be left to fight its own battle. But it seems only fair to say that if it were determined to employ stone for flagging, the necessity of going for stone to Yorkshire or Scot- land would only arise after our own local resources had been fully tested. So competent an authority as Mr. John Young expresses the opinion that if hard flagging is wanted Pyrmont can supply some as promising as any of the stone it is proposed to import. This is a question for experts, and perhaps for experiments. But it is not too much to say that it is one which should be fully tested before a large order of so heavy and bulky an article as paving- stones is sent from the colony to Great Britain. It is not to be expected that we should attempt to follow the exports to the deter- mination of so technical a question as the selection of the best paving material for the footways of Sydney. Fortu- nately such an effort is required. The action taken by the City Council is tantamount to a re-opening of the whole question, and is a recognition that more inquiry and more information are de- manded. There are a few plain principles which it is necessary to keep in view. One is, as we take it, already recognisod by the paving committee, and this is that it is as im- portant that the pavement be uniform—at any rate in each street—as that it be good. Under existing circumstances the pedes- trian is as much irritated by the frequent change of the material under his feet, and its form of arrangement as by its imperfections of quality. Then there are some conditions enforced on us by our climate and other local circum- stances. In a climate with an average rainfall of 50 inches, which may in any year rise to 70 and may become 20 inches in a single month, as in the case of last March, or may become 24 inches in five days, as it did three or four years ago, it is essential that the pavement should be perfectly even on the surface and im- pervious to water. The one con- dition prevents the formation of pools, the other saves the foun- dation from becoming waterlogged, and the walls and basement floors of houses from becoming saturated. Then in a city with such inequalities of level and with such street gradients as Sydney exhibits, it is necessary that the pavement should present a surface upon which we can walk without danger of sliding. These are conditions almost or perhaps quite as important as that of durability. But, indeed, the subject is a comprehen- sive one, and while it is again before the committee it will be well if that body can see its way to the framing of a plan which will obviate the constant pulling up of the pavement for alterations to gas and water pipes and other matters. Alderman Waine, in his letter on the subject, mentioned that some such recom- mendations are to be brought forward by the committee, and it is to be hoped that they will be thorough and fitted to prevent one of the greatest present dangers to the maintenance of the footways. It is seldom the case that pavement of any kind is relaid as firmly and safely after being taken up as it was at first. What is wanted is to make such disturbance as nearly unnecessary as possible. It will be seen that the committee has a very important and, as is now apparent, difficult task before it. Its difficulty comes from the rich variety of choice open to its selection. What is in question is not merely the best way of paving George-street, but the best way of paving the whole city. Not only this, but a decision supported by general concurrence would be taken as a guide, so far as it was applicable, by many of the suburban municipalities, and perhaps country towns. There is no reason for hurrying the inquiry. There is every reason for making it thorough and successful. The matter is equal in importance to many that are brought before the Public Works Committee, and it may be worth the paving committee's consideration whether it would not do well in this case to adopt the procedure of the Public Works Committee and make its inquiry an open one. The advantage of that course would be that it would at every stage be aided by the co- operation of the public, who would help in supplying information and in arriving at a decision, and would at the end be a sharer in and partly responsible for the judgment formed upon the question. Lord Salisbury has been frightening the " dames " of the Primrose League by telling of the terrible things that are coming on the earth if Home Rule is forced on Ireland. That Lord Salisbury was " impassioned " in his harangue shows that he was vory much in earnest, not probably in the belief ho personally entertained as to the accu- racy of his own predictions, but in the necessity that existed for the 'Knights and Dames being warmed up to an appropriate appreciation of the importance of the coming election. Indeed it shows more than anything else the oritical nature of the position when a nobleman of the character of Lord Salis- bury, ondoccupyingthehigh position which he does as chief adviser of Her Majesty, should deem it befitting the occasion to draw lurid and suggestive pictures of armed resistance to tho will of Parliament, should Parliament in its wisdom decide to give self-government to Ireland. We are accustomed in our own small way to seo our local statesmen sometimes lashing the electors up to fury by tolling dreadful stories of the laches of the other poople, and the way thoy havo boen making ducks and drakos of the public money ; uttering warnings of coming insolvency and other unpleasantnesses unless their opponents are ousted from the Treasury. But in America it is the proper thing to give a twist to the British lion's tail and make him growl or show his teeth if possible ; and to set tho American eagle soreoching his wildest as a prelude to a political campaign. In Germany it used tobe tho way to oxcilo tho alarm of the people by tho possibili- ties of an impending attack from Prance, whenever military ostimatos requirod to bo carried through the Reichstag. But this beating of the big drum by the Premier of England seems tho first occasion, for a long ut least, in which we find this questionable way of working elections introduced into the English system. A few years ago that eccentric statesman Lord lÏANDOLrir. Churchill, not apparently for elootion purposes, but just in his own ploasantly impulsive way, pictured him- self as heading a hundred thousand armed men, bent on "asking tho reason why," in the event of self-government being given to the people of Ireland. Nobody minded much such a freak in the erratio apostle of Conservative demo- cracy. But Lord Salisbury is a per- sonage of a different stamp, and wild talk like this is very much uko throwing burning brands about. It would bo a very dreadful thing no doubt .to employ the military power of Great Britain in order " to keep Ulster in subjection to Arohbishop Walsh." But such a distinction doeB not appear to be intonded for the eminent prelate, and as for "soiling the peoplo into slavery " that would bo quito a new departure in English politics. All the same, eveh an appeal as this to ÉVlBu the passions of religious and racial hatreds is not without its force on the ovo of a coming election. It would not bo tho Örst timo in history that poli- tics had subjected religion to its pur. poses. Tho proccsH in tho f orhintion of suburban building sitos as narrated in our special roport on tho subjoct should excite some- thing moro than a passing interest. AVe lament the seque neo which seems to be in- separable from the settlement of urban and suburban population, in the outbreaks of typhoid and diphtheria and other filth disoases. But why should wo wandor at this when wo think of tho. materials that constitute tho foundation on which the homos of thousands of our population aro resting ? We justly pride ourselves on our sowerago system ¡ and by coin pna'ison our sanitary arrangements in general are superior to tboso of other cities we could nama. But how can we fail sooner or later to. suffer the conscquonces of tho ne/fleet of sani- tation which must in ,this way be planting tho soeds of death where no sowea'ago system over Can. remove them? AVo do not appear, it is tri le, to have gone tho lengths which Melltourno and its suburbs have gono in sowing sick- ness broadcast. Somo lacts have just been brought to light If>y tho medical officer: of tho Central Bo.á.rd of Health of ArictorSa which may reaidily account for the pormanonce of typha id in Melbourne and its suburbs. It has been discovered after somo difficulty Uiat tho oxcreta of the typhoid po.tionts of three of the {wincipnl hospitals havo been for years ¡orno to the suburbs, and there depositod on the land-in somio cases dug into the soil, in other cases merely strewn over the ground on which vogotables and iruit are grown, in othors placed on dairy farms over which caitle are depasturing. During tho last ten months over four hundred typhoid p atients havo boen treated ii; tho hospitals from which these sub- stances freighted with the germs of death hav o boon borno, to b vegetables and milk consumed by the citi- zens ; while literally hundreds of acres that wero far years receiving the some treat- ment are now covered with the crowded homes of the people. We have not such a glaring record as this, it is true ; but from tho tipcarts that have boen conveying theil' motloy freight to fill up suburban building sites to their due level thoro. havo been conveyod thousands of tons of materials which during long years of putrefaction will continue to emit gases hardly less poisonous, to be breathed by the residents. If this cruel in difference on the pttrt of the authorities were likely to bring sickness and mortality only to the unfortunate residents on tihe pestiferous lots, one might account for it by the selfish in- difference to other people's sufferings which is, unfortunately, too much the rule of life. But these filth diseases, there germinated, and acquiring greater virulence from the surroundings, may spread into any home, and may strike at the most cherished lives miles away from tho centro of infection. Sanitary science has Jong ago exploded the self-satisfying comfort of "Am I my brother's keeper ?" And neglect of the sanitary wellbeing of our neighbours of even miles away, will in all probability come home to. ourselves, or our children after ns. What can wo say, then, of tho negligonoo that has not only tolerated but encouraged the heaping up of these storahouses of death underneath the floors of hundreds of present and future suburban homes ?_ His Excellency tho Governor wdl preside over . meeting of tho Extieutivo Council at 2 o'olook to-day, when ltiß understood, tho oaae of M'ßrow, sentenced to death -for wifo murder, and that of William Cooli, foiina guilty of having murdered Sarah Ann Bloom field at Rosewood, near Tumber« umba, last February, will be considered Mb P O Fïsn, tho Pronuor of Tasmania, ii at prosont on a vunt to Sydney Yesterday morn- ing ho called upon Mr Copeland (Munster for Lands), Mr Jn and Mr Coghlan (the Government Statistician). It is understood that during his interview with tho Colonial Treasurer Mr Tyah stated that the poople of Tasmania did not take kindly to the protective duties imposed by Now South WaleaonTasmaninn-gTownoorealB, grain, andhay Mr Tysh will havo a further interview with Mr See to-day, when the now tariff of this colony will bo reviewed as far as the Tasmanian Premier is concerned in a reciprocal direction Yesterday afternoon Ml* Fysh met Mr Barton, the acting Premier, Mr Lyne, tlio Minister for Works, Mr Suttor, the acting Colonial Secretary, and Mr Copeland, the Ministar for Lands, in the Colonial Secrotaiy's office. Mutters of intercolonial interest wore disousBed, tho prinoipal topio under con- sideration being Australasian Federation The Premier of Tasmania will remain in Sydney until Friday night noxt, when he is to leave for Queensland Before returning to Hobart Mr r_, sh will i lsit Adelaide Me Bakton, tho Aoting Premier, and Mr See, tho Colonial T-eaeurer, resumed thoir ofDoial duties yesterday morning, after having paid a week's-, imt to tho Clarence River district The only Ministers absent from tho colony at present aro the Promier, the Vice-President of the Legislative Council, and tlio -Uinistcr for Justice Mr O'Connor was at Wellington (New Zealand) last week, and ho is cxpeotod to return to Sydnoy witlnn the next 10 diys A Cabmot meeting, the iirst since tho departure of the Premier for England, will bo held thiB afternoon, under the presidency ocf Mr Barton Tnis morning, at half-past 10 o'clock, a depu- tation will wait upon tho Acting Colonial Secretary at tho Colonial Secretary's othca, relativo to the abor ginnl population of Now South Wales At the same timo residents of Waverley, Randwick, and Woollahra will interview the Postmaster General in rogaid to postal nnd telegraphT ucLonunodation in tho municipalities named Mehheiis of tho Parliamentary Standing Com- mittee on Public Works will moot this afternoon, and aftor continuing tho minutos of tho previous meeting willproeeodby steam lannohirom Princes Stairs to Dalling Island to make a personal inspection of that piaco prior to taking evidence on tho proposed impro\ emonts Mr Darloy (tho Lngincer-in-chiof tor Harbours and Rivers), Mr Honry Demo (tile Enginoor-m-chiof for Railway construction), und Captain Jaokson (tho manager of publio wharfs) will aocompany tlio committee on its tour of inspection PiioviDiso suitable arrangomemts can bo made, tho offices of the Railw ly Commissioners wdl te romo\ od from their presont quarters m tho Works Dopaitment at tho end ot tho current month Tho rooms now ocoupied b> tho Commissioners, tho seorotnry to tlio Railway Commissioners, and tho principal cho-ical staff, is to bo handed ovei to tho Wntei Conservation officials, reoontly transferred from tho Mines to tho Works Department Tho railway executive staft aro to bo located at No 133 and in part of No 136 Mao quarie- strcet, the latter being best known as the quarters of tho parliamentary draftsman A flat in the last-named building is to bo utilised by th» railway commissioners, and this, with the adjoin- ing premisos, will afford ample room for the stafl namod, and possibly accommodation for tho olhoials oonneotod with one of tho sub branches The futuro -3 irliumentary diaftsmau is to be loi ated in tin. Publie Woiks Offices The Royal Commission nppointed to inquire into tho chargos mndo ngamst tho Kail wa) Commissioners, aud speoially against Mr E M G Lddy, by Mi W F Schey, hold its Hocond sitting yostordny in tho Equity Court Thoro wore present his Honor Mr Justice Owen (President), and Mr John Young and Mr Aloxandor Kothol (members) The first charge, viz , " That tho appointment of tlio «aid E M G Eddy as Chief Commissioner was duo to occult reasons, whioH suited private porsons, but -»ero not suited to tho wolfaio ol tho countiy," ooou I piad th« attention of tho Commission fot i \ -.---~-^ »bouí two "Eom-s and a half, and wai thon Withdrawn' by Mr. Sohoy, with an ad- mission that ho was not in a position to call any evidonoo in support of it. The »eoond ehurgo, which WuS to tho effect that the Commis- sioner» had ordered £500,000 worth of locomotivo .tagines from England without first calling for tenders hero, and consequently in the interest« of » ring in England, was noxt proceeded with ; and Mr. Jiugh M'Lachlan, secretary to the Railway Coromisiuouera, wus called os a witucss. At the rising of tho Commibsion Mi. M'Lachlan's examination was unfinihhod, and it will bo ro «iimed this morning. Curing the afternoon sit- ting the three Railway Commissioners wero present. The inquiry which was commenced on tho 2nd instant, before his Honor Mr. Distriot Court Judge Haokhonso in tho Darlinghurst Courthouse, concerning the case of frank James Smith, George James Finlayson, and Augustus Sydnoy Miller, who wcro oonviuted somo limo sinco of tínfspiraoy to dofraud in connection with tho Austra- lian Mercantile Loan and Guarantee) Company frauds, was oonoluded yesterday. Tho inquiry was hold in roferoneo to tho guilty knowledge of tho prisoners respectively of tho preparation and pub- lication of the bulanco-shcota of tho company in 1889 and 1890, and as to a mitigating oiremm atanco in tho cato of each of tho prisoners, ?namely, whether tho prisonois respectively derived any peisonal bcuolit or could havo dorivod auy personal benefit from tho committal of tho olfouoo of whtoh tht-y hod boen convicted. Tho witnetsos examined yesterday wore E. IX. Buchanan, G. II. Tooloy, Augustus E. Blair, F. H. Parsons, Goorgo Alfred Buck, Prunk Jamos Smith, Augubtus Sydnoy Miller, Russell Marshall, John M'Laughlin, and Augustus Morris. His Honor doolarcd the inquiry conclnelod. Tho evielenco talton will bo forwarded to tho Minister leir Justioo, and, if nocossary, Judge Backhouse will f uraüih a roport. About two months ago action was taken by tho . Department of Agriculture to initiate a number of praoüoal tost« us to tho temperature at which groen fruit would retain it« natural qualities over a period covoring tho time ocouplod in picking, paoking, carrying, and disposing of fruit exported to England. Two experiments wero commenocd on tho 12th March lost, and on the -ttli instant a number of gontlomcn, inoluding members of Par- liament and others, interested in fruit culturo attended at the cold storago rooms of tho Farmers and Dairyuion's Milk Company, Harris-street, Ultimo, to oxamino tho eai.es of fruit which had boeu lodged thora. These consisted of three cases, containing winter nolls and Napo- leon poars, Parramatta oranges, Lisbon lomons, winter pearmain and sooelling apples. The »vorago temperature for tho period montionod was 32-1, and on unpacking tho cases the fruit was found to be apparently as fresh and sound as on the day it was packed. Three officers of tho department also attended at the «old storage room» of tho Country Milk Company, Palmcr-stroet, Woolloomooloo, whon throe cases containing a similar assortment of fruit which had ' been stored there on the same date wore also opened and examined. The averago temperature in this instance waa 36-4, and tho fruit was like- wise found to bo in a perfectly sound and markot ablo condition. The whole of the fruit has been removed from the cold chambers, with a viow to test its keoping qualities after tho period of cold storago. Tests aro still being conducted at different temperatures. It is admitted that tho temperatures maintained in those experiment« wore muoh too low, whioh wus unavoidable, as tho only chambers available bud to bo kept at a temperature to unit the other produco stored in thom. Fruitgrowers should seo the field of enterprise opened up by these experi- ments, which demonstrate how thoy can oo opcrate to store many variotios of fruit whon thoy aro glutting tho market, and to koop them for a period of from two to eight wooka till prioes aro re- munerativo. Tho compunios conducting the experi- ments aro so satisfied that they will probably tako up this line of business next season. It may bo remembered that at the oloso of tho last Term tho Full Court delivered judgmout, dismissing with coats tho plaintiff's appeal in Want v. Mesa in an Equity suit in whioh ho had been unsuccessful. Yosterday an application waa made in his bohalf that the costs of tho Common Law proceedings in whioh ho was successful «honld bo set against the costs of the suit in Equity. Tho Court, however, refused tho appli- cation. Thb Equity appeals wero oommonoed yesterday before the Full Court. The first on the list waa the case of the Kew England Gold-mining Com- pany, whioh was formed to purchase and work a mineral property at Ravenswood, Queensland. The official liquidator had plaeed tho name of Mr. , George Adams on the list of contributors, but \ * ' upon the matter bolng referred to tho Master in Equity tho nanto was struok out. This deoision was confirmed by Mr. Justioo Manning, and tho official liquidator is now nppoaling. The argu- ments were not conoludcd. The revision court for tho electoral district of Canterbury, whioh is the first of tho series to bo Held throughout the metropolitan area during tho present month, was hold in the Oddfellows' Hall, Ashfiold, yesterday, Mr. Dolohery, S.M., being the presiding magistrate. Inspector Larkins appeared on bohalf of the polioo. Seventy appli- cations for enrolmont wero dealt with, of whioh about 40 wore sustainod, tho balance being oithor rofusod or found to be from persons whoso names were already upon the lista. Mr. Epp», on behalf of tho National Association, was present to support objections lodgod against nine persons. Eight of theso were sustained, the re- maining objection being withdrawn. About 20 applications for enrolment, lodged by tho associa- tion, wore also upheld. At the conclusion of the proceedings Mr. Dolohery congratulated the polioo upon tho fact that in the Canterbury elec- torate, which is the largest in the colony, so few applications and objections had boen lodged, thus showing that the work of compilation had boon carefully carried out. A RimsiON court in Connection with the Parra- matta electoral roll was held in the courthouse, Parramatta, yesterday. Messrs. F. M. Edwards, P.M., and G. T. Hunt, J.P., presided. Ono naroo was addod, and tho names of eight dooeasod persons wero struok off. A meeting; of tho oleotors of South Sydney was held on the 0th instant in tho Southorn Cross Hotel, Devonshire and Elizabeth streets. Messrs. Wiso and Martin, Ms.L.A.,. ad- dressed those presont, asking thom to form a oommltteo, bo that they oould thoroughly canvass tho diBtriot, and thoroby roturn four freetrado membere at the noxt genoral election. After tho meeting a oommittoo was formed for tho purpose of commencing work in the neighbourhood. Raiîelt is it that one of the largo oversea steamships moots with as bad woathor after making tho Australian coast as that whioh foil to the lot of the Gulf of Moxioo, a 3000-ton vessel, which arrived in Port Jackson from London yos- terday. Tho voyago completed was by way o'f the Capo of Good Hope, and Bomo very bad woathor beforo she roaohod tho Capo was encountered. For five consumitivo days thingii wore very lively on board, fearful gales and a wild lioad sea prevailing the wholo of that timo. Four days' steaming gavo a rosult of but 200 milos, or an avorage of about two milos per hour for a full-powered oooan steamer. Notwithstanding this untoward woather tho ' steamer was but 50 days to Adolaido, inclusivo of astopmado at Las Palmas for coal. It was, however, after leaving Adolaido that the worst ! storms of the voyago ooourrod. Coming down St. Vincent's Gulf a gale set in, and as tho vessol hooded towards Capo Northumberland the wind inoreasod to hurrloane piteh. Off th*e Capo the «teamor waa for a timo in actual peril in oonBe quonoo of the fury of the sea. Grout bodies of Water swept hor decks, tearing nut tho do'ok bolt« used for lashing down the anchors, also one of tho hold vontilatord. Some deck «argo of Bulphurio aoid booamo leaky and was thrown ovorboard, and One tremendous sea oarriod away the wheol-ohain, thus releasing the steamer from oontrol. Quickly .he fell into tho trough of the foarful sou running at the timo, and in her helpless oondition her dooks wero continuously flooded. As quiokly as tho difficulty of tho situation Would permit, tem- porary repaivs wero effected to tho steering-gear, and after 30 hours of almost indosoribablo woathor a favourablo chango sot In, and tho steomor again bold upon her course Tas Bt. Loonards Reservo Riflo Company last " wook passed 27 of its mombera through mUBkdtry-six loss than last year. In conse- quence of the ordors from headquarters that no 'Äirthcr enrolments are to bo modo, «overol ap- plications to join havo hoou rofusod. Of thoso who pasBOd 23 woro olaesod marksmen, two first-olass, one Booond, and ono third, Dr. Nowtnaroh, tho treasurer of the company, winning the Crown badiro with 180 pointe, four others getting into tho hundred and eighties. Mr. il'Cailum, secretary, hw resigned ia ooaseguenoo of tho rocont dooisionof thoSoiithemRifleAs-Ooia-'" tioa. Tmk first monthly meeting for the presont session of the miorosoopical section of tho Royal Sooioty of N.S.W. waa held lost evening. Mr. P. R. Podley occupied the chair. Dr. Wright called attention to the omission in tho now edition of " Carpenter on the Micr06oopo " of tho dotails of struoturo observod in mounted preparations of tho foot of tho blowfly, prepared by Mr. II. Sharp, of Adolong, and brought speoially bofore tho notice of tho editor, the Rev. Dr. DalÜDger. Mr. ICyngdon oxhibitod a pattern of microscope, now out of date, but in its day considered to be ono of tho best of the choap instruments of 30 years ago. The stand was known as Smith and Beak's " Univorsal." Dr. Wright exhibited photo- graphs of tho blowfly's tongue, showing tho structure alluded to obovo. It was arranged that tho section should study " Dosmids " as u special object of collection for the next mooting. The monthly mooting of tho Cambrian Sooioty of Now South Wales wai hold in Mr. Quong Tart's rooms, King-street, last ovoning. Mr. Llewellyn 0. Rusaoll-Joncs occupied the ohair, and there waa a largo number of persons, includ- ing sovernl ladies, presont. Four new members wera enrolled, and othora wore proposed. The enso of a Welshman who bad been in tho hospital for somo months was brought befcro tho meeting, and a collection was made on his behalf, and resulted in a sum of nearly £4 being realised. Tho chairman announced that it had boon decided to hold an eUtoddfod in Syd- ney. A list of subjects for competition was road. Tho sum of 20 guineas was subscribed in the room for tho purpooo of proouring prizes for special competition. Tlio remainder of the ovoning was devoted to musical selections, songs, recitations, &o.; Miss Fit- gibbons acted as acoompanist, and, among tho items worthy of notice woro :-Song, " Anohorod," by Mr. Owen ; song, " Tho Skippor," by Mr, Williams; and song, "Jennie Joues of Llangollen," by Mr. W. H. Puddioombo. During tho ovoning Mr. Humphries contributed sevoral Wolsh songa. Tim Roma Society last evening hold a success- ful concert in the schoolroom of St. John's Church, Darlinghurst. Alderman S. E. Leos, M.L.A., occupiod tho ohair, and thoro wa. a fairly largo attendance. Tho members of the sooioty staged a short play, entitled " Doing tim Grand," and the characters were impersonated by Miss J. Cousins, Miss E. Brady, and Mown. J. O'Meagher, W. T. noldaway, E. Whitten, and W. Konnolly. Tho programme for the concert included vocal solos by Miss Harpur, Miss Thorno, Mossrs. Robins, L. O'Rourko, A. D. Bluhdora, G. Reidol, nnd Bumess. Miss Eva Thompson, A.R.A.M., and Miss Rust rendered pianoforte solos, and a duet was given by Misses Rust and Sams. Rooi tations wore delivered by Messrs. Hubbard and Roberts. An interesting feature of tho entertain- ment was the display of lightning sketches by Mr. Collingridge. Miss Rust porformod the dutton of accompanist. The second of tho winter course of lcotures in connection with tho Ladies' Sanitary Association was delivered in the School of Arts yosterday by Mr. John Sulman upon the subject of " House Drainage" There was a largo attendance. Mrs. Pottio presided. Mr. Sulman, in tho course of his remarks, said that his object was to givo a few hint» ob to keeping a house hoalthy, and tho disposal of the waste matter of tho household produoU. In a number of country towns and suburbs eaoh household hud to got rid of ita refuse in tho best way it could ; and where this was not douo properly, ulcoratod throats and diphtheria woro the common result. As far as Sydnoy wai con- cerned, tho bost Bystcm of disposal of organlo waste so far was running it into the se.i by sowors ; but this was by no means to bo ro gardod ait final. The first poiut to consider in a sewerage system was to ontrtiro the absoluto disconnection by means of vontllating shafts, &o.;, of tlio seworago system from the household. If this matter were properly attended to a great step would be taken in sanitary reform, and sovorol preventable diseases would be avoided. Tho absoluto necessities of a perfeot drainage sys- tem wore that the house should bo absolutely dis- connected from tho sower, that tho sower should bo thoroughly ventilated, and that a current of fresh air should be continually passing through tho sewer. He gave a technical descrip- tion of how drains should bo constructed, and Bpoko of some shocking oxamples of drains which were to bo found in very old houses. Evory length of drain should form a porlectly straight line, so that from ono inspection-place to tho other the wholo of tho druin should bo visible Instead of long sweeping ourvei, every length of pipes ? should bo in a perfectly straight lino. It was important to secuto a hard bed or baso upon which to lay the drains. Drains should bo kept outsido buildings as much as possible, but when it was absolutory nooessary to carry a drain underneath a hoiiBO tho greatest precautions should be taken. Tho leoturor oonoluded by describing the various modes of testing drains. At the conclusion a vote of thanks was acourdod to the leoturor. T.rEBE was a largo attendance in the Centenary Hall la-t night, when Max O'Rell repeated his looturo upon " John Bull and the English at Home." His Excellonoy the Governor was present, being accompanied h-- Lady Jersey, tho Ladies Villiers, and Lord Aucr.im. 'Die leoturo was listened to with groat attention and the various points woro applauded. This evening " Sandy," or "Tho Sootoh at Homo," will bo given; and this will bo the last ontortainment but two. TnE ohango of programme in tho Alliambra Musio Hall last night was witnessed by a full houso. Songs and comio offusionB, of which tho first portion of tho programmo was oomposed, were admirably rendered, and wore much appre- ciated by the audionco. Encores woro frequent. Irving Saylcs, ono of the corner mon, made a welcome roappearanoB, and for his eontr, "Shout Out, Little Children," ho was twioo recalled. " Sailor Jack " was sung by Mr. Downe» with good effect, and MUs Ida Holbein was happy in her selection, " Callod Back." "So Runs tho World Away," a dramatio song, was capitally Bung by Mr. Harry Hastings, who received an encore. " Leaving the Old Home " was sweotly rendered by Miss Ray Cowan. In the Olio acro- batic feats wcro performed by the Connor Brothers. Hosea Easton sang " Homo, Sweet Homo," with a banjo aocompanimont, and was loudly applauded. Horace W. Bent was very funny in his burlesque lecture " Tho Comic History of England." Tho cntertainmont oon- oluded with the farco " The Milliner." "The Serious Family," a comedy in three acts, was produced in the Royal Standard Theatre last night by members of the Government Print- ing Office Dramatic and Musical Society. As is usual at entertainments given in connection with this society, there was a large audience. Two professionals -Mr. S. A. Fitzgerald (Captain Murphy), and Miss Beatrice Lyster (Lady Sowerby Creamly) greatly strengthened the cast of characters, which included Mr. W. Lansley (Charles Torrens), Mr. E. Emblen (Frank Vin- cent), Mr. W. A. James (Davers), Miss C. Lay- ton (Mrs. Charles Torrens), Miss Grace Neville (Mrs. Ormsby Delmaine), Miss May Campbell (Emma Torrens), and Miss Grisdale (Graham). During the evening the orchestra, under the direc- tion of Mr. R. Spookman, rendered the following selections:- Overture, "Italiana in Algieri" (Rossini); waltz, "Stories" (St. Quentin); and "La Sonnambula" (Bellini). Tiieiu. was an enormous attondance at Sells Brothers' American Cirous at Mooro Park last ovoning, the number of porsuns boing about 7000. Every seat was occupied. It is pointed out by tho management that tho afternoon performanoo is moro convenient for ladies aud children, as there is oodBidorably loss crush when leaving tho tonta. To-day and to-morrow aro tho last days the troupo will perform prior to loaviug thin country for tho United States. Tub Royal Court Minstrels and Burlesque" Opera Company opotied frr a season in tho Gaioty Theatre last night. Tho company was wolcomod by a full houso. Tho entortainmont is of an amusing character, and the porformon* were all well rooelvod. The first part of the programmo oousi»ted of mluatrolsy, tho porfonnors boing dressed in Court coaduno. Mr. J. S. Porter sang a capital nautical "ísong, '. Tho Skipper," for which ho was loudly encored. A pretty ballad, " Gathering Muy," was nicoly rendered by Miss Annotta Lewis. Mr. L. Braham sang "Little Mag," and hud to respond to an ondôro. Miss Florenoe Schüler ploa»od tho audience with her rendition of tho ballad, " Tho Song That Rcachod My Heart," and later ou tho samo artiste gavo " Mona," for which «he wa» heartily applauded. A serlo-oomlo song, "Yes, You Are," whiob wa« sung by Miss Nollio Rawson, took immensely. Miss Rawsoh also pleased tho audionco with " Old Motlior Shipton." Mr. tV. B. Warnor sang two special items, " Tho Day when M.ginnis gets a Job" sad "Ta-ra-ra-Boom I de-ay," 1b -Wa_ ha ni vet/ .oocms-u-, and bad to respond to sovoritl reoalls. " The" Old Turn kov" was sung with good effeot by Mr. Arthur Farley. Messrs. W. Wosloy, Harry Cremar, Edwin Shipp, caoh contributed a oomio song. Tho Sisters Levy played a mandolino and guitar duct, and Mr. Edwin Shipp danced a sand jig. Thoro wero many other items, all of whioh proved interesting. Harry Cromar, W. Wesley, W. B. Warner, and E. Shipp woro tho corner mon. A laughablo farue, called " Cupid's Frolio," was tho last item, but it was not tho least appreciated. Yesterday ovoning Mr. Purkor Lewis gavo a rcoitation of Dickens' famous " Christmas Carol" in tho Temporáneo Hall, Pitt-stroot. Even as an effort of memory the feat of reciting somo 2000 lines of prose Is a somewhat remark- able ono. In adelition, howovor, to a very rotentivo memory, Mr. Parkor Lowi» pos- sesses a fine, floxlbW voioo and considerable dramatic ability. This combinod with a good stago presence, and natural and appropriate gosturos, enable him to iuterprot Dickons' work in a sucoo8sful manner. Tho first Bootion, " Mar .loy'B Ghost," was capitally rondorcd, and was warmly applauded, as woro also " Fozziwlg'B Ball," "AtScroogo'sNephow's," and tho other well-known foaturos of tho carol. " Bob Crat chit's Christmas Dinner " espooially was given with a manifest appreciation of the hnmonr and pathos of the acouo. Mr'. Lewis was frequently aud heartily applauded. A ooMPLiHENTAnY picnic was given by Mr. Aloxandcr Cameron on Saturday to tho employee« of Oamoron Bros, and Co.'» Factory, Sydney. Tho party, consisting of about 2S0, was cohveyod during tho day by tho etoainor Jenny Lind, as well as the Parramatta River boats, to Corroy's Gardens, Cabarita. Tho weather proved de- lightful. Various sport» woro indulged in, in- cluding mon's, boys', und girls' races, sack race, tug-of-war, crickot, and rounders ; also dancing in tho spacious pavilion to tho strains of the N.A.V. Band. At 1 o'clook all eat down to a banquet, suppliod by Mr. Correy. Tho following toast« were given:-"ThoQuoon," proposed by Mr. Cameron ; " Succcäs to the firm, oouplod with the health of Mr. Cameron," proposed by Mr. Gilmour, aud foolingly repulid toby Mr. Cameron, who incidentally mentioned the fact that . this was tho jubileo yoar of the home firm ¡ " The Customers, ooupled with tho Visitors," proposed by Mr. Gouldlng, and suitably responded to by Mr. Loughlin. Mr. Robertson gave " Tho Ladies," coupled with tho health of Mrs. Cameron. Mr. Hendry returnod thanks on behalf of the fair sex. Mr. Morris, as tho mouthpicoe of tho em- ployees, presented a clock and liqueur stand, and an address to Mr. William Robertson, who Is about to sever his connection with tho faotory. Tho address sot forth tho high estimation in which Mr. Roboitson is hold, his gentlemanly do moanour, good business qualifications, and upright as woll as thoughtful conduot. Mr. Robertson, who was taken quite by surprise, acknowledged tho compliment. Tin; fifty-first anniversary of the Churoh of St. Bartholomew, Prospect, was colobrated on the 1st instant. Tho Rev. Goorgo Middloton, tho in- cumbent, ofiioiated. Tho church wax handsomely decorated. A strong voluntary choir led the musical portion of tho service. The old ohuroh was filled by attentive worshippers. In the Congregational Churoh, Hunter's Hill, on Thursday night, a largo audionco gathered to hear a leoture by Mr. James Brown on' Russia. Mr. A. Budden presided. Mr. Brown, who had lived fivo years near St. Potersburgh, gavo a graphio description of the country, the olimato, the manners, anel the oustflms of the Russians. At intervals Mrs. Woynton sang somo selections of muslo. Mr. Clarko pre sldod at tho organ. A vote of thanks to tho lecturer was proposed by tho Rov. J. Jones, seconded by Mr. Woynton, and carried with acclamation, A oollcotion was taken up in aid of the manso fund. Tim Rov. J. Ewen, of Sydnoy, has just brought a week's ovangelistlo meetings to a close at Berry. The services havo been well attended. In oonneotion with tho botanical, entomological, and pathologicnl collections for national prize competitions during 1801, it was dccldod to offor speoial prizes for the bent collection of pressed, mounted, and named indigenous grasses ; for tho most completo collection of injects injurious to Australian vegotution, and their uaturul onomics and parasites ; and for tho most complete col- lection of preserved internal and oxternal parasite» of etook. Tho roport« in euob case having beon submitted, Mr. Slattery (tho Minister for Minos and Agrloultnro) has approvoel of tho awards being distri- buted iw follow :-1. Mr. W. Afflock, Gundaroo. >2. Mr. W. W. Froggart, Bonito, M'Grogor stroofc, Croydon. 3. Mr. W. Porrio, Holt-stroet, Surry Hills. The number of onírica was not as large as could bo wished, but that faot did not dotraot from the merit of tho oolloctions submitted, whioh wero of high oxcollonoo. It is hoped, how- ever, that publicity and a full approolation of tho educational value of suoh collections will in oourno of timo rendor tho compstitlons popular. Mr. Affiock's collection of grasses was an objoct of admiration at tho recent Royal Agricultural Sooiety's Exhibition at Sydnoy. Tho roport on tho competition for tho nationnl prize for onsilugo has also boen submitted, and tho Minister has approvoel of the following awards :-First prizo, Mrs. Macarthur-Onslow, Camdon Park ; pocond prize, Messrs. N. A. Gatenby, Jemalong, Forbes ¡ oommendod, Mr. F. O. Hibblowhito, Millthorpe. Yesterday morning a te;,t of a now washing machino known as tho Austin Patent Porfoot Washer was made in tho prosonce of eovoral porsona at 102 Coopor- Btroet, Surry Hills. Tho patentee oxplainod tho advantages of the maohine over other waohors, and the iipectators oxprossoel their entire satisfaction with tho manner in whteh the machino worked. It was stated that tho washer upon whioh tho test waa made hod beon In oonstant uso for 12 months, and had always workod as well as at the trial. In the Distriot Court yesterday the ouse of Mason v. Harris, a olulm for £200 duinages, for alUjgod unskilful dental treatment, was con- tinued, and stands part hoard. Tho Court was crowded all day. On Sunday afternoon Juno Roberteon, 35, n widow, lately residing at 30 Dawson- stroot, Surry Hills, died rather suddonly. On the 3rd instant Mrs. Robertson bocamo ill, and about noon on Sunday sho grow worse. Drs. Gwynne Hughos and M'Cullongh wera Bent for, but tho woman nover recovered, and gradually sank and diod. Tho doctora declinod to givo u certificate, and tho matter was reported to the ooronor, who will hold an inquost this morning. Dr. Milford has modo a post mortem examination of tho body. YESTEnDAY aftoruoon a boy namod Francis Ford, residing with his fathor, Mr. John Ford, 'furaman of No. 2 Fire Station, Gcorgo-atroot West, fell off a tram while in motion in George street Wo3t, und recolvod a severo shaking. Ho was taken to tlio Priuoo Alfred Hospital by Con btablo Carmody and was admitted. James Tuixoon, 24, a seaman, resitting at'the Butohcr'B Arms Hotel, Harris- ptroet, was admitted to the Sydnoy nospitul yesterday, suffering from paralysis of the fuco. On Saturday laul ho fell down tho hold of a ship and remained there till tho noxt morning, when ho had Biiffloiontly recovered to climb to tho deck and got nshoro.. A i^.nounKa namod John Cox, of Nelson-atreet, Nowtown, whilo passing along Pyrmont bridgo last evening, returning from work, was knooked down and run ovor by an omnibus. The wheols of the vohlolo passed over his right log bolow tho knee, causing a compound fracturo. He was at once taken to tho Prince Alfred Hospital and admitted by Dr. Diok. Members of the Pastoralists' Union of New South Wulos aro uotillod by oilvortisoinont in auothor column that nu extraordinary general meeting of inombora will bo held at the hoad olhYo, Exchatige corner, at U o'olnck this morning. Tho meeting is called to consider certain suggested alterations of the rules. At the thirty-sixth annual meeting of tho Church Society or Home Mission Fund of the dioeoso, to bo held this evening in the hall of tho Y.M.O.A., It is announoed that his Excellency the Earl of Jorsey will preside. Sin Henry Parkes is announced to deliver a lecture to-morrow ovoning before tho members of the St. Paul's Young Men's Union. 