THE IVORY GATE, By Walter Besant. Chapter xxx.— Atiielstan's Discovery. On the evening of that same day the same dis covery was made by another of the persons obieily concerned. You have seen that Atbclstan on his roturn inadc haste to And out the commissionaire who had presented tho forged cheque. Happily, the man remembered not only the circumstance itself, but also his employer ou that occasion. A generosity far above what is commonly found umong those who employ the services of that corps ondearcd and preserved the memory of the day. He had received, in fact, half a sovereign for an eighteen penny job ; and tho commission aire is not like the cabby, to wbom suoh wind falls are common. Not at all. With tho former we observe the letter of the law. After eight years this man's memory was rewarded. This thrice blessed job produced yet more goldeu fruit. Heard one ever of a more proliflo job? After breakfast, Atbclstan was informed that a commissionaire desircd'to speak with him. It was his ono armed friend. 44 Beg your pardon, sir," he said, saluting after tho military manner — 44 you said I was to como and toll you, first thing, if I found your man for you." 44 Certainly. I told you also that I would give you a £5 reward for finding my man, as you call him. Well— I will be as good as my word, if you have tound him." 44 1 saw him yesterday. The very same old gentleman that sent mo to the bank that day. He's older, and lie doesn't look so jolly, nnd he walks slower ; but I knew him at once." 44 Oh 1 are you quito sure ? Because a resem blance, you know 44 Well, sir, I can swear to hini. I remember him as well as I remember anybody. He sat in the chair, and he laughed, and he said, 1 You've been quick over tho job, my man. There's some thing extra, bcoausc you might havo dropped the money down a grating, or run away with it, or something,' ho says. 4 Here's half a sovereign for you, my mail,' nays he ; 4 and I daresay you can do with it.' 4 1 can so, sir,' I says, 4aud with as many more like thorn aa I can pick up.' Then ho laughod, audi laughed, and we both laughod. — And that's the same mail that I saw yesterday evening." 44 Oh! this is vciy curious. Aro you quite sure?" 44 I'd swear to him anywhere. A man can't Bay fairer." 44 No— as you say— a man can hardly say fairer, cau he? Now, then, when did you sec him ?" 44 It was between 6 and 7. I'd been doing a message for a gentleman in the Strand— a gcntloman in the dining room lino to a gentle man in Holborn in tbe sausage and tripe line, and I was going hack with a letter, and going through Lincoln's Inn for a short out. Just as I was getting near the gate to the Fields, I saw coming out of tho door at No. 12 tho very man yon want to find. I wasn't thinking about him, not a bit— I was thinking of nothing at all, when he come out of the door and walked down thoBtep. Thenlkncwhim. Lord 1 1 know him at once. 'You're tho tnnn,'I says to myself, 4 as give mo the half sov. instead of eighteen- pence.' Well, I stood at tho corner and waited to soo if he would remember mc. Not a bit of it. Ho stared at me hard, but he never rcool- lected me a bit— I could see that. Why Bhould ho ? Nobody remembers tho sorvant any moro than they remember the private m tne ranks. The very same old gentleman ; but he's grown older, and ho didn't look jolly any more. P'raps he's lost Ills money." 44 Came out of No. 12. did ho? Why, Dering and Son's office is there. What does this menn ?" 44 1 thought I'd like to find out something moro about him ; and I thought that a five- pound noto was bettor worth looking after than eiglitcenpenco— so I lot the letter from the tripe nnd sauBSge mail lay a bit, and I followed my old gentleman at a good distance." 44 Oh ! you followed him. Very good. Did you find out where he lived? I can tell you that. He went to No. 22 South-square, Gray's Inn." 44 No; ho didn't, sir. — But you aro not very farwiong. He went through Great Turnstile ; then ho crossed Holborn nnd turned IntoFeathcr- stone Buildings, whioh is all lodging bouses. But he doesn't live there. Ho walked through tho buildings, and so into Bedford Row, aud he stopped at a houso there 44 What! In Bedford Row ? " 44 Yes; in Bedford Row— and he pulls out a latch key and lots himself in. That's where he lives. No. 47 Bedford Row, ou the west side, very near the bottom. Ho liveB in Bedford Row. — Well, sir, I like to do things proper, and so, to mako the job complete, I wont to the Salutation, Holborn, whero they keep a directory, and I looked out his name. Tho gentleman that lives at No. 49 Bedford Row is nnmod Edward Dering— and among tho names of No. 12 New Square, Linonln's Inn, is tho name of Doring and Son,— So, air, I don't think it is too much to say that your man is Mr. Dering, who belongs both to Bedford Row and Lincolu's Inn. , Has tho man who sont mo to the bank eight years ago." Atbclstan stared at him. "He tho man?" ho cried. 44 You aro talking imppeslbilities. He oan't he tho man." 44 Nobody else, sir. If that was Mr. Dering that I saw yesterday walking homo from Now Squaro to Bedford Row — he's tbo man who scut me for tbo money." To this statement tho mnn stuck firm. Nor could ho bo moved by any assertion that his position was. impossible. For, my friend," said Athelstnn, 44 tho man who sent you with tho cheque was tho man who robbed Mr. Dering." 44 Can't help that, sir. If the gentleman I snw yesterday walking from Lmooln'e Inn to Bedford Row woe Mr. Dering— thou bo robbed hissclf." , . ' 41 That's foolishness. Oh I there must be some explanation. Look horo I Mr. Edward Dering leavos his ofiioe every evening botween six and seven. I will be in New Square on tho west Bide this evening' at six. You no there, as well.- Try not to socm as If yon wero watching for anybody. Stand about at your case." "I'll mako it. sentry-go, sir," said the old soldier. " I'll walk up and down in front of the door same as somo of our oliaps got to do in front of shops. You trust me, Blr, and I won't take no notice of you." This littlo plot, in fact, was faithfully corrlod out. At six o'olook Atholslan began to walk up and down outside tho gate which opens upon' Linooln's Inn Fields— the commissionaire at the same timo was doing sentry-go in front'of No. 12 in Now Square. When the clook otruok six there was a rush and a tramp of hurrying feet, these were tbe clerks set free for the day. There aro not many solicitors' offices in New Square, and these once gone, tho placo becomes perfectly quiet. At half post six there was the footaall as of one man on the stairs, and he descended slowly. Ho came out of the door presently, an old bunt figure with white hair and shrivelled face. Paying no heed to the sentry, he walked away with feeble step ia tho direction of Chancery Lane. Checkley this was, on his way to look after his tenant and his property. Athelstan looked after him, through the gate. Then he called his old soldier. " See that man?" ho asked. "That's the man who sent you to the bank." " No— he isn't." The man was stout on that point. 44 Not a bit like him. That old man's a sorvant, not a gentleman. See the way he holds his hands. Never a gentleman yet carried his bands that way. You can always tell 'era by their hands. The other day I met on old pal— seemed to forget me, he did. Wanted to make out that he'd never been in the army at alL So I lay by for a bit. Then I gets up— and he gots up too. 4 Tcntion,' say s I, and he stood to 'tention like a good old Tommy Atkins. You watch their hands whatever they say. Always tell 'em by their hands. That old man he's a servant. He isn't n gentleman. He can't sit among the swells and order about tho waiters. Ho haBu't learned that way. He'd get up him self, if you asked him, and put the napkin under his arm and bring you a glass of sherry wine. He's not my man. You wait a bit." At a quarter to 7 another footstep was heat-d echoing up and down the empty building. Then an old man, erect, thin, tightly buttoned, wear ing neat gloves and carrying an umbrella, came out of the door. His face was hard, even austere. His walk was firm. Tho sentry, as this person walked out of the gato, followed at a distance. When he was beside Atbclstan, ho whispered : "That's the man. I'd swear to him anywhere. That's the man that sent me to tho bank." Athelstan heard in unbounded astonishment. That the man? Why — it was Mr. Dering him self 1 "Let us follow him," he whispered. 44 Not together. On opposite sides of the road. Good Heavens I this is most wonderful. Do not lose sight of him." To follow him was perfcotly easy, because Mr. Dering turned neither to the right nor to tho left, but marched straight on through great turnstile, across Holborn, through Fcatherstone- buildings, and into Bedford Row. At No. 49, his own house. Where else should he Btop ? Athelstan took out his purse and gave the man the £5. 44 1 don't know what it means," he said. 44 1 can't understand a word. But I suppose you have told me tho truth. I don't know why you should mako up a lie " 44 It's Gauspel Truth," said the man. 44 And therefore again— I don't understand It. Well— I've got your name and yonr number. If Iwantyouagainl will send for you." Tho man saluted and walked away. Haifa sovorolgn for an oighteenpouny job, and eight years afterwards £5 on aceount of the same job. Robbery, was it?' Robbery— and the old man pretonding to rob himself. Now what did that mean? Laying it on to somo poor harmless innocent cove, the soldier guessed ; laying it on to some ono as he had a spite against — the old villain— very likely this young governor — most likely— donations on aooonnt of that same job very likely — tbe old villain ! As for AtheUtan, ho returned to Lincoln's Inn Fiolds, where, tho evening being fine and the sun warm and the place quiet except for tho children at play, he walked up and down tho east or sunny eido for half an hour turning the thing over in his mind. For, you see, if Mr. Dering went through the form of robbing himself and finding out tho robbery and coldly Buffering the blame to fall upon himself — then Mr. Dering must be ono of the most phenomenally wicked of living men. Or, if Mr. Dering robbed himself, and did not know it— then Mr. Dering must be mad. Again, if suoh a thing could be dono on a small ecalc, it might be done on a larger soalo with tbe samo result — namely, suspicion to fall upon a blameless person ; obloquy to gather ronna ms name — ror in some cases simpiy to do ohnrged is almost aa fatal as to be convioted : and perfect impunity for himself. "This is not my own writing, but a forgery," said tho mnn who had been robbed. Then, who is tho forger ? You— you. Nono but you. The bare suspicion booomes a certainty in the minds of thoso who were once that man's friends. And his lifo is cankered at tho outset. He thought of his own life; tho bitterness of alienation and exile. Never any time for eight years when ho could oxplain the reasons of his exile. Debt, the culti vation of wild oats, fniluro to pass examinations — anything would do for such a reason except suspicion of forgery. Athelstnn was a cheerful young man. He seldom allowed himself to bo cast down by the blows of fate. Neverthe less, during his whole timo of exile, the drop of bitterness that poisoned (his cup was that ho could not tell tho wholo story becauso the world would believe no moro than half— that half, namoly, whioh contained tho accusation. When one walks about thinking, there comes a time when it seems no good to think any longer. Tho mind oan only get a certain amount out of a enso at one sitting. That amount absorbed, the best thing is to go on to something else. Athelstan wont on to dinner. He left his sister to tho oare of her young man, and dined by himself. He took n steak at a Holborn restaurant with an evening paper, which he considered profession ally. After dinner ho returned to his subject. Forhnps ho should get a stop farther. No— per haps on acoount of the sweet influence of dinner be got no farther at all. Here was an astonish ing fact. How to account for it ? You have soon— by ono of two ways— malignity unspeak able : or mndnoss — madness of a very curious kind— tho madness of a man whoso oalm cold judgment had made him appear to his friends as ono with an intelleot far abovo any ordinary weaknesses of humanity. Mr. Dering mad? Then tho Chancellor of tho Exchcquor, the Spoakor of tho Houso of Commons, tho Presi dent of the Royal Society, the President of the Institute of Civil Engineers, tho Cambridge Professors of Mathematics— all these men might bo mad as well. Anjl nobody to know it or to suspeot it, Mr. Dering mad ! And yet, if not, what what was ho? Tliero was one way. Ho had tried it alroady onoe. Ho left the restaurant and turned east wards. Ho was going to try Soutli-squnre, Gray's Inn, again. Perhaps Mr. Edmund Gray would be in his rooms. He wan not The door was shut. But the opposite door stood open, that of Freddy Oar- stono. Athelstan knocked, and was admitted with cloqucnoo almost tumultuous. 44 Just iu time," said tho oonoh. 44 I've got a now brand of whisky, straight from Glasgow. You shall samplo it Have you had dinner yet? So havo I. Sit down. Let ub talk and smoke tobacco and drink whisky and sodn." "I will do tbo talking and the tobacoo at any rate." "I lovo Virtue," said Freddy. "She- is a lovely goddess— for if Virtue feeble were, lieavon itself would stoop to 'her. She 1ms only ono fault There is roproaeh in hor voice, reproach in her eye, and reproach in hor attltudo. She is nn unoomfortnblo goddess. Fortunately, she (dwells hot in this'vcnerablo foundation. Do not imitato Virtue, old boy. Let me— That's 'right Wo Bball then start fair upon the prim- rose path — tho broad and flowery way— though I may got farther down than you. Atbolstan tho Wanderer— Melnoth the Wanderer — Child© Harold the Pilgrim— drink and be human. " Ho set the example. 44 Good whisky— very good whisky. Athelstan, there's a poor devil up stairs, starving for the most part— lot's have him down. It's a charity." He ran upstairs, and immediately roturncd with the decayed advo cate, who looked less hungry than usual, and a shade less shabby — you have seen how he borrowed of Mr. Edmund Gray through Elsie. 14 Now," said the host, 41 1 call this comfort able ; a warm August ovening ; tho window open ; a suspicion of fresh air from the gardens ; soda and whisky and two men for talk. Most evenings one has to sit alone. Then there's a temptation to— to close tho evening too quickly." 44 Freddy, I want to hear moro about your noighbor. You told mo somothing, if you re member, a week or two ago." 41 Very odd thing. Old Checkley at tho Salu tation is always pestoring about Mr. Edmund Gray. What has he to do with Mr. Edmund Gray? Wanted me to answer his questions." 44 And mc," said Mr. LangUocne. 44 1 did answer them." 44 Well — Mr. Edmund Gray is— What la ho? An old gentleman of cheorful aspect, who is apparently a Socialist. Wo roust all be allowed our littlo weaknesses. All I ask for is " — he reaohed his hand for tho whisky. 44 This old gentleman carries his hobbies so far as to believo in them seriously. I'vo talked to him about them." 44 1 have hoard him lecture at Camden Town," said tho barrister. 44 1 go there sometimes on Sunday evening. Tboy have a tea feast with bam aud cake and toast. It is a pleasant gathering. It reminds ono of tho early church. " 44 Well, Athelstan, what olse can I toll you? Hark !" There was a step heard ascending tho stairs. 44 1 believe that is the old man himself. If it is, you shall see him. I will bring him in." He went out to meet the unknown footstep on the landing. He greeted the owner of that footstep ; he stopped him ; ho persuaded him to step into the opposite room. 44 You must be lonely, Mr. Gray, sitting by yourself. Come in nnd havo an hour's talk. Come in. ThiB way. Tho room is rather dark. Here is Mr. Lang- home, your overhead neighbor, whom you know; and hero la Mr. Athelstan Arunuel, whom you don't know. Those who do know him liko him, exoeptfor bis virtue, whioh is osten tatious in one so young." It was now nearly 9 o'clock. Tho lamp was not lit, and the room lay in twilight It is tbo favorite shade for ghosts. A ghost stood beforo Atbclstan and shook hands with him— the ghost of Mr. Dering. "Iam happy," the ghost held out his hand, 44 to m&ke; your acquaintance, Mr. ArundeL An old man, like myself, makes acquaintances, but not friends. His time for new friendships is gone. Still, tho world may bo full of pleasant acquaintances." Ho aat down, taking a chair in the window ; the shade of the curtain fell upon his fnco, so that nothing could bo seen but a white circle. 44 Let us have candles, Freddy," said Athelstan. 41 By all means." Freddy lit a lamp on the tablo and two candles on the mantelshelf. By their light the lineaments and figure of tbcgliost came out more distinctly. Athelstan gazed on it with bewilderment ; bis head went round ; ho closed his eyes; he tried to pull himself to gether. He sat up ; he drank half a glass of whisky and soda, he stared stoadily at the figure he had not seen for eight years, since—. Good heavens ! and this man had done it himself ! And he was as mad as a hatter. Mr. Edmund Gray looked serenely cheerful. He lay back in the long chair, his feet extended and crossed, his elbows on the arms of theohair, his finger tips touching ; his faco was wreathed with smiles ; ho looked as if ho had always found the world the best of all possible worlds. Athelstan hoard nothing of what was said. His old frieud Freddy Carstone was talking in his light and airy way, as if nothing at all mattered, no was not uxpuuLuu to soy uiij wuug. Freddy liked to do ail tho talking for himself — therefore he sat watching a man undoran illusion so extraordinary that it mado him another man. Nothing was changed in him— neither features nor voice nor dress — yet ho was another tnnn. ""Why," asked Atbclstan, 44 why did he writo that chequo for seven hundred aud twenty pounds ?" Prejently Freddy stopped talking, and Mr. Edmund Gray took up the conversation. What ho said — tbo dootrines which ho advanced — we know already. 44 Aud these things," said Athel stan to himsolf, 44 from those lips! Is it possible ?" At 10 o'olock Mr. Edmund Gray rose. Ho had to writo a lotter ; ho prayod to bo excused. He offered his band agaiu to Atholstan. 44 Good night, sir," he said. 44 To the pleasure of seeing you again." 44 llavo we never met before, Mr. Gray?' Athelstan asked. 41 1 think not. I should remember you, Mr. Arundel, I am sure," Mr. Gray replied, politely. 44 Besides, I never forget a face. And yours is new to me. Good-night, sir." (to be continued.) 