HI.US OF INTEREST. [OmomAXAND SELECTED.] The lately arrived Young Lady is the first Princes* boin to a Queen of Prussia for eigbty-four year«. The calf of the cow that recently tossed Gladstone is to figure at the World's fair. I This is playing sensationalism for all it is worth. There is a priest at Saratoff, who during the cholera riots, was attacked by a mob, one of the leaders exclaiming : " That is the prieat who buried me alive ; I have just risen from the grave " Although the people were crying " Stone him !" the priest kept his com- posure. " If you have just risen," he inquired of bis assailant, " how is it that you are already drunk ?" The answer is not recorded. The priest evidently thought his «BBailant had returned from a place where drink may not be had for the asking. The Right Hon. "W. B. Dalley had been dead four years on Friday. A German officer named Puttkamer, said to be a nephew of Prince Bismarck, is now in the New York " barracks" of the Salvation " Army." It is generally believed that the late Bishop of Gouíburn's death was mach hastened by the warfare of certain of his people. Now it is announced that the strife will not end with the good old man's death, but that the interment of his body in his cathedral pre- cincts to-day is to be resisted. A tragic incident occurred in the Prince of Wales' Theatre, Carmarthen, Wales, on Sep- tember 22. The leading actor, Mr. Maitland, fell dead on the stage after engaging in the great struggle which takes place in the last act of the " Two Orphans." A cane containing ladies' mantles, valued at about £60, was sent to Ballarat by train, which arrived at 435 from Melbourne. When the officials proceeded to unload the track they found that the case had been opened and the contents stolen. The tarpaulin covering the truck had been cut through to get at the case. Some excitement was caused to-day by a grave-digger in the Church of England ceme- tery, Launceston, unearthing a manacled skeleton. Mr. Hartley, Police Magistrate at Blackall, Queensland, wires to the Under Colonial Secretary, stating that an inquiry into the burning of Evora woolshed was held at the .station, and the evidence indicates that arson bad been committed. Two witneBBes state' that they were looking at the shed from opposite directions about a quieter of an hour before the alarm was given ; there was then DO sign of fire. When the alarm was given only a small fire could be seen oppobite the main door. This spread with great rapidity, and in fite minutes the shed was blazing from end to end, and within about 20 minutes was totally destroyed. The shed waB valued at £2000. 120 bales wool and two woolpresses were burnt, nothing being saved. A clockmaker named Chamballand baa com- pleted an ingenious timepiece, in the making of which he has spent 25 years. Four dials mark London, Pans, Geneva, and Bome time. It chimes and plays nine airs, while 43 figures of men working at their trades are set in motion. Shoemaker, Bweep, butcher, sawyer, joiner, organ-grinder, and flute-player lead off, and others, from the baker who bakes to the concierge who rings the bell, follow, four dancers dance a measure, and soldiers u file past the French flag, keeping time to the tick-tack of the pendulum. The figures are more lively than those on the town clock on the tower in the market street of Berne. An artesian bore is to be put down at I Coonamble. One of the " humours" of the failure of the Oriental Bank-a failure grim enouph on the whole-is the letter which Mr. Budyard Kipling sent to the officials on hearing the news. Mr. Budyard Kipling, as already stated, was interested to a considerable extent in the bank, and he wrote Btrongly, as may be Buppoeed ¡ but he aleo gave vent to h'iB feel- ings by several pen-and-ink drawings upon the envelope. One of theBe depicted a grave surmounted by a tombstone bearing this legend : " Here lie the remains of the New Oriental Banking Corporation, awaiting a glorious liquidation." While watching the Clarendon Cricket eleven, one of the junior clubs, practising at Geelong (Vic), a few days ago, ayoong man named Frederick Hurst was struck by a cricket ball on the ear and partially stunned. He recovered, and was able to walk home, but about midnight he ¿ied. He leaveB a widow and family. Vernet, the French painter, was once travelling from Versailles to Paris in the same compartment with two ladies whom he had never seen before, but who were evidently acquainted with him. They ex- amined him very minutely, and com- mented upon him quite freely. The painter was annoyed, and determined to put an end to the persecution. Aa the train passed through the tunnel of St. Cloud, the three travellers were wrapped in complete darkness. Vernet raised the back of his haod to his mouth, and kisBed it twice violently. On emerging . from the obscurity, he found that the ladies had withdrawn their attention from him, and were glaring contemptuously at each other. Presently they arrived at PariB, and Vernet, on leaving them, said : " Ladies, I shall be puzzled all my life by the inquiry, ' W hich of these two ladies was it that kissed rae ?' " A wag who attended one of the lectures delivered by Mr. B. Crabbe, G.L.V.D., wns asked by a friend if he could explain the meaning of the initials attached te the speaker's name. " Garrulous Lecturer in the Vulgar Dialsct" was the prompt aDd appropriate reply. Fair woman was made to bewitch ; A companion, a nurse, A blessing, a curse, Fair -woman was made to be-which ? Horace Greeley-he naed to tell the story himself-once pent a claim to a Western attorney for a collection, the attorney to keep half the amount ,for bia' fee. After a time Mr. Greeley received the following note from the lawyer : fi Dear Sir,-I have BUC ceeded in collecting my half of that claim. The balance is hopeless." A young man calling himself Lord George Sertie was arrested on board the steamer Bodondo on arrival in Melbourne from Syd- ney on a charge of obtaining jewellery from Hardy Broa., of Sydney, by means of a value- less cheque. He admitted the offence, and said he added Lord' to his name for con- venience of travel. He has a letter of intro- duction to Captain Cholmondeley, at Govern- ment House, Sydney. Eugene Saudow, who has been astonishing England and the Continent for some time with his feats of strength, showed a new performance in London a few weeks ago. He began by juggling a pair of 501b. bells. Then he displayed his agility by jumping in and out of three hogsheads while holding a pair of 561b. bells at right angles with his body After that an immense dumbbell-Fully 8 high-was brought on the stage. This was elevated with the right hand, and then lowered gently to the floor, when the bells opened, and outstepped two men, whose bodily weight totalled up 2751b. This, coupled with the bell, made the weight go well on to 3101b. a wonderful lift, apart from its cleverness The Roman column had a new feature attached to it. Instead of lifting up dead weights Sandow picked up a couple of big men and elevated them with the greatest of ease. He also went through a see saw act, performed by a couple of horses whilst Sandow supports them on his cheat. The horses are almost as well trained as the great athlete is. The concluding item of Sandow's entertainment ÍB not only clever, bnt it is decidedly dangerous. His assistant, Dual, climbs to the top of the Trocadero and haogs head down from a trapeze. He then drops three sacks of corn on to his master's neck, th6 latter supporting the immense mass, besides sustaining the repeated shocks, which are enough to crush an ordinary man into the earth. During the rendering of the international spectacular song and chorus, " The Flag of Sunny South " at the Wickham Industrial Exhibition on Friday evening, the eagle beaded banner of "Liberty" (Misa Lloyd) was noticed to be draped in crape, and as the curtain slowly rose on the allegorical repre- sentation the Fourth Regiment Band played a few bars of the " Dead March." During the scene the male portion of the vast audience uncovered. The impressive silence maintained whilst the above and " Hail, Columbia " was being played, spoke louder than a thousand brazen serpents of the deep sympathy felt, not only by the audience present, but through- out Australia and the world wherever a Saxon or Celt may be found, or their descendants, for the bereaved President of the great Re- public in hia grief. It waa a tribute to the cLemory of his inestimable wife, who has jost gone on before, an evidence that in joy or in sorrow " all the world's akin." During the week ending Friday 3013 bales of wool reached tbe Newcastle sheds, which brings the total arrivals to date of this season to 24,170 balee, being an increase of 6389 bales, a» compared with the corresponding period of last season. New Zealand cyclists are adopting the cash prize« system. West Australia is following suit. Mr. John HollingBhead describes the Imperial Parliament as a " doll which, requires a hundred millions to be dropped into the slot tbat it may squeak ont the phrase s ' Home Kule' and ' Egypt.' " England, though, haB had many Governments whose mottoes were nofso popular as " Home Eule" and " Egypt." Such a close personal likeness is alleged to exist between Mr. John Morley and Major M'Kinley of tariff fame that one of the Chicago papers in moved to say that Mr. Morley's portraits look more like Major M'Kinley than the Major himself doepj An epitaph in the churchyard of Sutton Valenee, Kent, claims for John Willes (1777 1852) that he was the first to introduce round-arm bowling. This honour is usually attributed to Lillywhite, or rather to his sisters, who found the nnderhand delivery unsniled to their style of dress. George Moore, Maitland'a veteran cricketer, was one of the firBt to UBO round-arm bowling in the colony. Demondrille Junction railway station, near Murwillumbah, was burnt down on Thursday night at about nine o'clock. The cause of the fire is at present unknown. Some of the office furniture and telegraphic instrumento were saved, but the tablet instru- ment was so damaged as to cause interruption in the traffic. The commissioners, who are at present on a tour of inspection on this line, were at the station at the time of the fire. Hotelkeepers are ineligible for a seat on the magisterial bench, although^ the highest members of the judicial bench are called from the bar. The South Australian Premier announced on Thursday night that the Income Tax Bill would provide for the exemption of building societies. Mr. A. Loy, stationmaster at Gosford, haB been promoted to Albury. Bishop O'Mahony, of Toronto, late of Armidale, died recently. ' The " tote " nuisance is said to have become so ereat in the principal thoroughfares of Melbourne that the police have signified their intention of suppressing it. The shopkeepers will make a fine haul during the next two weeks racing in Victoria. Afterwards they will be satisfied to close up for a time. For the fortnight ended last Saturday the time worked by the undermentioned collieries was ss follows :-Seaham, 9 days ; Stockton, Borehole, Waratah, and Duckenfied, 8 days each ; Lambton, 7% ; Sea Pit, 7 ; Back Creek, 7; Newcastle A. Pit, 5; Hetton, 4& ; New- castle B. Pit, 4J; Wickham and Bullock Island, 4i; Burwood, 4; West Wallsend, 4} ; Ferndale, 4 ; East Lambton,3£ ; Walls- end, 2 ; Dudley.li ; and Northern, 1$. I Champagne will be dear this year. The vintage in the champagne districts promises a much smaller yield than UBUBI, although the quality is-excellent. William Wilson, brother of James Wilson, who was found drowned the other day, has also been found in the Yarra on Friday. Suspicions are entertained that one of them murdered the other and then committed suicide. Harris Goldstein, a Sydney bigamist, was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment in Melbourne, and blessed the judge. A report has reached the police at Burke- town that Ben Bridges, the New South Wales convict, who burnt down the gaol and was supposed to be eaten by alligators whilst escaping, has been seen alive in the neighbour- hood of the Northern Territory. The border police are endeavouring to effect a recapture. Cheating the cholera demon is being tried in China, where the epidemic is as severe as in Bussia. The Chinese want to deceive the malignant-god of the pestilence into the belief that the cold weather has come to put a stop to the plague. So at Chungking recently they went through the ceremonies of the Chinese New Year. But the cholera demon iras too wide awake to be deluded, and claims his daily share of victims jost the game. The following earlier instances of the use of the phrase "Nose out of joint" are given in Naree's " Glossary" :-" Who . . . was verie well assured that it could be no other than his owne manne that had thrust his nose so farre out of joynte."-Riche's "Farewell," 1581. "Standing on tiptoe, looking toward the door to behold a rivall, that he would put his nose out of joint." Armin's " Nest of Ninnies," 1608. " And why so, I pray you, but that you leve him better then me ? And fearing now least this wench which is brought over hither should put your nose out the joynt . . . and so have such a trimme fellow herselfe." -" Terence in English," 1614. " He prayeth well who loveth well, Both man and bird and beaat. He prayeth best who loveth best All things, both great and small ; For the dear God who loveth us, He made and loveth all." " What is the use of a mosquito ?" has long been asked in vain. Havana answers the question. These pests convey the yellow fever germ by their bite, and their inoculation i is so gentle that the sufferer has only a mild attack and is safe for ever afterwards. Gleeson, who was hanged in Brisbane last week, applied to the governor of the gaol on the Thursday previous that he should be allowed to entertain a fellow murderer named Moneado at a banquet.' He enclosed a menu card, consisting ot several elaborately-pre- pared courses. The request was, of course, refused. The export of coal from Newcastle to foreign and intercolonial port» during last week only a'mounted to 23,545 tons. Mr. William Davies, of the Illawarra ! Foundry, is certain that the iron ore in the [ Illawarra district would justify the erection of an extensive plant for the production of pig iron. The same belief exists with regard to the Port Stephens iron ore. Cardinal Moran will visit Cooranbong on Saturday next, when he will bless the new Convent of St. Joseph. The foundation-stone of a new church at Adamstown will be laid by the Bishop of Newcastle on Friday next. The Liverpool (Eng.) Post tells of a work- man in receipt of 46s a week who took the crib from under hie invalid boy and sold it to get drink, and of a professional gentleman's Bon who was brought so low by his craving for liquor that when his child died be had to j put it ÍDto a Btarchbox and take it to the cemetery on a tramway car. Mr. Citimann*: " Where in creation is that furnished cottage I rented for the summer ?" Rural Carman : " Bight over yonder, sir, be- hind your wife's trunk.' A Yorkshire farmer was asked to the funeral of a neighbour's third wife, and, as he had attended the funerals of the two others, his own wife was rather surprised when he declined the invitation. On being pressed, he gave his reason with some hesita- tion : " Weel, tha sees, lass, it makes a chap feel a bit awkward like, to be allus accepting other fowk's civilities when he never has nowt o't sooart of his own to ax em back to." A live dusky petrel was found at Sheffield in a fish truck. It is believed to be the only specimen in England. 206a stray dogs were captured in London Btreets in August, and 177 persons were bitten by dogs. An ostrich, 10ft. high, found in Central Africa, is being sent as a present to the Queen. It is proposed in America to raise £20,000, and start an orchestra ta play nothing bet American muaic. Bents will shortly be low in the States. The police force in Paris is very indeqoate to the turbulent and criminal element con- tained in the city. So 1200 additional gardiens de prix will be enrolled at once, bringing np the total strength to 8000. It is not generally known that the Pinker- ton detectives are specially sworn in as constables. The evil of totalisators and consultation sweeps was the subject of a petition from the Baptist Union presented to the Legislative Assembly. The petitioners asked for legisla- tion on the subjects mentioned, and for the prevention of the publication of betting in- formation in the newspapers. The new railway District Superintendent, Mr. A. Duff, arrived in Tamworth last Wed- nesday, and in company with Mr. Bicbard 8on, the outdoor superintendent, made per- sonal inspection of all stations under his control. Amongst other things, which have been decided upon is the appointment of night officers at Walcha Road and at Breeza. The necessity of the appointment has been long recognised by the local officers, and will be a great relief to certain members of the staff, who have, since the abolition of the night staff, been compelled to perform night duty in addition to their usual daily work. A new railway to connect the Coal Creek Proprietary mine with the railway system of Victoria was opened OD Friday. In this district the Victorian Minister of Mines estimates that there are 10,000 tons of good market coal. A schoolboy, who broke his arm by falling downstairs at Balmain, obtained a verdict of £15 against the Education Department on Friday. A young man named William Henry Duff has been committed for trial at Orange for having in his possession counterfeit notes on the A. J. S. Bank. It is 277 years since Cervantes published the first part of " Don Quixote." Since then 1324 editions have appeared, comprising 528 in Spanish, 304 in English, 179 in French, 99 in Italian, 84 in Portuguese, 45 in German, l8 in Swedish, nine in Polish, eight in Danish, six in BuBsian, five in Greek, three in Boumanian, four in Catalan, one in Basque, and one in Latin. Probably no book save the Bible has passed through so many editions, not excepting Shakespeare. The Z-Histories gave a performance a few nights ago. The piece was "Hamlet," and Gus Snobberly played the ghost. Gns expressed his lack of confidence in himself, but the manager reassured bim by saying, "Now Gus, all in the world you have to do is to come in and say, ' I am thy father's ghost,' and you must do it in a deep, sonorouB voice." Gus said he would try and do his level best. When the ghost's turn came he spoiled the tragic effect of the whole perform- ance by saying, " I am thy father's ghoat, and yon must do it in a deep, sonorous voice." Mr. D. E. Crawford, of the United States Fish Commission, says that before two years are over he expects to have produced a bone- less shad fish by cross- breeding with the flounder and Japanese edible jelly fish. It will not be absolutely boneless, but as much 00 as the flounder or the sole. An ingénions invention for night sig- nalling is said to have been tried at Devon- port recently on board the Defiance torpedo school ship An ordinary search light has been fitted with a metal screen, BO arranged as to either obscure the light altogether or allow it to be visible through narrow slits in the screen. The slits represent the letters of the semaphore, and the beams passing through them are expanded by the reflectors. Twenty words per minute is the average rate at which longhand is written. Chicago has a labour bureau which gives gratuitous advice to the poor on taw matter». Electricity in its various applications is said to give employment to 5,000,000' people. A tender for the fourth section of the railway to the Tweed Biver has been accepted provisionally by the Minister of Works. The contract amounts to about £230,000. One of the provisions is that the necessary money shall be subscribed by the public under the Funded Stock Bill. The inquests on the bodies of two infants found in the back yard of a house in Burren street, Macdonaldtown, were concluded on Friday, open verdicts being returned to both cases. On Friday the Funded Stock Bill was pre- sented to the Governor, and received the vice-regal assent. It is anticipated that within a few days the stock will be ready for issue. At the Stock Conference in Auckland on Friday a motion waa carried that the Tas- manian Government be requested to remove the restriction trom the importation of New Zealand cattle into that colony, seeing that no cattle disease exists in New Zealand. The Customs receipts on Friday amounted to £8559. Towards this the 10 per cent, ad valorem duty contributed £2728 and the 15 per cent. £410. On Tuesday last, at Galston, a raid was made by the fruitgrowers upon a baunt of flying foxes, when about 1000 of the vermin were destroyed. It is estimated that the haunt consisted of 15,000 flying foxes. The half-yearly meeting of the City of Melbourne Bank, Limited, was held on Friday. A dividend was declared at the rate of 10 per cent Upwards of £12,000 was carried forward. The groas profits for the half-year amounted to upwards of £42,000. Two sons of Erin, shovelling sand on a hot day, stopped to rest, and exchanged views on the labour question. " Pat, this is mighty hard work we're at." " It is, indade, Jimmy ; but what kind of work is it you'd like if you could get it ?" " Well," said the other, leaning reflectively on his shovel and wiping the perspiration from the back of his hand, " for a nice, aisy, clane business, I think I would like to be a bishop." To stop mouse-holes take apiece of common hard soap; stop the hole with it, and you will have no further trouble from that quarter. It is equally Tw effectual as regards rats, roaches, and ants. Full many a man who now doth cheat the printer, Will waste his voice upon the heated air, And vainly sigh for cooling breeze in winter When he is punished for his sins down there. In the the United States there are 673,643 Freemasons and 647,471 Oddfellows. In ordinary English writing " z" ocernrs 22 times where " e" occurs 1000 times. A French artist, M Ma rey has succeeded in photographing a flying inaect. The time of exposure was only the 1,2500th of a second. Two years ago a woman without arms was married to a blind man with one leg in Mel- bourne. They have just had their second pair of twins. Tut Byan beat C. Dunn in seven rounds in a boxing match in Melbourne on Sunday night. Considerable interest was taken in a police court case at Armidale-the Municipal Coun- cil v. Alderman Charles Wilson-as being a novel case, and" the first of the kind on record. At a recent meeting Alderman Wilson said in reply to an interjection by Alderman Dr. Murray, "Alderman Murray's conduct is most nngentlemanly, and he has consistently acted in a most discourteous and ungeutle manly manner toward me when I get up to speak :" and later on, in reply to Alderman Murray's threat that he would not attend the meeting unless Alderman Wilson withdrew his remarks, Alderman Wilson said, " So far as I am concerned, I don't think it would be much loss whether he did or not." On being called on by the Mayor to withdraw and apologise, he declined to do so, stating that what he had said was true ; and, in accord- ance with a resolution carried by a maj -rity of the council, Alderman Wilson was summoned to the police court for disobeying the ruling of the Mayor. After hearing the case at great length the police magistrate inflicted a fine of £1 and costs, remarking nt the same time that be was sorry this was the minimum fine fixed by the bylaws, else he would have made it much smaller. The fine was at once made up in small coins by the public. Napoleon III. surrendered his sword just 22 years ago at Sedan. The sight before he went to sleep with a pale face and a grey moustache, but next day, when be gave his sword to King William, his moustache was black and "the ends well waxed, and the imperial on his lower lip bad changed from white to blaok, and his pale cheeks were nicely zouged. A copy of Shakespeare having by some .means got into the library of Louis XIV. looked there " so queer, so unexpected and so uncouth" that the Boyal librarian, when making his catalogue, thought it proper to add to the name and title the following description of the book :-" Will Shakespeare poeta anglicus : This poet has a somewhat fine imagination ; his thoughts are natural, his words ingeniously chosen, but these happy qualities are obscured by the dirt he in- troduces in his plays." A Police Magistrate in North London tooh a step in a new and right direction in deal- ing with a dipsomaniac last month. A poor woman, aged 60, was charged with drunken ness in the streets, for the 251st time She was taken np on the same day on which she was discharged after her laBt term of imprisonment. The magia trate determined not to sentence her to another term, but remanded her while he Bent her list of convictions to the Lunacy CommisiionerB. It is very doubtful whether the Commissioners can do anything, as the law does not yet reeognise such a record of convictions as evidence of insanity. But the act of the magistrate will help to emphasise the urgent need of legislative provision for the compulsory detention of I habitual drunkards. Rain has fallen only twice in 29, years at Eden, Arabia. The great BDswtbetic, chloroform, waa dis- covered by Guthrie, 1831, und was -first employed in surgical operations in 1846. Checkers, or draughts, were known to the ancient Egyptians, and pictures 4,000 yearB old represent a quarrel over the game. It is stated that, by saturating a bullet with vaseline, its flight may be easily followed with the eye from the time it leaves the muzzle of the rifle until it strikes the target. The course of the flight is marked by a bean ti ful ring of smoke, caused by the vaseline being ignited on leaving the maizie of the gun. This smoke ring will remain suspended in the air for some little time after the bullet strikes, if the day is not too ' windy. Typhoid fever ia very prevalent in the Mudgee district. The fattest cow ever killed in Mudgee was ! slaughtered by Mr. J. C. Gunnell last week. i Shs* was a Hereford, bred by the Hon. G. H. Cos, and turned the scale at 8501 bs. C'n the outside of the ribs the fat was fully six inches in depth. Sbe was certainly not a profitable cow for a butcher, as the carcase was almost entirely composed of fat. The action brought by Mr, A. 0. Groom againBtthe proprietors of the Melbourne Ay to recover £10,000 damages for libel on account of the publication of certain articles reflecting on hiB conduct as a Parliamentary representative, was concluded on Friday be- fore Mr Justice Holroyd. The jury, by a majority of l'Ti-12ths, found a verdict for defendant. In the Criminal Court, Melbourne, on Friday, Mr. Justice Hood passed sentences on no fewer than five prisoners convicted at this month's sitting of indecently assaulting young children. His Honor commented upon the atrocious character of the crime, and imposed the heaviest penalties, viz., three years, with floggings in the worst cases. He also imposed the punishment of the lash in several cases of violent assaults. Our wool sale this year is already more than double the quantity of laut year, the figures being 53,352- bales for 1892 (so far) against 23,509 last year. But we must not commit the mistake of supposing that this means larger production. It may be only early delivery. There are in the Stephen's Creek Beservoir about545,000,000gallons of water, being suffi- cient for the supply of Broken Hill and its mines for l8 months. All that is wanted now is for the men either to go to work or to leave the town, and allow others to earn their money in peace. 