? • i ADAM LINDSAY GORDON. ScENB I. . The saa Is sinking in the west—4 Bemi-trppical sun that has mercilesslj poured its beams into every corner and crevice as If to explore tlje veiy essence of shade. Now its head is folded in smoke donds, and it sinks out. of sight, a lurid •tall of fire. A slight tremor—, a sigh as of relief, brëaks from longeD during Nature ; the fierce north wind dies away ; the fr<»gs wake to life in the swamps ; the insect troop rally .and form with a buzz, swelling louder every minnte as tfaey circle in and out among the lignum^ die parrots' chatter is heard again, and the little birds that have been panting-mth half extended wings in the tall gtmis,' drop down .for their evening bath. À tiiedioTBein^ildes^loTdy np^and dismounting, nnsaddlea lus h-»rse and prepares to "make a niglit of it " by the Reedy Lagoon. His presence give3 a touch of human interest to ihe f cene, and he seems keenly alive to its subtle beauty, and in touch with its loneliness. -The swift darkness is gathering now, nestling silently into every nook and corner, and spreading upward over the blue, softly striving to hide the heavens with a veil. But die culd, clear stars, are there, gazing with calm wonder, as if ignorant of ; a defeated purpose, and the shadows creep backward to^he earth. A light is spreading slowly over the horizon ; it grows brighter ; a glimmer of light trembles on the aark edge, and now the summer moon is slowly rising in dreamy splendor. A slight wind Stirs, seeming to herald tlie queen of night, rustles the long strips of bark that hang from the tall gums, and dies away with a distant 010911, like a troubled spirit. The wierdaess of ; the scene is heightened by the mopoke's dismal cry and the b»,oiu of the bittern that resounds over the still lagoon. And now the sort flood of radiance is stealing through the swamp, throwing-the lignum clumps into dark relief against the tall white shafts of the gums, and- quivering in their leafy erowns. ' Perhaps one needs to camp alone on a moonlight night to realise the dread charm of solitude—in a new land, dawned silence out of time ; unpeopled from the vast et?rnitieâ save with the legends of its dusky tribes, fast vanishing as-mist in the sunlight before the astonishment of civilization ; with its swamps still Bunyip-hannted, and its gloomy untrod forests peopled wi'h weird fancies. The transition from an over-civilised country—where every rood is hajlowed ; where Nature spreads her I calm lakes, smoothes the green sward, and scftly veils with moss and ivy the ruined toys of her darling. Man—to the wild freedom of savage, unknown wastes, rouses sleeping thought. . Problems the world fondly thought were buried for ever in their wordy graves, start to life. The mossy dells, rippling streams, vales and moorlands of the old land have found their poets, and exist as commentaries on his works. The veiy trees msy be suspected of sympathy with a race wliose baby feet have psttered <»n their antnmn leaves, whose manhood carved lovingly-entwined letters on their gnarled trunks, ajad old age tottered .with, bowed ; head and , bended eane .beneath their wide-spread bonghs, till the âay " came they laid their Wuarj bones to rest in theirshade, and thé roots findingouttheir resting place, carried the dust of brave hearts heavenwards in flowers. . The ghosts of a mighty past claim the rockbound coast ; the glory, of past suns linger in the twilight ; the winds' whisper and the wafers cry—"WTiai wouldst thou, oh stranger? we have lived in song ; we have found our poets, and are content." But the new land is untamed its heart beats high in wild throbs, and in painful importunity its untrod forests and dreary heights imwetuous floods and fieree droughts cry, "Through di.a thou sands of years we have waited read our nddle, and thé charm of solitude shall lie in thy lines ; the fierce rays of noonday shall tariy there ; the glory of the dawn, starlight, and the blue heavens shall-overshadow them, and, the voice of freedom-shall be heard ; then will -we be satisfied." And to the man lying on the rustling leaves the dream spirit beckoned. He starts up for:a moment with outstretched aims, but falls back with the inward moan, " Too late !" and as the moon chines over the tree-fops, he pulls his hat over his eyes and falls asleep. SCENE II. • . The day is dawning on Brighton each ; the pale light grows clearer s very moment, till w.* d^ect, standing mong the ti-trees, the figuie of a man. ' is hand is clasped round his- rifle, .and is face, which is turned 'towards the ea, wears a strange, set expression... ears have passed since that bight spent y the Beedy Lagoon (for our hero "is he same)—years bringing their measure f famé, disappointment, sorrow, and oy. A brilliant- bat wholly :-morhîd magination has played sad havoc with his life, and now the shady side -ha? ome uppermost. He lacks the patience to wait for brighter days-r^to, cull' the flowers of his growing famé, and hastèns prematurely to the " bourne from wliich o traveller returns." Forthe moment, as he stands gazing over the sea, the present is forgotten. He is far. away under paler skieë^ The grass is - green atid tlie dew still glistening on. the hawthorn ; the hands of ânotheir are, clasped in his, and their eygs are tfiëeting in die solemn morning flnsli. of pure love. Life selm» .beginning instead of ending. He is in danger of losing the key of thé opening Paradise, and waking to find himself still outside. He wrenches his mind away from the fasci nation -; he seems to ask himself Why he is there. The cloud of a great^effort! some <»nneëtio^yet^th^é;b63yiliat stands spmtV : and prèisenây ôt^^ •^e-HrïSiofi as with chill reyplsst m |;hè preset rashes in. He l^ais againsti tree/eTéry nerre qtiivering ^ wïtli exhàustion. and his fingera close i»nv^sively n)çrhd ^th.é' weapon ïy his side. He l^ W thonght of <leath now. - Tlie rippla«f the.. waves and tiie sîowly rïsing «un seem part of a filqw niiisic tHSt ; lenirounds him. ^ Bnt lips a lifeless form. _ fallen on the Inst scehe of tlve inlliam wayward life of Australia's greatest poBt. We«ao onlywhwper as we *»rn away, " Be mercifnl to liim jamd BBA "C. H. 