She extest Australian. V^GÏLANS et AUDAX. PERTH, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1892 The very wide publicity afforded to ever j detail of the Windsor and Rainhill murders may not unnaturally give rise to comparison between the two methods of conducting criminal investigations, the old and the new, the unsuccessful and the successful. The main element of the first is secrecy. IE a crime has been committed and the public are. unaware of the particulars, the efforts of the police will be as much directed to keeping the public in ignorance of the facts as towards tracking up and capturing the criminal., It has been remarked that a close acquaintance only with the bad side of human nature often leads a man to suppose that every one is a rogue until he has been proved to be honest. Perhaps it is from a strong belief in this infirmity of human nature that some police authorities have come to regard the public as their enemies, and as more likely to assist the evil-doer in evading capture than to further the ends of justice. It is, however, generally recognised that no theory could be more erroneous, and as a matter of fact in all countries where the officers of justice have reached a high degree of efficiency the old method of working in the dark, and obstinately refusing to let in light, has been abandoned, and in its place we have the modern system which recognises that society is necessarily hostile to its own enemies, and is even more interested than the police in their capture and punishment. Following upon this conclusion, all the more enlightened police authorities have long since recognised that the public should to a very great extent be taken into their confidence, and thus be able to co-operate in the detection of crime. That the old system has its advantages under certain circumstances may be admitted, in all political offences where popular sympathy is against the Government it is nothing less than essential. Where the Government not only does not represent the people, but is actively hated by them, there must, if the Government is to exist, be a secret police. No stronger comparison can be drawn between the two methods than that one is the system of a despotism, and the other that of a free people, who have chosen their own form of Government and loyally support it. The idea of close secrecy in police investigation has always been hateful to English people and when attempted it has scarcely ever failed to prove disastrous to the interests of justice. How- ever experienced and highly trained the staff of detectives may be, they are working in the dark. Information which would come to them if the progress of their investigations were circulated is withheld, because the people who could give that information have no idea that it is required. It is no idle boast to say that the greatest detective agency of the present day is the newspaper press. Scores of cases might be cited in which justice would have been frustrated, if it had not been for the amazing publicity which it is in its power to afford. Take the case at present in everyone's mind, the murders at Rainhill and Windsor. Under the old system of investigation, when the discovery of human remains was made at Windsor, the police would as far as possible have bound everyone with a knowledge of it to secrecy. They would have warned them against giving information to the newspapers and would have declared that if the murderer was to be captured not a syllable must be breathed to the outside world. A description of the supposed murderer would have been prepared, but as it would scarcely circulate beyond the police stations, to the public at large it would remain unknown. One of the first persons, likely to hear that the crime had been discovered would be the murderer himself r he having good reason; is to be on the alert, and while the police were groping about in a mystery, if not of their own making, at least of their own keeping, he would be given ample time to concert further measures against detection. As it was, very different steps were taken. The- newspapers were placed in full possession of all the facts. Descriptions of the supposed murderer? and everything, that could throw light on his identity. have by this time been published throughout the whole of Australia and the United Kingdom, to say nothing of other countries. The result has been that the publication of one clue has led to the discovery of another, until in an almost incredibly short space of time an overwhelming body of facts has been accumulated. Give the Detective Department of Vic- toria all the praise that is undoubtedly their due, and it must still be admitted that the complete unravelling of the Windsor mystery is- largely due to the exertions of the newspapers in giving the widest possible publicity to every detail. The chief credit, so far as the Detective Department is concerned, is that they appear to have freely places such information at the disposal of the press as they had, and that nothing has been regarded as too insignificant. In the Williams murder in 1312, to which we referred are w days since, the detection of the murderer was delayed for so simple a season as that the newspapers were not informed that the mallet with which the first murders were committed was marked with the initials " J.P." This was the one cure needed. Once that fact became generally known the evidence. aeenmnbted fast, and the case ceased to present any special difficulty. With regard to our own colony, the experience of the last few days has an phasised the fact of the obstinacy with which the police authorities cling to old and obsolete methods. It would almost appear as if they laboured under the baleful superstition that the public and the press the latter particularly- were their natural enemies. If it were really the case that a ukase had gone forth that the police were to throw every possible obstacle in the way of our re- porters, and were not even to stick at misleading them we could understand what has taken place in the last few, days. This has been more than usually noticeable since the arrest of Swanston at Southern Gross. To. obtain information has been a work of the utmost difficulty. Facts that should have been revealed have been concealed, and when they have at last been dragged into the light of day it has not been due to any aid from the Police Department. If the grievance were securely our own we should hesitate to refer to it. But it is much more important than that. It means that fact? are being withheld which the public has every right to know, and that the withholding of those facts may help to defeat the ends of justice. It is time that this ghost of the Crown colony system of government was laid for ever. We have no reason to be proud of its working in Western Australia. In a colony where, owing to the scarcity of population, the detection of crime should be especially easy it has left the murder at Roebourne and Sharks Bay, with a number of other crimes, mysteries never likely to be revealed. There has been more than one case, also, in which, though there was not the slightest doubt that the guilty party had been placed in the dock, the prosecution failed because the police had not provided themselves with a sufficient net- work of evidence with every mesh perfect. There can be no question that the failures of justice, which to this day remain a reproach to the colony, are in large part to be attributed so tactics which seem designed to exclude the light of perfect information and so prevent the detection of crime. It is absolutely necessary that a system which is still in force in countries like Russia, but which has long since been banished from the United Kingdom and the Eastern colonies, should no longer be allowed a foot- hold in Western Australia. 