THE STORYTELLER. AUNTIE. Bv M. V. C. As a mild example of the new womanhood Miss Brookley was perhaps worth a little notice. She had found, as many are linding, that the feminine mind is sufficiently elastic to stretch from Euclid to the making, say, of a collar ; that in both if point A does not coincide with point B the result is unsatis factory ; that a taste for l'ierre Loti can dwell amicably iu the same brain with a knowledge of cookery, and that, in fact, by taking life seriously one finds it amusing, or, at all events, interesting. Melbourne " society" knew her, but did not like her much. It considered her singular, almost eccentric. With plenty of money at her command, she dressed well but wore her frocks till they ceased to be tidy, whether they continued fashionable or not; she was known to decline a partner at a ball overcrowded with superfluous girls; she "diil the Block" when she happened to be in that neighbourhood, and took so sym pathetic and amused an iuterest in the other promenaders that she actually seemed un conscious of her own personality. Though certainly a self-respecting girl, she appeared on the lawn at Fletningcon without a Cup dress or pretence of one. Mullen's knew her as a subscriber who had the cutting of the leaves of many of their books, nor always the latest, but those that reposed on their shelves till she, or others like her, asked for them. On the whole this stately young philosopher got a good deal out of existence with very little trouble. But the following incident does not lielong to Constance Brookley's Melbourne life. One of her sisters had thrown herself awav,as every one said, on a certain lioberl Dudley, some ten years previously, and had followed his fortunes through a long series of unsuc cesses that ended in insolvency. At this I pass Connie suggested the plough as an in strument beloved of fortune, and backed her opinion with the work of her hands and the | whole of heryear's income. Within theyearthe I little farm buried in a lonely valley among j the Australian Alps became a modified ' success, and Connie bad the comfort of j knowing that her sister and her children were : at last on the way to prosperity. The Dudleys had two children, both.of : whom were very dear to Connie, especially : Doddle, the youngest—Doddle, who followed her about everywhere; who clung to Her i skirts and trod on the tail of her gown ; j who dipped his lingers surreptitiously into | her baking disb, after stray plums; who ' upset her writing-case; who mixed her wools ! and cottons inextricably with each other and I the hooks and buttons; who listened dis creetly to all her whispered confidences about ; an absent" George," and agreed unanimously ■ with all lier opinions of George. To tell of J all Auntie's kindnesses towards them is iin | possible ; but the supreme in their eyes was ; the making of a dough man and woman for | them whenever she baked—with currants for1 i eyes and buttons down the gentleman's coat Jand lady's frock—an interesting pair that grew very dropsical in the oven, but tasted ; well. ! On a certain Sunday at the end of January ; the sisters were alone in the house with the ; children. Mr. Dudley was absent on busi i ness. all the men were away, and their ser j vant had also departed without warning the I previous day, after the manner of her kind, i Though still early morning, tiie air was suffocatingly hot, a smoky haze hung over the valley, and on the parallel hills that shut in the little farm the sluggish bush lires crept lazily along, as if even they were oppressed by the heat of the sun. No rain had fallen for months, the creeks were almost dry, the surface of the roads was pulverised into yellow dust; the land was gasping uuder the breath of a long drought. Connie stood for a moment in the doorway looking down the valley, where a creek glinted through the fields of maize and barley. How strong and intelligent and beautiful she looked—such a perfect woman, thought her sickly sister, as she watched the tall, well-moulded young figure, with its un consciously proud carriage, moving about at household work. This Sunday morning a serious expression was in Connie's eyes, that as a rule were animated with the laughter her own sense of humour provoked. Doddle, the busiest of children, was hard at work on the back verandah. He had col lected the family boots—a self-imposed task lie performed every morning while yet in his nightshirt—and had arranged them in a row in the passage. His next task—to similarly dispose the clothes-pegs on the doorstep was a harder matter, owing to a disposition to roll on the part of the pegs, not to speak of the liability to having them ail swept off by somebody's gown in passing. From this occupation the beautiful black eyed child came in white and scared. His mother saw at once that he had sustained a shock of some kind. "What is iv Doddle? Come and tell mother." He hid his face in her bosom, but said nothing. " Wh'at have you been doing ?" " Doing nulling. Big bird bite me." " What big bird, dear?" " Nasty big bird," lifting his skirt to show the place. The mother glanced at Ins leg, hut seeing no mark, failed to understand, and so tea precious minutes were lost. For h while he seemed quite well, played with her brooch, find rubbed his little grimy hand up and down her face, till suddenly be began to ory, repeating "Nasty bird bite me," in a tone so convictive of pain that slie examined his more attentively, and dis covered on thfetniudle of his thigh two little specks of bldod like pin-pricks. The "bird " wasa venomous ennke^" In live minutes; Connie had made some rapid preparationSjftnd set off with the boy in her arms towards Fraukley, the nearest township. "I'm 'going through the hush," she said. " It is only four miles and a half. Being Sunday, the doctor is sure to be in ; so keep UP your courjge. It will be all right." Tifrt I Two roads led to Frankley; the long dusty "main roaiftbat Slnrtedthe bases of the WHS, and a Shorter Bush track that went up hill and down gully, taking everything in the way. The. spotter route had in places a solid wall of .scrub on each side, especially in the gullies, where the vegetation is always ranker tliinon the hi 11 -tops; in other places, however, it passed among the trees, more creese ,di8tmct;and^dircct, hut without the prptw&nglheage; to «eep the traveller's feet from stmying. IfS .reputation for directness led:;- fakd never ireversed this Ipatb befbre. tO choose it now, when - little | Doddle's life depended on the speed with winch she could reach the physician, and she entered, unthinking of danger, thankful that Edith could not see her baby's troubled expression, for the poison was beginning to j take elfect. ! The track, looking like a dirty white ribbon, rose straight up the side of a steep j hill, but without a thought of its steepness, or of Doddle's weight—and he was very heavy —or of the oppressiveness of the heat, she j bravely began'the ascent, while the bottles of j milk and of brandy she carried in a bag; clinked musically together at every step, sounding not unlike a distant church-bell m j the solitude. " Auntie, I dot a headache in my tum miek," wailed poor Doddle, who called every pain a headache. Auntie paused for a moment, and he was overcome by nausea that relieved him greatly. " Don't cry, darling. We are going to see the good doctor, who will make you better." Waiting no longer than was just sufficient to take breath, Connie plodded silently on, | up that dreadful hill till her head throbbed] painfully, and her ears were- filled " with rusjdng sound; upward, upward, only pausing- at frequent intervals to draw a singfepinger breath, or shake the beads of perspiration iroin her brow, till the summit was gained. Here she used the short respite to fondle and comfort the child, and draw his atten tion from his pain by pointing to the brouze lizards darting through the yellow grass. The track led downhill now to the bed of a creek, on the further side of which it mounted another very high hill. Seeing it, Connie sighed as she took up her burden again, kissing him tenderly. "Downhill proved almost as arduous as up hill ; the foothold was insecure, and the child in her arms prevented her from seeing where to place, her feet, so that they slipped more than once. To add to her distress his cries became piteous, and it cut her to the heart to hear liini wailing, " Auntie, auntie 1" when poor auntie could not help him. " I dood, auntie, I dood," he cried, not understanding why she did nothing for him, ami thinking, poor baby, that he must have been naughty, and-auntie was eony. She it was who drew out splinters, cured cut fingers and bruised knees and toothaches, telling pretty .stories the while that charmed away the pain better even than kissing the place did. But now she did not try to make him well, having, poor auntie, no breath for stories and- very little for kisses. _ ! At the creek she rubbed his chest with ; her warm hand, gave hhn some brandy and j water that lie 6wallowed with smiling eager ness, for was not this the medicine that was i to cure him? And then with set teeth she] faced the next hill. Half way up the track deviated a little towards the left, and the trees thinned con siderably, important facts that unfortunately escaped her notice. Iler one idea was to reach the top with as few pauses as possible; but when, by slow degrees, she did reach it, anil staggered panting to a fallen tree that offered a 6eat shaded from the intolerable glare of the sun, she had left the track far below without knowing it. " Turn home to mania, auntie," pleaded the little boy, looking into her face with pained, wistful eyes. "No, darling, not yet. We are going to see l)r. Temple and his funny little dog,1 Boss. You know little Boss who sits up and begs ? We will put a piece of biscuit on his j nose and make him jump." I Doddle tried to smile because auntie did ] so, but a spasm of pain contracting his face, Connie rose hastily to resume her journey. But now the mysterious disappearance of the track bewildered her so much that she did exactly what she ought not to have done, walked about in different directions looking for it, and when at last she j erroneously thought she perceived it near the bottom of the hill in the direction of Frank-1 ley, she made a short cut to the place to lind : herself hopelessly lost. Connie crew desperate, not for herself but for the cliijd. What more cruel position could she be in, knowing that her surest hope of suceour lay ^ in remaining where she was, while to do so [ meant abandoning Doddle to his fate? She; tnust find the track. So she wandered weary hour after weary hour, stopping only when the child's agony forced her, feeling not that he was heavy, for her limta grew accustomed to the exer tion, while the mental pain overcame und destroyed the merely physical; knowing not that she was bareheaded and that the fierce sun was l»eating on her unprotected head: finding no relief in tears while he remained conscious to be distressed by them; holding liiin close to her heart partly for comfort, partly for the warmth that even the 6corch-' mg sun-rays streaming between the knife-life leaves of the shadeless eucalypts could not impart to the cold little limbs; thus she staggered on, till late in the afternoon she saiik to the ground in despair. Auntie always wore a small gold locket, set with a single large brilliant—her lover's I gift, and containing his portrait. The chil dren always considered it a special treat to I be shown this locket und the picture within. " Dodd.v, my love, look at auntie's pretty j locket," she said, trying to rouse him. lie made no sign. "Darling, do look at auntie's locket," she urged, struggling to keep the tears out of her \oice. • With a moan the child strained his eyes towards her face. " Auntie gone," he whispered. " N'o, dear love, I am here," bending her! face closer to liith. lie 6aw licr, and smiled | faintly. j She held the locket down to biin, hut lie ] only strained his eyes in the wrong direction, i and murmuring, '' Yes, pretty," dropped his beautiful head wearily on her shoulder! again. Connie could not rest. She must give liim another chance. She did not know that the boy's fate was sealed from the first, that the cruel venom was absorbed and running in his veins before she set out with him. She , did not know. So, silently weeping over the [convulsed little form, or brushing the tears aside whilst she forced some brandy between his lips duriug the prolonged fainting fits, she dragged herself forward till at sunset she gave up the struggle. Then, seated on a fallen trunk, she watched through iter tears the glowing molten globe sink slowly earthward, while the hills, still glorious >vith ruddy light, were hasten ing to hide their scorched and tortured bosoms in a purple mantle of cool shadow. Just as the last rays shot upward the suffering child, who for hours liod made no attempt to speak, murmured something she could not under stand, "Holdyou tight, dearest? Is that it?" she guessed at lost with a kind of inspiration. A low murmur that may have been only,a moan she translated to ineau ,assent. Clasped closely to her bosom, her skirt wrapped round his chilled frame, in darkness and | silence, she held [him"for three hours, never relaxing her hold, lest the poor wee aotil | should miss the human companionship he liud asked for. The cold perspiration steamed from him, soaking her clotliino- ■ i,„ colder and heavier; his heart beatingfffi against lier breast, fluttered nml I' lluttercd .ml rtoppil, tilf riu. „ lSfPfi sigh, ins sufferings were over. Even she held him a few moments longer bef\ea she sl.nped from her scat and fainted, Jm? tlie coid little corpse m her lap. Day was breaking when she returned to consciousness a long swoon having snared her the desolate misery of the hot Juii night, The child was lying foci °iwS across her knee; the limbs in growing ririd had retained n pathetic expression of languor; the pretty curly head had drooped on one side ; indeed, but for the livid hue one might have thought that- he had fallen wearily asleep. But the icy dullness $ death struck through the girl's thin gar itself8' 6 Ler 118 001(1 almost 4 The shadows lifted slowly; a slight breeze laden with morning freshness and the aroma of the forest, rustled in the trees, whose uglier branches had already caught the sun light, iwo laughing-jackasses, perched on the blanched skeleton of a dead tree hoarsely mocked her sorrow with ill-timed merriment, and were answered by others farther off. Babbits scuttled over the hue ground, or squatted within sight of her'to nibble the dry grass. She had not noticed them yesterday, nor could she remember to have seen or felt any tliorns, though iioiv her amis were scratched and had been bleedm-* and her clothing was torn to pieces. It was with cpnsiderablc effort that she raised the child from her frozen, cramped knees. Then, after caressing him with tearful tenderness, 6he wrapped him in her cotton skirt, and laid him gently on the rugged trunk that had pillowed her un conscious head during the night. Something fell from the pocket of her dress. How her heart ached as she found it to be Doddle's cake, with the currants picked out, hut still preserving something of the human shape. 1 he child had carried it yesterday till in his increasing illness he had begged her to put it in her pocket for him "til! lie was better." ' Ah, poor little Doddle, surely you are quite well now" she sighed. The sight of the grimy morsel reminded her that she had eaten nothingfor thirty- sixhburs; neverthe less, hungry ns -slie was, she placed it on Doddle's breast, whispering, "I made it for you, sweet." Tlie sun rose higher and the warmth was very grateful to lier. " Shall I wait hero, or push on in the hope of meeting someone or finding h track," she asked herself wearily. "I must keep up my courage for, George's sake. I must take Doddle if I do; I should deserve to die alone if I forsookliim." Feeling almost sure of'the direction now she decided to go forwards. But to quench her intolerable thirst she must have water, and to get it she must push through the almost impenetrable'scrub to tlie bottom of tlie gully, where she could hear it murmuring over its rocky bed. To carry tlie boy down there was simply impossible; indeed, without him, she miglit fail to reach the creek. She must go alone ; but surely by keeping in a perfectly straight line, and retracing her steps with ease, she could not miss the place where she was leaving him. In any case, water she must have. Altera terrible battle .with the tangled undergrowth, slic reached the creek, drank, liilod lier bottles, and once more regained the hill-top, only to iind that she hail missed her way again, and could not discover the place where she bad passed the night > It is needless to follow her step by step. She simply wandered, keeping on > tiie crest of the ridge, and only forcing her way to tlie gullies to satisfy > her craving for water. Night found her weak, but not quite hopeless, seven > miles further from home, after travelling more than twice that distance; > for, try as one may to keep in a straight line, it is impossible where no > distant object serves as a goal. No friendly swoon to-night. Instead came fancies of evil aspect Ghosts, spectres, horrors of all sorts, read smilingly, and almost without a thrill, at her comfortable study lire, now came crowding wickedly into her overwrought brain. Tlie shrivelled body of some poor lost wayfarer like herself bad given the name of Corpse Gully to one of these creeks; perhaps he bad been found on the very spot where she was now lying! A little twig fell from overhead upon her shoulder—was it not a tap from a ghostly linger? A rabbit leapt across lier feet, send ing through lier shuddering frame a thrill. Then she felt 6uce she, could 6ee the pale corpse of Doddle gliding among the trees, a light playing about him and bis glassy eyes lixed reproachfully on her for leaving him. He was coming towards her. She closed her eyes, nlmoBt fainting, and wondered it sue were going mud. At last, exhausted, sne fell asleep. . , , , . She dreamt of her betrothed, and woke to find him kissing her. and crying over her in unutterable thankfulness. In the dun twi light of early morning she could percene Dudley and others, and knew that she was really found. How overjoyed they all were. Was this the beautiful, stately with long fair hair matted aud full of tvwBs and grass, with face and arms and necK burnt deep scarlet, and angrj-red scratelies visible through the rents mher clothinB. They did what they could for hei. mid then lifted her to the saddle in front George, and «et their faces homeward. " Yon will soon be better, dearest J lies cuts and bruises will not take long to'he.^ • "I hove lost Doddle," she whispered iwtit "lie has been found. Don't fret about it, Connie." . „ "1 did not Jeave him on purpose. "I am sure not But it was best as it was—rauchthfe best" " Poor-Edith 1" . ' , "Yes, she feels it dreadful!}, of course. But tbe dootor told her he did not suffer all, and I Grihk thatcomforte her. "But fee did. ?e^8UJ£e^J, child. But I did niy best, mj ier> best," site twbbed. iinve died " ltenlly, truly true, dear heart 