MI MIAMI, THINK. Beiliy, you know. I think you look quite !rc1, .iu Tilr new position. Thus gaily and" jce'i >usiy I addressed a skull upon which I had b- stowed much effort. Your coloriug is Vas'.y improved by your ether bath. If only > , Te a had int been lost. I suppose if I'd renamed from putting them in that > pill box W'ii; ' oae morning and evening,' i'tapis would have paid them the > compliment x being teeth, in e lead of strangling pills. picked them with > you when he sent vou on, J npver you mind, old chappie, I have _ "t-M ot a > way to get some more teeth. I'll !t!St 11 he pulls — if he 'a?:! i waul > them— ar. h -.ve.Ts rig you out in a (i ke"' an( ie.v -it h "alse ones. ' > rfevap ycu \v V, .. v;. c iot lot in your jr. J ' u fihall have ti'ce little > toofie. You pi'."1- cren adpt the v 'vrebr-rs'.ble habit of Tn(TUi? if rou > '" too ugh I'd rather :or— o v;ord in the hole where u'ij, U eL; to be- you > nre now too tony a Y toiiappie mine, for that tort of thing. oiiino"fc > cu?koa to sit on and 4 functus fcaxir, , 0n Iour cranium, not to speak of a > " to"1' wer maxillary articulated with of i!? + . Suppose we put your jaw > out ..ij'1'.' ,ay child. You have such a fetching ty 0'1 its twisted to one > side." e.okf V'ie thiBS happened; the skull iolr X J god enough to keep > firmly iT me'" and sai,i it; 6lowly inSuttrieyift Vtias.a £ileac'3 of > upwards of five On r.ir' X- -jy lr aasiimed an upright position cainvrr-v, 1 > +f ln;onveniGnt to the working ol ' thabi4 5,ieided t0 the sought the floor. > My paf h' — V'11 eyes feoSnia£g!d?h ther 5 COm lh - ;,iT'o,conU!i,,oa to > «-"' the smbartaS and the still S3 grew Ghost Plral,y 1 said, "CaSar-s ,!&' > J waited some time, earsrtiusf havo began to think my t ratoiv wTed me' 1 > determined not dreadful dole i slid 'n- feeiin myself a , " 1 teg your SS m > V\hiePer : 6kulh to gpeak V » 18 ifc caatomary for promptly are spoken to," > came back cumheutfeon ad>3t begun to seek a dicular. j BtA-rm'a vlIi.a8eamed > theperpen- "SIsttedthet Llt'"4- the„ whioh t&5Sui stoSdT 8 01 th6 Notomg would hays induced me to get it : Thing might have jumped at my head ir bitten off my nose with its articulated jaws. So I gazed at old chappie with a feeling anything but affectionate, and mentally de- i nominated him 44 Old Devil." But after this internal ebullition of . anger I broke into j a cold perspiratiou. For all I kqew he might be able to read my thoughts. / If it was the man who used to live in him was now making night hideous in this manner, why shouldn't he be able tp step inside one's anatomy and read one's thoughts as fast -as the thinkihg machine produced them.-- Good heavens ! I braced myself for eternity, but the minutes went by and I still breathed the mundane air. I pulled myself together. Here I was six feet tall and a football player ; was I to be brown-beaten by tbat bony old thing ? I had always wished to see a ghost if there were such affairs. There was evidently a strong super natural atmosphere rampant now. Why not make the most of it ! r So I reopened the conversation by timidly re marking, " Well, I never new sknlls to speak before, so why should you-?" 44 Why shouldn't I?" was the instant reply. He had such an easy assurance, did that skull, and his answers were so ready that though I knew that this time he was just copy ing from "Alice in Wonderland," still I was staggered. But I soon drew myself up and remarked withdignity : 14 That is merely avoiding the question." 44 Then pray avoid questioning- me." Was he trying to make a pun? Instantly I lost some of the awe with which he had in spired me. I stepped out from the table, put one hand on my hip and assumed a slightly domineering attitude. I Baid : 44 Considering? that vou come to me a ereasv old skull, that I soaked yon in hot water and soda for an hour, scrubbed you with an old tooth-brush and picked little bones out of your ears with a Haitpm ; considering I bathed you in ether and benziue and sunned you on the conservatory roof for months, with your lower maxillary tied to you by a pink tape and your teeth in a cigar box by your side ; con sidering the close intercourse all this entailed, and that during that time you never gave a sign of life, you must acknowledge that it is Btrange you should suddenly develop the power of speech." 44 1 acknowledge nothing," replied the sen tentious iittte fool. 4 Oh, I wouldn't," I said, 44 you might show some sense if you did that." 44 Young man," said the skull with an in sulting drawl (I ground my teeth) ; 44 do not imagine that I enjoy talking to you, for I do not. I have merely protected myself from in dignity by so doing. Should you ever again attempt to dislocate my jaw I will work harm to one whom you love." 44 Who," I gasped. 44 Your fiancee." 44 What do you know about her ?" 44 She was once my fiancee. 44 Yours?" 44 Why not I" 44 You lie !" I cried. No answer, 44 Didn't you lie ?" I asked, backing down. No answer. 44 I'll go out and throw dust and ashes on my head if you wish, and will only forgive me. But wasn't it a er — mistake ? What's some times called er — er — lie ?" " No," replied the skull. 44 1 could hot tell a lift.' 44 But how old is Marie then?" my heart leaping into my mouth at thought of my dear littie love. 44 Methusaleh was an infant in arms compared to her.". 44 Great heavens," I cried, 44 look at her cheeks ; they are like rose leaves and her chin is as smooth as a child's. You lie, you know you do." No answer. 44 Didn't you lie?" No answer. 44 Please excuse me, sir. I only meant jjow can Mane look so young if she is so — if she isn't young?" 44 The dead who still live learn secrets. One is about a face paste containing no lead, bis muth, arsenic or any other injurious ingre dient and superior to all other washes. The secret is to make sure of the trade-mark when asking for it." 44 What is the trade-mark." I asked. "I do not know. I never cared for my complexion. I think it neater just to wear bones." 44 1 do not believe you even knew Marie. You li 1 mean couldn't you be mis taken ? " He gave a blood-curdling chuckle. "That little broken tooth on the left side of her mouth— I broke it. I threw my skull at her, after I was dead, because she forgot me. There is a small scar on her lip over the tooth ; I made that, too. Garoo ! Garoo ! Then my reason left me for I had kissed that scar. I got down on mv knees and my voice trembled. " Oh, wonderful being, did did Maiie love you too ? " 44 Madly, wildly, passionately, devotedly." 44 Did she ever say to you, 4 1 feel that death, ' that eternity can never change our love ; it will always be the same r" " Her exact words." "And yet she has changed, will she also change toward me? " 44 Yes. One hundred years from now your skull will be a bit of brie- a- brae in her drawing- room, and you will hear her 'say those very words'to another man; Then in your anger you will discharge yourself at her head, as I did, and she will have another little hrokea tooth and another tiny scar. "We will then both belong to the order of 4 Catapult-skulls.' " 44 Oh, heaveas !" I groaned, 44 1 oannot bear it." I put my hand to my head to see if it still felt firm", then the room grew dark. I heard a ringiug sound, a devilish laugh. I knew no more. When I woke up I was lying on my bed —how came I there? The sun was streaming iuto the room, the skull seemed to grin at me, with toothless jaws and hollow eyes. I jud dered and felt so faint that I- took a pull of brandy. I had a stern task before me. I got a wooden box and placed it open beneath the edge of the desk. Then I poked the skull off the shelf with an umbrel a. He fell into the box with a crash ; it made me think of a catapult's. I did not look toseeif the beast was broken. I Aung the lid on and jumped upon it. Then I nailed it down. It was still early morning. I crept down to the river and flung in the box. .. . T . , For weeks I was miserably ill, though up. Then I wenfc to the Azores on a sailing vessel and was away two months. After my return my motoer to meone dav 44 By the way, aid you knqwthat your brother has been studying ventnioquism for three or four months? He has become very pro- sari for two months silence and absence, . For my brother I am laying low.-" Detroit Free Press. _ 