HOW PLACES GET MISNAMED. (From Knowledge.) A. good many words have crept into our dictionaries which are not words at all, having arisen from uncorrected misprints, the blunders of scribes, or the mistakes of compositors in deciphering the illegible manuscripts of authors. Such words have been well designated by Professor Skeat as ghost-words. But Professor Skeat has said nothing about what may be called ghost names, which are, perhaps, more numerous than ghost-words, inasmuch as in a manuscript, however badly written, the context gives some clue to an undecipherable word, whereas in the case of a name there is no such aid. Hence we find on our maps not a few names which are properly not real names, but merely blunders which pass for names. Not long ago I happened to be present at the birth of a ghost-name. Crossing the Bay of Biscay from the south in one of the boats of the P. and O., a passenger inquired when we should pass Cape Quessant. Never having heard of such a cape, I asked him where it was. He took me into the smoking room, where a well-thumbed atlas, belonging to the ship, lay upon a table, and he pointed to the name of Cape Quessant at the extreme western corner of Brittany. An examination of the-inap led to the removal of a tiny speck of dirt at the bottom of the first letter of the name, aud Cape Quessant reappeared as Cape Ouessant, the usual French spelling of the name, often written I'shant in English books. Several ghost-names have arisen in this way from niiareadmgs of the manuscripts of classical writers. In Scotland we have three 6uch names, those of the Hebrides, the Grampians, and Iona. The Western Isles of Scotland are called the Hebrides, a name which has been transferred by Captain Cook to the New Hebrides in the South Pacific. Much fruitless ingenuity has been expended in the attempt to discover the etymology of the name. The explanation is very simple. Before the introduction of the dot over the letter t in the eleventh century, the letters ri, in the Caroline Minuscule, resembled greatly the letter m. Two early editions of Pliny's "Natural History" were printed from a manuscript in which the name Ha?budcs appeared as Haibrides, and hence Hebrides was accepted as the ancient name of the Western Isles. That the reading was erroneous is shown, not only by better manuscripts, but by a pptice in Solinus, who speaks of the Hebudts iiMilcc quiw/ue numero, and the islands are called Ebndae by Ptolemy. The Ebndes were doubtless bo called because they lie around the island of Ebuda, now Bute, which is the nearest to the mainland, and would therefore be the first to become known to the Romans. The second Scotch ghost-name is that of the Grampians, which is given to the backlx>ne of Scotland, extending from Ben Nevis to Ben Lomond. The old and correct Gaelic name was " Drumalban," the Dorsum Albania of Latin writers. This use of the name Grampians contains a doable blunder. Tacitus, in nis "Life of Agricola," chapter 29, describing the victory of the Romans over Galgacus, tells us that the Caledonians were posted on a lull, which in all the best manuscripts appears as Mons Graupius. In one manuscript of small value, this name. Graupius appears as Grampius. The Scotch historian. Hector Boece, who died in 1536, was the first to transfer this misread name from the rising ground on which the battle was fought to the central ridge of Scotland. The blnnder was perpetuated in the celebrated forgery published in 1747 by Dr. Bertram, with the title De Situ Brittaniai, professing to be the work of Richard of Cirencester, a monk of St. Peter's Abbey, Westminster, who died in 1400; Bertram baring doubtless made use of the history of Boece in compiling his work. Till Professor Mayor's detection of the forgery, Richard of Cirencester was supposed to be one of the best authorities for early English geography, and the book was freely used by Gibbon, Lingard, and other writers. Hence the double blunder of transferring a misread name from a small hillock to the great mountain chain oi Scotland lias become so firmly rooted that it seems impossible to alter the usage. Too firmly established to be now displaced is the name of Iona,tbe little island on which St Columba founded the monastery which was to be the mother church of Scotland, and from which Irish missionaries went forth to convert the heathen nations of England, Germany, and Switzerland. But this name Iona originated, as Dr. Reeves has proved, in the blunder of a copyist. The island was called I, Hii, la, or Iou, "the island," whence we have (the mediaeval name I-colm-kill, the " Island of St. Columba's cell." Adamnan. in his " Life of St, Columba," speaks of Ioua Insula, using the adjeotival Latinised form Ioua for Ion. Some copyist, mistaking, as he easily might do, the u for », wrote Iona Insula for Ioua Insula, and hence the island now appears on every map as Iona. There are many names on our maps which ■ have arisen from natives not understanding the questions put to them by inquiring! travellers. Asking the name of some con spicuous object, a mountain or a river, the native guide replied in his own language I don't know," or "I don't understand you," Shrases which have been forthwith jotted own on the map as the name of the monntam or .the river. Thus the name Yucatan, discovered in 1517 by Hernandez de Cordoba, : was long supposed to be the native designation of the country. The native name, however, is Maya, and Yucatan is evidently a-ghost-name. Now in the Maya language teclican means "I don't understand you,", and jucatan means " What do you say I" Evidently the name Yuoatan must have arisen from one of these answers, i probably the latter* being given by the native who waB questioned by Hernandezes to the1 name of the country. The vast state of Texas, whose area is greater than that pf France and England nut together, also beats a ghost-name of similar origin. When father Damian visited the coast at the end pf the 17th century lie asked n chief of the native trilie of the Assiuoes I who they were. The chief, misunderstanding liiin, replied teaia, a "good friend," which! Father Dnminn supposed to be the tribal name, and hence the Assinaes came to be I called the Texas Indians, and this imaginary (ribo-name was udopted as the name of the territory. . . . , The name of the great Canadian dominion | is also lxdieved to have originated in a misunderstood answer to a misunderstood question. When Cartier, the French explorer, lirst sailed up the St. Lawrence, it would seem that stretching out his hand, he asked a native the name of the country. He replied " Canada," a name by which the country has since been known. We now know that Kanata is a Ited Indian designation for a village, or collection of wigwams, and the native must have thought that Cartier had pointed to some group of huts, and had asked what it was called. Canada, therefore, is itself a ghost- name. Or take the name of the great stute of Indiana. It was so called because it had been a reservation for the Red Indians. The American aborigines acquired the name of Indians because Columbus, when he discovered the new world, imagined that lie had reached some islands lying off the coast of India, which he called the "Antilles," a Spanish word, meaning the " islands in front," being supposed by him to be islands lying in front of India. Hayti he identified with Japan, and Cuba with China. Columbus died in the belief that all the lands lie had discovered belonged to Asia ; ami the delusion long survived. Thus there is a village near Montreal called "La Chine" (China). It bears the name of a house so called, erected by La Salle in 1666, which he named " La Chine " in the belief that the Mississippi, which he was preparing to explore, liowed into the Pacific, and that it would be possible, by descending it, to reach China and Japan. Even the name America may also lie called a. ghost-name, certainly so in the sense in which citizens of the United States call themselves "Americans." Columbuslielieved that some of the lands he had discovered formed a part of India, and hence they received the names of " India'Major"' (Greater India), or of " Indies Occidentales" (the West Indies), which still cleaves to the islands where Columbus first touched land in 141*2. Five years later, in 1497, the Englishman John C'al>ot reached Newfoundland, which lie called "Prima Vista," the land "first seen," and lie then coasted southwards as far as Florida. Hence the name of Newfoundland, which he gave to the continent he bad : discovered, was long used in England to denote the whole of North America, till at length it was restricted to the land first reached by Cabot. In 1500 the Portuguese, under Cabral, reached Scuth America, which was named "Terra de Santa Cruz" (the "Land of the Holy Cross"). A few years later Soutli America acquired the name of " Terra do Brazil," the land of a dye-wood, braul, so called because it produced the colour of glowing charcoal (braza). According to Amerigo Vespucci's own account, lie sailed, in a Bubordin&te; capacity, lietween 1497 and 1504, with an expedition which discovered a small part of the coast near the mouth of the Orinoco. What part (if any) Amerigo Vespucci took in the discovery of the New World is still a matter of controversy. However, in a book on geography, published in 1507, the name of " Amend Terra" (the "Land of Americus") was proposed by Waldseemiiller for that portion of the coast which Vespucci claimed to have visited, but at that time it was not known that North America, or, as it was then called, Newfoundland, belonged to the same continent—in fact, a strait is shown on early maps in place of the Isthmus of Panama. This form, America, is found on a map published in 1522, but the name seems to nave been unknown to Girava, a Spaniard, who observes in his "Cosmographia, published in 1570, that India, or the New World," was called by some persons " India Major" (Greater India), to distinguish it from "India Oriental," or "East India." The name of America, as a designation of the New World, seems to have become popular mainly owingtoits adoption in thegreatatlasof Ortel Iius,'publisbedinl570. Even in 1608, Acosta, in his History of the Indies," prefers the old Spanish name of the Indies to the new term America. Thus it appears that for about a century the five names, Newfoundland, the Indies, Brazil, the New World, and America struggled tor existence, the ultimate choice of the name America being largely due to the supposed fitness of a name analogous to those of the three continents of the Ola World. The name oi Australia, the last ot the continents to be discovered, also arose out of a strange misconception. The early geogra phers supposed that the two hemispheres must contain a nearly equal quantity of land, in order to prevent the world from over balancing by reason of the greater weight of the Northern Hemisphere. Hence they placed on their maps a vast conjectural southern continent which they termed Terra Australia Incognita, the " undiscovered southern land. When at last Australia became known the Terra Australia Incognita liecame Terra Australia, and it was only in 1814 that Flinders, in his book entitled " A Voyage to Terra Australia,"modestlyobserves in a footnote" Had I permitted myself any innovation upon the original term, it would have been to convert it into Australia, as, l>eing more agreeable to the ear, and an assimilation to the name of the other great portions of the earth." The suggestion of Flinders has, however, happily been adopted, and is a more rational name than those of Europe, Asia, and Africa,' which originally. denoted only three .small plains: the plain round Thebes, the plain rojAd4Sphe6UB,.jand | the plain round Carthage. , \ \\\\[i t " " 