VERIFICATION OF A DREAM. [Fiom our London Correspondent.] London, November 27. Glancing through Mr. Stead's ' Real Ghost Stories' I chanced on the following, which comes like moat of his ' copy' from the recorda of the Society of Physical Research. ' Super natural warnings,' he remarks, 'are some times on absurdly trivial subiects : sometimes. while eerious and even tragic, they eeem power less to avert the danger against which they wain. Here is a story which 'is full of the tragic faficiDaticn which attaches to the struggle of a brave man, repeatedly warned of ' his coming death., struggling in vain to avert tl:e evtnt which was to prove fatal, aud ultimately perishing within the sight of those to whom* he had revealed the vision.' The story in biief is as follows: — Mr. Fleet was third route on tbe eaiinpc sbip Persian Empire, which left Adelaide ifor London in 1868. One of the crew, Cleary by name, dreamed before starting that on Christmas morning, raa the Persian Empire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy gale, he was ordered with his watoii to secure a boat hanging in davits over the side. He and another got into the boat when a fearful sea broke over the ship, washing them bo;h out of the boat into the sea, where they were both drowned. The dream made £ucb an impression upon him that he was most reluctant to join the ship, but he overcame his scruples and sailed. On Christmas Eve, when they were nearing Cape Horn, Cleary had a re petition of his dream, exact in all particulars. He uttered a terrible cry-and kept muttering, 'I know it will come trua' On Christmas Day, exactly as he had foreseen, Gleary and the rest of the watch were ordered to secure a boat hanging in the davits. Cleary flatly refused. He said he refused because he knew he would be drowned, that all the circumstances of his dream had come true up to that moment, and if he went into that boat he would die. Ho was taken below to the captain and his refusal to dis charge duty was entered in the log. Then the chief officer, Douglas, took the pen to sign his name. Cleary suddenly looked at him and exclaimed, 'I will go to my duty, for now I know the other man ? in my dream.' He told Douglas, as they went on deck, of his dream. They got into the boat, and when they were all making fast a heavy sea struck the vessel with such force that the erew would have been washed overboard had they not clung to the mast. 'The boat was turned over, and Douglas and Cleary were flung into the sea. They swam for a little time and then went down. It was just three months after he had dreamed of it before leaviug Adelaide. '? : Seme weeks ago a special cable message from London stated that some alarm had been occasioned by the publication of a sensational statement that the German Government had arranged to secure a monopoly of all the weapons of war manufactured in America. A London contemporary has the following : — The Ncio York Times gives prominence to a statement that 'Germany, anticipating the outbreak of war in the spring, has arranged a virtual monopoly of the supplies which ihe United States can furnish of subsidiary war materials, such as swords, saddles, blankets, rations, clothing, &c.; The statement is made upon the authority of an officer of the Im perial s-taff. A prominent dealer in such goods has arranged a combination of all the leading produceis, who have undertaken to give Geimany the first call upon them, leaving all others to secure the small scattered lots that may remain, it feeing impossible to extemporise large flocks of manufacturing plants. The ?Standard New York correspondent says: — * Upon enquiry I have satisfied myself of the hona fides of this report, the names of the parties concerned having been given to me in confidence.1 ' Under the title of 'Ten Years' Growth of the City of London, 1881-1S91,' the Corporation of London have just published (reports the Times of November 18) an interesting volume recording the results of the day census of the city recently made by the local government and taxation committee. The day on which the census was taken was April 27, or about three weeks after the Imperial census. The returns as to the population of the city made ?under the Imperial enumeration were abso lutely worthless as forming any indication of its commercial importance, for they con veyed the impression that the city was hope lessly on the wane. Thus in 1861 the popu lation of the city according to the Imperial census, was 112,063; in 1871, 74,897: iu 1881, 50,652; and in 1891, 37,694. The mercantile and commercial population, as ascertained by the day census, was found ie-1c£ — In 1S66, 170,133; in 1SS1, 201,061; and in 1891, 301,384. Only 26 people defined to furnish the infor mation required, and of these information as to 19 was supplied from o'ther sources. The population was found to be 301,384— viz., employers, 29,520; male employes, 202,213; female employes, 50,416 ; and children under 15, 19,235. In 24 hours 1,186,094 persons and i«s872 vehicles entered the city. This day census placed the city at the head of the metropolitan constituencies as regards size, while it was put last in the Imperial census. It was greater than any of 26 counties in the kingdom. As regarded its ratable value, £3,872,088, which had increased by £330,594 in the last ten years, the city was at the head of every place in the kingdom. The profits assessed to income tax in the city were £70,018,707 in 1890, as against £39,263,424 ten years ago. These and other interesting figures are given in the report,, which was compiled by Mr. James Salmon, the chairman of the committee. In the course of a very interesting conversa tion on the subject of Lord Salisbury's speech at the Guildhall (writes the Paris correspondent of the London Baily Tdegrwph of November 14), M. Barthelemy Saint-Hilaire has jast made a statement which is well worthy of note. He says that both as a Minister and gg a mem ber of Parliament he left iro stone unturned in the effort to induce his Government to join England in the suppression of Arabi's insur leclion, and that it was in connection with this very question that he had his last interview with M. Jules Grevy. Hot words passed be tween them, and although they had been good friends for 40 years they never met again. France, according to the candid admission of the ex Minister for Foreign Affairs, was afraid of the expedition. She dreaded Arabi and his troops. It had been affirmed in the tribune that 40,0C0 men would be needed, and this filled her with apprehension. Yet 4,000 men would have sufficed. Before the crisfs arose France had a far better position in Egypt than England had, but she threw away the opportunity of doing the work which has now been performed by her neighbor. M. Barthelemy Saint-Hilaire is decidedly of opinion that Egypt is unable to govern itself, and requires a contioliing hand, and he asks why France did nob consent to join the English. She was invited to do so, but she drew back, and now solaces herself with angry expostulation. Deeply regretting, as he dees, the iaet that France lost all her chances at the critical moment, his testimony to the good achieved by England is all the more valuable and significant. For French men, England is? and always will be la Perjidc Albion. But this idea, says M. Saint-Hilaire, is utterly false. There is not a people in the world whose word is more to be trusted, and if France had only known where her true in terests lay she would have tried to conclude an alliance with Great Britain instead of one with the nation with which she has asso ciated herself. There is every reason to ap prehend that the consequences of this mis take will be very serious. 1 he suggestion was made a few days ago that tbe irritating practice of examining travellers' luggage at the borders of New South Wales and South Australia for dutiable articles should be abolished, and it is satisfactory to be able to state that steps are already being taken to bring about that desirable object. One thing that has rendered the proposal practicable is the fact that New South Wales has Lately adopted a protective tariff, and as the tariffs of the three colonies — New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia — are now practically the same, at any rate so far as those articles are concerned which might easily be smuggled in passengers' luggage, there can seaicely be a doubt (writes the Melbcume Avtms) that before long the Customs officer at the border will be relieved of a duty which must at all times be just as unpleasant to him as it is humiliating to the majority of travellers. South Australia has communicated with Victoria expressing its desire to enter into any arrangement that will render the examination of travellers' luggage unnecessary. Dr. Wollaston, the Victorian secretary of Trades and Customs, is now pre paring a report on the subject for sub iiiission to the Minis' er, and if the latter appjoves a conference will be held with tl:e Railway Commissioners, with tlie object of giving effect to the proposal. The Customs officer will not be removed from the border, because his ser vi-. es will le required for the inspection of c.t 5 ergcods, such as machinery, but the staff will bo ccfctriderably reduced, which -will lead to a vtjy necessary economy, as the inspection at tln-'borders cost the Customs department more than it. is worth. When the change is effected tlie colcnies will have made one practical step, if a small one, in the direction of federation. 