HERE AND THERE. I [BY Tin; GLKANI.R.J j I am very pleased to see that Mr. : J. B. Gilbert.son is once more looking o i like his old self after his recent, battle i with a somewhat severe illness. A neck or two ago his manv fiiends i were somewhat, anxious, bin thanks 1 to the bust of nursing the pojiulai j .I B. is. luce Richmond, himself once i llWIt. j Last week Ebby Ward (where does ; the " Hon.' come in 'i-—Ed) r- It, does j not count at all with 'The Gleaner.' j When politicians are cornered, and so i long as you allow me to scribble for | the Standard 1 will wager }uu will find I never use the term ' Hon.' or : 'His Excellencv,' or 'Esq, or any ! other sui-h touiniy-]of. Plain 'Mi. [should be good enough for most ! people, and it the^" don't like it they | can lump it. But. ail the same, 1 should like to see the ' ALr.' dropped, for ll is only a iaice. Plain ' B. .Junes' lofjks to me as well as ' Mr. B. Jones or 4 B. .Jones, Esq." if ever Australia ! becomes that great democracy 1 hope j ami pray .such farcicM pretixes and ; aflan-s will become as dead as Julius Ca;sar, unless we copv the. Aineric^n style of 'General,' Colonel, 1 Ac. 1 won t mention Captain, foi they are as [dentifui right here in South Australia as the sands on the sea- sliore. Well, Eliene/.er paid us a \"i-S11 and tried to enlighten a few free and independent ratepayers as lo the proper definition of Bait XiX of the new Municipal Act, which provides in: assessing on unimproved land values. Ebby told the lew who assembled at Usher's Hotel nolliiug but. wliat. they knew before, though out of courtesy to the ' Hon ' visitor his hearers seemed to be impressed with his IVmarks. As a legislator Ebby is little more than a Barnum s Jumbo. 1'ake for in,stance his recent attempt to provide extra police to watcli the out-of-work miiiei-s from the Hill when they planted their f^-ntle No. 9 s oil Sout,ii Australian territory. Ebby's move in this matter is hard to comprehend, unless lie anticipated a raid on his Grampus rur, and a consequent Uimmutiou in his sto,;k ..f wild i-ablnts. It is tl.e pity of it that th.s rhst, let ; winch returned Ebby to .he Lpper j House has to chew the cud of reflection till his teuii expires. The Municip:d elections will take place to-day. and although there ale more liichmonds in the. field than usual, the best of good feeling prevails, and ihe general wish is that the best men may win. It is quite a treat to see the great interest which in being taken iu -Miiuicij)al-«iat.ters, and it is to be hoped the same interest will continue until we have as good a local Parliament as we had when Fred Grey ami William (Joode occupied seats in the Chamber. Both are such good legislators that it is a pity one or both cannot be induced to have a shot for higher honors—the Legislative Council or Assembly- Alas! alas'. 1 have to "debit another loss to Port Pirie. j\lr. Randall, the Clerk of the Court is ahou*. to leave us. To speak in y. llyder Ka^gard htrain, the good old man from the city called Pirie, wherei.i did lie for generations the remains of the odor iferous odors of Uead-horse C:eek diil arise and betake himself to that salubrious, heavenly spot called Adelaide, whence he dwelt, iu the bosom of his family, alter many years, yea. even to the extent of-fourteen, writing and swearing iu the Court of Pirie. Yea, and before he, departed,- they who kn.iw and thev, w ha think they know the Law, did assemble themselves together, in solemn conclave with the idea of meting forth a measure of praise and admiration — of which they p.js.-.ess a stock—to this patriarch who for many years had watched over their welfare with a fatherly eye. And they came to a conclusion, even without the aid of those musty so-calied law lx»oks which the}' do flouut befoie the eves of the ignoi-.mt populace, that something verily must be dyne. And then one of the elders, who also is near the judge's seat, arose on his il haunches, and said, Hie thee to the citv of Adelaide, which is called fair, and obtain a scribe who will, for- u consideration, extol the vii-tues of our revered. elder.' 1 And they diJ so, and the scribe, whose^countenance is illumined by its benign expression, as when he is to'receive ihe shekels and not pav them away, solemnly vowed that the necessary virtues .would be porti-ayed by the following Friday Then did the people -next please ' • Once more, however, to come back to Port Pirie talk, everyone is sorry to lose Mr. Randall, who for so long lived among us and made Pirie his home. His words of advice re the trees should now be taken hold of by the Council. My best wishes go with him. Mr. Randall's successor, Major Heaney, is as warlike-looking as the venerable gentleman was lamb-like. Compare the two, and then talk about, the lion and the lamb. By the WRIY, the gallant Majors advent amongst us should give a great fillip to the volunteer movement in the port. He is like a fish out of its native element unless within reach of war's rude alarms—even if it is only playing" at soldiering. During the week the Directoi-s of tlie Proprietary Company have bee:, hei<i. As to what they . have done. - T h e Gleaner, though lie hath made ; !^;nows strenuous sti- euuous efforts to be iu in the know, not, poi do the officials resi- J dent in Port Pirie seem to care a \- P eT!!1 . v Ei.vles cake whether Ihe Press ! S tJt ^formation ox not. At any rate t he kwick-i which 1 have gOi iu tryt''"- 10 kl,,,L ' k out „f Mr. Knoi have not deicned iue from tvhat 1 mean to p.ay. The press, aside from making money, like to put in a little news, and now that the chance presents itself the reporters are not allowed into the meetings. Surely the business was not of such a private nature as all that. With our men—at least a lar«re number of them—av.xiuusly looking forward to the time when thev can oel work, the powers that be might at least, give a hint as to when they intend erecting more smelters here. If the Directors had the least idea of the mi-erv even now in Poi t Pirie they would come to a conc'usion. It has been proved bevond a shadow of doubt that a lot of money can be saved by .smelting at Port Pirie, and why the facilities for reducing ore here are not inci eased is a mystery. Some day the long- sniferir.g shareholder will rear right up and interview the Directors with double-barrelled shotguns. The sooner the better- Last Saturday three voung men thought it would be prudent to try their skill ai sailin"' before presuining to join the Yacht Club. Before starting a dispute arose as to who should be captain. Finally it was decided in favor of our '-Queer friend. All went well till the 1st Light was reached when Hard wood J im overbalanced the boat, and disappeared with a shout of, "(iood-bye; Im gone."' and plunged—not into the briu v, as was expected, but into about three feet of mud. Our •' Queer" friend followed in his wake, while poor John, who could not swim, clung like grim death to the dag's tail. ° However, they managed to right- the boat, and 1 ain told tlieytied a string to the. canine's tail, aiul' thus were safely towed' home. They have decided not to join the Yarht Club. I have knocked about- a good deal | in the Sunny South, and have- seen all sorts and conditions of men on the wallabv, but a man who arr ived in the port the other day -carrying his bluey knocked me all of a heap. He was a believer in comfort evidently. f,»r he marched proud lv along.! wirh: ui limblvUa raised, and seeme.1 uU(J<ret)ier ;l Ulff o£ tlie WiU\ m , Weil, y(). i-;. ;ui,. t bruuu; , lim tslkilIS, ;.. lsv_ l m t it woUj d be a eomical sight if the vast army of Mnrrumhidgee whalers were to arm themselves with .Sairey Gamps. Just as Well might expect .them to go in for . mosquit6 :. nets. A "Cook's Excursion"' took place down »he river on Sunday last, and knocked spotrf off the other Cook's excursions which'take place in other parts of the world, 'three cooks—(I humbly beg their pardon) —three chefs :rom tiir.-e of the local hotels went a-sailiug- down the river, and as they were ;i>ceoinpanied by^ their best-' srii-ls. everything bade fair to pass off as merry as^ wedding-bells. Fnfcii'iimately, in' a weak moment, the bash manufacturers invited a voung fellow, who knew as much about tlie culinary department as :v bandicoot does of setting r.p double-- demy posters—to join- < the party. He proved the ghost at the banquet, for he won away tlie .affect ions of one the chef if inamoratiis, 'and-for the rest of the day there was one disconsolate captain "if the kitchen range. There is not much iu this little story, but it is fi aught, with interest lo the parties concerned. Despeiate attempts are still being made to fix the; identify of " Au Ancient Chorister.' The latest to be suspected- wa,s the senial Char.ie j Allen, die well-k nown bagman. For j the information <>f many we may state I Charles is iunoc lit of the soft lin- ' peachm-nt. 1 wonder who will be the next to be spotted. [•'The Gleaner" will be pleased to receive contributions to this, column.] 