THE OLD 'UN'S NOTE-BOOK c> COMING EVENTS. Canterbury Parle Races. I CELEBRATED SIRE. Roschill Selections. News from Flemington and Cauliield is of special intorest now, and the work of our horses over the border will, during the next fortnight, be scanned with interest. Already several of thom have arrived on the scene, and more are on the way. From New Zealand a powerful contingent ha3 put in an appcnrauco, with Dan O'Brien's Freedom and Florrio at the head. Now Zealand horsos promise to play ari im portant part at the V.R.C. meeting if all I hear be correct. When I saw Tirailleur In Melbourne he struck me a3 being a good horse, but difficult to train, and probably there will be a good deal of trouble experienced in getting him fit and woll to tho post. High born, my informant Btates, never looked better, and I should bo glad to see the blade goiaing nrsc lnsceau in second, as ho was last year when the Caultiold Cup winner Vengeance got homo in front. Mr. Forrester and his horsos are at tho Racecourso Hotel, their old quarters, and I liopo this time Highborn has his cat with him, as " puss " may bring him luck. It would nob surprise me to see Gnaroo run forward in tho Aus tralian Cup and repeat tho Vengeance trick. As far as tho short race is con cerned, no horso can bo doing better than Bungebali, and with all his weight ho will take no end of beating. Wlion 1 first saw the weights 1 selected out of our lot Bungebali and St. Blaise, and out of the. Victorian 1 horses Wild Rose and Proh Pudoi. So far \- I have every reason to bo satisfied, and I think I am the only writer who has given Proh Pudor a first place in tho Handicap. My readers may think it strango, but I have good grounds for thinking Proh Puder will absolutely win, provided all goes on well with him, and tho money is right. I notice the horse is gradually creeping up in tho betting. When I gave a bint to back him lio was at 100 to 2, and now ho stands at 100 to 5. Next to giving the winner tho best thing is to put backers on to a horso at long odds that is likely to come to a much shorter price in the betting, and such a horso is Proh Pudor. Even now good hedging money can bo obtained about him. No horso has boon more consistently POCiwUU 1U UOUUltto vliail X ruu wwi, miiu j. know certain books in which lie has boen coupled with every horso with a ghost of a chance in tho Cup. That is a good sign he is a favorito with the generality of backers. I notice Birigambil has been introduced into tho betting, so I presume some clover people are at work backing him. Ho will not carry a cent of my money, good horso though he looks. Paris is second favorite. A horse I like very much is Barefoot, who has good deeds to recommend liim. Portsea is doing Cup work, and is . fancied in certain quarters. Halvolio has beon scratched, which will remove a formidable stumbling block from the path of tho others. My readers know by this time what I fancy, so there is no need to repeat the names this week. It is not ofton wo see such a winner as Vain Hope thrown into a Canterbury Handicap with 6sfc 71b. No wonder he was well backed last Satur day, and - had I been sure of a run he would have boon my sole selection. He has recovered a good deal of his form, and lie won, not only the Caiiterbury Handi cap, but the Welter, with 9st 41b, easily enough. Vain Hopo is an ugly horse to look at, but he has a good turn of 'speed, and he seems to have retained a considerable amount of that dash of foot which landed him a winner in the Royal Stakes. His work with Sunshine was justification onoilgh for a man to hack him last Saturday, and for both races. Mr. Scarr has been very lenient with him to-day again at Rosehill, and as there is a sweep on the event, Mr. Cook stands a chance of landing another stake. Marque's win in the Hurdle Race at Canterbury came as a surprise. When I saw General Gordon I almost blushed. It is a-considorablo time since the last blush took place, but it was enough to make a man turn as rod as a lobster when he had picked General Gordon as a likoly horso to ivin. He looked dull, jaded, and all to pieces, and a stone worse horse than he was the Saturday before at Warwick Farm. Mr. I Scarr is evidently of tlio same opinion, | . judging by the Way he has handicapped | him at Rosehill to-day. Marque is a sure I jumper, and was well ridden by Williams. I When Calodonian .will shape respectably | on ft racecourse again remains to be seen, I . Oxenham's win in the Flying Handicap 1 proves ho is a real good horse. Many people thought Nonsense had beaten him. Reversion's form in the Selling Race was a pip off, and the horso after getting away badly nevor seomod able to gallop. Pick- wick'a win was unoxpectod and did tho books a good turn. A writer in a Now Zealand papor, under tho well-known noiii de plume of "Mazoppa," says: — Is it really a fact that Muskot was a roarer? Tho assortion that he was ismado in apparont Borionsnoss by a Sydnoy writor known as " Tho Old 'Un." lio says in ono soutonoo : " Musket wa3 a bit of a roarer." Latoron ho makes this assortion : " Thoro was a son of Musket who was clossod as a roarer, though by no moans a bad one, at Randwick, called Scots Grey, who is a groat roarer. He makes \ a loud noiso wkon ho raisos a gallop, and por- haps he may havo inherited it from his siro." I have nevor heard this bofore, and cannot prosumo to say whether it is or is not corroct, but wo may be sure that our Auoklaud friends, who aro specially jealous of tho champion stallion's roputation, will quickly mako answer if thore is ono to be mado. They will do so with pleasure, ovon if only as a mattor of seutimont. From a -practical point of view it doos not mattor a farthing wliothor Muskot was a roarer. Further, if it is now discoverod that Mnsket was a roarer that faot will not toll against the vuluo of his stook. 'His immediate doscon- dants woro nearly all fast raro stickers, and tho second generation aro about as good as can be bought. Roaring or no roaring they can gallop, and that is what gives thom thoir valno. " Mazoppa" has evidently misunderstood what I wroto in the Referee. I was, in giving Scots Grey as an example, meroly showing how roaring might bo regarded as hereditary, but the general tenor of the article was against that theory. If Muskot had nevor got another foal but Carbine, ho would have done more than his share. I am as great an admirer of tho Musket blood as any Now Zoalandcr can be, but lie was not tho only siro in the world capable of getting good horses, as some enthusiasts think. I can assure " Mazeppa," whoso writings I often peruse with pleasure, that if ho wants to bo con vinced of Scots Grey's roaring propensi ties, he has only to put in an appearance on Randwick track, whon ho will hear music nearly as loud as the famous band of the regiiuont the horso takes his name from. Mr. Rowley may, with confidence, anticipate a big crowd at Rosehill to-day, and a3 usual special arrangements have been mado for tho conveyance of visitors to the course. In addition to the trains a special steamor will convey passengers by way of the Parramatta River, and no doubt tho trip by water will bo well patronised. Tho associated club3 have decided to charge bookmakers a fee of 20 guineas for tho privilege of betting in tho ring, and only members of Tattersall's and of the Vic torian Club will bo allowed to bet in the paddock. Racing will commence with THE FLYING HANDICAP, and there should bo a good race for this event. Sam "Waller 7st 71b lias an unde niable chance, while Kookaburra, Lady Lovcl, Re and Gaytiine all read well. The winner may come from Sam Welles or Re. TTTTW.TYT.TS -RlfT. Cascade or Zanco. SELLING RACE. Ilander or Reversion. THE ROSEHILL HANDICAP is suro to attract a good field on account of the sweep on the event. Nothing reads better than Vain Hope, who with 7st 91b must have a chance second to none on his last Saturday's form. Empire, with a couple of pounds less, has a chance, while Kookaburra is not badly in with 7sb, and The Pet Girl should be liandy if started. Barraba .and Oroya are a dangerous pair, and Hcgira is always a safe investmont for a place. Tho winner may coino from Vain Hope or Empire, with Oroya and Kookaburra next. STEEPLECHASE. Clarence or Australasian. WELTER MILE. Mesenger or W tnella, with Thornback next. 