, BOXING. intercolonial glove fight. An exciting battle took place in the Cali fornia Athletic Club on Saturday evening. There was a good attendance, and tho boxing throughout was excellent. Harry Rogers, of Melbourne, and Georue Stan lev. ah English lightweight, engaged in four willing rounds, Stanley almost knooking the Victorian out. Jim Richardson and Frank Pablo then appeared upon the scene, and four merry rounds were the result. A lad named W. Bond was set up against Jim, Ryan, tho well-known welter weight, but the former had not the ghost of a show, his ineffectual attempts to reach Ryan tickling the spectators immensely. Though ho lacked cleverness Bond had his heart in his work. Val Flood, of Melbourne,' and Jim Clarke, a local heavy-weight,1 now settled the ' ques tion of superiority. The fight was a short one, ending in favor of the Victorian, but while it lasted was chockiul of hair-raising iiiviuvuiiit Tiuuii wno csuirou oy urinO| Rogers and Jennings, while in Clarke's corner were Abe Willis, West and another. Mr. Lipman acted ub referee. Round I. — As they stood up to one another after tho preliminary handshako Flood looked the better trained, Clarke being too beefy. Clarke was the heavier of the twain. Tho first shot was fired by Flood, who stepped in and smote the Sydneyite hard in the stomach with a left swing, and on trying to take a similar liberty the Victorian was stopped with a left jab on the face. Thtis enragod Clarke made a furious rush at Flood, who avoided danger by skip ping smartly back. Flood's stock went up visibly as he stepped iu and sent homo a crashing right on Clarke's ribs. This roused Clarke's ire, and he could be heard hissing as he aimed at Flood, who dodged cleverly about, Clarke got a right-hand cross-counter on the back of his head intended for his jaw. Flood scored twice with the left, Clarke in return cleaving the air with a furious right-hander. Flood swung his right hard at tho ribs and again Clarke grew wild, forcing Flood from pillar to post; tho Victorian appearing a good deal disconcerted. Clarke hit out hard enough, but his aim was shockingly erratic. Flood tried to force, but a straight left kept hiin hack. Not to be denied, Flood made a target of his opponent's frontispiece, and then tho round closed. Flood had the better of matters at first, but after that the Sydneyite had a few words to say. Round 2.— Flood moved the enemy round tho ring, and suddenly drove the left home on the fnce. He tried it on several times again, but Clarke was on the qui vive. The fighting now became cyelonio Clarke getting the worst of the deal. Flood did all the work, and it began to tell its tale. Clarke then started to rush, and Flood's weak legs wero unable to support him, and down ho went. Flood got up and started to fight desperately, Clarke in his turn going weak. A swinging right reached Clarke's chin and sent him to earth. He took lOsec., ana on resuming fought like a Trojan, though dazed. Flood reached the vital spot again, and on receipt of this blow the SydneyiU was unable to come to time, Flood being declared the winner. Jim Richardson and Jim Ryun, previous to the fight, challenged tho winner, and Flood, when it was ail over, announced that he would meet Ryan first and Richardson afterwards if successful. 