Fisher's Ghost. MORE ABOUT IT. FROM TEGG'S MAGAZINE. TEN YEAES AFTER THE EVENT. In the New Year's number of the Town and Country Journal there was published a report of the trial of Worrall for the murder of Fisher at Campbelltown in 1826. The story of Fisher's Ghost appears to be of considerable interest, judging from the letters we have received on the subject, although those letters have thrown, no new light upon it. The writers repeat the ghost story told in our issue for January 2, and assert that the Fisher murder was discovered through the agency of tne victim's ghost. Our correspondents, in justification of their assertion, state that old resi dents of Campbelltown have often told them the story, or that they have from their child hood been taught to believe that the murder was discovered through the apparition of Fisher. As was stated in our former article on the subject, the ghost, for all we can prove t-- the contrary, might have appeared ; but the necessity for its appearance is not apparent. The evidence ad duced at the trial of Worrall shows that Fisher disappeared in a mysterious manner, and it would have been, a remarkable case indeed if foul play had not been suspected, and Worrall had escaped from the chain of suspicious circumstances which surrounded him. All this was fully gone into in our former article, and it will be of more interest now to discuss the origin of the ghost story as it first appeared in type. No doubt 'Tege's Moiithiy Magazine' was responsible for its publication to the world. In No. 1 of that magazine (the issue for March, 1836), published by James Tegg, George-street, and printed by H. Bull, at the Colonist Office, a story with the following title appeared: — '?Fisher's Ghost, a Leeend of Campbelltown.' The story was re-published in. the Sydkey Gazette for March. 5, 1836; and it will be inter esting to readers of this version, printed below, to observe how,jn the short space 6t 10 years^t&e;' facts of the case as disclosed at the trial were apparently forgotten, and the story as-it read in the law report of 1826 differed from the version in 'Teg-e's Maarazine' in 1836. In the 1S36 version it is stated that Fisher was a free man some years before he was murdered. In the report of the trial in 1826 the evidence showed that he was within a month or two of being a free man when he disappeared, and one of the reasons that suspicion of foul play was aroused ?was the fact that if his alleged visit to England had been postponed for a month or ' two he might have left the country without incurring penalties to which ** ticket of leave men ' were then subject for leaving New South Wales. In the version of 1836 Fisher is described as a' dis solute character very much in debt, and at one time in gaol on that account. It is represented that one of - his drunken associates named Worrall suggested to him the expediency of entering into a scheme to defraud his creditor by making over the wliole of his property, an-i that subsequently Fisher consented to this, with the result that his creditor, finding that Fisher was without means, allowed him to be released, and Fisher returned to Campbelltown and shortly after disappeared. According to the report of the trial, Fisher -was only in debt for a very small amount, and had never been hardly pressed for it. ifo documents could be produced by Worrall ac counting for his being in possession of Fisher's property. William Howe, according to the story oE 1836, was the superintendent of police for Campbell town in 1826, and he, in consequence of an appar ition being seen by a maa named Hurley, went to a certain place and there found the body of Fisher, and this led to the arrest . ©f WorralL The report of the' trial shows that Eobert Burke was chief-constable of Campbelltowja, and that owing to Fishery mysterious disappearance and Worrall being in possession. of his property with ont; being able to account for that fact, and owing also to blood stains found on a fence, and for other reasons common in all murder cases, this police-officer and his assistants searched for and found Fisher's body. The defence of the accused put forward by his counsel shows that no attempt was made to account for the prisoner's unlawful possession of Fisher's property. The defence set up was that Fisher was murdered by other men; that the murder was witnessed by Worrall, and he had been sworn to secrecy. The version of 1S36 states that the suspicion against Worrall being confirmed by a body of cir cumstantial evidence he was committed for trial before the Supreme Court; the conviction that retributive justice was now to overtake him had such an effect oa his mind that he confessed his guilt. Alone statement is then made purporting to be Worrall's confession. In this confession the man describes. himself as a cold-blooded mur derer who committed the crime after long pre meditation. The inference from this is that Worrall pleaded guilty. The facts proved by the report of the trial show that he did not confess to killing Fisher until the night before he 'was hanged, and that with almost his dying breath he declared that he had struck Fisher in mistake for a horse, and on seeing the terrible mistake he had made he be came confused, and foolishly endeavored to destroy all traces of his dreadful error. Ifc will be noticed that according to Tegg Worrall spelt his name with one 1. Bat the following: reprint will enable our readers to compare for themselves the story of Fisher's murder, as told at his trial, and the ghost story as it first appeared in TEGO'S MAGAZINE. [The incidents related in the following tale must be familiar to many of our readers, especially ro those in Campbelltown and its neighborhood. We have trusted solely to memory in drawing up the statements; the inaccuracies, however (u there be any), can only be of minor importance ; the principal portions of the tale may be relied on as strictly true. We leave others to solve the problem of the appearance of Fisher's ghosb, con tenting ourselves with simply telling the tale as it was told to us. 'Most of those concerned in the investigation of the affair are still alive, and can bear testimony to its truth.] fteader, have you ever paid a visit to the town or rather the village of Campbelltown ? If you have not, we advise you to do so speedily. We recommend you to do so the more willingly because we can speak from experience of the pleasure we have felt when domiciled in its com fortable little inn, enjoying a few days relaxa tion from the bustle and dust of Sydney. If you have been there, you can dispense with our description of its neat little church, its strag gling appearance, and its pleasant situation ; in short, of all the beauties which it presents to a toilworn, dust- blinded cit. on his first visit — and enable us to come at once to the subject of our tale. . The visitant to Campbelltown must have observed as he strolled through the village a large unfinished brick building fast mouldering to decay, which seems to have been intended at the time of its erection for a store ; its appear ance, however, shows that whatever may have been the intention in erecting it, some thing must have , intervened to prevent the accomplishment of the object. It is now rapidly falling into decay, and the freshness of the grass which covers the sward around it, shows that whatever the cause may be, the ruins are not much frequented by the inhabitants of the surrounding cottages. The unfinished building and the land which surrounds it were the pro perty some few years aeo or a man named Frede rick Fisher, who occupied an adjoining cottage, of which scarcely a trace now remains. Fisher had been originally a prisoner. He had served his' time in the employ of a gentleman in the neighborhood, and had removed to the town when he obtained his tictet-o£-leave. Some years previous to the commencement of our tale he had received his certificate of freedom, having undergone his sentence, which had been awarded to him by the laws of the country. He had also, after he became free, obtained a grant of a town allotment, and had commenced the building referred to, intending on its completion to occupy one portion of it as a dwelling-house, and to convert the remaining part into a store. Fisher was but a boy at the time of the com mission of the offence which had led to his trans portation. His relatives, enraged at the dis grace he bad subjected them to by his misconduct, had taken little notice of him after that period ; and as he could put no trust in those whom he saw around him placed in circum stances similar to his own, he had, consequently,, formed no friendship which nught have enabled him to pass pleasantly his vacant time ; his edu cation, also, had been much neglected in his youth by those very relatives who were so liberal of their censure after, he had gone astray. It is not, therefore, matter of surprise, that his time should have occasionally hung heavy on his hands. -'Bis own fireside presented few attractions to him ; his conduct, since his arrival in the colony, not having been such as to afford hini much grati fication in the retrospect, the resolutions of amend ment he had made whilst in gaol, and on the passage out, had melted like snow when exposed to the demoralising: influence of the example Bet by thosa around him. Fisher, like most of his class, flew for refuge from unpleasant recollec tions to the society which the neighboring taproom afforded, and sought for that which he found not at home in quaffing theflowing bowl. The necessary consequence of conduct such as his soon became apparent, his business, to which on gaming his freedom he had paid strict attention, was now neglected; but instead of endeavoring by exer tion to extricate himself irom the difficulties which began to surround him, he plunged yet deeper into a life of dissipation, frequenting the purlieus of the tap both night and day. His in evitable ruin soon became so apparent that his creditors resolved no longer to brook delay. He was accordingly arrested and lodged in gaol at the instance of one of their number, for a debt of .£150. Although Fisher had been weak enough to allow- the bad example of others to lead hi™ astray, he was yet far from having reached that pitch of depravity which many of his associates iiad attained ; although he had neglected his business, and spent in dissipation those means which ought to have been applied to the liquida tion of his debt, he had yet sufficient moral ptinciple remaining. The shudder when one of his drunken associates named Worral, suggested the expediency of entering into a scheme to de fraud his creditors by nuking over to him. -the ?whole of his property which yet remained; making, at the same tune, a private engagement that it should be re stored to him as soon as he was permitted to leave the £aoL The persuasions of Worral, who repre sented to him the ease and safety with which he might revenue himself on his creditors, and regain possession of his property without any incum b'rance, soon overcame the feelings of repugnance which he had at first felt, and he consented' to make a transfer of allhe possessed to Worral under these conditions. Mr. P., at whose instance Fisher had been incarcerated, finding that he was not the owner of the property he had supposed, con sented after some time to his liberation, as the only means by which he was likely ever to re cover the amount of hia claim. Fisher, immedi ately on his release, returned to Campbelltown, exalting in the success of his scheme. Shortly after Fisher's return, he left his house one evening with the intention, it was supposed, of resorting, according to his usual custom, to some of the neighboring ginshops. Morning came, but - his continued absence excited no surprise, as it was supposed that he had got so drunk the previous night as to be unable to return home. As the day wore on and no signs of his appearance, a neighbor went to inquire at the various public-houses whether he had been there. He had not been at any of his usual haunts, nor had any person seen him since the previous evening. Many conjec tures were made as the cause of his protracted absence, but no feasible reason could be adduced until the afternoon. Worral returned from Sydney, whither he said he had accompanied Fisher on the previous evening, wiio had sailed early that morning for England, in order to avoid ?the importunities of his creditors, who had lately been rather troublesome to him, some having even tilreatenedtdlo^eMmagamin.g»oL ;This was r corroborated by the fact tsiat a vessel did sail for England on that day. Worral's statements set completely at rest all tho conjectures which had been previously afloat as to the cause of Fisher's disappearance, and he was allowed to take undis puted possession of the property on producing Fisher's conveyance. Time wore on, and Fisher's name was almost forgotten- or never alluded to except by the deluded creditors, who consoled themselves for their loss by venting imprecations and forming resolutions never again to be so easily gulled. About six weeks after Fisher's disappearance Mr. Hurly, a respectable settler in the vicinity of Campbelltown, was returning thence to his resi dence. 3e had long been acquainted with Fisher, and it is by no means improbable that his mind reverted to his sudden disappearance when pass ing the place where he had so long resided. Be that as it may, however, no doubt as to Worral's statement ever entered his mind. It was about 10 o'clock at night when he left Campbelltown ; the mo«n had risen, but her brilliance was ob scured by clouds. After he had passed the late residence of Fisher, about from 500 to 800 yards, he observed the figure of a man sitting on the top of the fence on the same side of the road as the house. On approaching nearer, what was his surprise to recognise distinctly the features of Fisher, whom he had supposed then fax oa his way to England. He approached the figure with the intention of assuring himself that he bad not been deceived by a fancied resem blance. The ghastly appearance which the features presented to his view on his near ap proach struck such a chill of terror to his heart as chained Mm motionless to the spot. The figure, as he gazed, arose from the fence and, waving its arm, pointed in the direction of a small dry creek, which crosses the paddock at that place, and disappeared gradually from his view, apparently following the windings of the creek. The terror which overpowered the faculties of Hurly at this sight defies all power of description; in a state of stupefaction he left the spot and en deavored to obtain an entrance into the nearest house. How he managed to find his way to the house ne has no recollection, but just as he ap proached it his senses totally forsook him. The noise caused by his head striking the door as . he fell alarmed the inmates, who, on opening it, found him in a death like swoon. He was carried into the house where he lay for a whole week in the delirium of a brain fever. The frequent mention of the name of Fisher in his ravings attracted the attention of those who attended him, and conjecture was soon busy at work to ascertain what had driven him into such a state. His known character for sobriety as well as the testimony of those who had parted from him only a few minutes before, forbade the supposition that it had been caused by drunken ness, and rumor withher thousand tongues turned the villagers' heads with vain conjectures as to its probable cause. On the morning of the ninth day of Hurley's illness he awoke after a long- and refreshing sleep, in the full possession of Kis senses, and expressed a wish to those around him that the police magis trate should be sent for immediately. William Howe, Esq., of Glenlee, who then filled the situation of superintendent of police for Campbelltown and the surrounding districts, was sent for, and came immediately on being made aware of tne circumstances. To him Hurley dis closed what he had seen, and suspicion of Fisher's having met with foul play, which that sight impressed on his mind. As soon as Hurley was able to leave his bed, Mr. Howe, accompanied by a few constables, among whom was a native black named Gilbert went, conducted by Hurley, to the place where the apparition had been seen. On closely examining the panel of fencing pointed out/Mr. Howe discovered spots of blood. An active search was commenced to dis cover farther traces of- the supposed murder ; but nothing more was observed. It was thought ad visable to trace the course of the creek in the direction to which the apparition had pointed and in which it had disappeared. Some small ponds of water still remained in the creek, and these Black Gilbert was directed to ex plore with his spear. He carefully examined each as he approached it, but the shake of the head denoted his want of success. On approaching a larger pond than any of those he had before searched, the' standers-by sbserved his eyes sparkle as he exclaimed in a ..tone 01 triumph, while yet at seme distance from the spot, ' White man's fat sit down here.' As soon as he reachea the bank of the pond he thrust his spear into the water, and after some search he pointed to a par ticular spot in the water, saying, ' White man there.' The constables were immediately set ta work to clear away the water, which waE soon effected, and on digging among the sand the remains of a human being in an advanced stage of decomposition were discovered. It be came now obvious to all that Fisher (if the remains which had been found were really his) had met with an untimely end. Suspicion alighted on Worral, who was the only person who had reaped any benefit from Fisher's death; and it was remembered also that he 'it was who had first propagated the story of Fisher's return to England. Many circumstances corroborative of this suspicion flashed on the minds of the neigh bors which until now had escaped their notice. Mr. Howe caused Worral to be arrested, and the suspicion being confirmed by a body of' cir cumstantial evidence, he was committed to take his trial before the Supreme Court for the murder. The conviction and retributive, justice now about to overtake him had such an effect on his mind that he confessed his guilt. His reason for so barbarous a proceeding arose from the transaction mentioned in the former part of the narrative. Fisher, overjoyed at the success of the scheme by which he had defrauded Us creditors, forgot to retrain possession of the deed of conveyance by which he had made over his property to WorraL The thought occurred to Worral that if he could only get Fisher quietly out of the way, he would be able to claim possession of the property m right of that conveyance. This project had re peatedly occurred to him while Fisher was in gaol, and he had resolved even then either to re gain possession of the private agreement which compelled him to restore the property whenever it might be required, or to get rid of him entirely. Foiled in his scheme to obtain possession of this document by Fisher's unexpected liberation, he formed the diabolical scheme which he ultimately accomplished. Under the mask of friendship, be was Fisher's companion during the day, and night after night he watched Fisher's motions from the time ox his return from gaol, but had accidentally been foiled in every attempt he had made until the one on which the murder was committed. On that night he was, as usual, prowling about Fisher's cottage, looking for an opportunity to attain his ends, when Fisher, tempted by the beauty of the evening, left his house to take a walk, followed -at some distance by Worral. At the place where the blood was afterwards discovered Fisher stopped and leaned against the fence, apparently wrapped in deep thought. The assassin had now be fore nun the opportunity he had so long waited for, And taking up a broken panel of the fence he stole quietly behind him, and with one blow of his weapon stretched him lifeless on the ground.. He carried the dead body from the scene of the murder to the place where it was after wards7 discovered, and buried it deep in the sand. A few weekB after he had made the confession he expiated his crime on the scaffold, imploring with his last breath the forgiveness of his Maker. Some interesting particulars have recently been found with reference to Dick Sfceele's .senti mental comedy of ' The Conscious Lovers,' the name of which, together with that of its good natured author, is probably best known to modern readers through Thackeray's masterly historical novel of 'Esmond,' and his lectures on the ' English Humorists of the Eighteenth Century.' The play was published by Jacob Tonson, whom threatened piracy caused to appeal to the Court of Chancery. According to the chancery pleadings the amount which Tonson paid Steele for the play was JS40. But dramatic authorship, as well as all other kinds of authorship, was as yet, to be sure, only a sorry trade, so far as the emoluments which it brought from the publishers or tne public were concerned. 