'. -.'.'? I*©eal & Q©j?,ejral ,'' At tho City Police Court on January 8 'Frank Alford was charged on remand ' 'from the -tth inst. with having, during the ' month, of December lost, stolen from his employer, John M'Donald, one pair of ; blacksmith's tongs, four files, one chisel, ; one set of castors, one set of fire-irons, one carpenters draw-kmte, one augur, two ? ' rabbit trapp, one lamp, one copper boiler, and other articles valued at under .£10. After hearing the evidence the 'bench considered the charge proved. The owner of the goods, Mr M'Donald, stated that accused was a sober and indus trious workman, and he believed that he Lad taken them more from absentminded ' ness than anything else. He was sentenced to'fltb weeks' imprisonment. RbIt is stated that Sir GrahainBerry, who. is returning to 'Victoria on the expiration: of his term as Agent-General in .London, will on his arrival be asked to stand at the next elections as a candidate for his .old 'constituency, Geelong. ,' , . ;- *A DEBTBtrcTiVE fire broke out in a ?thickly timbered part of the town, of uroKen mil on January oca, put notwithstanding the great scarcity' of ?water, two residents gave the, last few hundred gallons they possessed, and the fire was put out. Its is atated that when fires occur now the only thing to be done iei to- cover them with dust and pull down the adjacent buildings. Another fire broke out on the following night in Chapman's boarding-house, Oxide- street, which spread toother wooden buildings close by, con sisting of the offices of the shearers' union and others, and a stone building owned by : ' . a printer named Mr Waugh, the plant and ; stock of which were worth £2000. The ,'? ' ? latter -building was soon gutted. , The fire spread up ' Oxide-street till it reached \ , Sayer's Crown Hotel and. brewery, . a, wooden building. By the ' efforts of the fire brigade and the people the progress of the fire was at length arrested. The danger is now pretty well over. The total damage must reach £6000 or 47000. Thb members of' the Pharmaceutical Society' of Tasmania held their first annual meeting at their rooms, Miller's Chambers, January 6. The president (Mr A. P. Miller) presided, and there was a fair attendance of members. The president and members of the Court of Medical Examiners sent fraternal greetings. The report and balance-sheet having been adopted,' Mr A. P; Miller was re-elected president for the ensuing year, and the following gentlemen the officers of the society : — Vice-president and chairman of the northern branch, Mr F. K. Fairthorne j treasurer, Mr T. H. Gould ; hon. secretary arid registrar, Mr Horace Weston; auditors, Messrs Mason and Percy Ash. Messrs Cart Eberhard and Cyrus L. Hodgman were re-elected members of the council, and Totesof thanks were accorded to the retiring ' ' officers. The president, in returning thanks, «aid he had been present at the first meet ing of the Pharmaceutical Society of Tioteria, and although the Tasmanian society could not claim to possess so large a membership, yet far greater progress had been made during the first year here than was accomplished in Victoria, and he en couraged members to press forward the aims and objects of the society. Mr Leonard Bodway, L.D.S., R.C.S., Eng., and Mr Samuel Clemes were elected honorary members of the society, and cordial votes ef thanks were passed to them and 'to Mr -Peroy Ash for their kind assistance in the botany and chemistry classesduringthe past session; ' A meeting of the creditors in the estate ' of Matthias Larkin, late secretary of the ; South Melbourne Permanent Building and Investment Society, has been held before the chief clerk of the Tictorian Insolvency Court. . Debts were, proved amounting to £46,031 8s 4d. This sum is considerably in excess of the liabilities filed by the in solvent, for his schedule showed debts £18,000, and a deficiency of only £5000. All moneys collected in the estate are to be . paid into the National Bank at South Mel bourne. Owb Latrobe correspondent, writing 8th inst., : Bfcys :— The only business before the Court of General Sessions of the Peace this . morning was the appointing of a Licensing Bench for the district of Latrobe for the year 1892. The following magis trates were on the bench :— Mr P. C. Max well, P.M., Messrs F. C. Greene, and S. Sternberg, J's.P. The following gentlemen ? were appointed as a Licensing Bench : — Mr P. C.Maxwell.P.M. (chairman), Messrs F.C. Greene, F. S. Thomas, Geo. Ingram, and W. S. Allanby, J's.P.— People in this dis trict are beginning to wonder when the summer is going to begin, as there has not been more than three days' summer weather yet. Oub Penguin correspondent furnishes the following particulars of a painful acci dent .which happened to Mr Elijah Spinks, about 20 years of age, at the Penguin Saw Mills, on Wednesday, Sth. It appears he had : a crowbar in his hand, which was balanced on a beam, when a log came down on one end of it. This caused the bar to spring, up suddenly, as it did so one end caught Spinks under his chin, inflicting a nasty- gash two or three inches long and nearly an .incjb.,deep, besides breaking three .teeth. The sufferer managed to walk to .Mr-Wade's chemist shop, where it was found . necessary to insert two stitches in the'- wound. The force of the blow can be '?'? conjectured from the fact that after the bar struok Spinks it flew through the air 8ome;30£t, narrowly missing another em ployee on its track. ..?;..??'. Aip.the recent Melbourne Matriculation Examination/Miss M. E. Leggett, pupil of theVBroadland House School (Miss J. C. Hogg,, principal), was a successful candi ate. She passed: in the . following sub ::'?:':?'?: eta :?— English, Latin, German, Frenoh (honours), history, arithmetic, and algebra: Eight pupils from the school have now ob tained honours in French in the matricula tion examinations. Miss Leggett gained a Council's Exhibition two years ago, and is under 16 years of age. The Ballarat Courier learns that a colony of the local ?' submerged' is to bo founded within the 10-acre block, late the property of Mr Ware Copeland, and bouncied by Ligar-6treet on the west and Hotvitt-street on the south. Mr Copeland has sold the property to ' Commissioner' Coonibes, of the Salvation Army, for £950, and the estate is to be the seat of an industrial farm with members of the Prison Gate Brigade and their proteges as the workers. Pig and poultry breeding, garden and orchard culture, we . understand, are to bo at once started at the farm. The South' Australian Government has justpssod an Amended Chinese Immigra tion Act providing that Chinese who are naturalised in any colony which will give South Australian Chinese reciprocal ad vantages shall be permitted to enter South Australia at will.' Consideration is being given by the 'Victorian Gbvernment to the propriety of withdrawing the restrictions on the entrance to Victoria of South Aus tralian unmese, so as to aJiow ot tne; inter change which is contemplated1, by the South Australian act between these neigh bouring territoriesl At a meeting of the; Ballarat Trades' and Labour Council, Mr. J. Porter, J. P., representative of the Miners' Association, said he. had been informed a number of Russian Jews had arrived secretly in the colony, and were now located in the Hor sham district, following agricultural pur suits. He said there had been much talk about the settlement of the submerged tenth in Australia, but ? it seemed as if a submerged twentieth were about to come to those shores. Mr Porter urged the council to make prompt enquiry as to the arrival of the Russian Jews, who, being serfs, would be very undesirable colonists. It was resolved to write to the Horsham Trades Council, making enquiry as' to the truth of the rumour, and if the report proved cor rect, immediate steps would' be takon to induce the' trade bodies - of the colony to protest against the immigration of so un desirable a class. . ? ' . A vebt sudden death took place ,on o : x l j ? ? ?_ _i ? -n«-_ *r tt rr:ii_ oaijuruay mormag wneu lur U...O.. xluih, who carried on business as ? a' butcher at the corner of the Esplanade and Bala clava-street, Inveresk, was found dead on his 'premises. The deceased it is stated had been ailing for some time past. We have received a number of circulars by the San Francisco mail from the Intelli gence Department connected, .with the Great World's Fair. They state that a splendid exhibit from Australia is assured, comprising minerals, education, forestry, and wool. '''.''..'-. ' , The following .items relating to Tas mania are contributed by ' Anglo Australian ' to the European Mail of December 4: — I- am informed that the financing of the Hobart Tramways Com pany is now about complete. Mr Ladelle's undertaking for the TasmanianCo- operati ve Saw Mills has proved altogether successful, and he and his little company are now on their way . to the ' island colony. It seems a pity that the Graham Berry ban quet at St. George's Club and the reading of Sir Edward Braddon's paper at the Royal Colonial Institute should have fallen together, for there are many prominent Antipodean colonists in London juBt now who would like to attend both, but cannot. Many will, no doubt, rush down to the Whitehall Rooms to catch the discussion on. Sir Edward's papar, after putting in an appearance at St. George's, but it will be a tight squeeze in suoh cases. Eechnt cable messages have reported a rising in Pabanpr in the Malay Peninsula, and the step3 taken by the British autho rities for its suppression. In a paper' read by Mr W. E. Maxwell, C.M.G., before the Royal Colonial Institute on November 10, it was stated that Pahang, though the largest of the native states, had been the last to come under British rule. It has a coast line of about 130 miles on the China sea. Since 1889 the revenue has been collected by British agency, and in 1890 it amounted to 62,077 dollars only, while the oivil list of the Sultan and his chiefs absorbed 58,605 dollars. English officers serving under the orders of the resident are ' stationed at Kuala, Pahang, Kuala Kuantan, Rumpin, and Ulu Pahang. The capital ia a town called Pekan, situated at the mouth of the Pahang river. The popu lation of .Pahang is estimated at 35,000. We understand that the chairman of the Latrobe Water Trust (Rov. W. Hogg) has reserved from the engineer, Mr Starr, the plans for the headworks for steam instead of hydraulic power. The substitu tion of steam for water driving power will exclude from the headworks one of the most expensive parts of the work, and steam is in every way considered more economical in this instance. The Leven is now becoming a popular resort for pleasure and health seekers, and during the holidays a large number of people from Hobart, this city, and the country along the Western line have fre quented this splendid watering place. To make tourists and excursionists comfort able, Mr Fred E. Howes, the enterprising proprietor of the Ulverstone Hotel, has had ;he house thoroughly renovated, improved the stabling, and generally spared no pains to make the hotel the best on the coast. It now affords accommodation for over fifty persons, is well stocked with the best of wines, etc., and is managed in a thoroughly business-like manner, A laboe and representative meeting of journalists was held at the Cathedral Hotel,: Melbourne; on Saturday evening for the purpose of considering :the question of torokiny an1 association on the lines of- the Institution . of Journalists. Apologies for unavoidable absence were received from Mr Deakin, M.L.A., Mr Purves, Mr Winter, Mr Roberts (editor of the Standard), Mr Wheeler (leader of the Hansard s*aff), and others. Mr Dow, M.L.A., was voted to the chair, and after Mr M'Donald and Mr Topping had explained the objects of tho gathering, it was resolved — ' That in the opinion of' this meeting it is desirable that an institute of journalists, on lines agreeing with the Chartered Institute of Journalists of Great Britain, be formed for the Australian colonies, and that the Australian Institute of Journalists be now established,' Mr W. V. Kobinson (Clerk of the Legislative Assembly) being the mover, and Mr Morgan (assistant Bub-editor of the Age) the seconder of the motion. A committee was appointed to prepare regulations for the new corporation, the gentlemen entrusted with this duty being Messrs Dow, Robin son, Middieton, Stephens, Melvin, Schuler, Cunningham, Blackham, Whittaker, Fricker, Ellis, H. R. Jones, Macdonald, Latnbie, Edgar, Oakley, Mitchell, Knowlosi, Pritchard, Short, and Salter. . Fnoar Messrs Walch Bros, arid Birchall, of Brisbane-street, Launceston, we have received ' Eeal Ghost Stories,' being the Christmas number of the Review of Reviews. Somfl months aero Mr W. T. Stead the editor, who has always a keen eye for any thing of a novel or sensational character, invited contributors everywhere through put the world to forward authentic ac counts of ghost stories and supernatural apparitions and occurrences, and this has been liberally responded to, the present number being occupied with a series of blood-curdling stories of wraiths and spooks, which would satisfy the most insatiable of spiritualists. A mere enu meration . of the titles; of the different chapters ' will indicate the nature of the \- material which has been digested and ar ranged by Mr Stead. Chief among these , are ' Ghosts of the living in business,' ' Apparitions at or about death,' ' Ghosts of the dead,' ' Evil Spirits,' . and ' Tangible Ghosts.' The number is illus trated ' with numerous portraits and sketches, and the reader who cares to peruse the stories may revel in the mysterious and sup full of horrors. Indeed, so sensational are some of the incidents that, at the suggestion of Catholics, theoso phists, and spiritualists, Mr Stead prefaces the chapters with a caution against putting the number into the hands or children of tender years, people of morbid excitability, or excessively nervous temperament. He says the latest students of the subject con cur in the solemn warning addressed in the sacred writings to those who have dealings with familiar spirits, or who expose them selves to the horrible consequences of possession, and that as the latent possi bilities of our complex personality are so imperfectly understood all experimenting in hypnotism, spiritualism, etc., excepting in the most careful and reverend spirit, by the moBt level-headed persons, had much better be avoided. From; the Government statistician's report of the vital statistics, of the registration districts of Hobart and Laun cestori for December, 1891, we gather that there were 146 births— 84 males and 62 females. This shows an increas* of 21 births as compared with the corresponding month last year, and an' increase of 18'20 as compared with the average of the births registered in December during the last five-yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the two districts the pro portions of births registered were — For Hobart, 2 37} for Laucceston, 2-88 ; all, 2-57. The deaths registered in December, in Hobart and Launceston, numbered 112 — 67 males and 45 females. 41 deaths, or 36*61 per cent, of the whole, took place in public institutions. The total number of deaths registered in the two districts during December, 1891, is more than that for the corresponding month last year by 11, and showa an increase of 10 as compared with the average number of deaths registered in December during the last five-yearly period. To every 1009 of the population of the respective divisions the proportions of deaths registered were las follows : — Hobart, I'M; Launceston, 2 39 ; all, 197. The deaths under five years of age num bered 3O, or 2679 per cent., of which 26 were under 1 year of age; the deaths between 5 and 65 years of age numbered 50, or 44 '64 per cent. ; and the deaths 65 years and upwards numbered 31, or 27'68 per cent. ; and the deaths unspecified numbered 1, or '89 per cent. The statistical record of the births and deaths in all the country districts during the month gives the following totals : — Births, 267; deaths, 104. Ottb Burnie correspondent writes: — At the police court on Saturday, before A. K. Chapman, S.M., Thos. M. Atkinson,, charged on warrant with - obtaining goods at Zeehan by means of valueless cheques, was remanded for eight days, awaiting arrival of the 'warrant. ? Oub Evandale correspondent reports that great sympathy is expressed through out the district for the respected Warden (Mr Alfred Tottl), one of whose sons was accidentally drowned recently while bath ing in the South Esk river.— The usual monthly meeting of the Evandale Muni cipal Council was held on Monday last, when a vote of sympathy was passed to the Warden, who feelingly thanked his fellow councillors. A memorial was received from a number of residents of Lymington asking for permission to graze their cows on the roads, but the Council decided they could not give ? permis sion, though if some person were in charge of the animals no police action was likely to be taken. The- salaries were fixed at the same as last year, and the Warden was re-elected treasurer. The treasurer reported a balance of £52 in hand, and a rate of 7d in the pound for the urrenfc year was declared. The Council then sat as a Local Board of Health. It was decided to cover tho open drain on the main road down Sam Hall's hill, and tho board had no objection to Mr Hogarth erecting a bone mill at Breadalbane if the necessary preliminaries were complied with. — The Church of England anniver sary services were fairly successful. — Ellis Newton has visited Evandale, and promised to come again, but his movements are more suited to your advertising columns. The current Contemporary Review con tains Sii.- Edward Braddon's defence of the Autipodeans from tho attacks which Mr Christie Murray has made upon their man ners' and customs. The Agent-General for Tasmania has no difficulty in showing (says the London correspondent of the Argus) that the strictures of the novelist are undeserved, but while exposing the ignoranco of the writer and administering a severe but well-deserved caatigation, Sir Edward Braddon keeps his indignation well within bounds, and does not become personally offensive in his criticiams. It is, however, impossible to read his serious refutation of exaggerations very similar to those in which most globe-trotters indulge, without being reminded of the remark anent the employment of Nasmyth's ham mer to crush an egg-shell. One 'of the most beautiful as well as recent productions or American inventive genius is a card made from wood. By the employment of very keen and powerful machinery a transverse, section, about the thickness of an ordinary card, is cut from the block, both faces of the slice being per, fectly smooth and showing the rings off annual growth, the intervening structure, when held up to the light, looking like :very delicate crape. Contrary to what might be expected, these cards possess a large amount of toughness and elasticity, whilst matter printed upon .them stands out with great distinctness,' the natural workings of the timber having an elegant appearance. The wood used is American maplp, and the cards are cut into sizes adapted for ladies' and gentlemen's visiting cards. A small supply, the first probably ever imported into Tasmania, has been received at this office, and we recommend an early inspection by persons desiring BomethiDg both unique and elegant. Some of these cards are now on view at the Examiner Court in the Exhibition build ing, where ladies and gentlemen can have their names and addresses printed whilst watching the process. jhb J5T0ABT lhiange, agent ior me jjow-. down Buckeye reaper and binder, has. received a number of gratifying testi monials from farmers who have recently made or witnessed trials of the machine. The farms on which it has been tested during the past week or so are these of the hon. Thos. Reibey, Entally ; Mr Chas. D. Peters, Fin gal ; Mr K. S. Glaadow, Hadspen ; and Mr, W. Bevcridge, Bishops bourne ; and in each case the practical result has been sales of machines. The points on which the testimonials shown us lay special strep are the lightness of draught, two ordinary horses being ample, and the excellence of cutting and tying up the sheaves. . The quarterly meeting* of the Ringa rooma and Scottsdale circuit was held in the latter place on January 5 (reports a correspondent). The attendance was un usually good. The income for the quarter was slightly in excess of the expenditure, and it was decided that the small credit balance should be used to reduce the circuit overdraft of £25, which ha3 been in existence for years. During the quarter the Bev. J. L. Cope, from Queen's College, Melbourne, was appointed to live at Glad stone and work amongst the miners. To wards his support Mrs Gibson, of Scone, generously contributes £30 a year, and the Home. M. committee made a special grant of £25. It was resolved that the conference be asked to sanction the division of the circuit, that a married preacher be sent to Ringarooma and a probationer appointed to the Scottsdale circuit. It is intended to hold a bazaar and sale of gifts in Scotts dale in the beginning of April to reduce the trust debt. A correspondent writes : — It may be of interest to thoBe of your readers who take an interest in the progress of a Tasmanian, to know that Mr C. W. Adams (who lectured the other evening at Hobart in connection with the ' Science Congress') was educated at the Campbell Town Grammar School, when Dr. Carr Boyd was head master. After leaving that institution Mr Adams went to the North-West Coast, where he . was for some time under the late Mr J. M. Dooley. Mr Adams's home iB in New Zea land, where by hard work and good abilities he has attained to the important position or cmer surveyor oi utago. Mb R. J. Babbett, son of Mr Abraham Barrett (an ex- Mayor of Lannceston), writing to friends in this city, notifies his appointment to the position of first assis tant master to Mr Chapman, who has taken the position of Mr Barrett, senior, as prin cipal of the Arthur-street school, Dunedin, N.Z. This appointment has been won entirely on his own merits, Mr Barrett having secured the best record of all the candidates. Mr. Barrett, sen., leaves Dunedin for Tasmania in the s.s. Mararoa on the 24th inst. ' Longford Notes' wrires on Wednes day :— The usual monthly Court of General Sessions was held this morning. Present — Messrs W. H. D. Archer, T. K. Arthur, and A. M. Mackinnon J's.P. The first business was the election of a chairman for the year, the first-named gentleman being again chosen. The former Licensing Bench were also re-elected, namely Messrs W. H. D. Archer, T. R. Arthur, H. Gatenby, A. M. Mackinnon, arid J. Wilmore. These justices appoint a chairman at their next meeting. .The ordinary business was then proceeded with. There were no defended cases, but judgment in a number had'been ntered up by the registrar) several had also been withdrawn. Several judgment summonses were dealt with.— A meeting of the Anglican parsonage building committee was held yesterday afternoon, when it was decided to call the congregation together again on Tuesday next and submit a fresh plan to them for their approval or other wise. — Copies of our new assessment roll ' are now being hung up at the various places of worship, po3t-oflko3, etc., in the municipality, for tho special edification of ? the ratepayers thereof. Any of the afore said, therefore, wishing to appeal against the figures shown had better peruse them carefully without delay, and attend to the brief instructions contained in tho preface to the volume, or, for the succeeding eleven months of the year 1892 hold their peace. The January sittings of the Court of Requests in its £50 jurisdiction were com menced at tho Court House, Patterson street on Tuesday,. before his Honor Com: mis8ioner Waterhouse and juries of three. Two cases were adjourned until the February , court, and one ' was ' mutually arranged to be, decided by tho Com missioner , in Chambers. ' The ' action of Bear y. Dpcksey, claim for, damages .for breach of agreement, w'p.s concluded, a verdict being awarded to the plaintiff for the nominal sum of Is. The court then adjourned until next day, put of respect for the late :Mr;T. B. Prosser. whn to-k, ...n officer |of., tho Supremo Court. Nearly V the whole of Wednesday . last, was occupied at theCourtof Requests in hearing the two cases which remained on the cause list in.the £50 jurisdiction, adjourned from Tuesday. ; In the action Eraser v. the com missioners of the Ta8inan.iaa Exhibition, / A the plaintiff, an elderly man, described * himself as a labourer, who was anxious lio obtain employment as' a watchman. or in some . similar capacity at the Exhibition. He was allowed to tell his own story in the. witness box, which he ,' did in a rambling, ' ' but amusing manner that evoked a good, deal of merriment in court. Unfortunately for him, however, when he had only got half through it, an unforseen event occurred, and the action suddenly collapsed owing to the plaintiff's inability to inform the- court who had engaged him at tho Exhi bition. A non-suit was accordingly entered. The principal feature in the last case, M'Cafferiy v. Pateraon, was the quantity, of bad language used. The plaintiff sued the defendant, Mrs Paterson, oiimer of the s.s. Indignant, to recover a month's salary for alleged wrongful dismissal. The defendant's counsel claimed that his client plaintiff for haying been grossly insulting , by calling her in the presence of a number of others 'a liar.' . The plaintiff's counsel alleged that his client had not used the term disrespectfully. The case occupied nearly five hours. At a well-attended meeting of the Eight Hours Demonstration Committee held in the Workmen's Club Wednesday, the secretary reported he had received favourable re-, plies from tho country bands in connection with the procession. Superintendents J. Coulter and R. Betmell were appointed marshals. The Mayor has consented to lose for traffic that portion of St. John street from the Town Hall to the wharf, - and the various streets through whiok the proceaBion will pass, from 9 a.m. to lOSO a.m. The banners from Melbourne and Hobart are expected on the 21st inst. Messrs D. Davis and P. G-. Monaghan were appointed judges, Mr J. Barwick starter, and it, vras decided to ask Mr E. A. Nathan to act as referee. The colours of the association were decided to be very light blue (Tasmanian colour). Pianofortes. ..Organs, Brasa and Stringed Instruments. Time payment, or discount tot, oash. Waioh Brothers and Birohah. ' ? !- ? ? 