THE CULT OF TIlE GHOSTLY (REVIEW ou' IuEVrwa ) The unanimous verdiat of all those who have read " More Ghost Stories " is that it reprosents an immense advance upon " Ieal Ghost Stories." "More OhotSrorics " has had the extraordinary good fortune to please the most diverse olbsses of readers. A (atho. lie priest came down to the ollice the other day to say that ho had read every word of our New Year's. number, and. was ian. meosely delighted to find that, studiinr' the subject from an entirely independent stand. point, I had arrived at exactly the same conclusions as the Catholic Church. " It you had studied for the priesthood yeo could not have stated more precisely the views of Rome." ' On the other hand, the Theosophists, whose faith is declared in the Mluv/th to be of a devil, are equally pleased with the conolh dione at which I have arrived, although Mrs. Besant somewhat regrets a pasarge in the " Plea for the Tar Barrel. Still more strange t- say, the Spiritualists, judging from their interesting weekly organ LiyAt, concur almost entirely with the warnings that I have thought it necessary to utter as to the danger of redkless and india. criminate experimentaliseing. The comments of the Proes have been almost without ex ception complimentary, it being the declared opinion of our criticsn that, for thrilling iitereat..aud suggestiveness, "' More Ghost Stories," is unrivalled. The interest whieb the subject has excited may be said literally to extend all over the earth. From the uttermost parts of'the world, I receive letters from correspondents who. have had mota'or less mysterious experiences which they desire to elucidate by the aid of the latedt researchers in occult things. SI have also had some curious experiences of my own which demand furthdr investigationi. If the'conclusions to which the phen'sneun pointare substantiated, we are in a fair way of establishing, on an incontrovertible bais, as a scientific and ascertained fact, the existence of iutcllirences other than those which are encased in the ordinary material of human bodies. Evidence as to the facts of clairvoyanco and of the reality of the Double accumulates, and I have already in hand hie compilation of yet a third ghostly publication to be issued at midsummer, under the title of "'Ghosts up to Date." To many, ghosts at mideurniner will no doubt seem an inauchtonism, but that is s mply because the or3]oary person's ideas of a ghost ate conventional and false. Ghosts, if they exist at all, are just as rife at midsummer us at midwinter, and as we shall have more time to prepare " Ghosts tip to Date" than we had either for " Real Ghost Stories " or " More (ih~ast Stories," I hope that we shall be able, in our third publication, to satisfy even the most incredulous that we have neot been for the last few months on a wild goose chase after himerase. It Is lno use putting your hand to such a thing as this and then drawing back. We have got to put the thing through, and I renew my invitation to all those persons who have had experiences of the Double, or of clairvoyancn, or of ghosts, properly so called, to communicate with me. Ihave now twoinvitations to spend a holiday in haunted houses, but what with the County Council election, and the im minent approach of the General elections, I am afraid the ghosts will have to wait a bit. Others who have more leisure will, I hnpe, furnish me with the information which is necessary.. Wliat is wanted is to. have evidence that 'will satisfy. say,, Mr. Ray Lankester and ,Mr. Maskelyne. as to the reality,of the phenomena in question.. 