THE LATE CARDINAL MANNING. I j i : The death of HiB Eminence Henry Edward Manning, Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, deprives the religious world of one of its leading prelates, English Catholic® of their chief, and the world of an enthusiastic social reformer. Cardinal Manning, who was of very advanced age, had been in failing health for a considerable time, out only within the past few days had his condition given cause for serious alarm. His death was hastened by an acute attack of congestion of tho lungs. Cardinal Manning died in his eighty-fourth year. He was the son of the late Mr. William Manning, a London merchant, formerly Governor of the Bank of England, and for many years M.P. for Evesham, and mibsequently for Penrhvn. He was born on J uly 15, 1808, in the village of Totteridge. Hertfordshire, and went to be educated ac Harrow, which is near to his native place. Among his contemporaries at the anoiont school wore such men as Lord Claud Hamilton, Lord Dalliousio (sometime Governor-General of India), L)rd Abercorn, Bishop Charles Wordsworth, and Archbishop Trench. From Harrow tho future Cardinal went to Baliol College, Oxford, and in 1830, at twenty- two, he graduated B.A., with iirst-class classical honours. On the same class- list were Professor Anstice, who became famous for his lyric translations from the Greek tragedies, and Henry Wilberforce. Afterwards he was elected tellow of Merton College, and having taken holy orders in the Established Church he became a Select Preacher at Oxford—a very high distinction indeed. In 1834 we find the Cardinal ttu.'tur of Lavington with Grafiham in Sussex, il 'ie lie remained till 18-10, when he was raised to the Arc-hdeaconry of Chester. One of the foremost men in the English Church at that time remarked—" It is about the most • perfect appointment that ever was made. Manning is a truly wise and holy man, devoted, selfsacrificing, mild, and loving." It is worth noticing here traces of what may be considered unconscious Romanisui in Dr. Manning's theological views. Even when Rector on the South Downs in hia sermon on " The English Church ; its Succession and Witness for Christ," occurs the following expression:—"For the first 1,500 yaars of Christianity Christ's earthly Church waa one, and His ministry one, till apostolic unity of faith and practice withered away in the hollow sameness of the Romish ceremonial." As Archdeacon Manning the deceased puolislied four volumes of sermons of considerably uote— sermons which innumerable young ministers learnt by heart, and which were remarkable for emotion and advanced intellectual thought. His series cf discourses before the University of Oxford, printed from 1844 to 1850, Jvon for the preacher fame as an orator, and set out to some extent the track upon which the Archdeacon was destined to enter a few years later. The Cardinal himself dated as far back as 1SSS his first public act in that direction. This act consisted in nothing more nor less than the publication of a letter addressed to the Bishop of Chichester. The letter waa followed np by a small volume entitled "The Rule of Faith." But it is generally conceded that the red breaking of the tie to the English Church was in 1810, when the Archdeacon published "The Unity of the Church." His formal secession from the Established Church of England dates back to 1851, six years after the late Cardinal Newman went over to Roman Catholicism. The historic event was hastened by the Gorham case, the result of which was to leave the baptismal regeneration question virtually an open one in the English Church. Strong protests against the decision were entered by Manning, Archdeacon Wilberforce, and Professor Mill, who circulated that memorable declaration among the clergy. "The recent sentence of the Crown in the case of Mr. Gorham's appeal having shown that the powers exercised by the State in the administration of ecclesiastical discipline," it was said, " extend even to the most purely spiritual questions of faith and doc-trine, it becomes an absolute duty for those who are bound by oath and subscription to the existing state of the law to examine and to declare in what sense they understand the spremacy to which under such solemn obligations they are committed. . . . Our present desire is to ascertain to what extent the necessity of obtaining amendment of the Statute law in this particular is felt; and our future intention is, if circumstances shall justify our hope, to endeavour to prevail on some members of the Legislature to undertake the conduct of this great and momentous question." This was the declaration enclosed:—" 1. That we have hitherto acknowledged, and do now acknowledge, the supremacy of the Crown in ecclesiastical matters to be a supreme civil power overall persons and causes in temporal things and over the temporal accidents of spiritual things. 2. That we do not, and in conscience cannot, acknowledge the power recently exercised to hear and judge in appeal the internal state and merits of spiritual questions touching doctrine or discipline, the custody of which is committed to the Church alone by the law of Christ. We therefore, for the relief of our own conscience, hereby publicly declare that we acknowledge the Royal supremacy in the sense above stated and in no other." The decision of the Court was, however, generally accepted, and Archdeacon Manning resigned his preferments and joined the Romish Church. The Cardinal himself, in explanation in after years of his reason for becoming a Roman Catholic, said—I have had no other motive than a perpetual and ardent desire to give to others the truth as God has given it to me, and am fully conscious of the great imperfections of the books which I wrote while as yet I knew the revelation of the day of Pentecost only in a broken and fragmentary way. As I saw the truth so 1 spoke it, not without cost to myself. But I had no choice. I could not but declare that which was evidently to me "the truth as it is in Jesus," the works which I then published, even without the private records which I have by me, are enough to mark the progressive but slow and never-receding advance of my convictions, f.om the first conception of a visible Church, its succession and virtues for Christ to the full perception and manifestation of its Divine organization of head and members, and of its supernatural prerogatives of indefectible life, indissoluble unity, infallible discernment, and enunciation of the Faith. Those books have a unity that is of progress, and a directness of movement, always affirming positively and definitely such truths of the perfect revelation of God as successively rose upon me. I was one manu tentans, meridie cceeutins, but a Divine guide, as yet unknown to me, always led me on. I can well remember at the outset of my life as a pastor, as I then already believed, the necessity of a Divine commission forced itself upon pie; nest, how the necessity of ^ ]} : vVua certainty for the message I had to deliver became, if possible, more evident, A divine, that is an infallible, message by a human messenger is 6till the truth of God; but a human or fallible message by a messenger having a divine commission would be a source of error, illusion, and all evil. I then perceived the principle of Christian tradition as an evidence of the truth and of the visible unity of the Church as the guarantee of that tradition. But it was many years before I perceived that such a Christian tradition was no more than human, and therefore fallible. I had reached the last point to which human history could guide me towards the Church of God. There remained one point more—to know that the Church was not only a human witness in the order of history but a divine witness in the order of supernatural facts." Confirmed on April 13, 1851, by the very Prelate whom he afterwards Eucceeded'in the Archiepiscopate at Westminster, he was ordained to the priesthood in the Romish Church, and in three months from his confirmation he had become a full ecclesiastic. In the autumn of the same year he entered the Academia Ecclesiastica at Rome, and excepting when he went to England each summer he remained there studying the theology of the Church he had joined till 1S54, in which year at the instance of Cardinal Wiseman the Pope admitted him to the degree of D.D. Soon after his return to England be founded the Congregation of the Oblates of St. Charles at Bayswater. This work, which took three years to organise, was completed in June, 1857. Dr. Manning was elected Superior of the Congregation, and held the position for nearly eight years. Meanwhile, though he was Provost of Westminister aud Protnonotary Apostolic, so great was his progress, that on June 8, 1865, upon the death of Cardinal Wiseman, he was consecrated Archbishop of Westminister in the presence of all the Roman Catholic powers and the representatives of the principal families attached to the Catholic communion in England. Four years later h9 attended the Vatican Council, and by his discourses of writings contributed very largely to the passing of the decree which assigned infallibility to the Pontiff. In 1875 the Archbishop became a Cardinal Priest. He was elevated to this office on March 15, took the oath and received the biretta on the ICib, and the ring and crosier on the 31st. On the last day of the month he assumed the title of SS. Andrew and Gregory on the Ctelian HilL About a thousand of the British residents in Rome, Protestant as well as Catholic, attended the ceremony, and the new Cardinal, after an Italian address to the Monks of St. Gregory, preached a sermon in English. Pope Pius IX. invested him with the Cardinal's Hat in a consistoiy at the Vatican on December 31, 1S77. Cardinal Manning was practically his own Pope in England. His life in the Archi- < piscopate is referred to elsewhere. As a social reformer and worker in the interests of the toiling masses his efforts oall for particular notice. Ever since his elevation to offices which might have occasioned opposition the Cardinal retained a great influence in England, The venerable Archbishop's opinions were sought and followed on a great many questions of the day. To him the social question was the greatest of all. He cared for tho jieople with a loving heart; he yearned for their uplifting. We need only go back to the great strike at the London doclcs, tho circumstances of which are still fresh in puolic memory, to pet an instance of his practical care for them. Few have asked for his advice in vain. Ho loved to help the poor at all costs, though he was ever ready to act in the interests of employer and labourer alike. Education was one of his great theme3. He maintained that School Board religion was denominational as against the Catholics, and ho favoured having tho Catholic schools under the inspection of tho County Coancilas regards education and tho general welfare of the (children in return for tho privilege of sharing in the rates monopolized by the Board Schools. Tho Cardinal was a member of the Royal Coirmission on Education. His idea was that religions education should be imparted after the s lioul hours, under the supervision of tho County Council, and be solely controlled by tho religious body that had the light of instruction by voluntary contributions. Ho opposed the Education Act of 1S70 because it failed to provide for auy doctrinal teaching, and refused assistance to the voluntary schools, and he strongly disapproved of the Free Education Act, because free education agreed to by the English Parliament must be secular. The crusade for the suppression of the liquor traffic had a vigorous champion in the late Cardinal. Himself a total abstainer from alcoholic drinks, ho was ever rousing the Church to stamp out the evil of drink, and in the Cmiichijiorcry Ecriew not long ago protested strongly cgainst tho proposal to apply public revenue to the support of the liquor trade. He was President of the Total Abstinence League of the Cross. In addition to the duties that devolved ux.cn him in organizing his Diocese and founding new illusions, his sympathies went out strongly towards the children. A well-known writer, who was intimately acquainted with his spheres of Labour, recently remaiked—"Cardinal Manning has the advantage of having lived in the ordinary human relations. When he speaks of tha homo as the sacred foundation of society, he did'ere from the Roman priest, who by tho conditions of his callicg i§ homeless and T?ifel?§§. Cardinal Manning has been married. Ha has bad a home. He is, therefore, not cut off as by an abyss from the lives of other men. His love for children is with him an abiding passion." In conjunction with the Rev. Benjamin Waugh, tho Director of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, ti,e Cardinal published "The Child of the English Savage," which first stirred the conscience of English people to their regard for outcast children, and through the Cardinal Her Majesty the Queen intimated her inteution to become patroness of the Society referred to. To the agitation in favour of the Criminal Law Amendment Act a few years ago, he also lent his support. He was a great helper to the Home Rule cause, and movements in favour of the abolition of slavery also found in him a warm hearted advocate. Together with Cardinal Gibbons—it was an open secret—the deceased prelate spared no effort to convince the Vatican that " the time of the dynasties is past, and that the era of the peoples has fully dawned." Cardinal Manning had been an active member of nearly every Mansion House Committee, whether for the London Hospitals, the unemployed, the settlement of labour disputes, or the relief of distress in Eneland and elsewhere. Bis charitable work, bis efforts on behalf of the orphans, and the attention he has f.iven to such matters as the housing of th] poor are known to all. A year ago the Cardinal wrote a most eloquent letter, read at the meeting in the Guildhall, London, in connection with the persecution of the Jews in Russia. Cardinal Manning was prevented by a severe cold from attending the meeting, and, therefore, sent his written opinions on the momentous question which then agitated, and still is agitating the public mind. One expression then made by the Cardinal is worth quoting—"The personal and domestic duties'of the Czar are, indeed, a sure pledge that he is incapable of harshness to the least of his subjects; and the illustrious lady who skates his throne like her Royal sister, to whom all Englishmen are chivalrously devoted, is a supreme guarantee of the Imperial justice and clemency." To the Cardinal the Nonconformists were nearer in their approach to the Romish Church than the Anglicans, and the Quakers the nearest of the Nonconformists. "The Quakers," he said, "hold fast to the fundamental truth of the reality of the work of the Holy Ghost. They limit the workings of the Divine Spirit to the individual soul of man. All that they need to learn to come into the fulness of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Church of God." On June 8, 1890, the Cardinal's Episcopal jubdee was celebrated, and on that occasion His Eminence was the recipient of many congratulations aud gifts. In October of the same year, when by the way a discussion took place as to the Cardinal's precedence, an address from the Jewish community was presented to him. At the time of his jubileee most appreciative characteristic sketches oi the life of the Cardinal were made by the newspaper Press. One of the best describing the Cardinal at home, stated :—" The sanctum sanctorum of His Eminence is a very litter of confusion to the eye of the rare visitors admitted within its sacred precincts, but to the eye of its owner it is far otherwise; to liini, apparently, there is a place for everything, and everything is in its place. The Cardinal sits in the centre of a rampart of books, papers, and magazines heaped up all round his chair. You cannot help thinking that this is confusion worse confounded, but wait until there is need for reference to any volume or article bearing on the subject under discussion. Down swoops the hand of the Cardinal upon the very thing that is wanted, and the extract is reached and read before you would have time to go to the bookshelf. But it is not here that the Cardinal generally receives his guests. The intending visitor is received at the door by Mr. Newman—no sketch of the Archbishop's house would be complete without the silhouette of this faithful, quaint, old retainer, who has had the honour of being the much-trusted friend and servant of both Cardinal Wiseman and Cardinal Manning—and ushered into a small waiting-room leading out of the severely bare and spacious hall, built in somewhat old Roman fashion, short white marble steps leading to the first floor and reception-rooms. ' His Eminence will see you at once.' Up the stairs, through a large ante-chamber, and yon find yourself in the Cardinal's ordinary reception-room, lighted by four large windows. On the round table, placed somewhat close to the fireplace, so &S;> to leave the centre of the room free, lie a dozen books and pamphlets, curiously indicative, as a rule—they are changed and added to constantly—of Cardinal Manning's wide sympathies and catholicity of taste and culture. Mr. Henry James's 'Life of Nathaniel Hawthorne' lies next to Mrs. Alice Meynell's account of the work and mission of the Little Sisters of Nazareth; and a couple of programmes of the great Hyde Park Demonstration lie atop of a volume of 'The Fathers of the Desert.' It is clear that the Cardinal Archbishop is true to all his colours. A quick, light step can be heard ; a door on the right opens, and with a slight rustling of his scarlet soutane, over which is thrown a black cloak, Hia Eminence enters, the thin white hand, adorned with an archiepiscopal ring, held out in cordial salutation, or to receive the respectful kiss, if his ; visitor be one of the faithful. On first seeing the Cardinal people are generally struck with his look of fragility and delicacy. His extremely thin frame appears the more meagre by reason of his height; the sharp, clear-cut features, overhanging forehead, and deep-set eyes, covered by the small scarlet skull-cap, at once give the impression that you are before a recluse who is the very embodiment of austerity. Yet this would be an utter mistake. There is no man in London more eagerly interested in all that is i;oing on, and better up to date in all political, philanthropic, and religious movements than the Archbishop of Westminster. _ In a low, clear voice he informs himself of his visitor's business, going straight to the point with the directness andquiesude which are his _ greatest characteristics. Nothing can be kinder and more courteous than his manner and speech to strangers. Never at fault to find the right subject to discuss, His Eminence always utters during the audience some word of warning or counsel which will remain, and he never fails to ask liis visitors to come and see him again ; often he presents them with one of his own works to take away as a souvenir of their visit to the Archbishop's house; and to children brought to see him he gives a picture or medaL As is well known to those who have the privilege of often seeing the Cardinal, the question of temperance seems to hitn one of the most vital questions affecting the Eneland of to-day and to-morrow. It is recorded of him that twice, when supposed to be in articulo mortis, he absolutely refused to drink braudy, evidently considering example the best half of preaching. Gardinal Manning, whose diet is almost entirely composed of eggs and toast, has never given a luncheon party in his life. His receptions, however, count among the functions which, once attended, are never forgotten. The audienc9 chamber in which the Cardiual Archbishop receives on these occasions recalls, in general colouring and appearance, the apartment occupied by Cardinal Rampolla, the Pope's Secretary of State at the Vatican. The note of colour struck is a dark full red and dull gold. And over the crowd that the Cardinal occasionally gathers about him frowns the huge picture of Savonarola assisting at the deathbed of Lorenzo di Medici. AU sorts and conditions of men eoudoycr each other, Mr. Newman announcing each arrival _ in a clear, precise manner. His Eminence, attired in full red canonicals, is an imposing figure, and owing to hia never j forgetting a face once seen—said to be a privilege of prints—all are sent away pleased I and gratified with some special mark of their ! host's recollection or interest in their concerns. | j His Eminence's brougham, specially built for him by an old friend, is a familiar sight whenever anything affecting the commonweal is ' I stirring, and lio often abandons the Pro- i Cathc-dral in order to preach a series of short 'ii|' practical sermons in somcof his poorer parishes. The announcement that His Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop is going to preach always produces a large congregation. You may eeo tho Cardinal anywhere and everywhere, in the i palace or in tho hovel, in his Cathedral or in ' the lobby of the House of Commons, but you cannot see him to such advantage as in tho bare-looking square edifice in Vauxhall-bridgoroad, dignified by the title of Archbishop's House. For there no human heart has ever sought for sympathy or help in vain, and not the most indifferent or casual visitor can go there without feelir.tr tho belter that there should be in this world a man of suca wide sympathies, intelligence, and kindly heart as Henry Edward, Cardiual Archbishop of Westminster." In addition to numerous volumes of sermons the Cardinal wrote a largo number of works on the doctrines of the English and Romish Churches. The following gives the names of such of the Cardinal's publications :is have not been incidentally mentioned :—"The Ground* of Faith," 1852; "Temporal Sovereignty of the Poiies," three lectures, ISfiO; " The Last Glories of the Holy See Greater than tho First," three lectures, 1801 ; "The I'rc-cnt Crisis of the Holy See tested by Prophecy," four lectures, 18G1; "The Temporal Power of the Vicar of Jesus Christ," second edition, 38G2; "Sermons on Ecclesiastical Subjects, with an In trodudtion on tho Relations of England to Christianity," 1803 ; "The Crown in Council on the ' Essays and Reviews:' a Letter to an Anglican Friend," 18f!4; "The Convocation and the Crown in Council: a Second Letter to an Anglican Friend." 1SU1; "TheTemporal Mission of the Holy Ghost; or, Reason and Revelation," J.St>.>; "The Reunion of Christendom : a P.istoral Letter to the Clergy," 18GC ; "The Temporal Power of the Pope in its Political Aspcct," 18C(>; "The Centenary of St. Peter and tbe General Council," 1667; England aud Christendom," 1807 • " Ireland: a Letter to Earl Grey," 18GS; "The (Ecumenical Council and the Infallibility of tho Ivoman Pontiff: a Pastoral Letter to the Clergy," 1869; " The A^atican Couucil and its Definitions: a Pastoral Letter," 3S70; "Petri Privilegium: three Pastoral Letters t.o the Clergy of the Diocese of Westminster," 1871; "The Four Great Evils of the Day," 2nd edit., 1871; "The Fourfold Sovereignty of God," a series of lectures, 1871; "The Darnion of Socrates," 1872: "Cajsarism and Ultramontanism," 2nd edit., 1874; " The Internal Mission of the Holy Ghost," 1875; "The Vatican Decrees in their bearing on Civil Allegiance," 1875, in reply to Mr. Gladstone's " Expostulation;" " tin and its Consequences," 1S7C; "The True Story of the Vatican Council," published in the Nineteenth Century, 1877; " Miscellanies," a collection of his minor writings, 2 vols., 1877; " The Catholic Church and Modern Society," 1880; and "TheEternal Priesthood," 18S3; besides numerous pamphlets. Upon Cardinal Wiseman's death Dr. Manning took control of the Dublin Magaziijc, in which he continued to take a prominent interest till the time of his death. One of his latest publications was the translation into English of the Pope's Encyclical on the labour question. 