'Of the making of societies there is nocnd'tbc sacred writer migbthave said had be lived at tbe end of the nineteenth century; and it is a char acteristic feature of our times that Adam's rib, the weaker vessel of domosticity, the 'softer sex' of the poet, the ' inferior ser ' of history— I woman, is combining. AVc read of I organisations of womankind in the old world for the most direrse purposes, and everywhere the sex is displaying an increasing earnestness of purpose and expanding interest in the progress of tbe world, from tbe stately dame of the Primrose League anxious to resuscitate society by a recurrence to the true blue traditions of Toryism, down to the meek and sclf»sacrificing sisters warring with misery and want and vicc in the slums of the greAt cities. This is well. The time is not far distant when women will exercise the franchise and become an increasing power in politics. It is true that in telligent and able, and sometimes un scrupulous, women have wielded im mense influence in history; and in the lesser sphere of politics hare wc not tue instauce of the beautiful and accom plished Geobgiana, Duchess of Devon shire, whose kisses purchased all valuable votes for Fox in the historical contest of Westminster. But then this influence was exercised by the few alone, the few who ranged beyond their domestic hearth or the circumscribed world of fashion into larger spheres. The ncccssity for women taking a wider interest in tho world, and the cxteusion of the franclusc to the sux, go hand in baud. Without the former it would be impossible to extend the second. In our own country the organisations of women are multiplying apace. They Uavenow their own temperance societies, 1 their own Young Women's Christian Associations, their own benevolent societies, and, let as add, the Women's i Christian Temperance Union, which has become an important factor in social I life, and which has just given birth to an offspring by a consolidation of Mrs. Lek's Melbourne Mission into a Vic torian United Gospel Temperance Mis sion. One of the latest proposals is! that for tbe formation of the Wa rrawec Club, of which Miss Violet Chomley, of Jnkerman-road, St. Kilda, is the secretary, and which aims at establish ing a women's club in Melbourne as ' a recoguised centre and an agreeable meeting placc for women/' and thus ' supply a much felt want in the lives of many solitary workers, and of many others who recognise that women's advancement suffers from the lack of esprit dti corpt.' The very latest women's association | to be introduced into our midst is | that known by the euphonistic name of The Daughters of the Court, the object of which is '(to form an order of women who shall undertake to speak ill of none, and to cultivate the, spirit of help fulness, endeavouring to do at least one j helpful deed each day.' Hence it will : be seen that the society is founded upon I the broadest and purest principle of ' charity in that mnch- abusod word's fullest significance. The officers of the Court were duly installed and invested with their insignia last week by the Countess of fiopetoun, and we may therefore look upon it as vn fait accompli. It is amusing to note that tbe love of titles which has characterised ' man from primitive times, and which in democratic America finds expression in the bestowal of tbe honorary titles of Judge, Colonel, Professor, and so forth on every second individual, and in other Anglo-Saxon communities in titles of Noble Grand, Arch Druid, etc., even in friendly society workers, is exhibited in this new women's organisation, the leaders whereof are Dames, Scribes, Chancellors, Chatelaines, and Com* panions. This is an amiable weakness which is not likely to be eradicated from the human race for many a long day to come. That these various societies may accomplish all that they aim at will be the very sincere wish of all thinking members of that sex which i6 sometimes regarded by wiomen as tyrannous, but is never objected to as 'house-bonds.' That wc arc on the eve of another agitation in Prahran is quite evident. The early-closing question bas no longer any interest; politics are dull; municipal councillors haven't been doing anything particularly bad of late, and stagnation might have set in and people have been obliged for lack of other matters to attend severely to their own business but for the action of the city fathers in throwing down a bone of contention in the shape of the Sunday concert question. The council having decided in favour of allowing the town hall to be used on Sundays for 6acrcd concerts, the rate payers have already in preparation a petition praying them to rcscind their decision, aud a public meeting is talked of. We may say at once, and frankly, that wc do not anticipate any issue from tbe discussion or from the open* ing of the hall for concert purposes. We do expect to sec the permission taken advantage of, and shall be quite prepared to find a large attendance of well-dressed folk at the first concert, and to run up agaiust a number of citizcns who will be bursting the buttons oft their waistcoats with the swelling pride wjich will course through their bosoms as tbey exclaim 'See, ain't wo broadminded. Ain't we liberal. Ain't we progressive.' And then in a little while wc shall hear that the whole thing has fizzled out, and that the town hall has sunk back into cavernous darkness. Nevertheless, it is well for all to speak their minds firmly upon this subject. There is always a section of the community who consider it ' broad minded to foster any movements having for their object the creation of work on the Sunday. They cannot urge, as may with justicc bo urged in the thickly crowded cities of the old world, where dozens of families arc huddled into tbe one house, that Sunday shopping or Sunday traffic of any kind is & neces sity of Australian life, and therefore they fall back upon the pseudophilan thropic plea that, men's morals and manuers, which can be leftsevercly alone during six days, require to be 6eduously wet-nursed on the seventh. They do not know the working man from Mon day to Saturday cxccpt as an atom in a money-producing machine, but on Sunday they pat him patronisingly on' the head and fay to him: 'You're a very fine fellow you know, aud you ought to be improving 3*our mind with a grammar in our public library, or studying tho old masters in the art gallery, or pursuing the 'scicncc of botany in the couutry, or drluking in the divine melodies of Wagner at a sacred concert ' (Wagner being a name to conjure with though they haven't really the ghost of an idea as to whether Wagner was a famous tenor or a burlesque actress). Wc are not dealing with the question as a religious one at all. We believe that a day of rest from work is absolutely necessary for humanity ; aud wc further recognise that tho con ditions of modern days and of city life demand certain facilities of traffic, and entail the necessity for labor on a minority of people; nor touching the present question of Sunday evening concerts do we pretend to sec any very great difference between 6uch entertain ments and those provided by certain churches where the performances of a paid choir are made the essential ]-or- tion of the so-called 'scrricc.' But we do say that consideration for those who arc necessarily called ujx-n to work ought to lead to a desire to restrain Sunday labor to the narrowest possible practicable bounds. Monday nigbt'6 meeting of the 6L Hilda council was uneventful, the business being concluded by 8.45, a number of madcre of general but not startling in terest being dealt with. Our report, now in type, will appear on Saturday. ? Another old colonist was callcd over to the majority by a sudden and terrible death last week — Mr. Uark Gardner, J.P., who was drowned In the Guubower Creek on Thursday while en gaged on a large contract there. Deceased was well-known for very many yeprs in the colony, having undertaken many im portant contracts, that for deepening the Yarra being among them. His son is well-known among ibe younger generation as treasurer of the St. Kilda crieket dob. The funeral took place from deceased's residence on Saturday afternoon to the St. Kilda cemetery, the Rev. Henry Bath officiating. The fnneral arrangements were in charge of Kir. Apps, The Obhond Hall of Music at the Boyal Victorian Institute for tbe Blind wilt wc trust be again filled with a' large and appreciative audience to-night when another of the series of concerts recently arranged will be given. The programme will consist entirely of numbers by the mosical papils of tbe institute, and tbeir ability Is go well-known that nothing further need be said to stamp the per formance to be given as one of sterling merit The decision of the Prahran council to permit sacred concerts to be held in the town hall oo Sandav evenings has aroused considerable hostility and a petition to tbe conncil urging the rescinding of its deci sion has been prepared and is now being extensively signed. Mr. J. W. Craig has the matter in hand, aud it is probable that councillors will be considerably astonished at the number of signatures which will appear on the document, It is also prob able that n public meeting will be held to protest against the action of tbe council. We have it IN contemplation to issue Monday morning issues of our papers. We feel that this will be an extension of the prin ciple underlying the Sunday concert busi ness. Oar staff might go boating and be drowned on Sunday, or be led into ways of atheism by some of the street corner orators, whereas if they are kept at work all day Sunday getting ready Monday's edition they cannot get into mischief and will probably breathe in some of that pure and noble spirit of thought for which onr 'copy' is celebrated wherever it circu lates. We shall call it our ' Sacred Edition,' bnt tbe reader will find the latest particulars of the prize-ring and all about the barracking on the football ground ; while the additional &pace; at oar disposal will enable us to serve up the latest tid-bits of society scandal piping hot. The severance of Mr. T. B. Muntz's connection with Malvern as shire engineer cannot be allowed to pass without an expression of regret that circumstances should have rendered it necessary. Mr. Muntz is one of tbe most capable engineers in the colony, a gentleman of very great tact, and one with a special aptitude for organisation. Hence, as the leading mem ber of a firm of engineers, he found it possible to undertake the work of a group of shires, nnd there is no doubt but that those bodies benefited greatly by the high engineering talent tbey were thus enabled to command at a moderate nost. But the expansion of (hose bodies brought about a necessity and a desire for resident en gineers, and iu tbe case of Malvern it was Inst year dccidcd to make a change in that direction when the loan works, which Mr. Muntz had in hand, were completed. Mr. Ewing was appointed as resident, engineer and last week Mr. Muniz retired from his official position amid expression of regrets from councillors who drank his health in a right good hearty spirit. Fires are not frequent at Malvern, fortunately, but a rather serious one broke out between four aud five o'clock on Sunday morniug in the business portion of Glen' ferrie-road. The conflagration commenced on the premises occupied by Mr. J. L.Beck wilh, ironmonger and tinsmith, and spread to those adjoining, namely, Messrs. Uro kensha's modelling establishment, Mr Murdock's greengrocery, and Messrs. Naoan Bros,' large furniture warehouse. The two first were the most damaged, the others sus taining comparatively slight iojuiy. Tbe , Metropolitan and the local firemen bad a busy and an arduous task extinguishing the flames. Tbe whole -of tbe property was | owned by Messrs. Brokensha Bros. A contemporary has hit upon a new idea to gain popularity. Having apparently 6tudicd Kcclesiastcs it has arrived at the 6arae conclusion as Solomon that 'all is vanity,' and, therefore, determines to take full advantage of this weakness of humanity. So, as its very limited and extremely select body of readers are not persons blessed with titles or known to fame it proceeds to bestow honorary distinctions upon them. It is not easy to understand at first glance that ' Mr. Blank, M.W.S.O.Ch.,' simply means the ' man who sweeps out the church,' or that ' our esteemed friend, Mrs. Juniper, H.C.,' is only an honorary cliarwoman but it is needless to 6ay that Mr. Blank and 31rs. Juniper are delighted aud each purchase, or borrow, a copy of the paper, thus doubling the circulatation at a bound. At the Try Society's Hall, South Yarra, last Sunday evening an impressive In Memoriam service was held in connec- tion with the death of Mr. Arthur Wiseman, who was well-known as a generous worker in the advancement of the cause of which the society is the outward and visible sign. The hall was draped in black and Mr. Forster gave an affecting address and urged the lads to do credit by their lives to the good work Mr. Wiseman had so generously supported. That iconoclastic bheet, the Sgdnry Jiulltiin, which seldom says a good word for anybody but a socialist or a single taxer, graciously unbends as to the recent choral service in St. Kilda as follows : — 41 The religious ceremonial portion of Free masonry seems to be free from the Tory taint that gives such an unpleasaut odour to the internal Arrangements of the Craft. Two programmes of Masonic services, huld in Melbourne recently, show a wholesome contempt for credal distinctions. At St. Kilda Town-ball, for instance, the pre centor was a reverend Hebrew, the organist and musical conductor repre sented Low and High Church of England, respectively, whilst the sermon was preached by that plump Congregational cherub, Brother Bcvan. Also, it was a Wc6lcyan mayor who paid for the holy show.' The Tyson sanatorium in Blarltoo crescnt, St. Kilda, is well under way, and already has sorao splendid results of its treatment to put on record, in the happy cure of cases begun at Albert Park. This treatment may be briefly stated to be the administering of a certain herbal medicine which obliterates the drink _ craving and enables the patient to ' tide over ' while the system is restored from the collapse of the various interoal organs incidental to a long course of alcoholic excess. So effectual is the treatment that after the first day or two no restraint need be placed on the movements of those undergoing it, and the attractions of the pah offer no temptatiou.' Mr. I'anton, P.M., has shown much interest in the matter, and the managers point with pride to two test cases seut there by him about the middle of tbe month, which will be discharged in s few days permanently cured. No language is too strong to express the good which such an institution as this ean do in a colony where the general tendeocy is, to say the least of it, not iu tbe direction of ultra sobriety, and wc believe that the city fathers of St. Ktlda will in time be convinced that tbe disease treated at the sanatorium is not, iu tbe medical sense, contagious, infectious nor epidemic. Judqino from thb excellent nature of tbe programme wbieh has been prepared for the sacred concert to be given at tbe Toorak Wesleyan Church on Friday even jug next, and tbe enthusiasm that is being displayed in connection therewith .by the promoters, a great success should result, both In regard to the efforts of tho singers and the attendance. The choir will render several anthems, and songs will bo given by favourite local talent, and* soloists from .the Melbourne Lfedertafel, while Miss Joseph ine Samuell will contribute two recita tions. Tickets, which are free, may be obtained at the church. Mblboorke just at present is sadly in need uf n few level-headed men of the calibre of Mr. 8. Balderson, -J.P., of St. Kilda, who, as chairman of the meeting of the Freehold Investment Company last week, presented bis fellow- sufferers with advice that tended to keep the meeting in good order. ' Let us be moderate in all things,' quoth our genial ex -mayor; 'let us not lose our heads or our tempers, although wc have suffered enough to make us do so. We do' not want revenge. Thongh the ship is on the rocks, throwing the captain and his mates overboard and drowning them will not save the cargo/' A man named Mr. George Towers, residing at 56 Chapel-street, Prahran, met with a terrible death on Saturday .while travelling in a lift on the premises of Mr. W. B. Stevens, in Elizabeth-street, Mel bourne. By some means the unfortunate man got jatnbed between the lift nnd one of the landings, his bead being crushed to pieces. Tbe deceased was fifty-three years of age and leaves four yonng children, his wife having died some years ago. A Musical treat, 6uch as scldoms falls to the lot of even the musically well favoured congregation of St. George's Presbyterian Church, East St. Kilda, takes place at that church this evening at 8 o'clock, when tbe choir wilt render Mcn dclBSohu'8 delightful oratorio 'Atbalie.' Miss Alice King, B.A.M., will take the principal solo parts, and Miss Nellie Veitch, the celebrated elocutionist, will give tbe connective readings. A chnrgc of one shilling will be made for admission and a very large gathering is expected. There is an orposTUNiTt now to make the Si. Kilda library more of a use ful institution than it has been in the past, and worthy of the city. The new librarian, Mr. A. D Butcher, has entered on bis duties eon am ore, and there is every hope that it will become something more than a resort for a mere handful of people, and grow instead to be an agcut of widespread usefulness. The 4000 volumes now on the shelves form the nucleus of a thoroughly good library, though nt the present time sadly deficient in works of reference and similar 6olid works. As a matter of fact, it has up to now drifted along almost any how, on the principle, as the Irishman said about shooting the obnoxious landlord that ' what's everybody's business is no body's business but now that there is a gentleman at the head of it who possesses not only the literary qualifications required, but energy and a desire to make it of use, we shall hope to sec a dccidcd change for ; the better. Lively excitement was created in High-street, St. Kilda, about 11 o'clock on Saturday night, by a collision at the corner of Cbarnwood-road, between a tram com- ; ing from Melbourne nnd a cart with some fruit cases on it driven by Joseph England, of 20 Howard -street, North Melbourne. The cart was badly smashed and England, who was the worse for drink, throwu out. Constable Harlcy took him in a cab to the Alfred Hospital, but he was not in a mood to undergo corcful examination, so that the amount of his injuries could not be ascertained, On the followiug day, how ever he was found to be not much the worse for wear and on Monday he left the in stitution. ' The Dev. T. J. Malyon's interesting evening lecture at the South Yarra church on Thursday last was a continua tion of tbe enquiry into the circumstances . and results of the murder of Abel- The lecture opened up many new and im portant lines of thought which were | bandied with a masterly grasp of the subject only faintly indicated in the brief resume which wc girc in another colnmn, i but which will still be read with sustained I interest by theologians as well as by I ordinary church goers. . .. The coaruirrEn of the Pnthran, .South Yarra and Toorak Ladies' Benevolent Society report bavin? relieved 109 cases weekly during t he fortnight ending Sep tember 22nd. The cases numbered 118 adults and 1 15 children. Thcadult6 com prised 72 widows, 17 deserted wives, 7 married couplc;, 13 aged and single indi viduals. The expenditure for the fortnight was £35 fls. tiJ. Assistance in clothing may be sent to '? Anerly,' Jackson-street, Toorak, and in money to the Hon. treas urer, Clarendon-street, Ksst Melbourne, or hon. secretary ' Cawdor ' Armadale. The nursery tableaux by the child ren- of Holy Trinity Church, Balaclava, were a great feature of an entertainment given last year in the St. Kilda Town-hall, and were particularly charming. Some thing of the same kind will be given at the fair to be held by the little folks of the church at the schoolroom next Saturday. The youngsters are all agog with the excitement of - this event, which opens in the afternoon, and will present an attrac tive sight with its pretty 6hops and youth iul attendants in quaint fancy costnmcs. The Municipal Association his, a good many years after it bccamc necessary, decided to remodel its constitution. The association, which nt its inception threat ened to be a bigger kind of Parliament than that which meets in Bourkc-strcct, thongh it has done some good work, ha6 never really risen to a position of influence. Hence the decision to reform. At a con ference called to consider the matter last week, Cr. Maddock pointed out tbat the object of tbe new constitution and rules was to have one strong association through out the colony — in short, an association which would command the respect and consideration of Parliament. The interests of the town were 1-oand up with those of the country, and if a strong association could be formed, the rules, in his opinion, were a matter of detail. The new rules set forth tbe objects of the association to be to 'watch over and protect the interests, rights, and privileges of municipal cor porations ; to take action iu relation to any subject affecting municipal bodies Or - municipal legislation ; and to promote the efficient carrying out of municipal govern* ment throughout the colony.' The place of meeting of the association was fixed at the town ball, Melbourne, and tbe con stitution adopted provided that all muni cipalities in tbe association should subscribe on the following scale:— Under £1,000 rates, £2 2s.; between £1000 and £2000, £3 5a; and over £2000, £4 4s. annually to the fonds of the association. Our old pbtsnd Mr. T. Yarnton is still on tbe warpath. He writes nnderdateof Wednesday last ' In your valuable issue of to-day In tbe editorial notes in reference to the Jewish Kew Tear, I notice the fol lowing—' Modern scientists go further and find traccs of man in the glacial period sonewhere about 100,000 years ago.' Will you kindly, give me the names . of those modern so- called scientists. I do not doubt the veracity of your statement but I very much question the statement, of -those modern scientists.' Personally we may say we know nothing of the matter. Tbat date is a little too distant for even the omni present editor to remember, bat. to comply xrith our correspondent's request we should have io give a list of scientists from Huxley downwards. We may, however, direct our, correspondent's attention to Laing's Modern Science' and' Modem Thought, where he will find the ca lculations worked oat and the evidence given in detail as to the antiquity of man. The latter points to man having existed during the glacial period which terminated approximately 80.000 years ago, having commenccd 240,000 years since. The Legislative Council iu passing | the Amending Local Government Bill through tbeir chamber varied its provisions , so that the minimum valuation for muni- 1 cipal purposes is again raised as desired to fire per cent, per Bonnm, bnt excluded the metropolitan area from the operation of I this provision. Mr. Shiels now states that the Government will insist on tbe repeal of , the three per cent minimum all round, aud the substitution of tbe five per cent, basis. In so doing he will ccrtainly obtain the support of the general public, who not unnaturally object to be fleeced for the benefit of the land boomers. Has it come to this in free Victoria ? An eveniug newspaper which used to speak oat pretty freely cuts off a specch of the great Purvcs to some admiring A.N.A.f6 thus : ' The speaker also referred in adverse terms to tbe recent reception of a i public man.' In byegone days the Herald would have published the remarks in full, j and then sent an interviewer to the mnn I attacked to know what he bad to say about Purvcs. But the law of libiil now renders I a legal adviser a ncccssary companion to a I proof-reader. I Peace and quietness pervaded the quarterly meeting of the Prahran A.K.A. j last Wednesday night, when there was a I large attcndauce, president Douglas bciug 1 in (he chair. Two ncwmembcre were elected. I and Mr. J. G. Cooke was appointed auditor I to the branch. Tbe treasurer was made happy by the receipt of pome ^90 in dues. A notice of motion was proposed by Mr. Crookc. for discussion at the next meeting, to the effect 'That all future negotiations in relation to federation be based on the assumption that Sydney be the capital of Australasia.' At the closc of the routine business, the meeting merged into a 6moke night, when a number of excellent songs and recitations were given to the great satis faction of the gathering. Tue last smoke night of the Concord Club, which assembles nt the Prahran Arcadc Club, was in every way a great succcss, the attendance being large and the enthusiasm overflowing. Mr. G. S. Walker, president, occupied the chair, and the arrangements were carried out in a manner which reAected credit upon the committee and the secretary, Mr. H. Gaturrcz. Messrs. Launders, E. Ford, Carl Williams, Gatliug, Goudie, Poolcy, Walton, Mathews, Dohcrty, Winter, and Kortlang contri buted to the harmony of the evening, and numerous encores testified to the excellence of the programme. 