PENAL SERVITUDE ix VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. TREI'E ('[ltOhI'LE3. \----++-- ttUDOtO WILL OUT. It has been stated at the outect that Stapleton's crime had been an alleged assault on a female, who lived--as did the prisoner himself-in the town of Kikenny. lie strongly protested his innocenc at tile time, but was found guilty, and sentenced to death. Tois was afterwards commuted to transportation for life, through the effiorts of hie friends. It was proved at the trial that Stapleton had formerly been a aweetheart of the person who had accused him of the offanue, but had jilted her for another girl, and the defenco set up was that the charge was a spitefuland malicious one, and laid solely for the purpose of revenge. e iaplen was not accepted, however, an he admitted being with the girl when the tr :tne was al. leged to have b?hegevod. N. arly twelve years after when on her death bed the woman con tenced that tile acusatio', ws,;s r.b?teiatlly false, and made solely to fp:rt taspniton ann the girl he wished to marry. The dying pet nt said that if it had becu decided to th sentence site would have i c r'a lifelu by tcllint tt. p porttiucn was uubeti. Joose ,z p , as it fcbf'tiutiy s loa e.,s'ttrval and Stapleton. Thus the oo r convict's teture was decided in a very summary way. And now, after twelve years of deepest misery and sutleriug, of logginrgs and starvation, cold and contumely, a frcu pardon had arrived at leoblat Town for one lenry Stapleton, ,fer lhip the IR3gent, ship's number 186, year 18's," and the authoritiec were further commanded to ecncply the said lhenry Stepleton with a free pacsage to the city of Coar, and furnish him with a kit not to cost more than £10 stLrling; or if the pardonee preferred to settle in Van ]lieman's Land, the colonial government could make hie each a free grant of land as would in their estimtion help the ex-conviet to be. oome a useful and prosperous settler. This was the substance of the diepatch, but there was an important note that these inestrua. lions should only be carried into silfot it Henry Stapleton ryas msive, By the unusual reparation that the S-ourtary for Sato's department had ordered it was pretty evi. dent that they were of the opinion thaut the prisoner must be dead, for twelve years of convict life was equal to four limes that amount of time under free and ordinary conditions, Ton unlucky Irishman was not dead as the reader knows, and when the papers were sent to the Comptroller General he discovered after a couple of daya' search through the records that iN I 31eI2, Heory Sthpleton, per ship IRegent in 1829, was at that particular time at the prisn at Port Arthur. The papers were sent there to the Commandant with an intimation to stud thoperson there in named and numbered to the Ilobart Town barraoks, but in a fortnight's time the oCamp. troller Goneral had the documents returned w.th a rtatement that tile prisoner named had not been at Port Arthur for nearly four months, but had been sout to headquarters at that time. Tnou another slow search was mado, and it was found that Stapleton had been sent to work on tile great north and south road for twelve months, but the books did not show what gang ihe was employed with, and as there were eighteen of them dis. tributed right across the island from HIobtrt Town to L sunceston, it would ha ncenno3ary to make onquiries. This duty wa eentrusted to a travelling nmagistrate, who also carried the free pardon, and at Nao 1 station he found there was such a prisoner as Henry Stepleton, and that his number san 3162, He thereupon placed the documents in the hands of the Superintendent, and thought nothing further about it. When iMr. \Vrage, chief fllicial of the station, read the pardon and the insetructions attached to it, he was considerably taken aback and amnnsed.li know from the "scret serviao" men that he had smongl the con. viets that Stapleton weas determined to have redress for the manner in which he waI treated, and he aloo know that nine out of ten of the prisoners would give evidence against him, and he was also doubt?utl about somse of the subordinate ctliti?l. Meeost of them woere suffering through thie rnonage ment of \Wragg, who was runniug the sta lion solely for his own convenience and pe. cunary gain. If N'o. 111;2 were a free man tile Superiun tendent knuw that the first use ho would make of his liberty woultI be to de nounce Wragge and all his works, Some of the latter's nets had been dunse so openly that nearly every prisoner on the station knew about them, and it would boimpooeible for him to eanspa detection if conce exposed. Inewas much troub!ed, too, by the rumors that most of the emall stations on the great north and southl road were to be closed and concentrated in large depots, and that action would seriouslynflnet him, as whrn the men were no longer under his control they would not be afraid to lay eharges against him. Before doing anything he deoidel to consult with his factotum, Busoon, and that eveniug he waitedin his oiho as usual for the over. seer to enter and lay before him any event of importance that might require inveetiga. tion. It was generally matters of private importance that were considered. When Bnson came the superintendent showed him the despatches nod asked his advice, at the same time telling him the fears he had of trouble if Stspleton obtained hislibetty. The ovcroerr had agood deal of ening, and as it was a question that ffeolod him as much as his isuperior he at ees said that the convict should not,be'ea at lorty. ' : : :' , I don't suppose he knows anytbing about this pardon, antl there is no reason wiy ho aohould. Why not get one of our friends to personoto him ? The authorities don't know Nl, ili2, and there tin not ?s much riske in doing that os In letting him hlave the pardon. This in short was the advio of the overseer. \\\'raggo thought it over oarefully, and the more hie relsected the better the soheme afppeared. ti weold be killing the two birds with the one stone by adoptingit, ilet is, lie would be having a terrible revenge on tile prisoner, std at thls sametimo he proteuting himself. Thequea lion was whinh of the onvlioi shnuld havo the great boon of liberty givoen to incms, There would be of eourse no fear os exposurr, for it would be tenfold more to the felon'e interest not to reveal tile deelption, than it would be for the ollincide to dro so, The two oonspiratore consulted together on thes mun. mentole poiunt of selectiolng i man to repro. sent 31lt, and at length their cholao tell upon a convict named John Il?slair. Tbiseal. low was about thie Saom age as time criminl he would be required to porecnote, and 10in height, build, andl :eoeral appearance, ea. pecally the convict dress, close arol;pod hair and clean savn faleo, Ibthere wa hitle difference in the two men. Blair hbld a very bmad relputlatlon with his gang, for it was well known thalt hne was a spy for the onllcials, and in rons'eoeoan he was allowed to commnit bro.cheas of diisaplino witllout being punished that would bane brought floigginig n moat of the oters. Wraggo was afraid of the luin, for hie knoaw seouroto about him that would have bronlsht ruin on the euperintendent, and the latter was indxfous to got himi ou'n t of tle way cither by fair mcans or by foIul. T'11h uonviit Iad worked under Wrc?i:u at Mseul'sri I labor. tnod lie more than oti o hitied tihat hio hdl irccn the cfllshli kill S n ntl n the re , 1,1a the ifflir hail beon Irou?ilt icn no e!lirlentlI tiluatlh, nd during Iin s;ojourn at N :. it Fl. liens tico fpritomcr hIad nladiotfctclt Illsely clihor osrlout ciharles ayCuinlt ita hlLicl cfiher. loir leafrn don. Two of his comrades were hanged for the crime, and on the coaffald they asserted that Blair was really the ringleader, but through his ruperior cunning had managed to escape the capital punishment. 110 re* ceived fourteen years' transportation, and in 1833 was sent to Hobart Town. When the two oficial ruflians had droeided on their cruel and nefarious plot, Benson went to the ward in which ilair elept, and brought him to the superintendent, when the latter said, II I need hardly ask you if you would like your liberty uand a plant of a couple of hune dred acres of laud for notling. If you say you would I am in a ponition to get you both. 1 have here a free pardon for another prison. er, and there is nothing easier in the world than for you to represent him. I will road you the popera, and you willsace what is about to be done. I will give you a letter to the Comn.tr:llr tienieal, elating that you are the person referred to, nod when he aeks what yoen will da, ocept a grant of laud and remain onn the itla:d a free and prosperous man. it would be dalngerou for you to take the tree voyteye, an yen would only be landed at Oork, and Stapleton'a relatives might be waiting for himu, and find out that a mistake hadl been made. If you go hone you will only get into trouble nagil, whilst if you stay here you beould become a prosperous rettler. W\hen your hair an od n growa no one could identily you as haIving be?Li here, and I aun cffering ou a beonu fr whichl you ought to blhts me all the days ol your luture life." It was indeed a boon, oan Blair felt at. inot oveoip'wered at his uuntapeteld good Iretunu. Ilulll hadlever dtreamt of rIceivieu bhi freedom, much less of having is prlleel thrown in with it, and there was almost a ring of sinocrity in his voice no he thanked the superintendent for his kindness, and er* pressed his tmoelt williugness to at onei accept the offer. Ile would certainly not leave the colony if he was offered a dozen free passanges. Tlei one coming out was enough to last him for a life time, and lie had not thcleastdesire to eo home wihere be had been badly treated. His with lno to settle down in Van Diueman's Land and lead a good and honest life, the hypocritical conviet said. Wragge theon told him all that he thought ivould be of servioi to him in his interview withll the Comptroller General, and then he reed I reted thlt an slight dillioulty stood in the way. The convict's clothes were all num. bored at that time, and a abaugu would be of oouoese necessary, so the superintendent de. o:ded to give him Siapleton'e clothes, and let !aitn wear theformer's. DIring the even. lung the change was made, and Stapleton was informed that for the future his number would be 3181, as instructions had been ro. solved to substitute that number for the one he had. It was a mattes of the most perlect indifference to the unonascious couvict, They could have numbered him nought or a million if they chose, for it maode no imr provement in his position. The following day Couvilt Blair-or rather Stapleton, for so he was dubbed by Superin toodeut Wragge-lefu t for liubart Town with a letter from the rthief clleial, in which he stated that he hoped tile authorities would algree to his action in knocking off Stlpleton's irons, and the note was intCended to cover that deliniency, for necooding to the striot interpretation of the regulations a prisoner, even though a free pardon was granted him, had to report himself to hoad-quartere in his usual garb. Thu Comptroller General did not mtak any fuso about the kbooking off of the irons, but received Blair in a rather ami. able manner. Hlo impressed upon the ex. conuvic the eternal justice of British law in pardonuing a iian wlhen they found he was innocent, and told the plardotee that he ought never to ceaose extollig the wise in. etittttions under whiu he lived, and through which he had now regained his freedom. "dKobh and poor are all alike in the eyes of the law," the pompous Comptroller Gcueral went on. "It you had been a nobleman's sun you could not 1have been better treated than you have, and 1 hope you will not forgot your duty to the authorities in upholdiug lnw antd order in your new life, for I ant glad tolled from the note Superintendent Wiaggo rondo ilt that you intend to settle in the Colony." It was evident that Wraggo was making oertailn that Bliir would not leave the island, but lthe man had no wielh todo so, and alter further couvereation with the Comptroller G(?neral he received a wrlttei authority to the dietrict iurveyor of the Now Norfolk County, enabling hint to pick out two hun. dred soree in that locality, for which lihe would receive a it rown grant. Next day the lucky ex-oonviet weot to tlhe ditriot, and there for the present hlie may be left. Whonl Superintendent Wragge and Over. eer Benoon found that Blair had settled down and consequoently passed through the ordeal of an interview with the Comptroller General suouesfully, their brutal treatment of Stapleton wao again renewed. A month after tue free pardon should have reaohetd him, he was almost driven mad by the re fined cruelty to which he was subjeoted. 'Tihe rations at boat were inadequate-for the Superintendent pinched a portion of them to leed his pigs on-but Stapleton was most. ly kept on half rations, and wee, in fact, being gradually starved to death. HIl had become the mere ghost of lie former self, and with open vio!ence and hunger he had been reduced to a desperate and oonepiring man. Death was infinitely preferable to the terrible lifo he was leading, and at late he determined to make an attempt for liberty or death, At number nine station the con. viots slept in three large rooms boarded off into unrrow compartments, and tihero was ^: dielloulty in commnnioaling with each other, There were a few separate cells at lho plano, but they were only used when arrests were made, Many of the prisonore wern ready to mutiny, for their treatment was wrotahod, though not no bad noas Staple. ton's, and at least two of tho billot men could beo relied.on for. assiatanoo. -Qtaletly but certalnly he arranged for a rislog in which the murder of.both the superintoendnt aid the overeeor was a feature, The two billet oonvicote were induced to join the con epiraoy, and they were to arrangeso that tbo two armed guarlrds that watched the wards shouldl be rendered powerless oCther by foron or dlrugged mru. Onoo they wore seoured the conviole would Ifavo ito trouble lo ecizing lthe station, Their intention was then to takoe all the provielnsin, olobthlug, arme, etc. and make for the tllsh, wherethey would either disporeo or romaloin as an armed gaug olbuehraugers. Ten of tho folons, in. eluding the billot men, were in the plot, and it ans dloailed to smake the attempt on tho night nof Decembuher 21th, 1688, 0s on Ohrlat. mas Eve dtlaeliine was ooneidorably relaxod, and the nurrulmdindlg settlers, keeping up the hospitable home custom, never failed to give thC re oilleins--soldiere, constables, and such like--a bumper or so of strong drink in which to qlilff their health, The two billet men had entered into the conspiracy with eagerness, although they had niore to lose by it than the regular prisoners, Their name were M:lnton and Tregurtha, and they eeemed to hlave a deadly hatrerd to Overseer lnsono. During the woek that In. torvened betweon arriving at thLie decsilon to lhavo the risoing on the 2 lth of Deoeomber and that dnto, thseeu two men wcre not idle in making rrmaogeouents for it, Stapleton and thb other seven conviuts who wore in theo onsplraocy ldept In the esame ward, and little dilllulty would be oxperienced in libereticn theci. At length the night of the 21th arrived. Ahlt how dillterent were the foolings whlloh aotutled othese miserable folone to those whielic are tlsually supposed to animate the branet ol Obrletlasna all the world over on the eve of tie annioversary of tlho birth ol the (lreat Matrter --thle londer ol the purest re. ligtion tho world hao ever soon, " The Fatal Chriolmas Ievo" will Iv the tLtlo ol text swok'd elrotilel. It will lnr. rate the tolry of tbh rising, the results wlmiillh followed, and thie wonderful mannerin wlhioh '..i.."- ...W. ,e ,toun' tCrtanor,. lode die. 