€(ptrrlj $Utos. Bathurst Circuit. — A week ago a pleasant evening was spent, when a social, organised by the young men, who were ably assisted by the ladies, was held. The lecture hall was well filled by a large number of young people. As a result of this effort, between £8 and ,£10 was netted in liquidation of the ?circuit debt. The Thanksgiving Fes tival was a marked success. On Sun day morning the interior ot the church l presented one of the prettiest pictures it I was possible to conceive. The Rev. J Charles Stead preached in the morning ? from 2 Ohron. xvi. 9, and in the ' evening the Rev. Hy. Jones preached ' from 1 Chron. xix. 14. The congre gations were large at both services. ] On the following evening a sacred ' ?concert was held in the church. The 1 choir, under the conductorship of Mr. Maynard, rendered the cantata, ' Na tivity,' the solos, duets, and quartettes ; being taken by Misses Ivelk, Pearse, W. 'White, and Mesdames Hine and Vivian, ? and Messrs. H. Craig, Vivian, and Pearse. Organ solos were rendered by Mr. Maynard and Mr. Percy 'White. The result of the three services was £24. Goulburn. — On Thursday last, the 25th Feb., a re-union meeting was held in the Lecture Hall, Goldsmith-sbreet. Mr. W. S. Foxall, J.P., presided. A programme was gone through in which Mrs. Rutledge, Mrs. and Miss Johnson, Mr. H. C. Cox, Mr. J. P. Astbury, and Mr. Foxall took part. Addresses were given by the minister and Messrs. C. Furner and G. Dal ton. The objects of the re-union were the promotion of the social and fraternal sentiment amongst the members of the congregation, and also the giving of an opportunity of laying before them a statement of the finances of the circuit. Both objects were attained to a satisfactory degree. The re-union was both pleasant and profitable, for one result was that in cash and promises about £130 were raised towards the liquidation of the debt, and since the meeting that amount has been considerably augmented. The friends have pledged themselves to the ?extinction of the circuit debt before the end of the year. The People's Choral ?Services, which are being held monthly, are a pronounced success. The church was crowded last Sunday evening. These services ave attended by many persons who otherwise never enter a ?church. In addition to good music, rendered by a large and efficient choir, . the sermon or address is of a very direct ;and practical nature, so that both in ;sohg and speech the true object of all church services — the salvation of the ? souls of the people, is steadily kept in ?view. Liverpool and Granville Cir cuit.— Granville.— The Church Anni versary services were celebrated on Sun day last, when the Rev. J. Clifton preached two powerful sermons, morning ?and evening. In the afternoon a ser vice of song, entitled, 'Ivy' was rendered by the choir, assisted by ?orchestra, the connective reading by Mr. A. E. Fletcher. Mr. Coulson presided :at the organ, and Mr. A. B. James con ducted. The singing throughout was : -very efficient. The evening service was ;,. the crowning service of the day ; in the jprayer meeting immediately preceding, ''the power of the Holy Ghost was felt, y.and one soul cried for mercy, and on ?/.the close of the service nine persons — ?:-.all young' people — had found the Pearl : of great price. ; Kingstown. — Armidale Circuit. — ? ?? 'This place was opened by Bro. Yeomans -about six months ago, and already much .good has been done. A meeting was .held on Monday, Feb. 22nd, at which it was reported that nearly £40 in money ..and labour had been promised towards * the erection of a church, and the pre liminary steps have therefore been taken. The church will probably be ?completed in a few months, and, stand ing on an eminence overlooking the hamlet of Kingstown, it will be a wit-' ness in itself to Him who hath done marvellous things. ? StockgTOVe (Armidale Circuit).— About ten months ago, the first Wes leyan service was held at Stockgrove by Bro. Yeomans, and now regular ser vices are held, and a large number of conversions are being recorded. Two brethren, Philp and Yates, conduct cot tage prayer meetings, and almost every home is open to them, and converts keep dropping in. One man, a Roman Catholic, put up a building for a wine shop. Failing get a license, he opened it for a Satur day night dancing-room, but now it is lsed as a prayer-room solely, while the proprietor keeps order. Two of his jhildren were converted the other night. The friends are determined to arise and build, and have got a fair prospect of erecting a neat church, which will be a blessing to many. This has been em phatically a laymen's work, the minis ters being unable to visit the place more bhan once every six weeks or so. Inverell. — Harvest thanksgiving ser vices were held on Sunday, 8th Febru ary, morning, afternoon, and evening. The church was beautifully decorated, the music exceptionally good, the ser mons impressive, and the congregations overflowing. A bazaar and sale of work commenced in the Masonic Hall on Tuesday, 1st March, and is to con tinue all the week. This is one of a series of efforts the friends are making towards the payment of the £1,300 debt which has paralysed the circuit for years. One of the members, Mr. Thos. Taylor, has promised half, provided the remaining half be also paid. Towards this the friends are doing their utmost. From friends outside the circuit generous assistance has been given. Mrs. Scho field, with characteristic generosity, has promised £100 ; Mrs. Boyce and Mrs. Allen, £10; Mrs. Wills-Allen, £5 5s.; the Hon. E. Vickery, £3. It is hoped that some other wealthy friends will follow their example. The Susten tation Society will then be relieved of the necessity of voting a grant annually to meet the ordinary circuit income. The membership of the church shows a small but steady increase. 