THE TOURIST. MOUNT KOSCIUSKO. (By R. BARR SMITH.) In compliance with our request Mr. Barr Smith has kindly written for us the following account of his trip to the Australian Alps:- I was invited by Profeseor Watson to visit his late father's estate in the upper valley of the River Murray, and a further offer was made to accompany me in the ascent of Kosoiusko, if I felt inclined to climb that mountain. I had never seen the upper waters of the Murray; I was born in a country of mountains and am fond of them; and so I gladly accepted both proposals, knowing, indeed, no better way of spending my Christ mas holidays. I went to Melbourne and thence' to Wodbnga by railway;' ttAd' from' Wodbnga to Tintaiara by coach over a very wretfehed and unmade road. WotFotigti is the Victorian termiuurof the Sydbey tide, and'is situated on the southern bank of the Murray River, exactly opposite to Albury. Though- tho New South Wales town has go&e; far ahead of it' in many ways; still Wodonga is a place of large trade, chiefly in sheep and'cattle, as nlaay as 20,000 being-some times sold there in one week. I was therefore surprised to find the road to such an important place almost wholly unmade. But in fact the toads in Victoria and New South Wales, bo far as I have seen them, are very far indeed behind our own.' Thirty years ago I think ours were as good as theirs are now. From Tintaldra, a poBt and telegraph township on ? Mr. Watson's estate, we sent on our guide and four horses to Bringenbrong on the river Indi, and proceeded theie ourselvea on wheels, to pick up Mr. Walter Mitobell, who was to accompany us. From Bringenbrong we were to make a start for the mountains on the following day. The valley of the-Upper Murray through which we had passed is a very rich and fertile country, undoubtedly capable of supporting a large population. The flats are formed of deep alluvial soil, the washings of the river and its many tributaries. This land is capablc of growing everything-potatoes, maize, corn, tabasco, anything you like. " Tickle it with a hoe, and it will laugh to you with a harvest." As a rule it is not held in very large estates. The number cf free selectors is great, and this is their paradise. The land they hold is above and not below the average quality of th6 district, and that is very good. They have not vet perhaps required to use their land to the inU extent of its great capabilities; at all events they have not dono so, for not a tenth part of it is cultivated. Here I did not dis cover any class hatred between squatter and free selector. Mr. Mitchell is a squatter and comparatively a large landowner, but neither he nor the Messrs. Watson spoke with any class ' prejudice in discussing land settlement. Our guide was a free selector, and seemed devoid of all spite to squatters, in fact, on the Upper Murray the lion apparently is able to lio down comfortably with the lamb; all classes seemed to me a happy family, living peacefully together. This state of matters is no doubt partly due to the fact that hero at least the free selectors own very good land and are pro sperous The horsesof the U pper Murray areexception ally good, and the young follows very daring riders. Cattle thrive well and fatten readily on the flats. . Everybody seemed to have horses and cattle. At Bringenbrong on Monday, January 4, we (four men and six horses all told, two of the horses "pack") began to climb. At starting we went along the banks of the River Indi, which is in fact the Upper Murray, and the boundary between . Victoria and New South Wales. After some hours' riding on these plains we began the ascent of the lower hills whioh lead up to the Alps. These hills are at first by no means lofty, but become bolder as you advance. By and-by, down a very steep- and long decline, we lost much of the elevation we had made, and scrambled and slipped until wefound our selves in the bed of the Kancobin. This river runs through a narrow valley of magnificent garden land. Its line stream of water makes, irrigation a very simple matter, and it would be invaluable for growing vegetables but for the difficulty of access and the unfortunate circumstance that when you have grown vegetables there is nobody to eat them. The great unpeopled solitude of the whole country struck me forcibly. Thus as we were leaving the lower regions we saw one boy driving cows, and we saw no other human being for nearly five days, until we were within eight miles of Kiandra, and there wo met a solitary digger on a horse.. The Kiandra Diggings were at one time rich, but are now almost deserted, yet I was assured that .there is hardly a stream in the whole region from the sands of which you cannot at any point wash specks of gold. Nor yet did we Bee in all our journey on these mountains and over a richly grassed country any stock of any kind save wild. horses. Neither is there muoh bird or animal life, save' Bnakes, which are moderately plentiful. One day we killed four. The lower ranges are the home of the curious lyre bird, but they are shy and want waiting for. We only got one. On a tributary of the Kancobin on the evening of January 4 we made our first camp and had a bath in very cold water. During that night the horses required watching, as they were too near their hemes to make it safe to trust them. We saddled up in early morning and proceeded on our wa.y. . Up and down you pass from one altitude to another, losing much, but always in the end gaining a little, you take the spurs as they prueent tiie best appearance of leading you highur. One deep and gloomy ravine, "Leather Barrel Valley," cost us a world of trouble to circumvent. Bush fires were about, and when we got into the thick of them the smoke made breathing difficult aud the eyes smart. Once we stopped and con sidered how we were to get forward with safety. " You cannot ride along in this," said the guide-a fact which had already presented itself forcibly to my own mind before ne spoke. Here the vegetation began to change. . Hitherto we had been moving through large timber, mainly of the eucalyptus type, gums of various kinds, - among whipk 1 , noticed varieties unknown to us-box, white and red; the apple tree, a gum of little value; the mountain ash,- very like our stringybark, but giving better timber. Here and there, too, coula be Been a tree from which some blackfellow in old days had cut his bark canoe, the bark gradually healing, but in all these years not yet closed over tho wound. In the hollows lovely masses of tree ferns which would moke the fortune of any collector of such things, and in one jilace what I .have been accustomed ti call the silver wattle grow ing with a clean straight stem CO to SO ft high; very grand and beautiful they looked. Some sweet-smelling- shrube and trees, such as the sassafias.and musk, were frequent. There is little or no path through these forests; occasionally we stooped our heads and bored our way through vegetation in what we only hoped was the right direction. As we got higher we came upon a circle of very dwarfed and twisted gums of no beauty or value, well realizing Marcus Clarke's description of "haggard gumtrees blown into odd shapes, distorted with fierce hot winds, or cramped with cold night winds, when theSouthero Cross freezes in a cloudless sky of ioy .blue." Through thoso, toiling painfully, _ wo came into a higher region entirely dovoidol timber. Here we were mtt aiid obstructed bytnuoh marshy land, the water - from the npnnga on the Bides of the monntain forming treacherous bogs on the «mtdl . flats. The important Question, too,-arose, what are we ts do . for, firewcod ? None- was to be eeen, and. the night was wet. "Much . diligent search,. however, - revealed to ua a miserable dead tree which at onetime had lived parasifcically in the protection of same huge overhanging . rocks. After a feeble attempt to continue its existenoe the poor dwarf had given up the ghost and. quietly passed away. We appropriated its-remains and made our second camp in the shadow of the rocks which had befriended it. Ptotesior Watson being under the impres sion that the eua got upatS o'clock roused me from my sleep at that hour to see him rise. He said he thought "I would be sony to miss it." I am not sure that for some moments I shared his opinion. The sun didnot rise eo soon as the Professor expected, but the half li^ht of the morning was very (farming, and displayed a'scene which, though half-Vuiled, ®as one of great grandeur and beauty. A forest of mountain tops war around us. This group is Victoria; that is New South Wales. From our imperial height we could lay a hand upon the head of each nation and' give ac equal and impartial' benediction to both. Away to cast and south' of ur on-th« level lands between Alps and coast rage Bunged a wide sea-of moist vapour; out of which the black heads of the mountains abruptly' rose. I felt the glory of the- scene;~ I wish -1 could describe it. But the sun eame steadily up wards, beautifully tinting and' flecking the sky, and sending the smell of the earth' up - to us in perfume. Thfe moist clouds be^an to roll slowly up the valleys at our feet, - and at- oaoe> ->f, was day. We leave our seoond camp, and now nres^ on past the Ram's Head (6,600 ft:) and Mount Townsend (eo tbe guide named it), - whioh almost contests supremacy of height with' Kosciusko. Twelve o'clock on January 6 saw us at the base of the highest motmiains in all Australia. We rested our nags, and leaving the packhorseB behind, rode as far as we oould, reaching an easy distance from the summit. The top of Kosciusko is bare of all vegetation: masses of rode are there, and through' and over these you must wind your way. stepping from rock to rock as best you can. It is not a tough job for youth. When I succeeded in reaching the top 1 found Professor Watson - comfortably seated uponthe cairn whiohinl867, when a lad, he had assisted to build. I; too, climbed the cairn, and for a few brief moments enjoyed the consciousness of occupying, the highest ]>osition of any man in Australia an experience which was as novel to -me'as it was delightful. Keturning to our saddles we now steerecUrlong the crest of the Alps in the direction of yVlount Bugong. As the day wore un there as^im arose the all-important ijjiestion of firewood. Our guide seemed inclined to give it up, hut after much searching;, we dis covered a dead stick or two a little off our proper course, and there we made our-third camp uncomfortably. There is not at this date much &uow; anywhere; only on tbe sheltered sides of the mountains here and-there wreaths were lying, the longest of which may be half a mile by fifty yards wide as a guess. Everywhere there iB now a thick mat of-short sweet grass, nativocarrots-dear to horses- and a wealth of flowers, though these arehardly yeb in full bloom. Everlastings, of whioh there are many kinds, were coming freely into blossom. Can no use be made of all this finely grassed country ? I am told that occasionally for three months or so sheep and cattle are brought from the lower regions in seasons of drought; nob otherwise.' Yet it lookB a rioher country.ihan Switzerland and cannot have u severerolunate, and it ought seme day to maintain a perma nent population, if they can stand ns-.much cold as tne Swiss. Meanwhile it is givea.over to the wild horse. He, in January,, is working his way slowly up from the lower levels to his summer pastures on Mount Kosoiuako. He knows well it will not do, for him to oome too soon, nor yet to stay too long. We found the skeletons of mobs of horses which in winter had. been overtaken by snowstorms, and who, sheltering themselves under rocks,, had remained until they died. The lioise is an animal with little intelli gence, and no resources at all in oases of danger. But alive and well in his native home the wild horse is a beautiful animal, sleek and shining in his coat and free and proud.in his movements. Jf you shout to him,. at almost any distance, away he goes, streaming, head erect, and tail well carried, aa amongst civilized horses only an Arab can cany it. They run in mobs of rarely so many,as a dozen. The young males are expelled from the society, and, usually formingjthemselves into groups of three or fput stallions, they wander about the country, to gether, reluctantly enduring an' en forced isolation from female companionship. They are often run in by those daring horse men of the Upper Murray, and are not so . difficult to break as might be expected. . Our cumxianion, Mr. Mitchell, with his brothers . had run in about 109. He told me witb evi dent satisfaction of a mob of six which he had . captured at one drive, and which, after, break ing in, he had sold "for the Indian market" at £17 to £20 a head. One of our paokhorses had in his infancy been a wi'd horse; he was. captured whilst running at his mother's foot, and lias long been accustomed to civilization; even his owner had to admit, he wasover thirteen years. This horse standing; a little over 14 hands was a tower of strength. The dead weight .of the pack he capriejl we estimated as equal to a man and a. half. He had never been shod in his life, and became through nil that stony journey without limp ing and without showing symptom? of fatigue The wild horses we saw were dark in colour, black or brown; we saw nogreso, and only onechesnut horse with aemallmob pf mares. From our third camp we steered.for Mount. Bugong. and after trying one side of the moun tain and finding it led to nowhere we went. down the other side of it by a path which I, should hardly have' considered, possible to horses. About halfway, down I was tpld, to dismount. I did so, and^entmy horse down the precipice thenceforward oq, hip. own account. But as I had no nails, ip, tny shoes I was eOon in difficulties, and ceaphpd the bottom, travelling largely upon vwonp. parts of my body, which I feel sure CTattus.never in tended to be used by me as a tqhmib of pro crreseion. I heard somebody laugh-may his conscience prick him when he reads this. Our fourth and last camp was lpwer down, and we had a comparatively comfortable. tim». of it there, though in the morning we found the coffee frozen in the pot and the water in. the pannikin. This day we altogether lost our way, and it took us twelve hours to get to, Kiandra, which enjoys the, distinction of being the highest township in aU Australia. It is 4,640 ft. - above sea level. Her» we found a floral decoration stretching across the main street with these words emblazoned on it, "Welcome to Kiandra." We were glad to be there, and to be welcomod, but wo were soon undeceived as to any per sona! application of the " welcome" when told. ilutf.ihe Governor and Lady Jersey bad passed ithrongh Kiandra on the previous, day, accom ?' panied by Mr. Pibbsand some others of the VSteiing few South Wales Government, and ;i6oal celebrities not'a Jew. Kveryfetidy was i/mliihtod with the Governor and Lady Jeraey. ?'isjhe hpd.spojien to, them, they told me, "as if .'she were an ordinary woman." It is difficult . to rejdize what they expected. In any case jjheb^3,greatly charmed them. Kiandra is a -mo8t;fot£resting place. The "Sairangobilly ;'.Caves,' with their wonderful stalactites and ' jBtalagmites, are.well' worth eeeing, and they, are ilwaya finding new caves better than tho old ones. Four miles from Kiandra is "Lobe's Hole," the orjginalof the cattle-stealers' den ? 80 vividly described by Bolf Boldrewood in ' " Bobbery/Under Arms." I did not visit it. " The whole <opuntry through which I had. been 'passing seemed studded with lobeholes. Bush fires, too, were about, whioh I was told \- made it /difficult to see the pecu-. ' liarity of ;ihe place. lb was said to me, too, . that to 0pi. into the " hole" I had to Jump my , horse oyer'thefaee of a rock, and to land on a rather; Tslippery ledge. I remembered my ezperiehoe at Bugong, and prudently remained at the'Prinee of Wales Hotel. The tainfall oE 'Kiandra last year was 64*39 inches. Last year was a mild one, and the glass not lower ' than 14 Fahr,-that is 18° below frost, I think. . Every year .the roads to Kiandra are closed to traffic by enow, and the mail is conveyed by men on snow-shoes. These snow-shoes are pieces of the mountain ash, about fiveinohes 'wide fond eight feet long, slightly turned up in front at the toe. About the middle of the shoe -there is a broad leather strap, into which you insert the foot, and' a -small leather pad which takes your heel. In use yon stand upon them, Slid guide yourself with a long stick, which is usually between the lege, but can be applied ad libitum to right or left, as the necessities of' ' the case may suggest to you. They have annual races. I saw the racecourse. It is a Quarter of a - mile long, and about as steep as the sides of the Brownhill Creek at Mitcham. The winning-post is readied when you cross the main public road. " Where do they pull up?" I enquired.' " Ob, anywhere on the fiat there," said my in formant, pointing to a very uuflat and ugly plaoe for such an operation. Mr. Thurston, the obliging Postmaster at Kiandra, informed jme that the present record for a quarter of a milo is 18 sec.-that is at the rate of fifty miles ' an hour. Of course they are trying to "broak the record." From Kiandra to Cooma by coach, 'crossing the Snowy River twice. The sources of the Snowy Hivcr and the Murrutnbidgee are close to Kiandra. The former river runs south and east, but the MurnimUidgee, after running eastwards to Cooma, turns abruptly to the west, and after a low; indoiiendent courses falls into the Murray. From Cooina to Goul burn there is a railway. Goulburn is pretty, and apparently prosperous. They say it was a thriving township when Melbourne was "houseless" and "half swamp, half sandhill." From Goulburn to Mount Barker by railway. Time all told, fifteen days from starting. " Wore you tired at the end of the journey ?" " I would rather not answer the question. I am sixty-eight oq February 4, and in the mean time I believe I hold the record as tbc oldest man.who has yet ascended Kosciusko. I do not mind admitting that I think a few years hence suoh a journey would bo too much for me.; but should I go again, £ hope I shall have the same pleasant companions and receive as much genuine kindness as met me on all sides in Victoria and New South Wales." 