LOCAL NEWS. The Jubilee Singées.-A proof of the oppreoia tion which Maitland people have of a really good entertainment was given in the enormous audiences which gathered in the Weat Maitland Town Hall on Friday and Saturday nights last week, to hoar the Jubilee Singera The capacity of the auditorium waa fully taxed, large numbers being turned away from the doors, and it may be added that its accoustio properties were found in the circumstances to be everything that was desirable. We have in previous notices dwelt upon some of the salient characteristics of the company's performances. Of .course their special feature is the repertory of plan- tation hymns-the words of Scripture which ap .?pealed peculiarly to the minds of slaves, and spoke <to them of hope, of a world where joy should reign and all men should be equal, of deliverance from rthe shackles of sin, and of the signal prefer 'xnent of those who had toiled and Buffered here. These hymna consist largely of the repetition -of phrases to which a refrain of hope, affirmation, or promise is sung, and thus there is a certain degree -of similarity between them all. The music is mingled of plantiveness and joyouaness ; and, rendered as the Jubilee Singers render it, it shows 'to what perfections of tuneful performance the human voice can be trained. The company of ?many sing as one instrument, and the modulations are so exquisite and the phrasing so admirable that supreme delight is the lot of the,hearer. Tumultu- ous applause followed every rendering on both nights, and recalls were liberally responded to. Different hearers probably have different tastes, 'but the " Steal away to Jesus," and " Keep me .from Sinking Down," " Didn't my Lord deliver Daniel ?" " Good News, the Chariot's Coming," and " Love King Jesus," were evidently pleasing to the majority. For ourselves, we have always found an 'incongruity in the singing by these ministrslB of ?the Lord's Prayer, and the applause which habitu- ally follows its execution jara. We could wish 'the petition omitted from the programme. Among the notable other numbers of Sutui day night's ea f»rf»inmont mr,in Mr O. M. MoAdoo'a baSB Bolo. "A ?.Hundred Fathoms Deep," which exhibited in all ita excellence his wonderful voice ; Madame Ball's "*' Caller Herrin ;" the solos of Miss Laura A. Carr, and Mr. H. Hodges' "Anchored." The ladies mentioned beth rejoice in the possession of pure and sweet soprano voices, and we Bhall not venture to award the palm of superiority. All the peforcicrs were obliged to respond to recalls, which they did cheerfully, and by their repeat songs added largely to the acceptableness of the entertainment. Another feature of both evenings waa the work of the quartette both in humorous and pathetic selections-Messrs. Collins, Hodges, E. and O. McAdoo. Mr. Collina, who has a very sweet tenor voice, was not hearl in English solo in Maitland, but evidence of hie quality waa abundant in the part singing. The recitations of Miss Julie C. Wormlie are valuable augmentations of the variety of the programme. Her aermus piece on Saturday night, " How he saved St. Michael's," bore testi- mony to her intellectual and dramatic ability, but the repeat tendering-in which a child is supposed under the influence of the delicious terror generated by them to be retailing ghost stories told in the twilight-waa an inimitable bit of character portraiture. The Company are now travelling on their way to Brisbane, and our friends on the route will have opportunity of hearing them. Maitland îb promised a return visit some time in September. A Warning to Vignerons.-Numerous experi- ments have been recently made in~ France by M. Munta with a view to ascertain the actual results of the practice pursued in some vineyards of picking the leaves off the vine when the grapes are ripening, in order to expose the bunches to the dirpct action of the sun. It haa been found that these acquire a temperature from fifteen to twenty degrees above that of the grapea sheltered by leaves, and that the increase of heat is greater in red than ia white grapes. But it is proved to be attended with a notable diminution of the saccharine they contain, and therefore the practice is one which should not be encouraged. Football as it is Plated.-People whose sole knowledge of football is derived from reading the sporting ond other papers hold a sort of hazy ideo that the game was invented for the improvement cf the physique of young men who had au ambi- tion to be considered athletic, and although they have some misgivings as to the exact meaning of the ' terms " mauls," " scrimmages," "rushes," and *' tosses," and evinced some curiosity as to the spot where the majority of the kicks alighted, yet are altogether satisfied that football ia a pastime a few degrees more exciting than kite flying. They are simply deluded innocents, and we can imagine their horror if they saw a few of our lowly modern 'local footballers careering wildly around like animated human sausage machines with blood and blasphemy in their mouths and both fists and feet in the other fellow's. We carefully hasten to explain that we do not allude particularly to any club or set of clubs in these remarks, for the modern footballer is a bold, bad mau to fall out with, or for the matter of that to fall in with. The Rugbyites are fairly willing young men, and so aro the Aaaociationists in their own little way ; one side is as bad as the other and worse. Appropriately enough two matches under Rugby rules were played -on the Albion Ground on Saturday, the proceeds of which were to go to the Pierce Memorial Nurses' Home. Footballera aro getting thoughtful for their .own comfort when days of adversity and broken iegs come. The contestants were the West Mait- land A and B teams against the East Maitland A and B teams; but we would never have known what the twoapparently insane mobs were doing had we not «een the affair advertised. To say that the matches wero played in a rough spirit does not give any idea of the brutal tactics of some of the contestants whoso sole desire appeared to be to place as many of their opponents as possible hors da combat instead -of striving to get the ball into the enemy's terri ory. A couple of the players were scientifically knocked out and one had to be attended by a doctor, whiht after the match a fight took place between a spectator and one of the winners. The en slogged one other for a short time in the midst of a howling crowd of horsemen and footmen, and as there were many parti ans of the East and West present there seemed every probability at one time of there being a riot on an extensivo scale. Eventually the row was Btopped, but from the con 'duot of footbillers ia- Maitland, in Newcastle, ^Wallsend, elsewhere in this colony and adjoining ones, it is pretty evident that their exuberant animul spirits and rowdiness will have to be forcibly curbed hy the presence of a large force of policemen at all their deleotable exhibitions. Bicycle Race.-A good deal of excitement was visible in local cycling circles on Saturday after- noon over the anxiously looked-for match between W. McDonald and F. Mears, for a £5 trophy. W. McDonald who was considered the faster rider, but the unexpected generally happens, and this applies to sporting fixtures particularly. The start was made from near Goodyer's Hotel, Campbell's Hill, and the course extended to the Church at Lochinvar and back, a distance of some ten miles. Mr. G. Robertson was judge; Mr. J. Besley acted as starter, and sent the men away very evenly. Mears at once dashed to the front, and riding along at a nice pace was some 200 yards ahead at the turning point; this advantage he increased on the homeward journey, which he completed comfortably three minutes before McDonald, who greatly disappointed his supporters. Each man road a cushion-tyred safety, and the winner occu- pied 45 minutes in his task. Unenterprising Brickmakers.-In the course of conversation the other day with Mr A. C. Lee, the architect, we learned that, to the lasting reproach of the brickmakers of East Maitland, gentlemen of his profession are obliged to specify for decent facing of brick buildings, bricks which are made elsewhere than in Maitland. The reason is that in Maitland the brickmakers are content to use old-fashioned modes of making, and . will not go to the expense of machinery for pressing or otherwise turning out an article decently suitable. The clay is excellent ; the quality of the article turned out gives every satis- faction except in finish ; the colour is as good as can be got from the clay now used ; and all that is necessary on the part of Maitland brickmakers to keep and to extent their trade is so much enter- prise as shall procure machinery. We regret very sincerely to hear thiB statement of apathy to their heat interests, and hope this reference to it may cause these manufacturers to bethink themselves to take away their reproach. Business is none too brisk to be played with, and men who are concerned in a trade do not do their community justice if they from want of energy and enterprise drive that trade «way. i FiBB at Murrurundi.-Some premises occupied by Chinese gardeners in the west end of the town were burnt down on Friday night. The Chinese lost .£220 in notes which were concealed on the premises. An inquiry was held before Mr. G. R. Evans, coroner and police magistrate, on Saturday, and a verdict was returned that there was I no evidence to show how the fire occurred. The loss is a heavy one to the Chinese, and sympathy is expressed with them on all Bides. Tub Chicago Exhibition Commission -At the meeting of the Chicago Exhibition Commission, held on Friday, says the Herald, it was stated that there was a general impression among the public that the expenditure already; incurred, or about to be incurred, to secure the representation of the colony at the World's Fair, waa largely in excess of the sum allowed by Parliament for the purpose. It was suggested that there wus an idea abroad that a number of gentlemen were to be despatched to America as special commissioners, and that the expenses of these official representatives would 1 amount to a good round sum. The members of the commission who spoke on the subject said that they desired the f nllet>t publicity to be given to the fact that these ideas were entirely erroneous. The Chairman announced that Sir George Dibbs had asked the commission to keep the maximum expenditure for all purposes at from £50,000 to .£80,000, and in accordance with the request the commission bad held a meeting, and the committees submitted estimates of expenditure amounting in all to £12,300. The total outlay incurred or authorised up to date only amounted to £3780. This statement wqb regarded as a refutation of the rumours that had gained currency, and the denial that the chairman gave to the suggestion that special commissioners had been appointed by the commission was received with satisfaction. Accident at Football.-OaFriday afternoon au accident happened to Walter Edmunds, son of Mr. ThomaB EdmundB of High-street. The little fellow attends the We3t Maitland Superior Public School, and on the afternoon he and a number of fellow pupila went on to the Park where they are accas tomed to play football. When running, by some means he fell, and coming down with one arra under him, the limb waa broken. The services of Dr. Power were called in and the injured arm was set, and Master EdmundB is doing as well as can be expected. Butter Factory at Hinton.-We are pleased to notice that through the energy r.nd enterprise of Mr. J. Lavis, of Hinton, a butter factory has been started in that centre, operations being commenced Bome weeks back, and are proceeding with vigour and success. Mr. Lavis has secured the latest machinery and appliances for butter-making, and if he turns out an article of the same excellent quality as the sample he left at our office, there need be no fear of hie not finding a ready market and a good price for all he can turn out. The Rickards English Company at the Town Hall.-Last evening in presence of a fairly large audience, the Rickards English Comedy Company ' made their appearanre. An apology waa made for the absence of Mr. Rickards ; a favorite visitor to Maitland. It was stated that that gentleman was in bad health. However an attractive programe waa presented. It was of a diversified character ¡ and the applause was frequent and hearty. Better patronage was deserved. Railway Tenderb.-In another column in this issue tenders are invited by the railway authorities for the repairing and cleaning qf clocks and watches ; and kIso for a supply of ironbark sleepers. In the first caes the tenders are to be in by Monday next, and in the hitter by the following Monday. The University Examinations.-In another column will be Been an announcement over the signature of the Rev. A. W. Brough, the Hon. Sec, stating that Benior, junior, and Civil Service ex- aminations in connection with the University will commence at West Maitland on September 12. Mi. Brough will supply candidates with the forms of application, and they have to be returned to him by the afternoon of Monday the 22nd inat. 