JOTTINGS. The Farewell At the station On Monday night An affecting scene. Tragedy gets a great send off. The band in attendance playing “For He’s a Jolly Good Fellow.” Tears and lamentations. Handker chiefs in great demand. Tom presents tho wanderer with an overcoat, Trag. could not express his gratitude. He said that he would never forget his Woodend chums. As the train steamed out of the station three hearty cheers were given for our old friend. Everyone went homo very silently, and the expressions, “ He wasn’t a bad old sort! ” and “ We will miss him, chaps,” were frequently heard. The ladies, too, will mourn his loss, as he was a great favorite with them. , One little boy, who is now called “ Mr.” composed the following— Oh ! Tragedy has left us, His jokes we'll hear no more 5 The ladies they will miss him, Of that I’m very sure. Hut now he’s gone away, We wish him lots of luck 5 •For he was always one of us, And never failed for pluck. . ■Chorus—For He’s a Jolly Good Fellow. Snake killed un Sunday afternoon oft Gin long. Kyneton point to point steeplechase The startling business that was to have been inserted to-day is held over. “ Clean sheet” at the Court on Mon Why did the young fellow want to go to Springfield on Sunday ? You now and then meet folk who have all kinds or sense except common sense. Q-: “ Why is a certain saddler’s name like a sea-breeze ? ” Z-; “Be cause it’s a good wind of course.” Overheard up the Main road on Sun day night:—She : “ Take your arm away Charlie, you have had it there for the last half hour.”- He; “ Well.T don’t mind icaisfing my time this way.” Another lunatic has broken loose, and is in Woodend. He toots tliusly :— He called her miss and she called him mister.' They continued this till one night he kissed her; Then their bashfulness they perceived was folly, Now he calls her Bess and she calls him Cholly. A strange coincidence. Three well known gentlemen dream — the same night—that they were snake charming. A gentleman who was in a terrible rush to got to work tho other morning, by mistake put his coat on back to front. He didn’t notice his blunder, being in such a hurry. On nearing the All Nations Hotel, he tripped over a large stone and got a nasty fall. On being asked by a friend, who picked him up, if he was hurt, he exclaimed, looking at his coat, “No, but bedad, I must have got a nasty twist !” It wasn’t Willie, Who is it that’s going to take eleven ladies to the ball to-morrow night ? It’s known, but in case of accidents will be kept secret until the time couies. Young wire (11.85 p.m.) : “ What’s that horrible odour ? Smells like alcohol.” Member of the Spring Chicken Club : “ Ye-es, my dear, we use alcohol at the clubroom for initiation. Take somo alcohol, light it, put some salt m flame, and it gives a ghastly yellow light —makes you look like ghosts, de yer mind.” Young Wife ; But that odour comes from yonr breath.” Member of S.C.C.: “ S-0-0 it does my dear—in the thirty-seventh degree I personate the boss rooster with the flames coming out of my mouth. I take a mouthful of alcohol and a swallow of salt, and then set fire to it. But, m’dear, don’t tell any body these things. Secret s’ciety. Secrets very sacred, yer know. Who killed the dead snake, ’Arry ? Don’t think we forget. Someone passing out of a certain Hotel yard in the dark ran against a post. Hang yon, I wish you were in the lower regions,” was his angry re mark. “Better wish it somewhere else.” said a knock-kneed, cross-eyed passer by, “ you might run against it again.” A drunk in this town the other night, when he was being removed to the watch house commenced to sing “ Comrades, ever since we were boys.” Jt was only absent mindedness though, ho did’nt mean to tell on himself. Tip by “ Red Nose ” for the Kyneton Hunt Club point to point steeple chase :— FERRET ... 1 HIBERNICA ... 2 BRIGHTLIGHT 8 Judge (to police officer) : ‘Are you sure, sir, that the prisoner was drunk ?’ Officer? ‘Is it drnnk, yer Honor? Shore, if he had shpoke through the tilliphone tho breath av him wud have made the poles shtagger.’ Z-presented a lace collar to the object of his love on Monday night, and said? ‘Do not let any one else rumple it, darling. ‘No, dear, I will talce ltoff,’ answered Q-. This is a fact. Somo very fanny things were scene at the dancing class on Friday night. You shouldn’t bide, Alt. The cocoanut ice stick-jaw made Fy certain yonng ladies yesterday afternoon was terrible. A young gentleman who was presented with some of the com position, sent it to an expert so as to get an idea as to the proper name of it. TTie expert sent it back -with the following Inscription—“K.S.D.,” which means “Kill stone dead.” A late telegram ?—Kind regards to all lady and gentlemen .friends. Arrived safe.—Tragedy.. 