^t[^clti«jte?iw« PuWtlml Overt TumUiy, Thnnilay ami Mania V, ' I am In thu place wlioru I nmdoinnndeil of conscience to speak the truth | mid thoro foro the truth I sneak, Impugn It whoso list.' rt/JXD.ir, fiumuMiv a, 'ism. MATTUI1H III coiiueellou with I lie establish ment of tho Tulile I'apu llutter nml llaeou Fnutory nre Kteadily advancing towanls the dcnlrcd consuininallou. Silicu the publlu meeting at which the iiroposiil was first con sldoral Hie miitler has been freely dlscusseil by nil thosu interestul or likely lo bo inter csted, with thu result. Hint all iilmost gi-nenil feeling prevails throughout the 'l'nlilo Cape district strongly favoumblo to the project. Farmers nro beginning to rcallsu tho value nnd Importance lo the district of this now departure In Hie dairying industry, nnd already very Bntisfnctory promises of support from milk suppliers have been received, as well ns from intending shnreholders. One gciilleman has promised to supply the milk from 100 cows dully if the factory Is estab lished i another Tram SO cows per day ; whilst many others have promised smaller supplies. And ns n systematic canvas of the district is to bo commenced this week, there is very little doubt lint I hat a siilllelenl quantity of milk will be promised lo justify the pur chase of the necessary plant nnd Ilio con struction ot the buildings ns soon in the company Is ilonted. With rcganl to the latter, whilst tho early Hoalallou is of course not certain, there Is every probability that the whole of the shares will be taken up within a short time. Shareholders are to he guaranteed Interest at tho into of 10 per cent, per annum on the amount paid up, which will hi; u first charge upon the prolll.-, tho remaining prollts lo bo divided amongst shareholders ami those supplying the factory with milk or pork. The prospectus ot the company will bo found in our nilvcitlsinu; columns, which should lie carefully perused bv all those interested in tho formation of the Table Cnpc llutter and Ihicon Factory. As previously stated llie capital Is .CSOOO, in 2000 shares ot ill each; shares being offered to the public on Hie following terms :—'.'/. per share on npnlicntion, 2/. on allotment, anil 8/. per share nt throe, six, nnd nine months ; making a total ot 10/. per shnrc payable at the end of nine months. This will give .C1000. Should further calls be necessary they will lio made al intervals of not lessthan one month and not lo exceed 1/. per share. The site propo-eil is In the vicinity ot I'enrt's llridgo, over Dig Clock, where about 10 acres ot suitable ground can, it Is thought, be secured on rensonnble term*. Tho motive power will be water, and this will considerably reduce the cost of plant, besides ensuring the absence ot nny objec tionable smells, Ice— likely to result from the use of a sleani engine— -o essential for the production of butter ot the best quality. It is specially stated that the factory will lie worked entirely on the co- opemtivu principle, ' by which no one, from the largest share holder to the smallest prwlucer, will gel mure than his share of I he prollts.' Share holders .u-o to be allotted votes on the follow ing scale :— ID shares, one vote ; SO shares. two votes; Si) shares, three votes; 100 shares, live votes; and an additional vote for every SU shares above 100. The probable average price to be pnid for milk will be Id. pel gallon, ami 31-l. per lb. for pork. If it Is correct ns stilted— and wo have hnd ample confirmation of the assertion from experi enced dairymen— that the average price obtained for milk under the present system Is not more thnn lid. per gallon, dairy fnrmors will thus gnin Id. per gallon on nil their milk. Deducting one half-penny per gallon from this for the re-purclinsc of skim milk, reduces tho trnln to one linM-pcuny per gallon, but pigs can l,o fattened with the skimmed milk nml the usual farm refuse, nnd sold to the factory at !I.Jd. per lb., which brings the profit on milk up to 4d. per gallon, llesldes this there Is the value of calves reared, or partly reared, on skimmed milk, nnd tho milk producers' share of the profits made by the company. So that now there Is some dellulte data to work upon (in the pro bable prices to lie paid for milk nnd pork), the advantages to producers can be more clearly shown than before. As to a market for ns much good butter and well-cured pork as the factory cau produce, that is nssurcd, nnd the average prices for both should lie 1/. per lb. for butter, nnd 7d. per lb. for bacon, leaving an ample margin to pay first cost, management, .Vcc., nml a surplus for profit. With reference to the conveyance of milk to the factory, It is pointed out in the prospec tus that ' by mutual arrangements nmoii|.'t neighbours, the milk supply of s..v i ' :, ducers cau be taken to Hie fa-l . ?? . carrier; thereby resulting in t e saving ot considerable time.' The great gum will I* that a payalilu price will always be ensured, and regular montly paymeiiU will result. We understand Unit Mr. W. Chamber* has been apiHilnleil to canvas thu district fur support, ami be will maku a start this week. He will lie able to furnish producers and i.hurcholilcrs with nil information, and it Is eoulideully expected Mint his work will he attended with the mint satisfactory results. Mr. 1). A. Cole, Wjnynrl, the acting hono rary secretary, will ulii supply any particu lar required, and receive applications for shares. Mattkiis of the greatest Importance to the rc«ldelits of liurnie will be submitted to the L'ouxiilcruliiill of thu members of thu Kmu Hay Kind 'Crust ou Thursday next. Wo allude to the proposals uf a Mcllxiurnc syndi cate lo provide a water supply and construct gas works for thu convenience of residents In tile township. Sir. J. S. Wooleol t, solicitor, of Mcllsiurne, one of the members of Hie syndicate, arrive. I ut llurule on Saturday last, but was compelled to relnrn yesterday afternoon. The object of his visit was to Interview the [irlnclpal residents ot the town with reference to the proposals of tho syndi cate, 'lids was accomplished, nnd particular* of tut1 same banded to the cluiiruuiu v( the lload Trust. Mr. Woulcoll hns nl»o nddrussed i letter to Ihuliilmbltnulsof liurnie (through Hie medium uf uur culuuuis) dealing brlelly with lliunpplleiitlumioElhu syndicate, which will bu round in another part of this Issue. Application was nUo Hindu to tho lload Trust puinu days ago ml behnlf of Mr, J. M. Held, of Melbourne, mid other gentlemen, Tur permission, to bring Into the town ship n water supply mid electricity. Wo do not Intend lo voter nt kiugth la-day to thu proposals of the syndicates, hut lo wait until lifter Hie publication of tliu lattun forwiuileil to the 1 toad Trust. Then Is no denying thu fuel that the lime has arrival fur liurnie lo have n water supply and also a better mid morb economical nrlillclnl light than Is pro vided by thu use of kerosene. Hut In admit ting this it is nccosinry to eeenro thesu ndvnnlages on the bust terms to those who will have to pay for them :— Whether out side capitalists shall bu allowed to control such works under conditions lo lie agreed upon, or whether the town itself shall con struct them. This is n matter for careful consideration, any decision depending, of course, upon tho proposals of the capitalists ami upon the circumstances of tliu town. Under tho Hoad Act 1881, nnd the Amen ding Act ot 188,-., the ltoad Trust or thu lload Hoard has not tho power to give the permission asked for by both syndicates. This brings forcibly before us the necessity of taking steps to ereato n Town of llnrnle. Under the ' Town llonnls Act 18111,' power is given to nny town to under take works similar to those proposed to bu erected by the Melbourne syiidlcate8,nnd, we are uf opinion, also to convey that right to others. As mntters stand nt present tho resi dents of llurnio nro practically powerless to carry out any works for their own conveni ence or tho general welfare of the place, ex. cepting tho construction of roads and foot paths, though permission may bo obtained by n special Act ot l'mllamcnt, which- is nn ex pensive, slow, nnd Inconvenient mutual of procedure. It Is u icproach to the residents of llurnlu that, whilst the township or road district is the most Important centio on the North West Coast, with an almost daily In crease ot population, now numbering up wards of 1000, that tliey'.have net already taken advantage of the opportunity ot seeiu iiut self-control, ami tliu power to cany oui wurks ot n greatly needed and beneficial char acter. We nre nuiire Hint about twoyenrsago an endeavor was made to have u town of Uurnl«proclniincd,but owing to opposition it was unsuccessful. Much of that opposition hits since been withdrawn nud there is little doubt if steps were now Inkeii In this direc tion, that they would speedily result in the formal Ion of u Town Hoard. We commend the propusulsuf the Mellwunitt syndicates to the careful nud earnest consideration of our fellow residents, as well as the necessity for forming n Town, but will defer further refe rence to these mutters until utter the ltoad l'rusl and lload Hoard 1 live dealt with the applications which they have received. AllXOI.D-llAllSKTT CO.VCKKT TOUII.— Oil thu occasion of the last concert tour of M r. Hubert Arnold, the eclelmitcd violinist, an, I Mr. Mniighnu llnrnell, Hie fumuusiplanlst, to the North-West Coast, their visit only ex tended ns far ns Ulverstone. In consequence, however, of the cllthnsiuMil created by these two brilliant instrumentalists on every occa sion of their appearance, Messrs. Arnuld and llaruett have decided to revisit the North West Coast, and extend their tour ns far as llurule and Waratuh. It is not often that the chance oilers of hearing two such accom plished virtuosos on this pait of the Coast, ami Hie fainu of their perfuruiauees will doubtless ensure them the greatest success herein every way. The iippeamuee also ol Mr. W. W. Thornthwaltc, the eminent bari tone, should prove a groat additional attrac tion, this gentleman being justly celebrated as one of the most accomplished vocalists at present in Tasmania, lly advertisement it will be seen that Messrs. Arnold nml Hnructi will oiiuii nt the Town Hull, liurnie, on Mon ilnv. Feb. IS, and nt Wanitiili on Tuesday. Fell. III. Dates of visits to othercoast town nrc also ndvertiscd. Snakea— Our Irish Town correspondent writes:— On Wednesday afternoon .Mrs. T. O'llnllonni went to the well for a bucket ol water. She hnd let the bucket down when n sudden shower ot rain caused her to run inti the house. She returned io the well nliout 10 minutes later, and proceeded to draw up the bucket by means of the windlass. When Mrs. O'llnllorau had raised I lie bucket nearly lo the to]', she discovered n snake about lift, long coiled round tliu rope, which gave her u great start. She called to her husband, who wus working nbout ten chains away lint quickly ran lo his wife's assistance. Upon realising tliu posltluu of affairs Mr. O'ltiillonin took the linmlle of the windlass and wound up thu rope, which ..jueeral thu rcplile to death.— Snakes appear to be very numerous on some parts of the coast this season. At lloat Harbour a few days ngo eight-were killed on the main road by one person whilst walking from the Flowcrdnlo Junction. Some very large 'family' snakes have been killed nt other places, re port stating Hint on Thursday last Mr. John lies killed n large tiger snake on his property, Moriarty, which contained HI fully devel oped young ones. Another snake killed in the tame locality contained 18 young ones. Wkst Coast Sii.vbu Fikuw. — Mr. It. Qulggin passcil throiujh llurule on Saturday aftcruooii for Wynynnl, ou his return from a 11 Ip to the West Coast silver fields, oecupy ,i- nearly three weel.r. .Mr. Qidggitl and \- ml other gentlemen, Including Mr. John ...iv. M.H.A., nnd I lie lion. Adye Douglas, I....C, examined the principal mines nt Zecli.,n and Dulidas, ami the surrounding country, and all thu memlieis of the party were greatly Impressed with tho improved state of many of the mines, and uf tliu pros pects of the silver fields lisa whole. Much genuine work is being currinl out on all sides, the prospects fully w ? unllng It. In connection with I lie alnjve it may lie staled Die (loveinincllt have paid the contractor* of thu Struhun-Xccliau Hue 410,000, anil intend biking the Hue over positively on Thuiwluy next. U.M. I'uei: Ciiuiicii.— The Hev. W. II. Howe preached to a numerous congregation at the United Methodist Free Church on Sunday evening rrom the words, 'Hut ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost U come upon run; and ye shall be witnesses unto me Imth in Jerusalem, ami in allJudea, mid in Pumniln, mid ujito the utturiiKMl parts of Hie earth'— Acts 1st, Sili verse, ami ' They weiv all tilled with the llolv llhost, and began to speak wllh oil ? tongues n» the Spirit gave them utterance' —Acts 8ml, ilrd verse. Thu rev. gentleman briefly narrated some of the wnndroiis works of Hod during the Chriuian Convention held In l.annevston laet week, when he, among other iiiuiiiUth, hu.1 had, like thonrptihet luslnli, the live coal nimllul to' III* Miviuul would henceforth address his hearers with a different tongue, beginning lint at Jerusa lem, which was his home, ami then going to Snmnriaaud Judca, which were Stowimrt, I'eiK-iiiii and other districts III which ho ministered.' Tliu result ut 'tint 'Convention', the rev. gentleman cblujilereil, hnd' been' fur more wonderful than the recent earth* quukc, Miss Ackhumann.— Miss Aukernmun, thu World's Missionary fur tho W.O.T.U., addressed a largo nsseiuhlngu at thu Town Hull, llurule, on Sundiiyovunltig, discoursing upon the Sllth vorsu of the 1 1 tit ehapturiif t-t. Matthew— ' Como unto mu nil yu Hint nro weary nud heavy Indoii nnd 1 will glvu you rest,' Miss Aokcriiiauu brlelly stated tho object of her mission ; she had n messngo to deliver to thu people— the very generous invltnthm Implicit in the wonls of hur text. That very Sabbnth day, the bulluvcil, thu holy message was reverberating throughout tho world ; In henthen m well nn Ohrlstlnn communities, and you could plant your fool on scnreely nny shore whuro tliu glad tiding* wuro not buiiig proclaimed, All through tliu Illble, from tho time when Noah sought rufugo ill thu nrk, Hie Saviour extended the Invitation, 'Come.' And yet there were many who still rejected tho Invitation. Ministers of the gospul were used by (1 oil in instruments to convey to Hie pjople the gon tie wonls of a loving Saviour, nud when earliest pleading failed In tho conversion reeouiiio had p-'lforou In ho taken to other less dcslmblu means. Wo road In the Hible how Jerusalem win visltu I In Us Iniquity, nnd of tliu lender wonls of our Saviour whoa Ho beheld thu fallen city— ' How often would I have gathered thy children together ns a hen ilotli gather her chickens under her whig, but ye would not.' lleverses oflen came ns warnings to thu peopK', nud were often inslrumeuliil In the conversion of pur son) ; shu luid often noticed how changes of fortune imidu people stop nnd consider, nnd this same factor had righted many homes. Shu hnd known a city where many respect able people would not tm verso its highways becnitBc of Its Inquity ; a city whose people positively Ignored the sanctity of Hie blessed Sabbath day. One evening the mil wentduwn In nil its imijcstlo grandeur, gilding its ninny snlrc.1 mul domes as It disappeared liehiud the horlr.on. Never was beheld n lovelier spectacle. Hut when morning dawned the great city was nblaxc ; nurcs and ncrcn .of Iioiuiu wuro on fire ; umiiv.n man who went to bed a millionaire woku up penniless. This visitation rnus'jd tho people lo take counsel together, nnd It was resolved to build n largo tnbcrnnclu. Two evangelists came, nml in n very short timu, (1000 souls were won for Uod. Miss Ackermnuu had n special mes sage for the young men. When situ was leaving her native laud she was entrusted witli llfly letters fur mothers' biys, In the hope that she might meet them in Madagas car or somu other foreign ' Inml. SheTiad fount! live ot the number. The message she hnd for the young men Hint oveuing was from tlmlr father to 'Come.' At the con clusion of the nddrens the Hev W. II. Do wo contriimtcd somu wonls of encouragement. Miss Ackcrnumn addressed n meeting of ' women only ' ycstcnlny afternoon In the Town-hall, uliout M being present. The subject of the nddrcss was ' Women's Work and Women's Influence' At the close the uiiiis of Ilio Women's Chrlstlun Temperance Union were explained, ami 211 of those present gave in their mines to become members of n local branch of Hint organisation. This society has now about' lr,,(Hli) brunches with a uienilier shlp of over brlf a million. Last night Miss Ackermnuu nddr.'sscil about 2H0 persons In thu Town Hall on ' the rise and progress of the Women's Ohrlstlun Tern pcrnnce Union. The ltiv. W. II. Howe was chairman nud opened the meeting with a for,- appropriate remarks. Miss Ackermanh spoke fur about an hour and n half, her remarks being very atten tively listened to throughout. A fuller re iiortof the meeting is held over until Thurs day. To-night Miss Aekurmaiiu will deliver her popular lecture on ' The Women of Asia' which will no doubt attract n crowded audience. Wynvaiii) Notks.— Our correspondent wrote ycatcnl.iy :— Tliu shipping ut Wyn ynnl presented quite n gay appearance yes tenlay In regard ts the number of vessels in port uiiil the bunting hung out to cele brate the Day uf Hest. Altogether seven vessels were ut nuehor at the same time, including two steamers. Thu presence of so many craft in our river nt one timu wns n favourable, topic of eonvemitlon, especially as all tho vessels appeared to have full cargoes for discharge or sliipmcut. The well-known old trader tho Swonllisli. formerly n regular member of our licet when Hying the Hag of Messrs. Moore mid Qulgglu, has been fully loaded with Iduckwaod. for the port of Adelaide, and was to leayc for her destination by lids morning's tide, Another vessel, thu Enterprise, has already taken the bjrth vacated by the Swonllisli nud Is now being loaded ns quickly iib possible for tho same ]x,rt wllh n similut cargo. Sir. W. Garner has n large contnicr with tho Adelaide railway authorities for the supply of blackwood, and the arrival nml departure of these larger trailers to our port has added quite an air of importance to the usual quiet dlng'dotiir of our shipping calendar.— Tho recent balmy days have quite rejoiced the hearts of haymakers nud farmers generally. Already iiiuni'ioii' teams nrc putting in nn appearance with the fragrant loads of hay, and n much mure active scene Is now to lie beheld hi our streets than has for some time been the case.— Ycsterdny morning the Hev. C. Lancaster, n visitor from Hiillarnt, Victoria (Weslcyim) occupied Ilio pulpit In the Unltod Methodist Free Church. The rev. gentleman preached an excellent dis course to nn appreciative oougregatlun, bas ing his remarks upon the loiith Psalm, nnd the 12th nml i:ith verses thereof. In the afternoon nt .'I o'clock, nud again at 7 p.m., Mr. Lancaster preached for Hie Wcsleynns 111 tho Town Hull to goal i\uilie|ieot nud wllh much nccoptnnoo. All tho churches were in full swing last night, nud despite the fact that livedcnomlimtlons were holding divine wondiip nt tho Bame time the congregations wore unusually large.— Mr. It. Qulggin re turned from n somewhat lengthy visit to Zcchau on Snlunlny Insl. I have not had an opportunity of seeing him since his return, but I am informed that he is confident as to the soundness of tho prospects of our grc.it Western sllvcrllelds.— Ou Wcluoslny next Mr. J. Alexander's plucky little two- year, old, liar One, will leave for I.aiiueesloii, where he is to compete in two ot thu big events next week, liar One is In capital form, nud despite the presence of such noted nml dangerous com|miiion»Wp ns The Serpent unil olhurs, there. Is good nuiaou to hone (so turlites here think) that liar One may very likely bar one or two of the supposed cer tainties of tho coveted priie. SAbB Of FiniKtTUiiB, Kto. — Intending purchasers of furniture and others interested nre reminded that the very large quantity to be oltcrcd for sale ut the Queen's (Imiuniar School ou Friday next is now open for In spection. Cards to view may bu obtained ou application nt this office or from thu auc tioneer, M r. William .lone*. The win will comi'iciite lit l|a.l?-|inst'|:!'o'c|nek. I1. I1. A. Sodiktv.— Intending exhibitors nud others nro Informed that tho annual shn.v In connection with tho Penguin Agri cultural Society will be held on Wcduesdav, April l», Knuc.moN.w,. — It Is announced In our advertising columns Hint duties will he resumed at the Ql,r|'s IllgliSpl^Vfynyi.r.l, i)i, Thurxuiy next, MebrWry l! ' ' ? I.icuxsixi! Hexoii.— The lint quarterly licensing meeting for.!81K! wns held at thu Court House vestenlay morning. Present— Messrs. A. K. Chnpnuin (chairman). J. W. Xoito»-Smitli. \y. .luiies. 0, fl'OiiWiau, und 0. II. IIu||. 'lyinsleri worn granted to Mrs. Atiiilu'l'roctor fdf: Hie Uiscliblf Hotel, Wunitnli,' from .1.' J. llumpfif.' and 1L W. Alfonl for the Wurutuli Hotel, from Wlllium Lnweou. TAHtiB OAl'B lUaixa Ol.tin.— Tlio full programme for tho annual nice mooting ot he nbovu club; to bo held on Thursday, Mnreli 10, nppau-s In our n IvuilWii;? columns. An excellent bill ot fnro his been pnivldod, consisting at six uvents, for which added money to thu amount of jtW.1 is olfurcd, whiuh is very crcdltubUi for a country incut Ing and should ensure numerous iiomlnn lions mid goal fields, Tliu events nro ns follow I— liutillo Haco, of 10 sow,; Maiden Plato, of !!0 kovb.; Wynynnl Cup, of 120sovs.t Two Ycnr old Iluco, of X) sovs.; Klylng Hun dlmp, of »:- sovs.i HelUng llnck Rice, uf 80 snvs. Nominations lor nil events eloso ou Muudny, Fobruury Hi, weights will bo declared ou February 811, nud acceptances March 5 1 nil horses not scratched by March o will be considered acceptors, It Is to bo regretted that II days elapse between Hie Wynynnl nud lliiruiu races thin year, us it cannot ]»isslbly benefit cither meeting, nud will hurt both. Wu have nn ilouht that hnd some oillclal expres sion uf opinion lioen givon by cither club, with a view of bringing tho meets closer together on niltablu days, that a satisfactory nrmugemcut could have been made. Hut 11 Is loo latu now to nrningo for nu alteration, nud It is to be Imped that Hie residents of both districts will do their best to make Imth gatherings ns successful im jiosslhle. Tliu closer together thu races nt Wyuynnl nud llurnlu nru held, the belter for both (siilllelunttlme.of course, being nllowed for Hie horses to rest) nud for future meetings nn uiiderstnudlng should lie nrrlvcd nt with this object In view, nt the same time arrang ing for both clubs to hold their races llrst in each year nltcruntcly, after the manner uf Ijiimceston und Ilohart, In the intercuts of both. , To Faiimkkh and CoNTii.voToiis.— Mr. tleorgo Moroy, of Myrtle (!n»v, Table dpo, announces that bo is now prep ired to under take contracts for threshing or slone-criishlng in any of tlio surrounding districts, having recently purchased the necessary plant from Mr. F. Slut tenl.' FUXBHAI/— Tho mortal remains of the lute Mr. Thompson Ilrnwu were taken to their last resting place in the llurnlu Ceme terv on .Sunday last, the nnlrgc being largely attended. About ill! members of the I.O.O.I'. (of which lalgu deeensiil was n member) pr ceded the hearse, the majority being from Wynynnl. Tlio ceremony nt the grave wns conducted by thu llev. W. 11. Howe. Thu funeral mis delayc.l until about halt-past B, owing to Mr Howe being unable to return from Penguin earlier. The funeral nrraiigemcuts were carried out by Mr. J. Mylnn. OODKIN HXTBKDF.D S.M. Co.— Tlio B.S. Cambria, which left for I.inncejtoii on Satur day morning, look three Inss of silver ore from the above mine for shipment to Ken nedy and Co.'s smelting works, at Hobart, for treatment. V.D.L. Bank.— We learn from an ex- change that a meeting of the creditors of the V.D.L. Bank was held at Hobart on Friday, at which there was a good attend- ance, Mr. Fitzgerald being in the chair. The liquidators submitted a report, from which it appeared that after writing off all losses in every settlement made to date, there still remained a surplus of assets over the liabili- ties amounting to £363,972, which will be sufficient to provide for all losses that are likely to occur in the course of liquidation, and also pay all charges in connection there with, if time be given. The liabilitlies of the bank when the dividend payable on Feb. 3 is paid will have been reduced by fully one third. In reply to some questions the chairman stated that in a few cases creditors, had been given five years wherein to pay their overdrafts, but he believed they would be settled in much less time than that. He was under the impression that liquidation would cease in four years, and at that time the principal would be paid in full with Interest on fixed deposits. The whole ex- penses of liquidation would not, he thought, exceed eight thousand pounds. THE EFFECT of I.IGHT AND TEMPERA- TURE ON METALS.— Our Information as to the effect of light and temperature upon metals is gmdunlly being extended. Acconl Ing lo' Iron,' one of the most trustworthy of thu Kngllsli technical journals, the light of the sun ami moon has a very deleterious effect upon edge tools. Knives, drills, scythes nud sickles assume n blue color II they nro ex|K»ed for some time to the light and heat of the sun; the sharp edge disappears and Hie tool is rendered absolutely useless until It is re-teinpereil. A similarly prejudicial ulfeet has been exercised by moonlight. An ordinary saw is asserted tii have been put out of shape in a single night by exposure to the light uf the moon. Thin information wns given some linn! ngo, nnd non- n remnrkable discovery n- to the en'«cl of temperature on the density of nickel steel is likely to have an important licuring on its use in the construction of wnr vessels. After this variety of steel hns been fror.cn it it rendlly magnetised, moreover, IU density l« permanently reduced fully 2 per cent, by thu exposure to Hie cold. It is stated that a ship of-wur built In u temperate climate, uf ordinary steel, and clad with say ,'1000 tons ol nickel steel armour, would bo iWniyul by n visit to thu Arotlo regions, owing to the cuntrnotloii of steel by the extreme low temperature. Thu experiments made wen. with compound armour plntes fnceil with 2.'i per cent, nickel steel, and it remains to be seen whether a simllur or lessoned cirect would lie produced on steel containing from .'i to 7 pur cent, uf ulukul. 