A LAZY HOLIDAY ON THE RIVER. [I.— Bz Air Itinerant.] udr rmjLECT op our KivBR— attrac- tiveness of Distant Waters— An Arid Tiuct and a New Order of K-'iciiit- uood— The Railway Man as Tigkbt puncher — Morgan — The River Steamers— Their Whistles. 'ThbKiver' 13 the Murray. Captain Sturt discovered the Darling in 1828, and practically discovered the Murray in 1829. The great majority of South Australians nave hoc even you discovered cneir oiuy respectable watercourse, the Northern Territory being always most expressly excepted in this generalization. Statis tics concerning the Adelaide visi tore to the Murray would probably prove that our river has not been tra velled upon by moro than one or two per thousand of all the city folk who dwell within the sound of Mr. Cohen's voice in a no- confidence debate, and who endanger their sanity by trying to read the hour at night from a distance upon the spider webby-looking dial of the General Post Office clock. Yet the Murray is but a few miles off. You may reach it by spending only a little more money than it costs to go to the Theatre. In the proper season you may steam from Goolwa along tho Murray and the Darling about 2,500 miles into the heart of Eastern Australia, and enjoy jourself, repair your broken health, and all the time trouble your pocket less than if you merely devoted your holi day to an olfactory analysis of the varied aromas of Melbourne, or to an inspection of 'our beautiful harbour,' of which the Sydney people are so proud that they surely must have made it themselves ! If the Murray were a thousand miles away it would be the correct thing for Adelaide people to make excursions upon it. Dis tant waters are the finest. It is so much more romantic to read descriptions — made alluring by legends manufactured according to the demand — of the American Mississippi, than to get one's own descrip tions and invent one's own traditions upon the Australian Mississippi. Not withstanding, scenes like many of those described by Mark Twain inhis Mississippi books are being reproduced regularly within an easy railway journey of Ade laide — all except the mad steamer races, with a negro sitting upon the safety-valve of tho driving machinery. The Radical and I started in February upon a self-imposed mission to rediscover the River Murray on behalf of the people of South Australia and of her future de pendencies of New South Wales and Victoria. The journey to Morgan is 103 miles long, and very leisurely. If there should be more sterile-looking country than that between Eudunda and tho ter minus it had better be seen in pictures than in reality. Yet courageous Anglo Australians who are not mad 'take up' this country, endure its heat, its dust, its {lies, its waterlessness, and its depressing scenery, and some of them make money out of their enterprise. Not many of them perhaps— not more than tho pro piution who gain profits by buying .shares or tickets in Church bazaars— but still some. '\ crily they deserve their reward. Now that English potentates arc considering whether they should not strengthen the painter which moors the Austialian dingy to ' the wooden walls of old England' by inventing a new order of Australian honours, a suggestion by the Radical may be useful to Lord Salisbury when this article from the Beyixler is cabled to him in the ordinary course. The Radical proposes that the initials of the new knighthood should be K.C.M.S.S.B.C— Knight Commander of the Murray Scrub and Salt Bush country. ' Yet, mark my words,' the Radical continues, with his one remaining eye rolling in the surges of prediction, 'the day will come when these arid plains shall blossom like unto the dandelion in September: for assuredly the subterranean waters which flow uselessly to help the Murray to waste itself in the sea shall be brought to the surface by artesian wells ; from the river shall run huge aqueducts, and the thirsty laud from Morgan even to Kapunda shall be one vast smiling irri gated vineyard.' The hilarity of the Radical's prospective vineyard would probably be modified, when his vision was realized, by a pro gressive land tax devised in the interests of true Democracy, Sir ; but if people will be industrious, and make money, and put money into land, they must bo expected to paj for their blessed privilege. The most natural remarks elicited by the unattrac tive scenery of tho region at present are the sterterious snares which arise occa sionally from wearied travellers whose rest and whose breakfast have sutlered in the effort to catch the early morning train. One great advantage enjoyed by the Morgan Railway has not been sufficiently advertised ; it enables pas sengers to sleep without sleeping cars. At least, it would enable them to sleep if the officials on Lhe line were gi%ren some other antidote to injurious meditation than that of cutting up your ticket. 'The man who thinks is dangerous.1' There fore the South. Australian Railway regu lations seem to proscribe that whenever a guard or a ticket-taker on the train finds himself in jeopardy of thinking, with nothing else to do, he shall rush to the passengera, and, demanding their tickets, savagely bite pieces out of them with a sharp toothed pair of nippers. When you reach your destination the remains of your rail way ticket would look most like a bit of old-fashioned Gothic style stiff em broidery, if its gradually accumulated dirt and the embossed figures which some of the punches stamp upon it did not make it so much resemble a detached piece of papyrus, with hieroglyphics im printed thereupon. The Radical intends to propose that a Royal Commission should be appointed to ascertain what dire offence railway tickets have com mitted, or what awful wickedness they are likely to commit, sinco it is necessary to be continually punching them. As Boyal Commissions are now considered by outsiders to be a convenient means of adding to public patriots' in con, cs In some cases, the Radical's pro posal will probably be carried. The ex pense of a Commission, however, seems to me to be quite needless. It is clear that the railway officials are mercifully forced to punch tho tickets so as to exercise their muscles and distract their minds from brooding upon the scenery. It is a philanthropic idea, and one development only it lacketh ! Each pas sengershould be provided by the depart ment with a little tray in which to gather up and hold the shattered remains of his ticket after the officers have finished punching it. Travelling upon a hot summer's day, you arrive at Morgan in a partially molten state. The wonderful dry heat of the place — what a sanitorium for old world consumptives it might be made ! — soon hardens you again, and prepares you for future contingencies in a climate still more severo than this. Morgan is a town of unrealized expectations. It Started to grow big and then suddenly stopped, and the parts which did grow have begun to seem withered and old. The houses look out of their windows in a painfully surprised fashion— for houses liavo a distinct phy siognomy, and an interesting study rhac i.liy*iogiiomy is if you will only pursue 1 \- as though they were afflicted with ? pei petunl astonishment at the marvchous way in which South Australia has blun dered over the river trade, by making railways expressly designed to fight each other and to combine to kill the natural river port. A fellow-traveller assured mo confidentially that no other such specimen of Governmental fatuity had been known Binco the Deluge, ar.d as ho was onco -:nn- nected with an Upper House ha ought to be an authority upon antediluvian matters. The comment of another expert was that South Australia is at last awaking to an idea of the importance of the trade which the other colonies are stealing from her, only that her awaken ing is coming gradually like the arrival of the Millenium, when the battle flag shall be furled, &c.; For the rest of the quotation refer to almost any recent federation speech, peroration division. An antedeluvian illustration like that which has just been used harmonizes with your feelings when, having inspected the really capital hydraulic railway appliances at the wharfs and talked to the Scotch engineer — did you e?er know an engineer who was nob a Scot ? — you drop your portmanteau upon the deck of your river steamer. Like the camel—' the ship of the desert' — a river steamer ia not built for beauty, although it is as pleasant and as comfortable as any well-disposed tourist should require. 'Handsome is that handsome does.' The Radical says th.it our little steamer must be tho original Noah's Ark ; but having driven bullocks in the early days —he is not well up in the Scripture, elso he would have known that the original Noah's Ark did not contain a steam engine. He must, therefore, bo mis taken. Noah's general plan of architec ture, however, has been followed with variations by the builders of the usual type of light-draught river steamers, in spite of the fact that Noah had plenty of depth of water for his vessel. A rough nursery model of the craft may be easily made. Putupon a kitchen tray four upright stilts ; partly within and partly above those stilts fasten a large wooden match box, and atop of that fix a small match-box ; add a pair of paddle-boxes, and a funnel, and that will do for all practical purposes. The great idea is to get a broad beam upon your boat, so that you may float over shoals and snags, and moor to the bank in water shallow enough almost to ground a tub unless the tub's keel should trespass upon the mud. Yet, as we have already noticed, these river craft are wondrously cosy, and comfort able too, apart from their embarras sing tendency to levity. For they are always whistling. At sea, as we are told in realistic detail in every nautical novel, the furious wind whistles through tho rigging of tho doomed ships, &c.; As these vboats have no rigging for the wind to perform upon they must supply their own music, or else go without any, and the w.xy in which they moot the emergency is a convincing proof of marvellous adaptability. In fact, they have made their own whistle their speciality. In your contemplation of this fact you are almost ready to forget the other fact that the perpetual whistle will not permit j'ou to sleep any more than tho railway officials would do earlier in your journey. Now the steamer whistles as it starts, and again as it pulls up at a woodheap to replenish the fuel, for which it has a remarkable appetite, equalled only by that ot a small boy at a Sunday-school treat ; then it whistles as it approaches some other steamer ; presently it whistles when it runs into the soft bank to load a bale or two of merchandise, or to drop or to pick up a passenger. These may be called the regularly prescribed and authorized whistles, but the river steamer whistle pipes up besides on extra occasions. It varies the monotony of a longish stretch of journey, otherwise unbroken, by whistling as if though just to keep itself from feeling lonely and nervous ; if it touches a snag it whistles ; it whistles at one time because it does see or fancies that it sees something along the stream ; it whistles at another time because it does nol see something along the stream ; and it dissipates its remaining energy whilst an ounce of steam is left by whistling cheerily to its special old acquaintances amongst the chief land marks along the banks, or competing with the doleful night song of the curlew. Our Parliamentary Poet Laureate, Mr. Caldwell, once wrote a weird poem about a ghost that haunts the Murray banks, but ho omitted to state what fell disease had caused that ghost to walk and flit. I have pleasure in supplying the deficiency. The Coroner's verdict should have attri buted the death of the deceased to 'a perpetual attack of steamship whistle.' The screaming of the whistle, and the groaning and the hissing of the machinery make up a concert, and the thick clouds of black smoke, speckled by myriads of bright red sparks, shot fiercely out of the steamer's funnel,^ repre sent a scene, which may fairly have justified tho aboriginals' old theory that the Murray steamer was the white man's devil just as gold was the white man's god. Some nervous women are in pain ful trepidation all the time they are on board the boats, but there is no real occa sion for fear. If anything particular Bhould happen to the craft you may almost walk ashore in some parts of the river at summer time, and all you have to do is to arrange- that your accidents shall occur at those particular places. Nervous women do not, however, think of that or appreciate it. Perhaps they remember the anecdote of the thankless man who reached the bank of another river as the only survivor after a steam boat explosion. ' What a lucky escape you have had, somebody said effusively. 'Lucky!' be answered with a frown, 'Why, my boots are wet through, and look at this confounded mud on my trousers.' We hf.d a nervous woman on board, and she hud a husband who ought to bo able to find profitable occupation as a portable antidote to hysteria. On the last night of our travels sho declared, excitedly — 'Really, now, I feel that t cannot — dare not— go to bed until this steamer is moored to the bank. She groans so and shakes so that I'm terribly afraid she'll capsize, or stick in the mud, or— or go to pieces !' ' Oh, you'd better go to bed,' growled the practical husband ; ' there's no clanger of what you talk about happen ing. The only thing that you have to fear is that the hiler 'U butt.' The poor woman went oft' in despair to her cabin. Frequently the steamers do run upon snags, and some of them have been snagged in earnest and sunk to the bottom. Ac this time of year the particular amusement for passengers is to see the vessels go aground, and to watch the arduous efforts of the whole ship's company to get them off by fastening ropes to this tree, that tree, or the other tree, and by hauling upon those ropes until the shaky craft creaks and groans again and again. The watchword then is, 'Look out for the ropes.' The strain is at times so intense that the hemp snaps like thread, and the flying ends are dangerous. A while ago a. knock about hand, working his passage upon one of the boats, incautiously got his leg entangled in a hauling rope. Tightening suddenly the line cut his foot clean off, and he, dropping overboard, was drowned. 