FOUND GUILTY,i OR Ralph Chandos' Fate. A Stirring Tale of the Early Days of Botany Bay. FOUNDED ox FACT. CHAPTER II. t WITNESS. The night fell in strange, pale gloom upon Strathmore Park. The snow fell silently and steadily in a white sheet, driving into corners and against palings, and covering the earth with a ghostly shroud. Directly after dinner Ralph Chandos mounted his horse and rode over to Pelham World to- see his betrothed and to exchange with her vows of eternal fidel;ty. The intervew between the lovers had been cut short by Mr Pelham, who, well as he like] the young man, considered him, with his present prospects, not altogether an eligible suitor for the beautiful young heiress. The banker proposed an abso Inte dissolution of the engagement exist in between the young pair, on the ground that Lord Strathmore might live 20 years yet, and that he. Mr Pelham. would not give his d.aughter to any man who must live upon her money. 31s Pelham.n retired to her room, pro mising to wait for her lover a lifetime, if need be, and he. setting his lips together in a stern self-repression, departed, galloping his horse back to the Park. Those who saw him enter the great ball of his ancestral home on his return, his coat white with snow, his young face pallid. despairing, desperate, his steel blue eyes burning like coals, shook their heads gravely, and wondered what had happened to their beloved young master. He dashed up the stairs like a whirl wind, passing Norman Brabazon on one of the broad landings without speaking, and rushed into his own chamber, slam ming the door behind him. Brabazon smiled erilly, and continued his descent. A few paces below he came upon Morse, one of the footmen, who was staring in the direction in which young Chandos had vanished, surprise depicted upon his every feature. Brabazon shrugged his shoulders. -" There's some trouble afloat," he re marked, smoothly. "Mr Ralph is in a perfect gale of temper. He looked as if he were bent on some desperate deed." " He do indeed, sir," replied Morse. "I never saw the young master look like that before. He is in some trouble sure." Brabazon passed on, and Morse gossiped with his fellows, all of whom by this time were well aware that " Mr Ralph" was to leave Strathmore in the morning, that he had fallen into some disgrace with his uncle, and that his marriage with Miss Pelham had been broken off. A word or two from Brabazon at an earlier hour of the evening had caused a dissemination of a knowledge of the true state of affairs between Lord Strathmore and his heir. As Ralph Chandos, who was as brave as a lion and generous as the sun, was a great favorite in the household, a general sympathy prevailed on his behalf. Brabazon spent the evening with the baron in the library. At 10 o'clock he gave his arm to his lordship and helped him upstairs to his own apartment, ex hibiting a solicitude that imposed upon the servants and upon its object. He helped his uncle into his bedroom, a great lofty room furnmished with the utmost luxury, and ensconced him in an armchair before the bright hearth. Lord Strathmore's valet was in wait ing, and Brabazon did not linger. He made, however, a brief allusion to Chandos, and the baron replied to it by cursing his younger nephew, and swear ing a great oath that Chandos should be cast forth in the morning, and if his allowance did not content him he should earn his own living. The valet pricked up his ears at this, and Brabazon muttered something about the young man being in a desperate mood, and then withdrew. Lord Strathmore was undressed and put to bed. During the process he ventilated his grief to his attendant, and indulged in invectives against "that murderous young dog," declaring that he should not feel safe till he was out of the house. At eleven o'clock, the baron was asleep, and the valet, his duties for the night over, departed to his own quarters in a distant portion of the mansion. The great stable clock had struck the hour of one. The snow was still falling softly, ceaselessly. and in a white pall. The pale gloom outside was full of chill and desolation. Within the splendid mansion the lights were nearly all ex tingun:shed. The hush and gloom were oppressive. Soon after the sullen clanging of the clock, with its single booming stroke, ,orman Brabazon crept from his room. A light burned dimly in the lower hall, and in its feeble emanation one might have seen how ghastly pale he was. His small black eyes gleamed'with a mur derous light. His lips were set together in a tense, hard line. He was nerved to art appalling deed, and looked like in -arnate murder. He crept through the dlmne9 sand stillness of the long hall with the stealthiness of a cat. He had removed his shoes, and his feet were muffled in thlick stockings. His garments were black. He paused at the door of Lord Chandos's room and listened. The sound of regular breathing came to his ears. He opened the door softly and looked in. The young man was in bed and asleep. His portmanteau stood near the door, packed for his departure in the morning, as could be seen by the pale glow of the firelight. Brabazon's features quivered with demonie exultation and hatred. He crept nearer the bed and glowered upon his young rival. How noble and hand some was Chandos even in sleep! Brabazon shook his fist at him in a deadly, silent fury, and crept away as he had come. aith a cat-like stealth. ' Again in the great, dim, upper hall, he moved onward like a shadow .to Lord Strathmore's room. He Ppised at its door and peered around ,,hia'.:No one ,was .isible anywihre ia $the'obm. He .. . .. .. s-··- :,v - opened the door of his uncle's chamber and crept within. The sea-coal fire was still burning, and its glow made visible the various articles of furniture, including the bed. Braoazon's keen eye swept the chamber. Keen as it was, it failed to note the quiver of the plate-glass window forming the door of an armoire or wardrobe in a recess near at hand. The valet was gone. All was safe. He stole to the bedside. The old lord was sleeping. A ray of firelight rendered plainly visible his shape, high features, grey hair, his bared and skinny throat. It was a noble face that of th3 Baron of Strathmore, but even in his sleep one could trace upon his visage signs of the ruling passions of his life-parsimony, selfishness, and cruelty. The Lord of Strathmore had albays disliked Chandos, principally because Chandos must inherit the title and estates of Strathmore after him. The young man was generous, and lie esteemed generosity a heinous fault. The young man was loved by household and tenantry, and he knew himself dis liked, and this embittered him. There was a dozen reasons equally unreason able why he hated his younger nephew ; but Brabazon was a man after his own heart, and as much as his warped and selfish soul could love any one, lie loved Norman Brabazon. It had always been a matter of regret to him that Brabazon could not have come next in succession. His elder nephew had many of his faults, and these lie estemed virtues. He had always been kind to Brabazon, had given him an annual allowance of money double that assigned his heir apparent, had pushed his fortunes with zeal, and had assisted him to become what he now was, a brilliant if un scrupulous politician, and a candidate for a most imnportant foreign appoint ment. One would have thought that Brabazon could not in cold blood destroy a life which had so benefitted him-that he could not have stilled for ever a heart that had cherished for him an actual, even if narrow, affection. But the tiger creeping on its prey from the shelter of the jungle might have had more compunction of conscience than Norman Brabazon. The deadly cobra, with its glittering eye fixed upon a coveted mqrsel, might sooner have felt itself relenting in its purpose than this human serpent ! He bent over his sleeping relative, and every plausible feature of his swarthy face stifened and hardened into the semblance of a mast. The baron moved uneasily in his sleep under that basilisk gaze. The intruder waited in the shelter of the bed-drapery, patient as a red Indian, until his loud breathing was resumed. Then Brabazon drew from within his coat a dirk knife, a possession of Ralph Chandos, which had been given the latter by a chum at Oxford, and which he had preserved in his writing desk as a memorial. The knife flashed in the firelight as he upraised it. Again the plate-glass mirror forming the door of the armoir quivered, and a pair of eyes stared out.upon the strange scene. There was a moment's pause on the part of Brabazon, a last look at the hard features of his kinsman, a brief study of the baron's figure, and then the deadly knife flashed in the air, and was driven swiftly home to the very hilt into Lord Strathmore's heart: Not a sigh, not a quiver disturbed the baron's frame. As Brabazon drew forth the knife, the life-blood welled up in a great jet, staining his guilty hand and the sleeve of his shirt-a garment he had taken from the wardrobe of Chandos at an earlier period of the evening. Lord Strathmore was dead, yet his murderer stabbed him again and again to make assurance doubly sure. And the eyes of the unseen witness lost not one movement of the murderer. "' He's dead," muttered Brabazon at last, with a long breath. upraising his head and listening. "Not an outcry ! Not a sound ! Everyone is asleep !" Hiding the blood-reeking weapon in the folds of his shirt, he crept across the floor, opened the door, listened, and stole into the hall.. He paused at the very threshold of Lord Strathmore's room, his blood seeming to turn into ice in his veins. F,r, coming up the stair without a light, but plainly recognisable in the dimness by reason of his ample prpor tions, was Miller, the butler. He paused on the topmost stair, see ing Bra azon at Lord Strathmore's door. The villain remained for an instant, stupefied; then his ready wit came to his aid. He glided along the hall with out a word, opened the door of Chandos's apartment, passed within, and shot the bolt into the lock. The ruse served its purpose. " So it was Mr Ralph !" muttered the butler. "VWhat was he doing at this hour in my lord's chamber . He acted strange. too, as if something was wrong !" He hesitated, not knowing whether it might not be his duty to look into the baron's room, but a remembrance of his lordship's temper, and a reflection that MIr Ralph might have visited his uncle with a vi;e to reconciliation and re mined late, decided him to mind his own business, which he did, going to his own quarters. Meanwhile Brabazon proceeded to weave still closer the deadly net of evi dence about his younger cousin-the net ofl which he intended should drag him to his doom ! The fire was low in the grate. Chandos was fast asleep, his sorrows forgotten in the profound slumber that comes to the young and healthy. The intrader's movements . were noiseless. Taking the reeking dagger from its concealment on his, person, he thrust it up the warm chimney into a crenice between two bricks, its handle alone protruding, and that quite out of reach of even keen search. Then he removed his blood-stained shirt and laid it on the fire. It flamed up in a quick blaze. Watching it closely,. with a dexterous movement he extracted from the flames one blood-stained enuff, dropping it into the ashes under the grate. Then he glided into the dressing - room and washed.· is hands in a basin of water upon the toilet-table, smiling with a demoniac triumph as he did so. He had been so noiseless that the sleeper had not stirred. His evil work was done. All that remained was to get to his own room unseen. He unlocked the door and peered into the hall. The butler had vanished. Brahbazon stole along the hall, gained his own door. and entered his apartment. His first care was to light the candle he had extinguished and to examine his remainiag garment and his person. Not a drop of blood was visible upon him. Not a sign or token of his awful crime was anywhere to be seen. His lips writhed into a wicked and euiltant smile, and lie dropped into an easy chair before his bright hearth, and rubbed his guilty hands together in the warm blaze. He had achieved his guilty success. All that he had longed for and striven to attain was almost in his grasp. He suddenly remembered that he had forgotten to lock his door and to ex tinguish his lights. He arose, blew out the 2andles and advanced towards the door. At the same moment it opened, softly and noiselessly, and a man crept into his presence. Brabazon stared at him as if he had been a gorgon, and looked as if turned to stone. The villian's sickly pallor, his starting eyes, his wild visage, attested his horror and terror. The man was no servant of the house. Brabazon reeled back against a table as lie recognised him. He was Thomas Crowl, the son of the -former pedagogue of the village, a mari naturally shrewd and keen-witted, who had received an ordinary education, but who had in his boyhood thrown off the shackles of parental control, and indulged in dissi pation and idleness. For the last year or two Crawl had been in London living by his wits, but had recently returned home upon a visit to his aged father. He had a bold, bad, reckless face, but no one had ever suspected him of readi ness to commit a crime. What had brought him here within the walls of Strathmore mansion at this hour? Brabazon tried to ask the question, but his stiff lips refused to articulate. Thomas Growl sidled up to him, and laid one hand upon his arm. " I saw it all !" he hissed. Brabazon put his hand to his heart and dropped into the nearest chair. " I was hid in the old man's ward robe," said Growl. "I was a witness of the murder !" Brabazon sprang up as if electrified, and made for the bell-rope, with a wild idea of denouncing his visitor as the murderer, thus sacrificing his nefarious schemes, but protecting himself. Again Growl laid a fierce grip upon him, reading his purpose. " Hold !" he whispered, hotly. " Two can play at that game. Don't be too fast. I can be bought !" Brabazon faced about, beginning to recover from his awful terror. "What were you doing in the ward robe ?" he asked, huskily. "I don't mind telling you, since you won't be likely to betray me," returned Crowl. " I was hard up, and I'm thinking of marrying. I know ,hat everybody knows. Lord Strathmore is miserly and keeps money in the house. I crept in at dusk and found my way to his room and hid there for hours, think ing I'd creep out in the dead of night and rob his safe, that everybody knows he keeps in his bedroom. I was hid there all the evening. After my lord went to sleep he seemed restless for a while and I kept mum. When he had fallen into a sound sleep I crept out and began an examination of his room and effects. I was at that when I thought I heard a sound in the hall. I had only time to slip into the wardrobe when you came in." " So you were there for purposes of robbery ?" said Brabazon, with a sneer. "And you were there for murder!" replied Growl, coolly. "I left my pur pose unaccomplished, fearing any plun der I might get would hang me. You must make up my loss. I can't see all your little game, Mr Brabazon, but you expect to make money out of this night's work, and you shall share it with me !" "I will-I will !" " That's enough. Pou won't break your promise, I'll go bail. I'll remind you of it later. As you are to be my banker hereafter, you may give me twenty pounds to- nigh " Brabazon procured his pocket-book and counted out the amount named, Iris hands shaking as he did so. " Give me tile pocket-book and all. We won't stick at trifles. I'll get oat the same way as I came in." laid Growl, pocketing the money, " and not leave a trace of my presence, you may be sure. Yon'd better get to bed, my friend, if von intend to show up natural in tile morning !" He did not linger for further con versation, having a proper regard for his own safety. He slipped from the room, traversed tihe great hall like a ghost, and entered a guest-chaml'er which opened upon a balcony. Ue let himself out upon this balcony, closed his way of egress, and clambered to the ground by means of the great ivy that nearly covered that side of the build ing. He stood in the midst of tihe thickly falling sno0, brfeatllhless, when a hand was laid suddenly upon his arm, and a figure was outlined close beside him in the pale gloom. A woman's low, mocking laugh re stored him to his senses. " Is it you, Mfeg ?" he asked, agrily. • It is I, Thomas Growl," was the answer. "I saw you enter this house like a thief honrs ago, and I've been watching for yo ever since You look scared, Tom just as if you had been committing murder! You've been up to some mischief, that I know !" "'St!" whispered Growl. "Come away, Meg." He seized her arm and hurried her away into the whirling mist of snow that blotted out their tracks even as they went. In his lonely, luxurious chamber of the grand old mansion, the master of Strathmore Park lay stark and ghastly, his pinched face upturned to the pale firelight, his heart stilled forever ! Out into the wild; white night his soul had flown at the wicked will of a murderer, but ',is body lay here, a silent horror, rigid and white as the falling snow. In his own bed, asleep in the pro found slumber of youth and health, was Ralph Chandos, in blest nnconscioes ness of the awful fate lowering darkly above him. And in his apartment, in his bed also, Norman Brabazon lay broad awake, meditating upon the peculiar contretemps that had marred 'the full perfection of his plans, yet exulting in the net lie had so skilfully woven. f" t is all right," he muttered. " rowl would never dare betray his presence in this house to-night, and so disgrace his father and stamp himself as a common burglar and robber. He would not dare, for I would fix the crime on him. But money has bought him, body and soul ! Sleep, Ralph Chandos ! For this is your last night of peace and hope on earth ! To-morrow will see you in a felon's cell, abandoned by all whom you have called friends, stripped of position, honor, love ! And I-I shall be Baron Strathmore !" 