A NATIONALIST TRIUMPH. BEFORE proceeding to comment upon the triumphant issue of the electoral struggle in Cork, which has resulted in the return of the Nationalist candidate by a majority greater than the combined vote of Mr. Redmond and Captain Sarsfiold, a word of thanks is due (says the Dublin Freeman) to the .patriotic members of the Irish party who did so much to secure the glorious victory. Messrs. Dillon and O'Brien, aided by the able advocacy of the two organs of national opinion in the South, conducted a magnificent campaign in the face of organised intimidation and mob violence, which threatened to turn the city of Cork into a pandemonium. It would be unjust to attach general blame to the citizens of Cork. They cannot be held responsible for the violence offered to National representatives by tho rowdy element, which exists in Cork as it exists in all large centres of population. It is now quite plain that Mr. Redmond enlisted upon his Bide the very lowest elements in Cork—men to whom the shillelagh is a more familiar weapon than the ballot paper. The more the figures are examined the more apparent it becomes that his big meetings, processions, and demonstrations had no pretensions whatsoever to represent the intelligent and rating section of the community. Captain Sarsfield recorded only 1161 votes. It is notorious that the late revision in the City'pf Cork resuited in the increase of the voting strength of the Tory party in the Southern capital. At the last con. tested election 1450 votes were cast on behalt oE the Unionist candidate. What became of the balance of the 300 votes, and what became of the increase ? Were •we inclined to make a point against the policy of the Government, much might be made out of the figures;- ' "'TKe 'dfei' « l8l « D V 8aid th e of last Thursday, "of the heads ofjthe.Loyalistrpartyin Munster to < £or«». ; mlfo those of,the'hypl^imart^^^ ance' of Qtdy^^iuttjdt^ 'of .theTJ^Mi League haB everywMre J reoeived,$eaity approbation; ' Thfe^ atrenpi^bf -m Untonistipakty; notin Oork# j pniy^^jbut JitiHCftftghoMl t)\n ; lthree;;«ther provinces of Ireland, Will be gauged bj the extent of the support accordcd to Captain Sarsfield. If-the prosperous and intelligent citizens who constitute the forces of Unionism in the Southern capital show themselves in. different or faint-hearted in a struggle where so much is at stake, where their enemies are divided, and they themselves are headed by a capable and a plucky leader, they will inflict a lasting and a grievous injury on the cause they profess to hold so dear." Well, now, what has been the result of the valiant effort of the capable and plucky leader to measure forces with those of the rival claimants to the inheritance of the principles of the Land League? If the figures are taken as representing the strength of the Unionist party, not only in Cork or in Munster, but throughout the three other provinces of Ireland, the Times will find it difficult to deal with the result, which, upon the basis chosen by our London contemporary, proves that since Mr. Balfour assumed the reins of government the effective voting strength of the Unionist party throughout Ireland has dehave no creased by one-third. We desire to prass the point, for, „„ as far as the city of Cork is concerned, we believe the facts are really otherwise. Not only is it said that the Tories held their own in the Southern capital, but it is notorious that their voting strength increased from one cause and another during recent years. What then, we ask, became of the increase, and what became of the difference between the , actual poll on Friday and the vote cast for the Tory candidate in 1885 ? Our local reports go to show that the Tory vote was exhaustive. In 1885, as we have said, the number of votes given to the Tory was 1450. If we take the increase as representing another 500 the vote would stand at 2000. Yet Captain Sarsfield only polled 1161 votes on Friday. Will Mr. Eedmond kindly inform us what became of the difference p We think we can tell him. Mr. Eedmond polled altogether 2157 votes, or 1512 less than the figure reached by Mr. Flavin. Of the 2157 votes accorded to Mr. Eedmond we are convinced that fully 800 were given by the Unionist party, some of the more astute members of which preferred to give their votes to perpetuate faction in the National n- ranks rather than to a man who never had the ghost of a chance of being returned. How will that look for Mr. Eedmond e and his party? Nationalist votes—Flavin, 3669; Eedmond, 1357; majority for Mr. Flavin, 2312. The only other manner in which the figures can be regarded is one not evidently contemplated by the Times on last Thursday as possible to arise. Either the strength of the Unionist party in Cork has decreased or it has increased. If it has decreased, what about the success of Mr. Balfour's government? If it has increased, then Mr. Eedmond's votes must have included at least a thousand Tory votes. That is a nice problem for the iVaily Express and the Times to solve. Will they admit that the Unionist sentiment is on the wane in Ireland, which would be chivalrous on their part, or will they betray Mr. Eedmond, who is their faithful ally, ,by claiming 50 per cent, of his votes P However the matter is dealt with, it is awkwardvery awkward. Nationalists can afford to await explanations with amused in- difference, for the entire combined vote of the Tories and Eedmondites would still have left Mr. Flavin at the head of the poll by a substantial: majority,: 1 Ah! we heard from Mr. Eedmond that he -, would win—that "the true men of Cork," the Independent Irish Nationalists, would rally round his standard. We were told the same thing by the late Mr. Parnell before the Kil - kenny election, and before the Sligo election, and when Mr. Andrew Kettle, , made his bow to the electors of Carlosv, Have not the people of Ireland spoken? Did: they not speak it Kilkenny twice, at Carlow, and Sligo, and now has noi Cork, i tones of thunder, given its verdict itt favour of National unity? Is. the struggle to be continued, and «e, the • wishes ef the people to be ignored and defied by. an insignificant but noisy inority ? We put it to the reasonable nd - moderate men throughout the ' country and in the city of Dublin if Mr."-- ! edmond, who was undoubtedly» «ironfc ov pandidate, was .unable to win in Mri Par-DM i nell s old constituency, whfsre.m^U ^ and can a Parnellite fiud a seat and how • is it possible to condiic't tMftuti®" ! ovement; without Partifo&fittty; deal? O P t hasiigivea^the 'cb^.m^. ™?' - iHM pwtyis^ doomed and brik-i m are bitterness, strife, and turmoil. 