Steamer with Camels Aboard. The S.S. Argus, 1,822 tons register, Captain E. Johnson, arrived at Port Augusta on Wednesday morning at 7.30, from India, with a consignment of camels for Mr D Lindsay, of Adelaide. At about 9 o'clock a start waB made to unload the somewhat unique cargo, and by 2 o'clock the last head had been landed. Three only were found to be unfit to travel, two of which had to be transported to the camp in a dray, the other giving up the ghost almost as soon as placed on the wharf. This latter was barely put ashore in time to shift the responsibility of decease on to the shoulders of the consignee. A slight hitch occurred during the disembarkation which resulted in one of the ungainly creatures falling overboard into the water. Mr Francis Antoney, with commendable promptitude, sprang to the rescue, and amidst a babel of orders shouted in half a dozen Eastern languages, managed to secure a line to the immersed one and tow it to a suitable landing place. Three Stock Inspectors were present during the proceedings and reported the animals free from disease The mob has since been driven to the proper quarantine ground where the nsual detention will take place in accordance with existing stock regulations. The chief officer of the Argus reports :—" Left Calcutta, September 28th, with a full general cargo for Australian Ports, and a deck load of 132 camels for Port Augusta. Cleared Sand Heads, September 29th, and experienced strong southerly winds and beam sea crossing the Bay of Bengal; had fine weather in the Straits, and arrived at Singapore on 6th inst. After coaling, the steamer cleared again on 7th inst, and proceeded through the Straits with fresh southerly wiuds and fine weather, and passed Java Head on the 9th. From thence to Cape Leeuwin steamed against a succession of strong south and south-east gales and heavy head sea. Bounded Cape Leeuwin on the 19th with similar weather and experienced same np to arrival." Passengers for Melbourne—Messrs W. Beaglehole and J. C. Green; Sydney—Mr and Mis Grayer, and six natives on deck. 