Fun and Fancy. A serious caso—A doctor without one. Of what ought a kite to ho made ?—Of fly paper. . . What kind of ships are.moat like soissors f —Cutters. ' A song heard near a ljivo: " Bee it ever ss hunible, thoro'e no place like oomb." When a man drinkBllike a fish it doesn't follow that he is in the swim. The potato is said to 'be deteriorating, bnt it made many a mash in its better dayB. Visitor: " Do you love the piano ?" Lady: "No j I prefer death byeleotrioity." " Oh, you have the paper; please look and sco if anyone we know—has been born." Science and art have advanced bo fast that a much larger diamond can now be bought for a dollar and a half than for "$160. Sniggles: " Well, my ihotto is, ' Live and let live.'" ' Gassum: "Is it? I thought you intended to be a doctor." " What's the extreme penalty for bigamy?" asked a man of an old judge, who answered: ".Two mothers-in-law." Young man: " Will you give assent to my marriage with your daughter, sir?" Old man (firmly): " No, sir, not a cent." Tho Misogynist: " Yes, sir, it is woman's mission in life to make-fools of men.". The Philosopher: " What a sinecure she enjoys, bless her." ;. - Wife: " Oh, doctor, Benjamin seems to be wandering'in his mind!" Doctor: (who. knows Benjamin)-/' " Don't trouble -about that; he can't go-fa*.* 1 ' A crotchctty London journal asks " if it is the pink faces of American girls that charm so many foreign admirers ?" No I It's the girls' greenbacks. Mistress : " Did you put the coal on the stove, Bridget ?" New importation: " I did, mum, but it will be some time before it gits hot, fur the fire's out." Mistress : " Norah, you must always sweep behind the doors." . New Servant: " Yes'm, I always docs. It's the asiest way of getting llic durrit out of sight." He presented a lace collar to the object of his adoration, and in a jocular way said: " Do not let any one else rumple it, darling." " No, dear, I will take it off." Kobinson: " How about that note I hold of yours, Brown ? I've had it so long that whiskers are beginning to grow on it." Brown: " Why don't you get it shaved then ?" A little girl, who was'entertaining guests, was advised as to thgir -atauscments. Drawing herself up, she replied, superbly: " My dear, I have played Willi! children all my life!" •••>™ Julia (aged'six): "We've got a new baby at our house." Clara (agjd six): " What is it—a boy or a girl ?" Juha: " Oh, we don't know yet, we've only had it two days." "What a bold thing tliat Miss Plilurt is 1" " I should say so! she actually spoke to a perfect stranger on the beach today just as I had got him to notice ine." Judge (to police officer): " Are you sure, sir, that the prisoner was drunk ?" Officer: " Is it drunk, yer Honor ? Shure, if he had shpoke through the tilliphone the breath ur him wpd have made the poles shtagger." Wibble: " I wonder why ministers always wear longtailed coals ?" Wabble: " If you were a country parson with £150 a year salary and a large family, you wouldn't ask such a foolish question as that." Bridget: " Shall I lave the hall lamp bumin', ma'am ?" Mistress: " No. I am pretty sure Mr. Jones won't be home until daylight. He kissed me three times before he left, and gave me £2 for a new winter bonnet." It is said that micc are just as much afraid of women as women are of mice; but as their screaming apparatus is not constructed on the same principle, they are restrained- .A man passing through a gateway in the dark xanragainst a post.[.. "J wifeh that -post was in the lower regions,", was his angry remark. "" Better wish it somewhere else," said a'bystander, "you might run against it again." Poet's son : " Father, what does * handicapped' mean ?" Poet: " It means—ahem 1 —in what connection did you hear it used, my son ?" Poet's Son: In connection with you. Mr. Brownson said you'd never achieve any lasting fame as a poet, because you were handicapped by nature." Maiden aunt: " You display a great deal of agility at tennis, my dear. If I had taken such exercise when I was young, I should be a happier woman now." . Athletic Ncice: "You flatter me, aunt, but'Isuppose you are right; I had two proposals on the grounds yesterday and one to-day." AN INTELLIGENT JUUYMAN—" Have you read anything about this case in the papers V" asked a lawyer of a juror in an exciting criminal case. "No. sir, not,a:word."" "Not a word, and the papers have.been full of it!" " No sir, I don't read papers, nor any thing else, for I can't read at alL" The juror was sworn. . . First Doctor: "Youhave-'teen spreading the report that I-h'ave poisoned several people in this town. I want y$B J to apologise." Second Doctor: " Certainly?- II don't hesitate to say that there are several people in this town whom you liave- riot yet .poisoned. Hope you are satisfied now."' Affable Clerk: " Can I be mistaken ? Isn't this the Mrs. Crozier whom I met so pleasanilv at Fife Island this summer?" His Customer: "Why, yes, I am Mrs. Crozier, and I remember your face, but I thought you told me you syere engaged in religious pursuits?" Affable clerk: "This is the nun's veiling department, madam." Young Lady (entering book store): "I want a new novel—one of the latest out—but I have forgotten its title." - Hero's a 'Midnight Marriage'—just published, and it is having a large sale." " Was it written by a woman ?" " Yes'm." " Have the newspapers denounced it as not fit for a young lady to read ?" " Yes'm." " Then it is just the one I' want." Einstein (to his partner): " Isaacs, you vas oud late lasd nighd, I zee. Dot. must stop, Isaacs; no more j&rinkin; 1 dis montV. You hear, me; Isaacs ?". ~ Isaacs: " jMpn'd, drink in "pees'iness hours" . TSinstein: M1 Dot make'no differ. •You tl firink ad'nighd, and* effery'morning'your hahds tumble so yoii' gan't show a customer any • of • dose * sheap pants mitoud sbakin' de buttons off." - A pianist recently spent the evening at the house of a lady. The company was agree-, able, and he stayed somewhat late. As he rose to take his departure, the : la'dy said, " Pray, don't go yet, Mr. Jones, I want you to play something for me." ,„" Oh, you must excuse mo to-night, it is very late, and I should disturb tho neighbors." "Never mind the neighbors," answered the young lady quickly, " they poisoned pur dog yesterday!" • i Miss Arabella Lieyier: "I do not mind your poverty, George. Until your fortunes mend, I could be happy in your wealth of affection, and some vine-clad cot " Mr. Wardoff: " Pardon me, dear, you know I am only a poor clerk, and cottages are out of the question. Could you be happy in . a third floor back furnished room. jyith a sewing machine biizsing overhead, rand some fiend below cooking cabbage?" .SCss Arabella: " Maybe, George, dear, we'd fetter wait after all." . • . • . . . Wife (11.30 p.m.)': '.' What's that horrible odour? "' Smells like al&hoj;,". 1 ;. Husbands, n Yes, my dear, we use alcohol'at the lodge for initiations. ^ Take some alcohol, light it, put aome salt in the "flame, and it gives a ghastly yellow light—makes, (oiks look like ghosts, you know." '" Wife'l "But-that odour comes from your breath." . Husband : " Yes, my dear—in the thirty- seventh degree I personate the chief demon with the flames coming from his mouth. I take a mouthful of alcohol and a swallow of salt, and then set fire to it. But, m'dear, you mustn't tell •these things. Secret s'cieity. ' Secrets very sacred, ygu know." 