'ISSUES OF THE DAY.' [From the American Agriculturist.] The extent of our wonderful oropa is being exaggerated, and the disaster which has be fallen the crops of Europe belittled systemati cally by designing men. ineir purpose is to hasten the market of our gram so that the banl'er, transporter, warehouseman, broker, insurer, and commission merchant may secure their Jtolls at the earliest possible day regard less of the producer. All these parties seem a thousand times more solicitous that the erain should be hurried to the market at a price that will benefit the European and mid dleman rather than the American fanner. In their present campaign for this purpose they appear to have the help of leading political and trade journals. Their efforts are also effec tually aided by the pressing necessities of the cultivators, who are forced to throw their grain upon the market, thereby producing a plethoric state, of which these 'bears' are only too ready to take advantage. Hence the present and pressing necessity, that the fanner and dealer in real products, as distin guished from the shortseller, should have the latest available information as to supplies and . the prospective demand. The shortseller neither needs, nor does he desire, the truth, regarding the supplies or demand. THP SHORTAGE IN GREAT BRITAIN. The British Isles have been and still remain the greatest importers of breadstuffs. During tho last four years their wheab and rye crops have averaged about 80,000,000 bushels,. the imports about 152,000,000 bushels, and- the total average annual supply of the two bread making grains 232,000,000 buBhels. The crop now being harvested has been subjected: re cently to all the unfavourable meteorological conditions possible. Fields that but a few weeks since promised above an average out turn are now so beset with mildew, and other forms of blight that in many instances they will barely pay the cost of harvesting. Ho great has been this deterioration that the aggregate outturn is not likely to exceed 64,000,000 bushels of wheat, and may fall as low as 00,000,000 bushels. In Ireland, where, however, but little wheat is grown, the Freemarts Journal of recent date reports the destruction of the crops to be so complete in some districts that the product will be fit only for litter, while the prospects are nob much bettor in parts of Wales and- Scotland. With an out-turn of but 64,000,000 bushels, the stocks of old wheat in producers' hands 3,000,000 to 5,000,000 bushels below the average of recent years, the annual additions to the population augmenting the requirements by 2,000,000 bushels yearly, and 'Dornbusch,' reporting tbe stocks in British ports late in August as 4,300, 000, bushels Ies3 than a year ago, it would appear that the United Kingdom would this year require imports of about 177,000,000 bushels to furnish tlie needed sup plies. It is safe to say that an importation of 167,000,OCO bushels, as indicated in a recent oablegram from the Liverpool Corn Trade News, is inevitable, and one ten millions greater by no means improbable. If the con dition of the potato crop is as bad as some of the more recent advices indicate, very material additions must be made to the estimate of the Ncics. There remains hardly a doubt that the potato crop of Ireland is poor, and there are not lacking indications thab it will be a lamentable failure, with the possibility of a recurrence of the scenes of 1846. A HEAVY DEFICIT IN FRANCE. The thirty-eight millions of French people annually consume, for bread, seed, and in the arts, about 416,000,000 bujhela of wheat and rye (including a mixture of the two known as niaslin). This is at a rate of nearly 11 bushels per capita, the rate for the eighth decade having been 10.97 bushels per capita. Both the wheat and rye crops of France were sub jected to the rigours of tbe severest winter known since the Becond decade. The plant was destroyed .upon more than threo million acres than have been resown to crop3 other than wheab and rye. Such spring wheab as was sown has made but an ineffectual effort to contend against unfavourable climatic condi tions. The wheat and rye area harvested in France is 20 per cent, below the average of recent years. The yield of th« area harvested does nob exceed 70 per oent. of an average, indicating an aggregate outturn of wheat and rye (including mixtures of the grains) of 274,000,000 bushels. Such a result renders it necessary to either import 142,000,000 bushels or find some substitute therefore, if the U3ual volume of breadstuffs is to be consumed. Owing to th ?? destruction of the wheat and rye upon so large a part of the area, an unusual breadth was sown to barley and oats, and the yield being apparently good unusual quantities of these grains may be uEed for fooa. The maize crop of Southern France is reported _ below the average, and therefore such substitution may no mow than make good the deficient maize. A recent issue of the Le Mcrcurialc des Bailee ct Marches places the outturn of wheat in France at 188,000,000 bushels, or 150,000,000 below the crop of 1890, when the imports for the eleven months ending with June exceeded 37,000,000 bushels, and were at the rate of 41,000,000 per annum. The aggregate supply of wheat for the year appears to have been some 379,000,000 bushels, to which should be added about 75,000,000 bushels of rye and maslin, making tho entire 'apparent supply last year, 450,000,000. Of this, however, about 9,000,000 was used in re3eeding the devastated fields, some 20,000,000 bushels in replenish :ag tho military reserves of the for tified tow: !, and no doubt another 9,000,000 bushels have been consumed while waiting for the produce of a very late and wet harvest to become fit for milling (and this same condition exists in Britain and all over Western Europe) ; hence the immense quantity of wheat shipped from India and America in recent months naB gone into consumption, and stocks in England are at a low ebb, and those upon the Continent by no means burthensome. THE GERMAN PBOBPECT. After Britain and France Germany will be the greatest importer during the coming har vest year. Here tbe conditions are even worse than in France. The orops have not suffered greater destruction ; but there is greater poverty in the industrial classes, and the more complete exhaustion of all re serves. A condition of distress very nearly approaching famine has existed over wide German areas since early in June and probably longer, owing to lack of employment, the exhaustion of tbe supplies of home grown grain, and an increase in the consuming element, rendering it necessary that the sup plies of the bread-making grains should aug ment at tbe rate of more than 3,000,000 bushels yearly. In Germany the yield of wheat per aero may be put at 18 per oent. below an average, indi cating a loss from this source of 16,000,000 bushels. To this must be added a loss of some 10,000,000 to 14,000,000 bushels resulting from the destruction of the plant by frost upon the fields that were re-ploughed and sown to other crops (largely sugar beets). The wheat area has in fact suffered diminution in this way to the extent of nearly 20 j-er cent. The American commercial Press nnd tho trade journals, when dealing with this subject, con veniently ignore or are ignorant of the fact that) the acreage of all Europe haa been diminished in this way. They fail to recognise that estimates of yield sent out from Europe are for acreage yield, and refer only to the diminished aoreage, mention rarely being made of the fact that the aoreage' to be harvested is from 10 to 20 per oent. less than was sown. Hence all these statements are misleading in the highest degree. This condi tion, as to the aoreage to be harvested, probably accounts for suoh divergence as exists between the estimates of the writer and some others who are much relied upon. In Austria-Hungary the same conditions exist as in Germany, only in lesser degree. Yet so great has been the destruction of the orops, especially that of rye, that net exports of wheat and rye, averaging 16,000,000 bushels, must be replaced by great imports if the supplies are equal to those oonsumed in recent years. The Vienna Congress places tho pro duction of wheat and rye from this harvest in Austria-Hungary at 72,000,000 bushels less than in 1890, and the exports for that year being less than 18,000,000 bushels, it would appear that there should be considerable imports if the source existed. That extraneous supplies will be needed is rendered the more probable by the reported condition of the maize orop, whioh, over the whole Danubian basin, has Buffered^ greatly from midsummer drought, as it has in Southern Russia, and to a lesser degree in Italy. Hence Europe oannot sub stitute home-grown maize very largely for the deficient wheat and rye. The potato orop of Austria-Hungary is affected by disease, bub to what extent there is as yet no meanB of deter mining. That the potatoes of Germany. Hol land, and Belgium are seriously affected, and will be but an indifferent or very meagre crop, is altogether probable. Should fchU crop con tinue to deteriorate, as it usually does when attaoked by blight, the out-turn will be far below the average, and greatly extend and in tensify the distress already prevailing over wide areas, especially inGermany, where pota toes enter so largely into the subsistence of the poorer olasses, and which is obscured as far as possible for political and economic reasons, and ONLY TWO-THIRDS OF A OKOP IN OENTEAIi AND SOUTHERN EUROPE. The 'crops in Belgium and Holland are of much the same character as those of France and Germany, and there is much doubt if the out-turn will be two-thirds of an average.^ This will necessitate largely in creased imports, especially in Belgium, where the per capita consumption of tvheab and rye is about as great as in France, the greatest in the world. In Scandinavia the crops are better than in other parts of Western Europe, but are still below the average, as are those of Spain and Portugal. Those of Portugal are better than those of Spain, the latter being reported 20 per cent, below an average. The Italian crops are somewhat better than was ab one time promised, but the threshings are very unsatis factory in many districts, and imports will have to be increased as the indications are that the maize crop is below an average. The writer would put the Italian wheat and rye product 10 per cent, below an average, but the Vienna Congress makes it 15 per cent, below. In the latter case were tho maize crop a full one, the indicated imports of wheat and rye would be more than 40,000,000 bushels. My own estimate is thab Italy will require 30,000,000 bushels of imported wheab and 8,000,000 bushels of imported rye. Turkey proper and Greece seem to have fine crops, bub neither produces sufficient for home consumption, and their neighbours in the Danubian countries— Rou- mania and Bulgaria — while having produced crops of finequality, have an out-turn below the average. It is as yeb uncertain what will be tho extent of their contributions to the needs of Western Europe. But meagre exports can be hoped for from North Africa, as the crops in.. Algeria and Morocco are very poor, while . those of Tunis and Egypt are no more than sufSaiont to make good the probable deficit in Algeria and Morocco, leaving little grain. to be senb to Europe. As to the Asiatic dependencies of Turkey, the crops are good in Asia Minor and Mesopotamia and very poor in Syria, the probabilities being that the. usual exports will be made from this region as a. whole. Such have been the ravages of the locusts in the Central and Southern Provinces of Persia thab the Shah bos been impelled to prohibit the exportation, of grain from such districts. As they are, the source of wheat exports it Beems unlikely that Persia will send the usual 2,000,000. to 3,000,000 bushels of wheat to Europe. INDIA. AS. A, PACTOIt. The Indian crop was something above an average, and materially larger than thab of lasb year, when exports reached 27,000,000 bushels. As tbe present crcp exceeds lasb year's by 20,000,000 bushels it would be reason able to expect that the exports would be augmented in [like measure. Already Indie has sent out 32;90v,000 and may be confidently expected to send half as much more from the crop harvested in the spring of 1891. But a large part of- the immense shipments akeady made from this crop have gone to supply tho needs of the 1890-91 European cereal year, which ended with August. The crop which will be harvested in India in tho spring of 1892 is bub now being sown, so it is too early to forecast the contributions which Europe may expect from such source* further than to say that the probabilities are in favour of an average yield and exportation. During the last five years Indian oxports have ave raged 33,000,000 bushels, of which aboub 30,000,000 reached Europe. As yet all we know of the crops of South America and Aus tralasia, which will be harvested in our mid winter, is that they have been sown, and that the area in South Australia has been muoh diminished by the drought there prevailing at seeding time. 'South American and Aus tralasian exports, however, are of so little importance in the world's supply that com bined they would no more than furnish Europe with bread for two days.' THE RUSSIAN FAMINE NOT EXAGGERATED. Heretofore Western Europe has depended largely upon supplies of wheat and rye drawn from Russia, bub such has been the destruction of crops in that Empire that instead of furnish ing any_ parb of the supplies required, it ia by no means improbable that the Czar may find ib necessary to look abroad for the food required to keep life in his subjects. The Finance Minister in a recent report states that the Russian rye fields have this year produced 182,000,000 bushels less than is required at home for bread and seed. As Russian ex ports of wheab and rye have recently averaged 140,000,000 bushels per year, it would appear that even if the Russian} wheat crop was an average one, Russia would still have pro duced 42,000,000 bushels of the breadmaking grains less than required for domestic con sumption. But there is little room to doubt thab the wheat crop of Russia is at least 50,000,000, and probably 100,000,000 bushels below an average, as but a very limited number of tho wheat districts have produced even two-thirds of a crop, and the great pro ducing districts of Central and Eastern Russia have not returned the seed sown. Thab the Russian rye crop is even more de ficient than indicated by the Finance Minister is very probable. Ib _ is a well-established fact that famine exists in twenty- six provinces and has been rife in eighteen of the Central and Eastern Provinces for months— in Kazan and Penza. It is also a very significant fact that these eighteen pro vinces are the most populous as well as the most productive of the empire. They include a very large part of the famous black- earth region, which may well be called the granary of all the Russias. The Kieff correspondent of the Corn Trade News (who is said to be a great grain merchant), and for whose statements that journal vouches in the strongest manner, after a careful personal survey of tho distressed districts, states that there areei^hteen provinces where the harvest has given less grain than was Eown. and that people are living upon bark, grass, or berries in many instances. THE PEBILS OF STARVATION ALREADY THREATEN MILLIONS. ' The startling significant fact, to which the commercial trade journals have failed to direct attention, is that this famine and that in Eastern Germany developed long before the harvest season. It was not due to the deficit crops of this year — although it con tinues to spread because of the deficient har vest — but it is the direct result of the exhaus tion of the reserves, which have heretofore sup plemented current harvests that were insuffi cient for current needs, although above the average.' That such is the actual condition of the world as relates to itsfooci supply i3 made pain fully manifest by these famines coming after the harvesting (in 1890) of one of the largest wheat crops the world has ever garnered, and a rye crop up to the average (that of Prussia having been 98 per cent, of an average). Everywhere are the reserves of the bread making grains at a very low ebb. If such has been the outcome after and while con suming the great world's crop of 1890, when considerable reserves existed, and which were found necessary for the year's subsistence, what must be the result when the world's product is 600,000,000 bushels of wheat and rye below the quantity consumed last year 1 How can the world subsist from average crops when a crop of 50,000,000 bushels above the average and supplemented by at least 50,000,000 of the remaining reserve is found to be insufficient, and the world's requirements are annually increasing 36,000,000 bushels per annum more than does the supplies from an increase of acreage? What price do such con ditions indicate for the nearby years 1 Outside of the famine-stricken districts, 'which have not harvested as much grain as wa3 sown,' Russia never has produced a surplus sufficient to subsist balf of the 39,000,000 people inhabit ing these provinces. Indeed, tho average export of the whole of Russia is equal to t'ue subsistence at the average rate of consumption obtaining in Europe of Irat 20,000,000 people. Yet in the distressed provincea not only are the grain crops destroyed, bat the hay and potato crops are equally bad. The pastures, too, are sere and bare, as they have been through the whole year, whioh accounts for the prohibition of the exportation of bran, as this food is required at home to keep life in the needed animals. The situation of Europe can best be shown by the following tabular state ment :— EUROPEAN REQUIREMENTS AND PROBABLE SUP PLIES OF RYE AND WHEAT DURING THB 1891-92 CEREAL YEAR. Bushels. Bushels. Requirements for bread — 1,400.000,000 Do. do. seed ? — 300,00^000 Total requirement ? ... 2,700,000,000 Probable outturn of Eu ropean fields ? 1,800,000,000 ? — Seed required— a con stant quantity ? 800,000,000 ? — Seven andahalfmonths' food supply ? 1,500,000,000 1,800,000,000 Deficit equal to 4J ? L__ months' foodannply.. — 900,000,000 America, India, and all other countries can supply at outside ... — 230,000,000 Ultimate European de ficit equal to three - _^___ months needs ... — 020,000,000 Potatoes and other substitutions- may, pos sibly, be equal to half of one month's consump tion, but this is not probable, as. the potatoes are alwayB consumed in addition to the wheat and rye ; but, admitting that such substitu tions will equal half a month's consumption, haw are the other two and a-half months to bo covered? THE SURPLUS FOR EXPORT. The wheat and rye crops of the United States and Canada are, fortunately for Europe, most abundant, and it is. probable that North America will contribute 180,000,000 bushels of the two grains to feed a hungry world. OfthislG million to 20 million .bushels, will be required by the people of tropical countries and Eastern Asia. Europe's share will thus be some 160 million bushels. With a possible 100 million bushels from India and all other, sources, European requirements for the first nine months of tho cereal year can be provided for. But to feed Europe for the other three months there seems to be only what maize the United States can spare, unlosa large quantities of the grains (oats, barley, &c.;) usually devoted to the sustenance of animals and the manufacture of spirits and beer shall be substituted for the lacking of wheat and rye. What will be the condition of Europe should our belated corn be nipped by September frosts ? Present condi tions indicate acorn crop of about 1,800 million bushels. We must not forget thab the oribs are empty, and that this crop must cover nearly or quite fourteen months' consumption, having now been in use in the southern and central districts, that were bare of corn in consequence of the deficit yield of .1890, a month or two earlier than usual. Such is also true as regards the crop of this year. HIGHER PRICES MUST FOLLOW. Owing to the necessities of a great number of farmers, wheat, oats, and corn will move to market at an early day and in such volumes that, coupled with the markeb-wreokers' arts, the result will be prices below what would logically follow from the world's deficient supply. But once Europe has consumed a considerable parb of its deficient crop, and we cease to markeb more than goes immediately into consumption, there will bo such an uprush of prices as this genera? tion has not witnessod. Those who are look ing for higher prices should not forget that the whole world is now employed in marketing the product of 2S0 million acres of wheat and rye. Ko matter how meagre the harvest may have been, the necessities of a vast number are such as to impel them to market their grain just as Boon as it can be thrashed. The grain thui over-marketedfrom American farms b. now moving to tlie seaboard in a great swelling flood, which will probably be at its maximum in October, and from then until soma weeks after New Year's Day will slow ebb. After that recession will be rapid, and as. the tide ebbs so will rise the price of all kinds of grain and secondary food products. When the marketing, now excessive, shall have so diminished that the amount going for ward is somewhat less than current require ments, prices will advance 'by leaps and bounds; Then the farmer, so. fortunate as to have held a large part of this year's abun dant, yield will secure an ample reward for bis labour and expenditure. There can be no other, result, as the world has grown but 82 per. cent, of the bread requirad. After America, Asia, Afiioa, and Austra-. lasia have sent to Europe the last bushol ct wheat that can be spared, there will be at least ten weeks for which no provision seems possible, but a resort to American maize. Is. it possible for us to spare enough of our Indian corn to furnish seventy European breakfasts, seventy dinners, and sejjenty suppers ? Let us nob forgot, when trying to solvo this problem, that to properly set oub the European breakfast table requires an equivalent of 2,20^,000 bushels of wheat and rye. C. W. Davis. This gentleman is a Kansas farmer, widely travelled and extensively read, also of large experience ia business and railroading. He has made a special study of the. food supply of the world. His article in the American Agriculturist for May last, on 'The Farmer and the Impending Change,' arrested national attention because of the clearness with which ho pointed out the certainty of events that have since transpired. In tho above article he presents his reasons, revised to S&ptembor; 12, for believing that higher pnoes for cereals are inevitable, Mr. Daviahas sufficient confidence in his conclusions to bold until the spring of 1892 tbe crops grown on his own ranch this year — 12,000 bushels of wheat and 30,000 bushels of corn. AMERICAN EXPORTS. Later advices give exports for September, thus :— September 1S91. 1890. 1839. Wheat, bushels... 19,498,165 2,006,670 3,893,793 Hour, barrels ... 1,146,503 720,990 955,306 Total as wheat, bushels ? 24,655,699 6,251,158 8,192,670 Eye, bushels ... 8,161,537 16 94,774 Threo months to September, 30, 1891 :— 1891\. 1890. 1839. Wheat, bushels... 50,414,889 11.703,737 18,967.700 Flour, barrels ... 2.S2S.743 2,303,157 2,878,600 Total as wheat, bushels ? 03,144,233 22,007,944 28,921,400 Bye, bushels ... 4,269,930 260,239 402,300 The New York Sun says three women footed it in July and August last from the Indian Ocean over 200 miles to Mashonaland. They were members of an Episcopal order, and were trained nurses sent out to take charge of the hospital which has been started in that new country. The Bishop of Mashonaland ex pected that provision would be made to carry these young women in hammocks into the in terior, but the force of porters was unexpectedly email, and the women said they would endea vour to walk. With extraordinary courage they set out on the journey. There was no wagon-road, and for much of the way no paths were found. The party suffered terribly at times from thirst. At night the bush was always alive with lions, hyenas, buffaloes, leopards, and other animals. At one time the party observed two lions drinking quietly thirty rods from them. The grass often ex ceeds 12 feet in height for miles and miles, and some days the little caravan marched through incessant rain. They suffered severely from the desertion of their porters, and of the thirty two carriers with whom they started only four remained at the end of their jcurney. The women had no tents to sleep in, and altogether they made the journey under conditions which would have tried the strength and courage of the stoutest men. They safely reached their destination, however, and they are the fir3t white women to have made such a journey into the interior of Africa, the others travelling either on steamboats or being carried in ham mocks or chairs. The Countess of Jersej contradicts the state ment that she declined to patronise a perfor mance of Ibsen's 'Ghosts' in Sydney on the ground that 'no lady could act the part taken by Miss Janet Achurch.' Lady Jersey, in a letter to Woman, says :— 'The play in question was not 'Ghosts,' which, as far as I know, has never been acted in Sydney ; nor did I assign the reason Btated above for refusing my patronage. The facts are briefly these— Misa Janot Achurch (Mrs. Charrington) very kindly offered to give a performance of Ibsen's 'Doll's House' for the benefit of a fund now being raised in order to erect a Women's College in Sydney. My patronage was asked, and, under ordinary circumstances, would certainly have been granted. I found, however, that great controversy a3 to the moral effect of this particular play existed in Sydney, and the lady who first appealed to mo to be present at the representation asserted that I should thereby manifest my adherence to the views put forth in this drama, and do much towards dispelling tbe objections raised to them in many quarters. In fact, a considerable eec tion of the community appeared to take Ibsen so seriously that they were exalting his fancies into a kind of religion. I had hitherto thought Ibsen too dull to affect anybody ; but experi ence shows that thiB is far from being the case either here or in England. I felt, therefore, unable to give the pubb'c mark of approval desired to dramas which, to my thinking, pre sented repulsive characters and pernicious theories. On learning my objection Mis« Achurch most courteously endeavoured to sub Btitute another piece for the ? Doll's House,' but found it impossible to make the change. Of course the various estimates of Ibsen's rlays are mere matters of opinion. Mine happens to differ from that held by Mi.«3 Achurch and other intelligent critics, bub I should be sony that cither Misa Achurch or her friends should think that I used an expres sion disrespectful to ono whose action wa? throughout generous and considerate. ' 