AUSTRALIA* MYTH'. TBniiffRAYiA.l .The Australian aborigines have a curious myth with regard to the origin of water. They say that originally there wos no water in Australia. They got along very comfor tably without it, till one day ' some adventurous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn conclave was held, and they determined to niinli't/i +.Vi-v nlrlaai-. onH wisest inhabitant as to the course to be pursued to attain their object. The venerable native listened to their complaint and told them that the water was contained in the stomach of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at the top of one of their highest mountains. All that was required was to make him laugh, when the water would run- out of his month. Another great consultation was held, when it was decided that' all the animals should be asked to give their co-operation to obtain the desired result. This th^y readily agreed to, and natives and aaimals repaired in. a -jreat body to the. toad's mountain to try their powers in the way of laugh rais ing. The first to make the essay was tho ass. He brajed so loud that be might have been a demagogue expatiating on the crimes of the eljs3es as agaicst tho virtues oH the masses. He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kicked ,his heels into the air higher than any donkey had ever elevated them before, he cut the most fantastic capers ; all to no us ?, and the toad did nofc so much as wink an eyelid. Crestfallen the donkey retired, and the cock strutted up with a*'self satisfied air as though he alone knew the secret of how to make the toad laugh. But alas for the vanity of feathered aspirations, his ctow ing and -flapping of wings had no more effect than- his predecessor's brsying, and tie too retired discomfited. One after' the other 'all1 the 'animals, birds, and fishes' tried their best 'to raise a laugh, but with, no better subcess! At laat'-when everybody was beginning to despair came the eel wriggling along on tho ,'grouud, 'and strange to relate ttie toa'd blinked' an eyelid ( and watched its contortions. ' ' Seeing this' the, eel raised himself into 'an arch, and waited along on his head and his tail. Those -watching the, gigantic 'toad saw, the' muscles' of his mouth' begin to quiver. Now the eel twisted 'himself into & single knot and'walked slowly, on his head.1 Lo J and behold- the' toad smil-jd, and 'out 'of eachvside'ofT-his moutn' .water' began tot triokle ' down. 'Seeing 'this'' the' eel re doubled his efforts',' he' twisted 'himself into a double knot 'and waited jauntily along on his head an'd his tail.' This extraordi nary-performance was too much for,the toad, ho opened 'his mouth! and' laughed lou(l and long. ? ' ' Out gushed the water in a mighty, torrent down .the mountain side, and spreading ; over, the country formed rivers, lakes, -and pools j and ' down too came the natives, rejdicing that at last they'would have an abundance 'of water.' The following 'story shows that ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria, and ' re3ent meddling with' the body they 'once inhabited. A man travelling in tho country of a_ friendly tribe came upon a' deserted habitation. Above the doorway he saw tho usual crooked stick, pointing1 in tbo direction the family had taken, and all round about the place pieces of bark covered with white clay, indicating a death. He found tracks leading to a tree in which he soon dis overed a dead body. Anxious to know wko had died he laid down his rug and weapons at the foot of the tree and ascended it. On removing the opossum rug1 from the face he found that it was a friend. He, wept for a long timo, then went away. He had not gone far whon he heard some magpies making a great noise, as though they- heard something strange. He turned round to see what it was, and to his terror saw the ghost of the deceased come 'down and -follow him. He was so terrified he cotild not move, but maoaged-to address it in tne --e terms: ' Why do you frighten me wLcu I have come to see you and never did yo1; - any barm?' It -never spoke, but followed him for a considerable distance, scratobi ig - his back ? with its nails, and- then returned to the tree. When he rpaohed 'his frionds he. told 'them what' had „ happened, ' showed them his back lacerated and bleeding, and 'said-he had a presentiment that something Toad would Befall him' befora ;long.;. At the next meeting of'the tribes he was''speared through the heart. 