Ittterratiatral Reason. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. Acts viii. 5-25. Golden Text (Acts viii. 8). — 'And there was great joy in that city.' PHILIP PREACHING AT SAMARIA. He was not the Apostle of that name, as is evident from two facts : — (1) The Apostles remained in Jerusalem (verse 1), but this man went to Samaria ; (2) when the work grew so that it was necessary for Apostles to be present, Peter and John were sent to Samaria, which would not have been done had Phillip possessed Apostolic authority (verse 14). Who was he? In the last verse of this chapter, he is mentioned as going to Csesarea, and in chap xxi. 8, we read of Philip the evangelist, living at Cajsarea, ' which was one of the seven.' Turn then to chapter vi. 5, . whicli gives the names of the ' seven men of honest report,' who were set apart to look after the daily ministration of alms, and there the second name is ' Philip.' It is evident, then, that the Philip who went to Samaria was Philip, the second of ' the seven,' or, as he is sometimes called, though not in the New Testa ment, ' the deacon.' To the inhabi tants Philip ' preached Christ.' THE PREACHING OP PHILIP. The Samaritans had part of the Old Testament Scriptures, and were looking for the coming of the Messiah. They were not pure Jews, but a mixed race, and yet they shared in the hopes of the Jews. Philip declared to them that their hopes were now accomplished, and that the Christ for whom they had been looking had come. The preaching of Philip was supported by signs, such as the casting out of evil spirits from the possessed, and the heal ing of the palsied and lame. The most striking sign of the truth of Christianity is the e fleet accomplished by it in the morals of individuals and communities. In this day we can reap the full benefit of such a sign, for our observation can extend over the lives of good men, and backwards throughout the long history of the religion of Christ. But it was otherwise with the primitive Christians. Their field of observation of the moral effects of the Christian Religion was very limited. Hence they needed some striking sign, which did not require a long time for its appreciation, and this was afforded by the miracles of Apostolic days. The words and miracles of Philip struck conviction to the hearts of the Samaritans, who believed, and were baptized. SIMON'S CONVERSION. Amongst the converts was one, Simon by name. He had already won a great reputation in the city as a man who had dealings with the unseen world. It does not appear that the wonders wrought by him were mere tricks. The ' black art,' no doubt, had' much reality in it. This man ' believed,' and publicly declared his faith by baptism. It is evident, however, from the sequel, that his heart was untouched. His intellect, no.doubt, was convinced. The proofs of the iden tity of Jesus of Nazareth with the Mes siah were too powerful to be ignored. The mere assent of the mind to a pro position is a faith which devils may have. The loving reception of the truth in the heart is needed to complete the process, and to turn intellectual assent into a soul-saving faith. Simon's conversion, therefore, was but in name and out ward profession. THE APOSTLES' MISSION. The news of the reception of the Gospel by the Samaritans reached Jerusalem, and the Apostles sent Peter and John to the scene of work. Here, again, we see these two friends associ ated. The fact of Peter being sent by the others shows that he was not an Arch-Apostle, a ruler of the Apostolic band, but that he himself obeyed the general wish of his colleagues. The great need of the new disciples in Samaria was the gift of the Holy Ghost. They had believed ; they had been baptized ; now they wanted the life-sustaining, sanctifying power of the Spirit. Prayer was offered for them by Peter and John. No doubt they co operated with the Apostles by praying for themselves. Prayer is one of the great conditions of the bestowal of this gift. So did the Lord teach. The Holy Spirit was to be given to them who asked for the blessing. ' Ask and ye shall receive.' The Lord Himself promised to pray the Father, and, in answer to His petition, the Comforter would be granted. So, too, the days before Pentecost, were spent in prayer in the upper room. simon's sin. Simon- had already been amazed at the miracles wrought by Philio. Now, wh'en he saw that extraordinary in fluence was communicated to the new converts in connection with the laying on of hands, he wished to possess the Apostolic power. In his past life he had been regarded as a great man, a worker of wonders, one who held inter course with the unseen world. He did not like to be put into the shade in public estimation. He offered money to the two visitors, and by this .act he showed how utterly he was deficient in the knowledge of the Christian re ligion. His name has been handed down in connection with simony, which is the sin of buying preferment to ' livings.' In its spirit the conduct of Simon is repeated by those who lay out money for the purpose of winning religious position and influence which' they do not legitimately merit. We may hope that the stern rebuke admin istered to Simon was the means of awakening . him to a sense of his sin. His request (verse 24) shows, at least, some sign of fear, and, perhaps, of repentance. ? Runcorn Congregational Church which was last year partly destroyed by fire, has been restored and improved, and a new organ erected at a total outlay .of £2,000. Dr. Charles Ray Palmer, of Bridge port, has given to Yale University a scholorship of £2,000 in memory of his son who lately died. The total number of members now connected with the connexional Bible and Prayer Union is 5,379. The increase on the year is 1,038. Of the above 2,101 are connected with the Methodist Bible and Prayer. Union, and 3,278 are readers in other associations. 