CERTIFIED DEAD. A certain pious monk was wont to thank Providence for placing death at the end of li-'e instead of at the beginning, because, uoder existing circumstances, men are enabled to pre pare th-ni5elv.-s for that solemn event in a manner which would otherwise be quite impos sible. Had that monk lived during the nineteenth century, tinder s -me modern red- tape regime, he might have been less profuse In his gratitude and less confident in his assump tion that death always c «mes at the end of life. It was only a few months ago that a man was accused in one of the Fans courts of bring ironk in the streets- He proved incontestably, bv reference to official documents, that he had been killed twenty years previously in the Franco-Prussian war. It was very hard, he urged, that a corpse like hinwlf should not be allowed to indulge in a little merriment by way of mitigating its lugubrious condition, unfor tunately for the poor corpse, death was not considered incomputable with punishment, and the merry body was incarcerated in prison pending measures being taken for its officixl resnrr-ction. They manage there things rather funnily in France. Not only are men officially killed, but often they are not allowed even to lie bora; or, if born, they are not at all unlikely 1 to be officially changed at birth. It was in tbe latter part of 1887, or early in 1868, that a young woman named " Henriette' was drawn for the mi itary conscription. It is not usual to obtain rizandire& in this manner, nor had the lady any desire to follow the drum in any case. She therefore made inquiries at the registration office, and there to her surprise and disgust, ascertained that the cleric had entered her name as " Henri," and that consequently she was, in the eyes of the law, not a woman but a ram A similar accident befel a young lady who had been christened " Louise FelidtA" Her fancy had been lightly turning to thoughts of love, and on Valentine's Day, 1888; all unconscious of her sex, she presented herself m company with h-r mother at a mayor's office in the suburbs of Paris, in order to get a enpyof her baptismal certificate, and to publish tbe legal banns for her approaching marriage with ore man of her choice. The registrar's cleric looked over the books, but found no " Louse Felicite" marked down on ihe day mentioned. However, the birth of a boy wns registered, his name bring given as " Louis Feliden." It was then uiuBcu mi uw uiuwiMiuu«aiiuwve-iwai aiiwaen that she too, like Henriette, was really a man, liable to be called upon to his country ; and it was literally not till three or four months later that her real sex was restored to her by a special injunction of the Civil Tribunal. Then, and not till then, was die allowed to assume the congenial r6le of bride. A Swiss captain, at the end of a saogtn&iy; and prolonged battle, caused the dead and dying to be thrown alike into the pits and buried to gether. Someone pointed ont to him that many of the bodies still showed signs of anlmatioo. "My good rir," replied the Swiss, " if a raan were once to pay attention to the signs they show, there would not be a d«md body amongst them." A similar power of preventing the mind being turned aside by trifling considera tions appears to have characterised a Crrtain K&zi; in the city of Cairo, Mans s Bin Maria by name. To him is attributed, amongst others, the celebrated pound of flesh judgment given In favour of the Jew creditor. His decisions were usually rather extraordinary, but every now and then they were so remarkable as to attract attention from disinterested outsiders. On one occasion, tbe inhabitants of Gatro were shocked to see a Irving man borne through the streets, tied fast to a bier, nod hurried towards tbe cemetery to be buried olive. Hi lamentable shrieks were entirely disregarded by the beaten, who remorselessly carried ont their duty to the bitter end. It was soon ascertained that the Kazi hCansur was responsible for this atrocity; and, although Orientals are not easily shocked where tbe administration of justice (so-called) is concerned, yet, in this case, it was felt that some enquiries should be made. Accordingly, tue Eazi was u.riucnbuj <wu u« WH OCBCU wuji u flttl he had caused a living man to be buried alive, lake Mr. Gilbert's young lady in the Mikado, it was doubtless pointed oat to him that burial Jive ia too " rtnffj- " a death to he agreeable. They found tbe Kiri quite Beady to eatfefy their doubts. "Yon wiafa," he said, "to know why this maa has been buried alive. Well, hie borul has been ordered by me, in doe form, because mxy-ats ago ius wife was married to another man according to the decree of the law, two witnesses of a very respectable character having certified his death st Bagdad. The man, however, came before the Court this morning, pleading that he was not dead, and advanciog a claim to recover his wife. 1 ordered the two witnesses to reappear, and they proved beyond doubt by frefh evidence that they -had atteoded his funeral at Bagdad, where he was buried in their presence. From this circnm- stance it is easy to candode that toe cannot be a real one, bat toe ghost of toe former, and mist therefore :he; laSST iri order to pat an enil to all fartre'dispufea respecting toe woman." The bystanders tfaeranpoo, as weare told, " dissembled their misgivings, praised the Eari'e justice, and retired." So mnch far the jpoar Enoch Btdeniof CMnv f JBbfatetoSd in toe., extreme, and- too; detjb. jrf_.it an hanowing' to read;' bat' we may derive some little cons ilatiun fnim'refiocting that probably they are not ategether separate. The follow- wt-rr -as rs ar-"v Bin Maria sab srion rooriHe in - OrienU Courts. Mr. Isaac TWTiaTStohed toe facte nearly femr7yeam agJrtoiTaMoant which follows 18 in foe on Xds " Arnaunamod Mahomet, a rendent at Kbartoom, shortly before the se-p, forgreatrt vs$ Egypt, and promised him £200 far his traoMe. When Kbmionm fell, toe Uamnr prt <» moaning for his friend, who, he gave mit, bad themcmv of Allah. He kept the money on the ZK a i»a lapsed to him « toe cousin and next friend of the deceased. After a while, however. Mahomet toned The Memnr denounced him as an impostor, declaring that he had never seen him before in hie life. Mahomet sent for bis wife to testify to bis identity; whereupon the Mamnr gene rously offered, as a mart of regard for his deceased friend, to marry her, as, on his theory, she was now a widow. Hie case was taken before toe local judge, who informed toe Memnr that unless be gave £500 as bacbshaeab, he would have to disgorge toe whole sum. The Mam or considered the proposal extortionate, and tbe case went up on appeal to Cairo, vtee toe Mam or expended 0,100 squaring the officials all ronod. The balance he succeeded in keeping for himself, whilst poor Mahomet tost hie ani) mc mnfiemned in costs. TVbat became of the wife I 'did not hear."— London " Evening Standard." 