THAT DffllfOL THI1(8. Feallv. you know, I tbinfc you look quite wuii iu your new position. TUus gaily und facetiously I addreesed a skull upon which 1 had h'Etowod jnuch effort. Tout coloring j» vastly improved by your ether bath. If only your teeth had not been lost. I suppose if ld refrained from putting them in that pill bos Tnhn one ni online and ovening/ Williams would have paid them the compliment of being tooth, instead of strangling pills, and packed them with you when he eent yon 01"But never you mind, old chappie, I have thought of a way to get eome more teeth. I'll ash my dentist to save me all he pulls— if he. doesn't want: them— end well tig you out in « .fine new set, and they wou't befalee ones. 44 Wherever you have a vacant lot iU wat jaws you shall have & nice little ioofie. You could even adopt the reprehonsiblo habit of chewing gum, if you wiehwh though I'd rather you wouldn't ; for— a word in the hole where your ear used to bo— you aro now too tony a skull. Chappie mine, for that tort of thing. You've a velvet cushion to sit on and functus officio' painted ou your cranium, not to epcakoi haying your lower maxillary articulated with a wire spring. Suppose we put your jaw out of joint, my child. You have such a fetching expression when its twisted to oueride." Then ra terrible thing happened: tbe skull spoke. It eaid, 44 Be good enough to keep your hands -off me," and said it slowly aud firmly. Then tbtfe was a silence of upwards 01 five minutes. My hair assumed an upright position on my head, eo inconvenient to the working cap porchod there that it yielded to the per- : suasions of gravity, and sought the floor. My knees evinced a fondness for each other's com pany, and my eyes felt enlarged. Ihedii'ta etnfle during the <ja?> this was Clean y a gaasuy nwuiy. The old chappie continued to stare me in tbe faoe without winking, and the stilloeM grew embarrassing. Finally I said, " Cesar's Ghoet!" There yas no reply. X waited some time, and silence still reigning, I began to think my ears must have deceived me. I determined not to act rashly,- however ; eo feeling myself a dreadful dolt 1 said in a whisper: "Ibegyoorpudon, but is it customary for Bkulls to speak f" " When they are spoken to," came back promptly. . Ay hair, which had just began to seek a recumbent position, again assumed the perpen dicular. I stepped behind tbe table, and regretted that my pistol was in a drawer of the deak on which the skull stood. Nothing would have induced me to get it ; tbe Thing might have jumped at my head or bitten off my nose with its articulated jaws. So I gazed at old chappie with & feeling anything bat affectionate, " and mentally de nominated him 44 Old Devil," But after this interne! ebullition of anger I broke into a coldjperepiratiou. For all 1 knew > he might be able to read my thoughts. If it was the man who used to. live in him who waa now making night hideous in this manner, why shouldn't he be able to step iuside one's anatomy and read one'e thoughts as fast as the thinking machine produced tbem. Good heavens ! I braoed myself for eternity, but the minutes went by and I still breathed the mundane air. I pulled myself together. Here 1 was six feet tall aod a football player: was I to be brown-beotee by that bony old thing? 1 had always frisked to eee a ghost if there were such affairs. There was evidently a etrongsupcr- natural atmosphere rampant now. Why not make the most of it ! So I reopened tbe conversation by timidly re marking, ,4 Well, I never new skulls to speak before, eo why should you ?" »< Why shouldn't I r" was toe instant reply. He had such an easy assurance, did that skull, and his answers were eo ready that though I knew that this time be was justcopy tag from "Alice iu WondOrland," still 1 was staggered. Bull soon drew myself up and remarked wftb dignity : 41 That is merely avoiding the question, 14 Tbeu pray avoid queetioning me." Was be tryiog to rookea pun? Inetsnilyl lost some of toe awe with which he had in spire! me. I Btepped out from toe table, put one bond on my nip and assumed a slightly domineering attitude, 1 said : 41 Considerins that you eome to me a greasy old skull, that 1 eoaked you in hot water nnd soda for an hour, scrubbed you with su old tooth-brush and picked little bout out of your eare with a haiipin ; considering 1 bathed you in ether and bcDziue and sunned you on., the oou&arrotory; roof for mouths, with your lower maxillary fied to you by a pink tape and vour teeth Id a cigar box by yonr aide; con sidering tbe close intercourse uu this entailed, and that during that time yira sever gave a sign of life, you must acknowledge that it is strange you should euddonly develop the power of ipeech." "I acknpwlodge nothing," replied the son- tenticui littte fool. Oh. I wouldn't," I said, you argot show some tense if you did that." Young roiui," said the skull with an in- suiting drawl (I ground sit teeth); ''do not imagine that 1 enjoy talking to you, for I do not. I have merely protected myself from in- digfiitv by i-o doio'g. Should you ever again atwrjj't to dislocate my jaw I will work Laxra to-ooewbom you lovo." Who," I gnzped. " Your fiancee." " What do vqu know about her ?" " She waa once my fiancee. " Yours?" . Why nut:" 44 Yoalie 1" I cried. No answer. 4 Didu'i you lie ?' I asked, backing down. No ausnor. " I'll go out aud throw dust aud ashes on my head if rou wish, aud will only forgive iuh. Bat wasn't it a er — mistake? "What's some times called erer — lie ?" ' No," replied the akulL " I could uot tell a lie." 44 But how old is Marie then ?" my heart leaping into my mouth at thought of my dear little love. 4 Metousaleh waa an infant in arms compared to her." 44 Great heavens," J cried, 44 Jook at her cheeks ; tbey are like rose leaves and her chin ie a« aniooto'as ft child's. You he, you kno;v you do." No answer. 4 Didn't yoalie?" No answer. 44 Please rxcuse rn, sir. I only meant how can Mane look eo young if she is so— if the isn't young: " 4 The deitd who etill lire learn secrets. One is about a face paste coD'aining no lead, bis muth, .areenie or -any other injurious ingre dient and superior to alt other washes, The secret if to wake cure of the trade mark when asktog forit." ' What is tha trade-mark." I oaken. 44 1 do Dot know. I never cared for my complexion. I think it neater juet to wear bor>«e." "I do not believe you even knew Marie. You ii 1 mean couldn't you be mis taken? " He gave a blood-curdling chuckle. 'That tittle broken tooth on the left side of hermoutL— I broke it. I threw my skull at her, aftrl was dead, because she forgot mo. There is a small scar on her lip over the tooth ; I made tlat, too. Garoo ! Garoo! Then my reason left me for I had kissed that scar. I got oowu on my kne«6 and my voice trembled. 44 Ob, wuudexful being, did jiu Marie lovs you too ? " "Madly, 'wildly, paseionatolT, devotedly." " Did she ever say to you, O feel ihatiie&th;, that eternity can never change our love ; it will always betlifesime?" 44 iier exact words. \- "And yet she has changed, will sho also change toward me?" 44 Tea. One hundred years Jrom now your skull will be n bit of bric-a-brac iu her drawing- 1 room, aod you will hear her say those very words to another man. Then in your auger yon will discharge yonraelf at berfcead, as ? did, aud she will have another little brok-eu tooth and another tiny scar. We will then both belong to tbe order ot 4 Uataputt-skuHs. " " Oh, heavens !" I groaned, " I eaocot bear it." I pint my h'--ad to my heaft to sec if it stilt felt firm ; tbeu the rcotn grew dark. I heard a riuging pound, a devilish laugh. I knew no ' more. When I wok® up I weslyiag on my Led — hsF same I there? The sun was streaming iofolirom, tbe skull seemed to grin st mo, with tooiS3ei>5 jaws and hollow eyes. I ebud : dered and ftU so faint that I took a pull of brandy. I had BB tern task before me. I got a wooden box and plaeed it open beneath the edge of the d®ak. Then I poked the skull off the shelf whh An umbrella. He fell int > 'he box with acrash j ft made me think of a catapult's. I did not loO>. - to ee H toe beast was broken. I flung fob n and jumped upon it. Then I nailed it dv",W3J' It Was still early morning, I crept „dcwn to the river and flung in the box. For weeks I was miserably ill, though up. Then I went lofoo Azoi eaon asatitog vessel aud was away two mouths. After my return my utothfT uid to me ono day; 44 By the way, did you know that your brother lias Leeii sh-dyiug veutriloquism for threo or four mouths ? He haa become vary pro ficient at it." I am still irjiog-fo enr« Marie's forgiveness for two months' silence and absouce, and for befog a gullible imbecile. For my brother I am layiug low.—" Detroit Ftee Press." 