I ffiDA THE LILT. I By H. EIDER HAGGARD. i goptbioht, 1891, By H. Rideb H Haggabd. h (all bights reserved.) I CHAPTER XXXL— (CoNTnroKD.) H THE WAB OF THE W0MEH. H Now, on the morrow at daybreak, I leaving Me wolves, Galazi come down H from the Ghost Mountain and passed | through the gates of the kraal. jn front of my. hat he saw Nada the H LjJff BDQ BalUWti UQlg IWI wuu svutwu bered the other. Then he came on to lUa nlace of assembly and spoke to I ' So the Star of Deathh&s; risen on the p0ople of the Axe, Mopo.'hesaid. 'Was jL because of her coining that my grey people howled so strangely last , night ? j cannot tell, bnt I know this, the star sb0ne first on me this morning, and that j6 my doom. Well, sbe is fair enough to be the doom of many, Mopo,' and he |aughed and passed on, swinging the Watcher. Bat his words troubled me, though they were foolish ; for I conld not but remember that wherever the I beauty of Nada had pleased the sight of meQ| there men had been given to QBIVUI Then I went to lead Nada to the place | of assembly and found her awaiting me, She was dressed now in some woman's garments that I had brought her ; her I cnrline hair fell upon her shoulders ; on I her wrist and neck and knee were brace- I lets of ivory, and in her hand she bore a I lily bloom that she had gathered as she I went to bathe in the river. Perhaps I she did this, my father, because she I wished here, as elsewhere, to be koown I as the Lily, and it is the Zulu fashion I to name people from some snch thiog. I Hot who caa know a woman's reason, or I whether a thing is by chance alone, my I father ? Also she had begged of me a cape I had ; it w3s cunningly made by Basntus, of the whitest feathers of the ostrich ; this she put about her shoulders, I and it hung down to ber middle. It had I been a custom with Nada from cMld- I hood not to go abont as do other girls, naked except for their girdles, for she I would always find some rag or skin to I lie npon her breast. Ferhaps it was I because her skin was fairer than that of I other women, or perhaps because she knew that she who Mdes her beauty I often seems the loveliest, or because H ftiava txrao frnf.1t in T.ho tail ftf IlPr vtllfta I blood and the fashion came to her with I the blood. I do not know, my father ; I at the least she did so. Now I took Nada by the hand and led her through the morning air to the place I of assembly, and ah ! she was sweeter I than the air and fairer than the dawn. I There were many people in the place I of assembly, for it was the day of the I monthly meeting of the council of the I headmen, and there aiso were all the I women of the kraal, and at tbeir head I stood Zinita. Now it had got abont I that the girl whom the Slaughterer went I to seek iu the caves of the Halakazi had cjmeto the kraal of the People of the I Axe. and all eyes watched for her. ' Wow !' said the men as she passed I smiling, looking neither to the right nor I to the left, yet seeing all — ' Wow ' bat I this flower is fair ! Little wonder that the Halakazi died for her !' I The women looked also, but they said I nothing of the beauty of Nada ; they I Bcarcely seemed to see it. H That is she for whose sake so manv of oar people lie naburied,' said one. ' Where, then, doe t she find her fine clothes ?' quoth another, ehe wh> came here last night a footsore wanderer V I . ' Feathers are not enongh for her : I look ! Bhe must bear flowers also. Sorely I they are fitter to ber hands than the I handle of a hoe,' said a third. I 1 Now I think that the chief of the I People of the Axe will find one to wor- ship above the axe, and that some will I he left mourning,' put in a forth, glanc- I ing at Zinita and the other women <of I the household of the Slaughterer. I Thus they spoke, throwing words -like I usegaie, and Nada heard them all, -and I knew their meaniog, but she never ceased trom smiling. Only Zinita said nothing, I but stood looking at Nada from beneath I her bent brows, while by one hand she I held the little daughter of Umslopogaas, I her child, and with the other played I with the beads abonther neck. Presently, I we passed her, and Nada, knowing well I who this must be, turned her eyes full npon I the angry ones of Zinita, and held them I there awhile. Now, what there was in I the glance of Nada I canuot say, but I I know that Zinita, who feared few things, I found something to fear in it. At the I least, it was she who turned her head I away, and the Lily passed on smiling, I and greeted Umelopogaas with a little I nod. I 1 Hail, Nada !' said the Slaughterer. I Then he turned to his headmen and spoke : This is she whom we went to I tie caves of the Halakazi to seek for I ftingaan. Out the story is known now; I one told it np at the kraal Umgngandh- I lovu who shall tell it no more. She I prayed me to save ber Cram Diogaan, I so I fiid, and all would .have gone I well bad it not been for a certain traitor I who is done with, for I took another to I Diugean. Look on her now, my friends, I and say if I did not well to save her— I the Lily flower, such as there is iio other I 111 tiie world, to be the joy of the People I of the Axe and a wife to .me.' I With one accord the headmen answerer! < TnJua - j:j Slaughterer,' for the glamour of Nada »as npon them, and they would cherish her as others had cherished her. Only jttlaa the Wolf shook Ms head. Yet CBMd nothing, for words do not avail gamet fate. Now, as I found iafter- eards, since Zinita, the head wife of Umalopogaas, had learned of what stock bfl was, Bhe had known that Nada: was no sister to him. Yet when . ihe taard him declare that he was abont to .take saying e thiDcd upon ' him, , 'How can this be, Lord?' <t utly(Won ask, Zinita The answered. Ls it not allowed to a man to take Another wife if he wiUT Sorely, Lord.' sheeaid ; 'yet tfaeado t'le'r "tiers; and I have' frkard; tAt was becauBe tfaisNadawas-yonr «Mer that you saved her fromDfogaan, MdbroughtthewrathjofDuigB«tonp1 tte People oFtiie Axe, theE that "all destroy them. V " ' 'So I thought then, -Zinita,' he answered; 'now I know otherwise. Nada is daughter to Mopo yonder indeed; bat he is-no father to me, though be has been named so, nor was .-the mother of Nada my mother. That is so. Counsel lors.' Then Zinita looked at me andmnttered, ' O fool of a Month, not for nothing did I fear evil at yonr hands.' I heard the words and took no note, and she spoke again to TJmslopogaas, saying : Here is a mystery, O Lord Balalio. Will ft then please -yon to declare to as who is yonr father ?' ' I have no father,' he answered, waxing wroth ; ' the heavens above are my father. I am born of Blood and Fire; and ehe, the Lily, is bom of. beauty- to be my mate. Now, woman, be nllnml- ? u'n l-l.'l — . jj.3 ououv, JJ.D uiuugub awmw tmu taaaeaj ' Nay, if yon will know, my father -was Indabazimbi the Witchfinder, the smeller-out of the king, the aomof-Arpi.' This Umslopogaas said at a hazard, since, having denied me, he rnust declare a father, and dared not name the Black One who was gone. Bat'lniifter years the Baying was taken qp in-tfae land,' and it was told that Umslopogaas was the son of Iriflhtazii&bl-tlie; Witidi'fiader,- who had long ago fled theland; nor -did be deny it. . For whentai tfais gameiiad been.played but fie wtmld -not hdveit known that he was the eon of Chaka, he who no longer songfat to be a khig, lest he-should bringdown -the-WMt)ipf Panada npon him. When the people heard this they thought that Umslopogaas .mocked Zinita, and yet in Ms anger he spofcje troth when he said first that ..he was bom of the ' heavens above,' for so we Zulus name the king, and so the. witch doctor .Indabazimbi named Chaka op the day of the great smelling out. Bat they did not trice it in this sense. They held that he spoke truth when he -Bajd that he was born of Indabazimbi the Witchdoctor, who had fled the land, wblther'I do not know. Then Nada turned to Zinita and spoke to her in. a sweet and gentle voice-: 'If I: am not sister toBulalio, yet I shall soon be sister to you who are the Chiefs Tnhosihaas, Zinita. Shall that not satisfy you, and will you not- greet - me kindly and with a kiss of peacs, who have come from far to be your sister,- Zinita ?' and Nada held oat her hands towards her, though whether she did this from the heart or because she would pat herself in the -rightbefore the people I do not know. Bat Zinita scowled, and jerked at her necklace of beads, breaking the strincr on which t.bp.o ware threaded, so that the beads rolled apon the black - earthen ' floor this way and that. ' Keep your kisses for oar lord, girl,' Zinita said rongMy. 'As the beads are scattered so. shall you scatter this People of the Axe.' Now Nada tamed away with .a little sigh, and the people murmnred, for 'they thought that . Zinita had treated -her badly. Then she stretched ont her band again, and gave the lily in it to Um elopogaas, saying — ' Here is a token of our - betrothal, Lord, for never a head of cattle have, my father and I to send — we who, -are out casts ; and, indeed, .the bridegroom mast pay the cattle. May I bring you peace and love, my lord 1' Umslopogaas took the flower, and looked somewhat foolish with it — he who was wont to carry the axe, and not a flower; and so that talk was ended. Now, as it chanced, this was the day of the year when, according to ancient custom, the. Holder . of the Axe most - challenge all and sundry to come up against him to -fight .in single combat for Groan- Maker arid the chieftainship : of the people. ..Therefore, when - the talk was done, .Umslopogaas xdse- .and; -went through the challenge, -not thifak- iog that any wdald. answer him, Since! for some years none bad .dared to Stand! before his might. . Yet three - men steppedforward, and of -these two were captains, and' men whom the Slaughterer loved. With all the people, he looked on them astonished. How is this ?' he said in a low voice to that captain who was nearest and who would do battle with him. For answer the man looked at the Liny, wno bwkki py. xnen u mslopogaas understood that because of the medicine of Nada's beauty all men desired to win' her, and, since he who conld win the sues would take -her also, he most look to fight with many. Well, fight he must Or be shamed. Of the fray there is little to tell, my father. Umslopogaas killed first one man and then the other, and that swiftly; for, growing fearfnl, the third did not come np against him. j ' Ah !' said Galazi, who watched; 'what did 1 teU yon, Mopo ? The enrs begins to. work. Death walks ever with that .daughter of yoars, pldjman.' .' ' ' I fear so,' I answered, ' and yet the maid is fair and good and sweet' ' That will not mend matters,' said tialazi. Now, onLhat day- Umslopogaas took Nada the-liily ta wife,'rimd for a while there was peace and quiet. Bat this evil tiling came npon Umslopogaas, thai, from the day when he wedded Nad <S He bated even to look npon Zinita, and not at her alone, bnt on all his other wives also. Galazi said it was because Nada had bewitched Mm,. but I know well that the ooly witcheries she used were ifbeknediriiiebf ' heritye?, her beauty,and her love. Still, it came to pass that thenceforward, : and until she bald long been riead, the Slaughterer loved her. &nd; lier 'alone And. ffta£is a stran da mcknesato come iipon a man Ais'nj ay.bg gn®, jmy father, Zinita and -the other women -took 'this ill. They waited awhile, indeed, thinking it would wear away, then they began to marmhr, IStiffo th'eir MSsi&SSL; a53 iOheears bf other people, till at length there were two parties in the town, the party lot Zinifa and: the partyiof -Nada. ' The party of Zinita was made np bf women and of certain men who loved afad; feared their wives, but that pf Nada- was. thegreatest, and itwas all of men, -frith. Umslopogaas at the head of thepvaid from thiB division r.came. -much bitterness : abroad, and , quarrelling. Yet neither the Idly nor Umslopogaas heeded it greatly, nor, -indeed, anything, so lost love. ! Now, on a ctetein morning, when tijty, eun wiBialrtafty-tagh, ohflNrant doWn through thexookguHey tq tiiC: riyer to bathe. On the right of the pathtto the. river. lay the mealie-fields of the c)lief, -and in them laboured Zfoita Andiflthe other women of Umslopogaas,. weeding the mealie-plante. ' They looked jap and - -saw Nada pass, then worked on sullenly. After a wtnle tbey -saw tar-come again fresh from the bath, very .fair to?, flee, and .having flowers twined among her hair, and as she walked flhe-eangflflgng of love. Now Zinita cast down .'her hoe. ' Is this to be borne, my. sisters f she said. 'No,' answered another, 'it ls not to .be borne. What shsU we do — ah all we fall npon her and killjher-now,-?' 'It wonld be more just to kill. Balalio, onf lord,' answered Zinita. ' Nada is uui h wuuiiujj jouuj buu tupuwtj iyu; r ui. -us women, takes all that ebe -can gather. Bnt he fs a. map .aud.a.(MelI'ahde'hqjild . hopw wisdom and. justice.' 'She has bewitched himwithci&er; hearty. T»t as kill her, 'maid the other women. -'Nay;'- answered Zinita, 'I will speak -frith her,': and she. yent flndatpqd .in the path along -itidcfa the £My - wsHted singing, fier >«rihs>foldwi: across her breast. \- -.-Now Nada £aw..her and, ceasing her song, stretched ont faer hand to Wffepfne -her, aaylDg, 'Greeting, M&£r:':. i But Zinita did-not take it. 'Itrisxiot-fitting, sister,- sneua, "nnrmy -nano; seamen with toll, shoolddefile yours, fresh with the scent of flowers. But I am.charged with a message, on my own behalf and the behalf of the other wives of our Lord Balalio : the weeds grow thick in yonder corn,, and we . women are few ; now that yonr love diiys are orer, : will not you come and ;help as? If you brought no- hoe from yonr Rirgui hemp safely we will buy yoii one.' Now Nada saw what was meant, and the blood ponred to. her head. Yet -ehe answered calmly — x wuuia wiiungiy. ao cms, my sister, thongh I have never : laboured tin .the fields, for wherever I have' dwelt the men have, kept me bapk £romAllwnrk, save snch as the-weaving of flowers - or the stringing of beads.- Bnt there. is thiB against. it-UmsopDgaas, .my ftus- bani, charged me that I should not "toil with my hands, -and l may not disobey my husband.' 'Gar hnsband charged you so, Nada? Nay, then it is strange. Bee," now,-I am his head wife, bis ltJcosiiaQ£—\ir, was I who tanght him how to win the axe; Yet he has laid no command.onjnejthat I ehonld not labour in ibis fields .after fashion of women,; I . who have - borne him cMldren ; nor, indeed, "has., he laid ; snch .a command npon any of our sisters, his other wives. Gait it then be that Balalio loves, yon better than - us, Nada ?' Now. the. Lily was in a, trap, end she knew it. -So she -grewjbold. 'One must be most loved, Zinita,' she said, ' as. one mast be .most lair. Yon -have had. yonr hour, leave -me mine; perhaps it will be short. Moreover this ; Umslopogaas and T loved each other much -long years before, you or .any of his wives saw him, and we love -each ether to the end. ' There is no more to ssv.' ' Nay, Nada, there is still something to s,y ; there is this to say ;T3hoose "one of two things. Go and leave us to be happy with oar lord, or . stay and bring death on riL' Now Nada thought awhile, and answered : ' Did I believe that my love wonld bring death on him I love, it might , well chance that I would go and -leave him, though to do so would be to die. But, Zinita, I do not believe it. Death chiefly loves the weak, and if he falls it will be -on the Flower, not on the BHiyer of Mho,' and sbe dipped past "Zinita and went on, singing no more. Zinita watched her till she was over the ridge, and her face grew evil as she watched. Then she returned to the women. ' The Lily flouts us. all, my sisters, sbe said. 'Now -listen : my counsel is that we declare a feast of- women to be held at the new moon In a secret, place far away". All the women -and -'the children shall come to it except -Nodi, who will not leave her lover, and - if there he civ mail whnm ft vnmih IAvas ' perhaps, my sisters, ' that man woald,: fo well to &b; on a-joncney abont the time of the new moon, for evil things may happen at the town of the People of the Axe while.we are away celebrating our feast.' Wl»t, !ti»n, shall befall, my sister ? asked one. ' Nay,ta»w <»ril tell SLshe answered. ' I onlytapw .(hat we are mifaded to be rid tif Nfa,--nnd#hji9 .to-be arenged OD a nmn- Qitas-bcfflropqur Jove— ay, ahd bhbsV. .weu who foliowflfter the bd«uty.tVfi5tnot'Bb,-my sisters?' 'ifrMiSft'dbeyiawBiaed. t Then-be sitenYbfie-taattor; andlet usyeBtbiiff' NowNbda ttMUrasiopoga&s;'of those wards she had bandied with Zmita;and medicine mfNada'stea Ae tafd not fdrnfroiri. hhi'WliyyWtid -wasievfeCflet her Thns,Twheni%nIta - temeitaTbiai, :»nd that should be neld tar. <%wyt ; fre - cou- hierkngry kjbks fot aT whife j nor.did he' ijadm-ednwdd taast j and in % ,breatii"' bath Zmlwstati Nada answered Vbat hiK wrirfl Wr indeed it was.in.thismatter. fosterling, and Bpoke of it with Galazi, ' saying that. a means must he foond to wake him. Then-I- took Galazi fully intotay mind, gpd fold him all that he did"" not know of Umslopogaas, and that was little. Also, I told him of my plans to bring the Slaughterer to the dfirone, and of what I had done to that" end, -and of what I .proposed to do, and that . was to go in -person an. a journey to - certain bftiie great ttaefs and - win them ?over. Gatazi listeued,' and said -tftat it was well or ill, as.thechanca might be." For hispartg ihe belieyed tbat the daughter would piilli down faster than I, the c-Bjet X -determined togo,iand:that«ras on,Jho, day before Zinita won . leave ite1 ThiB'taast of women. Sol . r ... i m sought Umslopogaas ahd told him, khd< he listened tadifferently.-frir/.ta wonld be going after Nada,. and wearied of my talk of j>dliqy. 'Ibade-humfarewell and. left 'him ; -to Nada hlso Ibade taiewel. She frlssed me, "yet the name of Jher husband was xningled. with her good- tijft 'Now iradneteihas.eome upon these two,' I said-to. myself. 'Well, dt pill wear off, they will be changed before I come again.' I guessed little, my "father, how changed - they .would fie. CHAPTER NXyiT ZINITA OOUES TO TBa KING. Diogaan the Mug sat. upon a. day. tin the kraal of UmgngundMovn, -writing till Ids impls should: return from the inoome tbat is now named the Bipod River. He had.seht them tMther to destroy the laager of the Bopra, qnd tiieneashethonghtthBLyelumldpresently return "with victojry. Idty he eij't in She Jusri; .watchirig tiie vqlturre whdrivtye the Hill of Slaughterer, and ronnd him stood-a -regiment 'My birds are"hangry,' he said to a cOqnse|lor. - - - 'Donbtlesa-liiere -shall .epon be meat to 'fesdthwd,- G ;Ktogil'-Jtiie connselior answered. As bespoke one came near, saying that a woman Sought leave to speak to - the king.UDon aoine creat jnaiter. 'Let.hpriComg,' he. ansered .; ',1am. sick for tidings, perhapB sljie can "tell of tfie.impL' . Ertototly- the iwomaa .was ledtin...She was tdl andjfair; jand Mieiipld twpchijd- ren bj the Ifahd. ' 'What isfthineerrmxdf -asked Dtn- gaan. _ 4 Justice, -G Ejng,' she answered. ' Atit for; blood, it (Kail be easier -to frnd.' 4 1 ask blood, :G King.' 'The blood- of whomf ' Thp Mood of BulaUo the Slauebterer, Chief of tiie Pepple of the Axe. the-blpod of Nada the Edly,ond of all (hose - who cling to her.' Now.-Dingaan.sprapg np and swore an oath by the- head of the Block One who was gone. 'What?'.. he cried, 'does the Lijy, then," live as the captain thought?' ' She iives, OKing. Bhe is wjfe.to the Blaughterer, and because of witchcraft he has put me, Ms 'first wifei away against all law and honour. "Therefore I aak-vengeance on the witch and venge ance also on him whb was my. hnsbaad.' . 'Thoa art a good wife,' eaid- tbe king. '-Mov mv watchinv snirit save me .from such a one. Hearken ! I would gladly grant thy desire, for .1, too, hate tale Slaughterer, and X, too, -would crash this Lily. Yet, .woman, thou comeet in a- bad hour. Here I. have but one regiment, and I think that the Slaughterer may take some -killing. Wait, till my impia return: from wiping out the wMte Amaboona, «nd it Bhril - be as thoa dost desire. Whose are those children !' ' They ate my children and tile children of Balalio, who was my hus band.' ' The - children -of him whom thoa woiildst -cause to be slain.' ' Yea, King. 'Sorely, woman, thou art as .good a mother as wife I' eaid Dingaan. ' ' ' Now I have spoken — begone !' Bnt the heart r of Zinita was hnngiy for vengeance, vengeance swift and terrible, on the Lily, who lay in her place,, and -on her husband, who. had thrust her aside for the Lily's sake. She does not desire to wait — no, not even for an hour. 'Hearken, O King f she cried, 'the tale is not. yet all tale. This man, Balalio, plots againstthy throne- with Mopo, son <>f Makedama, who was thy counsellor.' 'He plots against my throne, woman ? The lizard plots .against the cliff on .which it aqns iteelf f Th.ep.let him plot, and .as for Mpp% Ijsrilljcateh him ,yet !' 'Yes, O King! but that is notall toe tale Ibis man has another . name-he Is. named. Umdopogus, son pf Mopo. Bnt beis;no sob of Mopo: he is son to the Black One who ,is -dead, tbe mighty iriog who was thy ? brother, by Raleka, meter to Mopa Yes, I know, it from |the lips of Mopo. I know, all .Abe, tela HeifeKeir' to thy : throne by blood, O King,, and thou sfttest in bis place.' For, a Itttie . vriiile iDingaaa sat astonished. Then he commanded Zinita to dra'w near and tdl Mm the tele. Now, behind the etoot on which he -Cat stood two counsellors only, nobles whom Dingaa'n loved, and , these done had heard the last wordB of Zinita. He bade these nobles stand in front of Mm, ont of earshot and away from every other man. Then Zinita drew near, and told Diiigaan the tale of the birth of Umslopogaas and. all that followed, and, by many a token and many a deed of Chaka's that he , remembered, Dingaan the. kipg knew. that it yras , p true jbtory. When at length ishe -had done, he enmmoced the captain of -the Tmdment ,'tiiat tood. around ; Jbp !vas. a greAt faeu named Fakn, and : he ialeo sninmoaed tartMn'.-men who do 'tbe ting'a biddiog. To.JthR p.iin idf-jths impi be' spiilre sharply, saying — 'Take ittifee ' epmpapics and gnidea, and .come by ri'ht to tbe .town" of . .the Feople »ofthe t>Axe1 Jthat is: by Ghost .lSpuptrin,,ha,bn;,i 'pilule vrizards who sleep therein. - Mist of «U, slay the Chief of-'the' -People,-%faC fa name3"Bolalio"the Slaughterer or Cm- 'slppcaas. Killii.im-by tortnre if yon may, bnt kill him and bring his head to me. Take that wife of his who is known < krI-A--.ii.-6i: nlflb-A'tir Qj. —A b®S tofcW 4mldS ber tobeslrinhere. Brjng the Cattle riso. Npw go,;pfl gopwjftly, tipa hour. If ye retdrh, haying failpd in one jot of my command, ye dfa,-pvery one of you — ye die, and slowly. Begone!' fall companfa£wapfc£orwardat his word, and ton after fiimtiirpugh .the gates of thetaaal Umgugundhlova. heading for the Ghost UodntriA . .Thpn Dingaan xalled to tiiose who do £he' kfr's HSAlh&iihd; j jiointlhg to 'the two nobleshiB dOhnseliors, who had hrardtiietoOrdsflf!.inite,. commanded tliat JKoy ehpn'd be killed. The t nobles beard; anifrhaving sainted the kmg.'toveredfoeir -faifces, knomog "thiit tiiey'm\fe3Kcrii«i''tiib| 'ad learned too ihnCh. So they were killed. \- : ;3Sicorite Jriug commanded those who rio'tastaddiogdiliat they ohonldtake the -chfldren of Zinita and make awsy with ;them. . Botwhen .nita hpatd tftls she : cried -aloud, for. she doved-hsr children. Then Dfogaon mpcked hri-. ' wfafihe paid, 4attthpn.a fool- as as cwieited I Thou sayept that thy husband, whom thou hast given -to riesth, xfl-born cf one whodBjdeadj' ahd is heir tp toy thrpne. ptt sayest .also that tfaere riiildrenflre fair11 to him ; therefore, :whenbexs dead, they will be hslrs to my-tiirona Am l .tiien mad that I Whorid suffer tjiem to live,? -Woman, .tiipp hast lalleti into thine .own trap. -Take (themaway.' Now Zinita tasted -of the oup which ;she had brewed for other lips,, and grew uifltmidlii :in.her .mlfnrr. anrl vrnmrfiap hands, crying- that she repented her of the evilflud wonld warn UmslopogaaB and the Lily ofthat which awaited, them. And she turned to ton tpwsrdslhe gates. But tiie Jring Janghed and ? nodded, and theybropght lier back, and presently she waB.deadalsp. ' fti,lh;myj5atiw!r,. prospeiMd the .wickedness of. Emits,' the head-wife of Umeliogaas, my fosterling. \- Npiy. &psp; were ttalsst tiayings tiiat At jton' kraal UbghgtiDdh- lovu, for jnst OS Dingaan: had oaake an end'of them and once more grew weaiy, he lifted Ms eyesnnd saw the , hillsides uuiiik. wiLnmen, ,wpo.,py tapir areas .were ofrhfa-own impi-r-men whom he; had sent out- against the Boers. Andyet .where was toe prond array, where tfae pl amies audiMdlds, where the sopg of victory ? Here, i indeed, were soldiers, but they walked in groups like women and hnng tbeir heads like chidden duldren. Then he. learned the truth. The imp! had beendefeated by the banks of the Income ; thousands had perished at the faagpr, mowed down, Ky, the guns of the Boers, thousauds more hadbeen drowned If?- liiA Ttl/>nmo rtll'fha nrnfnrer twaea vaJ and the bodies of the slain pushed each other under, and those who still lived walked upon them.. Dingaan heard, and was seized with fear, for it was said, that the Amaboopa followed fast-on the track of the con quered. That day he fled to the bash on the B|sck Umfplozi river, and that night the aky? was crimson . with the bprning of the kraal Umgogundhlovn, where tbe Elephant shonld trumpet no more, and the vultures were scared from the "Hill of -Slaughter by the roaring of the flames. . (lo be continued,.) 