NOTES AMD COMMENTS. The report of tho Sehey-Bddy commission should prove a warning to many of our legislators who are in'the habit of throwing mud from behind the wall of Parliamentary privilege. Any man without thehide of a rhinoeerous would at onoe retire from publio life after receiving such an exposure as is contained in the report. Mr. Sohey, however, will turn up when the House meets arid'undertake somo fresh mission in the interests of publio purity. The Commissioners were exonerated from all the charges, while the aceuBor was condemned for his reckless statements and his cowardly attempts to escapo from the responsibility of proving them. Tho polioe havo just made a raid on a few small Chinese gambling deus. Tho sweep and tote system which is the ruin of so many young men is, how over, overlooked. P. P. Slavin, tha American pugilist, has retired from the ring tvud started an hotel. Home at last. . Twenty-five pounds to tho hospital from, the two recont entertainments speaks well for the sympathy whioh residents have with that institution. Another proof haR boon furnished of tho final 1 abode of lawyers. In China a. case has recently boon before the courts in which one of the parties was the ghost of a woman of bad character. A London newnpapor recently offered a prize for tho best description of a bore. The prize-winner described this animal aB one " whoso silence is irritating and whoso conversation is exasperating.' He had just listened to a protectionist party telling \ an audionoe'how to keep tho money in tho country. The loading debating clubH of Sydney have re cently passed motions supporting tho Barrier miners ] in their present strike. The rising generation of orators in Sydnoy are becoming dangerously de mocratic. Thero is a movomont on foot in Sydney to start a people's party, the platform to contain the, three principal planks of the old labor electoral leaguo manifesto. Thore hos been a large falling off of revenue for the month of July, and to prevent a serious defioit a further fifteen per cent, ad valorem is haunting Cabinet meetings. Customs duties are also still claimod as necossiiry for protection only and not revenue 1 .Thero are 5000 millionaires in the United States 'of America holding between them property said to bo worth over £6,000,000,000. There are in tho aarao land of equality and freedom over 3,000,000 tramps. The " Eoho " bogus workingman's paper has re. cently been ooming out in its true colors as an op ponent of trades unionism, labor representation, and everything that is denounced by its foster { mother the " Herald." Sir Henry Parkes will again bo Premier of New ; South Wales if he lives a couple of years. The old veteran is playing the same game as on a previous oooasion when he calmly stepped in and enjoyed the fruits of a rival leader's work. It is expeoted that tho Salisbury Government will be defeated about the 15th instant. Just a month before tho profitable collapse of the N.S.W. " Ao oidental Ministry of Accidental Protectionists." One of the direotors of the defunot Australian Banking Co., who is now in the hands of tho police, had an overdraft in tho bank of £8000. The security for this was a bundle of mining scrip valued at 17/6. ^ A matrimonial bureau has just been Btarted in | Sydney. The enterprising manager announces that he can suit any taBte for half a guinea. Unfortun- { ately, the stock of husbands is very limited, while j females haunt his office in soores. The agent states also that his most thriving line of business is in wives without mothers. A woman's fondest, brightest dream, Her one idea her passion, The sole ambition of her life, IB to be in the fashion. The Gasworks question has reached a Btage in whioh tho counail must act without any trace of ] party feeling. ?Why do not Rome of tho ratepayers submit the matter to tho discussion of a public meeting ? Many Victorian industries whioh were artificially created are stated to be in such a hopeless condition now that the intercolonial markets are not avail able, that no tarriff alterations can help them. A settlement has been arrived at in connection with the strike at the Day Dawn Block and Wynd dam mine, the manager having agreed to recognise 44 hours per week as the regular working hours, overtime to be paid for, but tho men only to work overtime where necessary. The Chicago Exhibition authorities have promised an additional 20,000ft. of space for New South Wales, if possible. At tho postponed annual meeting of shareholders in the Permanent Mutual Benefit Building and In vestment Society, held on Friday, it was announced that the acoounis of the late secretary, Mr, J. M . Fogarty, showed defalcations amounting to £11,848. The total number of sheep in Queensland is over 22,000,000. 