CHAP TER XXXIV.-TH t: LILY'S FABEjjj^^^J TJjtSLOroaAAs listened, but he rruid^^H answer to the words of. Paka tho, eap^^B though he liked them well, for he woulc^^B waBto his breath in talking, and the 1^^| grew low. 'I nm ready, Man of Dingaan,' he^^H and lifted his axe. ^^^Ê Kow for a while the twp circled ^^^H and round, waiting for a chance to 8^^^| Presently Paku smote at tho head slopogaas, but the Slaughterer lifted ^^^H Maker to ward the blow. Paku <flS^^k his arm, and let the axe curl/ a^^| wards, so that its keon edge smote Tumal^^M gaas upon the head, severing his man's -M^M and the scalp beneath. ,' Made mad with the pain, the Slaugbt^^H awoke, as it were. He seized Gfoan-M^^H with both hands and struck ythrico.^^^H first blow hewed away the pli>ncs and^^^^Ê of Paku and drove him back^f spenr's^^^^J the second missed its aiidj the ^h^^^^HP mightiest twisted in his/wet hand'^T^^K the axe smote Bidewaj«. Nevertheless, it fell full on the breast çf tie captain Paku, shattering his bones, anajweeping him from the ledge of rock on co the slope beneath, whore he lay Btul.. ' 'It is finishru with the daylight,' said Umslopogaajj 'smiling grimly. ' Now.Din gaan, send more Slayers to seek your Blain,' and hp uUrned to find Nada in the care. Put Faku tho captain was not yet dead, Jiiough ho was hurt to the death. He sat up, and with his last strength be hurled'the axe in his hand at him whose might had prevailed against him. The axe sped true, and Umslopogaas did not see it .fly. It Bped true, and its point struck him in the left temple, driving in the bone and making a great hole. Then Paku fell back dead, and Umslopogaas threw up his arms and dropped like an ox drops beneath the blow of the butcher, and lay as one. dead, beneath the shadow of a stone. # # # All day long Nada crouched in the cave listening to the sounds of war that crept faintly up the mountain Bide; howling of wolves, shouting of men, and the clamour of iron on iron. All day long she sat, and now evening came apace, and the noise of battle drew near, swelled, and sank, and died away. She heard the voices of the Wolf-Brethren as they called to each other like bucks, nam- ing the number of the slain.' She heard G-alazi's dying cry of ' Victory V and her heart leapt to it, though she knew that there was death in the cry. Then for the last time she heard the faint ringing of iron on iron, and the light'went out and all grew still. All grew still as the night. There came no more shouting of men and no more clash' of arms, no howling of wolves, no cries of pain or triumph-all was quiet as death, for death had taken all. . Por a while Nada the Lily sat in the dark of the cave, saying to herself, ' Anon he will come, my husband, he will surely come ; the Slayers are slain-he does not but tarry to bind his wounds : a scratch, perchance, here and there. Yes, he will come, and it is well, for I am weary of my loneliness, and this place is grim and evil.' . Thus she spoke to herself in hope, but nothing came except the silence. ' Then she spoke again, and her voice echoed in the hollow cave. ' Now I will be bold, I will fear nothing, I will push aside the stone and go but to find him. I know well he does but linger to tend some - who are wounded, perhaps G-alazi. Doubtless Galazi is wounded. I must go and tend him, though ho never loved me, and I do not love him overmuch, who would stand between me and my hus- band. This wild wolf-man is a foe to women, and, most of all, a foe to me ; yet I will be kind to him. Come, I will go at once,' and she rose and pushed at the rock. Why, what was this? It did not stir. Then she remembered that she had pulled it beyond the socket because of her . fear of the wolf, and that the rock had Blipped a little way down the neck of the cave. Um- slopogaas had told her that she must not do this, and she had forgotten his words in her foolishness. Perhaps she could move the Btono j no, not by the breadth of a grain pf corn. Sho was shut, in, without fond or water, and here she must bide till Umslopo- gaas came. And if he did not come ? Then she must surely die. " Now she shrieked aloud in her fear, calling on the name of TJmslopogaasi The walls of the cave, answered ' Umslopogaas ! Umslopogaas ! ' and that was all. Afterwards madness fell upon Nada, my daughter, and she lay in the cave for. days and nights, nor knew ever ,how long she lay. . And with her madness came visions, for she dreamed that the dead One , whom Gala/.i had told her of sat once more aloft in his niche at tho end of the'cave and spoke to her, Baying- . ' Galazi is dead ! The fate of him who hears tho Watcher has fallen on him. Dead are the ghost-wolves ; I also, am dead of hunger in this cave, and as I died so shall you die, Nada the Lily ! 'Nada, - Star of Death ! because of whose beauty and foolish- ness all this death has come about.' "'¡ Thus it,seemed to Nada, in her madness, that the shadow of him who had sat ;inxthe niche spoke to'her from hour to hour. . It seemed to Nada,-iri hor madness, that twice tho light, shono , through tho hole by the, rock, ¡and that .was. day, andA'twice it .went J outland; that.(wnB' nighj¿ ,,,'.A . third, time the ray shone ' and died; away,¡ and lo ! herj madness- left.Jher, rjai^ know that she was dying, and that a voice she loved spoko without the hole, saying, in hollow accents ?It iifqRnmHr^rW'Uu, L mslopogäaT.f she answered. ' I who am yet young and 'fair, who love you, and hoped to give you chil- dren ; but so it has come about, and it may not be put away. I am well nigh sped, husband ; horror and fear have conquered me, my strength fails, but I suffer little.' Lot us talk no more of death, let us rather speak of our childhood, when we wandered hand tn hand ; let us talk also of our love, and of the happy hours that we have spent since your great axe rang upon the rock in the Halakazi caves, and my fear told you the secret of my womanhood. See, I thrust my hand through the hole ; can you not kiss it, Umslopogaas ?' ' Now Umslopogaas stooped his shattered head, and kissed the Lily's little hand, then he held it in his own, and so they sat till the end-he without, resting his back against tho rock, sho within, lying on her side, her arm stretched through the little hole. They spoke of their love, and tried to forgot their sorrow in it ; he told her also of the fray that had been and how it went. ' Ah !' she said, ' that was Zinita's work, Zinita who hated me, and justly. Doubtless she set Dingaan on this path.' ' A little while gone I hoped that your last breath and mine might pass together,' Nada, and that together we might go to seek great G-alazi, my brother, where he is. Now I hope that help will find, me, and that I will live a little while, because of a certain ven- geance which I would wreak.' ' Speak not of vengeance, love,' she ans- wered, ' I, too, am near to that land where the Slayer and the Slain, the Shedder of Blood and the Avenger of Blood are lost in the same darkness. . I would die with love, and love only, in my heart, and your name, and yours only on my lips, so that if any- where we live again it shall bo ready to spring forth to greet you. Yet, husband, it ¡sin my heart that you will not die with me, but that thou shalt live on to die the greatest of deaths far away from here, and because of another woman. It seems that, as I lay in the dark of this cave, I saw" you, Umslopo- gaas a great man, gaunt and grey, stricken to the death, and the axe' Groan-Maker wavering aloft, and many a man dead upon a white and shining'way, and about you the fair faces of white women ; and you'had a hole in your forehead, husband, on the left side.' 'That is like to be true, if I live,' he answered, ' for the bone ' of my temple is shattered.' Now Nada ceased speaking, and for a long while was - silent ; Umslopogaas was also silent, and torn with pain and sorrow, because he must loso the Lily thus, and she must die so wretchedly, for one reason only, that the cast of Faku had robbed,him of his strength. ' Alas! he who had done many deeds might not save her now; he could scarcely hold himself upright against the rock. He thought of it, and the tears flowed down his face and fell on the hand of the Lily. She felt them fall and spoke. ' "Weep not, my husband,' she said, ' I have been all too ill a wife to you. Do not weep for me, yet remember that I loved you well.' And again she was silent for a long space. ¡ Then she spoke-for the last time of all, and her voice came in a gasping whisper through the hole in tho rock-. ' Farewell, Unslopogaas, my husband and my brother, I thank you for your love,'Um slopocaas. Ah! I die!' TJmalopogaas could make no answer, only he watched the little hand he held. ¡Twice it opened, twice it closed upon his own, then it opened for the third time, turned grey, quivered, and was still for ever ! . Now, it was at the hour of dawn that Nada died. ; CHAPTER XXXV. TUB VENGEANCES OP MOPO AND HIS POSTEBLINO. IT chanced that on this day of Nada's death and at that,same, hour of dawn I, Mopo, came from my mission back to the kraal of tho People of tho Axe, having succeeded' in my end, for the great chief-whom I had gone out to visit had hearkened to my words. As the light broke I reached the town, and lo 1 it was a blackness and a desolation. 'Hero ia the footmark-of Dingaan," I said to myself, and : walked1 too arid fro, groaning heavily. Presently I found; a knot, of men who were of tho people that had escaped tho slaughter, hiding in tho mealio fluids loBfc the-Slayers should return, 'and .from thom I drew all the' story. 'I listened in silence, for, my father, I was grown old in misfortune ; then I asked where wore tho Slayers of the king? They replied that'they did not know; the soldiers'had gono up tho Ghost Mountain after the "Wolf-Brethren! arid Nada'tho Lily, and'from tho forest ha'd' como a howling of beasts and sounds of war ; thea there was silence, and none hod been seen to return from the mountain, only all day long the vultures hung over it ' Let us go up the mountain,* I Baid. At first they feared, because of the evil name of the place ; but in the end they came with me, and we followed on the path of the impi of the Slayers and guessed all that had befallen it. At length we reached tho knees of stone, and saw the place of tho great fight of the Wolf-Brethren. All those who had taken part in the fight were now but bones, because the vultures had picked them every one, except Galazi, for on the brest of Galazi lay the old wolf Deathgrip, that was not yet dead. I drew near the body, and the great wolf struggled to his feet, and ran at me with bristling hair and open jaws, from which no sound came. Then, being spent, he rolled over dead. Now I looked around to find the axe Groan-Maker among tho bones of the slain, and did not find it, and the hope came into my heart that Umslopogaas escaped the slaughter. Then I went on in silence to where the cave must be, and there by the cave lay the body of a man. I ran to it-it was Umslopogaas, wasted with hunger, and in his temple was a great wound and on his breast and limbs were many other wounds. Moreover, in his hand he held another, hand -a dead hand, that was thrust-through a hole in the rock. I knew its shape well it was the little hand of my child, Nada the Lily. Now I understood, and, bending down, I felt the heart of Umslopogaas, and laid the down of an eagle on his lips. His heart still stirred «nd the down was lifted gently. I bade those with me drag aside the stone, and they did so with toil. Now tho light flowed into the cave, and by it we saw the shape of Nada my daughter. She was somewhat wasted, but still very beautiful in her death. I felt her heart also ; it was still, and her breast grew cold. Then I spoke : The dead to the dead. Let us tend the living.' So we bore in Umslopogaas, and I caused broth to be made and poured it down his throat ; also I cleansed his great wound and bound healing horus upon it, plying all my Bkill. Well I knew the arts of healing, my father ; I who was the first of the isinyanga of medicine, and, had it not boen for my craft Umslopogaas had never lived, for he was very near his end. Still, there where once he had been nursed by Galazi the Wolf, I nursed him back to life. It was three days till he spoke, and, before his sense returned to him, I caused a great hole to bo dug in the floor of the cave. And there, in the hole, I buried Nada my daughter, and we heaped lily blooms upon hor to keep the earth from her, and then closed in her grave, for I was not minded that Umslopogaas should look upon her dead, lost he also should die from the Bight, and because of his desire to follow hor. Also I buried Gal a/, i the Wolf in the cave, and set the Watcher in his hand, und there they both sleep who are friends at last, the Lily and tho Wolf together. Ah ! when shall there be such another man and such another maid P At length on the third day Umslopogaas spoke asking for Nada. I pointed to the earth, and he remembered and understood. Thereafter the strength of Umslogogaas gathered on him slowly, and the hole in his skull ßkinned over. But now his hair was grizzled, and he scarcely smiled again, but grew eren more grim and stern than ho had been before. Soon we learned all the truth as to Zinita, for the women and children came back to tho town of the People of the Axe, only Zinita and the children of Umslopogaas did not come back. Also a spy roached me from the Mahlabatine and told me of the end of Zinita and of the flight of Dingaan before the Boers. Now when Umslopogaas had rocovered, I asked him what he would do, and whether or not I should pursue my plots to make him king of the land. But Umslopogaas shook his head, saying that he had no heart that way. Ho would destroy a king indeed, but now he no longer desired to-be a king. Ile sought revenge alone. I said that it was well, I also sought vengeance, and seeking together we would find it. Now, my father, there is much more to tell, but shall I tell it P The snow has melted, your cattle have been found whore I told you they should be, and you wish to be gone. And I also, I would be gone upon a longer journey. Listen, my father, I will be short. This came into my mind: to play off Panda against Dingaan ; it was for such an hour of need that I.had saved Panda alive. After the battle of the Blood Uiver, Dingaan sum- moned Panda to a hunt. Then it was that I journeyed to tho kraal of Panda on the Lower Tugela, and with me Umslopogaas. I warned Panda that he should not go to this hunt, for he was the game himself, but that he should rather fly into Natal with all his people. He did so, and then I opened talk with the Boers, and more especially with that Boer who was named Ungalunkulu, or Great Arm. I showed the Boer that Dinsaan was wicked and not to be believed, but Panda was faithful and good. The end of it was that tho Boers and Panda made war together on Dingaan. Yes, I made that war that we might bo revenged on Dingaan. Thus, my father, do little things lead to great. "Were we at the big fight, the battle of Magongo ? Yes, my father ; we were there. "When Dingaan's people drove us back, and all seemed lost, it was I who put into the mind of Nongalaza, the general, to pretend to direct the Boers where to attack, for the Ainaboona stood out of that fight, leaving it to us. black people. It was Umslopogaas who cut his way with Groan-Makor through a wing of one of Dingaan's regiments till he came to the Boer captain Ungalunkulu, and shouted to him to turn tho dank of Dingaan; That finished it, my father, for they feared to stand against us both, the white and the black together. They flod, and we followed and slow, and Dingaan ceased to be a king. Ho ceased to bo a king, but he Btill lived, and while he lived our vengeance was hungry. So we went to the Boer captain and to Panda, and Bpoke to them nicely, saying " We have served you well, we haye fought for you, and so ordered things that victory is yours. Now grant us this request, that we may follow Dingaan, who has fled into hid- ing, and kill him wherever we find him, for lie has-worked' us; wrong, and wo-would avenge it." ,.Then the white captain and Panda'smiled and said '.' Go, children, and prosper in your Bearch. No one thing shall please us moro than to know that Dingaan is dead.", And they gave us men to go with.us. :.', j ,v Then we hunted that king week by'week aB men - hunt a wounded ..buffalo. We hunted him to" the < jungles i of the Umfalozi and^through them. But he fled ever.'.for he knew that the avengers of blood were on his I Bpoor. After that for a while wo lost him. Then we heard that he had crossed the Fongolo with' some of the people who yet clung to him. We followed him to the place Kwa Myawo, add there we lay hid in the bush watching. At last our chance came. Dingaan walked in the bush and with him two men only. We stabbed the mon and seized him. Dingaan looked on us and knew us, and his knees trembled with fear. Then I spoke ' What was that message that I sent thee, O Dingaan, who art no more a king- that thou didst ill to send me away, was it not ? because I set thee on thy throne and I alone could hold thee there ? " He made no answer, and I went on 'I, Mopo, son of Makadamo, sat theo on thy throne, O Dingaan, who wast a king,, and I, Mopo, have pulled thee down fronúf thy throne. Hut my message did not erT/t-1' there. I said that, ill as thou had dono tl r drive me away, yet worse shouldst thou dt 'J to) look upon my face again, for that day "'* should be the day of thy doora.' Still he made no answer. Then Umslopo- J gaaB spoke- w ' I am that Slaughterer, O Dingaan, no more a king, whom thou didst send Slayers / many and fierce, to eat up at the kraal of the People of the Axe. Where aro thy Slayers now, O Dingaan P Before all is done thou shalt look upon them.' ' Kill me and make an end ; it is your hour,' said Dingaan. ' Not yet awhile, O son of Senzangacona,' answered Umslopogaas, ' and not here. There lived a certain woman, very fair to Bee, and she was named Nada the Lily. I was. her husband, O Dingaan, and Mopo here, he was her father. But, alas ! she died, and sadly-she lingered three days and nights before she died. Thou shalt see tho spot and hear the tale, O Dingaan. It will wring thy heart, which was ever tender. There lived certain children, born of a woman named Zinita, little children sweet and loving. I was their father, O Elephant in a Pit, and a certain Dingaan slew them. Of them thou shalt hear also. Now away, for the path is far ! ' Two days wont by, my father, and Din- gaan sat bound and alone in the cave on Ghost Mountain. We had dragged him slowly up the mountain, for he was heavy as an ox. Three men pushing at him and three pulling at a cord about his middle, we dragged him up, Btaying now and again to show him the bones of those whom he had sent out to kill us, and telling him tho talo of that Hight. Now at length wo were in the cave, and I sent away those who were with us, for wo wished to be alone with Dingaan at the last. Ile sat down on the floor of the cave, and I told him that beneath the earth on which ho sat lay the bones of that Nada whom he murdered and tho bones of Galazi the Wolf. Then we rolled the stone down tho mouth of the cave, and left him with tho ghost of Galazi and tho ghost of Nada. On the third day before the dawn we carno again and looked on him. ' Slay me,' he said, ' for tho Ghosts tor- ment mo!' ' No longer art thou great, O shadow of a king,' I said, ' who now dost tremble before two Ghosts out of all the thousands thou has made. Say, then, how shall it fare with thee presently when thou art of their num- ber?' Now Dingaan prayed for mercy. 'Mercy, thou nyama!' I answered, 'thou prayest for mercy who Bhowod none to any! Give me back my daughter.; Give thia man back hÍ8 wifo and children ; then wo will talk of mercy. Como forth, coward, and die the death of cowards.' So, my father, we dragged him out, groan- ing, to the cleft that is above in the breast of the old Stone Witch, that cleft whero Galazi had found the bones. There we stood, waiting for the moment of the dawn, that hour when Nada had died. Thon we pried that name in his ears and the names of tho children of Umslopogaas, and cast him into the cleft. That was tho end of Dingaan, my father -Dingaan, who had the fierce heart of Ohaka without its greatness. 