[?] i SECRET OF BARRATOR CHAPTER IV (Continued.) ? Kathleen looked wonderfully pretty. The damp blue serge clung tightly te t; her, and outlined her beautiful shoulders and the nascent curves of her bosom ; her fair fringe, uncurled and untidy, ? floated in picturesque masses round her brow ; her cheeks glowed with health on/1 nnlmir Vionnnt.li +.lio ln/rom ofnrm -; battered hat, tied down by way of pre caution' with a crimson cotton handker rv. chief ; pearly teeth gleamed with fun under the full lips, as she stood there half pleased, half shame-faced conscious of my eyes fixed on her, and the water dropping from her skirts and running into little streams along the faded carpet. ' 'Go and change!' said her father v sourly, ' Go and change ; it's supper i; ? . ' time.' ' I will not be a moment !' Kathleen . cried, escaping quickly. ' ; When she returned, clad in a sober black' gown, and tho hair smoothed sedately down, her manner had resumed it3 normal dignity. She was Miss Dono . van again, the quiet daughter of a ruined gentleman ; not the mad-cap, ? irritating Kathleen of mv fancy. She was charming, however, in all her , phases, variable as she was, and I re . ' joiced to think our good understanding ? had been restored. This evening Kath C' leen did not sing; she retired directly r after the meal, and I was glad when Myles professed himself ready for bed. That little imp Tim had not returned, 'i and my departure was thus necessarily k : postponed. From my bedroom ' window I looked into the heavy blackness of the night ;? the rain had ceased, and the air was saturated with chilly moisture. ' This time to- morrow,' I thought, 'I shall be far away, and my visit to Barravoe will seem to me a dream. In a very little while I shall al most have forgotten lvathleon's face, and ; my features be as strange to her.' I tried even now to recall the shape of her nose, the exact curve of her pliable : mouth. Already it was impossible ; the general effect, the sparkle, the coloring, ??? , the play of feature — those I remembered, but the details escaped me. There stood a photograph of Kathleen cn tbe chim ney-piece in her father's study, which I \- had often remarked, thinking it did not do her justice. The photographer was a Dublin man, and no doubt it was when on a visit to the aunt she had told me of. that she had sat for her portrait. I was seized with a sudden desire to re fresh ray memory with a look at that portrait. I was a bit of a draughtsman myself ; possibly the idea may have of making, some kind of sketch from the photograph. At any rate, as everyone had retired to rest, there could be no harm in stealing a look at the pic ture, in holding it critically in my hand, . and comparing it mentally with my recollections. I opened my door care I fully, and the sudden draught blew out : t: my candle. I heard the sound as of dragging laggard feet coming towards me. and a slight chink like the rattling ,v\ of metal. In an instant Kathleen's .? words recurred to my memory, 'The house is ? haunted !' The fluttering of wings no doubt had extinguished my . : light, and now, groping in the darkness, I should stumble up against tbe unquiet ghosts! My British Philistinism re t ? - T r„u ? VUilCU UK LliC lUCtt UJL J.CUI. X 1C1U Uiy HUJ ' back into my room, shutting my door quietly ; though why such precautions in the case of a ghost ? I said to myself mockingly afterwards. I found my matches and relit my candle, determined to pursue the ghost, should I see one. \- Again I was in the passage, and this time without accident to the light, which as a precaution I took care to shield with my hand. I listened a moment. ? . True enough there were steps, stealthy , gliding steps, coming towards me, and the ;v : . chinking continued. I dismissed the idea ol ghosts in a moment from my mind, and hesitated what to do. Burg lars l knew did not ply their trade in Ireland; yet people slinking about a v house in the dead of night could scarcely be intent on a good purpose. I held tho light behind me, and stood close to where a curve in the passage almost hid me . from view. I had forgotten my pistol, Utif +l*orn tvna Tin fi'mn to orn Vinnlr Ac the steps came nearer, I distinctly re ? cognised Myles Donovan in dressing gown and slippers, thus accounting for tho dragging stealthy stops I had noticed; and in his hand lie held a large bunch of keys which rattled as he moved. So much for ghosts. I thought, laugh ing to. myself, yet afraid of stirring, lest he 'should find me iu my ignominious v position, ? crouched up against the angle of the wall. He did not see me, however. He walked stowly along, as though wrapped in thought, and when lie canio near to me he suddenly turned down a narrow passage on my right. I cianed m'y neck to noticc 1 liis further move ments. I heard'hini unlock tho door of a room, which by moving forward a little ! easily recognised, and 1 saw him enter. Some minutes clepsed. Ho did not return. My impatience was great ; T /-miM rint. rrn rlnwn to flip fitiiriv jind fetch the photograph whilo he was moving about, and I wondered what business took him at such on hour into a locked-up room, evidently not his own sleeping apartment. I ventured- to ap proach. I could hear him opening and shutting doors, locking and unlocking chosts or boxes. My curiosity was still more aroused, for Myles Donovan always seemed to have nothing to do, but smoke away his time for lack of any better occu pation, and to bo the last man in the world who would sit up all night to arrango his household affairs. After what seemed to me an eternity, tho door opened; I had only timo to spring back again into my hiding place, when Myles appeared, as dreamy and automatic £S before. {To be Continued .) 