THE DGOTORS SHOOK THEIR H-EADS . " I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy Airicani irecently. No w', 'amillion dollars (£200,000) is adeal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. . - Mr-: Thomas, Gaskini, of. No. .3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey,,near Derby, anot so richas many, all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he :hall tell it in -his own. way.; Mr Gaskin goes on to say ;" Up to eight years ago 11 had never lost an hours' work through. sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, nekr Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eiting, a had taste in my mouth, which would.fill with water and slime the latter so thick and sticky:that Ioftenýhad to remove it with my fidgers. My cheat used to ' till up and my throat would swell: so I couldn't -button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, ohiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had'a lacking cough," and would coughand.strain till I bled at .the nose, and the blood ruished'ont of my'ears. I became exhausted and short o6f breath and had to call the doctor, and was in'bed five or six weeks. , I-then-went as out-patient, to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six, months was very little better. I got so thin that I ws like a ghost walking abhut, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at lust the doctors recommeni'd onl tory a chiinge of air. "SoI bcame to,Darley Abbey and msy former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the DerbyshireInfir mary, Derby. I'fd"iid,; hb ever;' that'all'the bads" in "the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at 6eriby. -?lie first one said, SYou are in a galloping consumption, and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and.cheat aaid nothing. hut shook their heads. " Getting a triflebetter my- old master allowed me todo 'what little --could 'iA his gardena and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few -days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very s~ortio breith, and broke down completely.: I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, some times as much as a teacupful:at once, and was afraid Sto go to sleep for fear the phlegmi would choke me. At this time thewhites of my eyes Aurned. yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot.:" Mdy lips'iand mouth Swere dry and parched-and I often broke out into a cold clammy sjait. 'My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep:nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I maniaged i ' get u for a few hoiurs at a time, but was so weak I ha&-to take hold of the furniture to moves.few yards. .1 was always tired-and weary, and sitting'or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for houra -looking at my hands-nofhing-but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, land the childrent atpliy-quite 'upet me." - *, "The doctr kept on attending me, but he said, 'I can do you no good ; Ican' only patch you up, because your'lung 'are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hearof. ..One thing was a cough cure from ,London that'cost'22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't cougli much longer, you have merely to' pre pare for another world'..; . " About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, saia'-T ne, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup ? and told me how he had been cared after'being in: the- hospital He spoke so mucih inmpiiise.ofthis ihedicine' set my wife to Derby and -got a bottle at Mr Srmith's Stores in Victoria Street. Afterthe first dose ,I hid' an evacuation black as ink,'and.. omited. 'Then I fell asleep and felt rested when'1 ioke. -After, taking the medicine for three days'my 'tbreathing 'gbt easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more .Iwas able to go out for ashorxt-walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as Itell every one, that M'th6: Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. Icommen-ed)wdrk:at once, and have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at "once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six mouths I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since.' SIn giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin requests us to refer'Mildodibte thim oro to Mimw " tMr 'KI ley, eHeid' Gardener, Darley Abbey.,who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. ;'Mr Gaskin has lived at Darley Ab'ey - years and bears, ai excellent re-. putation. : -' .* Now 'what was the comiplaint from ~which he suffered ? Not galloping consumption,' certainly (as' due 'of the doctors- ýthought), or.heo would. have galloped into his grave in less than: three .months, instead, of growing worse for seven years.. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or .chronic gastric catarrah), which has lung syinp toms like consumption, for/which -it is so often: ignorantly,mistaken and. wrongly .treated. ' When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was.-used.' the-disease-yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield 'to that magnificent'pre??iation; - We' heartily congratulate Mr Gaskin on his recovery, I and commend the facts of his 'case to all thinking people. ': ' _ 