COMICALITIES. Marriage is often mirage. Girl violinists are becoming numerous. Girls are always after beaux of one sort or another. when a nanasome girl comes out, her papa has to co rue down handsomely. The corset generally has a tight pall to make both ends meet. Stranger (brightly) : 44 Fine day!" Chronic Grumbler : 44 Ye -es— locally. Probably raining somewhere." _ 44 1 have such an indulgent hosband," said little Mrs. Doll. _ 44 Yes, so George says,' re sponded Mrs. Spiteful. 44 Sometimes indulges tco much, doesn't he ?" The most careful man in the world was about to be hanged. Before stepping on to the platform he enquired anxiously, 44 Is it safe?" Mother (reprovingly, to little girl just ready to go for a walk) : 44 Dolly, that hole was not in your glove this morning." Dolly (promptly) : 44 Where was it, then ?' A visitor who wanted his boots blackened said to his bint, on retiring : 44 I'll pat mv boots outside the door of my room." To whioa the host naively replied : 44 All right ; nobody will touch them." 44 1 had only one fault to find with your sermon," said a stranger to the parson. 44 Your exordium and your peroration were both very fine ; the only, thing is, they were too far apart!" the descent of han. Man's brief and bootless journeying adown tbiy vale of tears Reminds me of the numerals we learned in childhood's years ; For, He starts out filled with confidence, the race already 1 — Atleast to him it seems 2 be, though really scarce begun. With 3-8ounding speech and daring deed he tries his name to score . In bolder, . brighter blazonry, than ever «ngn ; be-4; . . - Yet, ebon, if fi misjudged him not, nor estimate hunwrohg, His world-S soul reminds him that this life is notforlohg. His 7-ly prospects aeem to htm in quite a ahaky state, --- Ashe panders o'er his ways he groweth teas ri-8, And sator-9 becomes, and sad, concludes his day is past, Gives up his breath, and eke the ghost, and comes to 0 at last. Tom: 44 Is it true that Phil calls on Miaip Bond quite regularly now?" Jack: 44 He is getting ready to do so, I believe. I saw him trying to mike friends with the dog the other evening." , Young Husband (meeting his wife at the railway station) : 44 Didn't I telegraph you not to bring your mother?" Young Wife: 44 1 know yon did; That's what she came to see you about. She read the telegram." 44 1 don't meet yon at Miss Svelte'a any more." 44 No ; she and I have had a difference of opinion." "Nothing serious, I hope? 44 Oh, no ; only I thought I was the man she ought to marry, and she thought I wasn't." Me. Jaggs : 44 1 tell you, whiskey is a handy thing to haye around when you have cramps." Mrs. Jaggs who knows a tiling or two) : n Yes, andnramps are a handy thing to have, around .when yon have whiskey in the bouse.4 - " Lady (enthusiastieallyj : "Oh. awbata«harm- ing bit Of.grSen ! How I wish I could walk foe ever on this lovely carpet of nature's own mak ing ! . . (To -Rural Policeinan.) Bay, what is this root?" Rural Policeman: 44 A goose pad dock." Widower (to his daughter aged ten) : 44 Dora, do you know that Hiss G., our house keeper, is going tc be married?" -Dora : Oh I am bo glad we are getting rid of the oil thing! Won't it be jolly? Bat who is going to marry her ?" Fatner : 44 Well', I am." - It happened once that a faithful Moslem married, bat, when he saw his wif e, ehe pro ved to be very unprepossessing. Some days after the marriage his wife saiiftohim, 44 MyfioTe, ai yon have many relatives, I With you would let me know before whom I may unveiL" 44 My gazelle," he replied. 44 if thou wilt only bids thy face from me I care not to whom thou showestit." 