THE ABSCONDING DEBTORS ACT. TO THE EDITOB. SIB,—Although tho arrest on Sundays of absconding debtors has been provided for, the enforcement of this law still remains in the hands of the police instead of a bailiff or sheriff's officer. If it is thought in the interests of persons engaged in doing a credit business that some measure of the above description is necessary, the machinery of the Civil courts is unquestionably the proper method of enforcing it. The executing of a warrant under this Act is similar in process to serving a writ or debtors' Bummons, and executing a commitmenton a debtor, or warrant in bankruptcy, all of which are effected by the civil officers. To employ in executing a Civil process, a body maintained expressly for dealing with criminal matters, preserving the public peace, Sic., appears a strange and questionable proceeding. To keep a strict watch on a debtor who intends to abscond requires considerable vigilance on the part of the police, and this to the detriment of their duty to the public. The Act no doubt is intended to bolster up a credit trade, but if the shopkeepers, hotelkeepers and others choose to give credit, they should be compelled to fee the bailiff in the ordinary way for the recovery of their demands. In other ways the Act is absurdly inadequate. If a debtor is to be prevented leaving the colony, stop him in an effective manner, as you would an absconder against whom a petition in bankruptcy has been filed. The process to obtain a registrar's warrant is similar to obtaining a justice's warrant. The effect is different under the registrar's wairant the debtor can be detained, but under the justice's warrant the police must keep releasing him ad infinitum although perfectly aware of his intention to abscond. Now if (a big if) it is absolutely necessary in the interests of the community to arrest absconding debtors some enactment of a deterrent nature is required. Issue the first warrant as at present, only let the bailiff execute it. If the debtor on arrest refuses to pay liberate him and issue the second or gengeneral warrant, but make it an offence punishable by imprisonment, if after the issue of the second warrant, the debtor left the colony evading settlement, or without finding suitable securities for the amount claimed. This would bring him within the scope of the Fugitive Offenders' Act and the creditor if he thought fit to incur the expense might have him brought back. Many a debtor who could not at present resist a run from his embarrassments, would under circumstances entailing his forced return to the colony think seriously before squandering his money ineffectually. Some security should also be required of a debtor by recognizances for his appearance at the Local Court of the district where his debt waB contracted, if after the issue of the second warrant he made any attempt to leave the colony to avoid his creditors. In the interest of the debtor however, the period of duration of the second warrant should not exceed three months, a sufficient allowance of time to complete proceedings under the Small Debts Ordinance in any part of the colony, and the creditor Bhould be compelled to institute proceedings to recover his claim within a reasonable period of the issue of the warrant. The great objection generally found with all measures of this description is the scope given for vindictive action on the part of a disappointed creditor. It is not hard to imagine the feelings of the latter (especially if the debtor has been more than usually trusted, and then fails to meet his engagements), and the pleasure with which he would say, ""Well, I'll stop him from going away, anyhow." The result is sometimes that the debtor, who has not the ghost of a chance of paying, is kept in the colony for months; the creditor will not go to the expense of any further proceedings, knowing its futility, and the unfortunate debtor is prevented from bettering himself elsewhere ; becoming useless to the creditor and the community at large.—I am, &c.;, O.K.'. ? THE best butter in Albany, " Iceberg," at Edward Barnett & Co. See that you get it.* BARON LIEBIG'S SWISS CONDENSED MILK, guaranteed pure, the best brand in the market.—Drew, Robinson & Co., sole agents. 8uc TOOL* OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.—William Sandover & Co. have the well-earned reputation of having the largest and cheapest stock in the colony.—Albany, Perth and Fremantle.* TO NIGHT, TO-NIGHT, TO-NIGHT.—Will be used by nearly all citizens in Albany Evening Star Kerosene, the best brand in the market. Wholesale and retail from WILLIAM SANDOVER &CO.;, direct Importers from America.—Albany, Perth and Fremantle. ACKNOWLEDGED to be the best kerosene which leaves America, " Light of the Age." A large consignment just to hand and in stock by the undersigned; also ordinary qualities in 150 and 'iJO.—Drew, Robinson & Co. lOuc THE DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE is the cheapest and best to be had in all Australia Hand Machines at 57s. 6d. Treadle at £6 10s. Hundreds in daily use. William Sandover & Co., Albany, Perth and Fremantle. WILLIAM SANDOVER & Co., Wholesale and Retail Ironmongers, have now on hand a large stock of fencing wire, galvanised, corrugated, flat and bar iron, American buggies and express wagons, Howard's, Ransom's and Hornsby's ploughs, winnowers, chaff cutters, churns, and all dairy ntensils. A personal visit of inspection requested, which will be time well spent. Special terms to farmers. William Sandover & Co., Albany.* Do not injure your stock by buying imported crushed pe*.s, for they are usually adulterated with musty pods and loam. To make sure of a clear; article, buy direct from the JSlous Mill, Albany, where you are invited to inspect the peas and the whole process of crushing at any time. Peas are sold at 5s 6d per bushel of 601b; wheat screenings at 4s per bushel; or 5s per bushel by the sack and 3s lCd per bushel by the sack respectively. Anv quantity delivered.* CADBUKY'S COCOA. ? 