TEE. MAN IN TEE - STREET. Well, the holidays have come and gone and good luck to them. Perhaps it wasn't a very Merry Christmas to some poor devils of your acquaintance and mine, and there are some who held up their heads high enough a year.or two asro' who are cast pitilessly down bv no fault of theirs I As for 'a ha'ppy New Year, hope springs eternal in the human breast, and it would be a pity if we could not comfort ourselves with a gleam or two. The proverb telis ue .that it is a long, lane that has no. turning, and we have been 1 travelling between fences, for a precious long time; • 1892. can scarcely bring worse luck than 1891 has to some people, and it may bring a great deal better.. For my part I am always saaguine enough for half a dozen people, aud while personally I have reason for nothing but_ thankfulness for mercies received,; I nave much sympathy to spare for all who consider themselves to have been scurvily treated by fortune of late. - My own impression is, however, that there is a better time coming. The natural prosperity of the colony cannot run away, and though there may be a season of depression caused by the follies and by the crimes of mankind, the clouds will speedily lift and . the oun of prosperity again shine upon the just and the unjust alike. I think that is rather pretty, but my consciouaness_of .it is tempered by the intrusive reflection tbat.I have read something like it before, probably in one of the "seasonable" leading articles which the newspapers from the loading journal downwards inflict upon their readers at tho closo of tho year, and which are in the main intolerable and dreary productions, and as like'each other as two peas in a pod I And by way of concluding the subject let me Bay that it ill becomes the people of Sale and of Gippsland to growl. The land boom has passed them by • at any rate, the influenza has- not been utterly unbearable, and the present season,bids fair to. bo the best they have had for' many years past. There are, however, a few grumblers of the inveterate order whom I should very much like to consign—under the guise of Jews—to the tender mercies of the Emperor of Russia for a brief space. Perhaps they might then come to the conclusion that.their lines now are cast in pleasant places', and that there are worse evils than a little falling off in business or a slight stagnation in the cattle market. Talking of depression and its attendants, I must ray that I cannot understand a man who has lost a quantity of filthy lucre cutting hia throat or blowing his brains out. Probably he rose from nothing to be a millionaire on paper and—whiff—a blast comes and scatters his castle in the air to the winds. In a colony such . as this everything is possible to a man who has iost his all—his all, that is to say Bave his personal honour—if that remains he is safe. Suicides have been far too unpleasantly plentiful of late, and there does not appear to be any cure for it. Was it Sir Peter Laurie, or waa it Mr Alderman Cuts, or both, wbo announced an intention to put down suicide 1 Yet the crime of fcjo de e flourishes like a green bay tree, aod perhaps has baeu encouraged by the merciful conduct of coroners' juries, who out of- courtesy—to the relatives it may be presumed, for the poor dead clay, could not be hurt by any reflection—charitably assume that the dsfnnct was of unsound mind at the time of tha occur- rence. This pleasing fiction is at times very serviceable when the insurance money la in question, as in a recent case, and the doctors are equally complaisant, for ono only the other day said that he knew the deceased was insane,because he committed suicide. Another moving cause may be the explosion of Hamlet's .belief that the Everlaating had fixed his canon 'gainst . self- slaughter, for . thsologians fail to Arid any ordinance of tbe sort in the Scriptures 1 The Age, which does not stick at much, objects, I see, to the old practice of burying the suicide at the junction of four cross roads with a stake through hia body, to hold his unquiet ghost down, 1 suppose, but perhaps the, contemplation of coming to Buch a paBB might keep the knife or the pistol a littlo quieter than they have been for some time past in this colony of- onrs. There is one thing I note in connection with suicideit, which is that they ire so wrapped up in their own troubles that they do not mind what trouble they give other people. They go to hotels and boarding houses, and bespatter the rail el they call their brains over the walla and the furniture, or cut their throats in bad, totally heedless of the. nice clean . sheets, or drown themselves in other people's watsrholea, or even their tauks of drinking water, and generally comport themselves in a totally objectionable way. Wherefore, perhaps-the four cross roads and the stake had better be resorted to 1 I see that in several places, notably at Ballarat, the police have been receiving warm compliments for the way in which they restrained-^rowdihess on New Tear's Eve; : As regards Ballarat we may trust our old friend, Sergeant Murphy, to see that the boys did not • misbehave themselves j but, as a matter of fact, not a single arrest was made there on ithat niglit.' So much may be said for Sale, but that does not imply that there was no reason why the police should not have been on the track of a shrieking mob of -young scoundrels, who, between the hours of 1 and 3 o'clock, made night hideous with their din. They, were, bent on getting cheap drink, and when they were refused admittance ..their con? duct and language' were vile beyond description. One hotel in the town bears marks of their .indignation, the door having been attacked by some heavy instrument and battered in such a way as to spoil it, and the inmates of this place had to listen for half An hour or so to a torrent of ribaldry and abuse, which fairly horrified the landlord,.who ia no cticken.. He assured me that it waa fortunate that on this night tbe hotel coutained few visitors,-- fur.-he..woald bave-:felt himself justified in takiug a pot shot at the hulking brutes had there been lady' visitors in the place, especially as tbe police did not put in an appearance, though the clattir could have been beard a mile off. I am happy to congratulate Sir' Henry Wrixon upon his title, partly because be is an old presBman and was a very able member of the Fourth Estate, but,still more, of course, because he has .attained his position by means of conspicuous ability, It was Mr Wrixon who introduced flogging as a punishment for offenders against women and children, but hie latest achievement was bis masterly conduct of. thei case of Musgrove v. Ah Toy before the Privy Council. Sir Henry has ample means to support his rank, and, - indeed, is about: the most successful '.pressman of iny acquaintance bar one ijr two;"' 'It is ji truth'that a man can 'rise from tlie press to any position, for it ia an excellent training ground. Aa a matter of-fact, however,' the .prizes .ate outside of its scope, but pressmen for the most part are an amiableand contented lot, 1and..I never heard of a journalist being handed,' though one of the fraternity had a- deucedly' harrow squeak when he shot at a limb of- tbe laiv, and killed a publican by mistake!-, .. ..Talking,of journalists reminds me-that one' filed his schedule last week in characteristic style. His liabilities were.,set downrat £1835 12i and his assets at, nil. 'Tbut is going. ,one bett'er than':M«icus ; -Clarke, who once" called a meeting of his creditors and offered them one penny in tho pound I The remorseless cieditors, however, had too much confidence in the brains of Marcus and declined the offer much to his disguat, aud the unlucky.novelist grafted for the financiers until tbefday of his lamented death. There was a personal charm about him which even the Children of -Israel-could not quench I • Some time since they had a Church Flower show at Bombala. and at some of the stalls raffles .took.-place,'-and the ladies; were sum-' moned to the police courbiand. fined Is each with 4s 6d costs. The force of hypocrisy could ; no further go:l . It is indeed: attaining at the gnat, and swallowing the .samel. The swindling aweeps which -are held In Sydney- and the promoters of which flood' Victoria with their pernicious:,literature, are suffered unchecked while the^ambling vice as personified by the- Bombala ladies, is severely-frowned on- What a lot of humbug there is in-the world to be sure I 1-like fine'writing, especially, in newspapers where indeed I look for it wbenl want it with the.:!full .assurance "of being gratifiadi" One of 1 your.contemporariea, .the other:day: contained the account of a suicide of a young lady -whohad—so,tha account «aidr^",taken. » quantity of the arsenical preparation uaed as a vermin poison, . lauppose that the' gentleman ; who composed that.description would have fainted if it had been suggested to him that " Reugh on Rats would have been " better under. - atanded of the people I " ./There is a queer little paper-published at Bairnsdale—only three times a week in these times—whioh certainlv geta hold of some queer yarps., Some time: ago -when^a ;Suuday. trip-i was run from Bairnsdale to Sale the representative not; sthis 'paper' was, So Overcome bv the sight of tho Sale canal.that he alluded to , •it -as, a truly gigantic work I It has howhowever, dwindled down to the dimensions of a mere ditch, for its readers are: informed that as the result of the wind storm the'."Water in the Sale canal was much reduced- so much so, indeed, that at the time the Omeo left navigation of-the artificial uyer :was by jio means an. tasy 1 taslr.: J -X-Vsuppose 'tbafr" the water was blown out of the canal, but I con- 4ess;that I;._can't.credit,3the:ract !•-,',.'There was*' champion: har on one of the Wimmera news-, papers, who related that on one occasion ha camped during a high wind .by the.sidB of a lake, aud .when.he got-up 1 .-in tbe mnrning found that it was dry. the water having been blown to: a corresponding depression on the other side of the road I Perhaps this. genius has found his way;to Bairnsdale. which should ,be pwud;of!>h]m I,!;Or ,-can.-itibe-that'lie iwas the discoverer of the Nowa Nowa gold mine and of wolfram I" The Hqn J A Wallace is » sturdy: entleiha\irihaving%he Courage of'his ' bpiiiidni : f [is speech on the Opium lsill was a perfect gem find what Mr Richa d Swiveller would! have called,-a staggerer- to: the advocates of •strict temperance principles: " He might say I quote from Hansard " that he himself was opposed to the Bill If a Chinaman : wanted:to smoke opium why should be net be allowed torio sol SPlenlyof people .drank too much whiskey and he did nojt/see^liy they should .not bo .allowed to kill themselves if th y chose Why -Bhould the State be called; -sidering.that upon to interfere the: Chinese m such Were : mattarsf chaiged ^l0' 'Coi> : ii' bead before £hey-could-get into the coubtry it jra? very unfair to,tdep lve iifiem pf « Jittla .iuxury^thisyspp«ciat6a-;Wheni>fhev.:aftiv«din' the colon For his own part he had been tak Dg whiskey .all his life and he Would as - soon have his head cut off aa be prohibited from taking an more i "When a Chinaman u>Bl . deprive mm 01 teat delight .As the Honoiable John is getting^on fir 70 and •active and yigorous whiskey certainl "Mem* to jhave-agjeed VfithJum atjiny raJe < 'RABS'l'ICKi 