DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) The usual weekly meeting of the Confraternity of the Holy Family (men's branch) was held in the Cathedral on last Monday evening. There was a good attendance. In the unavoidable absence of Dr. Delany, the Bev. Fr. Logan presided. After the devotions, Fr. Logan announced the names of , the sections that were to receive Holy Communion on next Sunday. The confraternity sang the hymns, " See, within a wretched cave," and " Jesus, my Lord, my God, my All," being Accompanied on the organ by Mr. Bayley. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was- afterwards given by Fr. Logan. .' • . The annual retreat for ladies was opened on last . Monday, lit Loret'to Convent, Mary's Mount. The Pdor Sisters 4>f NazMeth thankfully acknowledge thBTebeipt'Of ' the following donations:—The Bishop of Ballarat (for the children's Christmas treat), £5 5s.; Mr. Martin Loughlin, J.P., £50; Mr. W. T. Jones, Melbourne, £10 10s.; Mr. W. Bently, Craig's Hotel, £2 2s.; Mr. J. Andrews, £2 2s. I Also Christmas presents from Mr.. Heinz, Mr. J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P.,. Miss Hoarty, Mr. Coulter, and New Year's presents from Miss M'Donald, Mr. J. Morgan, Mr. C. Olney, and toys for Christmas tree from Messrs. Snow and Boom, Horsley Bros, and Susman,. Komblum and Co. The League of the Cross have resolved to have an excursion to Geelong on the 27th inst. MAEYBOBOUGH. (From a Correspondent.) Widespread and genuine is the regret that has been occasioned throughout this parish by the announcement that has ]ust been made of the recall of the good fathers of the Holy .Ghost Order, including our revered pastor, the Rev. A. Lemire. The removal of the fathers, as far as is generally known, is in consequence of their relinquishing charge of the Catholic College at Ballarat, which they founded on their arrival three years ago. Unfortunately, two of the fine young priests that constituted the community on their arrival (Frs. Griffin and Brennan) have since been laid to rest, and the severe bereavement thus occasioned accounts, perhaps, to some extent for the recall of the remainder, whose withdrawal will be deeply regretted by all who have been witnesses of the good work in which the zealous fathers have been engaged. There is ample justification, however, for the regret which on all hands is evinced throughout this parish, for in the removal of Fr. Lemire it is sustaining a loss which it will be difficult, indeed, to repair. It is scarcely three years ago (February, 1889) since, with the authority of the Bishop of the diocese, the Very Rev. Dr. Reffd (who had charge of the order in this colony, but returned to Europe some twelve months since), invested Fr. Lemire with the custody of this parish. The young .priest at once found himself saddled with serious responsibilities— enough, indeed, to discourage others of greater experience. The new presbytery but recently completed was in debt £890. This amoiint (which was materially augmented by interest in the meantime) was paid off in April last, after the lapse of a little more than two years, and to-day a surplus of £20 stands to the credit of the presbytery account. The church, too, has undergone a thorough renovation. Necessary repairs to the roof and exterior generally have been executed, and internally it has been made one of the handsomest, most artistic, and most devotional edifices in Australia. These works have involved an outlay of £250, while another £50 to £60 has been devoted to the improve- ment of the school buildings, furniture, etc. In the other portions of the parish similar progress has been made. At Eddington a handsome church was erected and furnished at a cost of £400, and of this every penny has been paid. At Avoca a sum of £80 has been applied to the painting and decorating of the church, erecting new porch, etc. At Timor and Carisbrook new organs have been supplied to the respective churches, and various improvements effected, costing in all about £100, while £30 has been spent on the church at Amphitheatre, and from £30 to £40 has been collected towards the building fund of a new church at Majorca. In round numbers, then, £2000 has been collected by the good pastor during the three years of his administration, and applied to church purposes in the manner I have indicated. But even these facts convey but a faint idea of Fr. Lemire's labours. Sodalities of various kinds have sprung up; an efficiently staffed school has been maintained ; the Young Men's Society, which hitherto had but a nominal existence, has developed under the fostering solicitude of the good priest into a strong and useful organisation; missions have been given throughout the parish; and, in short, everything has been done that was possible to stimulate the practical devotion of the parishioners and enhance their spiritual interests. From the first J? r. Lenr- re had the earnest. cooperation of the fathers of his Order, notably, V A Tn'I "and Frs. Care£ Taohey, Croagh, and the late Fr Ir!S' (* kinsman of Ireland s poet) died soon after his arrival as coadjutor of Fr. Lemire, and his grave in the Maryborough Cemetery ££ 3 i b e e n /TK 1 * * Beautiful inonu^ ment erected by Mr.M. P. Jaguers/of «flI b ?- Ume ' to Fr - Wre' s order, £nd a < U been ! t «tedtopresehtB?. Stable testimonial pri£ it iiifertain that & substantial sum will be raised. 