, v j "lb TUB, EDITOB OF THE ¿BABBIER MINER. " SIB,-Knowing your willingness) at all times to publish letters in your fearless paper (in fact, it is the only medium, by which tho workers can make known their wrongs), I trust yon will allow me space ' for a few remarks.' I am aware thai it is not customary to critioise the actions of the police, nor do I believe in doing so, providing they keep anywhere near the limit of the power'vested in them, bub when they go too mnoh beyond the limit I claim that it is the right and duty of every citizen to criticise their actions. No doubt someone will say, Why not not make a complaint to the head of police here 1 But I think we have had a Bample of what a worker may expect from that quarter, as witness the case of Mr. Hughes. Although the head of police here may be a good officer during the piping times of peace, I must say that he and his subordinate officers have a lot to learn in regard to tho handling of a large body of police, and the management ot a large body of citizens. Their actions have made the police the laughing stock , of the town for two Saturday nights at least. For instance, a crowd of men and women had congregated near the Grand Hotel-a crowd no greater than may be ?een any Saturday night. However, an officer told eight trooper» to ride through the crowd. ' They started from the Grand 'going round in a cirole for fully half an hour, All the time being laughed at, when one of the troopers remarked, "This ia playing a game of silly b-If the troopeiB had been kept away' the /crowd would have dispersed in a very short time. Shortly after this farce had come to an end, another one was enacted in front of the Goffeo Palace, and the actions of some of the police were disgraceful, notably those of a sergeant and a trooper. Men wera pushed into the street off the sidewalk, and then rushed on to the side- walk by tho troopers' horses. One trooper tried several times to rush his horse on to the sidewalk .by sticking his spurs into the animal, but apparently the horse had more sagacity than the [rider, and refused the invitation. I : noticed one sergeant knock a man down by a blow on the back of the neck,' but he took particular care that it was a small man he hit. I take notice that it is always the small men they push about, and leave tho big ones alone. Perhaps there is something' in that. On the previous Saturday this same sergeant turned people off the footpath who were looking in shop wiudow», and pushed them about as though they were dogs On another occasion, during a heavy downpour of rain, some men took shelter in an old iron hut at the foot of Block ll, when two sergeants turned them out and took charge themselves, although they had waterproofs on. I have also heard an inspector threaten to deal with_ people, in a way they might not like, although no one had said or done anything to invite such a threat. Now I would like, to know, why some of these police, who when in Sydney could not cope with the larrikins;: who are only a small Bection of tho com» munity, when they some here amongst 6000 hard working man become very officious and treat pnople Uko dogs. ? 1 think the reason is, the larrikins dealt it out to them ; but the men at Broken Hill have been quiet and law- abiding, and the police are playing on that. I am sure they have been treated with overy respect and civility by . the.' public sioce their arrival here ; then why meet out such treatment to the public? I hive no desire to see riots or anything in that line. We have done without it so far, but if they wish to breed Nihilism and moonlight tactics here they are going the right away about it, and they should bear in mind that they are not invincible.1 You may pinch a dog's tail very often without it mapping, but you can pinch -too hard, and then ho is bound to bitei There is no doubt that some of the police are very good men and. know how to get along with the public ; others ave ovar zealoua, perhaps in view of promotion: Ii promoted, get it in a legitimate way.' Remember yon are the servants of the public as a -whole, andvnot of a'class, so try and (reit all alike. So I hope the police authorities will change their tactics before . it is too late. Thanking you in anticipation, 'v;V: ^ l am, &ó., MAXIMILIAN. , SIB,-The thanks of the community are due to you for your able leader of the 24th instant on the unfortunate strike, and I trust you will further use your able pen to put the matter èquarely before the men affected, as'they have1 boen buoyed up too long by the delusive jargon uttered daily from the trolly, by men who, .if they knew anything worth a cent, must know that they have not a ghost of a ßhow eveu to inake a draw, let alone a win. It is folly closing our eyes to the fact that the mines , are able to get all the men they require from outside. There may be some difficulty in obtaining practical mitlers, but let me remind the miners on strike that probably not one-half of them had any claim to ba such when they arrived here, and none know bettor how long it takes an intelligent and willing man to acquira sufficient knowledge to do thejwork required in the stopes. Now, the truth is generally unpalatable, but it is best in the end. Why not cry off at once, and thus put a stop to the daily importations from out- side ?, Of what avail will ali the support be when the mines are filled up by outsiders. No, Sir, if the defence committee have any generalship amongst them they will finish this unequal struggle at once, and then they will find all their energies and funds taxed to their utmost limits to help and sustain the unfortunate victims of this déplorable struggle whilst out of employment -I am, &c; BUFFERED, IN VAIN. 