Skating Carnival. Tuehiiay holiday would not have properly finished up without a cnniivtil; so Messrs. Bmeken nnd Raster miterol for the people's amusement bv piring o first, clnss Carnival. The clcnicnta trie#! to put a set on it, nnd partially succeeded- The terrific thunder, with heavy roin at iiitcrvnls prerorrietl many per sons from attending. But fouic ISOpcrsonF hmved the storms, took shelter iu the Albert llall, and enjoyed thcmBelvcs to their lienrtfi coutent. On entering, the intcriorlmd n sjil-nrlid ajipcnrftncc. I lt\e dpSsonri.ions were tiuly beautifully arranged; ! the refreaWlup preen fcriik nnd brilliant colors vof ' j the flowers formal ti most pleasing contrast. The tout ensemble evoking admiration from crcrv -one The Hall has never 3ct appeared bo pay ; at the end over the stage was a very nice design in white, letters nn scarlet cloth, " N.S.W. " with tlio IVincc of Wales' feathers In the cctitrc, and figures " 101 ' the effect was good. The whole decorations wore designed nnd j>cronally arrangcvl by Mr. Fred Hunt, late decorator of the bnnqnettiug rooiua at the Sydney Clubs, and the management must be congratulated ou scouring the services of such nn artist in that particular line. Kerr Abl at Uu. piano, seconded by Mr. Alf. Field with the violin, produced excellent, tnnsic. which at times was com pletely drowned bv the crashiup thunder nnd pelt ing rain and hail on the iron roof, but nothing etoppud the gaily drcssc/1 skaicrs and dunccrs. Some of the fancy costume were really beautiful and becoming to the wearers. The "Crow" was here, there, and everywhere. " Fairy Queen " was a very dainty drew and becoming. The " Pirate King " looked fierce, and little " llo-pecp " wad cIorc by. " Lonl Ikimlcy " condcsceudcil to cscor the " Ifousc-niaiil " and the " Royal Middy " had a charmitiplv drc«»e«l young lady in tow. The fair 'R.A.,'ftnd " Undergraduate " lookcrl real tip-top and very nice. ''Tomdor" maslicd the 14 Masher ctlc " whilst tlit 41 Masher King " played ftvl havoc with tbc heart of " Bo-pcep " "Gcoigc the first Courtier" rambled with "Starry Night" ond bo the gay and merry throng was ever on the go, forming an animated picture o moving figures, at which one never tired to look. About 10 o'clock the whole forraod lines under the direction of Mr. Raster, bended by Miss Armstrong and W. Raird, when I lie grand march tvai fairly ?uil pone through. Five gentlemen were el«iclod to judge who they considered entitled to the prizes. During a short ccssatioa of skating, Mr. Raster hadned over the prizes as follows; — Miss Armslroug, a jewel casket ; Miss Emily Sharp, for best sustained clvaractcr, silver watch ; Miss C. Savngc, best girl's fancy dress, a plush bosket; Sir. J. Fom'cxixt fancy drcs, a silk umbrella ; Sir. Frod Delency, next best drcas, silver mountml pipe. A short in terval followed and then the dancers took the floor. The below mentioned appeared in fancy cootutnc : — Slissos Cripps (B.An of tbc Sydnej Uuivcrsity), Anustrong (M:udicrcttc),Griflitlm (Night), Bcatisoti (Queen of the Fairic#), Emily Sharp (Black Crow), Grace Sharp (MatJier King), Cclia Savage (Ro- l'ccp), S. Jones (Housemaid), E. Savage, McKcn- zic, and several others In evening iln>s. Messrs. William llainl (French Guard), K. M'itcox (Roysl Miildy), V. Dclancy (Finite King), W. t'rippa (Dnivcraitj Gradunte), II. Ksgatc (Ionl Damlcy), T. Hastcr (Deaoon Skinnerand Ghost), J. Fcni (i'orridor), G.CuppIca((7ourtior of George I.), G. Brown (Ncpro), also several gentlemen in plain dresb. It )h bt.itoil that the dreadful rough night prevented about 3D patrons from being present. 