Wxt ffiarltament House of Assembly. Thdbsday, June 16. BLOCKERS' LOANS. The PBEMIEK, in reply to Mr. Bbookeb, said the whole of the money voted for loans to blockers had been appropriated, but he had no doubt the Government would anticipate the vote of the House should the occasion arise. THE NEW MINISTRY. Mr. HOPKINS, through the Speaker, asked Mr. Holder whether in the event of the present Government going out of office it is his inten tion in forming a new Ministry to take in Mr. Moule? The SPEAKER— I don't think the question is a proper one. MR. CATT IN EXPLANATION. ~ Mr. CATT said he wished to make a per sonal explanation with regard to some words he used in the course of his remarks on the pre vious evening with reference to the Commis sioner of Public Works. He recognised that he had no right to use them and they came out unintentionally. He regretted having used them and assured the Commissioner of .Pablio Works that he had no intention of doing so. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS said he accepted the apology of the hon, member. Mr. Catt and he had been friends for years, and he naturally felt piqued at the use of the words mentioned. He accepted the apology as generously as it was given. (Hear, hear.) MR. PARSONS AND OFFICE. The Hon. J. L. PARSONS asked Mr. Holder to say if he had ever offered him (Mr. Parsons) a portfolio? Mr. HOLDER could say very candidly that he had never offered the hon. member any such position. The TREASURER— Have you ever had one to offer ? (Laughter.) THE NO-CONFIDENCE DIVISION. Mr. HOLDER asked whether the Govern ment were prepared to take a division on the no- confidence debate before the House rose that evening ? The PREMIER replied that the Govern ment were prepared to sit as long as the House wished for the purpose of doing so. FORMAL ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. The CHIEF SECRETARY, to Mr. Cas TUTE — In view of certain vacancies having taken place, and being about to take place, in the Military Department, it is his inten tion to take action as will decrease the military expenditure for the coming year. In reply to Mr. Ash— The attention of the Government has been directed to a paragraph in the South Australian Advertiser of March 31, 1892, stating that at a meeting of the com missioners of the National Park 'permission was granted to the Glenelg Congregational school to have a picnic in tbe park on Satur day next.' It is not necessary for persons desiring to picnic in the National Park to obtain permission before doing so until by laws have been made and approved under section 7 of the National Park Act, 1891. ARTIFICIAL MANURES. The ATTORNEY- GENERAL, to Mr. CALDWELif—During recess I have, according to promise, ascertained the nature of the legisla tion which obtains under other Governments for protecting the purchasers of artificial manures against fraudulent adulterations, with the following results : — No laws are in force in Germany or France dealing specially with the sale of fertilisers, and frauds are but ineffec tually checked under the laws relating to the ' adulteration of food and merchandise.' No laws are in force in the adjacent colonies. A Bill for the better prevention of frauds in the sale of artificial manures was introduced in the House of Commons in England in June, 1891, but did not become law. Legislation has been enacted in 24 American states regulating the sale of fer tilisers with a view of protecting purchasers against fraud. In reply ,to Mr. Osman — The returning-officer informs me that it is the pre vailing practice before the general elections take place to see that a copy of the electoral roll is sent to- every country post-office, and in structions will Joe given to forward .rolls to institutes. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS, to Mr. Ash— Mr. Strawbridge re signed his position as chairman of the South Eastern Land Board a week after his appoint ment to that position, in January last, because he was inadvertently appointed to that position. In reply to Mr. J. R. Kelly — 1. I have con sented to the sub- letting of portion of miscel laneous lease held by Mr. McConrille, in the hundred of Kuitpo. 2. The terms of consent are that the lessee is responsible for rent and compliance with the conditions of his lease. 3. The amount of rent the lessee obtains or is to obtain from sub-tenants was not stated. 4. In the event of resumption or for feiture the lease granted to Mr. McConville to sub-tenants would cease. 5. The land that is sub-let could have been resumed if applied for, but payment would have been due for any improvements made by lessees. In reply to Mr. Gillen— The only instructions issued to the Central Land Board were with regard to certain lands in the hundred of Stuart, upon which the Water Conservation Department had constructed reservoirs not now required for travelling stock, on which ex penditure the Water Conservation Depart ment required. 5 per cent, interest if land is leased or cash if land is sold to recoup loan, and the Land Board was instructed accordingly by mThe COMMISSIONER' of PUBLIC WORKS, to Mr. Gouro— L. No steps have been taken to extend the Sewage Fatm further northward. 2. The Colonial Surgeon has re ported that the Islington site is not rendered unhealthy by the neighborhood of the Sewage Farm. In reply to Mr. Caldwell— 1. The Rail way Commissioners report : — 'Until a heavier railissubstituted and thenew engines calculated for speed are delivered most of the trains on the narrow gauge lines are running at as high a speed as they should, with due regard to economy and safety.' 2. The Government do not propose to legislate for trains to run at a higher rate of speed this session. In reply to Mr. Hack — The assessment of property by Land Tax Department last year of unimproved land purchased from Mr. Tolley at Happy Valley was £402. There was an appeal 'lodged against assessment, but it was informal and therefore could not be con sidered. ITHE NO-CONFIDENCE DEBATE. Sentimental Oppositionists said on Thurs day ' See Providence has sent rain ; now there is a certainty of getting rid of the Play ford Government.' Sympathisers with the other side retorted 'Heaven weeps over the office-seeking of the Opposition.' What ever the showers prognosticated they had little effect on the attendanca either in the House or beyond the bar. Ladies even faced the inclement weather, while the sterner sex were present in sufficient force to fill all the seats provided for their accommodation. The dulness of the sky was so great that there was no hope of its being illumined by the brightness of the debate, and so it happened that the electric light appeared before the advent of the Speaker. When Mr. Caldwell got well to work, however, it confidently faded away again and came back with the Attorney-General. The Legislative chamber looked very cosy and comfortable under the glow, while the sense of luxury was accentuated by the fact that there were very few vacant spaces in any part of the handsome halL The Upper House was not sitting, and early in the afternoon Mr. Copley was the only member who came down from 'another place' to listen to the noise of combat in the Assembly. Later on, however, Messrs. Haslam, Charleston, Guthrie, Kirkpatrick, O'Loghlin, Baker, Magarey, Gordon, and Ward showed their faces, while several ex members of the Assembly smelt the battle afar off, and came to see the fun. There were very few questions or notices, but apologies and explanations filled up the first five minutes of the sitting. Mr. Catt, amid general cheers, expressed regret for accusing the Commissioner of Public Works of 'arrant stupidity,' and the amende was accepted 'as generously as it was offered.' Then Mr. Parsons sought through the Speaker the assurance of Mr. Holder that he had never been offered the post of Minister of Education. ' I never offered it, nor did the honorable member ask it,' promptly responded the leader of the Opposition, while the Treasurer appositely enquired — 'Have you ever had it to offer ?' Next Mr. Hopkins sought to interrogate Mr. Holder as to his intentions with reference to Mr. Moule supposing the motion were carried. The Speaker, however, came to the assistance of the questioned by a ruling that the query was an improper one. Just more than two-thirds of the members of the Assembly were present at 10 minutes past 2, when Mr. Caldwell rose to speak of the ' grave issue at stake' in connection with the debate then in progress. He thought that the leader of the Opposition had been indefinite in his charges, but could not congratulate the other side on their openness during recess or in the Governor's speech. He compared politics to a game of cards, but promptly ex plained, lest the elect should be shocked, that he did not know one card from another. ' And yet we have free education !' inter jected Mr. Ash, with an air of sad surprise. After a somewhat lugubrious reference to the death of the Duke of Clarence, Mr. Caldwell suggested that the success of the flotation of Treasury bills, although it showed the confidence of capitalists in the country, led to the idea that much money, was lying idle in the banks which ought to be put to good use. He complained that, as chairman of the Pastoral Commission, he had been badly treated by the Govern ment, who had nob told him what their pastoral legislation was to be, although they showed the Bill to another member, who had given him a very disappointing account of its contents. 'It was not ehown for criticism, bub to prove that we had the BUI ready,' was the Premier's rejoinder, which caused much laughter. - - 'Ah,' said Mr. Bartlett, looking regretfully at his late colleague, 'I wish I could initiate more of the farmer and less of the squatter into you.' The member forOnkaparinga then bestowed high praise on Mr. Homburg, whom tha Premier approvingly patted on the back. He also expressed regret that Mr. Kingston had not waited till he had an opportunity of leading for himself, as nature had most highly qualified him for that position. He was very severe on Mr. RounsevelTs transference to 'the office of Treasurer, and reminded Mr. Playf ord that two years ago he had said 'there would have been a howl all through the country' if the member for Port Adelaide W6re made Treasurer, as he is a bank director. ' ' The four steps' hays caused me to distrust the Government,' said Mr. Caldwell, to which Mr. Bartlett added with emphasis, ' They led to perdition.' For a long time Mr. Caldwell's vote seemed hanging in the balance, and Ministerial faces; fell, while the Opposition rippled over with smiles, when just as he sat down at 3 o'clock he announced that he would support the amend ment. 'A dissolution should result,' said Mr. Johnson, and his colleague expressed thorough agreement with this view, adding that after a second no-confidence motion which should dis place Mr. Holder's team a Ministry would be formed which would do credit, to itself and to the country. This caused a sensation. The Attorney-General was the next speaker, andhisutterance, which was thus far the longest) of the debate, was characterised by much fervid vigor. He claimed that Mr. Caldwell was nob justified in his accusations, and stated that tha only thing the Cockburn Government had done for the dairying industry was to buy machinery on which the hens now roosted aft the Roseworthy Agricultural College. He had always been in favor of the four steps of the Playford policy, and he would see them carried some day. He asked whether any previous Ministry had ever had to face so many no-confidence motions in so short a time? ' There were never such a hungry lot on tha other side before,' said Mr. Kingston. ' Nor so weak a Ministry on yours,' com* merited Mr. Lamshed. 'If the Ministry are weak the sooner they are out of existence the better,' agreed Mr. Homburg. 'Oh, you have struggled on a long time,' added Mr. Howe. The Attorney-General, continuing, said he would support Mr. Holder's Government if he were successful and if it contained no rats. Crisismongering was a public calamity, and public business could not go on in.the face of no-confidence motions. ' Why did you not think of that when you turned out the Cockburn Government?' en quired Mr. O'Loughlin, to which Mr. Homburg rejoined amid derisive laughter, 'Things wera different then.' The report of the third Ministerial great gun having died away, Mr, O'Loughlin rose to express his pleasure that retribution was coming on the Ministry. The drought had broken up, the Government was about to be broken up, and the country would soon have peace under a Cabinet who would attend to it3 duties instead of wandering away to India oc Japan. Mr. Miller, as all expected, promised to help the Government in their last struggle, while Mr. Broqker pointed out that ib was'the.men on tha Ministerial side of the House who had begun the faction fighting. He proclaimed tha consistency of the Cockburn Government, and his faith in Mr. Holder's ability and integrity. He reiterated his belief in elective Ministries, and the Premier suggested that he should add an amendment to that effect to the Governor's speech. 'Will you join my Ministry?' asked Mr. Bartlett, but Mr. Brooker ignored the remark, and went on to say that he was quite prepared to [introduce the progressive land tax if thati could be done as a private member, while he recognised no leader but his own convictions. South Australia, he claimed, is a bind oE freedom. ' To a certain extent,' commented Mr. Ash. ?'The Ministry are my friends, and if they go out I wish them luck,' was Mr. Brooker'a concluding remark. 'A safe passage and a quick return, eh?.' enquired Mr. Kingston. Mr. Brooker sat down at half-past 5, and therewasasolemnjdlence. ' Have I squashed the debate?' he said. Mr. Solomon, however, stepped into the breach, but gracefully retired when he saw Mr. Gould was ready to fill up time. The member for West Torrens saidgMr. Stock's speech last year was so applicable to the present occasion that he could not refrain from using it now. Some remarks from Mr. Grainger evoked the interjection that) there would be no attempt to imitate him. 'If you did you'd make a colossal failure oE it,' answered Mr. Grainger. 'I'm not enough of a clown,' agreed Mr. Gould, . who was startled by the response, ' No, you are too much of a fool ! As' the reading of Mr. Stock's speech was continued some one cried out, 'O, givensyour own views;' and another antiphonicaUy re plied, - ? ' He hasn't got any. ' ' Oh, that won't take long,' said Mr. Gould, replying to the first interjection, and there was a meaning laugh. Again quoting from his text he read that members were not sent into the House to do various time- wasting things. ' Nor to read other persons' speeches,' inter polated Mr. McPherson. ' Oh, we have not heard the honorable mem ber's voice yet,' answered Mr. Gould. ' When you do I hope I shall make a better use of it,' was the crushing rejoinder, and after a solemn aesevertion that he had not made a penny out of Commissions Mr. Gould eat down. At 6 o'clock there was again a risk oE the amendment being put, and the Government whip had to begin a speech in real earnest. He spoke of the tricks and dodges which wera resorted to by the Opposition to get votes; 'You daren't vote as you like' said Mr. Stock, and this extracted the retort that in hi3 hunger for the Attorney-Generalahip Mr. Stock had gone over to the Opposition, although a few weeks previously he had pro fessed his friendship to the Ministry. * ' That is absolutely contrary to fact,' said Mr. Sbook, and Mr. Solomon added ' Why it is an open secret in the hands of the public.' ' You sold yourself for the salary of whip' was the next compliment. ' Yes, and if the Government had got rid oE a certain hoary-headed and noble-bearded official you would be Crown Solicitor instead of occupying a seat in the House.' 'Why not give us £1^000 a year all round and save all this ?' asked Mr. Hopkins. Then Mr. Solomon justified himself againsb a charge of ratting, and protested that he would not entice members into corners and sly lanes to magnify their grievances and talk them out of their votes. He would not aueak round and pour poison into different ears as the half dozen Opposition whips did. 'You have a very high opinion of your fellow-members,' said Mr. Lamshed, while Mr. Stock, in a very loud whisper interjected — 'Oh, don't mind him, he's only fighting for his screw !' This drew forth a comparison of Mr. Stock to a 'human gnat ora mosquito,' and immediately afterwards Mr. Solomon solemnly expressed his intention nob to indulge in personalities, a remark which brought a hearty burst of laughter. Just as the temperature was rising to an uncomfortable degree of heat the Speaker vacated his chair and members rushed off to their dinners. When Mr. Solomon returned he was in a more contented humor, and the air of debate was much clearer. The main en trances of the Parliament buildings were con gested with eager electors waiting for a chance to get seats, which were at a high premium. There was a close cram above the clock, many persons having to stand. In the Speaker's gallery, too, tha crush was very great, and all the aisles were filled, ladies being especially numerous. Again, however, there was plenty of room in the Legislative Council where Mr. Addison and Mr. Copley were for several hours alone. There was a general hint that the crisis was at hand in the faces of the actors and the specta tors of the drama. Mr. Solomon had a very attentive audi tory despite the fact that he kept the House listening for an hour and a half. He areued that as he had Buffered martyrdom for six months in having to keep his mouth shut while members talked twaddle he should now be allowed to have his swing. Shortly afterwards he accused tha Opposition of cowardly silence, and Mr. Grainger retorted — ' ' You're talking enough for the whole House.' Mr. Horn rather startled members'' by stating that till Wednesday he was' an Oppositionist, but now he had transferred hia allegiance to the Government. He had sought certain pledges from Mr. Holder, and thosa notbeing forthcoming hehad asked to be relieved from his promise to support the Opposition. This was generously given. 'And now the other side don't want you,' said Mr. Bartlett, and much laughter followed. 'I once had the laudable ambition oE becoming a Minister of the Crown' — 'God forbid !' said Mr. Bartlett — ' but I recognise that my old time free-trade and capitalistic notions are against me,' was the concluding sentiment of Mr. Horn, who at the beginning of his speech had caused much amusement by suggesting that the member for Light had been selected to make the pessimistic speech at »ha opening of * the debate en the advice of Cardinal Newman who wrote — Lead. Mnoly Light, Amid the encircling gloim. Mr. Lamshed in a sprightly speech gave the Commissioner of Public Works a very uncom fortable half hour, while he sat down with a pood humored ' Goodby to the Government.' His colleague followed, and said that while ha was of the opinibrj that Mr. Horn was voting with theOpposiiionhe had no diffioaity in stick ing to Plaj ford, bnt now he was puzzled which In the course of a very disjointed harangue Mr. Bartlett, who received his hint of vice royaltiy from the presence of extra aide-de-camp Jjieutenant- ColonelCkjrdon. intheSpeaker's gal ltry, found fault with the Governor for not visit ing Yorke'e Peninsula and the areas, and be cause his Excellency did not invite farmers and their wives to Government House, whioh seemed to be reserved for. squatters. He was proceeding to say sodjlb uncomplimentary things of Lord KintK-re, when the Speaker ordered him to take his yeatu ' I will not !' he said obstinately. ' I insist upon it, and I will compel the ton. member to do bo,' was the Speaker's dignified and firm response. 'How will you do bo? I won't sit down,' persisted the bad boy. 'Then I shall be reluctantly compelled to take a comae which I have never adopted before and name the hon. member as guilty of disorderly conduct. I call upon the Premier to do his duty.' The Premier seemed very reluctant to do his duty, and the Chief Secretary sought to inter pose, bnt the Speaker was resolute, and even tually Mr. Playford had to tell the recalcitrant cumber for Yorke'a Peninsula that he must either apologise or risk most terrible penalties. }'« apologised. Matters went on very peacefully then for a while and little of a startling character oo cui red until Mr. Grainger was referred to aa an individual with a mouth like a rhinoceros and limbs like a giraffe. Then and there a list of personalities was indulged in. Mr. Moule was described in moat uncomplimentary terms, and Mr. Bartlett even went so far as to threaten to oppose, him at Minders. Other members, too, were treated inasimilar manner, and then — in the presence of the Chairman, who sat in the Speaker's gallery — the erratic member for Yorke'a Peninsula entered on a vivid attack on the Railway Commis sioners, advancing from them to other civil officials of high grade. Mr. Bartlett had been tip for two hours and twenty minutes and seemed good for another hour when the Government whip insinuatingly slipped a note into his hand and he sat down. Then at eight minutes before midnight Mr. Kingston rose, and the House, which had been thinned by previous talkers, rapidly filled, mot members ranging on the Opposition benches where they could best hear. Eager ness was everywhere apparent, for all knew that the speech of the debate was coming. For ten minutes more than an hour Mr. Kingston spoke with a fiery energy which at times rose to moving eloquence. It was an independent speech which during its whole course held the rapt atten tion of the House. He indignantly repudiated the charge of inconsistency levelled against him by the other side, and hotly affirmed that for eleven years his career had been one of perfect honesty. He pointed to the excellent work which had been done by Governments with which he had been associated, and challenged the Opposition to prove that he had not always been staunch and true to the principles he originally advocated. He had been in Parliament and in office to his own hurt; but he would a hundred times sooner be the lieutenant of Mr. Playford and know that he had done him no wrong than accept the highest position in the land and feel that he had not been true. He spoke with fervor of the unworthy action of the deserters of the Government, and said the Ministry were going out— but with drums beating and banners flying. Then he turned fiercely on the alleged traitors. He doubted if Mr. Stock would have the pluck to take office even now, as the execration of the country would follow Bach a shameless action. Then there was Mr. Handy side, whosedefeetionwascaased by his own accession to office ; Mr. Moule, too, who wasaregular Warwick, who was never faithful to any party. Warming up as he proceeded Mr. Kingston spoke with indignant sorrow of the attitude of the labor party, whom he accused of the blackest ingratitude that ever disgraced any body of men. la storm and sunshine he had been faithful to them, and when he asked their support they refused it. He bad joined Mr. Playford because the Premier was worried and needed a holiday, and he knew he was looked to for help. After all he had done in in dustrial matters, the men for whom he worked tried to turn him out with discredit. Mr. Holder supported black labor and free-trade, both of which were condemned by the classes he had labored for, for whom Mr. Holder had done nothing. 'Yet the working classes go against the Government and me,' said Mr. Kingston with intense feeling, 'and this proves mat Mr. Holder is playing the game of the labor parly, and that he is willing to abandon bis principles to gain their votes. Therefore I say ours is the defeat, but the great moral victory.' Mr. Kingston sat down amid great cheering, strangers in the upper gallery, and even several members in the Assembly Chamber, loudly clapping their hands. Mr. Moule followed. He replied to Mr. Kingston for a space of half an hour, and then a cheer greeted the advent into the debate of Mr. McPherson, who spoke with calm deliberation and with much fluency and clear ness. As was expected he opened with a refe rence to black labor, and announced his oppo sition to the introduction of alien races of all kinds. Why was not a conference suggested and a protest uttered, he asked, when the Ministry first heard from Sir Samuel Griffith of his intention to reintroduee ira.im.Tnia into Queensland? The House was weary but attentive, and the benches gradually filled as Mr. McPherson proceeded, the audience in the galleries, and especially in the upper tier, listening as to a champion. Two labor members of the Council — Messrs. Kirk patrick and Guthrie — were in the Legislative Council seats, their companions being Dr. Campbell and Mr. Gordon, the latter of whom, if report be true, is to be a member of the next Government. ladies, too, sat out the debate with apparent interest, and at half-past 1 the benches on the right showed a goodly sprink ling of the disfranchised sex From black labor Mr. McPherson passed on to other matters and wound up by the affirmation that those who thought the pro greesive land tax was dead would find out their mistake at the next election. The mem ber for East Adelaide spoke for 40 minutes, and his utterances created a very favorable impression in the House. Mr. Stock came next and he expressed the opinion that to-morrow Mr. Kingston, who had offended his best friends, would be sorry for the unkind tilings he had uttered. For a time it appeared as if the two solicitors would come to serious feud, but the thundercloud passed over before any one had been injured. At 20 minutes to 2 the last bolt of the Ministry was hurled by the Commissioner of Public Works, who entered upon a vigorous and effective defence of his department. He was especially hard on Mr. Grainger, in whom he thought there were some honorable streaks, although those of the other sort predominated, He also dropped down heavily upon Mr. Lamshed and some other critics who were evidently possessed more prejudice than information. He regretted that the Govern ment whip had, by implication, accused public officers of the treacherous jdivulgement, and he felt it his duty to contradict such an assumption. Mr. Jenkins poured forth earnest declamation for 20 minutes less than two hours, and though the House at the end of his speech was both sleepy and languid he was yet re warded by hearty cheers. It was now nearly half-past 4, but the galleries were still filled, while ladies sit patiently on, though here and there companions snored about them. In the strangers' gallery -especially there was a wakeful crowd, and one was tempted to ask with Macaulay, ' Have ye no crafts to mind at home that hitherward ye stray?' According to a witty journalist, it is the ghosts of deceased jurymen who people this enclosure, and truly the superhumanly solemn faces of the occupants suggest that there is truth in this ghastly suggestion. In the Assembly itself there were 22 members, of whom Messrs. Homburg and Gould slept com fortably, while other legislators reclined in a half somnolent state. At 4 o'clock copies of The Advertiser were distributed in the cham ber, and Messrs. Blacker, White, Castine, and TWiUnr were soon busily buried in their con tents. There they read & forecast of the divi sion, not taken till two hours afterwards, which was exactly accurate both ae to names and numbers. At 4.23 a.m. Mr. Ash resumed a speech at the point where he left off on December 17 last, when the Speaker declined to allow him to criticise certain land transactions of the Playford Government in. connection with the Appropriation BilL He made great fond of no-confidence motions, and said while the Opposition tried to prove the Government and their supporters to be unblushing scoundrels, ?the other side alleged that the Opposition had ?only escaped the gallows by a defect of the Jaw. Unfortunately, he added, the general pnblic believed both these statements. The Chief Secretary, he said, had evinced enough indignation to blow a ship along; but he yet did not look upon the leader of the Govern ment as sufficiently sublime to lead him to sink bis individuality, nor did he admire Dr. Cook bum Buffieleatly to substitute that gentleman's judgment for his own. He had assisted at five of these entertainments, but this was the slowest of the iat, as there was no principle at Stake. The whip nad no influence with him, and indeed he Joakednpon that official as a 'legalised nuisance/' B P*- Cockburn had introdnoedtheamendatent in the interest of the progressive land tSX he would have felt mote inclined to support I& 'Mr. Kingston,' added _Mr. Ash,- 'has been the wetnurse of the Ministry and from him they have drawn' their nourishment, it was largeness of heart and no* Jargeness of bead whieh had kept him true to Mr. Play ford. and private frieadabip was plaCb3 above public considerations.' 'Hear, bear,' eaid Me Brooker, Mr. Ash then spoke of '«ae atrocious and in excusable breach of fa^th of the Ministry on the Sunday closing Question, whereat Mr. Hopkins fervently abided a cheer, and he then proceeded to defend bis colleague against office seeking. Mr. A^h subsided at a quarter to 6 after a talk of -jO minutes, and then Mr. Hack arose with a promise of succinctness, which was At € o'clock there w=re 62 persons in the Strangers' Gallery, 16 ontheleft of the Speakers' Gallery, of whom five were ladies, and 18, in cluding Messrs. Kirkpatrick, Guthrie, Copley, Gordon, and a prominent member of the National Defence League on the other side. In the Assembly were 23 members in a more or less somnolent condition, and as Mr. Hopkins rose to verbally murder somebody, everyone settled himself down to more com fortable slumber. The Ministerial 'barracker' from Port Adelaide only spoke for 20 minutes, and the Queen's English was the only thing he slaughtered. He boasted of re presenting * the most populous of South Australian constituencies, in which he said he had beaten Mr. Kirkpatrick in 1S87 and Mr. Charleston in 1890, while he was prepared to vanquish the best labor man that could be sent next year. He had not intended to vote at all in this division, but lest he should be accused of cowardice he would help the Government, against whom he was surprised that the labor candidates had the conscience to vote. On the subject of colored labor Mr. Hopkins summed up thus — 'As to Chinamen, it's well known Fd hang the lot of them.' Mr. Hooper was the thirty-fourth and last speaker of the debate, and he only occupied five minutes in setting forth his reasons for distrust ing the Ministry. If he was getting experience in nothing else, he said he was finding out all about no-confidence motions, but he argued that the tergiversation of the Government warranted the assaults of the Opposition. \- When the member for Wallaroo sat down at 6.21 a.m. there was no member ready to con tinue the talk, and the Speaker proceeded to put the amendment. The volume of 'Noes' appeared to be the loudest, but a division showed that there were 24 votes for Mr. Holder and 20 for the Government, in addi tion to four sets of pairs. The announcement of victory was greeted with loud cheers, which Mr. Grainger led in a truly enthusiastic fashion. When the vote was taken there were still five ladies present, while all the galleries were well filled, and everyone seemed suddenly to spring wide awake. The address in reply as amended having been agreed to further 'consideration of the Governors speech was adjourned till Tuesday, to which day all other business was also postponed, and at 6.30 a.m. everything was over. The galleries soon emptied, and legislators living in town speedily. sought their homes, but politicians who nail to catch the morning trains assembled in the smoking-room to chat and rest until it was time to saunter to the railway station. 