IBISHFAIBIES. . - g-;. • . - -• Ghosts and gohlins -s£tll Jive and rtile in the imaginations^if uitiumerahl£ : iri£l< ingn and women, and tiot maftjy ihrernote jfefes, bnt close even K'fi^ciC^' ^ is^iiali Westward among the deep bajnr imd.'mountain valleys of Sligothat I"tave heard tte'Vest tales and found, the' dost- ardent . belief. There, many.a peasant'dretais of gttwing rich by finding a fury's crock of gold, and many a peasant's daughter trembles as she passes some famous haunted hillside, and goes over in her mind the names of men and women carried off, as tradition win fame it, to the dim kingdom. Only very recently one of these fabled robberies was reported to have been attempted^ A. little girl, who was at service with a farmer in the Tillage of Grange, suddenly disappeared. There was at once great excitement in the neighbourhood, because it was rumoured that the fairieshad taken her; & villager was said to have long Struggled to hold her from them, but^at last :they prevailed, and lie found nothing in his hand but a broomstick. The local constable was applied, to; and he at once instituted,a honsc-to-house seiaich, and at die same time advised the people to bom all the bucalanhs (ragweed) on the fidd she vanished, from, beeausebucalamisare sacred to the fairies. They spent the whole night burning them, . the constable repeating spells the while.', In-the morning the little girl was found, the story goes, wfindehng in the field. Slie^aid the fairies had taken beaway a great' distairte, riding'on a fairy horse. At last die saw a big rnfer, and the man who tried, to keep her from being carried off was drifting dowp it—such are the topsyturvydoms of fairy glamour — in a cockleshell. Brides and new-bom children are especially in danger. Peasant' mother^, too, are sometimes carried off to' nurse the children -of the fairies. At the end of seven years they have-a chance of returning, and if ; they do not escape then are always prisoners! A woman, said Blitl.to be living, was taken from near a village! called. Ballisodara, and when she came home sfterseren years she had no toes—she'had danced them off.—Wi B. Teais, iniMMMtari lEBntri- ? ? 