; AMUSEMENTS. Y Mr. Walter Bentley will begin a season in / Sydney at the Garrick Theatre to night, V opening in " Hamlet." The season is limited to five weeks, "Richelieu," "The Hells," ' "The Merchant of Venice" and "David 1 Garrick " and " Cramond Brig " (a double bill) being among the plays in Air. Bcntlcy's 4 repertoire. For the performance of " Ham. ' let " to-night the cast is as follows : — Hainlet, Mr. Bentley; Claudius, Mr. G. R. Ireland; Polonius, Mr. Lachlan McGowan ; Laertes, Air. H. R. Roberts; Horatio, Mr. Hurry Hill; Tho Ghost, Air. W. South; First Gravcdigger, Mr. W. F. Clitherow ; Queen Gertrude, Aliss Watt-Tanner; Osric, Miss Grace Hamilton ; and Ophelia, Aliss Laura Hansen. Thus Mr. Bentley has a strong cast, and as his Hamlet has been warmly praised, the performance generally promises to be an excellent one. New scenery has liccn painted for the occasion by Messrs. Grist and Vaughan. Air. Bentley s version of "Hamlet," it may be explained, plays , " well within three hours. The box-plan is at Nicholson's. The production of " Alasks and Faces " by Airs. Bernard Bcere and her company at the Theatre Royal is a successful move, artisti- cally and . commercially. Airs. Becre's Beg Wellington is practically a new performance in this city, for the memory of the very oldest inhabitant does not knoiv of an actress who has played the part with such excellent humor as Airs. Beere plays it in every aspect, from the stately satire of a re fined greenroom to the merry jigging scene in Triplet's garret. Air. .Standing's admir able impersonation of Triplet, (inado up apparently with lively memories of _ Toole), AI. Alarius' Pomander, and Mr. J. F. Catli- cart's Colloy Gibber arc other noticeable performances, though the cast is exceed ingly strong everywhere. "Fedora" will be produced on Wednesday. At the Criterion Theatre the reign of squarecoat comedy is rapidly drawing to an end, for " The Country Girl and the pretty little sentimental tritlc, "Aly Little Girl," which precedes it, must be withdrawn on Wednesday, to give place to Air. W. S. Gilbert's comedy "Engaged." Alessrs. Brough and Bouoicault's lease of the theatre is limited to a few more nights, and there will be at least a short interval (luring which the firm will not bo represented in the Sydney theatres. Miss Billic Barlow and her merry company maintain an astonishingly strong hold upon public favor, and play to large audiences at Her Majesty's nightly. Tho many funny ways of "Little Jack Sheppard" do not appear to have staled with custom, and Miss Billio Barlow's original songs are still de manded peremptorily and vociferously by the occupants of the gallery. Air. Royco's unctuous and irresistibly humorous represen tation of Blueskiu is in itself an attraction. "Randolph, the Reckless" is in preparation. Mr. J. 0. Williamson's Royal Comic Opera. Company will begin a season at Her Majesty's Theatre 'on June 18. Among the operas new to Sydney which will be produced are " La Cigale," " Alarjorie," and probably " The Alerry Monarch." The revivals will include " Dorothy" and " The Gondoliers." In " La Cigale," the production of which is to be one ; of the finest ever seen in Australia, Miss Marie Halton will make her first appearance as Marton, and Air. Williamson himself also | plays in tho opera. 'Two new artists will make their debut during tiie season—Mr. George Latiri, who plays the 'arts with which Mr. Elton was so long identified, and Air. Allan Alorris, a baritone. For the rest tho company will includo all the artists who ; have made their names popular in connection with it. f Tho Fislc Jubilee Singers, incorporated with the Virginia Concert Company, will begin a season in Sydney at the Centenary- ! hall on Saturday next. The plan of the reserved scats and tickets is at W. H. > Paling and Co.'s. Mr. Harry Rickards, who lias had a fairly successful season of four weeks at the Garrick Theatre, bade a temporary farewell to the Sydney public last night. The fact : that this wa3 the popular "character vocalist's" last appearance for a time, and that the programme prepared for digestion was particularly crisp, attracted a bumper bouse. Every part of the little theatre was crowded, and by an audience most generous and unstinted in its applause. Mr. Rickards intends returning to Sydney as soon as liis " dates" will allow. Business at the School of Arts during the week has been good, the latest " bill of fare" provided being Mr. Tracey's Vaudeville Minstrel and Variety Company, apparently i (suiting the public to a "T. Most success ful in their " turns " have been the Sisters Sherwood, stars of the song and dance, par- i ticularly tho dance ; Alessrs. Al'Kisson and | ' Kearns, the clever " knockabout artistes ;" Mr. Fred Garnett, clown ; Miss Isabel Stuart, vocalist and lianjoist; and the wonderful ' Godayou Tokio Japanese troupe (seven in j I number). A new programme, in which these 1 artistes as well as the rest of the company j ' will appear in fresh acts, will be submitted : i to-night. There will he the usual matinee j ' performance. j Tho cyeiorama of the Battle of Gettysburg ! ' will bo open, as usual, to-day from. 10 a. in. to 10 p.m. Descriptive lectures will be given at ; 12 noon, 3 and 8 p.m., and in the evening '! thero will be a concert. : Mr. Wylmrd, of the Bondi Aquarium, will havo things in order for those persons who i journey out to this pleasure resort this after- ! noon. At 3 o'clock there will be a variety ontertainment in the main ball ; from 10 sum. to 6 p.m. the standard attractions will be "at home." Thero will he the usual organ recital at the Centennial-hall to-inght. A popular concert has been arranged by Air. E. J. Masscy, in aid of tho Y.M.C. A. mission work, to take place on Tuesday next in tho Association-hall. A number of leading i artists have given tbeir services, amongst them being the Sydney Banjo and Guitar I Socioty under Air. if. R. Peol. 