. THE SORCERESS. / ; Br MRS. . OLIPHANT, . ' Author of "The Chronicles of Cabling i ford," "'Whitelauiks," "Adam Graeme," \- &o.; All Bights Reserved. Chatter XYni. This night was tho strangest in Bee Kings- ward's life. Sho had never known what it was to remain silont and awake in tho darkness and \- warmth of a eiok room, which of itself is a atrango experienoe for a girl, and shows tho young spirit its own weakness, its oraving for reHt and com fort, the difficulty of overcoming tiio instiucts of naturo — with suou a sense of humiliation as nothing else oould give. Could yon not watch with mo ono hour ? Sho believed that she had lain awake crying all night when hor dream. of happiness had so suddenly been broken in upon at Cologne; but now, whilo sho sat by hor mother's sido, and the little soft crooning of the song which Mrs. Kingswnrd supposed herself to he singing to put hor child to sleep sank into a soft murmur, and tho poor lody succeeded in hushing herself into a doze by this characteristic method— Boo's head drooped too, and her eye lids closed. Then sho woko witli a little shiver to seo tho largo figuro of Moulsey like a ghost by tbo bod, and struggled dumbly baofe to hor 80ii8bs, only remembering that she must not start nor ory to disturb Mrs. Kingsward, whoso quick breathing filled tho room with a sensation of danger and dismay to which tho girl was sensible as soon as the film of sleep that had cnvoluped her was brokon. Mrs. Kingsward's head was thrown baok on tho pillow, now aud then a faint note of the lullaby which sho had been singing came from tho parted lips through whioh tho hot quick breath came so audibly. Now and then sho stirred in her feverish sleep. Moulsey stood indistinguishable with her hack to the light, a mass of solid shadow by the bed- sido. She shook har head. "Sloop's best," sho Baiil in the whisper whioh the patient hated. " Sleep's better than the best of physio." Bee caught those solid skirts with a sensation of liopo to fcol tlicm, so real nnd substantial in her hand. Sho did not oaro to speak, but lifted her fnco palo with alarm and trouble to the accus tomed nurse. Moulsey shook iior head again. It was all tho communication that pasBod between them, and it crushed tho hope that was begin ning to riso in Bco's mind. Sho had thought whon she hoard tho dootor go away that death might be coming as soon as his hack was turned. Siic hail felt when her mother foil asleep as if the danger must be passed. Now sho sank into that second stage of hopoiessness, when there is no longer any immediuto panic, when tho un accustomed intelligence dimly realises that the suiforer may be better, and may livo through the night, or through many nights, and yet there may bo no real change. Very dim as yet was this consoiousness in Beo's lionrt, and yet the first dawning of it bowed her down.'- In the middle of the night, after hours so long 1 — moro liko years, when Bee seemed to have sat there half her life,- to bavebcoorao used to it, to bo uncertain about ovorything outside, .but only that hor mother lay there mora ill than words could say — Mrs. Kingsward awoke. She ojieued her eyes without any ohango of position, with tho habit of a woman who lias boon long ill, without acknowledging her illness. It was Moulsey who saw a faint reflection of the faint light in the softly opened eyes, and detected that littlo change in the breathing whioh comeB with returning consciousness. Bee, with her head leant back upon her oliair and her eyes olosed, .was dozing again. : "You must take your cordial, ma'am,, now you're awake. You'vo had such a nice sleep." " Have I ? I thought I was with tho ohildren and singing to baby. Who's this that has' my hand— Bee !" .- " Mamma," oried the girl with a little 'start, and then "Oh, I have waked her, Moulsoy, I havo waked her !" 1 "Is this. her little hand? Poor little Bee ! No, you have' uot waked me, love ; but why, why is the child hero ?" , . " The dootor said sho might stay — to send for him if you wanted anything — and—and to satisfy her." "To satisfy h'qr, why so, .why. bo.?". Am I so bad? Did ho' think I would dio— iii' tl'io/hight ?" ' "No, no, no," said Moulsey, standing by her patting her shoulder, as if sho had boon a fretful child. "What a thing to fancy ! As if- he'd have Bont the child here— for that 1" !' No," said tho poor lady ; " ho wouldn't havo ont the ohild, would ho — not tho ohild— for that —to frighten her? But Bee must go to bed. I'm so muoh hotter. Go to bed. Moulsey, poor Moulsoy, nevor tires ; she is so good. But you must go to bed." ; " Oil, mother, lot mo stay. When you sleep, I sleep too ; and I'm so much happior here." ; . " Happier, aro you ? Well — but there was something wrong. Something had happbned. What was it that happonod ? And your fathor away ! It never does for anything to happen when— my husband is away. I've grown so silly. -I never know what to do. What was it— that happened, Bee?" ' There was -nothing," Baid Boo, with n sudde'u chill of despair. Sho had forgotten everything but the dim bed chamber, tho faint light, tiio quiok, quiok breathing. And now tliero came a stab at hor poor little heart. She scarcely knew what it was, bnt a out like a knife going to the very centre of her Loing.. Then there came tho doctor's words)' as if they were writtan in .light across tiio darkness of tho room — " Ready, and steady." She said in a stronger voice, "You havo been dreaming. There was nothing, mamma." Mrs. Kingsward, who hod raised licrsolf on ber elbow, sank book again on hor pillows. "Yes," b!iq said, " I must havo boen dream ing. I thought somobody camo — and told us. Dreams aro so atrango. Peoplo say thoy'ro things yon'vo boon— thinking of. But I was not thinking of that — tho very last thing ! Boe, it's a pity— it's agroat pity— when a woman, .with so many ohildren, falls into this kind of silly— bad lioalth." . "Oh, mamma," was all that poor Boo oould say. ; .- " Oh— let mo alone, Moulsey— I want to talk a little. I've bad such a good sleep, you said ; sometimes — I want to talk, and Moulsey won't let me— nor your fatlior, nnd I havo it all hero," she said, putting her hand to her heart, "or hero," laying it over her eyebrows, "and I novor got it out. Lot m'e talk, Moulsoy— lot me talk." Bee, leaning forward and Moulsey standing over her by tho bedside, tliero was a pause. Thoir oyes, accustomed to the faint light, saw lior oyes shining from the pillow, and .the fluBli of her ohceks against tho whitouosa of tho bud. Then, after a while, tliero- eamo a littlo faint laugh, and— "What was I Baying?" Mrs. Kings- ward asked. "You look so- big, Moulsoy— liko tho shndows I iiBod to throw on tho wall to plcaso tho ohildren. You always liked tho rabbit Lost, Bee Look 1" Sho put up hor handu as if to make that familiar play upon the wall. "But Moulsoy," she addod, " is so big, Sho shuts out all tho light, nnd what is Boo doing hero at this hour of the night? Moulsey, send Miss Boo to bed." " Oh, mother, let mo stay. You wero going to tell mo something.'! " Miss Bee, you must not make her talk." " How liko Moulsoy 1" said the invalid. " Mako me talk 1 whon I have wanted so muoli to talk. Boo, it's horrid to go on iu this silly ill way whon— whon ono lias ohildron to. think of. Your father's always good— but a man often doosn't understand. Abont you, now — if I hail been a littlo stronger it might hnvc been different. What was it we heard? I don't think it was true what we heard." " Oh mamma, don't think of that now." "It is so silly always being ill! and tliero'a nothing roalty the mattor. Ask the dootor. Thoy nil say there's nothing really tho matter. Your father — but then lie doesn't lmow Low a woman feels. I fcol as if I were sinking, sinking down through the bed nnd the floor and every thing, away, I don't know whore. So silly ! for nothing hurts me — I've no pain — oxoopt that I always want moro air. If you wero to open the window, Moulsoy ; nnd Bee, givn mo your hand' nnd hold mo fast, that I mayn't sink away. It's all quito silly, yon know, to think so," she added, with again a fnint laugh. Bees eyes soiight those of Moulsey with a terrified question in them; tLe groat shadow only slightly shook its head. "Do yon reinomhor, Boe, tho pioture— wo saw it in Italy, and I've got a photograph—whore there is a saint lying so sweetly in tiio nir with nngcls holding her up ? They're flying with her through tho liluo sky —two nt her bend and other two — and her mnntlo so wrapped round her, nnd she lying, oh so easy, resting, though there's no tiling but the air and tho angels. Do you re member, Bee ?" "Yes, mamma. Oh mamma, mamma !" "That's what I should liko," said Mrs. Kings- ward; "it's straugo, isn't it? The bed's solid, nnd the house is solid ; rend Moulsoy there, silo's very solid too ; and air isn't solid at ail. But there never was anybody thnt lay eo easy nnd looked so safo as that woman in tho nir. Their arms must he so soft under her, and yet so strong, you know ; stronger than your father. He's so kind ; bnt he hurries me sometimes ; and soft— you're soft, Boe, butyou'ro not strong.. You've got a soft little hand, hasn't she, Moulsey? Poor littlo tiling ! and to think one doesn't know what siie may havo to do with it lioforo she is like me." "She'll have no moro to do with it, ma'am, than a lady should ; no more than you'vo had. But you must bo quiet, dear lady, and try and go to sleep." " I might nevor havo such a good clianee of talking to her again. Tho middlo of tho night and nobody here — her father not even in tho house. Bee, you must try never to begin Loing ill in any silly way, feeling not strong nnd that sort of foolish thing, and say ont what you think. Don't he frightoned. It's — it's bad for him as woll as for you. Ho gets to tLiuk you haven't any opinion. Aud then nil at once they find ont And, perhaps, its too late .' " Mamma, you'ro not very ill? Oh, no; you're looking so beautiful, and you talk, just as you always did." " She says am I vory ill, Moulsey ? Poor little Bee 1 I feel a great deal better. I had surely a nice sleep. But why. should the dootor Lo here, and you mado to sit up, you poor littlo tLing. Moulsey, why is the dootor hero ? " " I never said, ma'am, as ho was here. He's — coming round first-thing in the morning. He's anxious— beoause tho colonel's away." "All ! you think I don't know. I'm not so very bad ; but lie thinks — he thinks — perhaps I. might dio, Bee." "Mamma, mamma!" " Don't bo frightened," said Mrs. Kingsward, drawing the girl close to hor. " That's a secret ; he doesn't think I know. It would be a curious, ourious thing, wheu people thinkyou are only ill, to go anil die. It would surprise them bo. And so strango altogether— instead of worries, you know, every day, to bo all by yourself lying so easy and the angels carrying you. No troublo at all then to think whether lie would be pleased —or anything ; giving yourself to bo carried liko that, liko a littlo child." " But mamma," criod Bee, you could not, would not leave us— you wouldn't, would you, mamma?— all tho ohildren, and me ; and I with | nobody eiso, no ono to care for me. You couldu't, mother, leave us; you wouldn't! Bay you wouldn't ! Oh Moulsoy, Moulsey, look how far away she is looking, as if sho didn't see you and me I" " You forget, Bee," said Mrs. Kingsward, -".how easy' it looked for that Baint in tho pioture. I always liked to watoli the birds floating down on the wind, nover moving thoir wings. That's what scorn's no trouble, ho easy ; not too hot nor too oold, nor tiring ; noither to the breath nor nnything. I shouldn't like to leave yon. No — But then, she ndded, with a smile, " I should not require to loave you. I'd— I'd What was I saying?. Moulsey, will you please give mo Bomo— more " ''She held out her hand again for tho glass whioh Moulsoy had just put down; "It makes mo strong — it makes mo speak. I'm— sinking away again, Bee. Hold mo— hold me tight. If I was to slip away— down — down — down to tho cellars, or somewhere " The fcoblo laugh was dreadful for tho listeners to hoar. "Run," cried Moulsey, in Bee's car, "tho doctor — tho dootor — in tho library." And then thoro was a strange phantasmagoria that seemed to fill the night, ono socne melting into another. Tho dootor rousing from ills dose : his monsurod step coming baok, tho littlo struggle round the bed, Moulsey giving place to -tbo still darker shadow, the glow of Mrs; Kings: ward's flushed and fovorish oountenance bq- twoou ; then tho quiot, and then again nsleop, sleop broken by fccblo movomcnts, by tho quick panting of the broath. "She'll bo easier now," tho dootor said. "You must go to bed, my dear young lady. Moulsey oan manage for tho rest of the night." "Dootor," said Boo, with somothing in hor throat that stopped the words, "dootor— will sho — must she ? On; doctor, say that is not what it means ! Ono of us, it would-not mattor, bub mother— mother I" , - "It is' not in our hands," tho dootor snicl. "It is not! muoh wo 'can do. Don't ' look at mb as if 'I word God; - Itia littlo, littlo I oan do." : ' ) - - \- "They say, "cried poor Boo, "that you can do anything. It >is when tliero is no dootor, ' no nurso that people— oh, my mother— mother! Dootor, don't lot it bo." "You nro but a ohild," said, the doctor, patting hor kindly on tho shoulder,' "you'vo not forgotten to say your prayers. ' That'll tho only thing for you to do. Thoso that say buoIi tilings of dootnrs know very littlo. We stand and ldok on. i Say your prayers, littlo girl— if .thoy do her no good, they'll do you' good. And'now sho'll havo a littlo sloop." Beo evught him by the arm. "Sleep," sho said, looking at him suspiciously. "Sloop?" " Yes, sloop— that may give her strongth for anothorday. Oil, ask no more, child. Life is not mine togivo." What a night. Out of doors it was moon light, nsserouo asheaven— tho moon departingin the wost, and another faint light that was day coming on tbo other side, and the first birds hoginning to stir in tho branches— but not oven baby moving in the house. All fast nsleop, safe as if troublo never was, as if death could not bo. Boo went upstairs to lior chill white room, whero tho white bed unocoupiod lookod to Lcr liko death itsolf — all eoid dreadful, full of sugges tion. Beo's honrt was more heavy than could be told. Sho had nothing to fall baok npon, no scoret strongth to uphold hor. Sho had for gotten how wrctolied sho had been, but sLc felt it nevertheless behind tho present anguish. Nevertheless she was only 19, and when sLe flung herself down to cry upon hor white pillow — only to ory, to get her passion ont— beneficent nature took hold of the girl and mado her sleep. Sho did not wako for hours. Was itbonoflcent? for when alio was rousid by tho opening of tLe door and sat up in hor bod, and found hersolf Btill drossod in hor evening frook, with Lor little lieoklnco round her throat, thcro pressed baok upon Bee such a flood of misery and troublo as sho thought did not oxist in tho world. "Miss Bee, Miss Bee ! Master's come home. He's been travelling - all night— and I dare not disturb Mrs. Moulsey in missis's room. And ho wants to sec you this minit, plonee. Oh come, oome, quiok, and don't koop the colonel wait ing," tho woman said. Half awalcenbd, - but wholly miserable, Bee sprang up and rushed downstairs to her father.. He eame forward to meet her at tho door, frown ing and palo. " What is this I hoar ?" ho said. "What liavo you beon doing to upsot your mother? Sho was well enough when I went away. What have you boen doing to yoar mother? You ohildron are tbo plaguoofoar life." Chatter XIX. Tho week passed in sombre hurry yet tedium of n liouso lying under tho shadow of death ; that period during which when it is night we long for morning, and whon it is morning we long for night, Loping always for the hope that never comes, trembling to mark the progress which does go on silently towards the end. Colonel Kingsward was -rough end angry with Bee that first morning to hor constornation and dismay. She had never been the objeot of her -father's angor before, and this hasty and im perious questioning seemed to take all power of reply out of her. What had she beon doing to her mother? Sho ! to hor mother I Bee was too much frightcnedbyIiisthreateninglook,theolond on his face, the fire in Ilia oyes, to say anything. Hor mind ran hurriedly over ail that had hap pened, and that last terrible visit, whioli had changed the whole nsp'cot of tbo earth to her self. But it was to herself that this strolco of misfortune had como and not to her mother. A gleam ot answering anger came into Bee's eyes, sombre witii the unliappiness which had keen pushed aside by more immediate suffering, yet wub still thcro liko a black background, to frame whatever other miseries might come after. As for Colonel Kingsward, it was to him, as to so many men, a relief to blnme somebody for the trouble whioh was unbearable. The blow was approaching whioh ho linil never allowed himself to believe in. Ho had blamed his wife instinctively, involuntarily, at tho first hearing of every inconvenicnco in life ; and it had helped to aconstom him to tho annoyanco to think that it was her fault. He had done so in what ho called this unfortunate business of Bee's, con cluding thnt hut for Mrs. Kingsward's weakness Mr. Aubrey Leigh and Itia affairs would novor havo bocomo of any importance to the family, llo had blnmcd her, too, and greatly, for that weakening of health whioh he lind-so persistently endeavored to convince himself did not mean half so much as tho dootors said. Wom.eu nro so idiotio in tlieso rospoots. They will insist on wearing muslin nnd lnoo when they ought to woar flannel. They will put on evening dresses wtien they ought to bo olothed warmly to the throat, and shoes made of paper when they ought to be solidly and stoutly shod, quite in different to the trouble and anxiety they may cnuso to their family. Anil now that Mrs. Kingsward's state had got beyond the possi bility of reproaob, he turned upon Lis daughter. It must he her fault; her mother had been bettor or ho should not have left her. The quiet of the country was doing her good — if she had hot boon agitated all wonld hare beon well. But Bee, witli all her declarations of dorotion to her mother ; Bee, the eldest, who ought to havo had some senso, Beo had brought on this trumpery love business to ovorsot tiio delicate equilibrium which ho himsolf, a man with affairs so much more important in hand, had re frained from disturbing. It did him a little good, unhappy and anxious as he was, to pour out his wrath upon Bee. And sho did not reply. Sho did not shed teara as her mother had weakly done in similar circumstances or at tempt excuses. Even, if he had boen suffici ently at leisure to note it, an answering fire awoko in Bee's eyes. He had not leisure to note, but ho perceived it all tho same. Presently, however, ovory faculty, every thought, became absorbed in that sick chamber ; tilings had still to be thought of outside of it ; but they seemed strange, nrtificial things, hav ing no connection with life. Then Charlie was summoned from Oxford, and tho younger boys from school, whioh increased tho strange com motion of tiio house, adding that restless cle ment of young lifo whioh had no place there; nothing to do with itsolf, and which roused an almost frenzied irritation in Colonel Kingsward when he saw any attempt an the part of tho poor boys to ainusc themselves, or resume thoir usual occupation. "Clods," lie said, "young brutes ! Tiioy would play tennis if tho world was falling to pieces." And again that glance of firo camo into Beo's oyes, ninrkoil uncon sciously, though ho did not know ho had seen it, by hor fatlior, Tho boys hung - about hor when she stole out for a littlo air ono nt each arm. " How is motlior, Boo ? She's no worse ? Don't you think wc might go over to Hillside for that tournament? Don't you think Fred might play in the parish match with Sidilomore? They're so badly off for bowlers. Don't you think . " " Oh, I think it wonld be muoh better for you to be doing something, boys ; but, then, papa might hear, and he would he angry. If we could but keep it'frora papa." " We're doing mother no good," said Fred. " How "oould we do mother good ? Why did the governor send for -us, Bee, only to kiok our heclB) lioro,' -and ; get: into mischief? A fellow can't 1 kelp getting- into iniaoliief when he has nothing to (lb.'': ' ;: "-Y6s,'.' repeated -Fred;1 ".what did ho send for us for? I wish- mother was Letter) I sup pose : as soon'as she's Letter we'll be packed off again." -i c- A. . . ' They wore big boys, bnt they did not under stand the possibility of their motlior not getting better, and, indeed, noitlier did 'Bee. When morning followed 'morning and nothing hap pened it seemed to her that getting better was tho' only cbnotusion to be looked for. If it had been death "that-was coming snroly it must have como by thiB time. ' Her hopes roso with; every new day. But' Mrs. Kingsward had boon greatly agitated by tho sight of Charlie wheu ho was allowed to soo her. " Why has Charlie como home ?" sho said. "Was lie sent for ? Was it your father that brought him ? Cliariio, my dear, what are you doing horo? Why havo you comobnok? You should liavo boon going on with— . Did your fathor send for you ? Why, why did your father send for you, my boy ?" " I thought," said Charlie, quito unmanned by tile sight of lior, and by this unexpeotcd question, and by all ho had been told aLout her state. ."I thought — you wanted to see mo, mother." "I always like to soo you— but not to toko you away from . And why wob ho sent for, Moulsey ? Does the dootor think ?— does my husband think ?" Her feverish color grow brighter nnd brighter. Her eyes shono with a burning eagerness. She put her hot hand upon that of her son. " Was it to soy good bye to mo ?" she said, witL a strange flutter of a smile. At the same time an argument on tho same snbjoot was going on between tLe dootor and tLe colonel. " What can the children do in a siok room ? Koop thorn away. I should novor Lavo sent for thom if you had consulted mo. It is bad enough to havo let her see Charlie, summoned express — do you want to frigliton your wifo to death?" .. " Thero can be no question," said the colonel, if what you tell me is true, of frightening her to death. I think, Benson, that a patient in snch circumstances ought to know. Sho ought to bo told — — " "What?" the dootor said; . sharply, with a harsh tone In his voioe. ; "What? Do younced to oak? Of her state! — of what ' is imminent— that she is going to—" Colonel Kingsward loved his wife truly, and he could not say those last-words. " Yea ?"_uaid tho doctor, " going to- ? well, we hope it's to One that has called her, that knows all about it, Kingsward. Dootors are not supposed to take that view much, but I do. I'd tell her nothing of tho sort. I would not agitata her either with the sight of the ohildren ; or those heathenish thoughts about dying. Well ! I suppose you'll take your own way. - If you thinksho a in danger of damnation ; but you see I don't. I think whore sho's going sho'll find more consideration and more understanding than ovor she got hero." "You are all infidels, every ono of you," said Colonel Kingsward ; "you would lot a soul rush! unprepared into the presence of " " Her Father," said Dr. Benson. /"So-. I would— if He's hor - Father He'll take care of that. And oven, if He's only n Judge, -y.ou know, a judge is an extraordinarily considerate person. He leaves no means' untricd.of coming to a right decision. I' would rather trust my case in tho hands of tho Bench than make up my own little plea any doy. And, anyhow that you can pat it, tho Supremo Judgo must 'be better - than tho best bench that ever was. Leave her alone. Sho's safer with Him thuii either with you or me." " It is an argument I nover would pardon — in my own case. I shudder at the thought- of being plunged into eternity without the time to — to think — to — to prepare " "But if your preparations are ail seen through from tho beginning ; if it's just as well known then, or hotter, what yoit are . thinking or trying to think, to make yourself ready for that (vent? You knew yourself more or less, didn't you, when you wero in aotive service, tho excuses a wretched private would make when he was hauled up, and how- he'wanid try to mako the worso appear the Letter cause. Wero you moved by that, Colonel Kingsward ? Didn't you know .the man, and- judge him by what you knew?" " It seems to mo a very undignified argument; there's no analogy botwncir a ivrotbbed: private aud — and my — and one of us— at tho Judgment Seat." " No — it's moro liko one. of your boys makiug up his defence — whon brought boforo yon — and the poor boy would need it too," Dr. Benson added within himself. But naturally lie made no impression with his argnmcnt, whether itwas good or bad, upon his hearer. Colonel' Kings- ward wns in loality a very miliappy man. 'He had nobody to binmo for tho diondful misfbr: tunc which was threatening him except Gbd, for whom lie cutortaiucd only a great terror .as of an overwhelming tyrannical power ready to catch him -at any moment when he negloctcd the observances or. rites necessary to qppcaso it. He was very particular in those obs'ervanoos — going, to elinrch, keeping up family prayers, contributing his proper mid carefully caloulatcd proportions to the charities, &o.; Nobody oould say of him that he was careless or negligent.. And. now how. badly was his devotion repaid I — by tiio tearing away from him of the com: panion of his lifo. But he felt that thero was still much more that the awful master of tho universe might inflict pcrlinps upon her if sho wns not xircpnred to meet her God. He was wretched till he had told hor, warned her, till she had fulfilled everything that was necessary, seen tile clergyman, anil got licrsolf into the state of mind beooming a dying person. He had collected all the children that she might take leavo of them in a becoming way. He had so far as ho knew thought of everything to mako her exit from the world a right one in all the forms — and now to bo told that he was not to agitato her, that the God whom ha wished to prepare her to .meot knew more of her and understood her bettor tlinn he did ! Agitate hdr ! whon the alternative might be unspeakable miseries of punishment, instead of tho acquittal whioh would .havo to be given to a soul properly pre pared.' These arguments did not in tho least, elinnga his . purpose ; but thoy fretted and irritated him beyond measure. At tho bottom of all, the idea that anybody should know better than he what was tho right thing for his own wife was an intolerable thought. He went out and in of her room witli that' irritated, though self controlled, look which sho knew so well. Ho had never shown itto tlm world, and when he had demanded of her in his. angry way why this was and that, and how on earth such and bucIi tilings had happened, Mrs. Kingsward had till iatoly taken it so sweotly that ho had not himsolf suspected how hoavy.it was upon hor. And when alio had begun to show signs of being unnblo to boar tho respon sibility of everything in eartii and heaven, tiio colonel had felt himself an in jurod man. There were signs that ho might oventnaily throw that responsibility on Bee. But in the meantime lie had nobody to blame, as has beon said, and the burden of irritation and disturbance wtfs heavy upon. him. l The next morning after his talk with Dr. Brown- he oamo in with that olouded brow to find Charlie by her . beside! -The 'colonel eame' up and stood looking at the faco on the pillow,- now warn in' tho roaotion of tho\fevor, and utterly; weak, but Btill smiling at his appraaah; ' ' "I have been tolling Oliarlio," sho said in her! faint : voice,: "that he must go baok- to his college. Why should he waste hiB time here ?"'' "Ho will not go baok' yet," said Colonel' Kingsward ; "aro you feeling a littlo better this morning, my dear ?" 1 ' " Oil, not to call ill at all;" Haid the sufforor. "Weak— a sort' of sinkiug, floating away. I take hold of somebody's hand to keep mo from falling through. Isn't it ridiculous ?" sho said, -' after a littlo pauso. "Your weakness is very great," said tho hus band, almost sternly. "Oil, no, Edward. It's moro silly than any-; tliiiig— -whon I am not really ill, you know. " I've got Charlie's hand here undor the counter pane," sho said again, with her fnint littlo- lough. "You won't always have Charlio's hand, or" anyone's hand, Luay?". Sho looked at him with alittle nnxiety. "No, no. I'll get stronger,- perhaps, Edward." " Do yon feel as If you woro at all stronger, ' my door?" Sho loosed her Bon's hand, giving him a little troubled amilo. " Go away now, Charlie, dear.' I don't believe you havo had your breakfast; I; want to speak to— papa." Then sho" waited, looking wistfully in hor husband's faco till tho : door had olosed. "You havo something to say-' tome, Edward. Oh, what is it? Nothing has! happened to anyono?" "No nothing has happened," be said; he turned away and walked to the window, then camo book again, turning his head half way from' her as ho spoke. "It is only that you are— - my poor darling — weaker every day." "Doos tho doctor think so?" she said with a' little eagerness, with a faint suffusion of color in her faoo. Ho did not say anything, could not perhaps — bnt slightly moved his head. a "Wealcor ovory day! and that means,' ' Edward!" She put out her thin, hot bauds. ' "That means " .'file man could not say anything. He could do. his duty grimly, bnt when tho moment came; ho could not put it into words.. Ho sank down: on the clinic Charlie had lett, and put down Lis face on the pillow, his large frame shaken by.- Bobs whioh ha oould not restrain.- These sobs mado Mrs. Kingsward forgot tho : mcnnlng of. thiB communication altogether. Sho put her hands upon him trying to raise his head " Edward ! oh, don't cry, don't cry ! ' I- havo never seen you ory in all my life. Edward, : for goodness' eako ! you will kill me if yon go: sobbing like that. Oh, Edward, Edward, I nover.- Baw you ory before:" Moulsey bad darted forward from some' shadowy corner where sho was end gripped Lim by the arm. " Stop, air, stop it,", she cried, in an authorita tive whisper, "or you'll kill her." He flung Moulsey off, and raised his head » little from the pillow. "You have never seen me , with. any. sneh- occasion before," ho said, taking ! hor hands into- his and kissing them repeatedly. . - He was not a man of many oaresses, and hoc ilieart was - touohed with a: feeble r sonse - of-, pleasure.. _ 7 ,.- "Dear," she said softly, "dear !" feebly draw-; ing a little nearer to him to put . her cheek againsthis. . v . Colonel Kingsward looked up 'as' soon as ho. was able and saw her lying smiling at him, her! hands- In his, her eyes fall of .that wonderful liquid light whioh belongs to great weakness. Tho small worn face was all illuminated with smiles, it was liko the face of a ohild — or perhaps an angel. He looked at first with awe, then with doubt and alarm. . Had lie failed after all in the commission whioh he had executed at so mnch - cost to himself, and against thedootor's orders?' He had been afraid for tho moment of tho sight of her despair— and now ho was frightened Ly . her look of ease, the absenoe of all perturbations. Had sho not understood him? Would it have' to be told again, more severely, more distinctly, this dreadful news ? (to ee continued.) 