THE CULT 01-’ THE GHOSTLY (lLKVIEW or IIKVIK’A'S ) ll.o unanimous verdict of all thoso who have rend “ Morn Ghost Stories” is that it represent* an immense advance upon “Jtoal Ghost Stories.” u More Ghost Stories ” has had the extraordinary good fortune to ploaao the inoet diverse classes of roadere. A Catho lic priest came down to the oflico the . other day to say that ho had read every word of our New Year’s number, and wan im* meusely delighted to find that. Mud) ing the subject from an entirely independent stand point, I had arrived at exactly the same conclusions oh the Catholic Chinch. “Ii yon hod studiod for the priesthood yon could not have stated more precisely the viewa ot On tho other hand, theXhoosophists, whose faith is declared iu the to bo of u dovil, aro equally pleased with the conclu siouH at which I have arrived, although Mrs. Bosant; somewhat regrots a plunge in the 4‘ Plea for tho Tar Barrel.” Still, more strange t*» say, the Spiritualists, judging from their interesting woekly organ Lvjht% concur almost entirely with tbo warnings that I have thought it necessary to utter as to tho dauger of reckless and iudia oriminato experimentalising. The comments of the Prots have boon almost without ex*, ooption complimentary, it.being tho declared, opinion of our critics that, /or thrilling iutorost and suggostiveness, “ More Ghost Stories,” is unrivalled. The interest whioh tho subject has excited may be said literally to extend all over the earth. Prom the uttermost parts of tho wotld, X reeoivo letters from correspondents • who have.had mors or less .mysterious expedenors which they desire to oluoidato by the aid of the latest roBoarehers iu occult things, I hftvo also had some curious experiences of my own which demand further iuvostigatiou. If tho conclusions to which the phenomena pom taro substantiated, we aro in a fair way of establishing, on an incontrovertible basis, as a scientific aud ascertained fact, tho existence of intelligences nthor than thoso whi h uro eucascd in the ordinary material of human bodies. Evidence as to the facts of clairvoyance and <jf the reality of tho Double accumulates, aud I have already in band the compilation of yota third ghostly publication to be issued ut midsummer, under the title of “Ghosts up to Bate.” To mauy, ghosts at midsmminr will no doubt seem an. anachronism, but that is amply because the ordinary person’s ideas of n ghost a*o convcuticmui and falsa. Ghosts, if they exist at all, are just as rife at midsummer as at midwinter, and ns wo shall bHve more time to propnre “ Ghosts up to Date” than we had either for “Real Ghost Stories” or “More Ghost Stories,” I hope that we shall bo able, in our third publication, to satisfy oven the moat iuoreduloiiH that wo have not been tor the lant few months on a wild goose chtiso after chimeras. It- is no uso puttiug your hand to »uoh a thing us this and then drawing back. Wo huvo got to put tho thing through, and I renew tny invitation to all thoso persons who have had experiences of tho Double, or of clairvoyance, or of ghosts, proporly so called, to communicate with me, I nave now twoiu vitations to spoud a holiday in haunted houses, but what with tho County Conuoil election, and thi im minent approach of the General election, I urn afraid the ghosts will have to wait a hit. Others who have more leisure will, I hope, furnish mo with the information which is necessary. What, is wanted is to have tvidenco that will satisfy, say, Mr.. Buy Bankostorund Mr.' Miiskolyne as to the .reulity of the phenomena in question.. . 