Some Dental Remini scences. I have been dabbling a little in dentistry for the past few days, and- as far aa I. bare gone I ean't Bay that I banker after it SB a means ot rest and relaxation. I had muoh rather sit in a barber's ehair, snd bave bim ponr bay ram down my neok and sak me if I didn't want a sea foam or a soilp cradioator. As unpleasant and annoying to the sensitive Boni ss that is, it is a Bothoven symphony alongside of a rest in a dentist's ohair. It almost makes a man wish he bad been born without teeth, when be cornea to having them filled. I mentioned this little bon mot to my dentist but he only grunted and told me not to spit on tbe carpet. lhere is something BO discouraging to' conversation in' the regular apures of dentistry that one hates to have the life knoaked out of a little pleasantry by a meroinary minded tooth dootor. A man oan think of a good many things whilo a man's fist and a Bet ot boring apparatus is operating inside bis jaws, but he oan scarcely Bud words to give bis thoughts ex pression. Then when the merry ripple of persiflage flows forth with tba saliva at soma intermisBlon of tho tragedy, he hates to bave lt received as aooly as civilservioe application for office. This makes the last ot the Maobcth fillings that I have bad re-placed. There wera six of them at first, twelve years ago; all put in by tho same master band. One by one they parted from mo. Some of them willingly, yea gladly, in company with a pioao of molasses asndy, others broken off abruptly in the full tide-of their strength and usefulness by a stray bit of oyster shell, I bad a girl onoa who loosened a large trout filling with one ot her warm, voluptious kisees that drew like a mustard» niants* nr n run ninu nt Bllnfinn hnaar Th,'» laatono I ahookout oía teeth-obatteringoon" teat where some, one waa tolling ghost stories '"-"'na dank. Henceforth Macbeth and I will bo as though nothing had ever passed between us. I earry no mora of his bi sulphate of sino around with me and I am glad of it. My first dental experience happened in tho early part of my career, but I never think of kna^-'ufcÂ went by the name ot Maobeth. Ho looked like a man who would stoop to murder, if the man was smaller than he or hs bad him down. I did not patronise him from ohoice but from polioy. He run a halt square adv. in tho paper on which I then worked, and ouo morning when I complained of a toothache, tho editor suggcetod that I should go to Macbeth. Mr. Macbeth kept a small Bbowoass full of teeth at the bottom of tho stairway leading to bia biousped boilaar, and the doctor who did business on the floor above, also had a small, but choice oolleotion of ariBtoorntia oorns on the other eido ot the stairoase. The effect, SB we artists say, waa harmonious but startling. PersonB would stop aa thoy went by to look at the showcases, just as they do in front of a photographer's d'splay, and point out Major Taylor's three- pronged molar or Mr?. Judge Tuley'a troublesome hard oom. When I went to Mr. Miabotb, I told him that a toothaoha waa troubling me, and that I had a large, important looking triotispid that I would like to add to bia collection. Ha said that ho didn't usually put any but the teeth of actresses arid professional men in his diaplay, but that he might maka an exception in my case, if I would give him -a ton-line looul in next week'B paper. I promised the looal, and a good position ai top ot the column, next redding mattor, provided he gave my tooth the same in bia case. That was when 1 was young and proud. Now, I have my teeth pulled, not necoasarily for exhibition. Then I took a soot, opened my month and waited, whilo Maobeth made his explorations. When he returned from the interior, bc said thors waa no need of pulling tho tooth nt all. Tbnt it ought to be filled. H Jso announced with gladsome KurcUancea, liiut ha hud dis covered, five other large, underground cavities that' ought to be stopped up. In my guileless inuocenco I told him to go ahead with the contract. Then ho jabbed a stick of wood into my mouth to hold it open, whilo he rummaged around among tho assortment ot ra.>ps he kept on file. It jecting some of tho ICES deadly instru ment-, he nelcoted bis favorite wespen and placed himself in an cflensive attitude. He placed bis left hand across the bridge ot ray nose to steady himself, and hiB band was SB . cold and clammy as the touch of a dear de parted friend. I tried to remonstrate with bim, but ho had alrosdy begun opérations, and I could only think up things that X would say when I got loose. After staking out his claim, ho began to boro tor quartz. Every onas in a while his gimlet would slip end jab a holo in my jaw. Thon he would twist it out, brace his feet moro firmly against the woodwork, and jab away again. So ha went an, tapping a vaia hero, striking paying dirt (hero, and running into a blind lead some plaaa else, till all six at the oavities were tilled. Mr. Maabeth'B breath was nearly as strong aa bia arm, and »me noar taking the plaaa at chloroform. His handB also load mo to believe that bo had had turkey bash (ox breakfast, and had been dealt tho neok. But I did not complain. When man bas his mouth fall of email orobars and noll pnnohos, 'MI'S foolish to utter u word of complaint .vbciut anything. Wben I got a ohanoa to gat np and beat n honorablo retreat, I did so. I think Mac beth must have taken me for tbo Into Mr. Mo Duff. Tua demand (or ita leather has brought 'b» ka-,:garoo into imminent danger ot EX f.'jjion, mid mzaeures ara in oonUmplnticn Vr icatiioi'.ns ¡.¡io slaughter of th» uolina!..' Ethel: '. What do you think of Joblots' ergaRi menl to Miss SeaiB?!' Jack : " Ho might do worse." Kihi) : "Ho will-ho ia going to marry her." "Why, Casper, thia.ian't a bit.the kind cf n house I supposed you would build," " No, I'm rather surprised myself, but tho architect is vsry well satisfied." 