DRESS OF THE DAY. D A new model for an evening cloak (a writer on Dhress for the New Year," in the Standard, says) is of rich grey and black brocaded satin, with a large wide collar, with boa, and fronts of black Thibet Islab or astrachan, the softer, looser wool having the .,esot appearance. This cloak is fur-lined, and reaches down to the feet, covering the gown. A. shorter halE legith opera cloak, of white brocaded velovet, lined with golden.brown satin, has the upright collar, and friihts of the now Visor fur, which much resembles mnarten-tail, and is becoming very fashionable for trimming purposes, for which its anwers very well ,COMFrORTABL1 EVENING COLLART .. -. A collarette of white Thibet lamb fur makes' a charming addition to evening dress, and willbe found. cosily warm and comfortable. A mixture of coldurs: forms the moat striking features in the latest Parisian creations in millinery. Either the flowers are of different colours, or the rosettes of ribbon of different colours. Thus, in one model, peach coloir, vert d'eau, and rose do Chine are the colours used for the narrow satin ribbon rosettes: in another, blue, pink, and grey. Feather crowns, lined, of course, aro another feature; black ostrich feathers over heliotrope velvet, wide strings of this colour coming from the back, and the raised brim lined with the veleot drasnlin full pleats, the tips of the feathers falliWg over and forming an edging to thu brim over the forehead. Another bonnet is a sort of beef-eater shaped mass m dark bluo velvet, with pa!i pink and greyish green rosettes of frayed out silk, the string? being of the -elvet. A white terry vel et bonnet, with white ostrich feather crown, ,was charming. In this, the velret was full i'Eide tle front of the brim, ands dianond butterlly set adorned the folds to thI6 lef side. A striped whilt relvet bonnet was studded over on the loft sido wilth sparkling jet butterilies, thli wide silk strings, c:;t on the cross, fastened by 'the same ornaments. Black satin hats, in quite a new shape, are fashionible. They lave brims lifted on one side, and aro simply triinmued with either black or coloured ostrich feathers on the crown. Ono of tile smartest, and, at the same time, cosiest, of driving coats is made of line sealskin, and has r deep r611 collar, which c.n either be turned up to protect the back of the neck and ear~s or turned down, showing the scarf. This coat is cut double breasted, fastening sith large tortoise-shell buttons, with loose, straight bac-k, and long, straight sleeres, set in rather high and full on the shoulders. Its loose lit iakes it very comfortable to drive in, and yet does not interfere rith'its style. For a wrap worn over the habit when drising to cover it is miost. convenient. . The saot slhape in a soft, thick, rough fawn cloth, with roll collar of beaver lined with squirrel or some searan material, is, of course, les.. expensive, and answers the same purposo; the buttons for. this -would be either of bone matching the cloth, : or peerl. These are only three-quarter lengthn co?ts STYLISIH ASTRAClAN3 JACEIT. High collars and shoulders muaintain their popularity, and fur jackets and cloaks are mado much im this fashion. We present a sketch from a Regent- i street shop window of a seasonZble and warm astrach:m three-quarter jacket. " Bodices for tweed gowns are (Ieldon's Ladies' ,Joe'ral says) comeparatively plain in make, somle times tight-fitting in Newmarket fourml sometimes with a deep tabbed basque, while thios opening.to show a waist of 'another material are extremely smart.. For hooe gowns greater scope is alloired, and these bodices are in many cases of the corselet inake,: withs tlio upper litrt full.- Where two materials are employed,- or where the material is to be trimmed with pasisementerie, velvet, or for, the corselet bodice is in higlhfasvor.' Among tile pretty belts shown this season.is the Swiss shape in velvet. beaded and jewelled most elaiborately, and finished ivith a deep beaded fringe. The long Newmarket jacket is very serviceable in cold 'weither; one of the newest models is in tweed in brown and blue check, the blue being very faint. This is lined with a soft woolly material,.it isloose in the back, fitting in very slightly to the'waist, with one pleat and buttons on the back seams.: The collar is a deep roll, the sleeves made with deep cuffs. A soft hat' of the same material, with wing feathers, looks well worn with it. - Wo.urs take part in the discussions of Wisconsin farmers' clubs. Tsm editor of the Port Plain Register has his olfice and register connected by telephone. Yesterday Mr. Skidd, of Little Falls, an old friend, called on the editor and expected .to remain for dinner. The editor hurried to the telephone and shouted to his wife: " Mr. Skidd will be up with me to dinner, lay an extra plate." "Now," said the editor, " Mr. Skidd, yott may converse with her." As the gentleman was about to approach the instrument these iwords were plainly heard: "Ysou tell Mr. Skidd we don't keep a hotel on wash-day." Mr. Skidd excused hinm self for a few nmomlents, and was next seen eating fried elaits in the Rainbow Saloon on the corner. Tiu following verdict was given in writing by the foreman of a coroner's jury in Nebraska: " We are of A Pinion that the Decent met with hir death from i Violant Inlirsnation in the Arn prdust from suin Nnhan Cause." Tiu speanCer is a tall, parclment-faced woman carryingumnny bundles, and accompanied by a poodle dog and a little man, who looks unhappy enough to be ler husband. She appears at the door of a smok ing carriage. "Quite full, madam," says one of the occ?upants. " No, sir, there is room for one, and I and smy husband will sit in it." Site sniffs, and exclaims, fiercely, " James, it is a smoking carriage." "Yes, my love," replies the husband, humbly. "I won't go in there?: "Madam," says the solemn gentleman, rising in his seat," one moment; we will express our regrets; my brothers, three cheers, subdued cheers, please, so as not to shock the lady's nerves:' They cheered, and she slammed the door. Suxsor Cox imade rather a good point on Judge Kelley, of Pennsylvania, when he called him the "per turbed ghost of pig-iron." Judge Kelley received the hit with a pig-ironical smile. TE..sYsox declines an offer of 5000 dols. from an enterprising American for a poem in which a tragedy is averted by " Rli.'s Bitters." We despice a man wrho ll fool away stch a chance of swaking money, Send Rini to ?s.-Boston Paper 