BREVITIES Aluminated bread cas--e come on next Monday week at Prahran cjurt. j Short commons at St, Kilda court . yesterday. j St. Kilda Town Hail organ is having its swell clothes put oi.. Prahran rates £4000 behind last year up to date. Electric light monopoly begins to show its claws. Five designs selected for the Burnley bridge. An early and satisfactoiy solution of the nightsoil difficulty is expected shortly. The Y.W.C.A. had a crowded house at their social last Friday, in spite of the wet weather. The Prahran Y.W.C.A., have re ceived, repaired and given away 2000 suits of clothes. The Cre-che has been classed bj the Prahraa council as a charitable insti tution and exempted from rates. Cr Jones think? that there will pro bably be another flood before the Yarra Floods Board meets again. The happy shareholders of the Pran ran Coffee Palace met last night. What price a 10 per cent, dividend r The Miller-AulU cause celebre cropped up in Sr. Kilda court on TueB dsy. It will be & relief to most jxopl: t ^ have something besides Deeming in the daily papeis. Constable McCarthy was bnJlv let in bv some of his witnesses in a 'language' case on Monday. lne ' boys turned out in torce at St. Kilda on Wednesday, to congratu late the Hon. George on his election. Fiek Jubilee people jubilated gaily at the oli Town Hall, Prahran, Mon day. The favourite tune with the music loving Prahran councillors — inoppor- tune. Prahran's bill for the gas conference humbug is £90. Malvern gets off with £15. Prahran Town Hali staff rejoice with exceeding great joy at the passage of the salaries act. Malvern shire council are very chirpy now. They've got an M.L.A., all to themselves. Cr Donald Munro represents Mal vern on the Metropolitan Board of Works, vice Ex-Cr Benson. Electric lighting started on High s jeet, Malvern, much to the improve ment of that thoroughfare. An unlucky ratepayer in Toorak got disfranchised through having an ' r ' too many in his name. There is a sharp three-card game going on between Richmond and Prahran over the bridges. The Melbourne Telegraph has col lapsed. If it had only had three heads, now, it might have survived. Don't forget to inspect H. Morris Jones and Co's. beautiful line of five frame Brussels carpets at 3s lid per yard. Their honours the Judges are shy of paising an opinion on the 3 per cent, valuation clause in the L.Cr. Act. The old trouble of requests for free use of town balls for charitable pur poses, is a constant thorn in the flesh of suburban councils. If it is desired to make a Malvern councillor bristle up all over and get red in the facf, its only necessary to say ' Hawthorn ' to him. The population of Victoria agrees to the increase of railway fares a? a whole, barring the particular district where each individual lives. More music in the air over the Prabran Town Hall salaries question. Ratepayers threaten judical interfer ence. Bogus accident swindler ?ot six months at Prahran court on Thursday, in addition to five years ho is now under sentence for. Cr W. Knox took his seat at Mal vern shire council t»ble on Tuesday, and made his maiden speech on the subject of Parks and Gardens. Our special football representative, '' Rover,' gives a lot of iuteresnntc d-r- t-iils Htwut the local team in this week's s. ortin? article. An unfortunate old woman named Jan? Jones, who had no home or relations or friends, was sentenced to 3 months hard labour on Thursday, at Prahran court, but discharged to the care of the Elizabeth Fry Home, at the intercession of Mrs Roper. The display of Chrys'imh^BniB* in .* l- : ) Powells window this weeV^«-ost 'W' 80™'* t0 l0VerS °f thi8 ^^^ArO There is no foundation for the report ' that the South Yarra anarchists intend to dynaomethe Prahran council a la mode de Paris. The Banquo-like ghost at the Hon. George 1 urr.er's smoke nisht 'Wednes- day, went out 'on his ear' »-, most un?nost!ike fashion. The discussion about tbe acoustics of the new Prahmn Town Hall has had one good f-ff..ct— its drawn councillors out to Sundav evening service. Ladies. — For style and co r.tort in millinery, Dress..*, Corsets, and street (near Hi-u-.«treLt), Prahran.— (Advt.j ; Max O'Rell, the French discoverer of the English-spe-tking racos lectures week after next at the Athenaeum. The globe-trotting Smythe has him in charge. Malvern ' wants to kaow you knew' from tbe Gas Company when they are going to cany out their agreement to 'light' the streets. Other lolka would like to know too. There will be a dead set in the next Parliament against the 3 per cent. vflluation basin, which the Upper House forcibly injected \nt , the Amended L.G.Act. It n-as a wet dav last Saturday almost everywhere, but the wettest place in these parts was thp fit TTiMa Cricket grounds. Our aquaiic repre sentative lias a special report od pagr G. Its one of tiiose things that makee the public irreverent nn-J incredulous to see a fellow, who has been sum moned to court an 3 spnds a certificate ofiilaess instead, playing billiards in a pub while ' waiting for the verdict.' Henerry and Tuew's dancing-classes at Queen's Hall, Boston-street, off Inkerraan street, St. Kilda, are now open for the snson, and amateurs of the light fantastic have a fine oppor- j tunity to improve themselves — Mon- j days and Wednesdays. 