MAEYB0B0U8H. (From, a Correspondent.) The Eev. Fr. Lemire, C.S.Sp., who! has had charge of the parish , for the last three years, preached' his valedictory sermon in St, Augustine's Church on Sunday, 17th inst., and at its conclusion reviewed the works accomplished in the parish since his arrival,' I and sincerely thanked all who had ib any J way contributed to the great success oh j all sides achieved. At the conclnsidnof ; his address, the rev. gentleman unveiled a, i beautiful statue of St. Patrick, which he presented to the chtirch, being the fourth statue erected in the sacred edifice by j Fr. Lemirp since his arrival, i On Tuesday evening, 19th inst., St. Augustine's Church was crowded to the doors, the occasion being a.presentation to Fr. Lemire. The Maryborough Advertiser supplies a full report' of the proceedings, from whifch we make' the following extract:— The first presentation took place in the schoolroom, when Mr. J. McHale, • on behalf of the members of the Sodality of the Sacred Heart, in a brief but appropriate speech, presented Fr. Lemire with a silver watch, accompanied with an address, of which the following is a copy :—" We, the members of .the Confraternity of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, iR the parish of Maryborough, on this the occasion of your much regretted departure from our midst, do herewith humbly beg to tender you a small token of our love and gratitude in recognition of your untiring and fruitful labours. During your short stay with us you have established, besides numerous other sodalities, the above - mentioned, which has proved so successful and beneficial to everyone of its faithful members. It has been the blessed means whereby many of us have had the grace of God brought' back'to us, which we had forfeited by our negleotj and carelessness. We now pilrpose to cherish dearly that divine' gfa.ee which God has bestowed upon us, and sincerely hope that, with the help of your fervent and pious prayers, we will' always remain faithful to our good reso- ' lutions. We also now feel that we are about to be separated probably for ever. This feeling is indeed a source of intense pain and extreme grief to us, more especially when we think of the inestimable favours you have conferred upon us, and of your kindness andunlimitcd charity to the whole of your flock. Yet we arie comforted and greatly encouraged ' by the fact that you are going from us > still to continue your good works, which have been productive of so much good : in this parish. In conclusion, wc heartily wish you % most pleasant and agreeable voyage, and a bright and prosperous future. We also earnestly hope and pray that you may be permitted, to live long in perfect health and vigour in God's service, to pursue your holy and sacred work, and that you will always be as successful in doing so as you have been in the past.—Signed on behalf of the sodality, James McHale, president; Kate O'Keefe, treasurer; F.M. Sutlivan, secretary. Maryborough, 19th. January, 1892." Fr. Lemire, in reply, assured the. members of the society that of all the marks of' sympathy he had received ' sipefe notice of his recall, there was none ' he appreciated so much as the address ' just read. He thanked them sincerely and heartily for the igood . feelings; expressed in the address. Hp requested them to remain faithful to the .rnles of , the sodality, which he hoped would groir . and prosper. Miss Hogan next presented Fr. Lemire with a biretta and stole from the Catholic children residing in the town of Eddington. Fr. Lemire requested Miss Hogan to convey to the children his warm . thanks for their thoughtful present. Although Eddington had for many years until recently been without a church or school, he had found that the children had been well brought tip by their parents in the Catholic faith. Mr. Skeehan presented Fr. Lemire , with a parse of sovereigns subscribed by the members of the church at Carisbrook. In making the presentation.~Mr. Skeehan said he felt pained at having to say farewell to a gentleman whose place it would be so hard to fill. He was cure he echoed the sentiments of all present when he said that Fr. Lemire, by his hidi tone of character, rare educational ability, and devotion to his work, had endeared himself to all, high and low, rich and poor, during his three years' sojourn in the parish. The rev. gentleman was about to leave for France, w»d while all regretted their loss, they lenew hew« going to a sphere of labour wnere his high talents and exceptional powers would find greater scope. But ^i 4^' y k ?? h "0 doubted if the good father would, find a parish whew he would be more beloved and appreciated than the one he wu leaving, H« carried with him the best wishes of the whole community. It gave him great pleasure to present Fr. Lemire with the purse of sovereigns from the Catholics of Carisbrook. Mr. N. Dromey next presented Fr. Lemire with a purse of sovereigns sub scribed by the Catholics of Ampitheatre. This was followed by a purse of sovereigns, presented by Mr. Thomas Casey, J.P., who occupied the chair, and subscribed by the people of Mary borough, Timor, and Eddington, the list of contributions including the names of persons who were not Roman Catholics, who contributed liberally. Mr. Casey very much regretted that Fr. Lemire was leaving the parish. On looking around the church, and observing all the im provements and beautiful adornments Fr. Lemire had effected, he felt sure that his name would never be forgotten by the people. An address was read from the Catholics of Maryborough by Mr. Cleary, which was as follows:— "Rev. and Dear Father,—As the time when you must leave us is fast approaching, we, your devoted flock, desire to tender you some outward token of the deep and undying regard which is enter tained for you in the hearts of your people. Though three years have elapsed since your arrival amongst us, so speedily have they fled in love and concord that they seem as so many months. During that short period, however, you have accomplished throughout this extensive parish works that will remain with us as monuments of your unflagging zeal and ever - watchful interest in our spiritual and temporal welfare. You have freed our presbytery from a heavy burden of debt, furnished and beautified our churches, maintained our Catholic school in an efficient manner, originated and fostered various religious sodalities, and in every way proved yourself a true and good pastor. To every good and holy work you have brought an ardent interest and a nice and discriminating taste, two qualities which excel even amongst many others in your character scarcely less conspicuous. No charitable movement felt the absence of your kindly co-operation. Yours was the master mind that regulated all our enterprises; yours the noble example that spoke so eloquently to our hearts. At the bed of death, whose hand was gentler to smooth the brow of the depart ing, or prepare the weary feet of the penitent for the last long journey, than your own ? We had learned fondly to hope that you would be permitted to remain with us, not only to complete the works begun by your predecessors, but to see the completion of the many others begun or contemplated by yourself. Providence has decreed otherwise —we must separate; and, as you leave us for a distant land, our tears and prayers will follow you across the ocean, while your spirit and the cherished memory of your goodness will linger for ever in the hearts of the Catholics of Maryborough.—Signed, on behalf of the congregation—Thos. Casey, Chair man ; Jas. M'Hale, Hon. Treasurer; J. N. Cleary, Hon. Secretary, Maryborough, 19th January, 1892." Fr. Lemire replied as follows:—The first thing I have to say to you is to promise Mr. M'Hale, on behalf of my self and the Fathers of the Holy Ghost Order, that we will fall in with his desires and try to take a holiday and see more of the colony, so that we may be enabled to report to our superiors at home and, if possible, induce them to send another batch of Fathers of the holy order to this colony. No words of mine could express my gratitude for the very beautiful words of your address, for the liberal offerings of your generosity, and, above all, for the feelings which prompted you to offer them both to me on this the eve of my departure from Maryborough. When I look back on the three years spent in your midst, I have many reasons indeed to be grateful to God and yourselves. When I first placed my feet on this altar, I had before me a task and work which seemed quite beyond my under taking. The difficulties seemed so great and numerous, that had I known them— had they been fully realised by our superiors—probably I would never have worked here in this parish. . . . You threw your hearts and soul into the work, and that marvellous union of priests and people has enabled us to do the work and the wonders of these three years. Much praise—too much praise— is given to me, but I cannot help thinking that I deserve at least the praise of having done my duty. (Applause.) And this is enough for me; and when I return home and give to our superior an account of ay mission, I think I can tell him honestly that with the people the name of my order has not been stained—(applause)—and can tell him of this grand manifestation of love and sympathy. I can tell him that the people of this parish will forever venerate the name of the Fathers of the Holy Ghost; and I must tell him, too, that not only in Maryborough, but in every parish of the diocese, we have found friends that have prayed to keep us, and would at all times open their homes, their hearts, and their purses to keep us and to bring us back. (Applause.) Your address refers to the work which has been commenced, but not finished. Indeed, I am sorry to part with you—sorry, not because I leave a beautiful home, not because the place is out of debt, not because the moneys so heartily given by you have been so freely spent, but because I have to leave at the very beginning of my work. However, you are left in good hands, and I am very glad to send from this altar words of welcome and greetings to the Mother priest who will have charge of the mission; and I can say that nothing has given me more comfort in this ordeal than the kind and generous writing of my successor, and I feel confident that in his hands the work will prosper and advance. This town of Maryborough, thanks to the energy of its citizens, will soon have its position as a leading town of Victoria, and I feel sure you will not permit the Church to remain behind. I also feel sorry to leave because the great object of my mission has not been accomplished—has not even been com menced. The education of the children is as dear to the Catholic Church as the apple of her eye, and Maryborough, in the plan I formed and fostered, was to be a centre of Catholic education, and it was the dream of my life, the aim of my work, the hope of my future years, to see, besides the church on the hill, the home of God beside the home of the priest— to see a noble building where your children would find the teaching of their faith hand in hand with the teaching and imparting of a sound and noble secular education. And I was not wrong in foster ing those dreams, for I can honestly say, had it been our good fortune to remain, my superior at home would not have re fused to send assistant priests who would not only be a help to me, but who would make it their particular duty to raise and maintain a school which would be a credit to yourself as much and more than which your church and presbytery are at the present day. It would have been an imprudent work, a foolish work—to start the school sooner. In places like this, we cannot rush in any and every good undertaking which may have a claim on our sympathy and purses. One work at a time is the safe road to success. Yes, I candidly tell you to day that I regret our departure for that particular reason, and that it seems to me that I have done very little, because that work has not been accomplished. At the same time I think that before the face of any one—bishop, riest, and people—I can say I Eave done what possibly could be done, and that of all the people of this congregation none, perhaps, feel it more than the little ones of the school. Your school has been maintained in the midst of all kinds of difficulties, and has opened its doors to men who, on account of their work, were particularly fit to inspect schools and examine sohool children. The material comfort of the little ones has been better attended to, and none of you will forget the beautiful ceremonies of die first communion of our children, and the entertainments they have given publicly to their parents and friends. I Your address alludes to our presbytery and churches. Indeed, you nave reason to feel proud of yourselves, for I am quite safe to say that perhaps in the whole colony there is no parish on a better standing than your own, and that everything speaks of your generosity* Thank God, you are not a rich congregation; but your humble shillings given on Sundays, or collected by the devoted ladies of the congregation, have enabled us to mftke each and every one of our churches more worthy of the great mysteries therein performed. . I iiave little more to say, though I feel that « longer response would fit is with the occasion. I must again thank you all, people of Maryborough, for your generosity, your help, your love, and your sympathy. And in those thanks I include all the district, people of Avoca, Amphitheatre, Eddington, Timor, Carisbrook, and Majorca. I am happy to say that * great deal of the feelings which divided onr people have been calmed down, and that in a near future you can look forward to the day when ill the people of the parish will be like one man, and that on occasions like St Patrick's Pay or the Irish National meetings, you will all make one of the best stands that Irish Catholics can make in this eolony. I must also thank all the various assooia. tions and committees of the parish, the old residents of this town and district who have been building the old end new church, and are showing to yc tions the example of pure generosity. And lastly, but not least, the young men. Though not desiring to ignore the claims of the old people, and to forget their work, we cannot but help feeling that our young men will soon have in their hands the work entrusted up to this to the old residents, and that too much care cannot be given to the rising generation of Soman Catholics. I also must thank our good Bedemptorist Fathers. They have been brothers to me, and much, very much, of the praise given to me ought to go to them. I also must thank my neighbouring friends of Clunes and Inglewood for their kindness and help and sympathy, and of all I must say that none has stood to be so sincerely as Fr. O'Hare. Now, I must finish this too long address, and one word alone remains for me—a word which I had not the heart to speak last Sunday—and that word is good-bye to each and every one; and when I look for the last time from this place to you, I cannot help feeling that I would be particularly thankful to God if it ever was my privilege to work and labour for an Irish-Catholic congregation. (Loud applause.) Mr. J. N. Cleary, the secretary-of the presentation committee, proposed a vote of thanks to the Fathers of the Holy Ghost Order and the other rev. gentlemen present that evening. Mr. £. J. G. Jolly, in seconding the motion, remarked that the colony had sustained a calamitous loss in the breaking up of the Holy Ghost College. The motion was carried with acclamation, and the Fathers present suitably acknowledged the compliment, each gentleman referring in eulogistic terms to the labours of Fr. Lemire. A vote of thanks to the chairman and parishioners was proposed by Fr. Lemire, seconded by Fr. O'Farrell, and carried. The proceedings then terminated, Fr. Lemire bidding good-bye to each of his parishioners as they left the building. The total amount of the testimonial to Fr. Lemire is £150. The rev. gentleman leaves Maryborough to vmorrow. (Colac Herald, 22nd January!) Tuesday evening was made the occasion of a farewell banquet to Fr. Shine, prior to his departure to Camperdown, by the members of the Catholic Young Men's Literary Association. There was a good attendance, and the greatest interest was manifested in the proceedings, which were protracted until a late hour. Speeches . were delivered by all ^present, which showed that the society hadnotbeenin existenceto no purpose, and a more pleasant or social gathering could not have been wished for. The chair was occupied by the president (Mr. John Bradley), he having the guest of the evening on his right hand side. After "The Pope" ana usual loyal toasts had been honoured, the president gave "Health and Prosperity to Fr. Shine." In doing so, he said he need hardly remind them of the deep interest their guest had taken in the welfare of the society, as well as that of the Catholic community of the district. Mr. M'Mahon, in well»chosen words, supported the toast, stating that, as a constant attendant at the meetings, none knew better than he of the warm support accorded the society by Fr. Shine, at a juncture, too, when the services of a cultured mind and devoted head were urgently needed. Athoqgh the meetings had been rather poorly attended at first, Fr. Shine was never discouraged, and, unless under unavoidable circumstances, they could always rely on his presence. He had contributed his quota like any member whenever occasion demanded, and the articles he had written at various times proved interesting in the extreme. He felt assured that, while deploring Fr. Shine's echoing member wished removal, he was but rethe sentiments of every the room when he long life, health and him the discharge of his happiness in duties. Eulogistic testimony ecclesiastical was also adduced by Mesm. Hill,Gately, Minto, Gleeson, Bradshaw, and others. The toastwas then drank with musical honours. Fr. Shine responded at length. He said they had completely taken him by surprise, afcd had he known (that they were going to the-trouble, the extent of which bore ample proof in the exquisite collection placed before them, he doubted whether ne would have given his consent to be present. However, he was more than delighted at the kind reception, but, he feared, far too flattering remarks they had proffered in proposing the toast of hie health. He bad only done his doty with regard to the society, and he felt sorry indeed to separate from them when it was on the road to success. Many people were under the erroneous impression that there was bo good to be derived (rem eoeUfties^nsQuu fliiee.iinl it felt certain flut imprwden wonla "be removed. The objects of the society— viz., the social, intellectual, and spiritual advancement of its members—ought to commend themselves to every Catholic young man. He concluded by thanking all for their generosity and kindness, of and which he would ever remember. Although separated from them, he would still bear a fond hope for their welfare, and aid them whenever possible by'every means at his disposal. (Applause.) Mr. E. Malone then proposed "Catholic Societies," which, he said, were necessary institutions. Eighteen mouths ago there were none in the district, but within that Bpace of time two had developed into seasonable proportions— the H.A.C.B. Society, of which they had a flourishing branch in Colac, and the Young Men's Society. The latter had made a hard struggle, but he believed was now established. "Catholic Education" was proposed by Mr. Roach. The health of Fr. Nelan, Fr. Shine's successor, and several other toasts were honoured. Songs, etc., were given during the evening, and the company dispersed with " Auld Lang Syne." 