yass, y OLD AND MEW. (By the Wrecker.) IT Hard by the old store in Rossi-street wherein the Burlesque Bushrangers' Banquet was holden was the old cottage, occupied at the time as an office by the'late Lewis Adam Windeyer (a lawyer of brilliant but alas unfulfilled promise), on the threshold of which was found one morning the dead body of David Melville the first Council Clerk the Yass Corporation ever had. Melville was one of the pioneers of western pastoral settlement— one of its failures — a kindhearted generous old fellow, but about as well fitted to discharge the duties of a municipal official as Andy the black would have been. By the way, there is no more mistaken policy than that too often taken by public authorities of appointing incapables to billets out of charity or sympathy. Yass gaol looks as ugly as ever : (mem. no gaol should ever be built in the centre of a ownship). Its facade that " gives " on the river or rather towards the river presents 2 really hideous aspect to eyes approaching, the town from North Yass. A little planting of ornamental trees, if practicable, "foreninst" it would be a "boon and a blessing." The new Court House is very grand indeed and well deserving of its uniformed keeper and that functionary's quite splendid quarters (nothing less than the roomy old telegraph office and telegraph master's residence). The keeper does keep the place to-rights, though ; and he may well be proud of his charge since architecturally the Fass Court-house is quite the best provincial thing of its kind in the colony. Goulburn Court-house is an eyesore' and so also is the recently erected monstrosity .put up at Newcastle. Rare goings on have I witnessed in the old Court-house, what time Charles Hamilton Walsh and the then young Jack Want, the " ditto " Pilcher and Scarvell and Allman and Kit Dease and Forbes and Ted Lee and many another clever and genial limb o' the law used to plead before Cheeke or Hargrave or Meymott or Francis. How good old Francis hated the jesuistry of attorney practice ! How Meymott ogled all pretty female witnesses ! How — but a truce io all this— a paper's column " rules " are not elastic, and sufficient for to-day are the lawyers thereof ! Perhaps the mostesensational scene ever witnessed in the old Court-house wis when ' Munday was committed for the murder of the Conroy's of Conroy's Gap — six victims, their bodies, had been carted in, in their. blood, and the balf- mad wild-beast like assassin"— a grue- tome spectacle The triii of ex-C, P. S. a"d ex-Land Agent l'oole for wholesale embezzle- ment of Government funds wa- also a sensa tional trial that produced immense excitement in Yass. Poole subsequently became the London correspondent ol the Melbourne Argus. Yass hr-" supplied Sydney with the material for two S'.dfamdiary "beaks" in the persons of Leopold Yates and Money Fisher, but I am bound to confess that neither of them has particularly distinguished himself on the metro politan bench, though the former's painstairing- ness and scrupulosity won recognition. Mrs. Warner, the active and kindly, with a pleasant face like a benediction — a public institution of much importance (how many Yassitca has she ushered into the worlj, I wonder I) — and her cottage are still to the fore. Good luck and prosperity to her ! 'Twas just after passing her cottage, that my mind's eye noted the wierd apparition of Mick the German crossing the street, arrayed in the ghosts of those extraordinary pantaloons which probably approached as nearly to the ideal of sartorial art-Zcwness as the infirmities of human (tailor's) nature would permit. A rare clean - lincss-hater was Mick I The ruddy Protestant Hall is a new local institution"; as also is the local division of the Salvation Army, the members whereof evi dently believe that there is no such pleasure in life as when ba ng-wang-waug goes the drum, tootle-te-tootle the fife. John Osborne, whilom minister of the Wes- leyan Church, now edits the " Star" Yass never had a more earnest and able preacher than he — a man every inch of him ; too much so, indeed, for the unco orthodox. Ascending Rossi-street, when passing round Laidlaw's hill, it struck me forcibly what a great opportunity Tom Laidlaw missed of handing down his memory to the perpetual benediction of all future generations of Yass- ites, when he didn't leave that lovely ridge as 2 Park to the town and district which made him. What the Review of Reviews (March number) said apropos ol the late Right Hon. W. H, Smith would apply well to Laidlaw's case. This is what it said : — " The spectacle ol an enormous fortune accumulated by a monopoly in a single lifetime, the possessor of which made no provision in his will for the return of even one per cent of it to the city in the midst of which he had made his wealth naturally set people thinking." Just so I The condition of the lovelily situated Yass Cemeteries, though not lip top, will contrast very favourably with that of many God's acres in other parts of this colony. Some day perhaps the different sects will combine to keep them in perfect order and to utilise (with something like (esthetic treatment) the piece of ground so thoughtfully given by kindly J. B. Sharp as an entrance .way to the several places of burial. Strange, isn't- it ? that for one community there should be several places of burial, each fenced off from each ! "Some lnivo the Koran, some the Cross ; God is revoa-letl in many ways ; The bloody sword of other days, The various cries and saintly gloss | Of those, can only help to craze The countless tribes of every zone. ' The Bibles, Korans, testaments t I Illumine not the dark events I Whon we shall stand before the Throno j Or mingle with the elements." I Surely a common cemetery should suit ! creautros so situated. 