THE JfEW CHURCH DF EXGLAKD. - LAYING THE MEMORIAL STONE. On the afternoon of Thursday, the 2nd inst-., an event of large irappr tance in the history of Ivyabram, took place, in the laying of the memorial stone of the Olmrcii of England, by the Right' Rev. -Bishop Goe, P.D., Bishop of Melbourne. The ;Ven. Archdeacon Herring- (Lviltnore), and Revs Sandfqrd, rural dean (EchucH), J. A-. White (Rochester),-jand Walker (Rushworth) also took part in the ceremonies, which were witnessed, by a large'concourse of people. -In ac cordance with the ancient custom of the church; ecclesiastical buildings are called after the. saint \\\’hose name appears on the calendar nearest to the date on which the memorial .stone is laid, so that the’-Kyabraui church will be known as the Church of St. Andrew. '' ; The clergy having assembled around: the stone, MrJ.’iE. Edis,/j'uiA:'; the! secretary to the Kvabram congrega tion, presented the Bishop -with :a; silver trowel and read the following address of welcome :— t:To the Loro Bishop op Mel-' bourne.—-On behalf of the members of the Church of England resident in Kyab ram and the surrounding district, we beg to heartily welcome you on this your first, visitto our township. We trust that the interesting ceremony which has brought you amongst us will be of great benefit and pleasure to yourself, to us the mem bers of your church, and to the district at large. We hope the stone to be laid by you to-day as the foundation stone of our new church, will prove a blessing to our neighborhood, and that it will tend to j raise humanity to a higher state of spiri tual life—that this stone about to be laid I will be the base of a lasting monument in our township. Trusting that your I lordship may long be spa red to preside over this important diocese, and with best | wishes for the good health and welfare cf 1 Mrs Goe and yourself, we are, my lord, yours faithfully,—H. UNlTTaud B. God dard, trustees ; T. G. Un'IXT, treasurer ; J. E. Edib. Juxk., secretary.1’ The Bishop expressed pleasure at the kindly welcome that had been accorded him, and rejoiced that he had been permitted to visit Kyabram on such an auspicious occasion. He hoped the township and district would continue to progress and prosper. The special order of service was then commenced, Archdeacon Herring leading, the assembled people joining in the responses. The Bishop then explained the object of the gathering, in the follow ing words :— Dearly beloved in the Lord, — lb is customary in the erection of public build ings to lay with solemnity some principal stone, to represent t-lie foundation or corner stone. In accordance with this custom -ve are now assembled to lay t-lie foundation stone of a building to be dedi-. cated to the special service' of God. Let us then remember how it is' written— “ Except the Lord build the house, their labor is hut lost that build it; except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain;”- and let us implore the blessing of God on this our undertaking. Prayers were offered up aud Psalm 8-1 recited. Then followed a lesson from the 3rd chapter of St. Paul’s first epistle to the Corinthians,- and :the, Apostle’s creed. ; r“ t Copies of the •* Argus ’’ and K.yab ranvFree Press” were placed sin a sealed jar in the cavity under the stone, also., a, scroll ..bearings the following inscription :— . . ; ' “To the glory of God and to the wel fare of His holy church this building dedicated to St-. Andrew Ls being erected by the people of Kyabram and district. On the first day of December, one thou sand eight hundred and ninety two this foundation stone of the Anglican church in Kyabram was duly .and truly laid by the Lord Bishop of the diocese of' Mel bourne in the presence of the clergy of the Northern district and a large congre gation. The church building has been begun in the sure.belief of its great use fulness hot only to the members of the’ Anglican church, bub to the district.at large. This stone was laid in the seventh year of the consecration of the Right llev! Field Flowers Goe, D.D., Bishop of the diocese. The venerable J. E.;Her ring, Archdeacon of the district, and Mr Jas. T. Bate, reader in charge, th® mem bers of the committee being—B. Goddard, H. Dnitt, R. St. J. Mitchell, IV. Clcmeu'ts, John Lilford, .Richard Haslem, Stephen Harris. Samuel Bell, John Pell, Samuel Hunt, William Hunt,. R. Brunt, A. E. Tulloh, John ,E. ' Edis,-junr.y (lion, secre tary) and T. G. Hnitt (lion, treasurer).” The stone was. lowered, placed in position and fixed by the Bishop, who said.:— • - ■ - "In the faith, of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I-lay'this /foundation stone of a^ church tcrbe called. J3t. Andrew’s 'Church*;' Kyabntm,~‘in; 'tli'c' name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.” . • », Hymn 89-l having' been sung, and further prayers offered rip, the Bishop delivered a short address,-in- which ho thanked the congregation for the handsome trowel presented to him in commemoration of the great event of the day. Ihc laying of a founda tion stone was a time of hope. It was impossible to estimate the grand results that would follow from the beginning made that day. They should all offer up prayers for the success of the undertaking. When in London on one occasion he was admiring a handsome pile of buildings, and was told by a gentleman that the block was built on prayer. That was a splendid foundation for a church, with Christ for the corner stone. He hoped no accidents would take place during the progess of the building, and that the workmen employed would do nothing that was out of keeping with the sanctity of the edifice they were raising, lie prayed that God’s blessing would rest on the church when completed and that it would ' be filled with devout worshippers, who would .be able to say. with the Psat-. miifc “I.was glad when they said let us go into the bouse of the Lord.”’ The singing of hymn 305 ^Anci ent and Modem) by the people, tmd the pronouncing of the benedic tion by the bishop closed- the proceed ings. 