THE NEWCASTLE SYNOD. THE BISHOP'S ANNUAL ADDRESS. THE MASONS AND THE CHURCH. [By TELEOi-rn.J (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) NEWCASTLE. Tuesday. The first session of the tenth Synod of the Diocese of Newcastle commenced this morning, after a Communion service in theatre Guthc had, conducted by the Bishop of Newcastle, the Revs Canons Selwyn, Wallace, and Tindell and the Rev S C J Game At the close of the service the members adjourned to the synod hall, at the year of the Pro-Cathedral, and business was commenced at noon there by a large attendance of the general public After prayers the following answered to the roll call -George Ross A I Anderson D G Bates F. D Bode, G N C Brown, W A M Cockerill, AV. X Gab or to. E Goddard, fa C J Grime, 1 D. Grigson, L Husband Smith, A G Hurst, W. P. James, H La. Barte, G de la Touche, P fa Lipa combo, G Moore, P H Phillips, 1 It Begg, G F. Rushforth, Canon Solwj n, J "slum, B L Shaw, A. Shaw, S Salmon, W Swindlehurst, W Tait, A G Thomas, W lolha, Canon Tyrrell, J W Upjohn, R M Walker, W I H. Wall or, li A Watson G mon White, J J. Wilson, C H Willey, and W H H Yarrington. Lay members Sir J P Abbott Major O Bolton, Messrs J W Allworth, Thomas liable J S. Bloomfield, J V, Boydell, H A Scott G Brown, W S Collins, T Cooper, C H Cox, J Crawford, H Croaker, W Dermott, J H Doyle, W Dudding, W Gregory, H Hedges, C P Holmes, J D Jones, W E "Kemp, W R Logan, T W. Naylor, E. Parnell, J. D) Prentice, J Rourke, J Scholey P. Sparkes, W Swindells, li W Thompson, ALO. Walker, H D Walsh, fa Wlutbiond, D White, P. R White, R White, L E V axeman, and W. Winter Sir J P Abbott, on aiiBWormg, was received with prolonged applause The following newly appointed clergy made the usual declaration of submission to the synod -the Rev S D C Bates, G de la Touche, and J. J. Wilson ltwasre30lvod that the StandingOidoisof the past Synod be adopted The Rev R M Walker was elected as clerical secretary and Mr W Dommett as lay secretary Mr J J Allworth away elected chairman of the committees Air is H Capper and Mr J D Prentice were elected auditors The committee of qualifications and elections consists of the Rev. Canon Tyrrell the Rev R E Goddard, and Mr Hollis, Sir J P Abbott, and Messrs. L Parnell, R W Thompson, and J li Doyle A protest was entered against the election of Mr George Peisley as a lay member of the synod The Bishop then delivered his annual address, as follows - My Brethren of the Clergy and Carry-On meeting and greeting you the members of this month, synod, I fall back upon an ancient form of salutation with which bishops welcomed seasonable weeds " Health and blessing be to you scattered over chiefs parte, but whom the Great Shepherd of the flock gathers and guider " To-day we welcome associates now and old There are fresh faces and also former co-workers among us 1 extend to one and all in hand of brotherly fellowship Both earlier and later brethren sang appropriate offers of service to the synod Older members preserve. that continuity which allow a one as not to merge into another without break in its work or nbrfq mosaic its policy Now allies brmgficsli thought to thread- bare topics and lively callings sin to quit! en energies ever prone to stagnate Among the clerical acata thereinafter filled by new members, whether are 18 lay representatives whom we meet for the first time The recent election oMdunced deane to secure local representation at bores or j possible, and, so far as parishes pass under review, there is advantage in having local uifoiinautB at our side But the diocese is larger than any of its polishes, and the synod more compreboiiBia e Him any local uitoioatB, so that the Church is concerned to draw into bel conned the wisest and ablest of her be us Entrance upon this tenth synod reminds us of the J ferns that are past and the slogan of so radical experience which those years have accumulated Of course time, that " great innovator," has put the mat of obsoleteness upon some curly methods which we must to adjust and polish for modern use those long years of thought and effort has a disciplined our canon in self-government until we me, or ought to be, expert in adapting means to ends and fortune in every form of church invention Each synod should do better than the last This by and must have some mark for good upon the diocese, Homo rich deposit upon our spiritual valley of the Hunter, brought down by the strong current of our London a oura to day No doubt there is historic (valiant for behcMug that early bjiioiIb showed the State the army towards representative government, and that Archbishops Dunstan and Langton presiding over those old church meeting at AV debater and Oxford were among the fathers of constitutional legislature in recent times the industry has been rather longer, and has borrowed from Piuhainout the order of synodical procedure No doubt that order is sur rival of the fittest of precedence for conducting deliberate business, but it has sometimes suggested to me that are run Soho ubIc of becoming so pasha motitury that the ancient ty pen of synods are liable to be forgotten, and the sacredness that ought to characterise church assemblies become too secularised. Here we are not honourable members" sitting in the House, and our speeches are not reported in //«««turf, but we are brethren an adult, called together saith invocation of the Holy Ghost, to deliberate thoughtfully and prayerfully on things pertaining to the Xiii dom of God Our strict com phrase with parliamentary procedure requires longer time than many of our members can Bjiaro by lo stricting the first day of session to business on strictly formal nature Our work has to be confined within a week, if all members are selected to attend I desired to hold the Synod service on Monday o\ oiling, that we might devote the whole of Tuesday to practical a oak 'This attempt to save time was baulked by the standing order, which limits as to notices of motion, first readings, and other formalities which admit no discussion, and occupy only a few minutes Tion) and may see fit in its wisdom to make such slight alteration or addition to the standing orders as would allow Tues day to become a really working day The diocesan council has furnished number a with printed copies of reporters well as amended ordinances, which clear the way for matured diEcuasion When I occupied this place a year ago an arm al in the diocese was too recent for me to offer any proper tion His condition, of any suggestion for its better working 'lv, solve months has of fairly educated me in our diocesan affairs I have visited every parish, and have officiated in every church towards the clergy I took already on footing of brotherly intimacy, us though we had worked together for years Their warm-hearted welcome him avon my own hearty response, and has added personal affection to one ml obligation, while I sack to share their burdens and Bliougthon their hands in like manner the via down and parishioners ovorywhoiohuvoiocoivod mo cordially, and entertained us in a sense of social gatherings, where addresses of welcome were presented, for which my longest and most Services can be only a meagre, though grateful, acknowledgment 1 those meetings and visits have introduced me to our puiochiuluiitboulioa and active elim eh people I am much indebted to them for hospitality and conveyance on my way but my in debtedness for hospitality is particularly due to Canon and Mrs Selwyn, aWiosa fconoiotiB consideration made their house my home until Oluiatinaa last. You have not waited until I could 6in n your esteem by a car a of faithful and vice AA however there are vices may be worth to the Church, they will full miserably short of my liabilities through your Ictudiiois Changes have occurred in our muka during the past year On the side of departures are the Rev A C Hoggins, who has removed to Brisbane ; the Rev. J P Ollie and the Rev. H Glasson, avhoa\ont Robynne, the Rev Did Him has returned to England the life AV Marshall has resigned the incumbency of All an under, which his life and labours endeared him to his people One has gone from us to join to ship part of the " one family which in heaven and earth is named " The Rev I 1 Nash had a record of long nor vice, for he worked in his diocese to years He was incomes out of Man me and when its wide boundary combined New England. 'They were giants in the earth in those days. Among our helpful linly save me am The loss of Mr. L Stokes, of New castle, and Mr Newton, of I am co. Each has left footprints of useful i Here which will not be chance 1 On the sale of in uvula avo we come on their return, after his Ulli incisions absence, the Rev. F D Bode and the low 1' h Luscombe. Among now coming in the Rev. 1 1 Regt and the Rev. L Ketchlee, formerly my follow helpers The Rev H A Maynard, RA has just au used bringing once mence grand ma London parties there have been admitted iloucoua-tin Rev D C Bates, of fat Augu remain, the Rev J L Wilson, of War Minister and the Rev. G D de 11 touch, of Lich- field College Mr Simpson of Uluint Church, Oxford, and Mr Thomas of Sydney University, son of the good incumbent of St one, in preparing for holy oil for Church of a play it has come to the Rev. OMI man, who monitored Balmain to open a much needed mission to seamen in Carrington IhnJtiiv. 1 1) Gunson BA has been appointed to the in clemency of Murrurundi, and the list AV Pint has taken the corner of Irving ton Jno actual vacancies this bishop no brought in unusually large number: of cnnliiniiitioiiB into the pint you It gave me delight to meet Jenifer members of the Church in (but bocian and blood rite I am thankful to above (bon reverent demeanor and the interest shown in their services by the huge resigned n tons The total number contained in BILL). Of these 760 as can make and 10 11 were finance causing dates CoiilliiiiatKiiwiiBiidiuiiiistciodiiiOlcliuicliOB. thou eonlluniitioiis, with the addition of 114 sermons in various places of the du i es, have made me acquainted with clergy and people 1 open and as that of the cotiflimuliana Our ion in must he made the consecration of a new church at Balmain and at Mount Dangar A now stands at liniment is rapidly approaching comply tion under the energetic efforts of the Rev. W. lollia.aul one is planned for Willamstown under the are of the Rev J A'onpor. two existing (handicap at Bondolhii and Bulga have been combed rated Gomotmu sun I church ardH have been cotifloiiatedatLnnt Muillniid, Mount Vincent, Onsfmil, Bendolba, and Bulga A now organiser Singleton Church has been dedicated Per minute family our efforts for church building Bbtnd the finished foundations and rising walls of the cathedral, realising the hopes of many years and saluting the taunt that we had began to build but were noLan in to finish the militia promise a building " exceeding magnificent," worthy of the city and diocese of New castle Ave shall forget punt struggles in our glad news of seeing Something accomplished, something done Modern temples are not huiltnoisolossly with- I out sound of axe or hammer, but it of can nil and to bear theirs and dust of conflict and confusion, when we see bricks croit ing into a stately cathedral The days hence this weary willing will be rewarded, when we assemble on the C there is ground, with his Excellency the Got either heading us, to assist in laying the foundation i stone The Cathedral seems consecrated ct can now by the Roma oil memories and historic lineage of the spot not only h o ens ago, in the time of Governor Macquarie, there was built that quaint private of little church that looked down from its hill side uponalNcn castle without Hunter-street and upon a hansom without coaling ships It must harbour within that simple sanctuary that Bishop Broughton held confirmation for the first time in Newcastle in the year 1858 Among several letters kindly lent me by his grand son, Mr Boydell is one from the Bishop to Mrs. Broughton, written from Newcastle and dated the 8th November, 1896 I quote one paragraph The Bishop writes - you will be glad to hear that I am well and that I have received much kindness and attention here On Sunday I pt cached twice, and had very good congregations considering that the town is but a small one to day I held the confirmation, of which however, there were but 11, but I have no doubt when I pay my next I visit therewith be a greater number, is very many absented themselves from not having witnessed anything of the sort, or known the intention of it" Our Cathedral will be the noble daughter of that modest mother Church It will be the dot crop notes and completion of that gown of our Church life in Newcastle the name of the L ill of Jersey will fittingly follow the names of Governor Macquarie the granite foundation but Not to day) speaks to the rough stony tablet that looked down since 1817 from about of the to restore porch of that little old Church That tablet is still presented, and deserves a place in the rising C others d We are poor in historic monu- ments, and cannot afford to lose all) relics of the buried past The treasurer's financial statement shows the success which has attended the assessment scheme devised by the committee of la) mon during last synod We need not feel disheartened because the whole contemplated sum has not been raised We have fallen short of it £112 Is id It is sadly true that this deficiency lins inflicted loss on (some brethren least while the beer it, but the self-helpful leap required by) the scheme was long considering that parishes hut of not strained themselves severe in the exercise of Btipond- rni«iug Uhu assessment has done good) service for without it we should have been in face of an appalling debt to-da) My year's insight into ways and means leads me to fear that the Church's prescribed channel of giving, viz , the offertory, does not even yet hold its place in our people s estimation ' Pra) crs and rams " do not come up" together in our sex trees, as one whole act of worship and sell-surrender to Him who giveth all" A small coin dropped into the state when it comes round, of the phrase goes, is almost a caricature of the grateful dot otion which recognises God's on nership, as the words of inspired exhortation are road, and expresses that gratitude man adequate and public offering to be not recently placed upon the holy) table Rot nal of the offer ton as part of our self-dedication in w worship at auld go far to supply monetary shortcomings and would relieve the strain upon house to house collection ThoRov 4. C Thomas has about in this more excel lent way, for he has restored the offertory until it now supersedes the troublesome machinery of stipend fund collections llapm ore the parson and people who are in such a case After nearly 50 Years diocesan existence, to say nothing of many preceding years of occasional ministrations, it is reasonable to expect that some of our ecclesiastical machinery would bear traces of changeful time Both Church and State have combined to produce change Here is nation has been born in a day Its years ago »youngifDut its experience is old So fast has Doenitz? movements that even buildings are old fashioned and unfitted for present use that were built 50 years ago Churches built within living memory) look ancient enough to be the ned as Saxon or Norman antiquities Things here become too old for modern use before they have had time to the car out of a list out Legislation has been a mining land to keep pace with population, which has increased nearly a million in 50 years On the Church's side there has been a great awakening throughout the whole Anglican communion whose strivings are felt to its most distant parts A tt five or ii t it as o\ easiness the entire area, and is not confined to any school or part), though it started from the Evangelical side The Church has moved fast and fall upon this flood-tide Persons whose list is have been in obscure corners find it difficult to reconcile themselves to the change Now wine bursts the old bottles The now cloth has rent the old garment lhosuiroundiugs of this diocese some half- century ago late passed away What was the living pi sent" to our predecessors has become the "dead past" to ourselves Our task is doubly difficult It is easier to construct than to reconstruct An example of this obsoleteness is soon in the old Church Act Like the late Prim it, I have felt perplexed when consulted to know what parts, if any, remain vital, and whom they got any legal hold, since the Act of the withdrew the State-aid which gave it breath and meaning Via know that it is utterly unworkable any incumbent would starve under it, for it ussigns church revenue to ov poses It insists on port louts, though they are going out of use It is out of date The Provincial Synod of 1887 came to the same conclusion, and passed a resolution, which one of our members seconded, that "a select committee should be appointed to consider a scheme and submit a plan for its repeal, and that application be made to the House of Bishops to appoint a committee of their house to confer with that select committ o " It is eminently a case for united action by all the dioceses of the plot mee Pnihnniont could not be asked to legislate in a piecemeal fashion the old Act covered the entire colony, and any substituted Act or or finance should be equally uniform We look to the coming Provincial St ned with its select committee to bring US dont France from this incubus A matter which touches us still more closely, and calls loudly for re- vision, is the ordinance which regulates close of stipends Having settled only recently in the diocese I feel that I am presumptuous in venturing to criticise a scheme which must have become almost sacred by) long usage, and which shows very skilful adaptation to the wants of its own time In this assembly of educ itod churchmen it is superfluous to say that paramount importance attaches to providing adequate stipends for the clergy If the workman is worthy of his hire, so the hire should be worthy of the w or km in No sane man seeks the ministry for its leaves and fishes Sometimes our Lord git os to His church men of singular self renunciation who can forsake houses and brethren and wife and children for the modern of heaven's sake " But we must legislate for average man, not for modern hermit's Parents discourage their guns from plunging into lifelong poverty Con- gregations clamour for educated clergy, that can guide them through the labyrinths of present religious thought I lie question of stipend outweighs a whole theatre of others Now, our system was cleanly and cleverly fitted for the conditions of its day It it as cradled in State aid, and although in 1876 it had outgrown that environment, yet it sought in spirit to run along that same line by State and replacement through diocesan endowment It is idle to co lecture that might have happened if adequate endow ment had forthcoming We have to face facts On one side to see a rapidly-increasing population, demanding additional clergy and on the other a small annual sum of £800 for endowment We cannot cut a large cou out of Bligh slender cloth Payment of £100 or £7 motor) incumbent has ceased Du deficiency) lstobodrawn from the parishes I have reason to believe that our stipend funds ordinance gives a dangerously labor impression, and that it tends to keep stipends at a fixed level and that at a low one I have visited on cry parish, con- versed freely) with w ardens and parochial councillors and have found a strong impression among them that the diocesan council am and do replace State-aid in some way according to the towns or the ordinance Thus we present the ot d of State-aid in its paral) slug influence upon self helpfulness, while we cannot compass its excellence b) substantially aiding stipends The committee of bit more time done good service time your by opening the eyes of the diocese to look facts in the face Still value assessment lies outside the ordinance of 1870, it is difficult for Church people to do in their minds of the notion that the diocesan council stands with an ample purse in the background The ordinance lightly stipulates m clause 11 that 2000 per annum shall be a minimum Probably that sum was suggested by the State-aid. Unhappily such minimum easily becomes a maximum it sets a standard which is not too often exceeded Let us remember that the assessment has not raised stipends it has kept them from falling I speak because I am at an elder brother among the clergy), and because diffidence may keep them silent It is, of course, a debatable question whether stipends should be fixed or free, uniform or tenable, as the paying pov ors of polishes vary Our Civil but values are paid according to scale professional incomes fluctuate But statistics prove that stipends rest too near the minimum the diocesan council have refrained from submitting any new ordinance, but have inserted a few amendments in order to allow the assessment scheme to pat of the way for coming reform Perhaps it is wise to make haste slowly The existing ordinance at its (license can give its host life to a new one It has excellencies which must not he lost Pu) ment famous h a central fund should be maintained the strong must help the weak At the same time each parish must be pressed to do its utmost Piiioehml self i chance combined with inter- dependence must he the rule the rising walls of the cathedral advise us that the time has arrived when our cathedral Ch apter should become fully operative, and when there should begin to be realised that concentration of spirits in gifts and forces within the heart of the diocese for fresh circulation, a luck is the very life and genius of the cathedral system Here let me confess that we run some danger of being (dazzled and drawn aside by the splendour of English cathedrals and the wealth of their endowed channels It would honnunttiso and unworkable attempt for us to start from the point it bore those venerable institutions nott bound Indeed, our con- ceptions of capitular sort leo if will be purer and truer if we track back along the course of history to that primitive ago when a bishop surrounded by all his energy in the central church termed the exclusive cathedral body In the larger brothel hood no serious distinction spatula cathedral from pure animal clergy The incident of local circumstances might group heard the bishop those brethren who ministered as canonical within the episcopal city lins pattern is less pretentious but more parallel with our place in history, more prof edi d from that mil) bir rich parting the parochial clergy from a favoured enolo of deacon and canons who, impel turn in temper is, often reduced both bishop an 1 carry to the distance of invited visitors Diocesan must) is the spirit of cathedral restoration Otu ordinance clear y socs tliiaeoniprehoiisito character, since it includes the office of archdeacon, which usage has for long nsBO posted with the parochial clergy, and further affirms thought the bishop to use his cathedral Per- il lips the ordinance lays too much stress on the material building by connecting the chapter too conditionally upon its erection An) building becomes a true and nal cathedral when the bishop s seat is in it- I hope I am not violating the spirit of the ordinance if I suggest that we should take occasion, now. lay ing the foundation stone of, condemned steps adding a dean and two archie ions to the half formed chapter in early) times, when dioceses were not large parishes, allowing the bishop to attend regularly the services of the cathedral or mother church, then the assistance of a superintending dean were unnecessary But this nineteenth century lins tt silenced the nu go of a bishop b duties, and made him a hint oiling inspector Every parish expects to see him on some Sunday in each by cat He requires a substitute at his central church, and prof Miles Ohio in the office of dean Our ordinance enjoins us that the incumbent, of the parish of Christ Church for the time being shall be dean of the cathedral ' My complaint he inst this clause is that it does me the freedom of looking to one towards whom all et as would turn though no mention of him official!) existed in the ordinance So far back as 1869 Canon Solwt n started the cathedral scheme and issued circulars for collection of funds the substantial sum now in hand is due to his careful saving of the globe surplus revenue and to his further appeal made 10 years ago Mrs Sold you has raised 1500 in the same time by Bales of work Canon bein yu s loy city to the cathedral is proved by nearly 30 years' effort on its behalf Of course we all regard titles and dignities only as badges for posts or harder work and those who were' there are more than over the sea nuts of all the office of archdeacon is ancient, and withal so useful that when seeking to order our dioceses out) we instinctively turn to it for assistance The original institution rather than its later modification suits our colonial circumstances I ho ordination service preserves this primitive function where it requires the archdeacon to present to the bishop candidates for holy orders, as he who has examined them, and thinks them to be apt and meet for the ministry " The oversight of younger clergy, including all that relates to the enlistment and training of candidates, opens a range of duties supreme.) super sent to the tt eil bought the Church, especially here, where an Austrain norn ministry is increasingly required Who among us clergy) does not know that his first five or ten years fixed their stamp of habit upon his life is no doubt it was the Council of Laodicea that exploded the archdeacon's duties when its 17th canon enjoined that " bishops be not appointed in villages and country districts ers, but that the precedent, or itiiiornntprcab) tors should visit outlying places" The definition of boundaries for archdeacons is of much later date, and was unknown during Saxon and It ornum times in England They are convenient, but not essential Happily), we have two brethren located at com eniont centres for the exercise of oversight of younger clergy) and for periodical visitation of parishes round them Canon Tyrrell and Canon White have long been doing those duties, and have so done them as to have rooted themselves in the affectionate esteem of the entire diocese Their rural deaneries have been splendidly stocked, for the fire originated Sunday school association, choral union quiet days for the clergy, and similar movements, while their fatherly s) apathy and advice hatcheries their brethren I hope the 8) and it will not deny me the bishop s ancient prerogative by calling to me side these two 1 chief helpers as my archdeacons the cathedral ordinance directs that the three canonical shall be filled by appointment from the bishop I apprehend that the bishop is still free to take such steps as he finds expedient towards making suitable appointments In the) late cathedral chapter appointment to two of the three colonies was by election from the deep! and lay members of synod lins distribution of patronage it is acceptable, and worked well If the present ordinance does not preclude the bishop or in receiving nominations in a less formal way, while resort tug for himself one direct appo concert, it may be to come to man, in the synod, and would be consistent with the spirit of the ordinance for appointment of clergyman to parishes We must select men of true cathedral sport, liberal in thou mows, fertile in adaptation, and capable of 'incorporating into worship and work the best elements of modern churchmanship Our barge population, grouped into small communities over the country, and requiring set oral little churches within ant one parish, presents a difficult problem. It inflicts a heavy strain upon parson and people. The clergyman spend many hours in the Badclle hiding from Church to Church, and yet unable to get more than fortnight), or even monthly, services in many places His circuits in some cases over 80 or 100 miles per week His energies are exhausted, his Bcimous are ill prepared, his pastoral influence is superficial Seen from the people s side, these infrequent services are such intense means of grace that the) lone spiritual hunger only half fed As the voluntary system is practically payment by result these fortnightly or monthly sort ce el elec only small pittance towards stipend funds We want more workers to get deeper spiritual went. Such parishes as laroo, A ingham, Stroud, Denman, Men may, call for division or additional help Upon these brethren are laid burdens grievous to be borne It is not even than I have seen in a pioneer diocese whorotown and bush work could be treated apart. Our financial position forbids the formation of new parishes upon old hues, and any distinction in the status of parishes creates discontent the employment of curates, working from parochial centres under direction, seems best suited to bung relict while affording training to those who will afterwards occupy independent euros Its chief obstacle lies in that cough cational separatism that likes to live and work alone a strange contrast to the co-operative spirit which runs and reigns in all secular departments there are districts found Newcastle where such plan would have the additional advantage of giving Unit variety and change which are necessary) to freshen and brighten services among mining populations Indeed, this freshness is needed on or) at home to v it also con- gregations, and occasional"' clean gin over" among the clergy for Sunday tenuous or week evening lectures, with lantern illustrations, on Bible or Church history subjects, might stimulate it- Busied about our own affairs we have little time left for turning toward the wide field of the Church at large in Australia Among the bishops, one has been called to rest after nearly 30 years of faithful work in the diocese which he formed from its beginning in 1864 I remember the enthusiasm felt at his consecration, and the room Action that England was sending a true hearted and two-headed son as first bishop to Goulburn Bishop Thomas brought an aptitude for organisation ripened by his office as secretary of a large chin eli society in London H he leaned to the home side of the colonial Church it was because he honor ed that home side brought strength during early growth He has left his diocese well supplied with clergy and churches and diocesan societies warm-hearted and hospit- able, he made Bishopsthorpe a common home Evangelical, without bitterness or party spirit, his churchmanship saw whatever good there was in men of all schools- I have lost in him a dear friend Mrs Thomas has lost one of the best of husbands, and I know that we all condole with her in her grief Do itU has removed another who was well known to me before he was known to ) on Alexander Albert Maclaren was one of my energy in the north, before he came to Maitland His arching enthusiasm has lost its memorials not only in church buildings, but in lasting influences and loving friendship Excit- able in temperament, ansthetic in taste, buoyant in spirit but microbes in constitution, Maclaren possessed a singular power of attracting and energising others As a pleader for money he was irresistible physically unfit to bear voyaging in boats, and not a) s liable to contract tropical set or, he soon fell before the malarial climate or soft Guinea Gold are more martyrs than those who died at the stake, and Maclaren has joined the noble army One goods and another cometh A bishop has been added to the Australian episcopate by the consideration of my successor Ordained for the diocese which he now being, called to his of ice by the unanimous voice of the people, and already experienced in every form and feature of his unconventional sphere, Bishop Barlow has a prospect of success placed hot and conjecture He is a man of rare gifts, and has grace to use them for God's glory Man) aided men, with each wide strong and straight., are prizes to the Church Our northern brethren showed their discernment when, having the right man among them, the) traveled no further than their own diocese to find one The business before the synod is unusually heavy, bom,' weighted with elections and other matters incidental to a new synod the draft ordinances, reports, and determinations of the General Synod reached you some days ago and your leisurely perusal of them may sat of time by narrowing discussion to points of importance I also must auto time by closing these too discursive o remarks May at of So have those " men of Issachar, who had understanding of the times to know what Israel ought to do " Conformity to environment is God's stern law in nature, and adapta- tion in all things lawful to ever changing conditions is its counterpart in the kingdom of peace I need not say that our times seen with forces, social and intellectual, which are hurrying us into a new world of thought and action Old things are passing away Critical and scientific inquiry probe over) where Practical utility tests eton thing by results Artistic culture popularised music and decorative art Society is astir with impulses which our fathers not or felt The crowd mot es, and we must go forth and or fall behind churchmen must hat of understanding of the time to distinguish things that differ, the proportion of the faith and the accidents of circumstance to mingle without being meddlesome to influence without being aggressor to contend for the faith without being contentious to be firm without obstinacy and to be conciliator) without weakness who is sufficient for these things God hath not given us the spirit of tear, but on potter, love, find a bound mind Faithful is He that calleth us De- pendent on the promised presence we go forth to-day May there he given such a mouth and wisdom " as shall convince the diocese that God is in the midst of us of a truth During the delivery of the address the Bishop was frequently applauded, and especially at its close Sir I I' Abbott moved a vote of thanks to the Bishop for his valuable and spirit-stirring address, and also that it be printed and circulated He expressed his intention of alway) s doing his best for the interests of the diocese of Newcastle, and also echoed the general wish that Bishop Stanton would not go away as it had been reported he was likely to do in order to take charge of the Goulburn diocese (Hear, hear.) The motion was unanimously carried Bishop Stanton in returning thanks for the com- plant at paul him, assured his hearers that so long as the Newcastle diocese was willing to accept his poor soil faces they would be at its disposal (Loud as the Rev R WATKnn moved and Mr W H Haiuiinoton seconded a motion expressive of the deep regret of the synod at the death of the late I Bishop of Goulburn, and of sympathy with his widow, Mrs. Thomas, which was carried unanimously. The Rev. R. M. WARren moved and the Rev. Canon Tyrrell, seconded a motion that the synod place on record a tribute of respect to the memory of the Rev. T. J. Nash, formerly incumbent of Murrurundi, and convey its sympathy to the widow and family of that gentleman, and it was also decided to place a headstone over his grave. The synod then adjourned till '3 o'clock. « On re- suming, petitions and reports were presented, Mr. P. It. White drew attention to the fact that the proposed arrangements for laying the foundation stone on Thursday of the new cathedral with full Masonic honours made the church service subsidiary to the Masonic Order, and protested against this. Dean Selwyn explained that the mode avon adopted in laying the foundation- stone of the Adelaide Cathedral, and also stated that a similar ceremony had been carried out at Truro Cathedral by the Prince of Wales, and had been a success in every way. It was, he said, a great assistance to have the aid of such a God-fearing, upright, and honourable body of men as the Masons on such an occasion as this. The Rev. S. Sntsr supported the views of Dean Selwyn. The Rev. S. C. J. GatE pointed out that the ceremony opened with the usual church service, and this was continued up to a certain point. Then the Masonic service commenced, and was carried on to the end of the ceremony. Archdeacon White at first protested against the adoption of the Masonic service, but afterwards viewed it in a different light. . Dean Selwyn thought he could not do better than follow the example of such good churchmen as the Bishop of Adelaide He read part of the service as being purely the Church of England service. Mr. P. AViiitk was glad that was in the service, but read other parts showing that a great deal was attached to Masonry alone. fair J. P. Abbott said that English Masonry would not recognise French Masonry, because the latter body did not recognise the Creator, in the English Masons did. he saw a great difficulty in his Excellency the Governor performing the ceremony of laying a foundation-stone unless as head of the Masons in this colony. He was to perform this not as Governor of the colony but as the Grand Master of the Order in New South Wales. no recommended Archdeacon White to become a Allison, and he would then Bee the good that was in that order. Freemasons diBclnimed anything that ignored the existence of God. (Hear, hear.) Archbishop Vaughan made a mistake in treating the English Masons as alien or French Masons. The Rev. P. M. Swixnu.irur.BT pointed out that in mediaeval aces it was customary for Masons to lay the foundation-stones of all cathedrals and other ecclesiastical buildings. He was in favour of the Masonic service. - - Bishop Stanton said he believed that the Masons wore a worthy body of men, and it seemed not at all inappropriate to invite them to assist the ceremony. He said that he communicated with the Bishop of Adelaide,.avho had sent him a copy of the Masonic service used at the laying of the foundation-stone of the Adelaide Cathedral. The Bishop of Adelaide was a man whom he would be always glad to follow. The prominent parts of the service would be taken by the Primate of Australasia and the Bishop of Bathurst. The Church of England would have its full share of the service, and the Masons could also have their legitimate share, in accordance with past ecclesiastical history. He trusted the whole community would attend the ceremony and service. He thought a hard and fast line on such occasions should not be insisted upon. The presence of the Masons would be of interest to the whole community of Newcastle. He felt that he, the Bishop of Newcastle, would be in his proper place in the service, although not a Mason. He believed that when the service was over the members of the synod would feel that they had done the right thing in inviting the Masons to be present. (Applause) The matter the dropped. Several reports of different branches of work in the diocese were received and hold over for delibera- tion next day. - ..." Notices of questions, and also of motion for the adoption of these reports, were given. The Rev. S. Russia gave notice of' motion for presenting a petition to the Government, signed by the Bishop of Newcastle on behalf of the synod, asking the Government to do all in its power to prevent the daily increasing evils attached to horse racing, and the prevalence of gambling throughout the colony. After further routine business the synod adjourned till half-past '?> to- morrow's morning. 