WINDSOR MURDER. RAXNMILL TRAGEDY. HOXtE LINKS IN THE LONG- CHAIN. THE EVIDENCE PILING UP. Losdon, March 23. | The excitement over the ltainhill tragedy still continues, and every incident however remotely connected with the tragic event, iB promptly reported to the Press. The police at ltainhill have heen mat ing a further search by digging at Den ham .Yilla, but without result. Mr. E. H. Short, the proprietor of the Commercial Hotel, at ltainhill, has re ceived three important letters, from Deeming, the contents of which have heen prudently withheld. London, March 24. The news that Deeming or "Williams had cast serious aspersions on his murdered wife has created a highly indignant feel ing at ltainhill. London, March 25. At ltainhill crowds daily fairly storm Denham Yilla, the scene of the tragedy. The owner, in order to obliterate the un enviable notority which the villa has achieved, has decided to demolish it. It iB now alleged, and the allegation makes the murder more mysterious than ever, that Mrs. Deeming was seen in Liverpool, which is about nine miles from Eainhill, subsequent to the supposed date of the murder. Since the discovery of the bodies at Denham Yilla, Eainhill, the house has been guarded by police. Last night, while some persons were visiting flhe site of the villa, mysterious noises were heard in different parts of the house, and the belief that the disturbance was caused by the - ghosts of the victims so alarmed the visitors that they all fled, the policeman clearing out with them. London, March 26. A Dalziell's telegram has heen re ceived stating that Swanston, while at Perth, had made a confession that he was " Jack the Dipper." The newB circulated rapidly through the evening journals and produced a tremendous sensation. The police have ascertained that after the murders at Eainhill, Deeming had two fires in the yard at the back of Denham Yilla. The ashes of these have been examined, and pronounced to be those of clothing. • London, March 27. There are conflicting opinions ahont the confession of Swanston that ho is "Jack the Hipper." The authorities at Scotland Yard do not believe it, although thoy admit that it is possible owing to the movements of Deeming in 1888, when six of the murders were committed, being unknown. There are others who regard the confession as consistent The theory that Deeming has confessed to the Jack the Hipper murders hns occa sioned great excitement at Rainhill, where Deeming frequently discussed the subject. Deeming was known to possess a number of knives London, March 28. The police have ascertained that Deem ing feted his fiancee Hiss Mathieson and her mother in 1889, at Antwerp. "While there he Bhowed his friends a letter of credit and a telegram, tho latter Btating that a fire had destroyed his castle in England. During his stay at Antwerp he posed as au English nobleman. The head of the Criminal Investigation Department thinks that Deeming is try ing to secure a remand to England. Tho statement that a London detective bad sailed for Australia bag been denied, j It has traDspired that the documents necessary for tho extradition of Deeming have been forwarded, in the event of tho "Windsor cobb resulting in an acquittal. § i The coroner's inquest at Kainhill into the cause of the death of Mrs. Deeming and her four children was concluded this morning, a verdict of wilful, murder against Deeming being recorded. The Standard this morning, in a review of the startling career of Deeming, com ments upon the almost limitless resources and guile of the man. The Laity News thinks that a moral auatomisation of Deeming by skilled | psychologists daring the process of the' tnals might yield valuable resnlts. At the inquest into the death of Mrs. Deeming and her four children at Den ham Villa, Rainliill, the jury added a rider to their verdict of wilful murder against Deeming, condemning the inac tion of the police before the crime was committed, though they must have been aware that the public were suspicious of Deeming's movements. It is rumoured that the police place no credence in the statement that Deeming is "Jack the Ripper." They attribute the "Whitecbapel murders to a Belgian convict, who, while at Portland, was notorious for obtaining money through threatening women. London, March 29 The Timet, this morning, commenting upon the career of Deeming, saye that he is essentially a swindler and incidentally a murderer. Peeth, March 25. Swnnston published the following letter in yesterday's Daily Newt: " Sir,—I beg of you to publish the following accounts to show how I have been treated by the directors of the Fraser'a Gold Mining Company. I was engaged at £6 a week, and on Friday, March 11, I was arrested and they say that because I have not com pleted my full week they refuse to pay me my wages for that last week. I have not had sufficient time allowed me to sue them, and apparently relying on this they decline to pay me. I cannot but express my surprise at such treatment, seeing that I put their machinery in such good work ing order, a thing they never could get a man to do before. Apart from this, the manager of the mine was always satisfied with my work, and so reported to the directors. I now only add that my week was completed on Thursday night, so that they have no reason for declining to pay. —Yours, &c.;, B.uion Swanston." It was currently reported that the name of the lady with whom Swanston was seen at Perth was Miss Branch, hut such is not the case, as it has been proved that Miss Maud Branch was not the girl to whom Swanston wis seen speaking on the platform of the central station. Swanston's gallantry led him into a flirtation with at least two others whom he met on the boat coming from Melbourne. Miss Branch was a passenger on the Albany with her uncle and aunt (Mr. and Mrs. "Wakely), the family taking their passage from Sydney. Swanston joined the boat at Melbourne, took every opportunity of thrust ing his acquaintance on Mr. "Wakely, and of posing as a man of position and wealth. Mr. and Mrs. Wakely, however, were very reserved with Swanston. Just before the vessel reached Albany, SwanBton approached Mr. Wakely with a definite proposal for Miss Branch's hand. He was, he said, a single man with plenty of money.and was anxious to settle down, and hitherto he had been reserved with the op posite sex; hut he had come to the conclusion that Miss Branch was a girl who would make him thoroughly happy. On this Mr. Wakely spoke out, and he declared at once that the proposal wa3 impossible. " Mr. Swanston," he said, " 1 may teu you plainly mat l aon't believe your Btory and that I atn not in the habit of allowing men of your class to enter my family circle. If my wife and niece see you on shore they will bow to you, but that is as far as they will ; go." Swanston then asked permission to take MiBs Branch nsliorc at Albany, and this was refused, and at Frcmantle the travellers separated. The last cir- i cumstanee of Swaneton's connection with the"Wakelys was a letter addressed from Southern Cross to Miss Branch in which he merely inquired after her health, and expressed a hope of seeing her again. ■ The prisoner preserves his oustomary attitude of contempt and continues to stoutly proclaim, his innocence. He is fully aware, not only of the main materials of the.present case, hut of the discovery at Bamhill, and all that has happened aince. To all oufcward appear- ; ances this knowledge has not the slightest | effect upon Williams's frame of mind. Detective Cawsey, through a private I chunnel, has been informed that Williams | upon being urged to a confession made an admission of so terrible and Bturtling a nature that it seems almost inconceiv able. The effect of this statement is that I Williams, in conversation with one of those privileged to see him, confessed himself guilty not only of the Hainhill murders, but of the last murders of I the series attributed to " Jack the | Ripper," those committed in 1890. If j there is auy truth in the statement, and if Williams has really made such a con fession, the murders would probably have | happened after his liberation from gaol in 1890. Yesterday afternoon Detective Cawsey took over Swunston's effects, which in- j eluded boxes which have not yet been opened. They contained only clothing j and miscellaneous articles, and nothing was found likely to throw any fresh light | upon the tragedy. Phiith, March 26. 16 is stated that^tho alleged confession of J Swanston, that he was implicated in both the Rainliill and Whitechapel murders, has been confirmed. The confession was made by Swan ston to his legal adviser Mr. R. S. Haynes. When the case was first placed in his hands, Mr. Haynes demanded to know the whole | strength of his defence. Swanston replied that he would make a clean breast of it, and said | that ho was guilty of the Rainliill murders. On the subject of the Windsor murder a careful reticence was observed on both sides. Mr. Haynes then touched upon the subject of J the Whitechapel murders, as he desired to know whether his client was or was not " Jack the Ripper." Swanston replied that he had com mitted the last two murders in 1890, but that I he knew nothing of the previous ones. i It is understood that Swanston relies for his ' defence upon the fact that the murder was alleged to have been committed on December 24, and ho can produce witnesses that his ■wife j was seen in Melbourne on December 29, five j days later. He will assert that his wife cleared ; out with another man. Swanston wrote the following letter to his gaoler yesterday: "Mr. Hyde, Gaoler.—Dear Sir,—Before leaving Perth, I feel it would be ungrateful on my part if I did not thank you for the kind treatment which I have received from you while in your charge, and as for the kindness of Mrs. Hyde I am at a loss to find I words with which to thank her; but as I know that my innocence will carry me through my i trial, and that I shall have an opportunity of returning to Perth, I shall then show my gratitude in a way that your kindness demands. I have also to express my thanks for the kind way in which I have been treated by all the police force. Believe me when I say that I shall always remember your kindness to me in the great trouble which I have had to go through—a stranger in a strange land, with no one to say a word in ; my favour. Thanking you sincerely, I remain j yours very grateful, Baiion Swanston." It is said that the man Hedge, of Fremantle, who recognised Deeming in the Perth lockup, has also identified the photograph of a cottage with the name ofB. Deeming on the back, as that of the house at Waverley, near Sydney, where prisoner lived. Swanston says that he will shortly return to West Australia and prosecute his claim against the Fraser Com pany, for non-payment of his wages. That company is now engaged in pulling up the cement floor in the prisoner's cottage at Southern Cross, in order to discover if possible the gold believed to have been stolen by Swanston, as returns under his management of machinery were very short. | Mr. Haynes's application for a writ of habeas corpus was refused by the judges. Swanston, in charge of Detective Cawsey, left Perth by the police van yesterday for i Guildford in order to take train to Albany, en route to Melbourne. He was not embarked on | the train at Perth, as it was feared that a large and angry crowd would have assembled. Another 2 cwt. of Swanstou's luggage arrived at York yesterday from Southern Cross. Mr. Hirschfeldt and two members of the West | Australian police are accompanying Detective Cawsey to Melbourne. I Albany, March 28. | At Perth on Saturday morning a photo grapher applied for permission to take Swan ston's photograph. After a great deal of hesitation the prisoner agreed, and asked per mission to shave. A barber was sent for and Swanston's first act was to direct the barber to shave off his moustache. The barber exclaimed, "What I take your moustache off," thereby drawing the attention of the lockup-keeper. After this it was decided not to allow the shav ing to proceed. On the journey to Albany, at every stopping place between Guildford and. York, crowds had collected, and they hooted and gyoaned at Swanston. The whole population of York seemed to have gathered on the railway platform, and long be fore the train drew up their yells could be heard. The blinds of the carriages were drawn up and the police tried to conceal the prisoner bv standing around him. The crowd regularly rushed the windows snatching at the blinds. Every now and then the blinds would go down and there would be a fracas be fore they could be closed again. All this time tho crowd were yelling "Lynch him." Swanston throughout tho scene ap peared to "be greatly unnerved, and he lay back pale and bitiug liis moustache viciously. Presently one window in the carriage was smashed, giving tho crowd a full view of tho prisoner, and only an energetic charge of the local police saved tho carriage from being rushed. On leaving York one of tho crowd clung to the footboard and cried out "Good- bye old man, you've done for a good many and now you're going to get your neck stretched." At Beverley he was placed in a room at the station. Here his condition was greatly affected by the cries of the crowd. After leaving Beverley, Swauslon lay down to sleep. About an hour later he partly raised himself and was given some brandy. He then fainted away. The train stopped shortly after, and water was ob tained and thrown over him. On his recovery he began to kick and writhe so violently that four men could hardly hold ^hira down- At times, with these men sitting on him, he partly raised himself. With his handcuffs he braised his wrists badly, causing them to swell and bleed. At later periods he had similar fits, but his struggles were not nearly so violent. Detective Cawsey seems to think that these writliings were simply pieces of splendid acting. Swanston got to sleep about 1 o'clock and slept until about C o'clock, being greatly re freshed by his rest. At Albany the train was stopped at the Parade street crossing, near the prison. Hare a large crowd had assembled, but although' they drew round to look at the prisoner, they did not cause a scene, but separated quietly. In the prison, Swanston submitted to the usual search readily, and he is being watched by two policemen. Since he has been in the lockup be has had another fit, and two doctors were called in to attend hira. Detective Cawsey and Inspector "Waldock visited the prison at 10 o'clock on Saturday night, and found him all right, but when they went to get him to place on board the B.M.S. Ballarat yesterday morn ing they were surprised to find his moustache had been cut off. Questioned as to how it was done, the prisoner said " Ah! never mind, I wanted a shave badly." It appears that when the prisoner was reading in the prison yard on Saturday he picked up a small piece of bottle glass, and used it as a bookmark. Owing to his swollen wrists, caused by his struggling wliile in his fits in the railway carriage, he had been allowed to have his handcuff taken off. When all was quiet it was, therefore, an easy matter for him to cut off his moustache with, the glass. This has altered his appearance wonder fully. He looks 20 years younger and the whole expression of his features has been altered. Mr. Hirschfeldt states that if Swanston bad ■ shaved previous to his (Hirschfeldt'e) coming over he could not have reeognised him. This unfortunate episode "will doubtless give some considerable trouble in getting him identified by tradesmen in Melbourne. The prisoner could not help showing his satisfaction at the success of his scheme by occasionally in dulging in a broad grin as he was being con veyed ou board the steamer. Among the passengers by the R.M.S. Ballarat are relief crews for some of the men of-war on the Australian station, and some of the marines have] been engaged .to assist in guarding the prisoner, who will also be kept handcuffed to one of the constables all the time of the voyage to Adelaide. In reply to inquiries made as to Swanston'a alleged confession, Mr. Haynes, the prisoner's counsel, yesterday wired that the statement is absolutely untrue. Swanston, as he states, made no statements or admission. Sir. Haynes adds; " I have never made any communication to anyone. It is grossly unfair to the prisoner, and I deny the statements unreservedly." Further news from Albany states that Swanaton grew very sulky when pressed by Detective Cawsey to tell how he got rid of his moustache. He became angry at the notice he attracted after its removal. In Swan ston's clothes was found a bit of bottle glass u little bigger than a shilling, and also in a bucket in a room the neck of a medicine bottle. The smaller piece bad been broken off the neck of the bottle. It is a remarkable fact that 75 per cent of the hair- found iuthncell had been pulled out by the roots. The glass had been chiefly used to the hair about the cornersofthemouth. Detective Cawsey is greatly concerned about the affair, though he considers that it helps to clinch the case against the prisoner. It is supposed that the piece of bottle was picked up by Swanston in the yard and secreted. The wall which encloses the yard of the prison is studded with bottle glass, and it is supposed that the piece used by Swan ston had fallen from jt. Since the departure of Swanston the gaoler has industriously searched for the hair and has been successful in finding a great deal of it. On arrival on board the steamer it was found that the only cabin available was a second class deck cabin right aft. The door of the cabin was within 4 feet of the bulwarks, so that it was at once seen that extra precautions would be necessary. On board the Ballarat there are 200 marines coming out as relief crews, and Detective Cawsey has four of these sworn in to assist iu watching Swanston. There are thus now seven men engaged on watch during the voyage. As he went on deck and moved along the ship through the marines and passengers, Swanston looked about him with a smile. Detective Cawsey stated on board the Ballarat that ho was now convinced that Swanston is "Jack the Hipper." "What has transpired to bring him to that conviction is not known. It is certain, however, that "Jack the Hipper" was described to be similar in appearance to Swanston, the only person who saw the real Jack giving a description that is very like him. Mblboctxxe, Alarcn zv. It is somewhat probable that an inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the death of the •victim of the "Windsor murder will he continued in the City Court. Arrangements will be mad© to ensure tho safe custody of Williams, and to prevent a crowd of sightseers approaching him. Mr. Budd, tho solicitor, has been retained to prepare his defence. Two leading firms of solicitors were asked to take up Swanston's defence, but they refused. Mr. Purves, Q.O., has been asked to undertake the defence, but. has not yet received a brief. It is understood that tho main line of defence will bo insanity. • Williams, or Swans ton, is expected to arrive here on Friday next. He will come on to Mel* bourne by boat, and should there be any hostile demonstration here the Government steamer Lady Loch will take him off and land him j secretly. \ Detective Considine has obtained some fresh | items of evidence, amongst them two of some importance in fixing tho date of the murder, i A young lady, living next door to the house at Windsor, where the body of Mrs. Williams was j (inearthed, remembered about Christmas Day I •aring a noise in the house as of a bricklayer working with a, trowel. Another neighbour j recollected" at the same timo having heard i knocking in the house resembling the striking I of bricks with a trowel. ' Sydney, March 25. It is now thought by some persons that Deeming probably had something to do with soreral stabbing cases which occurred at tho end of November, 1881, in various parts of the city, when several women were stabbed in the back by a man who could never be caught. Sydney, March 2G. Yesterday the Sydney police concluded their investigations regarding "Williams's Sydney career, and forwarded the report to the Melbourne police. In Sydney nine residences of Williams were traced, but nothing baring been discovered at the last residence, the others were not searched. Adelaide, March 25. A man, formerly a resident of South Africa, to-day called upon the Commissioner of Police and identified Williams as P. Deeming, whom he met in the Transvaal, and who passed as a mining expert, bnt who cleared out, and was afterwards reported to hare died at Durban, but was subsequently discovered to have gone to j England. Eocehjlkpton, March 2G. Williams, alias Deeming, has been identified hy his photograph, as published in illustrated papers, by several residents of Kockhampton. 