TROUBLE IN GERMANY. Serious troubles, in a variety of forms and from a variety of directions, appear to be gathering round the head of the German Emperor and his people. The ghost of the last French war is never absent from the country; and the taxation to which the people have to submit in order to maintain armies in readiness for the next dash across the Rhine, with the loss of the best years of the lives of their young men so as to perfect themselves in soldiering against the terrible day of reckoning which France is expected sooner or later to demand, all this has been chronic for many years, and has been borne patriotically, for Germany's position, not- withstanding her overshadowing military establishment, is such that there is no help for it. But on top of the great sacrifices which have to be made so that the strength of forts and armies may not fall below those of her richer and sullenly vengeful neighbor, troubles of a domestic character have been settling down lately over Vaterland. The failure last year of the Russian harvest, cut- ting off the chief part of Germany's supplies of rye, the staple food of the poorer classes, increased the cost of living very greatly, which, as the majority of the German peasants and workmen are very poor, was a pitiable blow to many thousands. We do not hear much at present of the poverty and distress in the country districts of the eastern parts of the Empire, but it is said that in Eastern Prussia and in Silesia a state of famine prevails. Then in Berlin they have an unemployed agitation which is expending itself in riotous attacks on butchers and bakers' shops, filling the hospi- tals with wounded men—policemen and rioters—and the gaols with the leaders of the famishing mobs. The German character being generally so placid and law-abiding, find the executive for the maintenance of law and order, perhaps the strongest in Europe, the direfulness of the distress may be imagined, which has converted the unem- ployed of the Imperial capital into plunder- ing and violent mobs. The distress must have been extreme, as Germans have a deep- seated hereditary respect for authority, and owing to education and intelligence, not being the monolopy of any class, the poorest of them know that to commence a struggle with the Government can only have but one result. Behind the police, which so far has been easily able to cope with the Berlin unemployed, there is, if necessary, the strongest army that the world has ever seen, and this too, in the hands of one man who has proclaimed that the soldier's duty, should he bid him, is to shoot down father, mother, or brother, or whoever else may be found against the Emperor. In a country where the power of the State are in such iron-hands as those words would betoken surely the Revolutionist and the Socialist dare not show their heads. But, biding their hour, the Socialists of Germany are said to be an exceedingly numerous section of the populace and they are not disposed in their hearts to calmly submit to the Emperor's dogma that “the will of the sovereign is the supreme law.” When, a few months ago, the Emperor, addressing some recruits at Pots- dam, made use of the words quoted, thus re-affirming in Germany, in the last decade of the nineteenth century, the long exploded doctrine of the divine right of kings, the German Liberal press and Liberal repre- sentatives of the people, protested as vigorously as they dared. But whereas in Great Britan it would be as much as a king's tenure of office were worth should he have the temerity to forgot the lessons of history and hint that by divine right he was placed above Parliament and people, in Germany the protests that followed on the Potsdam have, it seems, been so feeble that the Emperor has been emboldened to make still stronger as- saults upon the patience or credulity of his subjects. He now oracularly assures them that God is the ally of the Royal House, and for fear that they might be for- gettting it, simultaneously his ministers have a bill in hand to make the teaching of religion compulsory throughout the empire. But, whilst they will meekly bear a very great deal from their hereditary rulers, there is a point beyond which the patience of the Germans is exhausted. They cannot send a deputation to the Emperor with a message that he is uttering rank blasphemy when he talks of the Almighty having become a partner in the Prussian Royal House. But their representatives have foredoomed the bill for the compulsory teaching of the State's religion, the only section siding with the Emperor being one whose function in the State is to have the care of religon. To interfere with great peoples' religious views, or to dictate to them what they shall or shall not believe in spiritual matters, is an experiment which, though the boldest of monarchs have tried it, none have succeeded in. Fourth Page. —The following additional reading matter will be found on the fourth page:—Mining News and Notes, Melbourne Gossip, and the continuation of “A Serious Error.” To-day's Events.—Ministers' Association, 9 a.m. ; Eaglehawk Police Court, 10 a.m. ; Eaglehawk Council, 3.30 p.m.; St. Vincent de Paul Society, 3 p.m. ; general meeting mem- bers, Bendigo Athletic Club, Gymnasium, Short street, 8 p,m. ; Progressive Political League, United Kingdom Hotel, Golden Square, 8 p.m. A Generous Constable.— Senior-constable Hayes, of Long Gully, who last week re- ceived a reward of £5 from the City Council for the detection of some persons for break- ing lamps at Long Gully, has donated the money in equal portions to the Hospital and Benevolent Asylum. Archdeacon McCulloch, who has been for a twelve months' tour of the old country, is expected to reach Melbourne by the end of the present week. The Medical Management of the Hos- pital.— As will be seen by a report in another column the adjourned special meeting of the Bendigo Hospital committee last even- ing decided in accordance with a report of the medical gentlemen of the district to re- commend to the monthly committee meeting to adopt the honorary system of medical management. The Trams are doing an excellent busi- ness. For the week ending February 21, 10,273 passengers were carried, and for the week ending February 28, 11,897 passengers. The total number carried to date is 48,614. Results of Drink.—An emaciated wild- eyed young man named Michael Hogan, made his appearance before the City Bench yes- terday morning, on a charge of drunkenness. Sergeant Fahey informed the court that the young fellow was evidently wrong in his head, and he asked for a remand for a week to al- low of his being examined by a doctor. The bench were about to comply with the request when the young follow asked “Well, who will take care of me then ?” “Oh, we will,” said the sergeant. “Oh very well, as long as you’ll guarantee to do that, it’s alright,” said the prisoner, “but mind you I'll keep you to it.” He was immediately removed. The Amalgamated Millers' Associa- tion. —The ordinary meeting of the members of the Amalgamated Millers' Association was held on Saturday at the Melbourne Trades’ Hall. The views of the society were asked by the Trades' Hall Council in reference to the establishment of Courts of Conciliation with the powers of law. The majority of those present were in favor of the amicable settlement of disputes, but were of opinion that disputed points should be settled by those immediately interested without the interfer- ence of outsiders. The secretary was in- structed to write to the Bendigo Trades and Labor Council, informing that body of the best methods to be taken to bring pressure to bear on the non-union millers at Wedderburn, Wycheproof and Charlton. The Sunday Liquor Traffic.— There are nearly always a fair-sized batch of drunkards before the City Court on Monday mornings, the inference from which is obvious. A young man named John Butler was before the court yesterday for insulting behavior, and during his examination in the witness-box by Ser- geant Fahey he confessed that he had obtained twenty or thirty glasses of beer in various hotels on Sunday last. On being questioned at which hotels he was supplied, the accused off-handedly replied, “Oh, you can get it at any hotel you like.” He was pressed, how- ever, to name some of them. He accordingly gave one well-known hotel-keeper in the city but said that he didn't recollect any others. His evidence, the admission of which is allow- able under the new act, was of a very unsatis- factory nature, and Inspector O'Flaherty was heard to remark to Sergeant Fahey that his statements were not worth much. In a sub- sequent case one of the witnesses said that he had been served with drink on Sunday, but on being asked “where?” he refused to turn informer, and the question was not pressed. Shareholders in Unregistered Com- panies.—At the City Court yesterday a miner named James Mannix, a resident of the Upper Sheepwash, proceeded against John Dunn, John Roberts, William Cairns and Michael Mahony for the recovery of £7 2s 6d for work and labor done. Cairns admitted that he owed the money, but the three others denied their indebtedness. Mr. Kirby, who appeared for the complainant, explained that the defendants called themselves the Un- daunted Co., and worked a shaft near the Sheepwash under that name. Mannix was employed by them at £2 6s per week, but had not received his wages. Mr. Tatchell ap- peared for the defence, and urged that plain- tiff had been engaged by Cairns, who, he said, had the sinking of the shaft by contract from the other three. As Mannix admitted that Cairns engaged him the bench intimated that there was no alternative but to strike out the cases against all but Cairns, against whom, however, they entered up a verdict with £1 5s costs. Mr. Tatchell applied for costs on behalf of the other three defendants, but Mr. Patterson said that he did not think it was a case for costs, Mr. Kirby also adding that Mannix was so poor that he had to borrow money to issue the summons. Mr. Tatchell, however, argued that the three defendants were legally entitled to their costs, and 10s 6d was therefore allowed against Mannix for each of them. A lad named William Angove also proceeded against Cairns, Mahoney, Dunn and Roberts to recover £2 16s, wages. As in the first case a verdict was given against Cairns, but the summons against the other three was struck out, with 10s 6d costs to each. Musical Festival— A musical entertain- ment and fruit soiree was held last evening in the Bible Christian Church, Long Gully. The chair was occupied by Mr. Norris. The music was exquisitely rendered by the Eaglehawk Juvenile Choral Society— the prize winners at the Welsh Eisteddfod at Williamstown last year—assisted by Miss Johns and others. Mr. William James, mayor of Eaglehawk con- ducted, with Miss Morton as pianiste, and Miss Lila Thomas, as organist. Solos were pleasingly sung by the Misses Miller, Gray and Johns—last named having a sweet voice of considerable compass, and having the ability to modulate it in it very artistic man- ner. Mr T. Johns received a hearty encore for his Welsh song. A duet by the Misses Thomas was well received. The Misses Cleaves gave an harmonious rendition of their number. The Misses Johns sang a duet in excellent style, giving striking voice modula- tions in good harmony. A marked feature of the evening was a duet by Miss Johns and Mr. Bottoms. The enunciation was good, with excellent voice modulations. The choruses, with upwards of 30 performers, were real gems—the first, “He shall feed His flock,” and the last “Bow down thine ear,” were exceptionally good. The Welsh chorus, “Canig y Glychan” “The Bells”) was a rollicking piece with rapid transitions, very quick movements and a wide and varied com- pass of music, nevertheless, the singers fol- lowed the leader with clock-like precision. The other numbers were—“Night, lovely night,” “Our festive day so bright,” “Christ on the sea,” and “Who are these?” At the close of the musical programme a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. James and his choir on the motion of Mr. Hooper, seconded by Mr. Ellis. Mr. James responded, and then an adjournment was made to the school- room and the fruit soiree was held. Miners’ Association.-— The monthly meet- ing of the committee was held on Saturday evening, under the presidency of Mr. W. Williams. At the invitation of the Mining Managers' Association the president was appointed to represent the branch at the anni- versary banquet of the association on Thurs- day evening next. Consideration of the reports of sub-committees into the cases of members who had met with accidents— one of whom, it was said, was acting as a clerk for a bookmaker while on the funds of the associa- tion, were deferred for a week. Messrs. McCann, J. Williams, J. J. Williams, J. Shepherd, J. Johns, W. Griffiths and J. Curnow, with the officers, were appointed a committee to act in conjunction with the Star of Eaglehawk Lodge in arranging the Tozer benefit concert. Mr. A. W. Hunter, the president of the No. 1 Colonial District, attended, and a motion congratulating him on his appointment, and also thanking him for his attendance, was unanimously carried. Mr. Hunter briefly responded. A motion con0 gratulaling Mr. M. Collmann on his return at the head of the poll at the Mining Board election, was also carried with acclamation. Charitable Concert. —A complimentary concert was given in the Masonic Hall last evening to Mr. W. Watkins, but owing to the windy and showery weather just before and after 8 o'clock the attendance was not large. The programme submitted, however, was a good one, and was faithfully carried out. Driving Without Lights.—Sergeant Fahey informed the City Bench yesterday that in consequence of recent accidents all persons found driving without lights after sunset will in future be proceeded against. Instructions to that effect, he said, had been received from the local authorities. Four defendants were yesterday let off with a fine of 5s each, as it was a first offence, but were warned that fines of 40s could be inflicted for a breach of this by-law. Maloney v. Maloney.—The unhappy Huntly pair, Patrick and Winifred Maloney, whose family troubles were investigated in the City Court on Monday week, again ap- peared yesterday to report progress as to the arrangements they had made toward a settle- ment of their difficulties. Mr. Kirby, on behalf of the woman offered to accept 5s per week, and to live apart, but this was opposed by Maloney's solicitor (Mr. Hyett), who stated that the latter was willing to provide his wife with such a home as he could afford. She had left him since the parties were last in court, and had taken away a sewing machine and other articles, but he naturally wished her back again to look after his children. In accordance with the expressed wish of the bench he produced the butcher’s account, which showed that £4 worth of meat had been purchased between August and February. The man, Mr. Hyett said, was now practically insolvent, and, as his wife had accepted him for better or for worse, she should be prepared to live according to his means. The bench made an order for 5s per week, defendant to find one surety of £20 for its fulfilment. The latter proviso was, how- ever, not pressed on Moloney promising to pay regularly. Sudden Death.—Our Heathcote corres- pondent reports:—Another old resident named Julius Heyer died suddenly on Sunday. Dur- ing the last few months sudden deaths have been frequent in this district. Donations to the Museum.—The curator of the museum (Mr. J. B. Lillie Mackay), acknowledges with thanks the following dona- tions for the month of February:—Mantis, Mr. A. Gordon, Myers st. ; coal encrusted with pyrites from Wallsend (N.S.W.), Mr. Ellery, Golden-square; two red shouldered phasms, one from Mr. John Williams, the other from Miss Catherine Costo, Wedder- burn; collection of 32 birds eggs, Mr. A. Cole, Melbourne; collection of 8 eggs com- prising two each of the following, hooded dotterel sooty oyster-catcher, Jamieson's sil- ver gull and little penguin, Mr. G. A. Keat- land, North Carlton ; black shouldered kite, Mr. Horbury, Strathfieldsaye ; praying man- tis, Master McCamey, King st. ; brown snake (six feet long), Mr. Keating, Kangaroo Flat. Stationing of Wesleyan Ministers.— The following are the principal changes for 1892 in the pastoral charges of the Wesleyan Church, as proposed by the stationing com- mittee, which met at Wesley Church, Mel- bourne, on Saturday:—Carlton, Rev. C. H. Ingamells: Brunswick street, Rev. Francis Neal and Rev. A. Scholes ; North Melbourne, Rev. H. Greenwood; Flemington, Rev. T. Adamson; Preston, Rev. H. Moore; Kilmore, Rev. G.. Lloyd; Lancefield, Rev. R. Brown ; Seymour, Rev. T. Collins ; Camberwell, Rev. J. Smith ; South Melbourne, Rev. A. R. Al- biston, M.A. ; Prahan, Rev. S. Knight; Brighton, Revs. P. R. C. Ussher, Merriman, and J. L. Cope; Ballarat, Rev. Dr. Annear; Eaglehawk, Rev. R. Thompson; Long Gully, Rev. C. Tragear; Inglewood, Rev. J. W. Rowse ; Wangaratta, Rev. J. Seccombe ; Port Fairy, Rev. J. Leslie; Sale, Rev. S. Adam- son ; Bairnsdale, Rev. S. C. Flockart; Hobart, Rev. D. Bridgewood; Launceston, Rev. W. Shaw; Beaconsfield, Rev. J. Albis- ton. Presentation.—Yesterday, at Messrs. Horwood and Sons, Mr. H. J. Pengelly, who is about to leave for Melbourne, was pre- sented by Mr. H. Dunne, on behalf of his shopmates, with a handsome and suitably in- scribed gold locket, selected from the shop of Mr. J. B. Edwards. Friendly Society.—The Loyal Heart of Friendship Lodge held their usual fort- nightly meeting in their hall last night, Bro. A. Sonnenberg, N.G. in the chair. There was a good attendance. One clearance was granted. The doctor's report was received and accepted. Two guineas were voted to a distressed brother. Two notices of intention to propose were handed in, and three new members were initiated. Bro. R. Shegog was elected V.G. for the remainder of the sitting, and was then installed with the customary ceremony. Bro. Shegog returned thanks in a brief speech. Sick visitors were appointed. Correspondence was received from various sources. One new member was proposed. The receipts for the evening were £39 10s 9d. Banking Promotion.— Mr. S. H. Palmer (son of Superintendent Palmer, and son-in- law of Mr. John Holmes of Bendigo) the accountant at the Ballarat branch of the Commercial Bank, was tendered a banquet by his friends, at Lester's hotel, on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Palmer (says the Courier) has been the accountant at the Commercial Bank for several years past, and he has given such satisfaction to the banking company, and to the people dealing at the bank, that he has been appointed manager of the Balaclava branch of the bank. Mr. D Brophy oc- cupied the chair, and said that, while they all felt sorry that Mr. Palmer was leaving Ballarat, they were glad to know that he was obtaining well-deserved promotion. Various congratulatory speeches were then made, and the health of the departing guest was warmly honored. Accountants not Wanted.— After much trouble the jury, whose occupations are as follows, was sworn at the Criminal Court yesterday to try Matthias Larkin and Cleary, his clerk:—A fruiterer, tailor, storekeeper, steward, quarryman, painter, bricklayer, stable- keeper, driver, laborer, carpenter. The car- penter was chosen as foreman. A man whose vocation was given as an accountant, was al- lowed to go by all concerned until he had ascended the steps leading into the jury-box. Then Cleary, the accountant prisoner, hastily cried, “Challenge,” and back the accountant juror rushed to his seat.—Herald. Archbishop Carr's pastoral was read in all the Roman Catholic churches of the Mel- bourne diocese on Sunday last. The pastoral on the education question states that ad- herence to Catholic principle, perseverance in self-sacrifice, and an assertion of Catholic claims on every suitable occasion will lead in the end to the recognition by the Legislature of the claim for assistance in the work of educating Catholic children. And the opinion is expressed that this recognition will be the means of improving the system of State edu- cation by enabling non-Catholic religious de- nominations to agree among themselves as to the manner and amount of religious instruct- tion to be given in State schools, and then to appeal to Parliament with united voice for the recognition of Christian teaching in the primary school.—Age. The Barnes’ Children.— Not long ago a man named Henry Barnes was several times before the City Police Court for deserting his three little motherless children, Henry, Charles and William, aged 6, 4 and 2 years respectively. On the last occasion he was directed to find sureties for the fulfilment of an order for their support., but in default of this was sent to gaol, and still remains there. During his incarceration his mother-in-law, a poor and aged resident of Kangaroo Flat, named Catherine McHardy, upon whom the care of the unfortunate infants devolved, has made frequent applications to the City Court on their behalf; and yesterday morning again appeared with one in her arms and the two other little unfortunates toddling by her side. Sergeant Fahey informed the bench that he had made inquiries, and had found that the woman was utterly unable to support them, being almost entirely dependent on charity herself. The P.M. remarked that if Barnes were let out of gaol he might not support his children. Sergeant Fahey said the only way was if he were liberated to have him sum- moned. Mr. Patterson then said that the children were evidently neglected, and no doubt the best place for them was the In- dustrial Schools. The bench asked the woman if she was prepared to keep the children if she were allowed something for their support, and on her replying in the affirmative Sergeant Fahey promised during tho afternoon to make arrangements for her to retain the care of them. The sergeant stated that the father was a strong, healthy young man, and he had been known to have earned money previous to his arrest, but had refused to pay any towards his children's support. Demand For Increased Wages.— At a meeting of railway employes held on Sunday morning at the Gaiety Theatre, Melbourne, a couple of resolutions were passed, protesting against the non-payment of the usual yearly increases of salary. The speakers, who were numerous, strongly stated their views, and maintained that the Government had com- mitted on act of repudiation in withholding the increases. They held that although there was a heavy deficiency in the receipts of the de- partment it should be made up by raising the freight charges on goods, and increasing the passenger fares. Dingee.—The Dingee detachment of the Victorian Cavalry turned out exceptionally well on Friday last, there being almost a full muster on parade. The men were put through various movements, including sword drill and pursuing practice mounted, by Sergeant-Major Bell, the instructor. Afterwards they went through some volley firing very steadily under the command of Corporal Bidstrup, the senior “non-com,” here. After parade, the men practised several events for the forthcoming tournament at the Bendigo show on the 23rd March, and from the splendid work executed by men and horses we are sure our lads will give a good account of themselves. There will probably be two sections for the Lloyd- Lindsay event, several entries for the fugitive race, and several for the Victoria Cross com- petition, which on a previous occasion was carried off by a Dingee man, since deceased. —Rain is very badly needed, as most of the dams are dry, or almost so. We have not felt the want of water so severely for years. The dust storm which passed over the district a week ago, did much damage by blowing away even the dry grass upon which the live stock were glad to feed.—Several of our young men intend to try their horses and themselves at the Kamarooka sports on the 2nd March, for the success of which Mr. Hodgson, the secretary, and his committee are working very hard. These sports seem to be gaining in popularity every year, and it is not an unusual thing to see visitors there some of whom have travelled over 50 miles. Colonel Smith is returning by the San Francisco mail. He telegraphs from Auck- land that the long sea voyage has greatly im- proved his health. A Roman Catholic Prelate on Masters and Servants.— The Lenten pastoral issued by the Arch- bishop of Hobart reviews Pope Leo’s encyclical on the labor question. Re- ferring to the question of agreement regard- ing wages, he says that, granting the legality of such, yet there is the dictate of nature, more imperious and more ancient than any bargain between man and man, that the re- muneration must be enough to support the wage earner in reasonable frugal comfort. If through necessity or fear of worse evil, the workman accept a harder condition beause an employer or contractor will give no better, he is the victim of force and injustice. As to the hours of labor, he asserts that it is neither justice nor humanity to grind men down with excessive labor, and to thus stupify their minds and wear out their bodies. Daily labor must be regulated that it may not be pro- tracted during longer hours than strength ad- mits. As a general principle, it may be laid down that the workman ought to have leisure and rest for the wear and tear of his strength provided for in all agreements between mas- ters and workpeople. It should always be a condition, expressed or understood, that there be allowed proper rest for the soul and body, especially that Sundays, and other festivals, may be kept in accordance with the Divine precept. Mr. W. G. Bentley will sell on Friday, March 11, the stock, &c.;, of Mr. Graham at the Royal Mail Hotel, Campbell’s Forest. The right to hold a publican's booth for the races at Mitiamo on March 23, will be sold by Messrs. J. J. Hayes and Co. on Saturday next at the Vic- toria Hotel at two o’clock. Sergeant Fahey acknowledges with thanks the receipt of 6s from Mr. Martin Dillon towards the funds of the poor box, being his expenses in the case of the Queen v. Perkins. The anniversary of the Golden Tent, I.O.R., will be celebrated in the Wesleyan school-room at California Hill to-morrow night. Messrs. J. J. Hayes and Co. will sell on Thurs- day, March 10, the property of Mr. J. T. Cald- well at Kamarooka. A public meeting to advocate the aims and ex- pound the platform of the Progressive Political League takes place to- night at the United King- dom Hotel, Golden Square. In view of the near approach of the general elections the League is making final efforts towards increasing its member- ship preparatory to selecting candidates for con- testing the elections in this district. 