FOILED AT; THE FlUISS.' (A. DETECTIVE SJTOBY). CHAPTER! I. A rUZZLING SOMMONS. " Confound the fellowjî" Sylvester Wade said jt aloud, and I under my breath. Perhaps I had the more reason, for t had received a nasty knock on the knee from Wade's bag. But, then, it was mvj fault. I was making a reckless das|i for the high: level platform at Willesden Junction, and I came into violent collision with the detective. We recoiled and recognised each other. Tii'in the flash of anger was exchanged foi a L-iugh—rueful on my side—and we gra3ped hands " You are in a hurry. Mr Curtis." " I was bat I have time to talis to JOB-" "Ah, you are on the lobk ont for news. But I haven't done umch for you yet. The trail of our man is uncommonly hard to find. Still. I think I shall do it. I've woH from the north about it now, and I am . taking the express to Liverpool. It is news that has come in an odd way, hut I am bonnd to test it. We mustn't let our party slip oat o! the country without leaving us an address. It is a little awkward for me to go. There has been a robbery at Cadmore Manor—Mr Gerald Humber's place. Know it." " Yes ; a little."- " He-has wired rae to go down at once and get at the bottom of it. Bn* I can't; or, at all events;- that must wait. My first obligation is to you—to run to c&rtli; the rogue who swindled your father so audaciously. I will try to effect that, if it is only because the trickster shows such good sport and lias such a bag of ruses. I am on my mettle." " Which means that we shall win.'' And, indeed, I have never known a man iu the spy business of to-day so clever, so successful, and withal so thorough a good fellow as Sylvester Wade. It was native aptitude not to be repressed that had put him into his profession and that kept him there, even when, as he owned to me, he sometimes loathed it. " I hope so." As Wade spoke, a tumble was in the air. He again put out hi3 hand. " Time's up—she's coming along,' he said. "It's rarely I have many minutes to spare, unless I figure for some reason as a station ghost. But I don't care about driving the thing as close as yen do. I cin't afford to be cut out of the running by, perhaps, • soms conspirator in a hurry. Hope to wire you good tidings to-morrow. Tata " The express WAS slowing in ; and I had a notion that Wade wanted to fo'- low his own devices in selecting a seat and companionship. I, therefore, acceptel my dismissal, and was soon climbing the stairs again. I little thought that this meeting was part of a curious double chaace which would shatter an ingenious piece of villainy and help to my own. Looking back, see that I met Wade in the nick of time. His errand on my behalf is easily described. My father had been ruined through the machinations of scoundrels He was an honest country gentleman — a Curtis, of Paignton Curtis^—and land values fell, and men farmad to their ruin. He fell a victim to money-lenders, and they sucked him dry. There *as cheating in the transactions "that made him bankrupt and killed him with the blow. Wade was in pursuit of the rogue who had bagged the spoils. 1 f he could be caught there was a probability that something might be recovered and buy me a minor city partnership, was waiting to see if it would he so. What I had now heard had set me face to face with another «Id. problem [Nobody couid mention C'admor Manor to me without giving a fillip to my imagination and caused me to see visions. Mirage pictures, I called them, when soher sense began to criticise. But they came constantly, and thoy were- fair, and I fed upoa them when my days were full of desolation. I saw the daintiest maiden in all my home shire smiling at me because I called her, with strange, mad daring, Christie— my Christie. And I saw the small oval face flush through its tints of soft olive, and the haael eyes first droop and then uplift with a glorious wonder of faith iri them. Sonetimes. there followed the vision of i pleasant fireside and of Christie Htmber, changed into Christie Curtis, seated there, and making home for the lucfiest fellow in the great town When tie steady consideration of hard facts wrunjj the romance out of my mood, I hal to admit that few things were less l!bely than that this should soon eome to pass. My fortunes were ander. a cfaud ; and though our old neighbor ai Cadmor Manor was outwardly genal when we met, I was aware that the sudden check to our intercourse meant thatt was to harbour no foolish thoughts abut his daughter. My pros pects were rot brilliant before the catastrophe ; thy were, now dubiom in the extreme. : herald Humber was a rich Railway coitractor, who had himself (twice marred well, and who would natw&Uy;* lok for a good .matchfor Christie. . Yhatever words of dangerou? regard had.feen-spoken when.the storm tras vonljj.,a threat iOnust i fall to the -OIHML le ; would • •. convince , his 'hter -tint ^s a serious, suitor. I wap imp oss s l v^gLj.. readied-roy-rooms-~tn- „ - T* i>re was a telegram lying Kensington tji ^hristie ' 9 f at her. on the table rom . hcar of L It said : "If you w*. C., come immediately/' . . « , "t. C." could only mean borne, which was the namejor ^ the rascally p cbemer whom .ylvesw. It puzzled me already. 1 Of course, my determination: -was soon taken: I d'd not understand tow' Gerald Homber should" bave 1 news of our man - 4)ut policy "ilemaiidèd that I should-Seize every Chanel of enlighténtoent. • In addition, ~ 1 might see attd probaWr speak v <1#ith ifetie, and' the thought eagerness. The teleift long, tod' after lid- î&Ws;é-iftti sunéeceâsary Twilight was-beginning-to closeia as I crawled up the Manor Avenue in a lugubrious fly, which was all that Hentbury station had to offer in the way of road conveyance. It was --a hilly drive of more than three miles to Cadmore Manor. As we stopped, a light form, dressed in soft grey, tripped out into the great porch. My heart was beating as i drum were there—«a treacherous manifestation I had schooled myself all the way to be matter-of-fact and self- possessed, and to "take' a last look ând a silent farewell, and to let hope finally drift away. . Bnt in Christie's presence I somehow forgot good resolutions. It is really r you—Mr Curtis,* : he said, with, I fancied, an tdd little break and quaver. •• I was almost afraid that the message had missed; or that you èould -not come. Mr Wade does not know that we have sent for you/' "Mr Wade!"' I e-jacnlated, helplessly. " Yes ; Mr Wade is here. Yesterday was my twenty-first birthday "—the voice dropped to a mwàcatrwhisper,-and the damask kindled- on 5 -ChristSe« «meeks 1 1 and papa had intended to.give me a tings—a Tverj expensive one, I. believe : àndit was stolen the day before. He was veiy-sangry^oadtfis sfcHl ; J6et on finding the thief out. Matrimaiàas a new la ! y's companion, "Who pleases her very much 1 . Miss -Kesworth has the" best testttfctooiscls^ and she - recommenced putttfcg thecase into the : hands of Mr Watted Papa decided to 4o so. 1 Do you mean Mr Sylvester Wade, Miss Humber?" " Yes, that is the name""! sawrtrun the top of the telegram. He wired first to say he could^'not-" come, havin"g-to go to the north 'tin Urgent duty. ~~ Then, aftensawle, became, lie had put aside the'tethefi mattersto please papR^co«aru à good?aiêe, I suppose that means-aAnd it transpired thafe. thft^busfoessahe stras oa waryonrs. "WBln we~found that out; we did «not quite like it ; and papa sont to yon, thinking yoti ought, at least, to iiear*»bttfc M^V=âdè l - ; liad -<liscOtered in reference to this Levi Golborne, and then, if yotr'wish-tbe affaSFifrresscd on,- papa will insist on Mr Wade's fulfilling your orders." The girl paused, but I was wandering in a maze of conjeeitut^and^âs^nmo' '^ haste t« respond. ' TheUreasan^-tthy-- 1 papai&was; speeiaMy anxious to have the mystery cleared up, and relieve our people ^f; awkward sus 1 i picîons, is bccaase my jewsls were brought here "iast night/' Christie went on. " You remember. I told you that my own mother's jewels were to stay in a bank until I was twenty-one, and then were to be given me. A confidential agent came down with them. They are magnificent—much too fine for modest, insignificant me." A happy excitement dominated Christie's manner, and her bright ingenuousness perilously swayed my own feelings. "No, no," I said, in protest against her self-depreciation; But a change on Christie's countenance stopped me from goinir farther. We were still standing in the hall, and at that moment Mr Humber appeared. - CHAPTER II. AX AWRWABD SITUATION. The master of Cadmore Manor came fro'ii the library. His greeting was frigid, and acted like a douche of cold water. I mentioned that it had so happened by a small coincidence that I had been occupied on the other side of Hentbury during the greater-part of the day. That I had returned to town, got his wire, and once more made for my old home district. It has come ahontatan inconvenien time," he said, stiffly. " I am sorry, but I fear you will have*to put up for the night at the 'Red Lion' in Caimore village. We are disabled just now, and cannot offer you hospitality. .The workmen are in one wing of the houae. We have also enlarged the establishment. Mr; Humber has now a lady's companion. Wade, too, will be staying on the ground, I take it." " Say nothing about it, Mr Humber," I answered. " A comfortable old English inn is good enough for me, and that is the character I have a!ways heard given to the 'Red Lion' at Cadmore; •'Yes. You will be all right. Deafein will be proud of a visitor from ti.e Manor, particularly one bearing your name. 1 presume that my daughter has told yon Mr Curtis, how it is that Wade is here?" "Of course I have, papa," Christie put in. "It is a bewildering affair," I said. My words had a deeper mean ins: than my hearers could guess, for had [ not seen the dctective off for Liverpool ? If he really went by the express lie could not possibly alter his course until Rugby was reached. No energy and no artifice could then have planted him at Cadmore Manor within the time. I was at a loss to know what to make of it. The only surmise that seemed to offer a solution of the conundrum was that Wade changed-his mind even ss he and I talked; but, with a secrecy natural in the circumstances, did not say as much. I could not positively depose that he had taken his place in the train. However, as we appeared to bo both under one roof, a3, indeed, I had been brought here to see him, it was likely I should soon hate the truth. "I hate mysteries," growled Gerald Humber; "and I will shrink from no trouble that will reveal the rogue who has made away with Christie's* ring. Wade gives "me to understand that he has already a promising clue.- "If Sylvester Wade cannot help you. ; I -fear the chances of recovery are small,' I answered; « I will tell him that you are here." But when the toaster of the house rejoined Christie and me, together with Mrs Humber and Miss Kesworth, in the Qf drawing room, flls his Iaw face had'appreciably _ ^ ^ Therc was almost a scowl as she glanced across at Christie. It was easy to see that he blamed her. what I suspected then, learned later, thaT it was Ghristie who had insisted that I ought to be cent for. She had skilfully challenged his honour on the point, and bad triumplicd. But, noting the accord between ns, and perhaps a certwri igaietf returned after absence to -hii ^nghtcr^ niool. he WW angry that he bad yielded, The more so because of ftliStlJfi bai bow tp state. Well, the plan doèsn't work," he said: "Wade is touchy at the interference. I might have guessed that is how it would be. He will not mix up engagements " " But he has done so," I interjected. The frown remained, bnt no attention was paid to my remark. "He has insisted all along on-extreme caution and-privacy regarding the object of his visit, and he considers that we are endangering everything. There is something in that. Of course the servants have no idea that a detective is in the bonse. They do not know the real name. Wa'e is passing as a Mr Gimble." I started. A queer leminiscence had come to me. But a moment's ihought seemed to show that any theory founded on this must be absurdly far-fetciied, and I did not really entertain the idea. But he has .a duty to Mr - Curtis;" aid Christie, with a brave frbnt and kindling eyes. "I must leave Wade to fight his jbattles when Mr Curt-isstakes him to taski'y All that I have; to do unler present conditions is to report Wade's views and proposal?. He will ' have nothing to say to Mr Curtis here. But If Mr Curtisremains at the ' Red Lion' till three to morrow affernopn, he will meet him there." My- pride was in arms. It was cavalier treatment, marked; as I consider ad, iby the coolest effrontery imaginable. This was the wont of men who knew- that they iiad no real -rivals ûn their profession or calling. They could •be-as higfe-aod-mighty as princelings. But, at least, it agreed with the jiypotfiesis'-' that - Wa3e"liàd tricked me on thfe'WiHe'sdeii platforft/Hrhe feeling that he was in the wrong, and had-done a mean -thing and was trapp&d;, would l<£td*io-an openly insolent line of action. There is a defiance that «erves for de- fence. ft went sgainst the grain to ubrait, but where was my choice ? " Please to inform Mr : Wade that I jviiiimalce it ciy i business "to keèp tliât appointment," I said, bitterly,' . " It is a-'shatao î " cried Christie. The clatter of a gong broke in oppomnrely "Oft «"Strained situation. You will dine with us, Mr Curtis 7" aitfedfcfrs'tiltuàber. She was a kindly, harmless woman, whom rumour said her. hpsbûfrd bulfiedi t-. "I hesitated. B:ifc Gerald Humber ad=to: tene down what was disagreeable to his sense of courtesy in the precautions lié had taken to ensure my leaving the Manor that night. He wonld hear of no refusal. When we sat down I missed the detective, but, as domestics were present, nothing was said. I sat opposite Christie and by the side of Miss Kesworth. To this new comer in the Manor household I had paid slight heed', since the introduction. - In the drawing room she-had the faculty of effacing herselfi But, now before 1 was aware of it, I was drawn out, and had spoken of my father's" misfortunes, and of our hope and full expectation that we -should yet wind the meshes of the law about the feet of Levi Colbo:ne. It was only when the queries were taking me into the domain of our painfully acquired and incomplete knowledge of Ooib rnc s subsequent, movements that I awoke to the unwisdom of what I was saying. I had replied in nearly au automatic manner, my real interest as much concerned with Christie and Christie'? looks and Christie's very occasional words. Sylvester Wade would ccrta nly have laid an embargo ox my tongue. Yet what could it matter if I had half disclosed the hand we hold at this friendly table, A woman is a gossip and curious by privilege of sex, and it was quite natural that Miss Kseworth should be interested in what had been a more than nine days' scandal of our conntryside. My right-hand companion had a dulcet voice which expressed a soothing pity for me, and, harden ng a little, waxed indignant with Colborne. A bad man ! And Mr Wade oughl to be looking for him now insttad of wasting time over my ring. I wish papa had never boaght it for me," said Christie. And far that sympalhy, what risks of premature disclosure would I not have run ! Levi Colborne must evidently be a thorough rosue and a clever one," observe 1 Miss Kesworth. She rose in obedience to Mrs number's signal, and the dinner was at an end. I should have found it unutteralilv formal and prcsy but for my fair girl's presence. Ge.rald Humber had already baen Cilled away, or perhaps Christie would not have uttered her thought so freely. I now took farewel 1 , saying that I wonld meet Mr Humber, at any rate, before leaving the neighborhood on the morrow. But Christie refused to see her mother- ! n-law's puckered eyebrows and tiny shake of the head. She 8lip;«edout with me into theold-fashioned scented garden. It was to be only a step,-for auld lanp: syne. - But young hearts direct the feet to other paths than those of prudence, and somehow the memory of old walks together was with us—walks that had meant so much though so little wa-i said—and we strayed from the plain track to the gate, and we were on the side .of the house that was most in gloom, and the warm, unpremeditated word came. Even so soon the half .of tny wild dreams was made true. The fact can be succinctly told—a short episode : life atiisxenith: Christie won; j. We had forgotten Sylvester Wade and Levi Colborne, and, I greatly fear, Gerald Humber also. But suddenly Christie said— Hush, Cyril! What does this mean ?" CHAPTER IIL HIS OWN VICTIM. We were ; standing in the thick shadows of a laurel bush, not above stone's throw from the library window. A female figure was slipping stealthily along the narrow line of the clipp lawn. We both recognised the tall, angular shape of Miss Kesworth. She halted at the south corncr, and stooped low by the window. It was hard to understand her manœuvres, unless it were a case of prying or eavesdropping But the circumstance that the lights were lowered within pointed to an empty room, and practically negatived the fancy. &iy; doubt of the woman'd purpose did net last long. I touched Christie's shoulder to b d her still watch closely. Miss Kesworth's form showed up distinctly in the faint moonbeams. She was fixing a rope ladder. It took perhaps two minutes, and then she flitted back as noiselessly. But as she gained the great path I saw a white handkerchief wave. "A signal !" I whispered in Christie's ear. It was certain that some strange crisis was impending, and everything indicated crime. Was Miss Kesworth, then, the robber ! " Where is Wade ?" I asked, under mv breath. " Gone into the village to make inquiries. if o papa said." " He should be here." I had hardly spoken when a sound, like the grating of a foot on gravel, caught my ears. Steps were approaching. We cowered further into the protecting obscurity, and were silent again. A man weut by between the parterres, and I had a full view, lie turned for a second, and stood to listen, and I felt Christie shake from excess of excitement, and, like her, I thought our hiding- place was discovered. But he went on : Sylvester Wade and not Sylvester Wade. It was the same style of pilot jacket that I knew Wade oftenest affected, aud the low grey hat, capable of taking many shapes, and of suggestin < many charactcrs. He was of Wade's height aad build, and, so far as I could surmise under difficulties, "was " like him in face and feature. Bun I was wholly persuaded that this man was not Sylvester Wade. What, then, could be afoot but villainy of the most leekless type? I grew qiseerly rigid, and my hands clenched. The detective had ouce laughed in his cheery fashion, as with the confidence of a man who was sure to swing the odds of a troublesome case over to his side, and had said to me— Here's a photograph here—tapping his breast pocket—".the odd thing is it shows a fellow who might pass for my double." " Look !" said Christie, gently, With cat-like alacrity the pseudo- Wade was swarming up the rope ladder. We heard the click of a casement, and ne» more was to be seen. " That is my dressing-room. The jewels arc there." '•Ah !" Dolt that I was not to understand before. "Take a safe circuit and find your father, or at auy rate, the' butler, and give the alarm," Is?id. " Above everything do not let Miss Kesworth know that anything is found out." " And what will you do ?" " Fetch the police. And first spoil the fellow's descent." I saw bow. this was possible. I had a stout jack knife. With as grim stealth a3 even - Sylvester Wade could have pactised, I foil wed the clever scoundrel, who now, no doubt, was busy with the casket to which Miss Kesworth had diiecied him. A yard or so from the window I cut away one side of the ladder and hung by the otKer. Then my tool frayed through the other above my head until there was the chance of an ugly drop, and I did not venture to contiuue. I slipped to earth again ; a sharp double-handed tug, and the remaining strands, weakened by my weight, broke ; and the thing was done. And luckily the rogue above did not seem to have heard. He suspected no danger at the moment, or from that quarter. Fortunately Cadmore village was close, and I had soon routed out the local sergeant of police ani his man. Two officers sufficed for the parish. They stared at my tale, -bnt fell in with my directions, and the three of us made a quick march to the Manor. But, as I might perhaps have expected from a schemer of such dashing audacity and brilliant resource, our checkmate appeared to be only a partial success. Miss Keswortfa'-iiad : heén-;on cl se guard,-and Christie »tas foiledindoors. Her father had been got out of the way by a feint, and the bulnr was too confused to deal properly with the problem. The man's clumsy consternation betrayed to Mrs Humber's " companion " that an awkward screw was loose. She alarmed the thief, and he walked coolly downstairs with a parcel under his arm, and out of the front door, molested by nobody. When my party came on the scene the house was in confusion. The jewels were gone Miss Kesworth had almost escaped too ; but before I knew how things stotid in tho house. I had suggested to Seigeant Pinter tV,at the constable should watch under the remnant of the rope ladder. Coles had a sharp ear. He dëtected sounds of snrreptùions retreat from the folding doors of the drawing room. Dashing across the lawn he intercepted and held fast the fugitive. Ani Mi.-s Kesworth alternately menaced and cajoled him in vain. " Noa, noa," said honest Coles, who was one of ptu sturdy aïjd stolid men 'nf the shire, * " I've got ee aïid' I keeps ee,- leastways till Sergeant says ee ninn go." And he heeded not the -lady's flights of eloquence. ivevertheless, it was a defeat. • The capture of the cracksman's accomplice would not restore the missing jewels: The " plant " had -been too well contrived, and Christie was the sufferer. But my dear girl did not weep and wail as a fine dame miglit -have done. She" thrilled me with a touch and a whisper— " My dower has disappeared ; perhaps papa will not be so hard to persuade now," she said. . She was thinking of our loveH and plighted promise even in thatfeam^ "i- Miss Kesworth would not open her lips after it • became patent fictitious indignation was wasted word; But it was obvious she "was greatly cast down. When Gerald Humber came in and heard the story there, was a second scene. He raved at the stupid complaisance with which- he had received rogues and impostors on the' ! strength of their own representations^ I saw o sneer on Miss Kesworth'slthin fabds She still sat silent. ' But the real*denotement "wag-yet to come. Whpn Sergieant" Pinter was for making a move,'and ^lodging"-his prisoner in the station house preparatory to raising the hue and cry for the inale swindler, the door of the library opened. Sylvester Wade stood on the threshold. I think there was general stupefaction in the room. " What's this ? " he said ; and I recognised the voice I had listened to at Willesden. "Oh. I see ; there were two of them. You've taken one and I've caught the other. A queer business altogether. It looked fishy for me at one time. It isn't very hopeful now, I should say. for Mr Levi Colborne ; and he is his own victim." I never saw a whiter face, a wilder look of alarm, than the wretched woman in our midst presented. Pinter thought she was about to swoon, and called for water. But she waved it from her imperiously. " Levi Colborne ! " I echoed ; " was it Levi Colborne ? " And, again, I recalled the fact that Gimble. the name taken by the sham Sylvester Wade, was an old alias of tbe man we had sought so many months in vain. " Yes ; and it was an uncommon sharp run between his wit and mine," said the detective. " I told you that it was in an odd form the news came which took me to Liverpool, Mr Curiis." " You did." I suspected it then, and inquired farther. I had arranged fir another wire to meet me by one of my peop'e at Rugby. This purported to disclose the sender as—yourself. Fortunately, I had met you, and knew at once it was false, and therefore, a trick. I wondered if it had anything to do with affairs here. I changed my route, came back, and on to Hentbury as rapidly as I could. The first man I saw at Hentbury station was the ftlbw I was scouring England for ; and made up to match me too. He wanted to take train for London. Didn't he gasp when I gripped him? There were two of us, for I brought my man on in case I wanted a help. So it was a good and *safe take, and Colborne's under safe guard iu the lock-np at Hentbury at this moment. My chum's with him, and he won't easily break prison."' There is not much more to te'l. The scheme had been founded on a current knowledge amongst Gerald Humber's acquaintances of the great value of Christie's jewels, and of the date when she was to reçoive them. This had reached the ears of Colborne, a thoroughly unscrupulous adventurer. An advertisementshort'ybeforcfora lady's companion opened the way, and Colborne's wife established herself at Cadmore Manor by the aid of forged testimonials as Miss Kesworth. The master-mind of the conspiracy licew he was wanted by Wade for a very different set of offences, and knew that he resembled the detective. He conceived the idea of playing an exceedingly bold game by bluffing Wade, sending him on a wild-goose chase, and helping himself iu the interim to his identity. By these means, aad his wife's theft of the ring, he was officially invited to the house he intended to rifle. The plan broke down, as I sa ; d at the outset by reason of the casual introduction of myself amongst the set of actors. The penalty of failure was a long term of imprisonment for both the Colbornes. Christie's jewels were recovered from the person of the thief, ind a considerable part of my own property was also, in the sequel, reclaimed. But the happy thing was that, when I bought my City partnership, Gerald Humber's congratulations took the shape of a free consent that Christie should be my wife. I take it that to any young man such a promise means power at the springs of enterprise. 