AWAKE ! ARISE ? BY REV. JOHN MCNEILL. " Awake thou that sleepest' and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light."—EPH. V. 14- HERE is a text that is a sermon. You may forget what I say, but I want you to remember the text. I would put the trumpet to my lips and sound this text over and over again, " Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light." There is the sinner decribed ; there is a sinner addressed ; there is the sinner pointed to the Saviour. What more would you have ? " Awake thou that sleepest." The man who is not converted, the soul here that is not walking in the light of Christ's grace, is asleep ; you are like one who at twelve o'clock in the day is still snoring soundly on his bed. It is not a complimentary description, is it ? The Bible never was complimentary to a sinner, the Bible always speaks the plain, bare truth : that is why folks don't like the Bible, and don't like the preacher. If you have not wakened up to knowledge of sin, a painful knowledge of sin, as a plague and a disease that has fastened on your vitals which you cannot shake off; if you have not wakened up to a knowledge of God, and of the judgment, of heaven and of hell, where are you but sleeping—soundly sleeping 1 The a^ful realities of existence are a'l round about you, but are unheard and unappreciated. If you want to rouse a man, you have got to rouse him ; you will never rouse a heavy sleeper, like some of you, by standing up and washing your hands in invisible soap and water, and whispering polite nothings. If you are only wakened up, you will admit all I am saying. I will go bail for it, that you come to me to-morrow night, if you taku Chris*, to-ni^ht, and you would say, "Preacher, you were right : my past unconverted life was just as good as a sleep, a dream—unreal ; and I have only woke up to the realities of existence, to the realities of time and eternity." A man never forgets the time of bis awakening. Ah ! my careless friend, or my busy friend, busy or careless with the things of time, but asloep as to the things of eternity, this is no world for sleeping in. There may bo circumstances where sleep is appropriate, but that sleep of your soul is awfully inappropriate just now. Do you know where I once caught a mnn sleeping ? I once caught a man lying asleep—a drunken sleep—between the fourfoot, us it is called, of the railway, and the midnight express coming thundering down the bank. Such is thy state, oh, unconverted soul. Thou art asleep between the mils, and God's judgvinvnt express is coming down, and is almost on top of you. I wakened that man, didn't I ? How could I pass him 'i And didn't I wake him rather roughly ? Wouldn't I hare been a fool if I had sat down and said nolito thiugs to hini ? Was I not Lis best friend when I gripped him and held him, and, half ask<op and half awake, got him into safety. And am I no* your friend to stand in the face of you to-night and tell you the truth ? Tbrn, t» help yon to *u*% d > y >n n»tic* *hit the text Mf? ? " Arise from (he dead." What doe* that mean 1 That is the counter-blast to those seductions that are trying to grip you in tbeir soft embraces while I am trying to arouse you. There is the truth, too, to describe what is round about you and the state you are in. Who would sleep in a graveyard \ Who would live, among bones and decay 1 And that is where you are living, unconverted sinner. " Arise from the dead." That is to help you make a jump; for you will be like them if you stay with them much longer, utterly dead, no more impressed at all with the rousing call of the Gospel; and the very Spirit of God Himself may say at last. " Sleep on,sleep on. Ephraim is joined to his idols, let him alone." In this wonderful little text of mine there is another trumpet blast—two trumpet calls in one text: not many texts like that! "Awake thou that sleepest,—-and" and what? "and arise from the dead." What does that mean ? I think there is a beautiful sequence in these two trumpet calls, in these two evangelical cries out from God's heart, and out from the Holy Ghost's heart. First of all " Awake ; " that's the first thing. But 3very man who awakens is not a man who is up, is he ? No, no! Some of us make a big difference between awakening and getting up. It is not so hard to awaken some of you, but oh, it a job to get you on your feet! If it were not for the spur you have to go, some of you don't know when you would go. It is one thing to be wakened up, and another thing to get up, How many things come in between these ! And, spiritualy, how true that is ! I believe it is illutrated at every evangelistic meeting. If we are preaching the Word of God, we will have people interested, and they will sit back and say, " That is true, that is straight, this is plain ; now that's the kind of preaching that does'nt fly over a fellow's head." You admit this is true ; you areawakenei ; that is all You do not come to Christ. There is one thing which keeps people from gettting up ; sometimes it keeps me. I have wakened and not got up ; this was the fatal thing : I fell over again and dreamed that I was up. Haven't you done that ? I dreamed that I was up and dressed, and then afterwards woke with a start and an awful dissapointment, to find (hat it was all to do yet. I'm afraid there are a lot of people that way in religion. The life of unbelief and worldiness, and of taking the day as it comes—the. devil is whispering, how sweet it is, how pleasant! He is telling you that to come to Christ is to come to a new Master who is hard, and whom there is no pleasing ; and as to wages, no body ever saw them. The devil says, " You know I pay you cash down." He is a liar ; he does not. But he will dare to say it all the same. Come away to Christ; do not yield to the whispering seductions of the devil and the flesh. Spring to your feet like a man ; it is high time—it is almost past time. " What meanest thou, Oh sleeper? Arise, and call upon thy God." See the beautiful sequence of the text: first of all to awaken you, then to get you up, and then " Christ shall give thee light." When a man wakens under the preaching of the Gospel to the eternal verities of God's Word and truth, and springs up into activity, he usually finds that he wakens up to darkuess and perplexity, and often in more or less of alarm, with fright upon his spirits. He awakens—to put it in Old Testament fashion—witli Sinai gleaming upon his soul. That sight, " that blackness and darkness, and voice of the trumpet, and sound of words," that lightning and thunder, and there is no peace and no rest. And nothing about him seems to give peace. Whenever a soul is awakened and aroused, then the Bible, that has been talking in thunder tones to you all along, suddenly changes, and brings in a new word, " Christ shall give thee light." Trembling, anxious soul, look to Jesus ! and the more you turn your eyes from Sinai to another hill— the moment you turn your eyes to Calvary, you will get peace. Look to Hiun, the Light of the world. He is the Light that calms my fears, and delivers me from all my guilt and condemnation. Christ shall give thee light—light tosie by, light to waik by, light for all your path along the road ; and light, you know, means everything here. Darkness means all that is fearful nnd gloomy and paralysing ; light mcane everything that is helpful and hopeful, and liberating and enriching. Couie to Christ: that is to say, let in the light of peace and pardon that streams from the crucified and glorified .Saviour. Let Him shine on you, and let Him shine in you. Faith in Him is the opening of the eye? to let in the saving light. l)r. Iioratius Bonnr, the sweet singer of Israel, baa beautifully written :— " I heard the voice of Jesus say, ' I am this dark world's light. Look unto Me, thy morn shall rise And all thy day b<; bright.' I looked to Jesu*, and I f mnd In Him tny star, my sun, And in that light of life I'll walk Till travelling days are done." The Ettgli$h In'le/mt<l«itt, wbic'.t for some time past lias b*et> edited by the Her. F. II. Stead, brother of Mr. \V\ T. Stoul, has be -n purchased and will henceforth be edited by the It'v. Burfor l Hooke, II. A., exassistant secretary of the Congregational Union 