NICK OF THE WOODS. CHAPTER XIX.—Continued. At that conjuncture, and just when Forrester caught his breath with intense and devouring expectation, an incident occurred which entirely changed the face of affairs, and snatched the victory from the hands of the Kentuckians. The gallant Bruce, thus calling upon his followers to prepare for the charge, had scarce uttered the words recorded, before a voice, lustier even than his own, bellowed from a bush immediately on his rear— " Take it like a butcher's bull-dog, tooth and nail !—knife and skull- splitter, foot and finger, give it to 'em every way,—cock-a- doodle-doo !" At these words, coming from a quarter and from an ally entirely unexpected, young Bruce looked behind him, and beheld, emerging from a hazel bush, through which it had just forced its way, the visage of Roaring Ralph Stackpole : its natural ugli- ness greatly increased by countless scratches and spots of blood, the result of his leap down the ledge of rocks, when first set upon by the Indians, and his eyes squinting daggers and ratsbane, especially while he was giving utterance to that gallinaceous slogan with which he was wont to express his appetite for conflict, and with which he now concluded his unceremonious salutation. The voice and visage were alike familiar to Bruce's senses ; and neither was so well fitted to excite alarm as merriment. But, on the present occasion, they produced an effect upon the young Regulator's spirits, and through them upon his actions, the most unfortunate in the world ; to understand which it must be recollected that the worthy Kentuckian had, twenty-four hours before, with his own hands, assisted in gibbeting honest Ralph on the beech tree, where, he had every reason to suppose, his lifeless body was hanging at that very moment. His as- tonishment and horror may therefore be con- ceived, when, turning in some perturbation at the well known voice, he beheld that identical body, the corpse of the executed horse-thief, crawling after him in the grass, " winking and blinking and squinting," as he was used afterwards to say, " as if the devil had him by the pastern." It was a spectacle which the nerves of even Tom Bruce could not stand : it did what armed Indians could not do, — it frightened him out of his propriety. For- getting his situation, his comrades, the savages,—forgetting everything but the fact of his having administered the last correction of Lynch-law to the object of his terror, he sprang to his feet, and, roaring. " By the etarnal devil, here's Ralph Stack- pole !" he took to his heels, running, in his confusion, right in the direction of the enemy, among whom he would have presently found himself, but for a shot, by which, before he had run six yards, the un- fortunate youth was struck to the earth. The exclamation, and the sight of Ralph himself, who also rose to follow the young leader upon what he deemed a rush against the foe, electrified the whole body of the Regulators, who were immediately thrown into confusion ; of which, the savages took the same advantage they had taken of Bruce's agitation ; firing upon them as they rose, and then rushing upon them to end the fray, before they could recover their wits or spirits. It needed but this, and the fall of their leader, to render the disorder of the young men irretrievable ; and, accordingly, in less than a moment, they were seen,—all, at least, who were not almost disabled.—flying in a panic from the field of battle. It was in vain that the captain of horse-thieves, divin- ing at last the cause of their extraordinary flight, roared out that he was a living man, with nothing of a ghost about him what- ever ; the panic was universal and irremedi- able, and nothing remained for him to do but to save his own life as quickly as possible. " 'Tarnal death to me !" he bellowed, turning to fly ; but a groan from Bruce fell on his ear. He ran to the side of the fallen youth, and, catching him by the hand, ex- claimed, " Now for the best leg, Tom, and a rush up hill to the horses !" " You ar'n't hanged then, after all ?" mattered the junior ; and then fell back as if unable to rise, adding faintly, " Go ;—rat it, I'm done for.—As for the—'l—savages, what have I to say—'l—'l—. But I reckon scalping's not much ;—'l—'l—one soon gets used to it !" And thus the young Kentuckian, his blood oozing fast, his mind wandering, his utterance failing, muttered, resigning him- self to his fate, ignorant that even Stackpole was no longer at his side to hear him. His fate did indeed seem to be inevitable ; for, while Stackpole had him by the hand, vainly tugging to get him on his feet, three different Indians were seen running with might and main to quench the last spark of his exis- tence, and to finish Stackpole at the same time. But in that very emergency, the ill-luck which seemed to pursue the horse- thief and all with whom he was associated, found a change ; and destiny sent them both assist- ance in a way and by means as unexpected as they were unhoped for. The approach of the savages was noticed by Roaring Ralph, who, not knowing how to save his young executioner, against whom he seemed to entertain no feelings of anger whatever, and whose approaching fate he appeared well disposed to revenge before- hand, clapped his rifle to his shoulder, to make sure of one of the number ; when his eye was attracted by the spectacle of a horse rushing up the stony road, neighing furiously and scattering the Indians before him. It was the charger Briareus, who had broken from the tree where he had been fastened below, and now came dashing up the hill, distracted with terror, or perhaps burning to mingle in the battle, which he had heard and snuffed from afar. He galloped by the three Indians, who leaped aside in alarm, while Stackpole, taking advantage of the moment, ran up and siezed him by the bridle. In another moment, he had assisted the fainting Ken- tuckian upon the animal's back, leaped up behind him, and was dashing with wild speed up the hill, yelling with triumph, and laughing to scorn the bullets that were shot vainly after. 