TMÏÏ«K CHAPTER XXVIII. " NOBODY'S BHEHY BOT HIS OWH." But Barry's tombstone was not ordained to be SACEBD TO THE MEMOBT or BARRY, Aged Seventeen Tears aud Nine Months, Beloved Wife of John Vandelenr, though John had composed the above in his mind that evening as he fed ¿he cattle. His mother ran out to him with tears rolling down ber cheeks and crying out. "Oh, Johnnie, thank the Lord she's come to again, and seems on the mend, after all !" Providence had still something to be done by un- happy Barry before Bhe should rise up; and leave this world, which had been but a hard world to her. John Vandeleur kept that promise, which had been wrung from him for some weeks, for shame's sake, probably, and was in many respects improved. Perhaps his fragile young wife, üi her appealing weakness'and convalescence, seemed "worth sacri- ficing a little enjoy ment, for, even to the extent of 'stopping his grog,' now that she followed him with such sweet and gentle smiles. Perhaps it was hearing that promise, just when she was about to slip through the dread portal, that had staid her weary spirit ~a little longer on the earth, to see if perchance God would be kinder now.- Barry was ever smiling, ever gentle, kind, unruffled ; John found something in him which made it hard to go deliberately and quench the hopeful spirit again. Sometimes John had tramped doggedly all the way to the tavern, with the determination not to let this nonsense interfere with his liberty any longer, but his conscience had scourged him all the way home again, without permitting him to enter the doors. As long as she was so weak he thought he would humor her. He often thanked his stars that his hectoring hadn't killed her outright that time, for he felt sure that her ghost would have haunted him if it had. If he hadn't broken out on her that day she wouldn't have gone off in the storm to her mother's, and then when she came back, to throw her on the floor; well! well! it was all right now, no use whin- ing over the past. A chap couldn't always be held accountable for every bit of temper, and he was no- body's enemy but his own. So Barry gathered back her strength and ber roses ; more delicate these than {he faintest daisy tip, and hope tock possession of her breast and made her beautiful. She was not afraid of the rough pathway of life if John would only keep sober and kind, for Bhe has a mightier Friend to lean upon now, than any on earth, and she liked best to do His will. Thus the brief respite passed by, and John fell insensibly into his old habits. She could not tell whan he had again given way to the deadly vice which was his master ; nor could she blame herself for lack of any wifely duty toward him, but John became as bad as ever. Poor little wife. How many have, like her, believed they saw the answer to their prayers in a reformed husband, and ere long found their mistake. " Nodody's enemy but his own !" Is that assertion, the drunkard's boast, quite true.? And the drunkard's wife must hide"how cruel a foe he ¿'to her, how he jeera at'her grief, and taunts her despair, ? And she must blind the world, which is so censorious, how John can treat her, in his cups, and smile, heart-brokenly. For know, behind no prison bars That slnr the sunshine half n mile, Are souls that sit uncomforted Like souls behind a smile. ' Almost a year had passed since Barry's wedding day. It was a Sunday evening, translucent and crisp, with that aharply defined shadowing which golden clouds cast on earth, when they have been curled by frost Barry had gone to church, but was sitting be- side her mother-in-law's bed reading to her, for Mrs. Vandeleur had been ailing for some time. Even while Barry read the sacred words, in her low, awed voice, the crisis of her life had come, and was past. A man darkened the door-way, and blotted the faint cloud-light from Barry's page. "Oh, Mr. Marsdale, is it," exclaimed Barry, rather startled. " Dear me, how queer you look ; sit down." The new-eomer looked like a man who has seen some horrible thing. He panted ; his face was one dull, awful white ; his lips trembled, and before he eould speak he had to rub them with his hand- kerchief. " I'm sorry to hev to tell you, ma'am, that-" Here he caught sight of old Mrs. Vandeleur lying ill in bed, and stopped abruptly. Barry passed out of the room quickly, beckoning him to follow her. "Now, what is it?" murmured Bhe, pale to the lips, but collected. "We were at Berrysford-me, and John, and Selwyn-with Selwyn's young horse, for a bit of a drive, ma'am-" " It is about John, is it ?" murmured the young I wife, sinking dizzily upon a chair. "Oh, Mr.' Marsdale, what has happened to him ?" " Coming home, ma'am, round that corner on the hill- ' You know where it is- them rocks ? Well, the mist was coming up from the river and floating like over the road, and the turn was so sharp, and the horse so mettlesome, that- that John,-he were driving, ma'am, and he driv right over. And, by thunder ! I beliqve he's dead." Not very delicately broken, and the odour of brandy exhaling from every breath of the man, betrayed the true cause of the accident. Barry's great black eyes were wild with horror ; she leaned heavily against the wall. " Where is he ?" she whispered. " They're bringing him home, ma'am ; they'll be here soon. I came first to tell you," muttered the man, wiping again his yellowish-white lips. "Phil Selwyn's arm's broke, and I'm pretty well Bhook ; but. Lord, ma'am, he'll never move again. Eight on his skull, ma'am, he fell, and never groaned-" "Hark!" whispered Barry, turning her ashen face toward the door. Her husband was coming home. For the last time he was coming through the gateway under the wild rose tree ; for the last time coming up the turfy path, and in at the parlor door. Not loud and angry now, striding past her with a maudlin oath; quiet enough now-gentle and passive-felled by the god he bad served-King Alcohol. Never cruel again to shrinking Barry Vandeleur ; never harsh and insolent more to the old woman lying half asleep in there ; never more to be even his own enemy. Dead? They placed him on the little sofa, breathing hard because their hearts are big with fear and grief S they stand about dumbly, while the young wife kneels beside the blood bebabbled form and help* lessly looks in his face. Dead? Ten minutes since a roystering, shouting, half maddened drunkard, lashing on a foaming horse» with reins loose grasped ; now a silent, inert shape, laid heavily down, with upturned chin and half closed eyes, and hands depending over the sides of the sofa in long death-lines. Dead? With the1 brain that was given him wherewith to think the .noble thoughts and to conceive the glorious aspirations of a soul which will be death- less-with that brain saturated with the poison of alcohol, diseased, disorganized as never was the brain of a mad man. Oh, is he dead in his mad- ness? She glanced round her fearfully, meeting the pitying eyes of the assembled neighbours. "The-the doctor," quivered she, white-lipped» "and please leave us." Dumbly they went ont, having nothing to say to Death. She flung herself upon tho floor beside that shat- tered tenement from whioh the poor soul seemed fled, and she wept before her Friend whom she had leaned upon, for his life to be returned to him, if only for a little space, to give him time to die ! And it seemed as if her frenzied prayers were heard ; for presently John Vandeleur uttered a faint, low sigh, and opened his eyes. In that moment of supreme faith, his return to consciousness was no surprise to her ; she passed her soft arm under his head and lifted it gently. " What's the matter ?" muttered John, with thiok tongue. Then he remembered, and a horror inconceivable spread itself over his ghastly face. " Death, and great darkness after death" were before him ; the flat has gone forth-he must die. " Could - could - you- say something - a prayer ?" muttered John, brokenly. She bowed her meek face tenderly over his ; she told him, in her quiet voice, about the Friend whom she had found, and what a Friend He was. She forgot that the fice that lay heavy as lead upon her arm was coarsened before its time by vice and self-indulgence most abject ; she did not notice that the laboured breath was heavy with the fumes of liquor ; having once had her trespasses forgiven her, Bhe knew how to forgive him who had trespassed against her, and tenderly to urge him for even the few last tottering steps of his wa/ into'the path of peace. But John was sinking fast ; and, ah, to see him, in the heyday of his youth, not wasted with long illness or wearied out by age, clinging frantically to the life that was oozing from that shattered body-'twas a pitiful sight to see ! And nearer crept the shadowy boat which was to bear him from the shores of earth across the black death stream-whither ? " Must I-die-now ?" gasped John, fixing his wide, awed eyes upon her yearning face. "Dear John, say this one little prayer after me-" " Oh, Barry, am I dying ?" burst forth the muffled voice, wildly. " John, I'm afraid you are. My poor, poor John '. if I could only die instead of yon, to give you time !" " Barry-you-are a-good girl. I didn't nae you-rightly. Can-you forgivfe-me-now ?" " Yes, yea, John, and so will God, if you ask His pardon for all your sins." " Will He ? I-doubt- Oh, (Jod, let me live !" wailed the unhappy man. She wiped, the death dews from his brow and lips ; but her tears fell like rain. " Say-you-you don't-bear me-no grudge, girl," panted John, again. "Heaven knows I don't, my poor husband!'' sobbed she. " If-if-I had-thought-you really-liked me -maybe-I wouldn't ha' gone to-the bad so quick," groaned he, faintly. " Oh, John," she wailed, overwhelmed with remorse ; " I haven't baen a good wife to you after all. I see that I made you no better, but worse. Oh, John, forgive me, I beg and pray, for I am so sorry now !" *" Kies me-Barry-my girl. It wasn't you-did it-it was drink. Sing-something-about heaven. Oh, my Lord-will-will I go there-where drunkards-never-can-go ?" Ah, the ring of mortal anguish in those dying tones ! Not only for temporal ruin, but for eternal, must the demon of intoxication answer. She sang a little hymn, brokenly. The death anguish in the wide eyes grew wilder, stronger. She raised him in her soft arms higher; she sealed his fading lips with the kiss of farewell; and then, with a last shudder at the icy watsrs of eternity, the poor soul entered Charon's boat, leaving but his effigy in clay for the doctor and the hurrying neighbors to medicate. Next day an inquest was held upon the body, I during which very little was said about the after- noon spent at the Berrysford tavern, and a verdict of "Accidental death" was returned, although everybody knew well that intoxication was the acci- dent which had killed John Vandeleur. Poor John Vandeleur, where are you now ? If lost, is it you .vliom we must blame, or that which society approves ? If saved, may we confi- dently look for such salvation to be the reward of every man who is " nobody's enemy but his own ?" CHAPTEE XXIX. MAM3IA 3I0BNE GOES AVISITING. About six months after the events related in the last chapter, the beautiful old lady who lived in the magnificent house all by herself, in Surrey, was sur- prised one fine winter's day by receiving a visit from a woman of whom she had heard some slight accounts. She was a comely old woman, with a high nose and bird-bright eyeB, neat and clean as a daisy, and she held a folded newspaper in her hand with as much care as if it were a roll of bank bills. " Mrs. Monck, marm, I beg pardon for intruding. My name's Catherine Morne, from Bonaccorde, a country woman, ma'am." She was courtesying deeply before Mrs. Monck's rosewood work table. The soft-faced old lady looked at her deeply sur- prised, but most courteously offered her a chair near herself. " I am glad to see you, Mrs. Morne," said she> gently. "Do not say you intrude. " I'm afraid I won't come at my business very cleverly, ma'am," said the other, blushing deeply, " but believe me, I mean no offence, and am not wishful to forget the difference betwixt your station and raine." "Pray do not," murmured the patrician lady, with a little wave of the white hand; "you distress me by such humility. Proceed without fear, madam, and it may be that you will .please instead of offending me." " Thank you, I'm sure," said Mrs. Morne, grate- fully. " I'll try to say on as honestly, meaning no offense, as I kin. I must tell you first that Mr. Monck, your eldest son, was at our place may be two years ago, and-and-" Faltering and shamefaced, the good dame broke down, but Mrs. Monck said, gently : " I have recently learned that portion of my son's life ; my other son has written me upon the subject. Your little daughter-Barry by name, is she -not ? -once loved my Bon, but was induced to marry some one else." "Yes, indeed, ma'am, God forgive me!" cries Mrs. Morne. " I was hard-hearted enough to force my poor girl into a marriage that's Well nigh laid her in her grave--" "Ah!" interjected Mrs. Monck, with vivid interest. "I can sympathize. Goon. You regret it now, poor woman ?" " Regret it !" said Mrs. Morne, with brimming eyes. " Yes, ma'am, that I do, with all my heart. But you see, at the same time I thought John Vandeleur was a steady, easy-going man, and more in her station o' life, and that belike a gentleman like Mr. Monck might-I beg pardon, ma'am for saying the like-but might desert her by and by. And so, in spite of her, 1 made my darling marry John ; and-Lord forgive me for speaking against the dead-but ma'am, he nearly broke my Barry's heart altogether. Mrs. Morne was weeping unrestrainedly, for she saw such profound sympathy reflected from Mrs. Monck's face that she had forgotten her constraint. " Is Barry's husband dead ?" asked she eagerly. "Yes, poor, misguided fellow, more than six monthB ago," said Mrs. Morne. " And is she well ?" murmured the lady, wistful and yearning. "Yes, thank Providence; since I've took her home, my blessed lamb has come to look more like herself than she ever looked' since the day I told her she wasn't to have Windsor Monck." Mrs. Monck clasped her soft hands yearningly. " Oh, that they might meet and love earn other yet !" she breathed. W Mrs. Morne looked up with a brilliant Bparkle of the eye, and such a charmed smile. " Do you wish it ?" sha cried. " Oh, Mrs. Monck» I'm so grateful to you. You see my heart was so Bore about my darling that I couldn't rest night nor day for planning how I could make it up to her again for all the ill I have done her ; and at last I see something in this paper that sent me along to speak to you, and that waB the very thing I was so wishful to say. And, somehow, I couldn't, ma'am, it seemed so presuming like to offer my Barry to a gentleman like your son, and after the way I had treated him, for to come to say them words to his mother. Ma'am, if I've displeased yon, I didn't want to do it." " No, no, Mrs. Morne, you have not j you have gladdened my very heart," said Mrs. Monck. " Why, if your daughter is free, and my son is at liberty to come back to England, they may be happy yet. Thank Heaven for this light out of darkness !" " The minute I see this blessed paper," said Mrs. Morne, unfolding the cherished Times, " I longed to make it worth his while tocóme back a pardoned man. I read here that a free pardon has been extended to all them as was blamed for Fraser's death; and I thought-roy Barry's got her freedom back, too, and I'll go and tell his mother so." " I will write my BOUB this very day," said Mrs. Monck, with softly shining eyes, " and they will at once come home to us. It may be that through your dear Barry I may win my son's forgiveness for a great evil I did him long ago." Mrs. Monck unreservedly related the sad circum- stances of Windsor's first marriage to her visitor,, who in return told her all poor Barry's little story from end to end while they both wept with grief and pity ; after which the two women, elad respec- tively in silk and serge, felt drawn toward each other by bonds of tender confidence. Mrs. Morne also recounted the history of her misguided daughter Lovina, hearing her surprise from Mrs. Monck the truth of the case, and learn- ing that she was last heard of at an address which . Mrs. Monck handed to her friend, having herself received it from her own lawyer, who kept an eye on the young woman. Mrs. Monck did not say much about the destroyer of Minor's happiness probably feeling that she could say no good, and need therefore hold her peace to Lovina's mother. Armed with this address, Mrs. Morne left her new friend accompanied with every good wish, and took rail for the town whore she expected to Bee her elder daughter. In the evening her hackney coach set her down opposite the address on the card which Mrs. Monck had given to her, which was, "William Watts, No. 104,-street." Mrs. Morne was in front of a small stone house built beside a stately iron gate, evidently the lodges She knocked sturdily at the the door, which was instantly jerked open by a young woman whose face waB sharp and angry, and bedaubed with drops of whitewash ; and whose hand grasped a whitewash brush which dripped over her faded blue chintz gown. "Hey-day! Lovina!" ejaculated Mrs. Morne, re- cognizing in the slatternly young woman her daughter, once so lady-like, "is this what you've come to !" -A ! "Mother, is it you!" cried Lovina, shrinking back with a dismayed look. " Dear me ! I never thought to see you here !" " I suppose not," said Mrs. Morne, dryly ; "you didn't give me much chance. Well, are you the servant here? Because, if you are, I suppose they let you ask your mother in for ten minutes ?" " Oh, come in, come in ; I'm sure I'm so surprised that I'm stupid. I am so sorry that I should happen to be at the parlor ceiling to-day, but Mr. Watts will allow no hired service, and I have to do my best alone." ( " Eh-eh ?" cried Mrs. Morne bewildered. But Lovina did not appear to hear her, but led her into the disordered kitchen, where a smell of warm glue and lime predominated, and where it was very difficult to find a clean chair to sit down * on. " Humph !" snorted the tidy old dame, looking about her with disfavor ; " this a poor enough place». Bather a down come I should say. I must declare I never thought to see you get so low as to be any- body's kitchen maid 1" "I am not anybody's kitchen-maid," retorted Lovina, with a peculiar smile, which expressed both complacency and embarrassment. She had a shabby, washed-out look, as if she had a good deal of rough hard work to do, and yet a self-satisfied air, as if she felt herself complete mistress of the situation. Mrs. Morne was so puzzled that she could scarcely pursue her inquiries. " What are you doing here, then ?" persisted she. " I live here," said Lovina, with affected dignity. " As what ?" asked Mrs. Morne, impatiently At that moment a shrill cry from some inner sanctury caused Lovina to dart thither, while Mrs. > Morne nearly jumped off her chair. " Nurse-maid !" snorted she in disgust. " Well, her eddication hasn't gone far." Lovina came out of the bedroom with a bundle in her arms, and, with an odd assurance, she ran to Mrs. Morne and plumped it in her lap. " There, dear, kiss your grandmother ;" said she standing off. " Heh ?" screamed Mrs. Morne, looking from the quaint, purple face of the baby to the smirking one of Lovina in boundless amaze. " Dear me, mother, why not P What are you so frightened at?" cried Lovina, with a hysterical giggle. "That's my baby, and I'm Mrs. Watts!" "Oh, my good graoious!" muttered Mrs. Morne,. gazing about her deprecatingly. "You've got married at last, then ?" " Oh, long ago. Who do you think he is like ?" " I'm sure I don't know," faltered the undeligh ted grandmother ; " he's not like any of my family, so I suppose he must be like your-your husband." "Yes, he is juBt his very picture, and he's five weeks old to-morrow-" " Why didn't you send us word that you were married ?" Mrs. Watts mumbled something, and went into the bedroom for baby's shawl. " What's your husband ?" next demanded Mrs. Morne. " He is in the position of janitor to the uni- versity," said Mrs. Watts, stiffly. I " And this is the old Judas that beguiled the student into informing on his mates by making bim drunk ?" snorted the elder lady in disgust. " Well, well ! I shouldn't think the students were over fond of you or him, Lovina." " I don't value their opinion-no not one jot,'* said Mrs. Watts, tossing her head and getting very ^ red, while she took the ancient looking infant out of his grandmother's lax embrace quite testily. Mrs. Morne glanced out of the window, and pursed up her lips. " Who's that dried up old fellow standing on the door step ?" queried she, grimly. Mrs. Watts looked out. " My gracious, mother !" exclaimed she, freez ingly ; " that's Mr. Watts. " That !" reiterated the dame, in a tone that conveyed no flattery. " That my son-in-law !" " You'll remember, I suppose," retorted Mrs. Watts, ready to cry with mortification, " that we never asked yon to come and claim him for your son-in-law. " That's true," observed Mrs. Morne, quietly» " I suppose you were rather loth to show what you had to come down to after using young Mr. Monck so badly. I ar'n't a morsel surprised that you'd prefer not to show us an old party like that." " Mr. Watts is a very refined person," said Mrs. Watts, affectedly, and the sole reason of my not in- troducing him to my family was that I feared his critical taste-" " Yes," burst forth Mrs. Morne, with snapping eyes, " we wasn't polished up enough for that there little crab, was we ? Well, I thank the Lord that I hadn't never to live in a sty like this-I do, inueed, _ But, do you know, Lovina, that now John is gone, our Barry may be Mrs. Monck yet ?" This, with malice prepense ; for Mrs. Morne was . by no meanB sure that Windsor Monck would forgive her for her past interference enough to enter the family. Mrs. Watts coloured fiercely, and looked as if' she could have thrown the baby on the floor. " May she, indeed ?" snapped she. " Well, I wish her joy. My husband never broke the laws of* his country, I'm thankful to say. If Barry's mean-spirited enough to make up to the man who had to rnn away from her and hide from justice, let her. She'll make a proper wife for him, Barry will." i " Fie, for shame !" said Mrs. Morne, indignantly. 'Can't you let the poor child be after coming atween her and her heart's wish, as yon did once afore ?-you know yon did. It wasn't in my mind to cast up old accounts to you ; but, seeing you're so brazen hard on Barry,-what hev you got to say for yourself for the way you deceived your mother, and left your home ?" Mr?. Watts wiped her eyes, which were smarting with the unshed tears of rage and envy, and turned her back cn her mother. " Your covetousness and deceit haven't done you . much good in the long run," resumed Mrs. Morne, eloquently. " If you had acted more proper and good-hearted, yon wouldn't have been thankful to marry a dried-up cove like that creetur out there, and scour and drudge in this nutshell, you that used to tremble to put your finger into water." ' | " My husband is a pious and eminently re- spectable person," said Mrs. Watts, as nearly as , possible in the style of Mr. Watts ; " and I would I beg of you to remember, when you call the home which he has offered me a ' nutshell,' that a cot, blessed by peace and respectability, is far superior to a'mansion whose master is a murderer, whose mistress is a fool." Mrs. Morne was denied the consolation of a retort by Mr. Watts, who, fancying he heard voices in bis kitchen, opened the door, and poked in his head. Seeing a country-woman apparently haggling over some bargain with his wife, the little man backed primly into the parlour, and from thence called, briskly : " Mrs. Watts !" That lady, baby in arms, obeyed the summons w'th haste, not to say trepidation ; and the mother in-law had the felicity of hearing this dialogue : " What person have you gat now, ma'am, in my kitchen ?" " Oh, hush-sh ! She's-" " No, woman, I will not whist ! How often have I commanded you not to let these market-woman inside my doors ? You're a fool to stand with the bairn in your arms haggling with a pedler ! Go and tell her I don't want anything to- day, and then tidy up this fearful mess. There's nothing but filth about the house." In this way Mr. Watts berated his own thoroughly subdued wife. Next moment Mrs. Morne stood in the parlor door, dauntless and defiant. ."Your.humble servant, Mr. Watts," said she, with an ironical courtesy, " and I'm sure I'm proud to make the acquaintance of such a fine son-in-law. Excuse my irreverence in calling myself the mother-in-law of such an old gentleman as your- self, Mr. Watts. No, sir, I didn't come to sell you anything, but only to see my daughter, and, having than pleasure, I'll wish you both much joy of each other, and say good-bye." And bestowing a disgusted look on the pair, she walked out, leaving Willie Watts speechless with surprise for the first time in his long life. CHAPTER XXX. ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL. It WEB indeed true that the unfortunate actors in that serio-comic drama, which had ended by old Fraser's death, had been pardoned by the laws, and invited to return to their country. When Trevor had been found in Minor's place, a terrible clamour for justice had been raised, and hiB case looked desperate indeed ; but upon his fully Confessing all the circumstances connected with the janitor's death (there being no further use of re- garding an oath which was already violated) the case looked very different ; and after a long and tedious course of litigation between Roger Fraser and Trevor's lawyers, the noble youth was liberated and his unhappy companions were pronounced guiltless of the crime for which they had exiled themselves. Many gladly returned to their families, and com- menced life, as it were, for the second time ; but some were wanderers to the day of their death, and never stood on English soil again. . But if their lives were overcast, as it were, in the morning, let us trust that to many the temporary gloom only presaged a more glorious afternoon; for of one thing we are convinced, that the oath of total abstinence, which Trevor, from his awakened conscience, implored them to make, was never violated by one of the fifteen youths that day assembled. Whatever trouble thereafter befell them, they had not the vice of drunkenness to blame for them ; but met them manfully-sober, and in their right minds. Of Trevor we have nothing to add, except that Jx& never relapsed into his carelessness and youthful vices, but in time became a successful and useful member of society, and an unobtrusive but effective foe of intemperance. Some few weeks after Mrs. Morne'a visit to Surrey, she was standing on the platform of the Bonaccorde station, awaiting the arrival of the evening train. The lanes of Bonaccorde were freshly, fairly green ; the banks were pale with primroses ; the air was scented with tons and tons of apple-blossoms. As in the sweet, young summer-time of two year ""' ago, when first he came to Bonaccorde, so now in the sweet, young summer-time to-day the valley lay beautiful and delicate, as if fresh from the hand of its Creator. And would he come to-day ? And would she meet him, who had looked fiist in her shy, brown eyes two years ago ? And ia it all past-the sorrow, and longing, and wishing to be at rest ? And is this to be the end heart to heart, never to part again ? Mis. Morne, looking along the railway track, with the red sun in her eyes, sobs a little, and wipes her eyes desperately. Poor, dear Barry ! The train comes rumbling through the valley, with a long, curving tail of smoke, and stops at the platform. A beautiful old lady, in black silk robes and a crimson Bhawl, steps out of a car, leaning on the arm of a tall, dark man, and a youth with bronzed face and violet eyes comes behind them. And the country dame with a faltering step, and large teara rolling over her comely face, goes forth to meet them on the way, and timidly holds out her hand. ^ " Heaven bless ye for this kindness, Mr. Monck !" she whispers, well-nigh overcome; and the dark man gracp3 bflTKands, both of them, and mutters a word or two, which surely are enough, for she wipes , ' her eyes and smiles, and a rare and happy smile it "4 ia " How do you do, dear Mrs. Morne ?" says the delicate lady, looking up lovingly. And how is the clear Barry ? Windsor, I know, is dying to hear about her." " Thanks, Mrs. Monck. She were a little upset when she heard that Mr. Monck were a-coming , to see her, but she took it like a little angel when she got his letter. And this here is Mr. Minor, is it ? You're more'n welcome to Bonaccorde sit." ' As she looks in the handsome and spirited young face which smiles upon her with such frank grace, her thoughts revert to a certain quaint old gentle- man with a pompous air, a puckered smile, and a shrewd eye, and she draws back laughing. Minor expeots to bear the cause of her hilarity, but doesn't, ju-t then. A coach, the beBt in the place, is summoned, and the two women are placed within, still half over- come by the strangeness of the meeting. " Go and tell her, mother," says Windsor Monck, with P glance of tender affection and confidence at Mrs. Monck-"tell her that I am coming. Minor and I will walk slowly after you." So, through the winding, woody road where Roger Fraser tracked his victim, just the same green shadows, just the same glimpse of the white house I over the river ; but how different the heart of one | of the men who were strolling along side by side ! " I wooed a woman once, ' But she was sharper than the eastern wind. j And all my heart turned from her as a thorn Turns from the sea," And Minor was the better for the experience. No more a boy to battle with shadows, or to con- tent himself with the many- tinted bubble of un- reality ; but a man, ready to bear the hard knocks of life, and to aim for a piize worth winning. And what of the dark-browed man whose life had been so sunless P Some plants grow strongest in the shade ; some fruits are mellowed with a touch of frost. And so with Windsor Monck. He had lived all his life for others, and now he scarcely could believe that he was to be permitted to possess the treasure which he had so madly coveted. i Will he find her as of old, his sweet, lovable, dim- pled little girl, the fairest creature God had ever made? Or has she changed by contact with the man whom she had been forced to marry ? " As the husband, so the wife is, Thou art mated with a down ; And the coarseness ot his nature Will have weight to drag thee down." Heaven forbid ! Monck accelerates his pace at evpry step ; Minor, half-smiling, keeps up with it. The bridge is crossed, and this is the great horse-chesnut under which Monck stood in the moaning darkness» listening with cruel doubt to the entreaties, casting off the flower-soft clinging arms of thiB girl he adored, that he might turn him to cold misery. Yonder the white-washed gate ; but there is no shy, girlish shape. Gowned In pure white, and rose filleted, standing there to welcome him. Ah, no ! that tender vision belongs to the ever- more past. The brothers step up the grassy walk and enter the low-browed door ; then passing through the yellow painted kitchen, reach the inner room. She is there in his mother's arms, with her dusk head on his mother's shoulder, while Mrs. Morne stands by, weeping and laughing. Ah, is this she, the slender woman elad in sweep- ing robes of black, black crape up to her chin-hi s beautiful Barry Morne. He has forgotten that his beautiful Barry Morne will be a pal'id widow if the punishment which he has meted to her has been of any avail. But she lifts her pure erhereal face from its nest on the crimson shawl, and looks upward at the brothers, and Windaor Monck is satisfied ; Minor too, beams affection and sympathy from smiling lip and shining eye. They are alone, these two-parted by Heaven's decree ; reunited now by Heaven's loving mercy. What says JWlndsor Monck to this new Barry ? Oh, little face, fraught with memories of bliss ! " I have written to you," cries he, in his deep voice, passion shaken, " How I love you still ! Barry, do you love me as you did ?" She look at him straightly, with that look which a woman can give to but one man on earth ; and her beautiful pale face lifts itself like a glad flower in the sunshine. "Love you ? Yes, oh, yes !" clasping her hands. The words are so simple, yet so replete with meaning-ab, is it not truth, so spoken, sublime P He has not bargained for this. He has expected to humble himself before her for his paBt cruelty to woo her pardon remorsefully. This sweet semblance of his Barry asks for noth- ing. Clasping meek hands, lifting pure eyes, she says " Love you ? Oh, yes !" Beautiful as ever, is she not f Yes, and'with a peace on her white brow never Been on the child- like brows of Barry Morne. He left an entrancing goddess; he returns to find an angel. He clasps her in his arms, and whispers in joy- ful broken accents, "How precious will be to him henceforth the love of his darling bride.'' [THE END.] [The above Story bolng now completad, we shall begin Next Saturday the publica- tion of THE EMPRESS Off THE LEAGUE, a story of a secret society, admirably written and cleverly constructed.] 