A UOUM LETTSM, (From ft correspondent.) London. 80th January. 1892. -The acoountof Mr, Lawrence Icving's accident bus set people thinking what caused suoh.au accident as getting a bullet iu one's-left side to take place, It is believ ed that it; was owing to a bitter intrigiw bo ing published, as to his acting in apky pro duced in Belfast. The latest Lyosura production, Henry VIII,, is as lavish in its appointments as usual. Mr. Irving writes saying the pro duotion did not cost bim *615,OOO and that, his expenses aro not JW0 a week, as stated by a daily paper, Last Wednesday I wont to Aldrldgo'B to see the gale of a batch of Canadian horses recoBtly imported direct from Canada. They were tho property of the Canadian Horad Trading Coy, Ltd., and wore all Bold without reserve. They bud attraored great notice 1 tho yard wr.s crowded, aud s^lea were as followH 1— guineas, not pounds-55, 47, 00, 23, 40, 79, 50, 116, 81, 48, 62, 61, 100, 40, 25, 101, 40, 98, 92, 80, 73, 81, 54, 9?, 06, 27, 72, 04, 47. ThHSd were a picked hi andstoo.i 15 to 17 hinds j all guaranteed quiet to ride, qulot in harness, sound in wind and oyes. Tho above Company intend to sell every week ''til April, 50 horses, from April to August I . ™T. *'ul° JI reqmrea. une coat 01 freight w bo trifling that it only costs 12 per cent, to bring horses from Canada and deliver them when sold to their pmohosers. A certain doctor deolares Influenza is in human beings wlnt mnk«eye is in horses, Talking of men and horses it is a peculiar fact that although the horses of the Lon don Bus Companies aro iu many oases sufferers from influenza there has not been a Biugle case of influenza a'nongsfc the drivers of tho London Hoard Car Company, Exposure to all sorts of weather seems to be the only preventative against the terri ble epidemic. Mr, Wells in back again at Monte Cnilo. His luok is out, Ho lias several timed reached the maximum amount permitted* but 1ms Inrarlably lost bts blggflBP stakea, His losses last Thursday ana Friday amounted to 70,000 fmnos. On Saturday he did not play, On Monday be won a trifle, On Monday ho visited tho saloon but only played for abort inter vals, On Tuesday ho won, but Wednesday saw him again compelled to draw from tho Bank. Mies Amelia B, Edwards, tho woJJ* known novelist, has rocoived a Civil List pension for her recent work on Egyptian , arohcoelogy, At Eastbourne preaching on the beaob has beon forbidden, as the diBtnrbanoes of late have beon of the moat fierce nature, Proolftimers of tho Gospel have been thoworad with rotten eggs and dead cuts j. the Mayor has forbidden anyone to MA, any description of religious meeting en Ihe beach or parade, ; The Pelican is rosponslblo for this i~ Great is tho value or a name. Only the othor day Mr, Budyard Kipling wa»«r» unknown author j now he is waking eo rauoli money tUat be is actually in a position to decline a cheque for iJ5Q0 offered bim for a two'column article by a Melbourne news* paper, The subject of the article was a description of the Melbourne Cup Bac» -surely not a very difficult one—and tbo faot that Mr, Kipling declined the easy task only shows what a position he has attalne d within a comparatively short period, Now, if he bad been Mr. Smith or Mr, JoneB, or any other ordinary Journalist, be would probably bave been ottered and paid M for the job, Nothing in these days paya better than a short smiling' shudder' story, lira. Biddell has written twenty«eighr uovels and yet her authorship never exceed ed 4270, a year, It ia believed obe will bo given a Civil List penBion. A gentleman now in England hae rooelv. ed an oifer from a London publisher to . write a small book regarding an emigrant's chances of success in West Australia, The first teu chapters are writen, and the first chapter entitled ' Who should go P' begins as follows j 'After a long residence in West cm Australia, I have juat re- visited Eng* land. The number of enquiries I have had from persons, cither intending to emigiute themselves or to send out relativea, baa em* ( boldened mo to write a few chanters on the country itself j tho most profitable businesa* ea to engage iu j the amount of capital they require to carry thorn on fniecessfully, ana the beat meaiia to acquire the neces sary experience iu the colony,' etc,, eto, The littlo book when published will bo of the greatest benefit; to intending eitil* grants, an there is scarcely any news to be got of the Australian Cinderella. A lady from Westorn Australia has undertaken tho correction of tho little bouk, bo I wish it every eucoe-Qfi, In Austria a Matrimonial Club haa been instituted. The members of the Olul', all good men and true and also ncn, u&vg; till pledged thenifselvpa to marry a poor girl each. In cane, howovor, thn members find tho atteution of portionleBB girlu and widows too overpowering, they lmvo pro vided thomaelvfifi of cacapo j for should they fall in lovo with a girl blessed with inouey, they way redeem their oath on payment of $400, A further feature of the Club is to provide deserving but im pecunious couples who, after long engage ments, have still uo proopeot of sotting up house, with a Btut in life. America, ever to tho fore in new-fangled notions, has started a new way fur women proposing in leap year, such as tho present year ifl. It is to present the gpntlemivn of their choice with a scarf pin representing an intei rogation point (thus P) in Kouiau gol l set with diamonds and turquoise. The following curious udvyrtieoinents have recently appeared in London pajwro t — Will any Youag Men who are diijtmtiafliid with the position of their box iu tho works of modem artists, coniimmicatc with Ad vertiser. It ia desired to form a Loaguo, labouiiug to remedy the very injurious in fluence of modern art on tho oox. Of tho purely inept advertisement tho following is a pleuaing oxaiuplo t 'Tndv lincim/ fln.ni or Two Litfcln Hova with Ringworm wishes to meet with one or two otherB to share their educational advant ages.' ' Two Sisters, returning to Tasmania, do* Bire very gratefully to thank the oeveral Members of tho City and Metropolitan Police ForcoB, from whom thoy received moat courteous attention, both with rogard to guidance and in the recovery of articles lost.' If theso TaBmaniaa ladies wero fcoublosome and lost a great variety of their belongings during their atay iu Lon don, they would, perhaps, havo done better to contribute tho cost of tho advertisement to one of the police benevoleut funds, The coming Chicago's World Show is al ready uttraoting much attention in Lou don, Pans, Berliu and other cities of Europe. £ went to a lecture on ' Ohioago and the Forthcoming Columbian Exposition' at the Folytuohnlc. (Ct is nearly a quarter of a century since I was in that building lint* oning to Professor Popper on Ghosts—he is now Professional Ilain maker ia Queens* land,) The hall was crowded, numbers of persons being unable to obtain admission. In the course of bis leoturo, wbioh was illustrated by some exoollont photographic slides, Mr, Drodge pointed out some of the ? most conapicious characteristics of Chicago, which, with its population of 1,200,900, has made such aetonisbing progress during the* past 60 years, and which includes, among the big things for whioh the town U fam ous, a street 18 miles in length, with build ings twenty storeys high, in addition to its magnificent wbarves, faotoiies, parka, ana puouo ouuaings, wr, urpuge afterwards gave eomo stitiBtioa as to tho Exhibition itself in Jaoksoa Park, and drew attention to vIswb representing the various departments, the urea of whoso roofing alone is estimated to cover 160 aoros —equal in size to the combined area of the St, James's and Green Parks in London, The leoturer gave a detailed sketoh of tho scheme and soope, organization, and ar rangement of the great American Expoii. tion wbiob will mark the olose of tbo oentury and trusted that a large number would avail themselves of tbn excursions whioh are to bo nn.rriod out in connection with the World's Fair next year, under the, auspices of tho Polyteohnio, of which Mr, Quinton Hogg is the president, Sir P. Cunliffe-Owen dur ing the evening assured the meeting that English visitors would bo reoeived with thu greatest hospitality at Ohioago, and said that past experience of America left him aothing -to oritlolse but everything to admire, He trusted that this spirit would generally animate those who proceeded to the United States next year, and if bo they would return greatly instructed and interested by their vUit, After ? the leoturo wan over I was invited to annnan nfc TfrttsnanOlskiS Ctllfl HeWOSt HM grandest restaurant in England), with a party of Americans— journalists, artists, and members of other professions. They ? were all more or less interested in tho coming Show. From what I can gather Australia lias as yefc done nothing towards securing spaoe, Thin it a great pity, for m my artioles of consumption at procent im ported into Knglmd from the Australian colonies are worthy of being shown any where, The wool from the ArgentinoiB fotohing a slightly higher prloo now ttian tbo Australian, and American produce is selliug iu advttiioo of colonial. 