CAN NON-CATHOLICS BE SAVED ? Cub. little catechism, in answer to the query, "Must all belong to the true Church ?" says " Yes ! and no one can be saved out of it." The exclusiveness con ve*ed by thiB response will not be quite so'apparent when the teaching of the Church on the point is closely considered. Although the doctrine of " exclusive salvation," as it is called, furnishes our Protestant friends with what they believe to be a most telling argument in favor of the charge of intolerance, yet it will be seen that the dogma, so tersely expressed above, is subject to many merciful modificatians. Imprimis, let us quote the authorised words of Holy Church upon the general question. The Encyclical, Quanto Con ficiamur (Aug. 17, 1863) of Pius IX. says, inter alia" But the Catholic dogma ib well known, namely, that no one can be saved out of the Catholic Church, and that those men who are contumacious against the authority and definitions of the Bame Church . . . cannot obtain eternal salvation." Again, in the same document, the successor of St. Peter explicitly remarks:—" It iB known indeed to ub and to you that those who labor under invincible ignorance concerning our most holy religion and who lead a virtuous and correct life, sedulously keeping the natural law and its precepts engraven by God on the hearts of all, and prepared to obey God —these men are able, through the opera tion of Divine light and grace, to obtain eternal life." In a previous declaration the same good Pope teacheB" It is certain as a matter of doctrine that the man who is really in invincible ignorance will not be punished for disbelief, and may obtain eternal salvation. . . . Nor can any one on earth mark out the limits of such ignorance. God forbid that we should dare to limit the Divine mercy, which is infinite." Though the Church admits much in favor of those who are in invincible ignorance, it should be carefully remem bered that she combatB the fatal and impious opinion that in every religion can be found the way to eternal salvation, and yet " the dogmas of the Catholic faith are in no respect opposed to the Divine mercy and justice." (Alloc. Dec. 9, 1854) Having stated the express teaching of the Church, we are enabled to educe three conditions for the possible salvation of non-Catholics : — 1. Invincible igno rance of Catholic truth. 2. The sedulous (or constantly) careful observance of the natural law.* 3. That they be prepared to embrace the truth, bo soon as they have the means of knowing it. By "invincible ignorance" is meant inculp able or blameless ignorance — ignorance which a man has not had the means of overcoming. Such would exist, for in stance, in the case of one born and reared amidst Protestant traditions, and who has never seriously doubted the falsity of the Catholic Church, nor ever honestly doubted the safety of Mb own position. If, however, the ignorantia be such that it might have, but had not, been over come, it could not be said to be invincible. If a person, though a Pro testant, have misgivings about his own belief and silence them, or, if he lull his conscience to tleep, the question as to his being blamelessly ignorant is a doubtful one. The adherents of .the English, Russian, or Greek Churches, living religious and conscientious lives are in a state of "invincible ignorance." Dr. Newman quotes Buaembaum to this effect; «' When persons who have been brought up in heresy and persuaded from their childhood that we are the enemies of God's Words, are idolators, pestilent deceivers, and therefore as pests to be avoided, they cannot, while thu perauasion lasts, hear us with a safe oonscience, and they labor under invin cible ignorance, inasmuch as they doubt not that they are in a good way.' There many Pr oteBfcauts, too, who though outside the Church may be yet said to belong to the troe Fold. According to Gaume's " Catechism of Perseverance," a person belongs to the soul of the Church who is baptised and in the state of graoe, but by good faith or iuvinoible ignorance, is excused before God for being in a society foreign to the Church. Being in good faith has been defined as blamelessly ignorant of the just claims of the Catholic religion to be the only true religion." The exercise of true charity, accompanied by a desire to know the will of God, and the faithful practice of all the duties that he knows, render salvation attainable to a person so circumstanced. Further, Pro testant children who are baptised and have not yet reached the age of reason, belong really to the Catholic Church, inasmuch as they are (like baptised Pro testant adults who lead virtuous lives) united to its soul by supernatural Faith, Hope, and Charity. The Church also teaches that others than non- Catholic Christians may be saved, Thus, Jews, Mahommedans, and Pagans may, by the grace of God, attain salvation. Cardinal Manning emphatically declares "The operations of the Holy Spirit have been from the beginning of the world co extensive with the whole human race." If a Jew, Mahommedan, or Pagan be lost, it was not because he was in ignorance of revealed truth, but because he did not observe with fidelity that natural law which is implanted in the human heart. The due observance of the natural law and the preparedness to embrace the truth when opportunity offers must go hand in hand with invincible ignorance. N o one can be Baved by invincible ignorance alone. Such ignorance merely excuses want of knowledge of the revealed truth. Sin Bhould be avoided and the secret intimations of truth, vouchsafed by God, not discarded. The phrase, " Natural Law," is used in these notes in the Bense of the moral law, or the instinct which enables the majority of mankind to dis tinguish primarily between right and wrong. Natural Law may be divided into two branches—a, as interpreted by the Church, or b, as cognized by reason. As regards those outside the Ohurch, the latter only is applicable. Tbe observance of thiB law iB common to all civilised con ditions of society, so it need not be dis cussed. The third condition presents more difficulty. If the inspirations of the Holy Ghost be resisted; if the invincibly ignorant non-Catholic Christian desires not to know God better, or prefer his own will to what he knows or might know to be God's will, he cannot be Baid to be preparing himself to embrace the truth. Again, there might be the case of a Protestant who would, to some extent, realise that the Catholic religion was the true one, but, through fear of worldly consequences, would hesitate. This would show an utter want of faith, and the position of such a person would be dangerous as to his eternal salvation. Where the line may be drawn in these cases is known only to the Almighty. The doctrine of invincible ignorance may be summed up in a word. It is possible to belong to the soul of tbe true Church without belonging to the visible body. In one sense only does the Church maintain the saying, " out of the Church, no salvation," namely, whosoever is knowingly and wilfully out of the true Church cannot be saved. It should not, however, be too hastily inferred that invincible ignorance is all sufficient, that moBt Protestants are on the high road to heaven, " clothed in the mantle of invincible ignorance," or that we are all journeying thither, but by different roads. A careful perusal of these notes cannot lead to Buch con clusions. [Authorities: — "Anglican Difficulties" (Newman), "Lectures on the Church" (Wiseman), The Clifton Tracts, "Catholio Belief" (Bruno), "Discourses to Mixed Congregations " (Newman), Articles in the Catholic World (1889), Various Articles in Dublin Review (1875, 1876. 1886), "Catechism of Perseverance" (G-aume), " Catholic Christian Instructed," " Catholic Dictionary," Authorised Translations of the Encyclicals and Allocutions quoted.] J. H. Eahii.lt, in " Austral Light." 