CURRENT TOPICS. TiHE Premier (hon. P. O. Fyeh) left for Hobart by express train on Saturday, and will be in attendance at his office this morning. The hon. gentleman had an interview with Mr G. T. Collins with reference to hospital matters on Saturday morning, and subsequently inspected the gaol and Invalid Depot. Dinner was being served at the depot when the Premier arrived there, and he expressed himself pleased with the condition of the food that was being sul.plied, and thoroughly satis fied with the institution gensrally, especially the newly-erected ward for 'reatment of earser cases. The superin tendent brought some very much needed improvements in the existin system of drainage under the Minister's notice, and received instructions to have the necessary plans and estimates prepared. Tnis evening the Lyons Tourist Party commence a season at the Bijou Hall, St. John-street, and judging from the attrac tive programme offered, a crowded audience should greet the rising of the curtain. The list of performers includes Messrs J. S. Parlatto, Gus. Lynch, D. Smith, Misses Jessie Leon, A. Lyons, the Cameron sisters, and Mips Annette Wilhelm. The majority of these have already won the good opinion of the Launceston play-going public, while the newcomers are, from all accounts, likely to quickly instal themeelves as popular favourites. Mr Harry Lyons, who manages the company, has for years past at intervals catered for the amusement seekers of this city, and has invaribhly caterpd well. The purtain will rise this evening upon a comedietta, after which the feature of the programme, a burlesque entitled "The Isle of Beauty," will be presented. This production is stated to embrace plenty of sparkling dialogue and attractive music, the latest rages "Ta-ra ra-boom-der-ay" and the "Clic-clack" chorus being included. AT the Church of the Apostles yesterday the Very 11ev. Dean Beechinor, who v occupied the pulpit at the 11 o'clock ser- p vice, spoke at length on the Easter collec tion and the monthly collection in aid of the t building fund. He pointed out that the p manager of the National lBank of Tasmania Limited had met him liberally in advances c in aid of the fund, and that they were pay ing the bank fairly well. It was necessary, t however, to make some movement in order to replace the present mseie of collecting the money in order to pay the banking institution more expeditiously. The monthly collection had proved totally in adequate, and after muture consideration they bad determined to divide the city into wards and appoint collectors for each, so that members of the congregation would ie called on weekly to enable them to cou tribute a small amount to the fund. He was prepared to enter into any new work, but he thought the present overdraft should be paid before they went into any further expense. The ecclesiastical autho rities were anxious to keep pace with the times in making every improvement to their buildings, and he believed the people were in sympathy with them. OUG Zeehan correspondent writes:-A high- class concert was given a few nights ago as a compliment to the retiring band master, Mr Caddie, to whose exertions in a great measure the proficiency attained by the performers is greatly due. Miss Flem ing and another lady, whose name does not occur to me just now, contributed a few delightful ballads. Meesars Dunning, Marsh, Johnson, Grayson, .and Sligo lent "yeoman service " to the affair. Mr Harry Moore, accompanist,. although handicapped with a poor inustrument, showed lie was a master pianist. C. E. Westbrook, violinist, is a credit to his tutor, Mr Larkin, of Lauuceston, and will be heard more of yet. His "Auld Robin Gray" is hard to hbeat. The band is col lected from all colonies, principally New Zealand, and each is a master of his own instrument. It is said that the crack picolo player of Tasmania is a member of the band. A REPRESENTATIVE Of the Examniner, while conversing with the Premier (hon. P. O. Fish) on Friday evening, asked his opinion of the sewerage works and sewer age farm of Adelaide. The Premier de scribed the city as the sweetest and cleanest one he had ever stood in, the sewage works being most satisfactory. Every house corrected, every domicile ventilated from beginning to end; no accumulations or gases, fermentation being impossible. The outflow is two or three miles from Adelaide, and is inoffen sire, even the place where the separatitn of the solid from the liquid matter t kes plane not having any disturbing influences, everything being clean. The sewage is freely utilised for pasturage lauds, etc ; and, when not wanted, filtered over filter beds, and so finds its way into the river so pure that, in appearance, it is drinkable, and certainly inoffensive in every respect. rt he system is gravitation, and does not in volve any great difficulty. The sewers are ventilated by drain pipes, which may be seen fastened to the side of the trees in the par k which surrounds the city. These worke have been carried out at a cost of something under half a million. The farm was purchased at too high a price per aore for it to pay, but of the purity of the whole system there is ample evidence. The drainage system of Adelaide is limited to domestic setage ; the rainfall, of course, is separate from it. f DucllN recent years the American organs have been wonderfully improved in out s ward design as well as in volume and e sweetness of tone. ir A. Munnew, of the ) Apollo House, George-street, is agent for Packard's, Fort Wayne, Indiana, U.S.A., cottage and parlour organs, which attained a special first award at the late Tasmanian f Exhibition. The parlour organ is a fine a instrument of a full, rich tone, which gives out a deep body of delicious melody. It is very suitable for a large room, hall, or even a ehurch. The cottage organ is smaller, not so elaborately finished or as t ornamental, but the music which may be I obtained from it is charmingly sweet and even flute-like. In a moderate sized room the richness of the notes are particularly Y noticeable, and as it is sold at a 0 reasonable figure it shoull become very popular. A variety of both these instru ments may be inspected at the Apollo nMusic Warehouse. REv. W. SRAw occupied the pulpit at Patterson-street Wesleyan Church both e morning and evening yesterday. There 1\. were large congregations; and being Whit n Sunday the services had special reference to Pentecost. The morning text v..a Acts ii., 32, 33, and on this passage the pr. acher o founded an orthodox discourse on the , doctrine of the Divine personality and n power of the Holy Spirit. In so doing Mr Shaw sketched the great scene on the day d of Pentecost; illustrated the folly of answers usually obtained from a promis cuous crowd, showed how individual .e opinions changed; and urged home the I- inquiry, why was the promised gift of the e Spirit not more largely realised? The purity and peace of the early church trans formed the Roman Empire, and the evan it gelical reformation of the 18th century in t England and America had acoieved untold d good in planting numberless Coisti:n agencies throughout the world. But it had to be admitted that the Ichurch of to-day was disunited, weak, 5- and unable to grapple with the social o ills and difficulties calling for attention. SliHe enjoined upon them not to let the con vention revival of February end in more emotion, and he prayed that the Lord might grant them a great quickening in their h spiritual life, and the full presence of the IIoly Ghost. The sermon at night was \- based on John xiv. 10, and part of 1st John Sii. 1, and the preacher brought out h prominently (1) the rcripture teaching t, hat whilst the Holy Ghost is that promised "other Comforter," Christians had also the Lord their Saviour in heaven comforting them by his intercession; and (2) that if 0 Christians fell into sin, they should remem e her that they hlad an " Advocate, Jesus . Christ the righteous." A large number of Spersons partook of the communion at the close of the service. S A PRoNr ENT characteristic of protection makes itself manifcst in the fact that once a its incidental restrictive measures are .o adopted by any Government, certain d classes of the community concerned are e continuously worrying the "powers that be" by Oliver Twist-like " asking for le more. This phase of the question lhas again made itself apparent in the recent action of the Colac Farmers' Association in Vic toria. It appears that at a meeting of this body the members resolved to present a petition to Parliament, showing that the or depression that has existed in the farming d industry, especially in the southern por; is tions of the colony, during tihe last two or Sthree years, is mainly due to large impor h tations of oats, barley, and root crops from New Zealand and Tasmania. That the Spresent import duty on potatoes is far too g low to protect Victorian growers from the r competition of Now Zealand and Tas If mania. That. with the very heavy yields it of oats and barley obtained in New Zea. Sland, the present duty on grain is not sufficient to enable Yictorian farmers to compete successfully n theirown markets Sagainst Noew Zealand milling oats and d malting barley. They therefore ask for thie impesition of an import duty of not d less thian 25s per ton on potatoes, and not less thlan 4s per ceatal on oats, barley, and maize. Tne St. Joseph's Band, under the con Sductorship of Mr G. Harrison, played throughout the afternoon yesterday in the : City Park. There was a very fair number of appreciative listeners in the park, but a not nearly so many as usually gather any Sunday evening in summer when either of Sthe twolocal bands occupy the kiosk set * apart for them. Besidestho cold weather, Sthe organ recital in the Albert Hall, no e doubt, interfered with the attendance. Msn J. O. PnRcE delivered an address at the Bijou Hall last evening on the subject, o" Are we a sect ? " He spoke at length on the desirableness of taking the Bible as a t guide for Christian teaching, taking for lhis y text John xvii., 20-23. The Bible, he soid, Scleqrly soleotd the plin of nalvatioh, and he ahoped that all his hearers would make an e ondeavour to bring about a union of God's e people. o MIn G. T. IasTARna, accountant and d bankruptcy trustee, has removed from the Soffiic lately occupied by him in St. John street to more commodious shambers in Barclay's BDildings, Quadrant. Mit S. J. SUrToN, ?.I.A., who is on a visit to the Queensland capital, has ex pressed himself (says the Brisbane T'ele graph) well pleased with what he saw of the city, the streets, tram cars, and other public conveniences comparing very favourably with those of most of the capitals of Australasia. ON Tuesday next the June sittings of the Court of Requests in its £410 jurisdic tion will be held at the Court House, Patterson-street. The following is the cause list:-A.A. Guano Company v. Duncan Cameron, goods sold, 43 9s 3d; Mr W. A. B. Birchall for plaintiff company, Martin and Hobkirk for defendant. Thomas Bird.v. James Ah Sing, goods sold, £2 4s; Clarke and Croft for plaintiff, Douglas and Collins for defendant. Thomas Cunning ham v. Henry Taylor, rent, work, and labour, 41 ; Mr Tyson for plaintiff, Clarke and Croft for defendant. William F. Wathen v. Robert Cinnamon, rent due, £2 Os 8d; plaintiff in person, Douglas and Collins for defendant. IN our issue of Saturday we published a cablog.am announcing the opening of the Queensland Meat Export Company's works near Townsville. An exchange says:-tshe design and equipment of the works are said to be calculated to ensure the best possible results, all the machinery and appliances being the latest and most efficient obtainable, while, as foremen having sound, practical experience will conduct operations, everything is in favour of complete success. Stock, too, inm the surrounding districts were never in better condition than now, and they have already been booked in numbers sufficient to keep the works in full swing for nearly twelve months to come. A cargo will be des patched for London about the end of June, and will be followed by regular monthly shipments for the same market, where it will probably not be long before the exports of this company command a lead ing place. A'r the City Police C surtlyesterday morn ing, before Messrs G. WV. Waterholuse, 'P.., and E. L. I)itoham, J.L. John Bishop pleaded guilty to a charge of being idle and disorderly, and was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment.-The adjourned charge of assau!ting a constable in the execution of his duty| laid against George William Barber, licensee of the International Hotel, Brisbane-street, was then proceeded with. Two witnesses were called for the defence; and the, bench decided that defendant had been guilty of an assault, though, apart from being committed upon a constabli executing his duty, not of a serious nature. T'he bench imposed a fine of £2. Mr It. J. Clarke (Messrs Clarke and Croft) who, as on ci e previous day, appeared for defen d.nt, gave notice of appeal to the Supreme Court against this decision. Ma ALFslD I)EKAIr, one of the counsel entrusted with the defence of Deeming in Mel, ourne, before he entered political life was (says the Birmingham Daily Argus) a leader-writer on a paper that, to put it mildly, had a reputation for not being en thusiastically devoted to the championship of truth. A humourist, meeting the pro prietor of this paper one day, enquired, " Don't you think you ought to have some thing higher than a deacon in your office ? It seems to me you want a bishop on your staff." "A bisho~ I Why so?" "Because, you know, your statements are so sadlyin need of confirmation. Tre -Commandant, Colronel Warner, i accompanied by the Commander of Bat. teries, Captain Parker, R.N., is expected to arrive to-day for the purpose of inspecting the Launceston Artillery. A parade of the battery will be held at the drill yard at 7 30 p.m., and as attendance is necessary in order to be reckoned "an efficient" the commanding officer trusts to see every I member present. Just now when very little interest seems to be taken in defence 3 matters it is refreshing to learn that the members of the Laun:eston Artillery still exhibit that espritf de corps which has always been a feature in the battery, and are about to celebrate the thirty-second a anniversary of the formation of the corps a by holding a ball in the Masonic Hall on I the 17th inst. To-day is the actual " birth i day" of the corps, for its service dates from June 0, 1860, and all ranks take a a pride in doing honour to the event. There y are still serving with the Artillery mem bers whose service reckons from the date o of formation, and others from 1863 and 1868\. We should be pleased to hear that t these veterans in the volunteer service are likely to receive some recognition for long service-say a medal for 21 years-it would be encouragement for the juniors to e stick to their colours and try to emulate the work of their seniors. r NEARLY thirty members of Horton Col e lege Council availed themselves of the 1 invitation of the president and head r master, the Rev. J.1 de Q. Robin, M.A., and y visited Ross on Wednesday last. A very f sumptuous repast was provided for the u- visitors in the large college dining- room, after doing justice to which the council e settled itself to work. The finances and e general prospects of the college having e been considemed very carefully it was de cided by a very hearty and enthusiastic vote that whilst Hobart and Launceston a possessed many attractions which might d well lead to the establishment of such an n institution in either place, in connection it with the Methodist Church, no sufficient e reason had been advanced for the removal r, of the college from Ross. The splendid I and capacious buildings, free of debt, and i. the many other attractions in the shape of good bathing, shooting, and sports of every e innocent kind-away altogether from the t 'temptations of city or town-ought, in r the judgment of all the members of the e couneil;.to:draw to Horton College a greater number of boarders than would be possible Sif the college were situated in the midst of a large centro of population. Several g alterations were determined upon with a d view of making the college increasingly Suseful and attractive to paronts of possible g boarders residing in all parts of Austral. f asia and Tasmania, and an earnest hope \- was cherished that the splendid record of the college during the past thirty-five Syears might continue with undiminished Slustre for many future years. An unanIm. ous vote of confidence in the present o head master, the Rev. J. de Q. Robin, M. a., was passed, after which tea was partaken e of, and then the visitors were driven to the railway station in time to catch both the Hobart and Launceston evening trains. SAmong the members of the counhdil preent, in addition to the three chairmen of districts and other ministers, were SEbenezer Shoobridge, Esq., one of the oldest friends of the college, Mr Fox, for more than twenty-five years its head master, and' G. W. Wateorhoqse, Esq., SPolice 3a?eistrato of Iaunceston, one of the moat brilliant of Tasmanian scholars, who was for manny years a student and r prizeman of Horton College. Oun Latrobe correspondent writes on Saturday :-A four-roomed unoccupied 0 cottage situated at New Town, Latrobe, was destroyedl by fire at 5630 a.m. this morn ing. The tenement belonged to Mr George Bryan, of thie Nook, and was'equred in the South British Insusrace Office for the sum of 497i. The origin of the fire is unklnown. Aa' the Albert Hall yesterday afternoon Mr W. W.Thornthlwaite, the city organist, Sgave the first of a series of organ recitals to be held on Sunday afternoons. [here Swas a very good attendance, all the seats Sin the front and body of the hall 2 being occupied. The selections given by Mr Thornthwaite represented Hadyn, Beethoven, and Mendelssohn among classical composers, and S. Clarke, Tippoli, Hopkins, and the performer among mem bers of the modern school of musical com. position. The several items of the pro ueramme were as follows:-" Gloria in Exceleis," from Hadyn's Mass in B flat the allegretto passaee of Beethoven's Oth Sonata; Mendelssohn's "War March of Priests" from the opera " Athalie o;" a pre Slude entitled " Pizzicato," by Hopkins; Tippoli" Pastorale," and Clarke's " Flam Sbeau march. In addition to the above Mr Thornthwaite admirably rendered an a andante passage of hIis own composing, Sso arranged that the soft stops of the organ alIue crme into requisition; as well . as an improvisation, which was greatly applauded. The march from "Athalie," 0 over popular among organists, was 'also Swell received by the audience; a most successful recital closing a little after S4p.m. A escIAL prayer meeting is to be held \- at the Y.M.C.A., Brisbane-street, at eight o'clock this evening, when all interested in the association are requested to attend. THE servicos at the Church of Apostles yesterday were largely attended. At 11 o'clock the Rev. John O'Mahony sang a missa cantata, and the choir, under the conductorship of Herr Siebcrt, rendered appropriate music, Mr H. Green singing a solo at the offertory. Dean Beechinorgave a short lecture on the feast of the Sacred Heart, celebrated by the church during the present month. In the evening Father O'Mahony preached. APr'IrCATrONs for the position of secre tary to the Council of Agriculture close to-day. WALen's Literary Iontelligeacer gives some amusing examples of the unconscious humour which schoolboys sometimes infuse into their examination papers. It also contains interesting literary notes and a prccis of the firm's extensive catalogue. The Temperance News (Melbourne) contains a variety of matter of interest to total abstainers. " LONOFORDN NOTES" writes under date Saturday :-Mr John Doolan reports that a snake about three feet long was killed at Illawarra on Thursday last, June 2. What about the cake now, Westbury scribe P THe fifth discourse of the series on the Revelations was delivered last evening at the Launceston Tabernacle by Pastor A. J. Clarke, the subject being "The Church at Ephesus." One of the principal points noticed was that the Lord Jesus Christ observed all things which took place in a church, whether of thought, word, or deed, and commended or condemned accordingly. Love was one of the attributes. 'IhatlHe valued far beyond much service, and that which He most hated was worldliness in the midst of His people. Ar the Court House at noon to-day the sheriff will put up to auotion L. Lows's right, title, and interest In an engine and stone. amuher at Lilydale. TrHE quarterly inspectlon of the Launceston Rifles will take place tomorrow night at eight o'clock, when the corps will be inspecoted by the commandant. EvEsYBODY should know that the best value for cash is obtainable at Marriott Bros., "The Tailors," WVillism.streot, near Terminus Hotel. UesrTAINLY the bess medieone enown is Sanders and Son's Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, in. fnenza-the relief Is instantaneous. In serlous casoa and accldents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, It is the safest remedy-no swolling, no inflamma. tion. .Ise surprising effocts produced In croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of the lungs, swellings, etc.; diarrhesa, dysentory, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In use by hospitals and medical clinics all over the glabe ; patronised by his Majesty the King of Italy; rowned with medal and diplo.aa at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved article, and rojoot all others, %Ce-Wholesale depots for Tasmania, L. Fair t ,orn and Son asud Htton and Laws. ae. tailed by oheomsts and rekoeprse at lS 9d pus 1 ea'ist nf .,trO.ie PIANOFORrTEs, Organs, Brass and stringed losaruments. Time payment, or dlscount for e eab. War.nOH ROTHESM AND Bsns?A?LL. 