Music in the Gardens.— The Head Quarters band, D. D. Division, will perform t - in the Botanical Gardens to-morrow afternoon n l-y. special permission of the Adjutant, ^s. Captain Ki Hutchison. Among other popular music, Corporal W. Haskcw will . ' play a baritone solo, ' The Heart bowed { down.' v A Thunderstorm. — The oppressive ' weather of the last few days has been occa ^ - sionallyniade more tolerable by thunderstorms. J. Yesterday between n and noon the usual *»f electricaldisturbance was accompanied by a r- downpour' that brought the. cutters down \- '- bankers in a few minutes', half an inch of | j rain falling in half an hour. t-'^ A Pi.easant Trip. — Dr. Garde returned K.41- from his six months' trip to Europe by the JO Jumna, on Wednesday 'last, and instead of *VPr delaying in Brisbane for a day, came at -yj once home to Toowoomba. The doctor looks iM indeed jolly, and the assurance that he has (fig had a grand time will be accepted implicitly. j|y It will be seen by advertisement elsewhere H& that Dr. Garde has resumed the practice of Sp his profession. fflk Downs Grammar School.— Mr. Baxen ||| dell has secured Mr. J. G. Haussmann as g|p teacher in succession to Mr. Julius Kascr. §|| who has taken a trip home. Mr. Haussmann, s|l who is a son of the Rev. J. G. Haussmann, of J|| Brisbane, was formerly assistant to Dr. a|| Vance in his school at Castlemaine, Victoria. ||jl He matriculated at' Melbourne University, , then went to Germany and studied three years at the university of Berlin. Digestive Bread.— The people of Too woomba will be right glad to learn that Mr. T, WV AVebb' has started the baking of ' Montgonierie's digestive malt bread.' This it a delicious brown bread, eminently suited for invalids-and those of weak digestive organs. As we' hold that the lamentable state of Queenslanders' teeth is due ? to the exclusive use of white bread, we regard the introduction of a palatable brown bread as a boon of no smajl magnitude. Ventriloquial' Entertainment.— A free open- air entertainment of a most attractive character is advertised for to-night next to the Club Hotel. Mr. J. C. Bryant, as certified by the metropolitan Press, is a ventriloquist of no small ability. ''For half an-hoi'.r. or more (says the Telegraph) the audience were kept in a ripple of laughter, which often expanded into a roar at the numerous witticisms of the figures, spoken by Mr. Bryant, whose ventiiloquism is of a high order.'' Then, Mr. Gtinn came, and then Mr. Bryant again, ' and was even better than on the first occasion.. The audience dispersed having thoroughly enjoyed the proceedings.' The P.M. as a Land Board.— The first trial of a Land Board case by a justice which ' has taken place in Toowoomba was held on Thursday last when, the Police Magistrate determined the compensation to be paid James Ren wick for a piece of land of portion 58, parish of Taylor, required for the opening of 'a road. This matter had been referred by the Land Board to the Toowoomba Petty Sessions under certain clauses of the Lands Act. Mr. Commissioner Warner appeared for the. Crown, and Mr. Renwick was present. Mr. A. A. Gorring, the Crown lands ranger, deposed that the land resumed was worth £1, whilst the fencing necessary under the resumption would cost £2. The Court awarded £$ compensation. . PiTTswoRTii Bachelors' Bali..— The concert and ball given by the bachelors of PiUs.vorth on the 7th inst. was an immense success. The hall was beautifully decorated with flowers and evergreens. Songs were 1 contributed. by Misses Houston and White, Rev. Mr. Gardner, Messrs. Turpin, Quinlan, and Box. The programme was concluded with a farce entitled the ' Musical Mono maniac,' which fairly took the house by storm. Immediately after the concert, the hall was cleared and dancing was indulged In until morning. Mr. Stewart, of the Grand Hotel, did the catering in a most satisfactory manner. . Among the ladies it would be' unfair .to choose, but those who showed 'to most advantage were, Misses Houston, (2) Misses White, Mahoney, Morri son, Smtth, and Sherman. A word of praise Is due' to thchon. secretary, Mr. J. J. Quin lan, and to Mr. McStay, who worked hard to make it a success. One guinea was given to the hospital, the receipt of which the secretary to the hospital desires to acknowledge with thanks. ? ' AONEW AND THE SERGEANT AT ARMS.— An incident which was not without its un pleasant side occurred in the House last night (says Wednesday's T.elegraph) during the progress of a division, Mr. Agnew, the member for Niiridah, and the Sergeantat Arms being the principal actors.. The division bell had been rung, and the chair man gave the word to the Sergeant-at-Arms to 'lock the bars.' Just as he was lowering the bar Mr. Agriew,' who had been in his' S ' seat.aU the evening except for a minute or I two previous to the division, attempted to I get inside, ' when he was seized by the I sergeant, and with more force than polite I ness-pushed about, his body being knocked j . violently against the partition. Nothing was ! . said about the matter until just previous to S the adjournment, when Mr. Annear called I the Sneaker's attention to the occurrence, and [ asked - if_ the Sergeant-at-Arms had the I power to 'seize a. member of the House in the 9 way that he had caught-hoM of Mr. Agnew. 1 He plainly hinted that if he had been I treated as Mr. Agnew had been he would not have taken it so quietly. The Speaker said that he felt some hesitation in replying to the question as it had been put ;' but he could say with regard to the mles and practice of the House that the duty of the 'sergeant was to do what he was told to do. If .he was told to close the bar, it was his duty to do so, but he (the Speaker) was not aware of , any rule or practice which justified the sergeant placing his hands upon any member unless by instruction. The subject then dropped, and the House ad ? journed. ,r Back' From the Old World. — On Thursday evening last Sir. W. II. Groom, M.L.A., returned from his European trip by the 9,40 train. A goodly crowd of spectators —what matter that they were of various hues, nationalities, and sexes, so long as they totted up a good round number— assembled on the platform ostensibly for the purpose of show ing our worthy senior that though absent, he had not been forgotten. The suggestion of spontaneity, however, was somewhat dis counted by the presence of the^ head quarters band and the impromptu1 con w cert provided by that body, which, though it may never have been intended to be ? so,\was certainly responsible for a fair pro portion of the crowd. With admirable taste the band struck up the inspiriting and appro ' .priate air of '.Home, Sweet Home ' as the \---.'- train backed into the^latform, and though the vocal accompaniments of a few of the more' enthusiastic on the train could not be s - .said1, to have enhanced the beauty of the' ^strain to any great extent, still the good in tention was unmistakeable. Cheers greeted the. landing of the respected voyager,, and ? the Mayor, together with a few of the busi ness men of the town, flocked towards the' carriagejloor and extended to him the hand of. welcome. Mr. Groom addressed- a few words to the assembled populace, assuring them that the object for \ - which his trip had been undertaken had been attained, that he had thoroughly recuperated his health, and that the cx . pcricnec which he had gained during his sojourn in the old country would be used in bettering the interests of the constituency he represented in Parliament. Then a wild scramble for Kadoks and luggage and things ensued, and the senior member for Too i woomba disappeared in a cab and all was ' overt Brodic and Co. sell to- day, at II, furni .3 tuve, and at II. 30 produce of every descrip 'I tion, &c.; Railway Employees' Festivities.— A most enjoyable evening's nntertainment was given by the members of the Railway Em ployees' Association in the School of Arts on Wednesday evening last. The programme consisted of three portions, a concert, social, and ball, any one of which would have been sufficient to have slaked the ordinary reveller's appetite for fun, but the civil servants, and 'their friends, who probably contracted an attack of the abundant good humour that marked the efforts of. their entertainers, got through the entire bill of fare, and looked none the -worse for it either. Several of our best local amateurs rendered praiseworthy assistance, with some of their lappiest songs, and were gracefully thanked in a neat little speech by the secretary of the Association, Mr. W. R. Trenowith. Follow ing is the programme : Instrumental duet, ' The Corricole,' the Misses Sloman and Davis; comic song, 'How did you lose' your arm ?' Mr. E. J. : . Godsall ; : song, 'Five o'clock in the morning.' Miss Haydock; recitation, ' In the signal box,' Miss Anderson; pianoforte solo, 'Dance Napolitaine,' Miss Thompson ; comic song; ' Where did you get that hat ?' Mr. A; B. Marlay ; comic song, 'When Katie learned to play,' Mr. A. Grattan ; song, ' Rock me to sleep mother,' Mr. T. Padget; instru mental duet, 'The shepherd's evening song,' the Misses Davis; duet. 'Very improper indec ',' Miss Wedd and Mr. Turner; comic song, 'Makes you feel uneasy, doesn't it,' Mr. A. B. Marlay; song, 'A boy's best friend is his mother,' Mr. T. Johnstone ; comic song, ' They're after me,' Mr. E. J. Godsall ; song, ' The Goodwin Sand*,' Mr. Gould; recitation, '? The fireman's wed ding,' Mr. J. Orr; comic song, 'Pity to waste it,' Mr. A. Grattan. The evening, strictly speaking was an eminently social one all through, but to come within the American phijosopher's' definition of a sociaj shivoo— 'giggle, gabble, gobble, — git' — viands were necessary, and the duty of supplying these was entrusted to Messrs. Palethorpe and Sumpter, with perfectly satisfactory results ; in fact the promoters were not satisfied with feeling satisfied, but expressed themselves thus in warm terms. -Then the dancing began. About 100 couples occupied the floor, and although the warmth of the evening was such as to render ' tripping the light etc. toe' anything but a refreshing pastime, they didn't seem to mind a bit, but ended up at 3 a.m. as fresh as the symbolic daisies. This is the spirit in which to associate, and we arc sure if more attention were devoted by kindred bodies to the drowning of dull care instead of to the spreading of dissatisfaction and the con juring up of imaginary ills, much more hap piness and many more associations would be the result. Divine services will be conducted in St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, Neil-street, by the Rev. Jas. Crookston, morning and evening, at the usual hours. Subjects :— Morning: ' A greater than Solomon is here ' Evening: Herod Antipas and the Ghost of John the Baptist. T. G. Robinson and Co. sell to-day, at 11, horses, milkers, other cattle, store pigs, pro duce, &c.; T. G. Robinson and Co. sell on Thursday next, furniture, being insolvent stock from Brisbane. R. Sinclair and Co. sell, on 26th October, freehold properties in insolvent Estate of Joseph Peters. 