THE REV. G. 0. GRUIJB AND HIS MISSION. (Bv A LtSTKXKB.) Tito fact that between three and tour thousand people have assembled in the Cen tennial-hall nearly every night this week to hear a Church of England "missioner" preach orthodox Gospel sermons is a puzzle to many. And no wonder. They arc in the condition of a friend of mine who, as we left one of these gatherings, asked, What is it that makes that man draw':" "Why shouldn't lie draw, as you put it," I replied. " Well, for the simple reason that I see nothing extraordinary about hint. He has a fino presence and a splendid voice : be is also a good preaahcr, but I have heard scores of better preachers -who find it difficult to half fill a small church. He is not even sen sational in his remarks, nor docs he ape the gymnast on the platform. Why should people rush to hear him by thousands I have put the same question to several of those who have taken every opportunity of bearing Mr. Grubb. but their replies have not been very clear. " Well, he lias a good grasp of Gospel truth," said one, "and a very eii'eelivc way of putting it." So indeed have many preachers. That does not j account foi tile " drawing." Most of the j replies, however, included a statement to the j effect that- " Mr. Grubb is a man filled with the Holy Ghost, and it is by His power that so niueii good has been done." That to an orthodox Christian is conclusive ; to those who have not penetrated into the mysteries of the inner life of Chris tianity as expounded by men whose duty it is to teach it will lie somewhat inexplicable. Vet there is 110 doubt that to a large extent that is the real explanation. Mr. Grubb is permeated with the Spirit of his Master. He sees in Josns Christ the " very God." lie believes in God and iu God's Word without a shadow of a doubt. Ho believes that what God lias said in the Bible is absolutely true, and therefore it is tiie bounden duty of every man to accept and act upon it without questioning. This is faith. It is faith as Mr. Grubb defined it in his sermon in the Centennial-hall last night— one of the clearest-Gospel deliverances t hat I have heard formally years. Every man who tries to teach a fellow creature the " way of sal vation " makes an at tempt to define faith, and it is not too much to say that some of the definitions are much more difficult to under stand than faith itself. Iucxperiencd men will get lip and tell an audience to "believe and you will be saved," anil when they are asked the rather awkward question," What do you mean by be. Iicving they generally enter upon an expla. nation which completely mystifies the seeker after truth. Mr. Grubb, however, was care ful to avoid any puzzling definition. " Yon came to this hall to-night because you read the announcement thatl was going to preach. You believed it anil you are here. That is faith. It is very simple. Faith is rclianco on the word and the character of God." There are those of course who will say that that is blind faith— and that it would com pletely shut up the reasoning faculties of a man's nature. But with Mr. Grubb that is the faith which saves, and to him salvation is pre-eminently .the object of life. If you wanteu to argue wnetner tlierc 13 a God or whether the Bible is the Word of God, lie would probably tell you that to him these are not debateable questions, and that bo fore you can hope to bo saved you must accept these two eternal truths. It is evident, of course, that for a man to wield an iuuuencc over thousands of people so as to lead them to accept implicitly what he says as the truth he must be a thorough be liever in what lie tcp.ehcs. There inay be an outward sembluuco of sincerity without the sincerity itself ; but a mission preacher of that kind sooner or later fails in his work. Mr. Grubb is not likely to do that. He is not only sincere, but lie is intense, and, what is more, he is "desperate." That is his own description of himself, given more than once this week. As you watch him in some of his more "desperate" mo ments, you can imagine him literally "pluck ing brands from the burning," saving them from that eternal death which I10 proclaims as tho doom of those who reject Christ. witost ttv 1'tutvniil Oil MIC I ass- over— the event recorded in the Book of Exodus when the first born of the Egyptians were destroyed, while those of Israel were saved. The text was, " When I see the blood I will pass over you." This is a favorite passage of .Scripture with most preachers, though it is not ahvay acceptable to. hearers, somo of whom sharply protest against so much "blood" being introduced into a ser. 111011\. It" there were auy of that class present in the halt last night they must have had their sensitive nerves rudely shocked, llr, Grubb believes as an eternal truth that " without the blood there is no salvation." He has no more doubt about this than lie lias that a man can be " cleansed " from all sin and from tho very power of siu in a moment. In say ing that last night ho added, " Some Christians in Sydney have been greatly per plexed at such a thing. T'hoy have said, ' Oh, but does Mr. Grubb talk like that ; why that is sinless perfection. Does lie go 113 laras ulvl: » eut Air. unibb goes as far as Scripture goes, and Scripture says, "Purge out the old leaven.' " This doctrine of in stantaneous " cleansing " is much harder for many Christians to believe than it is for other people to believe in "sudden conversions." It is a subject of end less controversy, and it might almost be said that there are two distinct parties iu the Protestant Church— those who believe in this sudden effect and those who adopt tiro gradual growth and persistent control of the tendency to sin. But there is no doubt of Mr. GruLbb teaching ; it is what I is heard so much of at ihe well-known Kos- ! v. ick convention. 'If there is any drunkard i here, he said last night, ' I say to him, 4 Drunken brother, you can get lull deliver- ; ance not un!y irom t:ie drink, but from the ! \er\ desire lur it, it you will only accept the And you can get that deliverance to-night.'" It ib rathor a curious ciroura- afcauee, by tho way, that there have bee drunken men iit nearly all Mr. Grubb's meetings. There was more than one in tro- hall last night. Whether they got tho " deliverance " spoken of I know not, but it is quite likely that they were among the 1000 or 1200 who stood up in tiro " after-meeting ' in testimony that they had received a " blessing." Another interesting fact is that ministers of all the Protestant Churches have been among the most regular of Mr. Grubb s ! hearers. There were more present at last night's meeting than I remember to have seen in Sydney listening to a sermon, ex. cept on tiro notable occasion when Dr Maelureu electrified a crowded congrega tion in the Pitt-street church. And what is more — many of them were diligently taking notes. Mr. Grubb has the faculty of ! making " points." There was one last night that wa3 listened to with unusual attention In a few words lie touched upon what is known as the feeling' diUicuuy Preachers are always combating " I don't feel I am saved " by asserting that feeling has nothing to do with it; salvation is a fact not a feeling. Mr. Grubb illustrated this by imagining himself going into the house of one of the Israelites while j the angel of death was passing over and ! finding the family in great sorrow. On inquiry I he learns that blood has been placed on tho lintel and the two side posts, and that there fore everything has been done to secure sal vation in obedience to tho Divine command. 11 But," said tho head of the house, "we don't feel that we are saved even though we have done this." It is easy to see where tiro application came in. It was a simple illustration, aud its eifeofc was no doubt to clear away fogginess in the minds of some present. This was one among the many " points" that the ministers present eagerly seized for future use. 