THE DAY OF REST, INVITATION TO A WEDDING (By the Bev. T. Be Witt Taemage, D.D.) "Come, for all things are now ready."—St. Lake xiv. 17. Holy festivities to-day. We gather other sheaves into the spiritual garner. Our joy is like the joy of heaven. Spread the banquet, fill all the chalices. We are not*to-day at the funeral of a dead Christ— we are celebrating the marriage of the King's Son. It was an exciting time in English history when Queen Elizabeth visited Lord Leicester at KENILWOETU QASTLE. : The .docks in alkfhe towers and throughout the castle'were stopped at the motnentoi her arrival, so continuing fopolnttothat moment as the one sur passing all others ininterest. The door of the great hauqueting-ball was opened. The Queen inarched In to the sound of the trnmpetg. Fonr hundred servants waited.upon theguests. It was a scene that astonished all nataonB when they heard of it. Five thousand dollars U day did the banquet cost as it went on day after day. She was greeted to the palace gates with floating islands, and torches, and the thunders of cannon, and fireworks that set the night ablaze, and a burst of music that lifted the whole scene into enchantment. Beginning in that way, it went on from joy to joy, and from excitement to excitement, and from rapture to rapture. That was the great banquet that Lord Leicester spread in Kenilworth Castle. But to-day, my brothers and sisters, I invite you to a grander entertainment. My Lord, the King, is the banqueter. Angels of God are the cupbearers, all the redeemed are the guests; the halls of eterna love frescoed with light, and paved with joy, and curtained with unfading beauty are the ba n queting place, the harmonies of eternity are the music, the chaliceB of God are the plate, and I am one of the servants come out with INVITATIONS TO ALL THE PEOPLE, and, oh, that you might break the seal of the Invi tation and read in ink of blood, and with the tremu lous hand of a dying Christ, "Come, for all things are now ready." Sometimes there hare been great disappointments at a banquet. The wine bas (ailed, or the servants have been rebellious, or the lights have gone out; but I walk all around the banqueting table of my Lord to-day and I find everything complete, and I swing open the door of this banqueting house and I say: " All things are now ready." Illustrating my text I go on, and in the first place say that the Lord JeBUs Christ is ready. I have to tell you that our banqueter, the Lord Jesus Christ, comes in at the beginning of the feast. Aye, he has been waiting for his guests, waiting with mangled feet, waiting with band on his punctured side, waiting with hand on the lacerated temples, waiting waiting! Wonder it is that the banqueter did not get weary and say, " Shut the door, and let the laggards stay out." No, he has been waiting. How much he is in earnest! Shall I show you? I gather up all the tears that flooded his cheek in sympathy, all the blood that channelled his brow and back and band and foot to purchase our re demption. I gather up all the groans coming from midnight drill and mountain hunger and desert loneliness, and I put them into one bitter cry—I gather up all the pangs that shot irom cross and spike and spear into one groan—I take one drop of sweat on his brow, and I put it under the glass of the gospel, and it enlarges to lakes of sorrow, to oceans of agony. That Christ to-day, emaciated and wom and weary, comes here, and with a pathos in which every word is a heartbreak and every sentence a martyrdom He says to you and He says to me " Come, for all things are now ready." Ahasnerus made A FEAST THAT LASTED 180 DAYS. This lasts for ever. Lords and princes were invited to that. You and I are invited to this. Yes, He has been waiting, He is waiting now. Other kings wrap themselves in robes of beauty and power before they come into a banquet. So does Christ. Ob, He is the fairest of the fair! In His hand is the omnipotent power. that opened blind eyes and straightened crooked limbs and hoisted the pillars of Heaven, and swung the twelve gates which are twelve pearls. Oh, what a Christ—a Christ of beauty, a Christ of power! There are not enough cnpB on earth to dip up this ocean of beauty. There are not ladders to scale these heights of love. Ob, thou flower of eternity, thy breath is the perfume of heaven! Ob, thon daybreak of the soul, let all nations clap their hands in Thy radiance! Chorus! Come, men and angels and cherubim and seraphim and archangel, all heights, all depths, all immensi ties! Chorus! Boll on throngn the heavens in chariot of universal acclaim, over bridges of hosanna, under arches of coronation, by the towers chiming with eternal chorus! "Onto Him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in His own blood, and made us kings and priests unto God, to Him be glory for ever and ever. Ab! there is one word of five letters that I would like to write; hut I have no sheet fair enough to write it on, and no pencil good enough to inscribe it. Give me a sheet from the heavenly records, andsoifle pencil used by an angel in describing a victory, and then with band struck witb supernatural energy, and with pencil dipped in everlasting morning, I will write it out in capitals of love—J-E-S-tfii— Jeans! It is this OXE THAT IS WAITING FOR YOU. and for me, for we are on the same platform before God. How long He waited for m > I How long He bas waited for you! Waiting as a banqueter waits for his delayed guests, the meats smoking, and the beakers brimming, and the minstrel with his finger on the stiff string ready to strike at the first clash of the hoofs at the gateway. Waiting as a mother waits for a boy that ten years ago went off dragging her bleeding heart after him. Waiting. Oh, can you not give me some comparison intense enough, Importunate enough, high as heaven, deep as hell, and yast as eternity? Not expecting that you can help me with snch a comparison. I simply say He is waiting as only an all-sympathetic Christ knows bow to wait for a wandering soul. Bow the knee and kiss the Son, Come and welcome, sinner come. Bnt I remark, again, not only Christ is waiting, but the Holy Spirit is waiting. Why are some ser mons a dead failure? Why are there songs that do not get their wings under the people ? Why are there prayers that go no higher up than a hunter's halloo ? Because j THERE IS A MISSING LINK that only the Holy Spirit can make. If that spirit should come through this assemblage, there would be a power felt like that when Saul was unhorsed on the road to Damascus, like as when Lydia's heart was opened in her fine store, like as when a,000 souls were lifted out at midnight into mid noon at the Pentecost. Do you notice that some times that spirit takes an insignificant agency to save a soul? I think it is very often that by just one passage of Scripture, just one word of Scripture, a soul is saved because the Holy Spirit gives it supernatural power. Do you know what it was that saved Martin Luther? It wan that one verse, " The just shall live by faith." Do you know what it was that brought Augustine from his horrible dissipations? It was that one verse, "Put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make no provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof." Do youknow what it was that saved Hedley Vicars, the cele brated soldier? It was the one passage, "Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." Do yon know what it was that brought Jonathan Edwards to Christ? It wastbe one passage, " Now unto Him be glory for ever and ever." One thanksgiving morning in Church I read my text, " Oh, give thanks nnto the Lord for He is good," and a young man stood in the gallery and said to himself: "I have never rendered one accept able offering of gratitude to God in all my lite. Here, Lord, I am thine for ever." By that one passage of Scripture he was hronght into the kingdom, and, if I might tell my own experience, I might mention how one Sabbath afternoon I was brought to THE PEACE OP THE GOSPEL by reading of the Syro-Phoenician's cry to Christ where she said: " Even the dogs eat of the crambs that fall from the master's table." Philosophic sermons never saved anybody. Metaphysical sermons never saved anybody. An earnest plea going right ont of the heart blessed of the Holy Ghost, that is what saves, that is what brings people into the Kingdom of Christ. I suppose the world thonght that Thomas Chalmers preached great sermons in his early ministry; bnt Thomas Chalmers says he never preached at all until, years after he had occupied a pulpit, be came out of bis sick room, and, weak and emaciated, be stood and told the story of Christ to the people. And in the great day of eternity it will be found that not so much the eloqnent sermons brought men to Christ as tbe story told, perhaps, by those who were unknown on earth, the simple story of the Saviour's love and mercy, sent by the power of the Holy Ghost straight to the heart. Come, Holy Ghost. Ay, he is here. He fills the place. I tell you the Holy Ghost is ready. Then I go on and tell yon THE CllURCU IS READY. There are tliobe here who say:—"No one cares for iny souL" We do care for iL Ton see a man bow ing bis head in prayer, and yon say:—" That man is indifferent.". The man bows his head in prayer that the trnth may go to every heart. The air is fnll of prayers. They are going np from' this assembly. Hundreds of prayers straight to the throne of a listening God. The air is fnll of prayers —prayers ascending all over this land, going up from praying circles. Yea, there is not a minute of an honr of any day that there are not prayers ascending to the throne of mercy. The Church is ready. And if yon should now start to your Father's house, there would be hundreds and thousands who would say if they knew it:—"Make room for that man, make room for him; give him full right-to all the privileges, of the Church ol, Jesus Christ," I 1—1——nils a r-'— know there are' those who say thd Church Is a mat of hypocrites,'bnt they do notteally think eo.' Ttis a glorious Church. Christ purchased it. Christ built it. Come into it. Come into it. I did not pick out this man or that inUnandsay1;—" Yon may come." I say. all may,come—"whosoever will. " Come with ua and we will do you good. For the Lord hath promised good concerning IsraeL" Do not say you have never been invited. I INVITE YOU HOW . *' I to the King's feast. One and all. AU! Bnt I go further and tell you that the angels are ready. Some people think when we Bpeak about angels we are getting into the region of fancy. Tbey say it is veiy well for a man when he has just entered the ministry to pisacb about the angels of heaven, but after he has gone on further it is hardly worth while. My friends, there is not any more evidence in the Bible that there is a God than that there are angels. Did they not swarm round Jacob's ladder? When Lazarus's soul went up, did they not escort it? Did not David say:—'" The chariots ot Uod are 20,008, even thousands of angels?" Are they not represented as the chief harvesters of the judgment day?. Did not one angel in one night slay 180,000 of Senna cherib's troops ? Ob, yes, our world is incomShuni tiict;u d uvu^is i vU| vtu nuiiu ia tutt>iiiiuuinp cation with two other worlds. All that communi cation is by angels. When a bad man is to die, a man who has despised God and rejected the Gospel, the bad spirits come on sulphurons wings and they lay hold of him and try to push him on the preci pices into the abyss, andtbentbeylittamffawof diabolical exultation. But there is a line of angels, bright and beautiful and loving angels, mighty angels reaching all the way froni earth to heaven, and at times when others gather like them I sup pose the air is full of them. They hover. They mt ah/tnt. Thnv Imlnifi t.ha wxro* aaatticf.{niilltlfv Tliatr about. They help in the war against iniquity. Tbey are ready to rejoice, ready to bear the tidings, and ready to drop the benediction. But I go further and say that YOUR GLORIFIED KINDRED ARE READY. I have not any sympathy with modern Spiritualism. I believe it is born in perdition. When I see tbe ravages it makes with human intellects, when I see the homeB it lias devested, when I see the bad morals that very often follow in its wake, I have no faith in modern Spiri tualism. I think if John Milton and George Whitfield have not anything better to do than to crawl under Rochester tables and rattle the leaves, they had better stay at home in glory. But the Bible distinctly teaches that the glorified in heaven are in sympathy witb our redemption. "There is joy in heaven among the angels of God over one sinner that repentetb," and if tbe angels hear it, do not our departed kindred there hear it! There are those there who toiled for your salvation, and when they bade you good-by in the last hour, and they said " Meet me m heaven," there was hovering over the pillow the awful possibility that you might not meet. But oh, the pathos when that band was thrust out from the cover, and they said good-by. For how long was it good-by'i Now, suppose you pass into the kingdom of God at once. Suppose yon should say " I am done with the sins of this world; fie upon ail these follies. O Christ, I take Thee now, I take Thy service, I re spond to Thy love; Thine am I for ever I" Why, be fore the tear of repentance had dried on your cheek, before your first prayer had closed, the angel stand ing with the message for tby soul would cry upward " He is coming!" All along the line of light the news would go upward till it reached tbe gate, and then it would flash to the house of many mansions, and your kindred before the throne would say " Re joice with me—my prayers are answered. Give me another harp with which to strike the joy. Saved —saved—saved!" Now, my friends, if Christ is ready, and the Holy Ghost is ready, and the Church is ready, and the angels of God are ready, and your glorified kindred ate ready, ARE YOU READY? I press with all the emphasis of my soul the ques tion, "Are you ready?" If you do not get into the King's feast it will be because you do not accept the earnest invitation. Arm stretched out soaked witb blood from elbow to finger- tip, lips quivering in mortal anguish, two eyes beaming everlasting love while he says, "Come, for all things are now ready." At Kenilworth Castle, I told yon. they stopped the clocks when Queen Elizabeth arrived, that tbe hand of time might point to that moment as the mostsigmficantand tiemendous; but if this morn ing the King Bhould enter the castle of your soul, well might you stop all tbe clocks and have tbe flngerof time pointing to this moment as the one most stupendous in till your life. Would that I could come all through these aisles and all through these galleries, not addressing you perfunctorily, but taking you by the hand as a brother takeB a brother by the band, and say to one and all, to each—" Come, come, the door is open, enter now and eit down at the feast." Old man, God has been waiting for thee long years. Wonld that some tear of repentance might trickle down tby wrinkled cheek! Has not Christ done enough in feeding tbee and clothing thee all these years to win from tbee one word ot gratitude? Come, all the young. Christ is the fairest of the fair. Wait not till tby heart gets hard. COME, THE FURTHEST AWAY from Christ. Come, now to-day, and get his pardon and its strength. He knows all tbe story of thy sin. He will wash away tby sin, and he will throw around thee the robe of his pardon. Christ waits for thee. And self-righteous man, feeling thyself all right, having no need of Christ, no need of pardon, no need of help—O self-righteous maul dost though think in those rags thou canBt enter the feast? Thou canst not. God a servant at the gate would tear off tby robe and leave thee naked at the gate. O self righteous man! Come to the feast. Repent of thy sin, take Christ for tby portion. Bay of grace going away. Shadows on the dill reaching further and further over the plain. The banquet has already begun. Christ has entered into that banquet to which you are invited. The guests are taking their places. The servant of the King has his hand on the door of the banqueting room. Now is your time to go in. Now is my time to enter. I must go in. You must go in. The door is just ajar. After awhile it will be for ever sbut. Why will ye waste on trifling cares That life which God's compassion spares ? While in the endless round of thought The one thing needful is forgot. 