Fun and Fancy. A serious case-A doctor without one. Of what ought a kite to be made ?-Of fly paper. What kind of ships are most like scissors? -Cutters. A song heard near a hive: " Bee it ever so humble, there's no place like comb." When a man drinks like a fish it doesn't follow that he is in the swim. The potato is said to be deteriorating, but it made many a mash in its better days. Visitor: " Do you love the piano.?" Lady; " No; I prefer death by electricity." " Oh, you have the paper; please look and see if anyone we know- has been born." Science and art have advanced so fast that a much larger diamond can now be bought for a dollar and a half than for $150. Sn.irgles: " Well, my motto is, ' Live and let live.'" Gassum: "Is it? I thought you intended to be a doctor." " What's the extreme penalty for bigamy?" asked a man of an old judge, who answered: " Two mothers-in-law." Young Iann: " Will you give assent to my marriage with your daughter, sir?" Old manl (firmly) : " No, sir, not a cent." The Misogynist: "Yes, sir, it is woman's mission in life to make fools of men." The I'lPhilcsopler: " What a sinecure she enjoys, bless her." Wife: " Oh, doctor, Benjamin seems to be wandering in his mind " Doctor (who knows Benjamin): "Don't trouble about that, he can't go far." A crotchetty London journal asks " if it is the pink faces of American girls that charm so many foreign admirers ?" No 1 It's the girls' greenbacks. Mistress: "Did you put the coal on the stove, Bridget ?" New importation: "I did, mium, but it will be some time before it gits hot, fur the fire's out." Misress : " Norah, you must always sweep behind tihe doors." New Servant: "Yes'm, I always does. It's the asiest way of getting the durrit out of sight." lie presented a lace collar to the object of his adoration, and in a jocular way said: " Do not let any one else rumlple it, darling." "No, dear, I will take it off." Robinson: " How about that note I hold of yours, Brown ? I've had it so long that whiskers are beginning to grow on it." Brown: "Why don't you get it shaved then ?" A little girl, who was entertaining guests, was advised as to their amusements. Draw ing herself up, she replied, superbly : "iMy dear, I have played with children all my life !" Julia (aged sitx): "We've got a new baby at our house." Clara (aged six) : " What is it-a boy or a girl ?" Julia: " Oh, we don't know yet, we'ie only had it two days." " What a bold thing that Miss Phlurt is I" "I should say. so! Why, she actually spoke to a perfect stranger on the beach to day just as I had got him to notice me." Judge (to police oflicer): "Are you sure, sir, that the prisoner was drunk ?" Officer: " Is it drunk, yer Honor? Shure, if he had shlpoke through the tilliphone the breath ur him wed have made the poles shtagger." Wibble: " I wonder why ministers always wear longtailed coats 2" Wabble: " If you were a country parson with £150 a year salary and a large family, you wouldn't ask such a foolish question as that." Bridget: " Shall I lave the hall lamp burnin', ma'am ?" Mistress: "No. I am pretty sure Mr. Jones won't be home until daylight. He kissed me three times before le left, and gave me £2 for a new winter bonnet." It is said that mice are just as much afraid of women as women are of mice; but as their screaming apparatus is not constructed on the same principle, they are restrained from communicating the intelligence to the people. A man passing through a gateway in the dark ran against a post. "I wish that post was in the lower regions," was his angry re mark. "Better wish it somewhere else," said a bystander, " you might run against it again." Poet's son: "Father, what does 'handi calpped' mean ?" Poet: "It means-aheml -in what connection did you hear it used, my son ?" l'ocet's Son : "In connection with you. Mr. Brownson said you'd never achieve any lasting fame as a poet, because you were handicapped by nature." Maiden aunt: "You display a great deal of agility at tennis, llmy dear. If I had taken such exercise when I was young, I should be a happier woman now." Athletic Neice: "You Ilatter me, aunt, but I suppose you are right; I had two proposals on the grounds yesterday and one to-day." Are IVTE.LIt:sNT JUve.?.--" HIIave you read anything about this case in the papers ?" asked ia lawyer of a juror in an exciting cri sinal case. " No. sir, not a word." "Not a wjrd, and the papers have been full of it !" " No sir, I don't read papers, nor any thing else, for I can't read at all." The juror was Sworn. First Doctor: " You have been spreading the report that I have poisoned several people in this town. I want you to apologise." Scond Doctor: "Certainly. I don't hesi late to say that there are several people in this town whom you have not yet poisoned. Hope you are satislied now." Affable Clerk: "Can I be mistaken? Isn't this the Mrs. Crozier whom I met so pleasantly at Fife Island this summer?" I!is Cusloiuer: "Wihy, yes, I am Mrs. Crozier, and I remember your face, but I thougtht you told me you were engaged in religious pursuits?" Affable clerk: "This is the nun's veiling department, madam." Young Lady (entering book store): "I want a new novel-one of the latest out-but I have forgotten its title." "Here's a 'Mid night Marriage '-just published, and it is laving a large sale." "Was itwritten by a swornan ?"" Yes're." "Have the news plapers dcnounced it as not fit for a young lady to rread?" "Yes'me." " Then it is just the one I want." Einstein (to his partner): "Isancs, you ves oud late lasd nighd, I zee. Dot must stop, Isancs; no more drinkin' dis mont'. You hear me, Isaacs ?" Isaacs: "I don'd drink in pecsiness hours." Einstein: "Dot makle no dliffer. You drink ad nighd, and effery morning your hands tremble so you gan't show a customer any of dose sheap pantls mitoud shakin' do buttons off." A pianist recently spent the evening at the hlouse of a lady. Thie company was agree able, and he stayed somewhat late. As he rose to take his departure, the lady said, "Pray, don't go yet, Mr. Jones, I want you to play something for me." "Oh, you must excuse me to-night, it is very late, and I should disturb the neighbors." "T Never mind the neiglhbors," answered the young lady quickly, " they poisoned our dog yester dayl" Miss Arabella Licyier: "I do not mind your povcrbty, George. Until your fortunes mend, I could be happy in your wealth of affection, and some vine-clad cot--" Mr. Wardolff: "Pardon me, dear, you know I am only a poor clerk, and cottages are out of the question. Could you be happy in a third floor back furnished room, with a sewing machine buzzing overhead, and some fiend below cooking cabbage ?" Mliss Arabella: " Mraybe, George, dear, we'd better wait after Wife (11.10 p.m.): " What's that horrible odour? Smells like alcohol." Husbandl: "Yes, my dear, we use alcohol at the lodge for initiations. Take some alcohol, light it, put some salt in the flame, and it gives a glutstly yellow light-makes folks look like ghosts, you know." "Wife: "But that odor gomes from your breath." Husband: "Yes, my dear- in the thlirty-seventh degree I personate the c?bief demon with the flames coming from his mouth. I take a mouthful of alcohlol and a swallow of salt, and thoeq :;et fire to it. But, m'dear, you mustn't tell these things. Secret s'ciety. Secrets very sacred, you know." 