PABS PITHILY PUT. The r ? Police, - ? „ - ' / : Charity. Deatitnttoru beglon of relief. : - - ? ? - ^Kayorel wdalities, ^^e^lpyQe.to tills. ;? jWednesclay'a hnrrloane. ; jsecretary ^Hughes on water. 'St. Xilda ^Tradesmen's social, .?: 'Another good fit — -Ford1* feene*fit Malvern .engineer agitation yeviVefl. The Maddock majoral conversazione. . Now, Mayor Marriott, wewaltiot you The oldest , eewing-'machine-— the needle., Prahran sopi- kitchen-opened on Tceaday^ Friend D&mjrier;'g matinee benefit to* day. Be-Joycing at the .fit. Kilda court on Tuesday. ' -Distress relief 'meeting at Malvern on Tuesday. A God -send to the unemployed — the: hurricane. -That St. Eilda ghost— why doesn't some oriepothim? -4 Several items unavoidably crowded ? ont of th^s Issue. f : Another artistic achievement forAHtins, the local Millais. industry is crowded oat Portrait -of St. Hilda's courteous ser-- geautof police to-day. -The Governor and Lady Hopetoun at» tend the Caulfield races to-day. . ? . - * D. H, Eogan, newsagent, of St, Eilda, is: insolvent— -deficiency; £608. A counter attraction— The Drapers1 Night at the Bijod next Thursday. ;h-. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, M.P., sixty-four yeah of age next Monday. - - A bird whispers that Cr. -Jacoby is to he the next mayor o£ St Kilda. ?Halfway from Melbourne to Geelong opeued thirty-five years to -day. The. /Tram Company erects a -waiting room at tbe St Kilda Junction. Sergeant John King Joyce, of St Kilda' dragged into notoriety this week. The reason a ship is called 'she' £s;| because hex rigging costs so much. The Will of God exercised to eotne par- i pose on the Prahran Market buildings. Government purchased Hobson's Bay railway, 25th Jane 1878— price £1,320,820.. The Earl and Countess of Hopetoun at St. Kilda Town-hall next Monday evening. fSJDr. Leger Eraon, of GreviHe-street,' Prahran, celebrates his 80th birthday to day. Crimea street South is to be altered to Odosss-strcet— no confusing names in future. The Mayoress of Prahran striving to alleviate distress among the poor of the district. Mrs, Hannah Hart, draper, of Toorak-' road, South Yarra, has assigned her estate to trustees. £J3t Kilda satisfactorily copes with the. unemployed, be it raid to tbe credit of tbe ' local town clerk. Friend Joe Crook, of Sooth Yarra, sixty one years of age yesterday — forty-three years a colonist. A lengthy report of the St Kilda coun cil meeting on Monday appeared in our Wednesday's issue. East fit Kilda Presbyterian Charcb anniversary tomorrow — special sei vices morning and evening, fk ''Oar Teddy' pockets About £70, as the resnlt of his two benefit entertainments at the Prahran Town-ball. Every working man in St Kilda is found employment by the St. Kilda coun cil— 257 men now employed. Messrs. H. Morri6 Jones and Co. are holding a great clcariag sale, where bar gains form tbe order of tbe day. The Prahran soup kitchen was -open on Tuesday and Thursday this week, about 600 persons being supplied with soup. Our reference to the Prahran Mission Hall anniversary is crowded out It will appear in next Wednesday's issue. The Prabran Dramatic boys play ' Neck or Nothing ' at the Prahran Town-ball on the 38th pro*, and a treat is promised. St. Kilda Tradesmen's annual terp Bichorean socialities [good term this— Ed.] at the new town-hall on the 19th July. George Menagh was fined 5s. at tbe Prahran court on Thursday, for driving a horse and vehicle over the footpaths of the city. Our portrait production to-day may be termed the most successful we have ever presented. We congratulate our selves. The Loyal St. Kilda Lodge l.O.O.F. will revel in the joys of their half-yearly social on the 12th pros., at the Alfred Hall, 6t, Kilda. Will the opening ceremony of the new St. Kilda organ be in the mayoralty of Cr. Marriott or Cr. Jacoby? That is the qaestfon. Tbe Malvern council are considering the question of appointing a resident engineer. Mr. T. B. iiuntz's term expires on the 30tb inst Pastor Abbott addressed a meeting in the Prahran Mission Hall on Wednesday afternoon, the subject being 11 Divine Healing.' The new. typhoid fever wing at tbe Alfred Hospital contains 30 beds, exactly the same number as was provided in the late fever camp. Electors should inspect the supplementary lists now lying at the offices of tbe local registrars, to see if their, names are duly registered thereon. . A vagrant named Elizabeth Gordon, who is of deranged mind, was remanded by the Prahran bench on Thursday for a week for medical treatment. The congregation of the Collins-street Independent Church are worshiping in the Theatre Royal, during the execution of repairs to their churcb. The Prabran, Toorak, and South Yarra, Ladies' Benevolent Society are anxious that tradesmen pbonld contribute to help along the Prahran soup kitchen, Claims against the assigned estate of Brokensba Bros., builders, of Malvern, must be eent to 87 Queen-street, Mel* bourne, before the 1st July. The Government has already commenced work at tho Inkerman-street crossing, and the St Kilda council has handed over its ] pornortion of the cost £2000. ; Loyal Windsor Lodge G.U.O.O.F. cclc b rates its 81st anniversary on the 6tb prox, . in the Oddfellow's Hall at Windsor, a soiree i and ball being Ibe modu* operandi. The Prabran and Moorabbin councils were before the fteatf of Health on Wed- i licsdy, discussing the nighteoll disposal question-«Prabran had the best of it. Dr. Leger Krson has taken the premises recently vacated by tbe Mercantile Bank, next the Prabran Town-hall, where he may be consulted on and after the 1st July. ] The merry burglar still reigns supreme— j in fact, the only way to ensure the safety , of one's possessions'is to take one's villa I residence -with him when he goes out ; The Bev, Osric Copland ' farewells ' at ' the Prabran' Independent Churcb to morrow—a good -bye conversazione at the Prabraq Town-ball on IJonday evening . ^.The ^agiatratea presiding at the Prah- 1 ran court qnT.brusday were. Mr. Q'Bteara, P.M., agd Mossro. Maddock, Sykcs, Michel), Batcman, Hornbiower, and Finlay, J's.P. The president of the Malvern 6hire has aonvened a meeting of ratepayers for Tuesday evening. next to cousidw ' what steps may be taken to alleviate the existing, distress. l;..\ A valuable racehorse known as Master Jack vrftB Btolen on Tuesday night from the stable of ifr. Barnes McEJvoy, of C&mden;*strcet, Balaclava/ Tbe animal is Valued at £950.. Owing to tbo pressure on onr space wo have been compelled Ufbold ove^ various items of correspondence, reports,' etc.— will onr correspondents .kindly , accept dis appointment as cbccrfaliy as possible. At the St. Kilda court yesterday a small boy named William Holmes was charged with vagrancy. Mr. Barneff, gave {hp Jafl a y&r;/ bad character and be was committed .to tbe Industrial Schools. The Board of Health .has determined . to request ibe. Moorabbin council to continue the' permit for the Prahran council to deposit' nfghtsoil at Mr. Carr'e .depot for' another month. Qutte.r^gb^&ftQ;* - - ^hp fyaypr la^cr mayoress of Prabran tallied invitations for a concert and fonTfrsazione to be. held on ,tbe 7th -July .at the town-ball. The entertainment is in lieu of the customary, mavoral ball. - 