CHAPTER XVIII. I hare not the heart to (ell it, nor would I (Fittingly ran the risk of becoming wearisome by an account of my daily experience* at Cranknrst; indeed, when I look back upon it., I am filled with wonder as to bow I survived the melancholy tedeium of (hat awful time. Day by day pasted, and week by week, and siili my resf lesB brain could devise no place of escape which showed a reasonable chance of success; for I found that, even if, by a stroke of extraordinary j luck, I could menace to pass the sentry at the archway between the corridors, without being observed, and from there into the garden, an overwhelming difficulty would .till comfort me. Walls ai least ten feet high surrounded the house on all sides, and the mas sive iron gates, absolutely the only means of egress from the grounds, were always locked, the lodge-keeper being in possession of the key As the seventh week of my impri sonment drew near to an end, I reeog nised with dismay .'that my health hitherto sustained by my determined spirit, was plainly beginning to give way. I had always been accustomed to taking long walks; now, with the exception of the after-dinner hour's languid stroll, I was entirely debarred from the privilege of breathing the fresh air. Then, again, the silence that I had enforced upon myself, in stead of growing easier, became daj' by day more difficult to me; and at last I became positively haunted by the lear that in a moment of weakness I might give way altogether, and blurt out the truth, thus destroying for ever my last slender chance. The want of occupation too was beginning to tell seriously upon me, and a terrible sensation of deadly nansea attacked me as each day 1 eat down and recommenced counting my coins. I hate myself, I loathed the lite of deception and cunning that 1 waB leading; and yet what could I do ? But (or gentle Evelyn Furber, I think my heart would ha»o died j within me with disgust of mysnlf.; She it was that kept alive my better nature, and saved roe from hopeless moral deterioration. And yet I could not sliow her half the love and sympathy I felt, lor one day, Caroline being absent from the room, I had ventured <o go to where she sat, as usual, crying quietly in the window, and, putting my arms around her, I had gathered her to me, and laid her poor haggard faca against my breast, and bad wiped her tears away, and kissed her, and whispered soft words of comfort and affection so her; but she, to my surprise and consternation, had looked me full in the face, and. had said wonderingly " Why are yoo here ? Sou are not mad; mad people care for no one but themselves 1" Then without a word I had released her, and bad gone back to my sordid play with a fiercer heart-ache, than ever; and after that I was obliged to. content myself with a very cold show of interest in her; and I often shook, ai if an ague, with the restraint I pnt upon myself, when t heard her mur muring piteously to herself that I too was croel and cared (or her no longer.. At this time also sleep deserted me almost entirely; but even at night I was obliged to hold my inclinations in strict subjection. I did not dare to indulge in tossing and turning, for, having been detected awake by Caro line on one occasion when ane came to bed, she, to save herself any far ther inconvenience,, promptly pro ceeded to administer tome a draught out of the little phail. I certainly slept that night, and it was with difficulty they roused tne in the morning; but I shall never forget the horrible depression cf spirits I experienced that day; and I saw that for the future I must conceal my wakeful condition from Caroline, or I soon lose every vestige of ner VOUB energy. She, on the other band, exulted openly in the efficacy of her prescription, saying, in answer to a hint of Sarah's that she didn't think the stuff could be very good if it made people look as Hiss Furber and 1 did, tbat it was a splendid cure for lie-awakes. . " Well, Miss Humphreys certainly looks half asleep now," Sarah ad mitted. But, though I was dazed with the after-effects of the narcotic,. I had still sufficient sense to listen to and heed Caroline's answer. " T gave rather too much, as it hap pened," site said. "She is evidently easily affected; the same amount wouldn't have made me close an eye." "How do you know, Caroline?" inquired the girl. " You surely don't want anything to make you Bleep, do you ?" I " Muster advised me to take a teaspoonful once," Carol ine answered, " when I was off duty with d dread ful toothache. I took it, and it made me worse. The next night I doubled the dose, and in five minutes t was as dead asleep as a churchyard." " Well, I hope you won't have to give Miss Humphreys any more" said Sarah, looking compassionately at me. "Poor soul, she looks like ft ghost, with those pale cheeks and sunken eyes 1 Why, look at her gown, Caroline! It fitted her six weeks ago when missus bad it made; now it bangs on her like a sack-and no wonder, lor she eats next to nothing. It's really pitiful to see ber trying to swallow ber dinner." "You do look queer cerlainly," said Caroline, regarding me uneasily when Sarah had gone. " If we don't keep a sharp eye on you, we shall liavc you going into consumption or something." I had been brought to Cranhurst on a Tuesday in mid-July, and oti the Saturday in the seventh week I was sitting in a condition of hopeless despondency, gazing on my attenuated wrists and hands, and murmuring to myself, " How much longer can I endure? Oh, Heavenly Father, help me, for my strength is almost gone ! Either show mc some way of escaping tbis living death, or iti Thy mercy kill me, and end my troubles!"-when at this stage my despairing reverie was broken in upon by Caroline, who, taking me by the arm and pulling me out of my chair, said (To be continued next Snturil/n/. I 