| HOT LAKES AND VOLCANOES. ' $3B0TTGH THE NORTH ISLAND OF NtW ZEALAND ON HORSEBACK. From the pretty little town of Wanganui, i summer's morn about the end of February I mounted my charger and rode quietly along the winding path of tho Wanganui River to the settlement of Makirikiri. I have desig nated my horse a chargev, but in reality he was a » stager," well used to the strange oaths of bushmen, and as cunning as a fox, without, however, possessing anything like his brilliant speed. I rom Makirikiri I struck inland, following tho bod of the Mungawhero stream, with thick bowers of ferns, which grow in wild and beautiful profusion, from the bubbling stream in the gully, as it danced merrily over the large boulders, we slowly ascended by a serpentine path to the hilltop, and then as slowly descended the other side, Winding along by shadowy grove or sunlit stream the time passes quickly and pleasantly, and at noon the next day Jpirioi, a settlement sixty miles from Wanganui, is seen. It is here that I intended acquiring the services of Mr. Grtpr McGregor as guide for the remainder of the journey. McGregor was employed to collect the native census during the trip. He knew the language or the natives perfectly, also their little peculiarities so 1 relied upon being cheated less than the ordinary tourist Much to_my disappointment McGregor was not here, so 1 resolved to push on to Tokaanu aud overtake mm. loaccomnlish this sivf.v- mllne "v—-- - --- i " , g u i u e . The Jumoi authorities told me the road could be easily found. Armed with the minutest details of description I felt perfectly assured, started with a light heart. When once """'J' on the back things were not nearly so clea r .. and unmistakable as I had been led to ri au d * he .descriptions^volunteered '—" — " 1 ' by different authorities differed on material points. In the afternoon misgivings became convictions, and I was reluctantly forced to admit that I had lost myself. I started to return, feeling as intensely disappointed as a prison escapee just being recaptured, but found before getting halfway back I was hopalessly benighted. Having made a scrub bed on the banks of the Wangaehu River, from whose waters an unpleasant strong odour of Bulpliur arose, I tethered my horse and tried to sleep. My intervals of sleep, however, were short and fitful, interrupted by strange aud vivid dreams of wire mattresses with pro- i truding ends, and icebergs floating down ths river. A bleak easterly wind made tbe night cold, but before daybreak all WAS cAlm and etili. As the mm rose over the horizon it shed a pale pink light on the pure white mantle of KNOW that draped majestic Kuapeliu. anil endowed the mr>uut;;in with a look of solemn grandeur truly enchanting. After gazing some time on tiiis impressive view of the mountain, from whose base I was but two miles distant, I saddlyd my horse aud proceeded 011 the return journey, amply com- IM-iiti'.ted for my compulsory sleep out. On juy aiTiv.il buck a: Karioi I was ;i?rt-eably surjiriM-d to find MctJreeor there. lii'ji**, „"i A ungut, bright, i'"-'." bracing iuoi nnig heralded our departure, and after that exchange of civilities which is ind;Vj(tnsab!e at up-country sett!«uiv.nts, ouv cavalcade advanced on Tokaanu. The road lies on the eastern side of lvu.il over the Kangipo Desert, and is for the greater part dreary and uninteresting; but its dreariness is greatly relieved by the proximity of the mountains liuajiebu and Ngaurtihoe (a, peak of Tongariro), of which we had a i>erfect and uninterrupted view. Through the barren waste of sand and boulder over which we tracked our path for twenty miles flowed numerous cool crystal mountain streams, glistening in the sunlight as they hurried on to reach the plains. As the sun sank to the westward, aud showed in bold relief the shapely form of Ngauruhoe, a thick cloud of steam could be seen rolling from the crater. Richly tinged by the deep red hues of the parting sun, this cloud looked looked like a dense column of smoke lit up by volcanic flames. We camped at Moturoa, a native settlement, fifteen miles from Tokaanu, and nearly opposite the extinct crater of Pihanga. According to a Maori tradition of great «, antiquity , Pihanga once played .—„ a promi- i nentpartiu a love tale, which runs thus:— Tongariro and Taranaki {now called Egmont) were both enamoured of the fair Pihanga. As the dew hushed all to silence, aud the pale moon peeped through the mist on to the peaceful scene below, Taranaki stole quietly to the side of his ladylove, and told his simple tale in love's seductive tone. He wooed and won, bnt a dread fear lest the jxiwerful and revengeful : Tongariro should hear impelled secrecy. ltuajiehu, however, overheard of the be- ; troths], and straightway informed Tongariro. : With a mighty roar he blazed with anger. ! Choosing the largest boulder in his furnace ha ' fired it with the rapidity of Jove's thunder- : bolts at the unlucky Taranaki, who was struck ' and toppled over in tbe desert. Not content with tho indignity Taranaki had k-j already —j..—c suf- ; fered, Tongariro ordered him off to sea on tbe sulphury waters of the Wangaehu. After tossiag about on the billowy waves for some . weeks a favouring breeze wafted him ashore at , liis present abode, where he has since been ; free from fie maliguity of Tongariro, who afterwards LIACL-OI^ in I N the IVTLL suushine NF of Pihanga's !: eyes. How ingeniously does the romantic Maori ' account ' "for the" absence ' of ' Taranaki "' " from the volcanic vein. i Toxaaxc. i The next morning we arrived at Tokaanu. • Some miles away we could see the steam rising from the scrub over many acres of ground and . from tbe hillsides. Travelling along the ; narrow road which forms the entrance to the settlement we were startled by strange gurg- , ling, bubbling, hissing noises which issued from mud and steam holes of various sizes, some ' not a foot from the track. Our horses trembled and snorted, but with that sagacity which characterizes the noblest of animals in times of danger 0„ they refrained from all kinds of antics and walked through the pass like well- ; bred undertakers at important funerals. Some of „» the — mudholes remind one --- of - c porridge cooking in the kitchen, the same splutter, splutter, splutter going on continuously, We repaired to tbe Government Whare (house), and settled down, cooking our food a la Maori in the puhias (springs)— quite a novel and useful method of overcoming the absence of the French cook. It seems strange, and to persons living at home almost to be initiated into the mysteries of puhia bathing. Winding along the path through the scrub, which seems haunted, so strange and weird are the midtifarious sounds which greet us n all sides, we suddenly emerge on a dazzling white patch of silica, in the centre of which is a S^l^L?] deUcate blue tint, b li certainly is not in my line for bathing." hathmg." With anxious eyes I watched Mae quietly disrobing Mid evidently bent upon doing something foolivr™. „ - jt e , e\<illi^i[(> niejisure nF a. r<ii> in HIA aorlnn^t-^ jjxauw umiuxi* uiauo tueir appearance evidently to see how we wereen joying our first bath, • • « - iur uur ™mra iu me i-usues. uur ren-eas was not dignified; it was an occasion upon which dignify would havo been absolutely out of place. This, however, was their first and only visit The afternoon we spent on a tour of inspection, and the sights would surely satisfy the most captious wonder critic. About a hundred yards from where wo had bathed is a fierce boiling pabia called PoUiuga's Throat, It is about 4 ft. in diameter, of a dark green colour, and bofls continuously, but about everv fifteen seconds it boils furiously into a seethiusmass 4 ft. above its ordinary level, then subsides again into a vicious boiL Withaninvoluntary gasp and a few hasty steps backwards I witnessed for tlie first time this startling eruption of Pohiuga's Throat. All around us are toiling springs, generaly of a green colour and as clear as crystal, some large enough to be called lakes, whilo others are only a few feet in diameter. So clear is tlie water in the boiling lakes that one can easily see objects 20 ft. below the surface, the pools, which are only tepid and warm, being always cloudy, We aleo visited the petrifying springs in an ' - - - — — j awaytheselittlenicknacksasmemeutoesoftheir visifi. The Devil's Porridge Pot IB only a few yards away. We all stand round and wonder if his majesty has breakfasted. It is a large mudhdle four feet in diameter, and is filled with filthy thick'mud, which makes a gobblesplutter sort of sound as it boils. We tread very gently in this part, for eveiy footstep has an ominous echo, reminding one of the thin- . ness of the earth's crust. We pase a stream of boiling water, which is an affluent of the Tokaanu stream, whose waters are cold as ice. Strangely enough numerous steam-jets are hissing from the bank of the Tokaanu stream only a few inches above the water. We batW agaiD, and having ~finished"tea eat listening to the melancholy waiata chantcd by the Maori girls as they carried the food to Taupo. Gliding down the stream m-c scon float on that vast sheet of water, which is so clear, so blue, so t tranquil, .- and - stretches _ away as far as the eye ... can reaeh to the — dim blue hills in the distance. After an hour's paddling we arrived at Waihi, a Maori settlement on the shore of tlie lake. Waihi is almost : deserted, and ia visited only, 1 think, on ; account of its waterfall, which is from aheight > of 200 or more feet. We soon recross the blue ! just beginning to fade with tha waning twilight, and watching the steam rising all around like ghosts, the sorrowful reflection forces itself upon ua that to-morrow at daylight we must depart for Waimarino. We must say good-by to the bright-faced little fellows who ran races for our edification, and to the fair damsels who chanted doleful waiatas for our benefit and cadged our cigarettes. ASCENT or TONMAHIKO WN SCAUMHOK. At sunrise the following day we reluctantlv bade farewell to Tokaanu-what a strand fascination human nature has for the wonderful. We take a short cut over the Pihanga Range. The road was not good except tfie. latter part through the bush, which wa* delightful. Nothing disturbed the tranquillity of the scene, with its delicious coolness, and iti ^i— n__ ^ i i issue rrom im close beneath us in all the joyous brightness of this summer's morn. It is a pretty little scene although the bush-fringed peninsula cuts off from view the further nortion of the lake, and erim Tongariro makes the background. We de on for a few miles and camp at Papakai, six miles distant from Tongariro. Wo breakfasted at dawn the next day, and rode as far as Ketetahi, then tethered our horses aud iwoceedc-d on foot. Two miles away wo could smell the sulphur and hear the roar of tho steam forcing_ its way through tho earth. Tho Ketetahi Spring is situated about halfway up the northern spur of Tongariro, whore the j action of the steam has made a large gulch in the mountain side. Large columns of steam roar and hiss from holes and fissures in the . ground; fiom amongst the steam an inky-blaok j fctream is seen bubbling out of the earth, ! which id the famous Ketetahi Spring, i Although it is said by tho natives to bo trm ' best curative spring in Nvw Zealand ibera is no accommodation for bathing, consequently it ie rarely visited. I should say it would take a patient of exceptionally stump n<-rves to htand the ttrain of betiitf in the m*aein>» of a-jeh demoniac manifestations. 'I-Voia tlia force of steam which roars from hole c-iosf by one would say it indicated a pressure of "><«) or 400 lb. to the square ice!:. YVY- : l;id a batii simply to be able to say we had done so. A short stiff brreh and we are on slit! summit of Tongariro, 5,430 ft. Stretched before us was a splendid bird V.-eve view of lakes, streams, bush, mountain ranges, and desert; behind us stands siat-.G* Ngauniht'e. ^gaui-nutm. with its banner of steam, aud the gii.-lejiiiii? maks of *aowv Kuapeliu. Turning to Tongariro itself, it is Ii scene of -wast-i and utter desolation. AU around us wen- huge boulders ana vast walls of stone, reddened and charred by the terrific heat of bygone years, and hundreds of acres of sand, ashes, and stone. A little further along we camo to the extinct crater of Tongariro, a splendid relic of this once terrific firebeleher. It is completely circular in shape, with a depth ot 150 ft., and covers five acrc-s of ground. The wall? are perpendicular, and coinnosed principally of ragged pillars placed " 1 side by side 111 ce the fortifications of a giant's castle. Whilst gazing at this grira relic of the past, now as silent its the tomb, one naturally thinks of the stupendous poivt r that once shook its ighty foundation and shot lurid flames into the skies. A couple of miles slowly down hill over ragged country composed of boulders, cinders, and sand, and we arrive at the foot of the Ngauruhoe Peak. Some time ago we were loud in praise of the symmetrical shape of Ngauruhoe, but now when we have to crane our necks to look to the top it is really not so beautiful. — After *" about • • two - hours' - painful - - - ; struggle we arrived at the edge of the crater 7,421ft. The scene is almost indescribable - : ; large columns of steam wore roaring, hiding,' and howling from numberless fissures all around ' the inside of the crater a distance of fully a quartei of a Mile, and occasionally large boulders undermined by tho action of the j steam fell into the crater with deafening 1 crashes. The sickening and almost unbearable ! smell of sulphur added to the noise made the i place a perfect pandemonium. Adjoining the outer edge of the large and uneven crater there is a smaller one thickly coated with sulphur crystals which emits a thin black column of smoke. We took some specimens of crystals from-the crater and some pure flour of sulphur from the outside of the cone where it is lying in ^— tons. A • _ir_, slight ^ breeze ,— for a moment or "two wjifts the steam and smoke in our faces ; we are obliged to putour noses to the ground like Japanese courtiers and await a change in the wind, Somewhat anxious to get away from this "uncanny" sjjot we quickly scramble down and soon arrive back at Tongariro. After another bath ui Ketetahi 1/ ..L.II—V we°reacli 1. camp at sunset "just a little tired." We next day push ' on as far ' as the Maori pah Waimarino, * which is on the border of the famous block of land of that name recently purchasedbythe Now Zealand Government. "Another twenty miles through the bush and we are on the Wanganui River. The road is completely canopied by the bush, which looks more charming than "before. Splendid matais, graceful rimus, giant pines, and sturdy ratas, with the shrublike undergrowth of iioropito, korinio, and malro, and beautiful clusters of the ineom parable ... ferns to ^ complete the sylvan picture, We pass into the KingCoimtiy, and arrive at Taumaranui in the afternoon. After staving some days we sent our"hor»?s homeland arranged to go down the Wanganui Kiver by canoe. There is a certain element of danger in shooting the rapids which makes the journey exciting. We engaged a native named Tuao and his wife Maria (Mareea) to take us down to Wanganui, and started about noon one day. Carefully seated, all hands paddling, wc approach the foaming rapid, poise an instant on the crest, then shoot down with the speed of a railway train through the eddies at the bottom, and into the still porwe continue, shooting one every five minutes, as a Maori canoe thought it surprising that we did not capsize at every rapid, but the natives fro astonishingly dexterous in navigation. Onee at the ottom of a rapid the canoe swept intoagurgng eddy, wllich ran our bow up stream ina second. %e laughed at one another as sat looking up stream, but it was quite an omission the canoe did not capsize or stand on its r — in the eddy. The scenery was refreshingly rugged^ and unique. Almost its entire course the rivor is immured within high bush- covered hills. Mils. Here and there patches iiatHie* OF cf native clearing have been deserted, and " are now covered with prolific growths of the -i ^-r. , , , " . known quantity. They cannot realize it, for :sfc than their possession of " utility, and and from me turmoil ot «ie ousv world, with its never-coasiug struggle "for wealtii and \- - on eitner siae. fiuaaeniv turning a point one could imagine wo were entering a cave so dark and gloomy is the scene with the dripping moss clinging to the walla - in a few minute" more we are in the next reach, which is bathed in sunlight, and everything j- bright and cheerful with the songs of ljir«is. V/« paddled ou till the afternoon, and campsd at Maraikowhai, a native settle-nent of some importance. McGregor told me that as neither Tuao nor Maria had visited this pah for lengthy period a tangi (lamentation) was sure to take place. The eld couple carefuilv decorate themselves with green wreaths: they approac-h, and the ceremony begins with low dismal moaning. The women of the pah hear and'respond in the same key—well, not QuHe in the eame key, for I believe thev all sing in different kevs—and the sacrcd custom is "oiu» to be upheld to the last tear. It starts like the low, plaintive moaning of tlie wind as it sweeps through the pinetree. and gradually increases in a glorious crescendo, now forte and bursts into a crashing discord that well-nigh lifts one's head off. Again and again the discordant • - • " - -.t — u u , „ ^uu,.,™^ „„ accomplished the distance from Pipiriki to Wanganui (sixty miles) in a counle of days and our journey is ended. It occupied iust a month and a dav, and was one of the mo4; enjoyable trips that one—especially an admirer of seenerv—could wish for. The Maoris too were exceedingly hospitable, and treated with the greatest of kindness. FINAL. All those who have written on the subject of tbe "Maori Eace" are agreed that it is rapidly approaching extinction. Various reasons have been assigned and theories advanced to show cause _ for the rapid <3e]>opulation. The aboriginal is said to have acquired the vices of the pakeha without his'^Te^ffludiiig virtue"' and to be the victim of unscrupulous pub 1 ican< who sell "doctored" liquors for Maoris only in debaucheiy, what could be more natural than their extermination V But hapuily a change is comingovcrtheMaoris. Thoyarcno longer eager to sell their lands, and have in many places gone in for sheepfanning and cropping. Inallthe districts through which we passed there wa« a substantial increase in population. The natives appeared tidy and well clad, and food was plentiful. In many ways the Maoris have been improved by missionaries of different 