Some Dental Remini scences. I have been dabbling a little in dentistry for the past, few days, r.nd as far as I have gore I can't say that I hanker after it as a means of rest and relaxation. I had much rather sit in a barber's chair, and have him pour bay rum down my neck and ask me if I didn't want a sea foam or a scalp eradicator. As cunpleasant and annoying to the ee:oEitivo soul es that is, it is a Itethoven syelphony alongside of a rest in a dentist's chair. It almost makes a man wish he had been born without teeth, when be comes to hbaing them fii!ed. I mentioned this little b-,: etc to my dentist but he only grunted and told me cnt to spit on the carpet. There iseomething so discoureging to conversation in the regular course of dentistry that one hates to hare the life knocked out of a little pleasantry by a mereinary minded tooth doctor. A :man can think cf a good many things while a man's fist and a set of boring apparatus is operating itride his jaws, but he can scarcely find words to give his thoughts ex pression. Then nwl-n the merry ripple of pers&flage; flows forth with the saliva at some intermission of the tragedy, he hates to have it received as cooly as civil eervice application for oice. This makes the last of the Macbeth filiings that i have had re-placed. There were six of thetm at frat, twelve years ago; all put in by the Eame master hand. One by one they parted from me. Some of them willingly, yea gladly, in company with a piece of miolasses candy, others broken off breptly in the fall tide of their strength and usefulness by a stray bit of oyster shell. I had a girl oscs who loosened a large front filling with one of her warm, voluptions kisses that drew like a mustard. plaster or a new piece of suction hore. This lastone I shookout ola teeth-chattering cn test where some one was telling ghost stories in the dark. Ilenceforth Macbeth and I will be as though nothing had ever passed between os. I carry no more of his bi sulphate of zinc around with me and I am glad of it. My first dental experience happened in the early part of my career, but I never think of it without a recoil of horror, whatever that is. The dentist, whcso tooth-jerking emporium and jaw- dislocating parlors I patronised, went by the name of Macbeth. lie looked like a man who would stoon to murder, if the man was smaller than be or he had him down. I did not patronise him from choice but from policy. lie run a half square adv. in the paper ons which I then worked, and one morning when I complained of a toothache, the editor suggested that I should go to Macbeth. Mr. Mlacbeth kept a small showease full of teeth at the bottom of the stairway leading to his bicusped bas.ar, and the doctor who did bueinesson the floor above, also had a small, but choice collection of aristocratic corns on the other side of the rtairease. The effleet, we as we artist say, was harmonious but etsrtlini-. Personr would stop as th.ey went by to look at the showcases, juEt as they do in front of a phtogorapher's d.eplay, and point out Major Taylor's three-pronged mola or or Mrs. Judge Tuley'a troublesome hard corn. When I went to Mr. Macbeth, I told him that a toothache was troubling me, and that I had a large, important looking tricuspid that I would like to add to his collection. Ile said that he didn't usually put any but the teeth of actresses and prcfessional men in his display, but that he might make an exception in my case, if I would give him a ten-line local in next week's paper. I promised the local, and a good position as top of the column, next reading matter, provided he gave my tooth the same in his case. That was when 1 was young and proud. Now, I have my teeth pulled, not necessarily for exhibition. Then I took a seat, opened my mouth and waited, while Macbeth made his explorations. When he returned from the interior, he said there was no need of pul!ine the tooth rt all. That it ought to be filled. Il: .I*o announced with gladsume Eurekances, bhat he had dis. covered five other large, underground c.vities that ought to be stopped up. In my guileless innocence I told him to go ahead with the contract. Then he jabbed a stick of wood into my mouth to hold it open, while he rummaged around among the assortment of raips he kept on file. ltejecting soame of the lees deadly instru ments, he selected his favorite weapon and placed himself in an cifensive attitude. Ei placed his left hand across the bridge of my nose to steady himself, and his hand was as cold and clammy as the touch of a dear do. Parted friend. I tried to remonstrate with him, but he had already begun operations, and I could only think up things that I would say when I got loose. After staking oot his claim, he began to bore for quartz. Every once in a while his gimlet would slip cod jab a hole in my jaw. Then he would twist it out, brace his feet more firmly agaicst the woodwork, and jab away again. Bo hs went on. tapping a vein here, striking paying dirt there, and running into a blind lead some place else, till all six of the cavities were filled. Mr. Maobeth's breath was nearly as strong as his arm, and came near taking the place of chloroform. His hands also lead me to believe that he had had turkey hash to: breakfast, and had been dealt the neak. But I did not complain. When man has his mouth full of email crobars and nail panches, I !?o isd oalieh to utter a word of complaint bhout anything. When I got a chance to get up and heat :n honorable retreat, I did so. I think Mao. bc::s must have taken me for the late Mr. 11,luff. Tnn demand for its leather has brought It-? kangaroo into imminent danger of ex or-ti-n, and measures are in contemplation hcr retrittine the slaughter of the animal. Ethel: "What do you thina of Joblots ergagPement to Miss Sears f'a JaLck : " He might do worse." helbhtl : "He will--he is going to me.nyt "Why, Casper, this isn't a bit the kLied of a house I supposed you would build." " No, I'm rather surprised myself5 but tlp architect is very well eatisfed."' 