OUR SYDNEY LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Just now political expectation stands on tip-too awaiting tho verdict of tho nomineo chamber on the Electoral Bill. Tho Houso of Privileges has not yet begun its considera tion of that measure, which will probably bo brief. It will be recollected that the brazen plea on which the Council rejected tho Bill of last session was that the country had not sanctioned the principle of 'one man ono vote.' Yet everybody knows that thero ««o nu uumiiiu issue moro prominently no fore the public at the general election. While the Labor Party tried to ' sink' tho fiscal issue, there was no question which they kept afloat so energetically as equal political rights. ^ If in any caso a candidato was not asKcd his views on the subject it was because they were taken for granted, such was tho general unanimity and even enthusiasm, for electoral reform. Tho Coun cil, however, were seriously inclined to ? think that the people of New South Wales might never forgive them if they ventured to touch the property qualification. The same branch of the Legislature, though, however, hastened tio pass protec- ? tive duties, on which no clear voto of tho r pcoplo had been taken at the last general election, against which a majority of them had always declared, and so far as can bo ascertained, on that occasion declared as emphatically as evor. The Council, repre senting wealth, and especially lauded pro perty — and no one who knows it will sus pect its members, with a few exceptions, of representing anything else — feared a land value tax and other taxes directed against the classes who are on top. They feared to strip ' property' of the power to vote for itself against flesh and blood and ovory in terest of the State. They therefore eagerly accepted on behalf of the country a measure which it had not sanctioned and rejected, one moro deeply stamped with approval than almost any other that has ever been presented to them with the sign of national approval. They arc pretty sure to do the same thing again, or to mutilate the bill submitted with provisions which cannot bo accepted. Tho public feeling in favor of land value taxa tion lias very palpably grown since the last Electoral Bill was rejected. Tho present measure provides much more effective machinery for carrying out that will. The legislative champions of monopoly are stand ing behind their last earthwork now, aud may be expected to make a good fight in a bad cause. Of course, the bill could not come into immediate operation if accepted by tho local Lords. The difficulties in the way of fixing electoral boundaries will take a long time to overcome, and a large percen tage of members of the present Houso will be in no hurry to overcome them, as this ' would mean their own prompt relegation to the outer darkness where empty-headed blather is not rewarded with fixed weekly payment at a comfortable rate. Equal voting power would mean, as Mr O'Sullivan candidly admitted, the overthrow of protec tion. It would mean also that trades union ism would have a much smaller representa tion in Parliament than now. It would mean a loss of seats to many of the old iden tities of Parliament-. If the Council throws out tho bill— or rather when it throws out the Bill — thero will of course bo a patriotic flare up in the Assembly. Indeed it is thought that the Government arc calculating on this con tingency to go to the country on in the event of a dissolution. There is small prospect that they will live over Christmas, and in the event of defeat, Sir George would most likely ask, and almost certainly be granted, a dissolution. On the estimates the Ministry will come to grief, unless a great change in tho feeling of tho Houso takes placo. Apart from Sir George's £1000, the central point around which the battle will rage, there arc several items to which objee tion will be raised, aud into which close in quiry will be made. The Electoral Bill will Ik; a great support to a party which finds itself in difficulties, and the Council's rejec tion of it will be played for all it is worth and more. The raising of tho ghost of Federation is a palpable and glaring sham. If anything was needed to place an indelible humbug mark on the foreheads of the present Go vernment, it is their support of Federation. They are protectionists to a man, Mr Copo land being of a specially obtuse and per uicketty brand. They have gone ramping about the country districts, promising to build walls ever higher and stronger against the products of Victoria, New Zcalaud, Tasmania, and all the other colonics, which, as Federationists, they are bound to begin pulling down at the first opportunity. As protectionists or as federationists they aro in sincere, probably as both. They see that the urotectionist game is up, and wish to play with another pack of cards, that is tho general interpretation of tho present proceed ing. No one believes that there is any real desire among them to help forward Federa tion, or stick to protectionist colors a * moment longer than thero is a payable fol lowing behind them. Placo and pay is tho patriotic desire of the Ministry even more conspicuously than it has been that of most Ministers iu the past. The cabled digest of Sir Henry Parkes' book on himself shows how strongly it is saturated with the vulgar personal vanity which lias always characterised the man. Those who know Sir Henry intimately grow tired of the egotism which stews out of him at every pore, while those who don't can easily gauge his opinion of himsolf by almost any speech ho has mado during a score of years. No matter what tho sub ject, it has been made an occasion to drag iu his g»*eat services to the country, and to once more proclaim the glory of having con ceivcd the Education Act, which most pcoplo notwithstanding persist in crediting to the Rov. Mr Greenwood. Altogether Sir Henry's book appears to be a chroniclo of small beer. He had a splendid opportunity to tell a story of surpassing interest to tho world, with whose details ho is more iu. tinuitcly acquainted than is' any other man among us. He has seemingly missed it al together, and devoted talents that should bo better engaged to glorifying himsolf, and haviug a fling at his political opponents. The Local Government Bill which has been introduced to the Assembly has small chance of becoming law for somo time yet There is such a glut of business to bo faced — some of which is morely ' business' in tho theatrical sense — before members get at tho long ami longed for Christmas vacation, that this measure will bo held over along with Federation. Mininc on Private Pronm-hv. and other reforms. But it will not bo possible to hold it over for evor, or for very long There is a demand for fuller powers of Local Government, which cannot bo withstood, much as somo mombors of Parliament would like to do so. Tho Bill as submitted by tho Prcm or is 'voluminous and vast.' It will bear much pruning and licking into shape, but it embodies correct principles which must be retained. 