Cuxtr&tng.; Kapunda Coursing Meeting:. Kamrada. June 28. The Kapunda coursing meeting attracted large crowd of spectators to-day, including many ladies, and the Hon. Jenkin Colea and. Mr. J. W. White, the members for the dis« trict. The morning opened very bleak, but oha weather was more pleasant in the afternoon. Hares were very scarce in the best paddocks'* and there were poor results before lunch, bub there were a good number of courses in tha timbered country during the afternoon. Tha U0J O AITOLUUia VVGID IfUUU) AIJ. UUU1WH (JOUlg JTIU4 off. Mr. Hope made an excellent judge, riding well to his dogs and giving thorough sabisfae tion. Mr. Dutton, the owner of Anlaby Estate,' kindly provided luncheon, and was present foe a shorn period, but was well represented by his. manager, Mr. Miller. Some very good trials took place, and the favorites, Ruby and Juno still remain in. Results :— ANLABY STARS. First Sound. Smith's Cyclorama beat Peaice's Pearleaf . Shea's King Bounce beatFaschen & Dyer's Triplet.' Qirinliran'd Nora Darling beat Oliver's Oliver CromV Fawcetfe Justice beat UcUichael's Wildfire. White's Gelert beat Shakeshafi/s O.K. Sbannon'8 Splendora beat Frosf s Freedom. Dunstan's Bell IL beat Coombe's Competency. Messenger's Sam Weller a bye, O'Dea's Mcrmai$ drawn, lame. Burgess's Juno beat Willcox & King's Sluggard. Wright' a Tom Harrington beat Coulthard's Demons Roberta's Max beat Penny's Fancy Queen. Davoren'a Forest King beat jMcWhlrter's Colleen Las?. HcBean's Buby beat Fairy's Chemist. x Johnston's Jean beat Hubble's Herd Laddie. * ; Heinrich'e Comet beat Dawson's Disraeli. '?- Fawoeti's Miss Harrirgton beat Gier's Dauntlee?. J Boeisto's Sttalhmore beat Fepperill'a Redskin., Harder's Barley Bree be -t Hannan's Exile. Orehaid'a Orizaba beat Knowling's Venture. Johnstone's Bluey and Seberd'a Unlacfcy Gass rani undecided. Kelly's Morley's Ghost beat Witm's Flying Cloud. Bansbury's Euchre beat Buttfield's Jezeoel. Wednesday 's work commences with Bluey and Un«' lucky Guss, and the final ooursea wi!l probably ba run on Thursday. Kapunda, June 29. The Kapunda Coursing Club's operations were 'continued to-day on the Anlaby estate, when about 400 spectators were present. Tha proceedings* commenced nearly opposite the homestead, and the banks of the Julia Rives were followed till lunch t?me, after which tha Ih'ITr were resorted to, but game wa3 verj scarce, 14 courses being the total for the dayo The weather was cold and cloudy. Ruby, Splendora, and Cyclorama were the mosfl fancied for the finish. The final courses ara likely to occupy the best part of Thursday* During Wednesday afternoon Mr. Duttony who appeared on the ground, was heartdls thanked on behalf of the club for his hospU 't&lity;, and in reply said he was pleased to sea the coursing club on his estate and would make them welcome at future meetings. The results of to-day's running were : — Scheid's Unlucky Guss ran a bye, and Johnston'* Bluey was drawn. Tonkin's Heola beat Verrall'e Veronica. Jones's Broken Hill a Dye, and Mortimer's Laaft. Straw was drawn. First Ties Cyelorama beat King Bounce. Justice a bye ; Nora Darling drawn. Splendora beat Gelert. Sam Welltr beat Bell II. Juna a bye ; Tom Harrington drawn. Max beat Forest King. : Ruby bfat Jean. Comet beat Miss Harrington .' Barley Bree beat Strathmore. r Unlucky Guss bean O.izaba. Marley's Ghost beat Euchre. As Broken Hill came to the slips lame ffecla wilt probably run a bye. There is very little grass in this paddeck, and the prevailing dry weather seems to affect the presence of game, as last year's 48-dog st?*e was run off in a day and a half, while this season it will cccupy three days. The proceedings on Thursday commence in tbe paddocks on the light river, where a start was made oi the first day. 