TN ADA, THE LILY. I By E. BIDER HAGGARD. COPYRIGHT,-1S91, HT H.-RIDER HAGGARD. [AM. RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XVI. TTJISLOFOCAAS VENTURES OUT TO WIS TUE AXE. Now, many moons lind gone bj since TJmslopogaas became si king of tho wolves, and bo waa a man full grown, a man fierce und tall and keen ; a slayer of men, fleet of foot and of valour unequalled, seeing by night ns well as by day. But bo wns not yet named tba Slaughterer, and not yet did he hold tbat iron chioftainess, tbo axe Groan Maker. Still, tins was foremost in his mind, to win tbe axe ; for no woman had entered there, who when she enters drives out all other desire-ay, my father, even that of good weapons. At times, indeed, TJmslopo- gaas would lurk in tho reeds by the river looking at tho kraal of Jikiza the Uncon- quered, and would watch the gates of his Kraal, and once as he lurked lie saw a mau great and broad and hairy, who bore upon his shoulder a shining axe, hafted with the horn of a rhinoceros. After that his greed for this axe entered into Umslopogans more and more, till at length ho scarcely could sleep for thinking of it, and to Galazi he spoke of little else, wearying bim much with his talk. , But for all bis longing ho could find no means to wm it. Now, it befell that as TJmslopogaas Jurki ono evening in tho reeds, watching the kra of Jikiza, he saw a maiden straight and fai ?whoso Bk i u sbono liko tho copper anklets c ¿er limbs. She walked slowly on towan the reeds where he lay bid. Nor did si stop at the brink of tho reeds; she enten thom and sat herself down within a speai length of where TJmslopogaas lay hid, ai at onco began to weep, speakiug to herse as she wept. . Would that thc ghost-wolves might ft on him nnd all that is bis,' she sobbed, 'a; and on Masilo, also ! I would hound the on,'even if I myself must next know the fangs. Better to dio by tho tooth of tl wolves than to be sold to this fat pig of Masilo. Oh ! if I must wed him, I will gh him a knife for the bride's kiss. Obi that were lady of the ghost-wolves, there Bhoul be a picking of bones in tho kraal of Jikfc beforo tho moon grows young again.' TJmslcpogaas heard, and of a sudde reared himself up before the maid, and 1 was great nnd wild to look OD, and tho sin wolf's fangs shone upon his brow. ' The ghost-wolves are at hand, domsel he said. 'They are ever at hand for thot who need them.' Now the maid saw him and screame faintly, then grew silent, wondering at th greatness and the fierce eyes of the man wh epoke to her. ' Who ore you ?' she asked. ' I fear yo not, whoever you are.' ' There you are wrong, damsel, for all me: fear me, and they have cause to fear. I ar one of . the Wolf-Bretbren, whose name have been told of ; I am a wizard of th Ghost Mountain. Take heed, now, lest : kill you. It will be of little avail to col upon .your people, for my feet are ileole than theirs.' 'I - have no wish to call upon mi poople, Wolf-Man,' she answered. ' An< for tho rest, I am too young to kill.' ' That is so, maiden,' answered TJniBlopo gass, looking at her beauty. ' What wer< the words upon your lips as to Jikiza and t certain Masilo ? Were they not fierce words -euch as my heart likes well P'. 'It seems that you hoardthoin,' answerec the giieV 'What need to waste breath ii speaking them again ?' 'No need, maiden. Now, tell ino you: story ; perhaps I may fiad a way to bel j you.' . ' There is little to tell,' Bhe answered. , ' Il is a small tale and a common. My name ii Zinitn, and Jikiza the Unconquered is ury step-father. He married my mother, who it dead, but none of his blood is in mo. Now, he would give me in marriage to a certain Masilo, a fat man and an'old, whom I hate, because Masilo offers many cattle for ino.' 'Is there,-then, another whom you would wed; maiden?' asked Umslopogons. 'There is,none/ answered Ziuita, looking "him in tho eyes. ' And is there no path by which you may escape from Masilo?' . 'There is only ono path, Wolf-Man-by death. If I dio, I shall escape; if Masilo dies, I shall escape; but to little end, for I aimil'be giren to another ; but if Jikiza dies, then-it will be well. What of that wolf people of yours, aro they not hungry, Wolf, Man ?-. '- . 'I' may not bring them here,' answered Umslopognas. ' Is there no other way ?' 'There is another way,' said Zinita, 'if one can be found to try it,! and again she looked at him strangely, causing the blood to beat within him. ' Hearken ! do you not know «¿how our people are governed; They are ^governed by him who holds the axe Groan Maker; He that can win tho ase in war rirom the hand of him who holds it shalt be our chief. But if he who holds the axo dies unconquered, then his son takes bis place and with it the axe. It has been thus, in- deed, for four generations, since he who held Groan-Maker has always boen unconquer- able. ' But I have beard tbis,$that tho great grandfather of Jikiza won the axo from him who held it in his day ; ho won it by fraud. J7or when the axe lind fallon on him but lightly, he foll over, feigning death, Then the owner of the axe laughed, and turned to walk .away. But tho forefather of Jikiza sprang up behind him and pierced him through with a spear, and thus became chief of the 'People of tho Axo. Therefore, it is the custom of Jikiza to'how off the heads of those whom he kills with the axe." 'Does:he, then, slay many?-' asked Ura »lopogans, ' Of late years, few indeed,' she said, ' for none dare stand against him-no, not with alUto^wiD.^ Por, holding the.axe Groan Maker,'be is unconquerable, and to fight with him IB sure death. Pifty-'and-one have tried in nil, and beforo tho hut of Jikiza there are piled fifty-and-one white skulls. And know this; tho axe must bo won in fight ; if it is stolen or found, it has no virtue-nay, it brings shame and doath to him to holds it.' 'How, then, may a man give battle to . Jikiza ?' he asked again. '.Thus : Once in every year, on tho first day of tho now moon of .the summer season, Jikiza holds a meeting of tho headmou. Then ho must rise and challenge all or any io come forward and do battlo with him to win the axe and become chief in his place. Now, if one comos forward, they go_ into tho cattle, kraal, and there the matter is cudod. Afterwards, when the hoad is hewn from his foe, Jikiza. goes back to tho meeting of the headmen, and they talk as. before. Aliare free to hoirie to the mooting, and Jikiza must ight with them if they, will it, whoever they fee.* "" ' Perhaps I shall be there,' said Umslopo gaas. I ' After this meeting at the neve moon, I am to be giren ia marriage to Masilo,' Baid the maid. ' But should one conquer Jikiza, then he vf ill be chief, and can give me in marriage to whom he will.' ' Now, TJmslopogaas understood her mean- ing, and knew that be bad found favour in ber sight ; and the thought moved bim a little, for women were strange to him ns yet. ' If perchance I should be there,' ho said, ' and if perchance I should win the iron Chieftatness, the ase Groan Maker, and rule over the People of tho Axe, you should not lire far from the shadow of the axe thenceforth, Maid Zinita.' ' It is well, "Wolf-Man, though gome wight not wish to dwell in that shadow ; but first you must win the ase. Many have tried, and all have failed.' 'Yet one must succeed at last,' he said, 1 and so, farewell !' And he leaped into the torrent of the river, and swam it with great strokes. Now the maid Zinita watched mm tm was gone, and loro of him entered into h heart-a love that was fierce and jealous ai strong. But as ho wended to the Ghc Mountain TJmslopogaas thought rather ase Groan Maker than of Maid Zinita ; f ever, at the bottom, TJmslopogaas lored w more than women, though this has been t foto, that women have brought sorrow on 1 head. Fifteen days must pass before the day tho new moon, and duriug this time Ut slopogaas thought much and said littl Still, he told Galazi something of the tal and that he was determined to do battle wi Jikiza the Unconquered for the axe Groa Maker. Galazi said that he would do wi to let it be, and that it was better to Bb with the wolves than to go out seeking f strange weapons. He said also that even he won the axe, the matter might not sti there, for be must take the girl also, and 1 heart boded no good of women. It hi beon a girl who slew his father in the leran of the Halakazi. To all of which Umslop gaas said nothing, for his heart was set bo on the axe and the girl, but more on tl first than the last. So the time wore on, and at length can the day of the new moon. At the dawn that day UmslopognaB arose and clad hit self in a moocha, binding the she-wo skin round his middle beneath tl moocha. In his band ho took a sto fighting shield, which he had made < buffalo bide, and that same light moo: shaped axe with which be had slain tl captain of Chakn. 'A poor weapon with which to kill Jiki: the Unconquered,' said Galazi, eyeing askance. 'It-shall servo my turn,' answered Ur. slopogaas. Now, Umslopogaas atc, and then tin mored. together slowly down the mountni and crossed the'river by a ford, for he woul save his strength. On the farther side of tl river Galazi hid himself in the reeds, bi j cause hiB face WOB known, and there Un slopogaas bade him farewoll, not knowin i.if ho should look upon him again. Afte: I wards ho walked up to the Great Placo t Jikiza. Now,when hereacbedthegatesof th kraal, he saw that many people were streau ing through them, and mingled with th people. Presently they came to the ope space in front of the huts of Jikiza, an there the headmen were gathered togetboi Iujtho centre of them, and before a heap o the skulls of,men:.which were piled u] against his doorpost«, eat Jikiza, a huge mac a hairy and a proud, who glared about hie rolling hiB eyes. Fastened to his arm by thong of leather was the great axe Groan Maker, and each man as lie came up salute' the axe, calling it ' Inl-osiknas,' or chieftain ess, but he did not salute Jikiza. Umslopo gaas sat down with the people in front o tho counsellors, and few took any notice o bim, except Zinita, who moved sullenly to am I fro bearing pots of beer to the counsellors Near to Jikiza, on his right hand, sat a fa man with small and twinkling eyes,' win watched the maid Zinita greedily. ' Ton mao,' thought Umslopogaas, ' i Masilo. The better for blood-letting wil thou be, Masilo,' .'. - ' ? . . Presently Jikiza spoke, .rolling his eyes 'This ia the matter before you; counsellors I have 'Bottled it 'in my';mind''to give m; daughter Zinita in ' marriage''to'Masilo, bu the marriage gift , is not yet agreed upon I demand, a hundred head.of cattle fron Masilo, for the maid-is¿ f air 'and straight a proper-maid, and,'moreover, .my daughter though not of my blood. But Masilo offer fifty head only, therefore :I ask-'of you-ti settle it.' . i i ' We hear , you, Lord of the Axe,' ans wered one of the counsellors, ' but first, C Unconquered, you mUBt on this day of thi ' year, according to: ancient "cufltotn, giv< I publie challenge to any man to fight you foi I the Groan-Maker and for your pince BB chie; o? the People of tho Axe,?, - ' This is fl wearisome thing,' grumbled Jikiza. ' Can" I never .bave done in it ! Fifty-and-three have I slain in. my youtl without a wound, and now for many yean I have challenged, like a cock on a dunghill and none crow in answer.' 'Ho, now! Is there any man who wil como forward and do battle with me, Jikiza for tho great axe Groan-Maker?' To bin who can win it, it shall bo, and with it th( chieftainship of tho People of tho Axe.' Thus be spoke rory fast, as a man gabble! a prayor to a spirit in whom he has litth faith, then turned once more to talk of the cattle of .Masilo - and of the maid Zinita But suddenly Umslopogaas stood up, look- ing at him orer . the topi of ;:hisi war. shield and crying, 1 Here is one, 0 Jikiza, who wil' do battle with you for the axe-Grban-uiakei and for the chieftainship .that is to' bim who holds the axe.' "' ' Now, all:the people, laughed,: and Jikizn glared at him. - . - : ., :. ; ; ; .: . Come forth from behind that big shield of yours,'-he said. ? '.Come'forth' and tell mc your name'and lineage--yoti"who would do battle with the Unconquered for tho ancient axo.' ' ' '.'.;/.;..'.,..,. Then Umslopogaas came forward, and he looked so fierce, though' he was but young, that the people laughed no moro. . '?"What ia, my* name aud 'linengo to you, Jikiza?'he said. ' Let it bo, nnd hasten to do me battle, as" you must by the custom, forT am cager to handle the Groan-maker and to sit in your seat and settle this matter of the cattle of Masilo the Pig. "When I have killed you I will take a nome who now have none.' Now, once more tho people laughed, but Jikiza grow mad with wrath, and sprang up gasping. '.'What !' he said, ' you dare' to speak thus to ¿ie, j:ou babe unweáned, to me the Un- conquered, the holder .of tho axe ! . Never did; I think to lire to hear such talk from a long-legged pup. Ozi'to' the cättle kraal/to'. the cattle kraal, People of the Axe, that I may hew this braggart's head from bis shoulders. He wouid stand in my place, would he ?-the place that I and my fathers have held for four generations by virtuo of the axo. I tell you all, that presently 1. will stand upon his bead, and then we will ' settlo the matter of Masilo.' j ' Babble not so fast, man,' quoth TJnv ' slopogaas, 'or if you must babble, speak those words which you would soy ere you bid the sun farewell.' Now, Jikiza choked with rage, and foam came upon his lips so that he could not speak, but the people found this Bport-all except Masilo, who glanced askance at this : stranger, tall and tierce, and Zinita, who looked at Masilo, and with no love. So they all moved down to the cattle kraal, and Gnlazi, seeing it from afar, could keep away no longer, but drew near and mingled with the crowd. 