The WINDSOR MURDERER. From the daily papers we continue the narrative of horrors from the point left by telegrams in last issue. — LONDON, March 18. Deeming visited on three occasions his wife's sister after the murder at Rainhill. He explained to her that his wife and children were at Brighton well and happy. Before leaving Rainhill he caused to be sent to Plymouth a heavy box in the name of Wilson, of Prescot. The railway company had occasion to write a letter to Wilson, but this communication was returned from the Dead Letter Office. Efforts are now being made to trace this box. It is asserted that screams were heard pro- ceeding from the villa on August 10. Deeming belongs to a large family, having eight brothers and two sisters. When he returned from Australia Deem- ing stopped at the Cape, whence he brought a lion to Liverpool. At the Beverley wedding there was some display, but many of the neighbours re- garded Deeming, alias Lawson, as a pretender. The honeymoon was spent at the Station hotel, Hull, and Mr. Reynoldson was the jeweller who issued the warrant against the bridegroom. Deeming, alias Lawson, was sentenced at Hull in October. While he was in gaol it was found that he had been previously married at Birkenhead in February, 1881, and had four children. A charge of bigamy was proposed, but it was withdrawn, owing to a legal difficulty. The prisoner was released from the Hull gaol on July 16. He attempted then to re-establish relations with the Mathesons, but failed ; and then he went to Rainhill. Deeming's brother has identified the bodies found as those of his brother's wife and children, and the woman's sister has given corroborative testimony. The landlord of the commercial hotel noticed that Deeming's coat was bespattered with blood once when he visited the hotel after spending two nights at the villa, about the time of the murder. It has transpired that Deeming's wife, on arriving in England, wished to stop with his relatives at Birkenhead. but the female members of his family insisted upon her leaving Birkenhead for Rainhill. She accordingly proceeded with her children to Denham Villa, and was murdered by Deem- ing in order to enable him to carry on his courtship of Miss Mather. The pantry, it seems, was cemented by Deeming in order to escape the smell escap- ing from the bodies. Deeming had inspected several houses at Rainhill, and included a clause in the agreement, when he rented Denham Villa for permission to cement the floors It is believed that the boxes sent from Denham Villa to plymouth contained the earth which had been removed, and also the clothes of the murdered family. A box has been discovered at Falmouth, in Cornwall, containing many articles of clothing, some of which are stained with blood. These are believed to be part of those which belonged to the murdered family at Rainhill, and which were sent away by Williams. MELBOURNE, Friday. The Governor has received a cable message from the London police asking if the Mel- bourne charge against Williams fails that he be detained by the police there under the Fugitive Offenders Act. It is also requested that photographs may be forwarded, which will be done by the next English mail. It has been found that among the goods sold by Williams at the auction in Little Collins-street were some books which had been given to Emily Mathers as school prizes. The date in one is 1877, with her name partly obliterated. There is also a traveller's manual of conversation in English, French, German, and Italian. When Williams was in Melbourne, on a visit to a gentleman at Auburn, he called at Tower Hotel, Burwood road. Quietly seat- ing himself in a chair he began to fulsome- ly flatter the licensee, Miss Ann Hurley. She was astounded at the man's impudence, and told him so. He told her that he had a splendid house in Rockhampton, Queens- land, and added that she had only to say " Yes" to his offer of marriage, and he would make her mistress of his heart, home, and fortune. She declined the offer, and, to emphaise the refusal sought the assistance of a customer who was in the bar, whose appearance closed the curious declaration of love, and Deeming, whose alias was then Dawson, left. When Deeming, alias Swanston, sought employment as engineer to the corporation of Perth, one of his testimonials, recording his having served as an employee to one firm in England for fourteen years faithfully and well, was engrossed upon parchment. A Melbourne notary states that "Swans- ton" called with a copy of a testimonial, stating that he had lost the original, and asked for it to be engrossed on parchment, which was done. "JACK THE RIPPER." One of the detectives, professing some skill as an expert in handwriting, says that the letters written by "Swanston" are very similar in appearance to the note which "Jack the Ripper" sent to the London police. PERTH (W.A.), Saturday. It appears that "Swanston did not, as at first stated, address the crowd at York, but that he swore at some people for staring at him. He also spoke to two ladies on the platform, saying, "You need not look at me ladies ; I am not guilty." It was at one of the side stations that he made the remark attributed to him in the first telegram. His clothing includes a superior greenish-drab macintosh, marked "Royal Eclipe," same as worn by H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, and a thick, dove-coloured overcoat. "Swanston" will have arrived on Tuesday when a Victorian detective will have arrived. "Swanston" asked leave of the uncle of a young lady named Miss Wheatley, living at Freemantle, who travelled with him from the eastern colonies, to pay his ad- dresses to her, which was granted. His appearance when first getting out of the van was at first sarcastic and then frightened. The police here claim to have positive evidence that he is the right man from the contents of some trunks which were opened at York. HIS BIRTHPLACE. Williams was born in Cheshire and is 39 years of age. He has a thin, squeaky voice and when excited pitches it "away up to the skies" as the Yankee says. He speaks slowly, and draws his words, which are tinged with an American twang, through his nose. He generally spoke well of himself, and this fact, together with his measured utterances, were often the cause of uneasi- ness, if not actual embarrassment, to his auditors. The birth of one of his children was registered in Sydney. It states that the child was born on March 29th, 1886, at 162 Riley-street, Woolloomooloo. It was christened Marie, and Frederick Bailey Deeming, a native of Cheshire (Eng.), aged 33 years, is described as the father, and Marie James, a native of Pembrokeshire, is set down as the mother. It further states that the couple were married in Cheshire on February 28, 1880. HE WAS HAUNTED. When he first arrived in Sydney he was "taken up" by a friend who originally came from the same part of England. The latter took him to a boarding house in Middle- street, Chippendale, kept by a highly res- pectable widow. The friend also found employment for "Williams" in Tooth, s brewery ; but this position he did not hold long, having quarrelled with his superior. He afterwasds opened up a little business in Castlereagh- street, which abruptly ended in his arrest for theft, and a sentence of six months imprisonment followed. While re- siding with the widow he was always talking of his "dear wife, Marion," who he said was in England, and for whose companion- ship he longed. This lady arrived while "Williams" was in prison. He was accustomed to sleep with Marion's photograph beneath his pillow. He was remarked for his consistency in attending St. Paul's Church. The widow was even- tually obliged to get rid of "Williams" on account of his mysterious manner, and particularly for his whining complainings that "a ghost haunted his room at night time." On one occasion he rushed down stairs to his landlady, and, in a state of real or acted terror, said that he was intercepted on the stairway by the "ghost." It afterwards came to light that "Williams," who incidentally let out that the second name he bore at that time— "Bailey"' — was the name of his mother's people, stole clothing and other effects from the mate employed on the vessel that brought "Williams" here. HIS CAPTURE. The remarkable capture of Deeming (says the Evening News) in such an incredibly short space of time after the discovery of the murder at Windsor is one of the smartest pieces of detective foresight recorded in the police organisations of any country. To the New South Wales detective department unquestionably belongs the honour of the capture. As soon as the department received a wire from the Victorian authorities making the disclosure known the Sydney detectives got to work and secured the first link in the chain, which ultimately served to run Deeming to bay at the Southern Cross Gold Fields, West Australia. They got the know- ledge on their own account of Deeming's arrival in Sydney quickly, and worked it up with calmness. They traced him to the Wentworth hotel, Church Hill, where he stayed for one night. They also knew that Miss Rounsefell, of Bathurst, stayed at the hotel the same night. They discovered the friendship that was fast ripening between the couple. They traced the pair to Bathurst, and had Miss Rounsefell put under police surveillance there. The department knew when the lady was to leave Bathurst for Melbourne. The detectives found the two photos of Deeming, and established the fact that he was identical with Williams; and all this information, &c;, they were the first to give the Melbourne police. They practically completed the arrest. THE MURDERER'S LOVE LETTER. The following letter written by Williams under the name of Swanston from West Aus- tralia, was addressed to Miss Rounsefell and received by her before she left Bathurst on her happily interrupted journey to the Southern Cross Goldfields to marry the writer. On the head of the first page there is printed in blue ink with a rubber stamp the following, "Baron Swanston, M.M.S., engineer, Frazer's Gold Mine, Southern Cross, Yilgarn, W.A., Perth, 8/2/92." The letter itself reads as follows: "My -Dear Kate, — You will no doubt think me unkind for not writing to you from Adelaide, but I was in grate (sic) trouble, having had one of my bags stolen from my cabin with £130 worth of goods in it; and I have not yet found it, but I fully expected a letter from you. I did not get one in Melbourne nor in Adelaide, and I have not had one here; and I am sure dear, you can't say I am neglect- ful in writing I did not write from Albany because you would not get the letter sooner than you will this one, as there is a mail out and in only once a week. I have got your sister's wire, in which she says, "Letter posted on Tuesday," but I shall not get it to-morrow, as it is too late for the mail. It will not be here till Monday, the 10th, and as the mail is not delivered till 3 p.m., and I leave at 1 p.m., I shall not get it till Satur- day, the 20th instant, and I am longing to hear from you and to have your photo. I feel very lonely, and that would be company for me. I must now tell you, dear, what I have done since my arrival here. As soon as I got here I put an advertisement in the paper I have sent you, by which I have been appointed managing engineer at £6 per week, with house for the first six mouths, and £8/10/- per week in the future. Besides this I expect to make £3 per week. The mine at Yilgarn is about 250 miles from Perth. There is a fine town and a healthy climate, and everything that can be wished for, and comfort. You must not think that it is like Broken Hill ; far from it. As soon as you get this letter, dear, send me a wire and let me know whether you can come at once. Write by return of mail and I let me know when you will come, and when to expect you ; but if yon care only half for me as I care for you, you will not stay a day longer, but leave by the first mail. In any case wire as soon as you get this. I will have a house ready for you, and everything' arranged for our marriage on your arrival. Now don't keep me waiting, dear, so long. As we are to be husband and wife, why not let it be at once ? There will be no advan- tage in waiting. I have written to your brother to-day and told him of our coming union, and you will no doubt get a letter from him on the subject. You will think it strange, dear, me not sending you the glasses from Sydney, but I had not time to get a case made for them. It would have taken three weeks to make it. Now, you must not think, dear, that we shall remain on the goldfields all our lives. I intend to make enough money in two years to make a trip to England, so you must look forward to the same. Please to send me the Sydney paper and Melbourne, 'if you can get it. Now, dear, with love to sister, I must con- clude, from your ever loving and affectionate Baron. God bless you. P.S.—Please write as soon as you get this. I shall get your letter in ten days. B.S. route for Yilgarn : The P. and O. Steamer Oceana, Captain T. S. Tomlin, leaves Sydney for Albany on March 7 : from Albany take train for Perth (30 hours' ride), from Perth take train to York (eight hours' ride), from York to Yil- garn by coach, see papers. Cost of journey from Sydney to Albany £10, Albany to Perth £2/5/, Perth to Yilgarn £5, total £17/5/. If money is any hindrance please let me know by wire." LONDON, March 18. Albert Deeming, of Birkenhead, a brother to the man F. B. Deeming, who is believed to be identical with Williams, the alleged Windsor murderer, has testified that he had an extraordinary dream seven months ago. He declares that he dreamed that his sister- in-law and her children were murdered. The statement has caused a great sensation in Liverpool. The funeral of the victims of the Rainhill murder took place to-day, and was wit- nessed by 10.000 persons. The clothing found in the boxes which were despatched to Plymouth from Denham Villa, Rainhill, at the time of the murder, has been examined. It was found to in- clude a good deal of apparel belonging to children. Numbers of the children's toys were also found among the blood-stained clothes. Mr. Henry Matthews, Q.C. Home Secre- tary, was questioned in the House oi Com- mons this eveniug in reference to the per- petrator of the Rainhill tragedy. He stated that active parleying was going on between the police in Lancashire and the police authorities in Australia on the subject. March 19. Mary James and her sister Martha, domestic servants at Birkenhead, and who came from Pembroke, in Wales, were married to the brothers Deeming. Mary married Frederick Deeming, the alleged murderer, and Martha became the wife of Albert Deeming. Mary was a short, dark woman. The Hull police identified a portrait of Frederick Deeming as that of Lawson, who married Miss Matheson at Beverley. When in prison he stated that he was separated from his wife at Birkenhead, and that he had nuggets of gold in a distant town. He attempted to bribe several gaol officials. He was so determined and full of resource, that the governor of the gaol refused to permit him to work in the open air. His cell was repeatedly changed, and closely watched. He stated that he had travelled all over the world; that he had been in Australia, America, and Africa; and that he was a greater traveller than Stanley. The gover- nor of the gaol considered him a daring and ingenious scamp. Before leaving Hull he had his portrait taken in Masonic costume. Many of the articles of clothing found in the boxes at Plymouth were marked "Deeming." Deeming left many port- manteaux at Birkenhead, Hull, and Rain- hill. He is believed to have been a port manteau thief and burglar. At the funeral many persons wore black, and the window curtains of houses in the neighbourhood were drawn. The Vicar of Rainhill delivered a touching address at the grave. All the bodies were interred together, the funeral being conducted at the parish expense. The Deemings are people in poor circumstances. SYDNEY, Monday. It is now discovered that Deeming, the murderer, when in Sydney, attempted suicide by throwing himself under a tram motor in Elizabeth-street. He failed in the attempt and swore at the engine-driver for having promptly stopped the engine, and im- mediately afterwards tried to be run over by another tram going in the opposite direction, but his suicidal intentions were again frus- trated, and the police, it is believed, took him in charge. 