GHOSTDOM. The Society of Psychical Research con- tinues its investigations in the domain of ghosts, and the latest number of the " Pro- ceedings" contains a number of cases of a more or less uncanny character which have recently come under its notice. A few specimens of these may be interesting. JOHN BLANEY'S " GHOST." In a paper by Mr F. W. Myers on Indica- tions of Continued Terrene Knowledge on the Part of Phantasms of the Dead, the particu- lars of a case for which the writer is indebted to Lady Gore Booth, are given. Hereon, then a schoolboy of 10, was the percipient, and her youngest daughter, then aged 15, also gives a first-hand account of the inci- dent, as follows :— Lissadell, Sligo, February, 1891. On the 10th of April, 1889, at about half past 9 o'clock a.m., my youngest brother and I were going down a short flight of stairs leading to the kitchen to fetch food for my chickens as usual. We were about half-way down, my brother a few steps in ad- vance of me, when he suddenly said " Why, there's John Blaney. I didn't know he was in the house !" John Blaney was a boy who lived not far from us, and he had been employed in the house as hall-boy not long before. I said that I was sure it was not he (for I knew he had left some months previously on account of ill- health), and looked down into the passage, but saw no one. The passage was a long one with a rather short turn in it, so we ran quickly down the last few steps, and looked round the corner, but nobody was there, and the only door he could have gone through was shut. As we went upstairs my brother said, " HOW PALE AND ILL JOHN LOOKED, and why did he stare so ?" I asked what he was doing. My brother answered that he had his sleeves turned up, and was wearing a large green apron, such as the footmen always wear at their work. An hour or two after- wards I asked my maid how long John Blaney had been back in the house. She seemed much surprised, and said, " Didn't you hear, Miss, that he died this morning ?" " On inquiry we found he had died about two hours before my brother saw him. My mother did not wish that my brother should be told this, but he heard of it somehow, and at once declared that he must have seen his ghost. MABEL OLIVE GORE BOOTH. This apparition, says Mr Myers—" unless we explain it as a telepathic impression pro- jected at the moment of death and remaining latent for some hours before it attained ex- ternalisation — may possibly be taken as show- ing something of continued memory in the departed boy." A "SCENE" ON THE LAWN-. Another even more extraordinary case, sent to Mr Myers with the true names, but with a request to conceal them and some local details on account of the painfnl nature of the incident described, is the following :— Our informant, whom I will call Mrs M., writes under date 15th December, 1891 :— "... One night on retiring to my bed room about eleven o'clock, I thought I heard A PECULAR MOANING SOUND, and some one sobbing as if in great dis- tress of mind. I listened very attentively, and still it continued ; so I raised the gas in my bedroom, and then went to the landing window of which I have spoken, drew the blind aside—and there on the grass was a very beautiful young girls in a kneel- ing posture before a soldier, in a general's uniform, sobbing, and clasping her hands to- gether, entreating for pardon ; but alas ! he only waved her away from him. So much did I feel for the girl that without a moment's hesitation I ran down the staircase to the door opening upon the lawn, and begged her to come in and tell me her sorrow. The figures then disappeared ! Not in the least nervous did I feel then ; went again to my bedroom, took a sheet of writing paper and wrote down what I had seen." [Mrs M. has found and sent us this paper. The following words are written in pencil on a half-sheet of note paper : " 13th March, 1886. Have just seen visions on lawn :—a soldier in general's uni- form—a young lady kneeling to him. 11.40 p.m."] . . . " It appears the story is only too true. The youngest daughter of this very old, proud family had had an illegitimate child, and her parents and relatives would not recognise her again, and she died broken- hearted. The soldier was a near relative (also a connection of my husband's), and it was in vain she tried to gain his—the soldier's —forgiveness." (In a subsequent letter Sir X. Y.'s career is described. He was a dis- tinguished officer.) " So vivid was my re- membrance of the features of the soldier that some months after the occurrence, when I happened to be calling with my husband at a house where there was a portrait of him, I stepped before it and said, " Why, look ! There is the General !' And sure enough it was." AN APPARITION AT WESTMINSTER TOWN HALL Here is an instance where the decedent, who has been interested in an event which was closely approaching when he died, seemed to choose the occasion of that event to manifest his continued interest in the friend whom the little crisis—a theatrical performance—concerned. The account of the apparition two days after the death of the person was written down by Mr Myers from the verbal account of the precipient, and and corrected and signed by her :— 4th August, 1890. On the evening of the Saturday, 26th, 1890, I was engaged with my sister and other friends in giving an amateur performance of The Antigone, at the Westminster Town Hall. A passage led down to several dressingrooms used by the ladies who were taking part in the representation, and nowhere else. None of the public had any business down this pas- sage, although a friend came to the door of the dressing-room once to speak to some of us. I was passing, from one dressingroom to another, a few steps further along the pas- sage, just before going on to the stage, when I saw in the passage, leaning against the door-post of the dressingroom which I had left, a Mr H., whom I had met only twice, but whom I knew well by sight, and as an acquaintance, though I had heard nothing of him for two years. I held out my hand to him, saying, " Oh, Mr H., I am so glad, to see you." In the excitement of the moment it did not occur to me as odd that he should have come thus to the door of the dressing-room—although this would have been an unlikely thing for a mere acquaintance to do. There was a brilliant light, and I did not feel the slightest doubt as to his identity. He was a tall, singular look- ing man, and used to wear a frock- coat buttoned unusually high round the throat. I just observed this coat, but noticed nothing else about him specially except his face. He was LOOKING AT ME WITH A SAD EXPRESSION. When I held out my hand he did not take it, but shook his head slowly, without a word, and walked away down the passage—back to the entrance. I did not stop to look at him, or to think over this strange conduct, being in a great hurry to finish dressing in time. Next day, as a number of us were talking over the performance, my sister called out to me, " You will be sorry to hear that Mr H. is dead." " Surely not," I exclaimed, " for I saw him last night at The Antigone." It turned out that he had been dead two days when I saw the figure. It may be added that Mr W. S. Lilly states that he was present at a party when Lady M. suddenly informed her sister, Miss J., of the death of Mr H., and he bears witness to Miss J.'s extreme astonishment, and her exclama- tion, " Why, I saw him last night at ' The Antigone' !" A CASE OF "SPIRIT GUARDIANSHIP." As regards "spirit guardianship," Mr Myers thinks it need not greatly surprise anyone " if that impalpable telepathic con- nection which sometimes seems to be long maintained between two living persons were to persist after the removal of one of them by bodily death." The writer of the following, who is personally known to Mr Myers, is the wife of Colonel Wiskham, of 7 Comeragh road west :— " On the evening of 13th March, 1878, I was dressing myself to go to a dinner party at Admiralty Home, Vittorioea, Malta. I had accepted Admiral and Mrs——'s invitation much against my will, as a dear friend was lying seriously ill at Brighton. However, the latest accouts had been so cheering and hopeful that I had allowed myself to be per- suaded by my husband into going. AN EERIE FEELING WAS CREEPING OVER ME in an unaccountable manner, but I tried to throw it off, and succeeded in doing so to a certain extent : still, something made me turn my head round and stare into my husband's dressing-room, which opened into mine. I distinctly saw a hand waving backwards and forwards twice. I rushed into the room—it was empty. Soon afterwards my husband came upstairs, and I told him what I had seen, but he put it down to "nerves." As we crossed the water the cool night air seemed to revive me, and I began to laugh at myself for letting my imagination play such tricks. We got home, somehow, and I dragged my- self upstairs to my room, and commenced un- dresssing. Whilst taking down my hair I distinctly felt A HAND PASSED OVER MY HEAD AND NECK as if someone was assisting me. I told my husband—to be laughed at. I knelt to say my prayers. Instead of praying (as I had been used to do), for God to make my friend well, I, without any will of my own, proved that he might be taken out of his misery. I went to bed. Something came and lay be- side me. I clung to my husband, who tried to calm me, assuring me there was nothing there to hurt or frighten me. A COLD MOUTH SEEMED TO FREEZE ON MY CHEEK and I distinctly heard. " Good-bye, Sis, good-bye," in my friend's well- known voice. Still my husband declared he could hear nothing. I said, '' I am sure Mr Abbott is dead." My husband said I was hysterical and over-wrought, drew me towards him, and held my hand till I fell asleep—for I suppose it was a dream and not a vision I had. Be this as it may. I saw my friend come into my room ; a livid mark was across his face. He was DRESSED IN A NIGHT-SHIRT, and his feet were bare. He came and sat beside me —told me he was dead—that he had left me some mony, and before he died had wished to make some alteration in his bequest, but the end had come so soon he had not time to do so. He repeated his " Good bye," kissed me, and disappeared. I told my husband of my dream and marked the date. Five days afterwards a letter with a deep black border came to me from my friend's brother, telling me his brother had passed away at 10 o'clock, 13th March. Allowing for the difference of time, Mr Abbott must have come to me either just before or just after death. The legacy left me was as he had stated, also the fact that he had intended to make a change as re- garded it, but though the lawyer was sent for he came too late. August, 1890. These are only a few of the cases given by Mr Myers.— " Pall Mall Gazette." 