Smiles. 'Oe, papa, only £160 from Sir Gorgius Midas! Such a millionaire-why, he ought to have sent £500 at loeast!' 'Ah, I'm afraeid he forgot the " ought," my dear.' Teacher: 'Do any ot you know where Madeira ie?' Tommy: 'Yes, I know. There is some in a bottle in pa's desk.' Irate customer (in a restaurant): 'i'v been waiting here half an hour.' Hibornian water:'Haif an hour! Begor! I've been waiting here two years.' She: 'Don't you think woman can do a great deal towards elevating the stage ?' He: 'Yes. She can lower her hat.' Firatemallboy:'What does your ma do w'en you lie to her?' Second small 'boy: 'She tells pop I take after him.' A barrister came into court one day with his wig all awry, which caused a titter among his brother lawyers, on which he turned to Ourran, and said: 'Do you see anything ridioulous in my wig?' Ourran dryly answered: 'Nothing but your head.' Husband: 'What did the doctor say, Mary?' Wife: 'Not much. He askedme to put out my tongue.' Husband: 'Yes.' 'Wife: And be said "Overworked."' Hus. band (with a long breath of relief): 'Then you'll have to give it a rest. That doctor knows his business.' 'Oh,' exclaimed Miss B., 'what a olever man Mr. G. is! He is really quits a physiognomist. I was telling him last even ing that I had bscome quite profoient in painting, and he said: 'I am sure of it, madam; your face shows it.' Chorus: 'In. deed!' Agitator: 'I tell you this eight-hour work day is going to do a lot of good to the mass of employed people. By the way, Sarah, is supper ready ' Agitator's wife: 'No, my eight hours was up at half-past fire toeday.' Teacher: 'Now, what animal is it, my dear, that furnishes you with shoes to wear and meat to eat P' Little girl: 'My father, ma'am.' Temperance missionary: 'Why do you drink so much ?' Soaker: 'To drown my troubles.' Temperance missionary: 'And do you succeed in drowning them?' Soaker: 'No, hang 'em I They can swim.' She: ' Will you write to me on your re turn to college?' He: 'Why-er-you know I can't write.' She: 'Oh, I don'y expect you to write brilliantly or.amuen just writeas you talk.' Talkative passenger : 'I beg you rdon, but I think I have seenyon befor May I ask your name ' Grumpy tryi'lr: 'Urn -Smith.' Talk'ative P; f4'Oh'I wonder where I metu(OT or ',' pGIrumpy T.: 'Well, I've juet--**me out of prison-done 15 years.' , 'Is Barloqj a good shot?' FirsB rate.' 'He ne gets any birds.' 'No- but he never lnot his dog yet.' hat is the meaning of the word "luke m?"' asked the teacher. 'Johnny umeoyou may answer.' 'Water is luke warm when it looks warm and isn't.' ·*Small thanks to you,' said a plhintiff to one of his witnesses, 'for what you said in this case.' Ah, sir,' replied the latter, 'but just think of what I didn't say.' ' My dear,' said a gentleman to his wife, 'our club is going to have all the home comforts.' 'Indeed,' replied she, 'and when is our home going to have all the olub comforts?' Tomkins: 'I wish I had courage enough to propose to Sue and end my misery,' Perkins: 'That might not end it.' T.: ' How's that?' P.: 'She might accapt you.' Ethel: 'There goes Miss Sykes with a gentleman.' Oharle : 'Is that remark able ?' Ethel: 'Perhaps not; but at her age it is important.' 'Look here, Georg , I am positively tired of your talking loveV to me this way every time you call.' 'M rEry me, then, and I'11 never speak another ,word of love to you as long as I live.' Business Principles. - Watchmaker: 'What is the most: eseential feature of a oheap watchP' Brigrt apprentice: 'Its re semblance to a costly. one.' Wife: 'I declare Fred, I am almost ashamed to go out wilh this hat on. It isn't at all the fashion.' red : ' Is this Bridget's day out?' Wife: 'No.' Fred: 'Then why don't you borrow her's ?' Madame Bothschild, wife of one of the early members of this family-we believe Mr. Nathan Rotheohild-lived to be 98. On her deathbed she said to her attendant: ' Oh, dear, doctor, can you do nothing for me P' 'Nothing, madam,' he replied, 'I cannot make you young again.' 'No,' she persisted, 'I do not want that, but I should like to live to row old.' mrlggs: ' arange thngs happen. A policeman was seen walking the street at midnight recently.' Grigg: ' What was the trouble P' Briggs: 'Upon investigation it turned out that he was a somnambulilt.' The scene was a Oambridge wine party. Men were speaking of the advantages of faith and innocence, and a sentimental under graduate quoted Wordsworth's Heaven lies about us in our infanoy. ' Yes,' retorted a well-known voice, 'but that is no reason why we should lie about heaven in our old age. Young wife: ' I took great pains with that cucumber salad, John, and I hope you enjoyed it.' Husband (anxiously): ' I am afraid, my dear, that I took great pains with it too.' Amateur Soprano: 'It's just too mean for anything ! That dog'of yours howls every time I sing.' Neighbour: 'I'm very sorry, mum.' 'Why don't you atop him P' 'You see, mum, we didn't know it was that way.' 'What way ?' ' We thought, mum, that you was tryin' to spite us by singin' every time he howled.': Fashionable Youth (faintly): 'Doctsh, my-aw.head feels awfull Does grip evah go to the brain P ' Doctor: ' Bometimes.' ' I have paine rushin' around all ovah, in my arms, and handd, and feet, and everywhere.' ' That's grip.' 'What's it trying to do, doctahP' 'Trying to find your braia, pro. bably.' Nervous gentleman (who has engaged evil. looking individual to act as guide on a lonely part o[ the road): 'But, my good man, are you sure you have taken the right road P' The individual (grufly): 'I know I has; we are now close to the Bloody Gulch where a man's ekelington was found last summer with bullet holes in the skull. They tried to flz the murder on me, but (with a grin of great satisfaction) they couldn't prove nothin'. No, they couldn't prove nothin' !' A German professor was remarbably ab. sent-minded. Wheneverhe was engaged in his study solving some abstruse problem, his wife brought him his dinner. His favourite dish vae pancake and molasses. One day his wife brought him a large pancake and a pitcher of molasses, and went back into the kitehen. Pretty soon sheheard the professor ring the bell. ' Why is it F' he asked, indig. nantly, 'thit you brine me nothing to eat except molasses P' ' AohHimmel I' exolaimed the wife. 'you have in your absent-minded ness tuoked the pancake around your neck, thinking that it was a napkin.' A Scotch suitor took his betrothod's modest denial of a kiss, and refrained from extracting a kiss until after their bridal. 'Well, Jeasnie, ye canna say but I was eye a coevil lover,' he then remarked. ' Oo, ay, lad, senselessly ceevil,' was the erushiug re tort. A very poor sotor.having played the part of the ghost in'Hamlet' for many years, Baphir, thekGerman wit, on seeing him, said, 'It would be a good thing if this man gaver up the ghost, so that somebody elseo could take his part.' 