SERIES OF SHORT STORIES. | (ALL MOHTSBKSKBVBD.')"*'5 MATHILDE CARLITZ : A Tale of Modern Ksypt. «*T CAPTAIN ACTREv?SHAGGÍ'RI)1 D.S.O. I WAS iori years BO closely : aasociatèd " with CharlesT) ùnîràven'' that 'I can " rèlàtë~ève'ry thing that happened to him almost exactly as if it had happened to myself. Those who see him now a grave, stern, grey, almost middle- aged looking man, can form no idea what a lively,' <merry, devil-may-care fellow lie was in 1SS6. He had joined the Egyp- tian Gendarmerie a year "or two previous, and waa an excellent officer in every way. After having distinguished himself in an affair with brigands in some caves in the mummy- filled hills of Beni Hassan, he was granted leave for a while to come down the Nile to Cairo and recover from a sword cut he had got in the scrimmage. But as his wound waa very Boon quite well, he did not have to bother much about this, but set to work to enjoy himself as much as possible. Among other things he was very fond of riding, and very soon bought a 'couple of ? capital polo ponies and a dog-cart horse, all of which he ' stabled in a curious little lane, between Shepheards Hotel, where he stayed, and'the' bridge' which goes across the canal leading to the Shoobra Avenue and the * Mehtittab,' or railway station. They were comfortable stables, which he has had before, but he had always imagined the low houses on the other side of the very narrow lane to be uninhabited, or only used as store-houses. One evening, however, he was undeceived. He was watching Said, one of the Egyptian syces, or, grooms, .rubbing down a pony after returning from'polo, when a little furry haired dog ran out at him and began barking furiously. To his surprise a, door opened wide within ten'feet of where he stood, dis- closing a. little ' patio,' or courtyard, in which -were some* palms, and in the doorway stood a young lady, who began calling. 'Jirooko, Brooko, Brooko.' iu'a 'vain attempt to call the dog off. This young lady was attired in a very neglige attire ; in fact, at the first glance 'ib\ almost- seemed (to r D unraven as if she had'ijust risen 'from' her. bed,/f or she "was in a IOOBB wrapper, which might have been either a bed or a^dre"s.8Íug:'gówn, and her hair, which was black with a reddish tinge, hung : in^luxuriant, tresses down her ? back. Dunraven took her for a young Syrian lady, which, indeed, she much resembled, but as the dog still went on barking, her cries of ' Brooko, Brdók'ó,'"'showed 'so '^plainly' the distress to which she was reduced by its mis- demeanour, that Dunravèn'advanced towards her,1'"only3 à 'space or two indeed separating them from the first. 'Mademoiselle,' said he politely, addressing; herein .?'French and smiling, ' pray ao not worry about your little dog-.with the; strange name ,o£ ,*. Brqpko', I assure you his barking does no harm-' And, after a''pause,'he continued, reassured by her pleasant smile., 'I; hope he and, I,will be .better friends before long. But,' added he, gallantly, Thad no idea that I had' .such a charming neighbour so near my . stables, or I assure you, mademoiselle, that I should have ordered my syce not to leave such a quantity of water standing, aB they invariably do, heretofore your door in ¿the, roadway, g f' v ''I"1 know you* better than'you know me then,' answered r the , young lady smiling, and speaking French with on Italian accent ; and when she smiled he saw < how beautiful she was, and noticed, moreover, for the first time*the lovely figure which her ' gallibiyeb,' or loose,Egyptian dressing-gown, only served, to accentuate.'., if I have Jtnown -, you; for a year,' she continued naively, ' and felt in- deed sadly 16nély"when'yo'u)lást; wënt away', up the Nile,-for ..loused; to watch you every evening tlifough * the': partly, open door,' and, whentat,,length you left, I used always to feed, with¡' mig^ar the lame'horse you left be- hind, until' he íwas'8old,'a£d thenVindeéd, I did fe'ol'rather lonely,'! must own.forl had no,-one:toü talkito ,and my occupation was gone.'..,-And-os. she now. smiled at him again with her great dusky lustrous eyes, D uara ven felt inclined to curse his stupidity that he had'never befdre'found out this voluptuous, beautiful girl's proximity. '-Ah ^mademoiselle,', he said, ' would ,that I bnd,JiDOwn.a year, ago .that I had such a oharming neighbour ; but now that I have foiind it out yöü'will let me come'and thank you some time or'other for your kindness to my lamo horse, will you not?' This was a lame^'enóughlieicuse for; continuing' the acquaintance certainly, but any peg serves to hang a hat on;!and when two'people are both .young, passionate, and good-looking, a larne horse that;¡has been fed .with sugar, a pool of water in a roadway, or a little , dog that barks, are one and- all good enough excuses:¡for.' such 'a purpose. Anyhow,' the7 acquaintance was/ begun. 'But before they separated the lovely girl said. laugh- ingly, 1 YeB,'you may como and see me some time when' I am .inore appropriately dressed to receive you than I am now, but you must not call me « mademoiselle though," but madame, for I am a widow. A widow 1 that, young ardent-looking girl a widow.!- Butso it was, ' Matilda JlCarlitz'was, although only eighi¿^'jym^jbU^',thp'jyríáoyr' of a Üal£ Austriáñ'&álf- ItalianV'frotó 'Triete, and the charming ; little ?; house in which ; she .lived, with no other companion but an old and withered-looking ''Italian ' servant, "was her own property.,., To cut' a long, story short. Charles.¡Dunraven and the .lovely'girl soon fell passionately in love with each other, and as-'both were independent and. they had no one'"tö;rcoiisult jbut their own 'inclinations^ the'inévitable /result was "a1 liaison''between them. , .Charles. became sb'' attached to the lovely widow that we soon missed him, daily, from his haunts,''the'Turf .Club .and the much i frequented ¡afternoon lounge on, the vRraiidah of SheDhe'a'id's Hotel, and.'indeed. soon we missed him from . . the-hotel alto- gether,'for he had cleared out, bag and baggage; vand with the exception of myself, nobody, knew where he" had' gone tb live, and "thus his time passed until his leave was getting* on-.towards a close, and he was' thinking of soon returning, up the Nile to AHso_tian.r/.'One day, : when Dunraven had been^playi^ polo, he came, -aa'-in 'the days gbrie-'by, »to' laugh'and chat: a- bit on the verandah , at^ Shepheard's, as ho was riding home from the_ polo ground at Gizireh. I had not. seen-him for. some timo, so I chaff-, ingly. askedhimii hewasihappy., Í Happy!! Baid:;he.,':;,pidiman,I am {ustvliving in lal heaven of.perpetual.blueV'.withnever a cloud on the^horizon 'except! my approaching de parliúieüp^ 'the;'NUèi'whiéh,''Wwev'er, I will not allow myself to think of,' ""ííOhj'that's*all. right," said I, somewhat brütally.i ¿then" I' supposé' the.Tival hasn't turned up yet.'" ' 1 ' ' :?*?*"-<????> ' BivnV!' fsàid; Charles; scornfully.s >>.' Blval with ¡my heavenly.little/"Mathildeil Why, many, tbejtting'i impossible;(ï'rTo'*bégin\with, she never, speaks, to a man except myself and an old uncle; who , treats nie most paternally: \- V -i- i J i. .. - ^ , ,. V .". .' " and, to go on with-well, she would never look at the fellow, even if he were there.' ' It you wöre there, 1 expect you, mean, old ¿hap .'but if yon were away, as you will be soon, who knows ?¿ Women are very fickle creatures, you know, and even lovely Italian girls may be glad of variety, like other people.' . . "t ' Oh, shut up, old fellow, and don't talk rot !' said Dunraven testily, and he called to his syce to bring his pony across the way from where it waa standing under the arches opposite, then he mounted hastily and clattered off up the street. That very even- ing,'when he got to the little house in the lane, " he' had an unpleasant surprise. ' He found a very handsome but dark and repel- lent-looking Italian gentleman sitting with Mathilde, drinking Arabic coffee in the patio, or courtyard. He was introduced to him as her cousin, Signor Lorenzo di Car- lotta. They hated each other from the very first, for this event coming so soon after his conversation with me. Charles Dunraven scented a rival the second he saw the man ; and the cousin hated him also, for he could but seo that he was' distinctly the man in possession, and he had-so we heard later been an adorer of Mathilde Berlitz's for several years. This Signor Carlotti had jùBt come down the Nile from Assiout, which is, as everyone knowB, the terminus of the Nile railroad which runs south from the Boulak Dakroor Station, and which is the most im- portant city in Upper Egypt. It is an odd thing, however, to chronicle hero, but there are. along the course of tho Kile no loss than three different ' lines of rail' at various points, all utterly disconnected ' with one another, as many a British soldier learnt "to his;COst during ;the.-.recent Nile expedition. Por to have to load and unload, baggage and stores' about'six: times over.'was the 'unpleas- ant' result of this state of . things, which caused many deep- toned .curses on the part of I Tommy Atkins.' One of these railroads that, which ..skirts the first cataract at Assouan, is only seven miles in length, and goes from the landing 'stage'at North End to Shellal, which is'over' against the island of Philfp, so celebrated for it* ruins. But, apparently, the Freneh soldiers of days gone by had more time to stop and examine those ruins than-had our own, troops, for their names may be seen, accompanied with'datés of the beginning ¡ of. the century,, scribbled about..on every stone of interest that is within reach upon the magnificent pylons.' Another Nile railroad begins at "Wady Haifa, just below the Second Cataract, and extends for eighty-seven* miles through the most awful barren' country the heart of mau can conceive, its termination' being at Aka sheh. There now, a'as! the festive Dervish roams unheeded, and the shriek of the steam horse is nb longer heard. But ' revenons à nos moutons,'. . . Dunraven sat and glared at Signor de Oarlotti, ' while the handsome " Lorenzo glowered in turn at Dunraven, until polite- ness, accompanied by various hints from Mathilde > as to the lateness of the hour, compelled the Italian to take his departure. This .he did not do, ho wever, without a part- ing sarcasm'at his rival. * It appears, my fair1 cousin,' said he scornfully, 'that'the lateness of . the hour docs not apply to the English officers of the Egyptian Gendarmerie! but I suppose, ,tbat is because their police duties make their presence necessary to pro- tect the' honour of our ladies,?' . Dunraven sprang forward with the intention of striking the insulting" Italian, but Mathilde laid '" a restraining hand'upon his shoulder,-and made him''curb > his ¡ fiery temper. Herself she answered ,her cousin. " With, flashing eyes she said, ' If, cousin^ Lorenzo,/.you have learned no better maimers up at Assiout than to;come hero arid insultjne'arid my guests, all L can say is that the sooner .you return to Assiout, the better. At any rate,you need not darken my doors again.,. .With'a curse, Cárlotti turned, ? and muttering something between his teeth, left the house. ¡After he . had. left, Mathilde, springing to her'lover's armsi'commenced to weep passion- ately.. . ' OhJ' said she, ' curse the mischance that brought'Lorenzoto my house while you were here. ' !3?dr he will kill you ! he will certainly kill you ? I know LIB wicked heart -^I know his cruel bloodthirsty natured If only to be revenged. on me, whom he has . persecuted with his attentions for so long, bo will'murder you to . break my heart. And I, what 'shall I'do.' And the beautiful' girl broke' down in a regular torrent of) tears j , she seemed, quite beside herself, with grief? ' Ñonsense,'mia' carissima', Mathilde,' replied Dunraven soothingly.' 'Have nothing to fejir from that beggardly Italian.. How can he -hurt me ?'; I am more than a match for him." Ppr in' all; the pride ' of being 'ari Englishman,' he forgot'that ;his lo'vë herself was an Italian girl, as,he proudly drew him- self-up and clenched a hand, in. which, in imagination,' he already gripped his rival by the .throat. UuVMathilde, still weeping) never noticed the slight to '.herself as " she replied.,.. f.Oh, it is not, that ,ybú ; are not a match for him, and more.than a match for him, if only you had his open antagonism to dread ;,,but you will have treachery to con- tend against-the poisoned cup or. tile assas- sin's dagger, that is what you will have to fear!' Charles Dunraven continued to try and soothe her fears, but it must be confessed that the result of her,words was in a degree, tp make him feel somewhat uneasy in him self,""although" he" carefully concealed* this ' malaise' from his ; lovely, sweetheart. For one may well be a/strong and ? a brave man, but who can feel quite comfortable when he j has been warned1 never to touch a cup of coffee without carefully sniffing at it first to see-ïf.Jt^smèlls 'poisoned,^ and never to. go round a street corner without carefully glancing backwards over your shoulder, to, see- if a dagger's point is not in dangerous proximity to the small of your-back? And this is the sort bf life Charles led for about a' week, for Mathilde constantly and anxiously ; renewed her warnings to him to him tb be ever on the lookout for treachery of some kind. But nothing happened, and at the end, of. a week matters improved.' The old uncle who'was Mathilde's almost sole Visitor, and who seemed to look-dn D un- raven'almost as a son,' came in one morning with the joyful intelligence- that'Lorenzo, di Carlotti had departed oncé more "to his avo- cations up the Nile at Assiout. -, And thus an incubus-which had been .certainly irk- some-to Charles himself and. a matter of terrible anxiety to Mathilde, was removed. And once more the pure oval of the volup- tuous' little' Italian face 'was' constantly suffused with bright and happy smiles ; and once again-those soft bright lustrous eyes contained nothing but the merry mischieviouB laughter of ono who is almost always happy ". and never tirod ot teasing her lover. JFor Mathilde's Btyle of beauty was eminently [ a joyous one ; and during the, fow visits I , was privileged to pay her and drink a little cup of Egyptian coffee in her company, I was always struck by the constant but some- what mocknig. sanie-the smile of a aegulor ? . . .. . -. , _.,r tease-that for overhung about herdelicious little mouth. But, bye the. < bye, ¡what a But, by ithe bye. jwhat/alhabit that: ¿ame coffee drinking becomes in Cairo. Coffee drinking and cigarette smokings in« season and out of season,' is indeed - the rule of Egypt., "Wnether ; it is tho Khedive you go to see in his palace, pr the shopkeeper m the Khan-Kba iii Bazaar, if you pass from department to department throughout all. the Government offices, or if you visit your most intimate friend-man or woman--in the quietness of a secluded home, everywhere alike are the tiny little Vfingans' or coffee cups instantly produced, the fragrant Arabic coffee poured out, and the cigarettes offered at the same time. ' But this habit of perpe- tual coffee drinking never seems to do any .ne any harm. Everyone, native or Euro Îiean does it from five a.m. till midnight or ater, and no one is the worse for the custom. At length came the time for Dunraven to be off again up the Nile to his distant post .at Assouan, which is five or six days' journey by steamer further ' south than Assiout, on the borders ' of Nubia, and chiefly inhabited by Nubians or Berberenes, and not by Egyp- tians proper. Picturesquely enough situated among its palm treeB, it is,"nevertheless, a thoroughly dreary and unhealthy spot, where, alas! many a British'soldier is laid in his last resting place, and it is, moreover, a town which at the time of my story, if we except the buildings built by the Egyptian Govern- ment for its officials, scarcely possessed a house fit, for a European to live in. 'As Dunraven was to be in oharge of the Gendar- marie at Assouan,; he would himself be pro- vided with a more bf "less" uncomfortable official residence, but he came to me. one day in a great state of distress about Mathilde, who was begging him to allow her to accom- pany him. ? Of course, he had assured her that this was ' an; impossibility in every way, but equally, of course, poor Mathilde insisted, like Buth, that where he could go she could go"; for what woman, especially a woman in love, and devotedly so, was ever yet known to listen to reason ? But it was not so much as from fears for his safety. She had, BIIO said, had .all, kinds of distressing dreams of possible dangers' that menaced him,-especi- ally with' reference ' tb 'Lorenzo her cousin, and she had also dreamt that she it was, and she. alone, who .would be, able to. avert the danger, and she believed in dreams. There-' fore in spite of Dunraven's constant refusals to listen tb her| prayers, to allow her to accompany him, she ' still begged him to let her*go up to Assouan with him,' if only to return at once after his arrival. ' i She urged strongly that, if he was afraid' bf her com- promising him .in', his. official position,,'she would go disguised .as an Arab,,!woman. Veiled in the Egyptian fashion' she would pass for' one';'bf his 'own syce's wives;1 'she would live too, like an Arab, and as 'she1 spoke Arabic identically , like, a native, no one on earth would ever suspect her identity, m But still she urged in vain, for in addition to all the disadvantages of her going up to Assouan 'at all, Dunraven, who really loved her devotedly, was terrified on account of her health, there being just then a raging epi- demic of typhoid fever at several places along the bankB, and the telegraph reporting'quan- tities of deaths as daily, occurring at Assouan. I never saw a woman so devotedly and pas- sionately in love iri my ¡Ufe. 'It was most touching. , To my surprise she even came to me one day in.my. rooms at Shepheard's Hotel to beg, me..to.,try to move lier lover. It was almost impossible to believe that the beautiful young; lady 1 who . came - to me dressed in" the '[very"' smartest', and latest Parisian style, with . tho most 'coquettish bf creations in,the,shape..bf a tulle'bonnet, waB really most anxious to disguise herself in the hideous dress of an Egyptian woman, and all for the ,sàkë: bf ;lóve. *But so it was. ; She threw herself at my feet, she clasped my knees, she. kissed my hands while the , hot tears rained'down upon them-until, quite gained , over, I1 felt for the moment that Dunraveii. was a positive brute not to ' let Mathilde ? accompany' him, and I weakly vowed that ? I would persuade him to do BO. Impulsively, the lovely creature/sprang ; to her feet, .threw her arms round my neck, [ arid kissed me on the lips. It .was the most innocent action in the world under the cir- cumstances, and I shall cherish the; memory of that'kiss tb my dying day. I don't know what the upshot of it all would , have' beon,, but circumstances eventually made it impos- sible for Charles to take'her.~ ''He was sud 'denly ordered off the next day after our interview, and instead of going up the Nile by train'to :Assiout, ordered to go up .with some officers and soldiers in a steamer that was starting from the/Kasrel-Nil Bridge, that evening. I He scarcely had time to say good-bye to Mathilde and embark, and none to! make any: definite arrangements with. her. I drove her back in an ' arabiyeh' from the steamer, when she was very pale and deter- mined-looking, and her.eyes which: glittered brightly, were quite tearless. Indeed she had, to my great surprise^ parted from Dun- raven with the greatest composure, a'com-, posure which, ';! think, must have 'alarmed him, so different was it to her usual pas-' alónate impulsiveness. It certainly astonished mo. I' left' her at her own house, and then, with great regret said farewell,'j for I had. to go |down to Alexandria ' on duty next day. Andthat ' was the'last"-timo"I'saw her. . I must now pass over ¡the incidents of Dun raven's voyage up the Nile to Assiqut, where he changed into one of Cook's Nile steamers,' going further south, and I will indeed carry.' jhim right bn| four days' journey or so further south, tbi Iiuxbrj'; sq .celebrated for,its own magnificent : ruins, ; arid for the stupendous ruins of Karnak, about a mile away, these latter, indeed,; being the most wonderful remains of antiquity that the whole j world possesses. . l f ?. ; The.steamer had been crowded with people! of all classes and nationalities, arid Charles Dunraven hailed with relief the idea of, getting ashore .and away from tho motley crew for a night, as he had secured robins, ' by wire in advance, at the excellent Luxor Hotel,/ ;. A great- many other passen-, gers also disembarked at Luxor, and a's they were all going over the aide together, Dun- raven remarked audibly-to an acquaintance, 'I shall stroll up- to Knrnack after dinner to- night and look'1 at'/the temple by moon- light. Do you care'tb come?' ' Not I, faith,' replied-the other; . the ruins have a bad' reputation after dark. They say they are haunted,'not pnly by'the ghosts of dead arid gone Egyptians, but also by brigands.' ' Oh !' laughed Oharles, ' is that all ? Well, thank goodness, I' am not in the least afraid of spooks, arid as for brigands, those gentry are not very brave about here, and after the lesson we gave them recently at Beni Hassan, my orio Gendarmerie coat and my ' tar bush * or fez would scare away a whole army of them, BO I shall go alone. I am rather: fond o£ solitude in rums.' According, there'-' fore, to his determination, that night Charles,' 8tacted'.'.alöne/jortiie -ru/taB.'',:He knew the way .well, an&-]^]3gptiäa 'unil%mj^i~a \- », .T.. ."^ k, I..-; "? . . , ?-1-,?: . i ? Gendarmerie Bey, deterred any bf the uauál Arab loafers about; the hotel from maleuting, íánd pestering him with offers, of their uom1-' pauy, especially as he had a small detached gendarmerie post in the place itself, the com- mander of which, a Herguaut-major, had reported himself immediately on bis arrival. Dunraven had simply told the ' basb sha'wesh,' or, sergeant-major, to carry out his usual patrols and to leave business till the, morrow morn, and had then, started. He wore his sword iu a brown leather ' Sam Browne': belt, but had no other weapon. Slowly sauntering along in the glittering moonlight of that lovely night, he had gained the celebrated avenue of sphinxes almost j before he was aware he had started. His thoughts were far away down the Nile with his dear Mathilde, and: through the thin wreaths of his cigaretae smoke he almost imagined he saw her sweet image floating above him, as it were in a halo floating on a background of cerulean blue. Suddenly, just as he reached the last aphinx of all, that which was juBt "on the edge of the Bombre shadows cast by the weird columns of the mighty temple into which he was about to plunge, he was disagreeably aroused from his reverie. From . where she was sitting on the sandy ground, leaning against this sphinx and apparently dozing, an Arab beggar woman jumped up and accosted him. She wore as her sole garment nothing but a loose dark blue gallibizeh, or blouse,' the' usual garment of the fellaheen women.' Her face'was veiled with'the usual black' veil and gold nose-piece worn by the lower orders,' and her feet and arms, which were bare, ?bone with , the greater , contrast , in ..the moonlight on account .of the',sombre hues' of ber attire. Dunraven 'started, sur- prised, .but: ! the words,--,'iAmal marouf ya Saadat el - Bey iddini wahed . gharsh' 'Pray ..,his excellency the Bey >to.;give mb one; piastre.') uttered .in the usual.,whining tone beggars everywhere adopt,, showed him at once what he had to deal with. : 'Feeling annoyed at being arousod from his pleasant, thoughts, ho was going ; to pasB . on heedless of her, when she springing forward/and. clasping'-him, by ; the - arm, -recommenced volubly and loudly, ; '. For: the love-,of. God,. fivé me a piastre-for the love of :tue-Prop-.. et, Bey, give me one . piastre.!-only-one piastre.*''And then, to his infinite surprise, bb heard interspersed, ' sotta-voce,'-between the! hnrsh'Arflbioigutturals.-ithe -rwords >of lové ¡whispered in softest Italian) '-It- ia I, Carlo mio, thy Mathilde Carlo miOí» To ti arno, b'iit go not within the ruins-to-night,' , for, God's sake.'-« Then continuing in Arabic again loudly, sherecommenced bégging,;'Give me a" piastre,' Beyv'only 'one"piastre.' Then once more 'another whisper'in/' Italian. . Loosen' swiftly " thy sword in its"«heath, Carlo mio. ' I followed thee in'the steamboat from Assiout," and have overheard a plot to aláy thee. Get ready, therefore ! /Only one piastre, "for the f orgiyenesB; of the Holy Prop- het Mahomed';'one piastre to the poor fellah woman.'. In Italian again--' There ¿re throe of them, Loronzo and two Arabs. They aie armed withsworda-he hasapistol, !A piastre Bey, one piastre.. By Hassan, and!Hussein, give,me a piastre. 'Do not mind me, Carlo, I am safe. They think I am only an Arab beggar girl trying to decoy you into tho temple, and they have offered me money to do so, but go thou not in, keep rather thy back to that wide column.' -And she con- tinued in softer Arabic, ! A piastre,. Boy, only a piastre,' and then Miriam,' : surnamed the .beautiful, will, guide thee round- the temples in the sweet moonlight, and, who knows, perhaps, as there is no one . there, but she may even show unto thee her face in some of the inner recesses. ' Yes) Bey, the face of Mirian el quiesa, Miriam the lovely ! Think bf it, Bey !' whispering again: ' Put not thy hand in thy pocket,' Carlo, for even an instant, for they are watching thee. Bo ready.' And-so' it'? went on : the faithful, devoted girl, warning'her lover.-: while pre- tending all the time to act as a decoy. - Sud- denly a loud rough voice was heard, explain- ing impatiently, 'Bus ya bint' imshi.warra ! ' 'Enough, girl! Get thee behind'there!' And Lorenzo di Carlotti emerged from behind a pillar, while two trusculent-looking Arabs rushed straight upon Dunraven with drawn swords. With a scream Mathilde sprang aside, but purposely she fell in front of the leading one of the Arabs, in such a way that he in'turn tripped over her and fell headlong at Charles's'feet, where'he stood with his back to the column. 'They were, he saw, three to one. It was no time therefore, to i think' of chivalry tp; a fallen 'foe.j'His 'good sword, a splendid weapon by Wilkinson; flashed brightly in'the moonlight) andas the Arab strove to rise lie clove him through" 'his turban to the chin, and then' instantly turned to engage his second foe, a stalwart and sturdy negro, ' who handled his, sword .both bravely and in a skilful manner. Mean- while, Mathilde had " herself crept ' away behind Lorenzo, who held a nickel-plated revolver in his hand, and who stood,, with a' sardonic grin, watching the fight between the well matched /pair, while , listening with pleasure to the clashing steel. Ile thought the ÍBSUO was certain, for he had his revólver to back his, hench man up with. Presently, the negro, gave Charles.a severe cut on his left elbow, and, the red,blood could ¡be seen staining his white jacket and dripping to. tho ground..'' Afarim! (-Bravo.!") Said, Afarim!' cried-Lorenzo. ' But now be careful, Said, my i'riend, and thou hast him at thy- mercy.i .Gordon Pasha did not surely; decorate, tbee in vain for ¡ thy : prowess 'in swordmanship. Thou shalt surely kill the dog directly.' , The negro grinned, and the fight continued. Charlie soon felt himself getting weaker from loss of blood; But he kept his head.: He felt ' himself over-matched in - strength, indeed, but he determined to try skill. He made suddenly a feint at the Arab's head. As the negro warrior raised his sword to, protect his head, Charles avoiding all : con- tact with his blade, continued his downward cut with a continuous sweep outwards, which he changed into an upward cut, the1 old cut three, at the enemy's wrist, as.'in' the bid' infantry sword, exercise. ...'This- ruse was successful. Tho Arab, in raising his hand, had left his wrist exposed,' and Dunraven1 s keen blade, meeting it, nearly severed it in twain..'. With a yell the negro dropped his sword, and even UB he did so Charles spf ung forward, and delivered'what is known as the second point, which'his sword being a straight weapon, completely transfixed him through the chest.' He fell, but Dunraven, exhausted,, fell with him and could' not withdraw his' blade. At this mbmentCarlotti, advancing a pace, raised his revolver and was about to blow his rival's brains out where he lay, when an unexpected event occured to mar his laud- able intention. The sham Arab decoy girl sprang upon him. from behind and clasped him firmly round both- arms. He was pinioned, to fire with effect was impossible -rroné". barrel,''./'inHteaï'';aetuàlly. exploded accidentally. ;'At'¡th'é:,samé' time the Arab docoy girl cried out loudly f. Carlo, mió I the I Arab's' sword 1 Take the 'Arab's av?ord, Carlo, mib.' '"With av curso, 'Lorenzo recog- nised his cousin Mathilde's voice, and vainly struggled to 'fn-é h'imà'elE'ffoui' her. ' She1 clung, hinvevpr, wiih a force that VÍO,S double -nay, treble bur-ordinary, strength- with the force of despair. ; Dunraven''had taken the Arab's sword,' but to1 assist Mathilde was impossible, He could* not" strike without wounding her. Suddenly, with a desperate wrench, Lorenzo,' di Carlotti toro himself free from ber grasp! 'and, instantly turning on her With an oath,' fired at' her point blank, and she fell., But even as she did so she was ayenged,'for with'a tremendous:blow of the negro's curved' scimitar, delivered at the very same iustant, Dunraven completely decapi- tated the Italian, whoso head flew off, and before, its last curse had, well left its lips, was. rolling on the ground beside his victim. The frightful final bath was actually only completed bn the ground) .His headless body, .still holding the smoking revolver, remained weirdly poised for a moment, and then fell heavily in the. opposite direction, the contraction of the muscles bf the fingers oiploding another chamber of the revolver as it did so.. ,. > ' " 'And just' at that moment.the Sergeant major of Gendarmerie and a patrol 'of four mien,1 attracted by the Round bf shots, ap- peared upon, the ; ghastly..;scene!'' For the Sergeant-major was an Egyptian and au eye servant, and had therefore gone out with the patfoI hlmHolf with the full intention bf meet- ing' ".the Bey" and of showing .him what a zealous and good gendarme he, was. For he hoped thus to become soon made a " mulazim thani," or second lieutenant. He did, indeed, find theBpy,."not! perhaps, . indeed/'quite as ,be hadbxpected to, but surrounded by dead; and [dying''people.-- . And- he. has also since become a mulazim thani; but it is for the tenderness and care with' which he conveyed Mathjide to the, hotel,'whereby; her life was! preserved, that he obtained that distinction;, I Foi' she .waB taken back alive. .' Now,i there i was a good old' lionian' Catholic priest at the Luxor Hotel, and'when Mathilde had re- covered consciousness, feeling that she was likely to die, she confessed all her Bins to him. He said, kindly and confidently, it was not yet , too, late,to make reparation, and asked. Charles with great dignity' bf demean- our'if he did not think he ought,to marry her in order that she might die happy and go toih'eavbnV." Marry her,", cried Charles with tears in his* eyes, " that will: I most willingly do-^-but. not/that, she ;n>ay die, happy, but that, please Grbd,' she may live so." ¡ ; And she lived ! But'Dunraven' has" never quite got over that' night,' and the anxiety he felt about Mathilde then, it had," in ,'fact,';before the dawn brokej-aged him by atleant tendeare.-, 