\- A MAD SPECTRE. By Phan Phantom, "Any ghosts, wraiths, spooks, spectres or other representatives of your defunct.:ancestors here. abouts ?" I asked the question of my friend, Augustns Dan forth, as we seated ourselves before a blazing fire in the stately library of the grand old gray stone pile which had recently come to.him by inheritance, and which I now visited for the first time, "I can't speak from personal knowledge," he laughed, "having- had no experience with the gentry, but, tell it not in Gath, publish it not in Askelon, or every servant would quit the place without an hour's notice-if tradition speaketh correctly, there are half a dozen, more or less, closeted about the house somewhere, though, as they are not disposed to disturb my nightly slumbers, I don't propose to hunt them out, and they are wel come to possess in peace." We had both seen, read, heard, and, best oE all, thought much since we last met, and we thought of manythings that night: of things seen and unseen; of the natural and the supernatural;' of the body terrestrial and the body celestial. We talked of old friepds and old times, and at my request Dan forth gave me a brief account of his ancestry, names, characters.and eccentricities included. The night itself was cod?eive to good fellowship; all the four winds-of heaven were roaring and rol licking in the wide-mouthed chimney, and capering in and out the gables and cornices, whistling through the keyholes and thrashing at the leafless oaks and giant elms in a regular high-daddy, witches' frolic that reminded one of " Ingoldsby" in his gayest mood. The full moon held high carnival amid the flying send that occasionally obscured her brightness, and now looked calmly down upon the animated scene. A large grey owl sat perched on a swaying branco an.? asked his monotonous question at every ap propriate interval. We stood. looking out of the French window for a moment before senarating for the night, Danforth remarking that a storm was brewing, the moon being partially obscured by a watery haze and enveloped in a circular night-cap as if for nrotection. " You and the spooks will have it all to your selves; this is the' only room that is occupied on this side the house," he said .as he bade me good. night on the landing. .' All right," I responded; " if they cut up very rough I'll sing out, and you .can come to the rescue." . I was dog tired after my long?jonrney, though I hadn't realised it until now, and gave but a hasty glance round the room, merely noting its size and comfort, before turning in, and in 'five minutes was in that mystical lani Iwhere the mind wanders at will; uiintrammelled by the body. ? Imayvhave slept an hour, perhaps longer, when I -was aroused by, or became conscious of, a sound in the room resembling that' made by a rapid plaTer of the bones. For a time I struggled with the drowsiness that possessed me, but as the sound con tinued and increased I gradually woke up to the significance of it, and opened my eyes. As I did so the moon emerged from a cloud, and a long, bright stream of silvery light fell across the floor. Just in.the very centre of the radianaclI saw a sight that made my heartthnmp like a trip-hammer for a minute, until I reflected that no one had ever heard of a spectre- doing any-real damage to anyone, and determined-to pluck up courage. My ghost was none of the ordinary kind, I would have you to understand, being no more or no less than a gibbering skeleton. In itself this was quite enough to arouse a feeling of curiosity, if no stronger emotion, but add to it; the fact that so tar from standing upon its pedal extremeties, as any well conducted ghost would do, it was carefully balanced on its hands, with its feet in the air, and the head elevated like a turtle, and wagging from side to side when I first perceived it, and fuithermore that it started off into a variety of contortions to which double somersaults and the hop, skip and jump s?ts were the mildest .prelude, and you have a faint idea of an odd, not to say striking, perform. ance, , ' . 3my tongue clove to the roof of my mouth for a few moments, and then I summoned the courage to ejaculate , Hellos I" in a decidedly weak voice. The spectre, oz skeleton, paused instantly in a pirouette -upon the right hand index finger and faced me, head tilted upward, and grinning hor. ribly. " ?hau't "do it," a weird voice returned. "I helloed once with a-vengeance, though, but it had no effect except to wake the echoes and frighten the rats." - - - 1 "I beg pardon," I ventured, "'I didn't think you could talk." "'Why notl ·Tbere's no law against it, Isup. -pose," be chattered., : " Ohl no, of coursenot I - Btut you see most peop:le require.a tongue for that sort of tliing."' " That's where I have the advantage of you,. I have a tongue, and it can wag as fast as another man's, too, only I haven't used it for so long that it's a trife rusty. I have eyes, apd flesh, and blood, and nerve and muscle, only you are blind and can't see them." "You don't say I Why, your bones look as dry as--se a haystack.'' S-Well, so they are, but I still invest them, and shall until they crumble away as. my other material part has; then I shall be all spirit, with a body of a difterent kind." ' " Gracious t I don't mean to be disrespectful, I assure you--but--who are you; anyhow 1" "I might ask you the same question with a better grace, since I find you intruding upon my privacy; but no matter; you're not 'to the manor born,' or -yon wouldn'tissI': everyone with the slightest'pre tensiohns to -relationship has heard of the :Madi Baron. I'm his spectre, and.every whit as mad now as I was when they dubbedme eo, yet I amn as sane as yOurupelf; everyone is more orless mad, you ,know,.-' " ' i"'So they calledyou mad, eh? What for 2" " Why, you see, my mother died when I was born, and what with missing her, and with inherit. ing her weakly constitution, and one thing and an other, I was a puny youngster, and exercised my lnngs to such good purpose that my nuire spent the major part of her time in trotting and dandling me upon her capacious knee. Now this might have been all right for the ordinary young one, but you see it:was different with me; I was feeble and my bones were hollow, so that my brains gradually settled down to the lowest point and lodged in my heels. Of course no one knew of this, or they might have hung me up by the heels and set me to rights. I wasn't conscious of it myself until Icame to an age where I beganto reason, and then I set to work to remedy the trouble. A man can't be strictly sensible with his brains upside down, so I began to practice walking upon my head, or hands, rather; and as soon as I was inverted, and my brain in its proper position, I was all right. Folksbegan to look at me askance after that, though, and finally I was fastened up here and never allowed to go out." - " The deuce I I mean-that was pretty hard on you, especially as you were quite sane. I hope you don't mind my being here ?' "Not at all; I rather like it, if you don't object to my little eccentricities. I must have some exercise." "Certainly, but why choose the night?" P' "I haven't any spite against the present occu pant, and it would be sure to make trouble with bervants and children, if there are any, if I were to appear in the daylight; besides, I always preferred this time, Many a time' and oft I have gone tumblipg into my 7ounger brother'a rggm--g ai~r ;waiting for my shoes, and wailing eagerly, too-in the dead of. night;: and frightened him half to death. Although they shat me up I always con trived to get out, and gave them no end of trouble to the very last, I was helped off, finally, you know.'.' "Thc'ddi--whbt do you mean?" "Why, helped to shuffle off the mortal coil,'. " You don't mean it 2" " Yes, I do'; it was strychnine, the most diaboli cal poison'ever invented. My brother. slipped as easiWy.into my shoes, as. if they had been made to6 his measure, but something troubled him, and after a long time he came to the family vault one dark, night, and opening my narrow prison house rifled. itof my bones and took them home. After placing them in the large closet over,there he. locked :the .door, and next day I overheard workmen'cementing. the oracks, and it has never been opened from that day to this; in fact, the door-knob was removed,.. and, it has always.been considered as no more or less than a panel. But, bless you, they can't chain spirits, eten those partially trammelled by the material, with bolts and bars. .I stood by my.. brother's bed or gibbered 'on the footboard every night of his sinful life, until I think he would have been glad to die, except that he was afraid of what came after. Sometimes he stretched out his hands and pleaded with me to go away and-leave him in peace; and once he leaped outof bed and implored' me to kill him and end it all, But I was notquite bad enough for that. I went away then and .he died soon after. I haven't sought to find him since; naturally lie doesn't care to linger about, the= scene of his crime, and-on the whole-perhaps he suffered enough-helloa I what's that ? Daylight, as I'm i skeleton Well, good-day I" And he vanished into thin air in the twinkling of an ey?. ; "Ever taken a good look around the unoccupied: side of the house ?" I inquired carelessly, the next day, after discussing a hearty breakfast with Dan. forth. - "No; suppose we go over it together this morni ing," he suggested, as we rose from-the table and lit our eigars, - " Agreed," I returned, and we strolled about for' several hours, poking into all sorts of nooks and corners, and discovering a secret passage from. one room to another in the most innocent looking panel in the world. " By the way," I said,'" isn't it a little strange that in so large a room as that I occupied last night there is no closet ?" "Strange enough, I should think. Are you sure, though 2" i " leasonably," I said it with a mental reservation. " Let us examine into it,' quoth Danforth. He went to work, looking carefully all along the wall. After a moment he paused. - "LBy Jove I Dick," he:called out, "see here that's cement, sure's you're alive;'I can pick it out with my knife; keep still, though, and we'll sec what's inside in a brace of shakes," After two. hours of hard work I stood back while;: Danforth pried opaer the door with a chisel. .Atalli skeleton fell clattering down upon the floor. - "The deuce I" cried Danforth. "The mad spectre of the Mad Baron 1" said I.; 