THE PRESS AND THE HANDICAPPING. A Trainer's Views. Only the Best Horses Con sidered. To the Editor of the Sportsman. Sib,— -Since the Victoria Racing Club meeting has finished, I have read with a good deal of dissatisfaction eulogies upon die wonderful way in which the new h&ndic;&pper;, Mr. F. F. Dakin, has brought his fields together, and rapturous praises of the wonderful finishes he has obtained, That there were close finishes nobody who watched the racing will deny, bnt that the handicaps were problems which took a great deal of solving can hardly be con tended when the prices at which the winners went out were considered. When and where have the books had a more disastrous meeting than the one which has now concluded ? That Mr. Dakin was very considerate to the horses which ran into places I admit, and this is certainly to his credit, bnt he was equally considerate to the winners who had already secured their share of -the' spoil ; and I will ask you, sir— Ho w did he treat the great mass of the horses which were beaten, and badly beaten ? Horses like Little Maid, Dramatist, Oooramin, etc.— they were all thrown in on e'qnal terms at the lightest possible weights, bnt met their conquerors just as badly as in the races in which tbey were beaten off. That Mr. Dakin made some wonder fully good handicaps between some half- dozen bones I must frankly admit, bnt he did so by utterly sacrificing the chances of some forty other animals, whose owners never received the slightest consi deration for the money they paid in entries. Now, sir, I hold that a handicapper, if he does his duty honestly and fairly, must make " tbe greatest good of the greatest number " hie guiding principle. If there we sixty-five entries in a race, and only eighteen accept, it is a proof that this end. baa not been secured ; aud if five of these ran within a head of each other, while the rest are two or three lengths away, it further demonstrates the fact that the handicapper has gauged the form of these five, and made a good handicap as far as tbey are concerned, but has sacrificed the chances of the remaining sixty. The St. Kilda Cup is the latest example of the description of handicaps I object to. Actuated by a dread of crushing that good horse, Malvolio, who, having been recently hurt, could, under no circum stance, be got ready in time, the top weight is 9st 81b, 31b over weight for age; while Correze, who has also been among tbe invalids, is next with 8st 121b. Thns, the actual top weight is G'Naroo, 6st lllb, so, on paper, tbe race looks as if confined to Forty Winks and the fast- improving Merriment. It will thus be seen that my contention is that our handicappers are committing injustice by continually making flutter ing handicaps. Thus, horses which, meet ing at Epsom, Aspendale, or Mentone, would have over a stone between tbem, when entered at Caulfield or Flemington over a similar distance are placed within two or three pounds of each other. Tbere was no man who, as a trainer, took quicker exception to what he thought injustice than the present handicapper to the V.R.C. Yet, in his new position his sole object seemB to be to produce a phenomenally fast race between the best horses engaged at the meeting. Thus, with seven furlongs run under limn 29 sec, a mile main a shade over lmin 41sec, mile and a quarter under 2min lOsec, mile and a naif in 2min 86|eeo, and a mile and five furlongs in 2min 51|sec, only the very highest class of handi cap horses, and these with weights which admit of tbe utmost display of their powers, have a ghost of a chance. To tbe majority of horses in training seven furlongs in lmin 88sec, a mile in lmin 44sec, a mile and a quarter in 2min 14sec, a mile and a half in 2min 48eec are jnst possible. Of those which furnish tbe entries to jFJemington nine-tenths ere held safe by a' faster standard. Mr. Dakin has practically said to these — It's no use your entering for the rioh prizes at Flemington. Now, if this warning is accepted, how many people will half a dozen nomina tions for each event attract to witness the sport? If we cannot obtain tbe imposition of a, maximum top weight, below which the handicapper cannot come, the only other remedy wfll be tbe introduction of second-class handicaps for horses which have run, but have not been plaoed, during the first two days of the meeting. Something must evidently be done in order to give the vast majority of owners some chance to pay their way. At present, unless a man is exceptionally wealthy, and is thus able to purchase the best horses of the year, irrespective of cost, or is exceptionally lucky, and bnys a year ling which turns out a phenomenon, he has little or no chance of making his horses pay for their keep at the principal meetings, while he cannot hope to recoup his outlay by winning etakeB alone else where. — I am, sir, yours truly, A Caulfield Trainer, 