Why Did .HEe Love Her? CHAPTER XXI (Continued). i Isola made efforts to while him from his sadness, but she saw that she failed, though he made an effort to talk as usual. One morning, on parting from her, he said: . "I must soon claim you again. I can not live without you much longer, and it is my resolve to keep you under my own roof." His expression was so strange, so dif ferent from his ordinary one,.that.Isola looked at him in surprise. S"Nothing opposes my return, father, and if you miss me so much I will go back with you now. I am so much better that I;no longer need the care that has been lavished' on me." . SNo, anb-not yet-not yet. emamin; a the Vale till you are stronger, for--' ,; ? He kissed her brow, .and offering hiss thanksto 'hMiss Carleton foriher kiindness to his child, .mounted his horse and:rode away. Both were struck' with his preoccu. pled manner, and a fear fell on the heart of Miss Carleton that some weight was press. ing on his heart. She would not believe him capable of crime; if evil had been done, he must have been the victim with the brother who had so mysteriously perished, and she felt the certainty that Senora Roselli was cognisant of what had occurred in Italy; that she had participated in the scenes which had left such an impression of sad. noess on Fontaine. . Thatthis woman came'to his house for any good purpose she could not believe, but she was.far from suspecting the.turpitude which those two hypocrites were conseem mating. On the night after Isola's departure, Fon. taine was alone in his library, engaged in looking into the state of his affairs prepas. palatory to making his will, * A rise in tobacco had enabled his mer 'chant to sell his lastcrop at a high price, and the proceeds, amounting to ten thoun ,.sand dollars, he intended to settle on Isola. If he lived he would be able to do more for her ;if he died, or lost his reason, Savella would come into possession of his estate as Sthe lawful heir. Celia, who had waited on Isola'from her childhood, he would give to her, and a draft of the will he intended to make lay on the table. His head was bent over a column, of figures, when he was startled by a shock. Then three raps from beneath the table and the voice so l'ong Onheaed breathed almost in his ear : ",Claude, 'i m beside you. I must tell you how happy I am that you have sent from you the rival of my child. Let her stay from beneath this roof, for her presence is a curse to it." . - Fontaine'was unnerved, but disdain at e this assertion ' restored to him full self possession. He exclaimed: · " Fell and evil spirit, for such I now know you to be, avant! I refuse to obey your 'dictates. Leave my house s unpolluted by e youraecorsed presence," " Clande ! beware of speaking thus, for I possess the power of life and death over her and you. Did you not feel the touch of my 'fingert? Icould as easily have struck you senseless hbad I chosen to do so. Take my child to your hi?eaf;Zlike-her the heiress of all-all you possess, and I will leave you in peace. Act otherwise, and I will fil your house with such devilish revelry that t you will be glad to come to terms." It was Henry Fontaine's voice that I sounded in his ear; but the listener felt 'that his brother's nature must have become warped in the spirit-land to speak thus. And he firmly said: "An evil demon has obtained power over me through my own fratricidal act; but that you are Henry: Fontaine -I.will-never believe unless I have occular demonstration to that effect. If I see you with my own eyes, I may believe their evidence; nothing less will convince me." "He 1" laughed the speaker, "with you, seeing is believing is it? Well-you shall have that proof. So impalpable a presence as a ghost must float out upon the darkness, his form rayed forth through the power be. stowed on him in the spirit-world.. If you can bear the sight, I promise to render my self visible to you." Fontaine exclaimed: "Let me see you this moment. I will'ex: tinguish the lamp," and heput out his hand to remove the shade. The voice spoke as if receding from him' "Not yet, Claude. The sight would mad den your brain; for when I do come, it will be as you last saw me-dying by your band, Can you bear that ?" 'Fontaine sank down, pale as thedead. He shuddered, and putting out his hand, said: "Go away, for God's sake I Once before your presence near me nearly drove the" to suicide. Persist in coming to me and I shall lose reason. If you are my brother, you will leave me to bear my burden in such peace as I now may find." Again that thrilling touch sent its electric shiver through his veins, and the departing voice said: "Adieu. I leave you at your command; but, if yeou pay no respect to my.wisies, I shall make my presence felt by you again." Three raps filled the room with their echoes, and Casar appeared in the doorway with a scared face, and faltered: "Was you a knockin' for me, lisarse Claude? Iwere goin' through de hiall. ah' heerd de noise, an' I thought you was taken sick and wanted sullin'." . Fontaine lifted his white face, now stern with anger, and quickly asked: "How long have you been near that door? Have you overheard anythin? ax.. cept the raps!" " Fo' do bressed Lord, I liasn't; I'd jest come into shabet up de house for do night. I Shopes you don't s'pect me of spyin' on you, e marster" "I should not do so, Cisar, for you have always been faithful; but something strange Shas happened. I desire you will say no Sthing of the noises you have heard." d At that instant another peal was heard, it beneath which the lamp and papers on the o table trembled. The ,negro fell on his knees. He criedout: , G'way from here,.you cussed debil dat a you must be-g'way. What does ghost asses want in dis house? Get out'n dis, or I'll make my ole o'man scold you." A smile crept over Fontaino's lips at this absurd threat from the poor old man. He. I remained standing in the same attitude. 5-overalmoments, listening to any further demonstration that might be made. "Toue have heard of spirit-rapping, Cos, ICsar, and you have seen experiments tried a here by the young people. There is no. Sthing to alarm you in it. I have witnessed such things, and no evil came from them. Get up, and attend to closing the house.' At this command, the old servant arose: d "I ain't used to such things, marse Claude. I ain't got much gumption;-an' San' I is feared tooo out'n de hall by my. . self. El dat ar' thing was to foller arter g me, an' hammer on de do', I should drop Sdead." His rolling eyes and dusky complexion proved the truth of his assertions, and Fon-. a taine kindly said: S"I will go with you, then, but I think Sthe visitation is over for this time. I for k bid you to speak of whatyou have witnessed g here.". I, "Ill member 'what you say, marse r Claude, an' I'll try to 'bey you; buo I Swishees dat I hadn't heerd nothin' on it Smyself." Fontaine preceded himn in his tour of the house, and sar all the winowks anil doors elosed, As Crusar wa leaving Claude, he otreette4: "Don't nave nothine to do wid'em, marse a Claude. Dey is debbils in sguise. Ax de g bressed Lor' to sen' 'eri back to do place day come from, an' He'll take do cuss away t from you." t "I have not called the spirits, Cssar; t andyou'may be sure I shall pray to' be d.- . livered from their persecutions." "Dat's right, ear; but I hates to see you t go back inter dat haunted house all by your self." "Have no fers for me; I:ahill be quite safe from anyithing they can do to, harm me." The moonlight fell upon his face, and Cesar noted the rigid whiteness that had settled on it, the restless fire that buined sin his dark eyes. In the open air the oldman wasno longer afraid; but he saw his master re-enter the house and close the door behind him witlli a feeling of dread. He listened; but all remained still, and he moved toward his cabin in a state of be- t wilderment which did not escape the keen I observation of Aggy when he appeared be- 1 fore her. But to all her inquiries he only I ?eplied by deep groans "dat de debbil was t to pay n ae ou; hoies." "I 'srectce as much when desefurrin people-got to stay in it,"sle aeplled. " But what's happened ?". l"Nothin'; only do'debbil's to pay, dat's all.", "Ef he is to pay, I hope he'll take hise debt out'n you, you old stupid," was the re a tort. "I jes' wish you'd hold your tongue, or else talk sense wid it." . Cesar obeyed her wish,; for he refused to a speak furthcr,iin -spite of tbe) eajoleries y which Aggy condescended to practice. She a taunted hiniowith being possessed with a I dumb devil, to ewhich he ruefully replied: t "A dumb debbil is better'n, atalkin' one." T"Dat dar's for me, s o I'll, jes' `set up!: But I'll finduiu'e haO bsoflouslrVed 3yot so much, in spite o' your circumbeodi ossee. s, Thar I don't b'lioeve mnarse Claude 'lsows a bigger word dan dt." At length day dawned, and soon' after Casar heard the voice of Fontaine speakieg ti to the overseer in the yard. TiThanking God h that he was still: living, the old servant b aroused his wife and prepared hiniself for ,the duties of the day. r.., si CHAPTER'XXII. :,. - -rnser Ap vas asahnEe'. Night after night, throughout Iola's- ab. h sence, the same attempts were imade td-ex tract: from, Fontaine a pledge that she' should never return to the shelter of his roof. ;. . - :. The draft of his will was copied, and he placed it in his desk-with the. original, in-' tending togo to Lynchbtirg and have it en grossed by a lawyer. A tew days after- P wards lie sought for them to make some alterations,'and both papers were found torn into fragments, which were scattered over the desk. That night his familiar told him he had. done it; that he would find means to de. stroy every instrument which alienated v from Savella any of the property which was hors. I Fontaine had fallen into replying to the c .voice as if the speaker were a tangible pro- t sence, and he said: : "I will place my will where you cannot a reach it." . In response a laugh came, followed by the words: e " "Try it, Claude, and sey if you can finda 1 spot into which I shall be unable to penes. Irate." The will wasplaced in an iron chest in his room ; he carried the key about his per- e son; yet three days afleorards, when he sought for it, that he might take it with i him to Lynchburg, he found it destroyed. Examination of the lock convinced him that it had not been tampered with; but Fontaine still persevered in carrying out his t intention. A skeleton was sent to his i lawyerin Lynchburg with a request that he would have it ready for signature at the end of a'week. "Duoring the absence ofý louia, Savella an deared herself to Fontaine; and sccompa nied him in his-walk to the quarters, and when there showed the liveliest interest in thewelfare of the people who were to be. tcome her property at some future day. She appeared to have overcome her.distaste to them, and the hindness with whieh she ad dressed them won golden opinions. Savella~endeavoured to fill the' place of Isola, and forhours she played and sang to her unele, who felt the demon exorcised by 1 the spell of music. . . : - I Autumn had set in. One afternoon Fontaine was detained from home several hours, and returned depressed in spirits; He yearned for music. but on inquiring' for his niece he was told that she~ was gone out fora walk. - After a few turns he threw on his hat, and took the-pathway which he' had ob served Savella pursued of late when she set out for her afternoon walk. - Fontaine had proceeded half ni mile with out encountering any one, and he began to think Savella had taken another path, when 'he sound of voices struck, upon his ear. The speakers were sheltered behind a clamp Lof bushes; but a few steps brought the in truder in view of the two who fancied them. serlves secure from observation. Savella Was seated ina grape rine chair, formed by twisting the long branches to gether, and at her feet reclined Philip Vane, resting his head against the rustio seat, and holding her hand in his own. i He was speaking passionately,. and the expression of the girl's face revealed what was passing in her heart. Fontaide read its meaning at one glance, and then stiode forward, t erlla uttereda cry, and Philip spoang o'his feet to confront the face that glared on him with bitter contempt. S So-o- Mr.Vane condescends to amuse his hours by attempting to beguile another unsuspecting heart to love him. I ask you it it is the part of an honourable man to enter my grounds iPlthout my knowledge and meet my niece in .thls clandestine manner 1" Philip recovered his audacity, and he coolly said: "My first meeting with Miss Fontaine was accidental, I assuloyou. Bince that happenoed, as I was no longer a visitor in your house, I have availed myself of such chancee as offered thsmsdlves to see your niece. Tomorrow I shouldhave waited on you to offer my proposals in form, as Miss Fontaine has just honoured me by accept ing me as her future husband." Fontaine listened to this address with surprise. He turned to his niece and sternly asked: "Savella, can this be true? Have you disobeyed my wishes so as to suffer your heart to be won by a man I assured you would never be acceptable to me ?" She looked up appealingly and faltered: "Oh, uncle Claude, I loved Philip-from the first moment I saw him. Iknow that I have done wrong; but he loves me, and and I will never marry anyone but him." Her uncle scornfully said: "Doubtless Mr. Vane has induced you to beliovethat he adores you; but it is not longsince he came to me and professed the same feeling for another. I cannot under stand the facility with which his affections have been transferred from her to you; yet why do Isay so, for I am afraid I do comprehend it but too well." S"Philip never loved Isola," Savella ex claimed. "He has told me so, and I be lieve him." A glance of contempt from Fontaine's eye fslaahed over Philip. He retained sufcient selfoeontrol to speak calmly. "Miss Fonltainue Epeaks th truth, it was but a passing lancy I had for another. I donot regret this discovery, as it affords mean opportunity I have desired to express my sentiments." "Philip Vane, your audacity passes be. load all bounds," said Fontaine. "Po yeu suppose 1 am not aware how mucn your professions are worth? Savella, when' this man learned that Isola would not inherit my property, he deserted her; and in this brief space of time he professes- to have at tached himself to you with ardour unfelt for her. Judge for yourself if he would noe be equally faithless to you if the smiles of for tune should forsake you." "Oh, uncle Claude," pleaded Savella,' " do not speak so, for I love him, I tell yon l' andI shall die if I am separated from him ' No, he never loved Isola; he loves only me!" There was such passionate feeling in .her voice that Fontaine was touched., He more gently said : "Poor child you must- suffer .from: the perfidy of a man whose personal attractions are his .only recommendation. But I most save you from him at all hazards:" ' Then, turning to Philip Vane, he went on:: Mr. Vane, if anything could have added to the distaste I have'for you, it is the know ledge that in this underhand manner you have attempted to win your, way into my family. I decline accepting you as a suitor to my niece, and believe' she will be 'in. dueced to listen to reason, and give up a man who seeks her for her worldly advantages alone." "'Speakk," said Philip: ". Shall it be so ? Your inheritance is your own; and I am sufliciently independent in fortune to lift me above the suspicion of the interested motives whicn r. Fontaine has.imputed to me., I love you; you are aware of the real' nature of the,obstacle that lies.betweanaus; and. you have. seen that Isola now reg'ards' me 'as an old friend. Accept or reject' me at once, foron your decision rests our future relation to each other." I : His eyes were fixed on her-she made a step forward, laid her hand in his, atdidi .'Philip, Ib'elieve s Ihe nobili(y of your soul, ad I willlove you to the end: Oppo siton willeonly strengthen my resolve "to be yours through all." ' " ' ""You hear, sir," said Philip: :iot Tn taino drew Savella away from him, and held her at his side by throwing his arm around her. "PhilipVane," he said," I am respon sible for thi Welfare' of my brother'schild till she has attained years of discretion. To you I will never surrender a cent till that time expires; and I forbid you to approach her as a suitor. If she does inot discover how false are your professions of love, she will possess little of the foresight of the race from which she sprung. :Good evening. Come, Savella; we are far from home." He would have drawn her away, but she sprang toward Philip, and exclaimed with passionate fervour: "Oh ! my Philip-my adored-believe him not. My heart will never separate from you. W\e shall find means to meet, we shall be happy yet." :_ I believe so, Savelli, my future wife, he responded;. and when Fontaine drew Sa vella from his embrace, he said : ." You see, sir, how useless opposition will prove. She loves me with all the ardour of her southern blood;and I promise you to bea good husband to her." He encircled Savella with his strong arm, and supported her faltering steps as he moved away with her. She looked at Philip as long as it was possible to do so, and the expression of her eyes confirhIed what her lips uttered.: Philip watched them a few moments, and then a smile broke over his lips.' lie muttered: "I have paid you back for your insulting diomissal of my liretensions to Isola. That girl will do what I bid her; I hold her fate in my hand,'and be it happy or miserable, she shall yet become my wile." He strode to the tree to which his horse was fastened, and dashed off in the direc tion of Dunlora to tell his mother how he had sped in his wooing. CHAPTER XI.' . • '--' - 11La "DI · SII. ". Fontaine moved in the direction of the house, sustaining Savella;'but afterproceed ing a distance she 'extricated herself from his arms, and said: !' am ableto walkalone. I do not wish to be too burdensome to you. ' ' He regarded her in sorrow'as he said: "I have never felt that you are a burden to me. I have indulged the hope that you would prove a blessing to me; but what I have witnessed has so shaken my faith.in. youi, that I have misgivings for the future." (To be continued.) 