THE STOBTTKLLKJa That Wild Wheel. By Fbances Eleanoe Teollope. CHAPTER XIX. Perhaps there could be no more striking exempli fication of the preponderance of the feminine element in Madame Martin's establishment than the circumstance that there was no smoking-room in it 'When any stray roan did chance to ask for the fumoir, if the weather were too bad to turn him into the garden, he was ushered into the bureau — a small den, with two glazed sides to it. where Claude Copley balanced the books of the pension, and dispensed information as to trains and boats to inquiring boarders. But Madame Martin was a woman of resources ; and, in view of the promised accession of gentlemen to her inmates, she organised an impromptu smoking-room in a disused greenhouse, which was a sort of excrescence in the drawing-room, and communicated with it by a glass door. Though somewhat rough , it answered its purpose s ufficientl y well, being warm, dry, and easily ventilated. On the side opposite to the drawing-room there was a ' Becona aoor, oi WLicn the upper panels wore glazed, leailing int- the shrubbery, and to Ihe back premises. Over this outer door Madame Mar tin hung up an old rail way rug, which k^pt out the draughts as effectu ally as a Genoa velvet portiere. A few cane bottomed arm-chairs, a centre table covered with shiny cloth simulating leather, and a t-quan; of drugget on the floor completed the furniture and decorations. The effect of the whole was considered to be highly satisfactory by the lady boarders, who handsomely declared that they did not believe any odour of smoke would penetrate to the drawing room ; and that, if it did, they rather liked if . The only person who demur red to the proximity of the smokers was a fat, taciturn old lady, chiefly remarkable for her enor mous appetite ; and she based her opposition on the difficulty you had in getting the wnell out o' your hair. But as she was known to be com pletely bald, an«l always wore a species of brown silk caul, with a great liiobuap tied ou over it, her objection was held to be fnvo ous, aud was overruled. But although the ladies were deii^bted with Ma dam* Martin's airange ments, the persons for whom tliosj arrange ments were made din played 110 extravagant Hatisfictiim With iLeni. It may, iu teed, be ul-- berved tUrtt the cheerful quality of miud fami liarly di'boribeil a« ' making the best of a bad bargain' i» chiefly exeroii-eii ou oiln r people's bid bariraLiif. Mr. Peruival Snngge, ?when he was introduced into n*u fuinotr on itie first evening of his ar rival, appeared pro foundly discontented. ' I can't make you out, Nathaniel,' he mid, glancing ru fully, first t.t the rougu woodwork and patched glass i f tl.e jrreeiihuur-e, with its drapery of worn ) aiiway rug, and then at tbe uu rnoved countenance of Lis friend. ' Can't you, Perci val?' ' No, I can't. Y'U give up Pane, you rush through Geneva, to couie into Uiis confounded old rat-trap full --f nothing but old cats !' said Mr. Snagge, with some con fusion of images, but unmistakable distinct ness of meaning. ' Ob, come, the dinner ?wasn't half bad. The old girl, Madame Martiu, is a jolly old soul ; our rooms are clean and comfortable, and the terir s are very low. And — look here!' Mr. Coney pulled from his pocket a capacious travelling flask. ' This Cognac fine champagne is Al. A friend of mine who travels in wines got me a lot — a bargain. And I never take a journey without a flaskful. It's a regular lick-cure, sir,' said Mr. Coney, with emphatic approbation. 'I intimated to the bun, as they call 'em on this side, that hot water and sugar would be required. And here she comes with 'em. That's right, put 'em down there. Mercy , mah belle! which is a figure of speech, for you're about as ugly as they make 'em, even in these parts ; and that's saying a good deal.' These latter remarks Mr. Coney uttered soilo voce as the stout Swiss serving-maid disappeared behind the railway-rug and went out He then, with great care and dexterity, mixed two tumblers of hot brandy - and - water ; and, handing one to his friend, bade him, in a solemn tone, to quaff and spare not Having quaffed, Mr. Snagge's mood grew ^lander ; and as, under the soothing influence of a good cigar in addition to that of the cognac, Mr. (!oney also felt his heart expand with friendly sentiments, they soos slid into a confidential and familiar chat. ' That fellow Hughes has been working here for more than three weeks, I understand,' said Snagge. ' Well now, I'll tell you what it is ; I hold that man to be a traitor.' 'Eh?' ejaculated Mr. Coney, looking up sharply. ' Oh, understand me, Nat; I'm not accusing him of dishonesty in the common parlance. But to art — to the worship and cult of the ideal — he is a traitor and a renegade.' ' Oh ! — he is commonplace,' admitted Mr. Coney, with a candid air, at the same time passing his hand thoughtfully over his big bald skull. ' What,' pursued Mr. Snagge, snorting ironi cally and tossing back his hair, ' what, sir, is the object and scope, as I may say, of his being in Switzerland at this moment ? Is it to steep his soul in nature ? I think not.' Mr. Coney thought not, too ; and nodded to that effect across his tumbler. ' Is it even the single-minded desire of inter preting nature by means of the 'igher inspirations of artistic insight ? I think not.' Again Mr. Coney nodded, and observed, in an explanatary tone, 'It's a job Hopkins got for him.' 'Aye! It is a job Hopkins got for him : and it would be a precious long time before Ho- kins offered such a job to me.' Mr. Coney was conscious of such entire concur rence with thi6 opinion that he felt it would not be civil to express it ; and murmured, ' Oh, I don't know about that, Percy. I dare say he would if he had the opportunity.' ' No, sir ; Hopkins wouldn't offer such a job to me, because he knows I wouldn't accept it. It's house-painting, that's what it is.' ' Well — but, Percy, haven't some of the biggest big- wigs in the painting world done decorative panels and things of that sort ? Ive read it in the papers.' ' Ah, but look at the price they pet for it ! But how does this chap up'old the dignity of art P Yah ! ' And Mr. Snagge swallowed a gulp of brand y - and- water , and threw himself back in his chair with a face of scornful disgust. ' Did you notice that young fellow sitting near the old lady at the top of the table?' asked Mr. Coney, after a pause. Mr. Snagge had so much difficulty in with drawing his thoughts from the contemplation of William Hughes's degraded baseness of spirit that the question had to be repeated before he answered. ' Oh, a sickly-looking chap with black eyebrows? Yes; I saw him. He's the clerk, somebody said. Rather a peculiar start having him at table ! Not that I am exclusive. I don't object to a touch of Bo'emia ; but — hang it all ! — let it be instinct with soul, Coney ! ' ' He's Hughes's nephew,' said Mr. Coney. 'The clerk is! Ah, I think it's a pity his uncle did not confine himself to the same line of business ! ' And with that, he pu-hed his tumbler across the table, as a hint to have it replenished. Coney refilled it with a liberal hand, and mixed a second tumbler for himself, after which he | sat silently puffing out clouds of smoke for several i minutes, while Percival Snagge, with his legs stretched out on a second chair in front of him, j and his eyes upturned to the ceiling, sipped his grog, and muttered a fragmentary soliloquy after j a fashion habitual with him. | At length Mr. Coney, drawing his chair closer J up to the table, and leaning his elbow on it, so as to be nearer to his friend's ear, said : ' I'll tell you a rum thing, P^rcy.' 'All right,' returned Mr. Snagge, with his cigar between his teeth . ' You have heard me speak with Hopkins about a certain rich eccentric party I came across in the States some time ago r' Snag jo nodded. II - had, indeed, heard a great djal more than ho cared to hear on the ssiihirfit. He had been irritated bythe frequent introduction of it at ilortiincr Hopkins's parties for two reasons : Firstly, it gave old Hopkins an oppor tunity for bragging about his late wife's family connections ; and, secondly, it inteifered with the discussion of Mr. Snagge's own favourite topics — himself and Titian. ' I have not mentioned this to any one but John Hopkins as yet,' pursued Mr. Coney. ' But to an old and trusted friend of boyhood's hours like yourself, Percy, I can speak as man to man and heart to heart, partie'larly as you are off to Florence in a few days, and not very likely to come across any of the parties interested.' Mr. Snagge received this touching expression of confidence without emotion, merely observing, in general terms, that he didn't know the parties interested from Adam ; and, not being a party interested himself, didn't want to. 'Quite so,' answered Coney approvingly. ' Well, sir, you may remember hearing me say that, the individual in question being once laid up with a sprained foot in the same hotel where I was, out west, we were thrown a good deal together. He was curious to hear all I could tell him about the Hopkinses or any other members of his family. I was sitting beside his sofa one day when the post brought him a bundle of letters 1 from England. One of 'em, I could see, was in a lawyer's hand ; indeed, he had told me that he kept up communication with a London firm of solicitors, though he never let out the name. Un commonly queer and close he was in some things, while about others he'd jaw away thirteen to the dozen. Well, he read this lawyer's letter, and puckered up his eyes, as he always did when he was thinking hard. Ana all of a sudden he asked me if I had ever come across any people of a cer tain name that he mentioned. I hadn't ; and he said no more ; and the name, having nothing to hook it on to, so to say, went out of my head.' 'Ah !' drawled Mr. Snagge, lazily, watching a ring of smoke. ' It wasn't my name, I sup pose ?' ' Stop a bit, Percy. No, it wasn't your name. Once or twice afterwards I tried to return to the subject and get him to tell it me again. But directly I touched it — mum ! He 6hut up like an oyster. But the very moment I was introduced to that niece of Hughes's, at Mrs. Green's, it came back to me in a flash. The name, my boy, was Copley. And, what's more — rare thing, memory ! (the divine W. calls it the warden of the brain, but, by George ! it goes to sleep on its post pretty often) — what's more, I recollected then, seeing tbe name of Claude on the first page of the letter as it lav 011 a chair beside the sofa. Now, Copley ain't a very common name, but, combined with Claude, it's down right uncommon.' 'And what then?'' demanded Mr. Snagge, curling his lip ai.d toss ing back his hair. ? ' Why, my idea is that these Copleys may represent tome branch of the family that we don't know of. Aud I intend to f illow it up.' ' 'What'll be the good of that ? ' ' retorted Snagge, still mere scorn fully. Mr. Coney, in his effusive mood — for which the fine Cognac Wis part y responsible — gut up from his chair, and. stretching forth his right arm, and raising his voice, said, ' It in terests me. Percy — call it waywardness, call it a mere hobby, if you will — it interests me. I was the first to stumble across the man when not a soul belonging to him knew where he was. And my being an old friend of John Hopkins — our firm has supplied him with the patent ad justable brass screw picture-frame rings for upwards of fifteen years — gives Ihe thing a touch of romance. Since my return to England I've tii ken a great interest in hunting up the pedigree and surviving relatives of Mr. Christopher Dalton. and — what's that,?' This exclamation was caused by the sudden noise of some object fall ing to the ground 011 the oti.cr side of the glass door. A little green m k curtain fixed across ilie upper part cf it pre vented any one in the greenhouse from seeing into the drawing-room. But Mr. Coney, gently opening the door a littje way, saw a lady on her knees, hurriedly picking up the contents of a small workbox — thimble, cot ton-reels, scissors, and so forth — which, together with the box itself, lav on the floor. The only other occupant of th% room within his range of vision was a fat old woman in a mob f-np dozing l y the fire. But, in a inomi.-ut a tall female figure bounced acr oss the room, with a movement hard, stiong, active, and ruthless as the flight of a cricket-ball, and pro ceeded, with many ejac ulations, to assist the kneeling lady in gather ing up the scattered arti cles. Mr. Coney softly closed the door again, and re turned to his place. ' It's that towzlc-headed woman in blue,' he said, 'dropped her workbox. She must have bsen quite close against the door. I wonder if she could hear what we were saying ? That room was very quiet.' The interruption had checked the current of Mr. Coney's confidences. He resumed his usual manner, and suggested -hat perhaps they might now adjourn to the ' salong.' ' Well, I suppose you don't mean to spend the rest of the evening here in the outhouse,' returned Mr. Snagge, fretfully. At Coney's suggestion they first retired to their respective rooms to have what he termed ' a brisk up.' This was effected by means of cold water and hard hairbrushes. To these refreshing appliances Mr. Snagge added a liberal sprinkling of cheap Eau de Cologne over his moustaches and pocket-handkerchief with intent to overpower the smell of tobacco hanging about him — which was well meant but futile. When the two strangers entered the drawing room at Monplaisir for the first time, they had no cause to complain of being coolly received. The room was by this time well filled. Madame Mar tin was there in person to do the honours ; and every boarder was present with the exception of (Continued on page 538.) Claude stood with his candle iu his hand looking earnestly at his uncle. — Chaitee XX. Mr. Hughes, who had walked into Vevey after dinner, but was expected to return presently. Mr. Snagge mentally corrected his phrase about the old cats, as he looked round the room. They were not all old eat». Mies Susan Cur dan was bright-eyed and buxom, and her elder sister a pre sentable middle-aged woman enough. Mrs. Ar mofir/of course, considered herself (and was, per haps, considered by some other persons) to be still iu the category of charming women . Even Miss Jenks — but somehow one never was able to asso ciate Miss Jenks with any particular age. The parish register, no doubt, declared her years to be ? so many. And there are learned treatises which enable us to determine the epoch of a rock. But the uninformed could never guess how old it was by looking at it. ' So with Miss J enks. There was a rugged strength about her that belongs neither to early youth nor advanced age. But; within those extreme points, the imagination wan dered without landmarks. A certain flutter of excitement had prevailed among the ladies during the past week in respect of their preparations for the forthcoming party. Indeed, the comparatively deserted state of the drawing-room during the earlier portion of the evening was connected with the circumstance ; for nearly every woman in the house had been upstairs looking at Miss Susan Curdan's new dress, spread out..in silken sheen upon her bed. Not every one at Montplaisir could afford a new gown, but every one had prepared some new adornment. It was oven remarked that fat old Mrs. Hobday intended to wear roses in her mobeap to do honour to the occasion ! Hut, from all similar excitements and anxieties, Miss Jenks was absolutely free. She, indeed, was (i traveller who might sing iu the face of high' AVHym:ii on her journey through life : for surely litjuc ever made it with emptier saddle-bags. 'While the other women were hemming, and fril liug, aud trimming, and trying ou, Miss Jenks serenely -;i-uteinplated their proceedings, and made up her mind which artie'es it would bo possible to burrow. Wlieii Messrs. Coney iiud Suiiggc joined the party, Miss Jcuks was standing iu au croct aud niartiil attitude, wilh her back to ihe stove, engaged iu a little altercation with Mrs. Armour, who had just exclaimed, sharply , ' Nonsense ! What was there to start at ? I nearly fell asleep, and my workbox tumbled off my lap, and that woke me.'' 'Mrs. Armour,' rejoined Miss Jenks, with un shaken firmness, 'you deceive yourself. Your eyes were wide open, for I could tee you quite plain from my corner, and you gave a sudden jerk, and down went the box, and I ran aud helped yon, and ? ' Well, my good soul, have it your own way,' said Mrs. Armour, with a sudden change of man ner, from waspish irritability to languid disdain, for at that moment she caught sight of the two strangere;-. Leaning back in^ her chair, in an atti tude which, although affected, was not ungrace ful, audiapparcutly occupied with her embroideiy, she yctf watched tbe uew comers keenly, and listened jvith particular attention when they spoke. Their voices were very dissimilar — Snagge's thin and high-pitched, Coney's full and deep. Thefair Juliet, therefore, soon resolved her doubts as to which of them had so loudly and emphatically pronounced the words about Mr. Christopher Dalton and his surviving relations that had caught her --ar. .-Was it to her Uncle Christopher he had been alluding ? And what could this man know of her Uncle Christopher ? Some persons would have simply proceeded to ask those questions. But that was not Mrs. Armour's method. She waited. .Presently Claude Copley came and sat near her. ' I believe your unc'.e is a friend of these — gentlemen?' she said, with a pause before the epithet which made it infinitely contemptuous. 'He knows who they are; but it is scarcely likely that they should be friends of his,' rejoined Claude, bristling a little. ' I don't know. He seems to have a most catholic tolerance for vulgarians. He is not so fastidious as a certain relative of his whom I could mention.' This, accompanied by a glance and a smile, flattered the foolish boy. He was weak enough to enjoy the intended compliment, even at the expense of his uncle — even against his own better knowledge. For flattery, like other insidious draughts, need not overcome our reason, in order to be -greedily swallowed. It sufUccs to bribe our passions. ' Well, and who are they ?' ' Oh, oue is au upper sort of bagman, and the felldiwwho wants his hair cut calls himself ah artist,' I believe.' ' I see I am to be pestered by one of these creatures, at any rate !' said Mrs. Armour.; for she observed Mrs. Coney look in- her direction, and then say something earnestly to Madame Martin. Mrs. Armour coquettish ly passed her fingers over the frizzy locks of hair on her forehead, and prepared to receive the stranger with a nicely adjusted mixture of condescension and fascination. But, to her blank surprise, Madame Martin wad dled across the room to young Copley, and saying, 'Come now, Monsieur Claude, one of these gentlemen wants to talk to you, my dear,' seized him unceremoniously by the arm, aud waddled off with him. ' CHAPTER XX. Mr. C-ouey, having not the most distant idea that a young fellow in Claude's position would he otherwise than gratified by his notice, was not quick to perceive that young gentleman's super cilious airs. The notion of a clerk in a boarding house ' putting side on,' as he would have ex pressed it, in communicating with him, Nathaniel Coney, was one which he would naturally be slow to receive. He set down the lad's manner to shy ness, and addressed him encouragingly. ' Pleasure of knowing your uncle,' said Mr. Coney, holding out two fingers, which Claude feigned not to see. ' Did you. wish to speak to me r'_-he asked, abruptly. ' Yes ; don't put yourself about, I merely wished to ask you a question — — ' — ' ?* I must trouble you io be brief.' rejoined Claude, drawing his black brows together, 'for 1 am unusually occupied just npw.' Mr. Coney began to think that the young man was not shy, but awkward and inexperienced — somewhat of a cub, in short. Jiut lie answered, j still encouragingly, that he supposed they were all j pretty busy about the party which he understood . j was to come off to-morrow; but that Claude need not be uneasy, since Mtidanie Martin -knew j where he was, and didn't want him just then. ' Now, just sit down a moment,' he said, ' and I'll come to the point. Do you happen to have any relatives of the name of Dalton ?' Claude was tempted to answer, 'What's that to you ?' but limited himself to saying, ' No in as curt a tone as possible. ' Ab, but gently — gently !' said Mr. Coney, laying his hand on the yoUng man's sleeve. 'Don't be in a hurry. Are you sure, now? Distant relation, perhaps ? Or connection by marriage ?' Claude, who had been already mortified by bsiug marched off under Mrs. Armour's eyes in obedience to 'the bigmau's' behest, as if he were a schoolboy, was still further mortified by seeing that lady regarding him from the other side of the room with a pitviug smile, aud he replied, stiffly, ' I have no relative of that name, sir.' ' Do you know the name?' ' No.'' ' Never heard it ? ' 'How the deucercan I say whether I ever hoard it or not?' exclaimed Claude, irritably. 'I may have heard thousands of names that I don't remember.' ' Young sir,' began Mr. Coney, majestically ; but Claude interrupted him. ' Well, I really beg your pardon, but I can only say that I know nothing whatever about the name you mention, and am quite unable to assist your inquiries.' And Claude, abruptly rising from his chair, walked away without further ceremony. ' I scorn thee and thy fashion, peevish boy ! ' muttered Mr. Couey, staring after him. ' That is to say, if you are peevish, and not cracked. I never encountered anything so— 'But let the stricken deer go weep, The hart uugalled play ; For some must watch while others conduct them selves in a siugularly snappish and uugeutlemanly manner. Thus runs the world away.' ' Aud with this Mr. Couey — who was never more Shakesperiau than when under the influence of some mild potations— stalked with dignity to a chair. Meanwhile, Mrs. Armour had been closcly witching the colloquy between him aud Claude with considerable curiosity, and had expected the latter to return to her side and report what hiid pissed. But Claude had been intercepted and summoned away by his uncle, who had returned from Vevey, and wished to concert with him some arrangements for the morrow. It seemed, indeed, as though the fascinating widow ran some risk of being eutirely neglected this evening. Most of tin company gathered rouud Mr. Coney, who was indemnified for young Cjpley's impertinent behaviour by the attentions of the ladies, and was makiug himself generally agreeable. While Miss Jenks, still holding her post near the stove, had Mr. Saagge all to her self, for old Mrs. Hobday, socially speaking, didn't count. Mrs. Armour was aware the other women in the house disliked and avoided her. It might have been supposed thatthe first factrendereithesecond rather acceptable than otherwise. But it was not so ; for, although she did not want their company, she bitterly resented their objecting to hers. But Utterly Juliet Armour had not taken the matter to heart as she did some weeks ago. Her scorn for these people had come to have an almost exhila rating effect — likea fiery cordial- — ever since she had entertained the hope of getting away from them into brighter scenes, inhabited by rich acquaint ances — who, in fact, made the brightness. After some careful consideration she resolved to investigate at once what might be the meaning of those words of Coney's which she had overheard. And, having resolved, she acted with promptitude. Rising from her chair, she walked straight to the group beside the stove, and said coolly : 'Miss Jenks, I wish you would do me the favour to go to my room and fetch my little Shetland shawl. My tiresome ankle is so lame again to night!' And, stretching out a slender, well shaped foot in a scarlet stocking and smart slipper, she added, for Mr. Snagge's behoof, ' ' It lias never been strong since that carriage accident in India.' Miss Jenks glared at her oblurately. ' I don't know where to find your shawl,' she said. ' It is lying folded on tho toilet-table with the black lace fichu we were speaking of yesterday. You may as well take ihat to your room at once when you are there.' 'May I ? All right ! '' returned Miss Jenks, and marched off at once without hesitation. She perfectly understood that the loan of the black lace fichu — previously refused — was the bribe offered for doing Mrs. Armour's errand. But to this Miss Jenks had no objection. It was a bar gain that suited her. She had long coveted the fichu, and now looked forward complacently to figuring in it to-morrow evening. Aud let it not be supposed that Miss Jenks par ticularly regretted tho interruption of her tetea tete with Mr. Snagge. She had falsified Madam? Martin's half -jocular prognostications by taking the arrival of the two new gentlemen with com parative indifference. This circumstance was noted with surprise by the other ladies, but served to strengthen in Miss Susan Curdan's mind the lurid suspicions before alluded to. j No sooner was Miss Jenks's back turned than Mrs. Armour, addressing Mr. Snagge without j preamble, said, 44 Your friend is a traveller, I fancy.' Mr. Snagge bowed, and was on the point of adding that his friend had travelled only for very leading firms, when it occurred to him that the lady's words had probably no technical signi ficance. And he replied that Coney had been about the world a good deal, and knew many men and many countries. ! ' Do you know if he ever came across a Mr. Christopher Dalton in his travels? I think I heard him mention the name.' Mr. Snagge'6 reply to this artless inquiry was of [ bo interesting and unexpected a nature that 3Irs. | Armour forgot her languid airs, forgot her lame ankle, forgot, even, to watch the effect of her personal fascinations on Mr. Snagge, and, hurry ing him to an unoccupied part of the room, made hini sit down beside her, and listened eagerly to what he had to say. Mr. Snagge's information, however, being soon exhausted, he was despatched for Mr. Coney to complete it. 'Imugiueiuj feelings, Mr. Coney,' said Mrs. Armour, with clasped hands*, aud a spot of bright colour ou each usually pale check, 'on being told that you have quite recently — within a .year- or two— seen and spoken with my uncle, Christopher Dalton — my mother's own, dearly loved brother. For years I have been anxiously wondering whether he still lived. And now — what an extraordinary chance that I should meet you here !' 'Then you, Madame,' said Mr. Coney, in the desp, guttural tones which his friends associated with the soliloquies in Hamlet, 'muBt be Juliet, third and youngest daughter of the late Richard Bingham Ivir by, M.D., formerly of Half -moon- street, Piccadilly.' ' I am, indeed ! But may I ask how you know so much about my family?' ' Acting from no personal motives whatever, but merely on behalf of a young friend of mine, who ii alsi a frienl of Mr. Dilton's family, I have informed myself pretty accurately about that gentleman's surviving relatives, among whom I am proud aud happy, Madam, to welcome so graceful an acquisition as yourself,' replied Mr. Coney, with a hospitable air. 'Your young friend, a member of my uncle's family?' said Mrs. Armour, sharply. 'Who cm that be ? I have, it is true, been so long an exile from England that there areahundred points I may require to be informed upon, liut I believe I know pretty well all my mother's relations. At any rate, those near enough to — to ? ' ' To have any chance of coming in for a slice of tbe cake,' said Mr. Coney, with perfect gravity. ' ' Of course your friend, no doubt, is in a position to prove the relationship ; but I need not tell a man of the world like yourself that in such a case as tin pre sent oae nr.ut b?oa one's guird against imposture.' Mr. Coney waved his haud in a lordly manner. ' No fear of that, Madam ! We know who all the next-of-kin are. Aud if we didn't the law — tbe law, Madam, would protect the interests of the rightful parties. The 'umblest subject in our realm may declare, in the words of the bard, 4 The laws of England are at my commandment,' pro vided he is prepared to pay for 'em.' Then, sinking into prose, and looking fixedly at the lady, he added, ' Besides, you know, there can be no talk of 4 claimxnts ' at present. Mr. Dalton is alive, and his money is his own to do what he likes with. Only it may be well for the family to he prepired for the possible contingency of his dying in testate.' ' I should think so, '' exclaimed Mrs. Armour, emphatically. ' He ought to be looked after.' Within a few minutes the rumour that Mrs. Armour's long-lost uncle had been discovered by Messrs. Coney and Snagge in the wilds of West ern America, the possessor of fabulous wealth, and having no relative nearer than his niece, had spread through Mouplaisir. A quarter of an hour ago not a creature iu the pension was aware that Mrs. Armour ever had an uncle; but now some of them appeared to persuade themselves that they had long been wondering what had become of him ; and they discussed his story with a copi ousness of detail truly marvellous. Such was the contagion of the general excitement that even the Miss Curdans spoke sympathetically of what Mrs. Armour's agitation must have been on so unex Cteily receiving news of a relative whom she so long mourned as lost. And Mrs. Ford distinctly shocked public feeling by expressing her doubts of Mis. Armour's having ever mourned him or any body el^e ! Mrs. Armour rather encouraged, than checked, the diffusion of this news. She had bcea cautious, at first, how she asserted her relationship with Christopher Dalton. having an undefined impres sion on her mind that he had done something dis graceful. But what could be disgraceful enough to obscure the effulgence of two millions and a half of dollars ? And Mr. Coney assured her that com petent authorities in the States had set down Chris Dalton's ' pile ' at not a cent under that sum. Iu any case, to be known as having ' expectations ' of such magnitude was in itself a source of social importance. The buzz of conversation on this exciting theme was at its height ; Miss Susan Curdau had not favoured the company with one of her three songs ; Mrs. Ford had foregone her nightly game of patience ; even the Russian lady had piused in her bcziqttc to have the interesting te-pic interpreted to her by one of her polyglot children : when Miss Jenks, wlio had not returned to the salon sinc3 leaving it in quest of Mrs. Armour's shawl, suddenly burst into the apartment, ex claiming iu a loud voice, ' He has come back ! Here he is ! ' Everybody started. Susan Curdan uttered a stifled scream ; and her elder sister pressed her hand on her heart. ' Who's come back, Miss Jenks ? Who is it ?' demanded Madame Martin, jumping up from her chair. ' Mr. Hughes. I happened to go into the sallamongjay, and there he was, talking to Mr. Claude Copley, and looking 60 pale and fagged that I really think, Madame Martin, you ought to go and give him a glass of wine or something. I begged him to take one for my sake ; but he — wouldn't,' said Miss Jenks, coming to an abrupt close. 44 Lard, my dear,' cried Madame Martin, feel ing that she interpreted the unanimous sentiments of the company, ' why in the world do you come startling us like that, about good, quiet Mr. Hughes, who is the mildest of gentlemen, and never thinks of making any emlarras * When you called out ' He's come back !' in that way, I vow and declare I thought you meant the old gentleman from America !' ' I don't know who you mean by the old gentleman from America,' returned Mass Jenks, entirely unabashed. ' But I wish you'd go and see after Mr. Hughes. He looks downright ill.' Madame Martin would, perhaps, have disre garded this request in the case of any one except her favourite Mr. Hughes. But she would not run the risk of neglecting him, although she put small faith in the accuracy of Miss Jenks' state ments, and so hurried off. ' Well, upon my word,' said Miss Susan Curdan, indignantly. 'Things have come to a pretty pass when that woman publicly announces that she begged Mr. Hughes to tike a glass of wine for her sake ! Her sake !' 'Ah, but he didn't do it,' observed Mrs. Ford. ' Oh, Mrs. Ford, it is too monstrous ! The way she -throws , herself at his head ? ! Aud lately she actually tries to take possession of him.' ' Ah ! — she tries,' observed Mrs. Ford, again. ' And he is so refined — so truly the gentleman, that I can't understand; ? ' ' Why, that's the veiy reason ! The poor dear m eu doesu't see it. Or, if he docs, he won't be lieve his senses.'' 'You think he doesn't sec it? Well, I con fess I hoped — I mean, I thought it impossible that he should ? ' ' Should think of marrying Miss Jenks r Rather ! ' Then, after glancing at Miss Susan's half-averted face, the old woman went on in a gentler tone, ' and I'll tell you what, my dear, I don't believe he'll ever think of any woman in lhat way. He has gone through a deal of trouble. You can see it in his face ; and, besides, I've noticed words that Madame Martin has let drop. He has regularly sacrificed himself to his family. That's no secret ; and, among the other troubles, there may have been a love- trouble. I daresay there was, for there's plenty of fire and feeling in those eyes of his. But if there waf, it's been dead and buried this many a year. Only — with some men, the ghost of such a trouble walks u and I think he's one of 'em.' Presently Madame Martin came back and told them that Mr. Hughes had a nervous headache, aud would, go to bed at once. Neither d;d Claude re turn to the drawing-room that evening ; but, after making up his accounts in the solitude of the bureau, repaired to his own chamber. William, whose room adjoined Claude's, was sitting there in the dark when he heard his nephew's step, and called to him to come in and speak with him for a moment. Claude was graver than usual. He had been thinking, for once, of others instead of being ex clusively occupied with himself ; and so ennobling was even this passing glance of unselfishness, that the lad's face wore a manlier look than his uncle had ever seen on it. ' I merely wanted to say, Claude, in reference to our conversation downstairs,' said William, ' that this man Coney is not to blame. He could not know that he was touching on a subject full of such deep sorrow to me. But if he recurs to it, tell him that I have emphatically assured you that — the man is no kith or kin of yours, even iu the remotest degree, and bid him never mention his name to me.' Claude stood with his candle in his baud look ing earnestly at his uncle. ' Don't you think you had better get to rest mw, Uncle William?' he said. 'I'm afraid your head must be very bad ; your face looks so drawn.' ' I will — I will, my boy. Good uiglit.' Claude still lingered. ' I don't want; to hurry you,' he said, ' but this man, this Daltoii- you say he is a. scoundrel ?' ' A black villain.' ' And ho brought injury and disgrace on our family years ago ?' ' Irreparably.' ' 1 should like to know — I think I have u right to know — did his villainy affect — my mother ' Your mother? It affected us all, but not her chiefly,' answered William, as if doubtful of the drift of this question. Then, after a- glance at his nephew's face, lie added quickly, 'Your mother, Claude, was one of the sweetest and most stainless souls on earth. You can never think of her too highly.' Claude drew a long breath of relief, and, wish ing his uncle 'good night,' softly closed the door, and went away. ' I suppose, after all, it was some rascality con nected with money,' he said to himself, as he was undressing. ' I know my grandfather was ruined by the bad behaviour of somebody — Larcher told me that — and the shock killed him. That must account for Uncle William's taking it so deeply to heart.' ( To be continued.) 