THE GHOST AT THE RED FARM. By Mabel Collins, Author of "The Prettiest Woman in Warsaw," &o.;, &o.; The Red Farm is a quiet old house standing in a solitary spot in Berkshire. It is a very long drive from the nearest market town, but that market town when reaohed is but a brief journey from London. To Lucy Fielding, the light and life of the Bed Farm a few short years ago, London was but a name. She hod spent all her bright, brief, girlish life in the woods and meadows of ber father's land, living with nature, and learning nothing about men and women. She knew nobody, as a matter of fact, but her father, Luke Fielding, and George Hayward, who owned the next farm. She was left motherless when a mece child. Her father's Bister had kept house for him after his wife's death, and reared Lucy, but she, too, had long since joined the majority. And Luoy was left alone with her father and two old servants. She scarcely spoke to any one else, social life being conducted on the arbitrary principles common in English country places. The Squire's daughters nodded to Luoy when they met her in the lanes. The clergyman's wife I stopped and spoke to her for two or three minutes. And that was all Luoy saw of the world. There was George Hayward, of course, stout and red faced at twenty-five years of age. He had an admirable character, but no con versation. But Lucyneed not be pitied. Shewas infinitely bappywith her pets and ber flowers, and her many useful occupations. She had not yet learned the meaning of the word unhappi ness. But it was to come. The Bed Farm was a small house, but solid and full of comfort. Its name came to it Bimply because it was built of substantial warm-coloured red brick, whilst most of the j houses in the neighbourhood were of a cold ! grey cement. Luke Fielding had been wild, | so it was said, when be was young; but when hie father died andieft him the broad farm | and the comfortable bouse, he came home, he settled down and married. It was late in | life for a countryman to marry, but he made his young wife happy, and when she died Lucy became bis idol. He was a grave man ! now, saddened and hardened by his experience of the world, and stem sometimes to others; I to Lucy always gentle. But he was never de monstrative. If there was a want in Lucy's | young life, it was that of expressed love. It was certainly a want, but as yet she did not realize it. Her fate came one day, as it arrives to most of us, in a very simple manner; the fate whioh was to teach her life and tarn the light hearted girl into a woman. She was loitering about the garden one after noon, admiring her rose-trees, when a stranger came to the gate, and looked at the house, then at Lucy. Then he opened the gate a little, raised nis Hill anu auuresseu uer. " Mr. Luke Fielding lives here, does he not ?" "Yes," answered Lucy, "Do you wish to see him ? I think he is in the house," At that moment her father came to the door. It was summer, and all the doors and windows stood open; hearing her voice he imagined she was addressing him. He came out, his after-dinner pipe in his mouth. When he saw the visitor who asked for him, he slowly took the pipe from his mouth and held it in his hand. His colour changed; a prey shade stole over his face. " Frank Desmond! he exclaimed, "I thought you were dead!" "What a cheerful sort of welcome," said Desmond with a laugh. He entered, closed the Sate behind him and sauntered up to the house oor. " I iook pretty well for a revived corpse, don't I!" There was certainly nothing ghostly about him. It was twenty years since these men had been friends, but Desmond was not much changed. He had a fine figure, well oarried; at a glance you saw he was a soldier. His long moustache was half grey, and his black hair was grizzled, but his bold black eyes were just the same as ever, and rested on Lucy with the insolent admiration he had offered to every pretty girl he had met in the course of an adventurous life. Luoy thought him very handsome, and no wonder; Frank Desmond had the gift of fascinating women. With an uneasy glance at Lucy, Luke Fielding led the way into the house. He shut the window of the sitting-room into which he took Desmond. Lucy lingered in the garden, wondering how long the visitor would stay, and secretly wishing for another glance at him as be went out. She was immensely astonished when Bhe found he did not go away ; he was at the tea table, and at the supper table, and ate like a man who had been famished, with an eager, ravenous hunger which soon passed. Luke Fielding regarded him constantly with cold eyes, saying but little. Desmond, on the contrary, made himBelf very agreeable. He was a practised raconteur and could amuse most companies. He watohed Lucy's face to see what kind of talk pleased her most, and ee kept her in a state of delight and interest such as she had never known before. But her surprise was unlimited when her father told her to have a room made ready for Desmond, as he was going to stay the night. Such a thing had never happened before as the arrival of an unexpected visitor to stay in the houee. Desmond stayed alt night and many nights .afterwards. Luke Fielding was manifestly uneasy, but he seemed to be powerless. Lucy could not understand the position at all, but she was entering upon a new world of feeling, which soon occupied all her mind and thoughts. She was not much alone with Desmond, for her father prevented it; but when chance gave them a few minutes to gether he made the most of them. It was in the evenings, and at the dinner-table, that Desmond flung his spell upon her. He talked to her father, but for her. To Lucy, it seemed .that she had been asleep always till he came. She never thought of love; she looked on Frank Desmond as her father's contemporary, though, as a matter of fact, he was much younger. But when, notlong after Desmond's arrival, George Hayward asked her to marry him, in his Bimple, straightforward way, she was startled at her own feelings. She shrank passionately from the idea of the dull com panionship of the young farmer. And yet, she had sense enough to ask herself, what could she expeot that would be more agree able ? Desmond would soon go (for he was always talking about going), and then she would have no one to speak to but her father, who seemed to her colder and sterner than ever. So he was; but not from want of love. A silent fear of the consequences of his own aots, of his own early follies, chilled him. He could not shake off Frank Desmond, and the thought of his helplessness maddened him. Lucy refused George Hayward as gently as she knew how, for she had long felt that he really cared for her. And when he told her he must go away for a time, to get over it, she felt she should miss his continued good nature nnd the many kind little offices he found occa eion to do lor her. But not as she would mis Desmond when be went! Oh. no; that was strangely different. Desmond fascinated her, and she was beginning to have a kind of awe- , etruok admiration for bim as for a being of another world. For he told her—when they were alone, not when Luke Fielding was present—how he was a nobleman's son, who bad been oast from the lofty sphere to which be was born in undeserved misfortune. She felt profoundly sorry for him; and that, with women of Lucy's stamp, is fatal. At last, one day when he thought he had prepared the way sufficiently, he tilled Lucy's cup of amazement to the brim by asking her to marry him. Such a thought had never entered her head; and she forgot that he was much older than herself; forgot that his hair was turning grey{ while Bhe was in the first fresh ness of her girlhood; forgot to wonder whether her father would approve of such a marriage, and whether Desmond was in a position to ask for her. All these things were as nothing. She only felt the honour done her by this man, who had lived among noble and beautiful women, and that to yield to the fascination he exercised over her would be a wonderful joy. She felt dimly uneasy when she thought of her father, that was all. After she had gone to her room that night Desmond told her father what had happened. They were sitting smoking—Desmond, as always, helping himself out of his host's tobacco jar. "Isuppose, Fielding," he said in his mosb urbane manner, "you have noticed how I admire your daughter ?" "Leavemy little girl alone, Frank," said Luke Fielding sternly, "or it will be the worse for yon." "OhJE will not do her any harm!" replied Frank Desmond complacently. "I want to marry her." Luke Fielding took the pipe from his mouth, as if to regard Desmond the better, just as he had done when he saw the visitor at the gate, bub this time bis hand trembled so that the pipe fell to the ground and was smashed into little pieces. DeBmond looked at him with cool contempt. "Don't get angry, Luke," he said; "It's a waste of energy. 1 mean to marry her." "1 will kill you with my own hands, as I would a mad dog, before you shall marry my innocent girl and make her life miserable. You scoundrel! Yon ought not to be under the same roof with her, you ought not to sit at the same table. Marry her; Never'. the very thought is like blasphemy. You blighted my life; you shall not blight hers." tl ,Iia I...... TT„ was too angry to stay near Desmond. His hands longed to clutch the throat of this man he so hated and feared and crush the life out of him. The cool air refreshed him a little. He put his quivering hand to his forehead, damp with the dew of passion. " There will be murder done if he stays here long!" he said to himself "Marry my Lucy ! that black villain, turned out by his own father, turned out of the army, turned out of every honest place! Why does he want to marry her? Oh, I see it—I see it, fool that I am. He knows my Lucy is all I have, and that I shall leave her in comfort. He is getting on in life, and hates work. He will steal her heart that he may have a table to sit at when I am dead. O, my poor child, what a fate for you! I must save you, come what will. How can I do it ? While I live you shall be safe— but afterwards!" Lucy had heard the raised voices, had heard the front door opened and shut again. Had her lover been sent away? With a beating heart she crept downstairs, and softly approached the half-open door of the parlour. Frank Desmond sat there alone, a curious smile on his face. At his feet lay the broken fragments of Luke Fielding's pipe. Lucy, entering, glanced at these fragments, and guessed there had been a scene. She flew to her lover like a frightened bird, and be took her in bis arms. He altered bis expression for her the instant he heard her step; he was a consummate actor. Luoy only saw m him a passionate, earnest lover. She hid her face on his shoulder, for she was crying a little with terror. Luke Fielding, entering, saw this picture, and saw the smile of triumph on ] Desmond's face, ill-concealed. " Lucy," he said, sternly, " go to your room. This man is a scoundrel, not worthy to touch j your hand He is deceiving you if he has told 1 you he loves you. He is incapable of such a I feeling. I have decided what to do. You re- ( fused George Hay ward the other day. He is ; faithful. He told me that if you altered your j mind be would ask you again. You will marry , him. I will see that you do. I will provide ; against accidents. I give this information for : the benefit of this man who pretends he cares for you. To-morrow I shall ride into town and make a new will. I shall leave you penniless unless you marry George Hayward. Go to your room now, and do not leave it in the ( morning. Lucy went silently away and crept upstairs, terrified. She had never seen her father like this before. She dared not speak to hiin, or plead for herself. The motherless, friendless girl, was naturally timid, and quite unable to take her own part. Luke Fielding went away to his own room without another word_ to Desmond, who sat for some time thinking. Desmond knew Fielding well, and knew he would carry out all he had said. Before he went to bed he went out of the house again and round to the stableB. When hecamedown to breakfastin the morn ing Fielding had gone out. His good bay mare had been saddled early; he had his farm to attend to, and intended to ride into town, see his lawyer, and ride back in time for the work of the day. He had the key of Lucy's room in his pocket, and felt safe about her. He was sure Desmond would go in search of better game when be knew the will had really been made, So he went off fairly contented with his extreme measures. Desmond discussed an excellent breakfast in solitary state. He had been living so tem perate a life of late in order to carry out his scheme that his health was comparatively good. But he was full of hungry longing to go back to his accustomed ways. | Before he rose from the table some men came hurriedly to the door. They were men ; on the farm, and knew the house well. The door was only latched ; they opened it and [ came into the large kitchen. '' Where's Miss Lucy ?" asked one of them. "Upstairs," answered the old cook, who was busy by the fire. " Why 1 And what are ye in here for with your muddy boots !" " The master's been thrown, said the man; "the doctor's with him and says he's dying. They are carrying him home." "Thrown—by Bess!" said the cook, staring in astonishment. " Can't make it out," was the answer, " but it's true. Here they are." In another moment a dismal procession had reached the dcor, and softly entered the house. Luke Fielding was laid on a wide old settee that stood under the window, which wa9 gay with Lucy's flowers. " I don't think he'll recover consciousness," said the village doctor, who had just been starting on his rounds in his old-fashioned gig when summoned to Luke Fielding, who lay in the road like one already dead. But he did recover consciousness. Heopened his eyes and said faintly, ■■ Where's Lury?'' The old cook, who knew all that had hap pened, took the key of Lucy's room from ius coat pocket. She ran upstairs, her dim eyes blinded with tears, for Fielding had been a good master, and all his dependents loved, though tbey feared him. In a few minutes she returned with Lucy, who was white as death herself. "Here's Miss Luoy, master," said the old woman gently. Luke Fielding heard, and opening his eyes, fixed them on his daughter. " This is his work, Lucy," he said, in a strange voice, "I know it; he is a deviL I said I would kill him sooner than he should marry you, and I will if I have to come back from the grave to do it." He spoke so low it was bud to hear him. Desmond, who was close by, leaned forward, and Fielding caught Bight of him. He stopped speaking, and with a terrible effort, suddenly raised himself and clutched with his two hands at Desmond's throat. In that effort spirit and body parted; i he fell baok dead. It was awful; and all those who surrounded him drew away in silence, saying no word the one to the other, Lucy was left mistress of the Red Farm, and with a comfortable fortune. This she soon learned from the lawyer, who came over io the funeral and read the will. Annuities were left to the old servants and every thing else to Luoy. Sue took no interest in what happened; she seemed prostrated by the sudden blow. She crepb quietly about the house in her deep mourning, looking pale and wan. Desmond had removed himself to the village inn before the funeral took place and stayed there. He was unpopular, all the rustics be lieving that he had played some trick with the mare, though for what reason they knew not. But he stayed on in the dull village, some times visiting Lucy for half an hour in the afternoon. This was all, but it was enough— she could notfree herseif from the spell he had cast on her. At the end of three months their banns were published. They were married very quietly one morning in the village church. Desmond paid his bill at the inn and returned to his old quarters at the Red Farm. And then Lucy began to understand what she bad done. Directly they were married he threw off the mask he'bad worn so long, for he was very tired of playing a part. He had won his prize, and now he meant to enjoy it. It was Christmas time; a year and a month after Lucy's marriage. She stood in the old parlour, among the old surroundings; but how changed herself ! It was late; she was lis tening for the creak of the gate, for a step on toe pain. Frank Desmond was one of those expert and practised drunkards who can walk with a sol dierly gate when other men would fall help less by the way; who can retain their cunning until the final moment when drowsiness clouds all the faculties. He had been drinking steadily now for a year, and he cleverly changed the scene of action during the twenty-four hours from the house to the inn, and sometimes to the market town. He did what he liked almost; Lucy was like a terrified child in bis hands. For the first month, or perhaps not so long, he had kept up the show of a certain feeling for her, but he soon got tired of that. He spent money like water, asking for it in the early days with the manner of a lover. But that quickly pasBed; he demanded it defiantly, sometimes threateningly, and at last began to assume an air of injured pride at having to recognise that it was bers and not his. He had earned a name of dread in the neighbourhood; rumours of his evil reputation had come from London through the squire, and every one looked pityingly on Lucy. But no one could help her, no one wished to approach her. She was quite alone. She had chosen this man, and must stay by him. Ho made love to the village girls, he lay in his bed half the day sleeping oif the effects of drink, he expected to be waited on like a prince, and he had not a kind word for any one, even for Lucy— indeed, less for her than for any one. She passed her life in shame and fear. And now she was frightened at a new aspect of things. She saw that the farm was going to ruin for want of a master; she saw her tittle fortune melting, without anything being put by to replace it. She dreaded the disgrace of debt, which seemed close at hand, to her amazement, and she found courage enough in her trembling heart to wait up this night and speak to Desmond earnestly. She hod been looking over the accounts, and she was frightened. She knew from bitter experience that it was useless to speak to Desmond in the morning, that, like most habitual drunkards when in their swing, he had no sense till he had taken enough to make an ordinary man foolish. So one determined do speaa to mm Go-mguo. jl ue account books all lay on the table; she had but just risen from her seat, and stood listen ing. Yes, that was the creak of the gate and the familiar step on the path. He was coming through the garden where she had first seen him. There waB snow now where there were roses then—as there was iee in her heart now which bad once been full of love. He came in and flung himself into a chair. Heavens was this dull sot the man she had loved ! Love had not made a woman of Lucy; she was too gentle and timid for it to effect the great transformation. But indignation and righteous anger changed her. The bitter consciousness that thisevilcreature was wasting her whole live gave her a new strength. She spoke to him; for the first time she told him her mind. His glazed eye followed her as she moved restlessly about the room speaking out all her injured heart. But at last be roused himself. He got up from his chair and walked to the mantelpiece with a true soldier's swagger, where he pro ceeded to fill a pipe and light it. "You poor, pale, useless piece of goods," he said. " Can you ever have been so foolish as to think I liked you ? I that have bad the prettiest women in Europe at my feet? Bah! When I've finished your money—and accord ing to your story it will soon be at an end—I shall have finished you, never fear. I'd quite enough of you and your white whimpering ways long ago. I like a fine woman. Dont be afraid, when the money's done you'll have seen the last of me. Put that in your pipe and smoke it, and don't bother me any more! Good God, what's that!" He staggered back like a man Btruek. Luoy, who stood silent, turned to stone by the words she had beard, thought it was only some drunken fancy. But to ber amazement he dropped his pipe and began to fight desperately as if for dear life. His hands passed wildly to and. fro before bis throat; he bent himself backwards ; then he violently turned aside as if he had wrenched himself free from some unseen adversary. But a moment after the same dreadful struggle began again, j Then he began to stagger about the room as if trying to escape from some one or something. Hb passed close to Lucy, apparently not seeing her, but wildly struggling with some imaginary thing that fastened at bis throat. Lucy, petrified with the horror of the scene, stood perfectly still, without the strength even to leave the room or call for help. But presently she heard a panting voice beside ber, " Ma'am, what is itand she knew the old cnok was at her side. In his desperate struggles Desaioud had knocked agiiust the tables and chaita, and made a noise loud enough to alarm the old ser vant, who had hurried Jdownstairs ex peoting to have to protect Lucy from some attack from her drunken husband. What she saw astonished her as it astonished Lucy, and both stood in perfect silence, watching the extr&ordinaiy; scene. Desmond went on fighting, without uttering a sound after the first cry of alarm; it seemed as if he could not —as if something prevented him. All round the room, onoe, twice, three times, he passed — knooking against the wall and the furniture with the desperate indifference oi a man fighting for his life and losing the battle. At last he fell on one knee as if forced down—his head fell back—how dark and bloated his face locked ? " He's inad, I think," whispered tue old uwjk; "come out of the room, ma'am. 111 run for the doctor." "Ob, don't leave me alone!" cried Luoy, as the woman drew her into the passage. " Come with me, then," said the servant, as she opened the door and ran out into the cold night air. The snow lay on the ground, bub the doctor's house was not far distant. Lucy, her teeth chattering from fear and cold, ran with old Hannah over the snowy ground rather than stay in.the house. The doctor had not gone to bed, and came quickly out of hie warm . parlour, where he had been comfortably drink ing a final glass of grog. He was a pleasant, rough, good- natured man ; like every one else he was very sorry for Lucy. He drew her hand undei his arm to help her back to the Bed Farm, for she tottered as she walked. They were soon back in thB large kitchen of the farm, Desmond lay stretched on the ground. The doctor bent over him, examined him quickly, th6n suddenly fetched a lamp pla and placed it on the ground by his side to see the better. After a moment or two he looked up with a strange expression at the two women; his brown face looked pale. "He is dead," he said. "He has been strangled ! Let me look at your hands—No— they are too small—you could not have done it." The doctor gave a certificate of death, writing down the cause as heart disease. He had known Lucy all her life, and had been good friends with Luke Fielding. It seemed to him that no good could come of an inquest and of public enquiry into an occurrence so strange. There was no way of accounting for those great black marks on Desmond's throat. But iu spite of this attempt to hush the matter up there was talk, for the very night after Desmond's deach Lucy and the two women Bervants rushed out into the snowy garden in the night, roused from their beds by the sound of the same awful struggle as that of the night before in the farm kitchen ! They were too terrified to stay within doors. At last the sounds died away, after they had heard the heavy thud of a body falling on the floor. All was still; there was nowhere else to go; so, holding tightly each to the other they re entered the house and crept upstairs, to sit trembling together till daylight came. This happened every night for a week, and at last all three women were so completely un nerved and worn out that they could bear it no longer. Directly the funeral was over Lucy left the house and went to 6ome small lodgings in the village. She could live quietly like this without any anxiety, in spite of the bad con dition the farm had fallen into; and she determined to do so, and to try and find a capable bailiff to get the land into good order again. One day the clergyman of the parish called on her, wearing a very grave face. " Is it true, Mrs. Desmond," he said, " the extraordinary story I hear that you could not live at the Bed Farm after your husband's death, because it is haunted "Yes," said Lucy, very much agitated by the question. " Will you 1st me have the key for a night ?" he asked, "I should like to hear these Bounds." "Willingly," said Lucy, "but do not go alone!" He Bmiled at her warning. But there was no smile on his face when he brought the key back two days afterwards. "I have spent two nights at the farm," he said, " and I cannot account for what happens there. It is as if a devil was in the place. The first night I heard the struggle so distinctly I could not believe my own eyes, which told me the room was empty. The second night I took my man-servant with me, and I doubt if I should have escaped with my life otherwise, for I was myself attacked. Never have I felt anything so horrible as that clutch at my throat. He dragged me out of the room, and I got over it. But I shall never forget it. Mrs. Desmond, you should have the house pulled down." Two years later Lticy changed the unlucky name Bhe had taken, and became Mrs. George Hayward, for the quiet farmer was faithful. George Hayward was a simple man in society, but he was an excellent farmer, and under bis management Lucy's property soon bscame valuable again. She had found a good bailiff. The Bed Farm still stands, locked up, and the windows barred; it is Htdf covered with ivy, and Lucy's old garden is a riot of long grass and wild flowers. For no one will live in the house. Sometimes a party is made up to go and stand in the garden and listen to the awful struggle which nightly takes place in the old kitchen. But since the clergyman's experience no one has been found daring enough to spend a night in the kitchen itself. I 