\- KILLARNEY. B3Y PETER 1M'CLUSCEY. WE visited Tore Waterfall. This is a fine fall, about 60 feet in height, situated in a ravine called Owengariff. It is not far from Muckross. The Devil's punch bowl is a little above the fall, in a stream which fortis thes fall. Paddy Lynch said to us one evening-To-morrow I am going to take you to the' Gap' of Dunlo. You will require to be up early, and you will meet some very strange people along that road. Take care of your money, and don't speak too mnuch of it among them. There will be whiskey for sale in many ways, and do not take too much of it as it is very strong, and I can say nothing, as the people would quarrel with me if I did. Paddy was honest and trustworthy in every way. We started in a car about 10 o'clock. We met a number of men something like a band of gipsies, not very nice looking nor very well clad. What are these, Paddy? These are the boys with horses; we cannot drive any further, you must either hire horses or walk. Every man was praising his own horse, and pressing it on us. Mr. M'Neal said-I won't ride, I'm too heavy, you had better try the horses and find one that Mrs. M'Neal can ride. I picked one, and when I got into the saddle the owner gave him the whip behind and he ran backwards very fast, taking me under a blackthorn bush, and I was thrown over his ears on to the road. iVasn't nch hlurt, but a littlo ,t t....a. anM .1 ..,a. ,lria. I will t..-d4 tlhat iron trey mare, a very nice young mare, in good condition. Oh, your honour, that mare isn't trained, you will get killed if you take her. Well, give me the one that is not trained if this is the way you train your horses. I was a good horseman at t the time, and was in the habit of breaking-in Smy own horses. I got on the iron-grey filly; she was perfectly quiet, but young. I tried three or four, and got one for Mrs. M'Neal. I went cantering along and left the others behind. I had a good horse, and enjoyed the ride. Coming near a bridge a tall thin woman ran out r on the road and I pulled up. She said, arrah, e sure, won't you go in and see Kate Kearney a who lives on the lakes of Killarney ? I looked t round and saw there was a nice whitewashed t cottage with a thatched roof, and a signboard with Kate Kearney printed on it-no other s inscription. I was a good distance ahead of the others so I hitched up my horse and went in. t It seemed to be a kind of an inn, very clean, d and everything looked well. Kate sold bog oak e necklaces and bracelets and many other orna I ments, likenesses, and views of the lakes; and s she sold very good whiskey as well. I had a n trial of the whiskey and purchased some trinkets. Es The others came up, and -Mr. M'Neal had a y pretty long walk and a fast one, as the perspira y tion was running front hhu and he seemed d very tired. They came in without being invited, o and Mr. M'Neal was very thirsty, so we all had d some of Kate's whiskey. Mrs. M'Neal purchased at a good many things from Kate Kearney. This it is the best day's sport I have had in Ireland. e Mr. M-Neal is a squatter in New South Wales. is I hope he will not get offended by my writing his name.. Leaving Kate's cottage we met a number of younmg women knitting socks and' offering them for sale. I purchased some. A little distance further on a gun was fired, and a boy ran after me crying-arrah, shaure, will you not pay for the powder ? What powder? Did you not hear the cannon and the fine echo ? I wanted no cannon fired. But, your honour, we fired it for you, plase give us something to pay for the powder. I am only the servant, my master and mistress are coming on behind, they will pay you for the powder. So I escaped for once. In a short time I heard a fine real Aus tralian cooee, and a long wonderful echo. I thought Mac was in trouble, so I turned back. This is the place where the most wonderful echo is heard in the gap of Dunlo. Paddy sounded his bugle, and the echo was really splendid. We cooeed again. The echo from the cooee was the best of the lot. The stocking knitters came up to hear the wonderful noise of the Australian cooee, and echo, and they laughed until some of them could not stand, but they also commenced to learn the cooee, and the different voices and strange attempts they made to cooee, was the most amusing of all. I cantered on ahead again and heard beautiful music and singing. Pulled up the horse and began to think I had got on to the enchanted isle. Did not well know what to do, but I advanced slowly and with caution, rather spell bound. I espied an old man under a rock playing a violin, and his wife singing an Irish song in the Irish language. How such fine music could possibly come from only two persons I could not tell. It must be on account of the echo between the mountains. I listened for some time in admiration, and gave them one shilling. Cantered along again, and got to the top of the hill. The road was cut on the side of the hill, and there was a. precipice on one side not fenced. Suddenly out ran eight fine young om.nn' This avre mne a dieat fright. I though sure enough I have got among u nt...h o. they speak so much of in this country, and I did not feel very comfortable. They had no boots or stockings, and wore short petticoats of red and white striped woollen cloth. Their hair was very nicely done up, and they were really very handsome. They could take the shine out of any of the ladies that we see doing the block in Collins street for beauty. I said-Do you want to frighten my horse, and throw me over this precipice ? Oh, no, your honour, we don't, we have here the best mountain dew in all Ire land, that has never seen the guager, and goat's milkl They had all a black bottle in each hand. Well, if that is all that is not so bad after all. But' I was suspicious, and commenced asking them several questions, and found they were intelligent and well informed on many subjects, especially in piety. Well, you are not fairies after all. But they were the nearest approach to fairies I have ever seen. By this time the others of the party arrived on the scene, and the old man and his wife that were singing the Irish song ivith them. Hullo, Maec, what the deuce have you gdt here ? I do not know, I thought I had got amongst the fairies. Well, Mac, they are good looking fairies at anyrate; what have they in the bottles ? Whiskey and goat's milk. Well, let us have some of it, fairies or no fairies. Mac was walking, and I daresay getting tired and thirsty. The old woman that was singing got the first glass. She seemed to like it well, and licked her lips after it, so we ordered her another, and we all had some. Mr. M'Neal called out-if you fairies dance an Irish reel I will give you half-a-crown. Out the eight stood in their places in an instant. The fiddler struck up the music and off they went with an eight. handed reel with all the life and spirit that cannot be seen in any other country but Ireland. I have seen good dancing in many places, but I have never seen any dancers to beat them. They did not miss. one single note in the time, nor make any mistake in the figures of the reel. They had no boots, and it was a hard metalled road, but smooth. How they danced was sur prising. They also danced an Irish jig and other dances. The twilight was coming on and we had some distance to go to a boat that was sent for us from the hotel to return by water, and give up the horses. I was very anxious to get to the boat before it got dark, but my com panion was quite satisfied where l?e was, making a bargain with one of the girls to comes to Aus tralia. At last I would wait no longer; and started off. My comnanion cried out--Now, Bridget, if you get to the boat before that gentle: man I will give you 5s. I rode at a pretty hard canter, but to my surprise not only Bridget but all the eight were at the boat before me. How they got there I could not tell, as I had not seen them on the road anywhere. The company came up in a short time after my arrival, and Bridget was paid the 5s. We had doch and dhorris, and offered payment, but they would not take any more money, they said we had spent money enough with them. On the passage to Muckross it was a fine moonlight night, and Paddy pointed out the cottage the Queen lunched in-a nice whitewashed cottage with a thatched roof. The boatmen sang songs in Irish, and between the songs Paddy Lynch would describe the land marks. There was the O'Donohoe's Broom-a tree on a headland like a broom in shape; the O'Donohoe honeycomb-a honey combed rock; and there was a city in the bot tom of the lake, and sometimes the houses and church steeples could be seen through the water when it was clear; and many other ghost and fairy tales-a lot of nonsense, but Paddy would get out of temper if we did not believe in them. He really believed them himself. Arrived at the hotel rather late. Next day went early and bid the monks good bye, and heard a very grand and impressive sermon. Nearly every word of it I could write now, but " One of your Readers" may get offended, and think I was desirous to take the trade out of his hands. Went and ins pected Munckross Abbey again, and on a good large old gravestone was inscribed-" Glory in excelsis. Sacred to the memory of Cornelius Mahoney," and many others of the same family. I forget the dates of births and deaths. I under stand this is the grave of the forefathers of the Mahoneys of Bacchus Marsh. Also saw Dan. O'Connell's house, and Lord Kemnare's. The poet is justified in singing the beautiful song, " Killarney." We took the train for Mallow on the Blackwater. A very nice village. Put up at a hotel kept by a Mrs. Fitzpatrick. When the table was laid for tea the waiter begged for money before we even had tasted food. I caught him by the back of the neck and ran him before me into another room before the landlady, and enquired if she allowed her waiter to insult food. She said she did. I thought I would not put up there if I came again that way. Took the train to Limerick, and put up at the Glen worth hotel again. My Australian friends soon after left on their return to Australia, through America. I gave them my American guide book, with some notes I had written in America. They had been travelling for two years before I met them, so I was left alone .again, but I soon found my former Limerick friends. (To be.continued.) 