PERSONAL PARS. Lord Lytton (Owen Meredith) died in his chair while writing a poem. Castine is able to sleep well o' nights now that the suspense is ended. Hamlet is down at Hobart, but he is only mad on science, not ghosts. Alphonse Daudet, the creator of Tarascon, despises the French Academy. J. M. Barrie is the new literary boom in London. Who will be the next % Sir John Downer is in New Zealand—probably to remonstrate with Democrat Ballance. George Fowler says the labor party are driving " liquid " capital away. Quiz would smile. Last session the Assembly sat 588 hours; and in the session of 1890 for 629 hours 6 minutes. There is a great difference between teetotalism and temperance. Quiz belongs to the temperance party. John L. Sullivan says he will punch the head off that fellow Slavin whenever they meet. Paper talk, as usual. Sammy Way says the Canadians are quite loyal to the British sovereign—yes, the one made at the Mint. The Khedive of Egypt, who pegged out last week, spoke English, German, French, and Italian, most fluently. Bell & Davis, alias Bloom & Douglas, the Sydney absconders, have opened a big business as opium smugglers in the Pacific. Will the new Chief Secretary bring m a bill to restore their Sunday dinner beer to the working men of West Adelaide ? The Church prayers for rain at Broken Hill have been cheaper but not more effective than Caldwell's sky explosions. Jenkins is studying public works, and has already learnt the difference between tensile strength and transverse strain. The Terror of Russia possesses forty-four uniform s,^only one of which he has not donned— that of a Russian Field Marshal. Prince Collars and Cuffs is wondering how he could suggest to all the grovellers that they might send along those wedding presents in the shape of cheques. Belle Bilton has presented her peer with twins, and the future Earl Clancarty has a piece of red worsted tied around his leg for purposes of identification. It is a peculiar coincidence that there was precisely the same number of divisions (206) in the House of Assembly in each of the two sessions of this Parliament. David Christie Murray, read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest that the Sheriff of Glasgow has, according to the English Pearson's Weekly, said that 30,000 people get drunk in that city every Saturday night. . Charles W. Dix, Captain of the Kensington (London) football team, and who now plays for the county of Middlesex, is a native of Adelaide. He is only 24 years of age. Frank Cotton, the Sydney labor M.P., is a native of Adelaide, and his dad was a very " white" Quaker, who erected the first post office clock in this town. New Minister of Education Copley says that what chiefly reconciled him to leaving the Lands Department was the hope of escaping from the pursuit of Ash on the land question. Parson C. L. Marson, the Fabian socialist, in a letter to the Press, now contributes his quota towards deprecating the tyranny of the "brother hood of the pump " re Sunday closing. Fresh from the smiles of the aristocracy, Lieutenant-Governor Chief Justice Samuel J. Way could not help catching a glimpse of loyalty in the wild eye of a backwood's socialist. Has Colonel Tom Price bought Melbourne Bohemia ? That lively publication is boosting the "strike" hero for all he is worth, but never says a word about "fire low and lay 'em out." The Earl of Carclew puts this head line in his paper—"Interesting Letter from Chief Justice Way." Actually no mention of the Lieutenant- Governorship ! But "interesting" is distinctly good. The screed is about as interesting as a Sunday School annual report. Knutsford—" Say, who's this new fellow they've appointed Agent-General for South Aus-v tralia ?" Clerk—" Sir John Cox Bray, my lord." K.—" Oh ! We shan't have the bother of making another shoddy knight, then." Adulator Way, in^a letter to Honest Tom, says —" No one can travel in Canada without being struck with the loyalty of the people to the British Crown." What is the value of the testimony of a man who received a Lieutenant- Governorship from Her thrifty Grashus 1 The Baptists have missed a grand opportunity for booming their Church during the dry spell at Broken Hill. If they had carted along their baptism tank nearly every resident would have been glad to be converted once a week for the sake of the regenerating dip. Local option is the first syllable of total prohibition, and Sunday-closing is meant to be the first step to complete closing on Mondays and Saturdays and every other day. Most local optionists admit this, and their newspaper holds it out as the goal to be striven for by every means. Poor Poo-Bah Knight has been promoted from the Northern Territory to a more congenial climate let us hope. There was not a more unselfish mortal in Australia than J. G., and if he were the stanchest plutocrat, a red hot fiery anarchist could not quarrel with him about it, he was so good natured. The Royal Commissions ordered by the Assembly must be appointed. What is the dodge in delaying the appointments until late in the recess 1 Is it that the Commissioners shall still feel the bond of obligation towards the Ministry during the session, and so be less likely to vote with the Opposition ? Mr. Melba won the champion foils at Brussels, and carried all before him at duelling sword work. As he beat all the members of the Salle Dupont boxing establishment bar one, and has a pedigree quite as honorable as that of the Due D'Orleans, the reason why that gentleman declines to fight Captain Armstrong requires no explanation. 