A CHRISTIAN TO BE COPIED. [By the Rev. Theodore L. Cutler. D.D.] While some good people are overpraised there are others who hardly geb their dues. One of these too much neglected worthies is Barnabas, the " Son of Consolation," or " Son of Exhortation," as some Bible scholars Erefer to render it. How seldom do we hear is name mentioned either in the pulpit or the lecture-hall, or anywhere else. Yet, to my fancy, he is one of the noblest of the Ne-v Testament heroes. As a blind person may detect the presence of a rose by its fragranco, so this good man's character exhales a peculiarly sweet perfume of godliness to those who_ will study it. He was just the sort of Christian needed in all our churches in these days. The Bible is very chary of eulogies, but it does not hesitate to call him "a good man and full of the Holy Spirit." In three or four vital points he is a Christian to be copied. 1\. He was a native of the island ot Cyprus, which was renowned for the worship of Venus, and the very name "Cyprian" is still a synonym of impurity. But, as the brightest light is kindled on a point that comes out of a bed of charcoal, so this light-bearer of the Gospel came out of a very dark region of de bauchery and idolatry. His original name was Joseph; but another name was given him after his conversion to Christ. They christened him Barnabas, the Son of Consolation. That is a name to be proud of, and it comprehends a vast deal: it signifies a helper of the weak, a guide to the wanderer, a comforter of the sad, a suceourer of the perishing, with an eye to discover misery and a hand to relieve it. My old friend William Arnob has well said that this name bespeaks a fine character. "To possess consolation is to give it; nob to give it is not to possess it. The more of it you have the more you may give; and the more you give to others the more you retain for your own use. This circle when it is set agoing moves perpetually, like the sea giving out its waters to the sky, and the sky sending back the boon by therain and the rivers to the seaagain." The power of this man lay in the same quality that characterised nearly all those first converts to Christianity, and that was their superabound ing sympathy. Their Bharing with each other of the good things and their " breaking of bread" together from house to house were tide marks to show how high the flood of love was rising in their hearts. "Communism" is a very ugly word as it is often spelled by some people, but there is a genuine communism of heart and Christly sym pathy that is sorely needed in many of our churches in order to keep them from degenerating into exolusive social clubs. Barnabas, if in New York or Brooklyn or London now, would likely be found in a mission church for the half or the whole of every ,;Sabbath. He would show us how to bridge the chasm between wealth and poverty, and between Christian cul ture and city heathenism. On many an evening during the week he would be found beside the squalid bed of sickness or amid the swarming outcasts of the slums. When the members of our churches become "sons of consolation" in the broadest sense of the word, bestowing not merely their dollars, but their time, their presence, and the sympathy of tLui hearbs upon the unchristianised masses, we shall have a primitive and Pentecostal revival. Personal sympathy is worth more to the poor, the Buffering, and the neglected than silver and gold. Pulpits speak only for an hour or [two, and then only to those who fill pews before them; it is by sermons in shoes— and plenty of them—that the suffering and the sinning only can be reached. The curse of too much of what passes for Christianity is its selfishness. 2\. There is another plume in the eoroneb of Barnabas. He was the father of systematic beneficence. We are told thab having land he sold it and brought the money and laid ib at the apostles' feet. Having given his heart to Christ, he consecrated a goodly portion of his property to his Master's service. Some others of the new converts may have done this as soon as he; bub he is the first one mentioned. He is therefore to. be regarded as the pioneer in that long procession of systematic givers which reaches on to our times, and numbers in its ranks the Nathaniel Kipley Cobbs, and James Lenoxes and William E. Dodges, and many other bountiful stewards of the Lord, and nob only they who gave of their abundance, but every conscientious Christian who gives according to his means—however humble—and gives spontaneously. Barnabas did more than fling loose money into Christ's treasury. He sold real estate and contributed the pro ceeds. That looks as if there were real self? denial in the transaction, and thab the man would stand a pinch for Christ's Bake. When he was converted "the work reached not only the bottom of his heart, bub the bottom of his pocket. Now, in this Irespect, this Cyprian convert is worthy of imitation; for the prevailing sin of the day is self-indulgence. It is eating like a canker into the life of many of our churches. It hankers^ after rosewater preaching in rose wood pulpits, and leaves its pew empty on un pleasant . Sabbaths* It robs Christ's treasury in older to fare sumptuously and to keep up a showy turn out. It is ready bo deny Jesu3 Christ, but nob to deny self. Barnabas heads the line of a genuine apostolio succession. In its ranks are the hard-toiling seamstress and washerwoman who drop their hard-earned dollar into the collection plate; in its ranks also is the mission-school teacher who sallies off in a driving storm to carry his Gospel loaE to the group of hungry children. Those educated girls who went South to teach ragged Freed men their alphabet and their Bible belong to this same high peerage of divine nobility. Brethren, let us pray for more Barnabases and Dorcases, and for more of the grace that pinches ! _The conversion that never lowers a man's pride and never empties a man's pocket is a pious sham. 3\. There is a third star in the crown of our model man Barnabas. He was not only a son of consolation and the pioneer of unselfish benevolence, bub he was also the first city missionary and the first foreign missionary that we read of, Into gorgeous and idolatrous Antiorh lie went as the herald of the Gospel, and he carried that Gospel through the streets with fcuch power that "much people was aided to the Lord." lit-, needs assistance, and bethinks him of Saul, and hastens off to Tarsus after him As Sir Humphry Davy discovered and developed Michael Faraday, so Bern abas first brou-hb oub the fiery vigor and indomitable zeal of the man who has yet to become the chiefest of the Apostles. Henceforth for a time Barnabas and Saul are linked in missionary labors, as we new associate together tho names of Wesley and White-field. They bath begiu and carry on the most effective kind of Ghrisbian work, and that is by personal effort; the converts whom they made were the earliest who ever bore the name of "Christians." From Antioch they depart on a foreign mission to Cyprus, and in bis native island we lose sight of our faithful Barnabas. He had built his monu ment and written his name among the im mortals. There is some encouragement in endeavoring to copy this pioneer in good works, because he was not an entirely "perfect character. We are told that there arose a contention between Paul and Barnabas, and probably, as in moat quarrels, both may have been somewhat to blame. Barnabas was not, therefore, one of the inimitable "pieces of perfection." I sympathised with my dear brother Spur geon, who always fought shy of "the holiness people" who trumpeted their own sinlessness. He once dismissed three of lii3 gardeners because they professed to be perfectly holy, and yet " came late, went away early, and spoiled his shrubs." Ho said—" I have now got three sinners, and they manage my garden beautifully." Probably Barnabas made no higher profession of perfection than did his glorious co-worker Paul. He was simply a " good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith." What Divine grace made him it can make each of us, if we empty ourselves and seek to be filled with the Spirit. It does nob help us much to name our churches after the apostles; bub we may strive to copy in our lives such a servant of Christ as Barnabas. The need of the hour is not for more geniuses in the pulpits, but for more personal consecra tion among the masses of Christ's followers. 