AMUSEMENTS. HAMLET AT THE PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Mr. Walter Bentley appeared as Hamlet on Saturday evening at tho Princess's Theatre anda large audienco assembled to witness the per formance. Melbourne playgoers had an oppor- tunity some six mouths since of seeing Mr. Bentley in the part of the melancholy Prince of Denmark, and the verdict upon bis acting at the time was on tho whole favorable. Though want ing tho stamp of genius, Mr. Bontley's represen tation is decidedly superior to nine tenths of tho modern Hamlets, and it would be an in finitely more ncceptablo performance if certnin peculiarities in tho way of clothing English words with a Scotch pronounci&tiou; could begot rid of. But tho reading of tho character is admirable and consistent, though a disposition to make- too much of tho emotional aido of Hamlet's complex character may bo notod as a blemish, and as tending to rob tho part of the grandeur with which it is invested when not acted after tho manner of tho disciples of tho pockothandkerchief sohool, who draw with tho l&vishnoss; of land boomers upon tears and frequent sobs for the expression of every shado of feeling known to the poor human heart. Mr. Bentloy strivos, and with some success, to make tho young Hamlet an open and generous minded youth, who, after interviewing his father's ghost, puts on an antique disposition in order to cloak tho fearful purpose of revenge upon his uncle, But Mr. Bentley only gives the vaguest hint of the moody, vacillating, deeply brooding young philosopher— a side of Hamlet's character for mora fascinating than that super ficial one which. ho froely laid bare to tho shallow courtiers of tho Roscncrnntz stamp. As tho tragody is only to bo revived for two nights, it was hardly to be expected tbat a high standard of exccllcnco would bo reached by tho actors who supported Mr. Bentley. In a revival of IXttiuiui for two nights, ic is pretty certain, bear ing in mind the long intervals at which ordinary members of a stock company are called upon to appear in Shakepenrian plays, that tho critic would find much to condemn. Tho proper point of view, however, under such circumstances is not to cavil at faults but to ex press astonishment that the results obtained are not worse, for to your ordinary stock actor tho high walks of the drama are praotically closed, and therefore to call hira out of the broad and beaten paths of farcical comedy and melodrama into tho Higher altitudes of the tragic muse, and to expect him to know his whereabouts equally as well is to expect something in tho nature of a miracle. Of the cast generally, however, it may ho said that tho characters were well enough sustained to satisfy the oxigcncies of a two nights' revival of the masterpiece of Eng land's master mind. Miss E. Bronton as tho Queen, Miss Mario Frazer as Ophelia, nnd Miss L. Hegarty as Osrio were pleasant to look upon, hut Mr. E. O. Corlosse iB probably the most disappointing ghost to be found inside or outside of a tboatro. Mr. E. Snss appeared a3 tho King, Mr. J, Cosgrovo as Laertes, Mr. H. Phillips as Horatio, Mr. G. P. Carey as Polonius, and Mr. F. Emory as tho grave digger, and eaoh acted with care and discretion. Tho scenic and other accessories were admirable, and during the evening Mr. Bentley and other members of the company were several times recalled. Owing to the special interest exoited in the Silver King by the controversy in The Age on the relationship of Church and Stage, Mr. "Williamson lias beon induced by Mr. Walter Bentley to reproduce tho drama for four more nights this week. Tho programme for the week, as previously advertised, will therefore be cancelled, and the new arrangement is that to night Hamlet will bo played, and on the four following nights the Silver King will be pre sented. Mr. Georgo Leitch has been specially engaged to play Jaikes, as Sir. Royca left for England on Saturday. The rest of the cast will be unaltered. 