IN the case of Quoerijalandpolitibs at tho rprosontday ^tore; irp'somowhat nystorical outcries for what is'Imo.wii^is aroturn to party Qovorn^ent. ^Shis\s of course as opposod.^to coaHtiou-^Qovoxiunent . us*- wo havo had it during thepasfStwo.vcars. ;If the combinafion of those considored in theory at least tho best statesmen -thri country can produce can ho condemned aa dangerous, it pro-supposes that wo really put no faith in our legislators and. tlint as a matter of-faot wo do not entrust to thorn tho destinies of tha country. It is thought bettor that thora should bo -two parties each fighting ? tha-i other, tho ono striving to jretam office ni|il!thb oUior'to'obtain it. Such is party Government as we know it in Australia and the experience has not hoop a happy tfno. -''New South Wales iuul South Australia havo become laughing stocks to any who takes an.intorost in antipodean ! politics and it is' noteworthy that tlie two colonies wlii^l* Jmvo escaped ridicule have both had ti^ discard, for a tiinp, PaTty. disoorusr, and - rely ?'. upon GoyernmentiB snfllciehtly strong, to with stnnd tho intrigues of organised : opposi tion, or thp gusty ckmor' of voering. pop ^tlar ojiinion. ^Though wo do not for a inouiont question tha viihio of tho most careful .cntiriain .of .all logialativo- pro- posalsy wo do question tho ndvisnblonoss of allowins tho scouring ofofflco') to 'bo a bait boforo tho oyos of tho critios to urgo them on to fiorco denunciation of any pro posod ?Tuw. Oritioism should ho forth' coining not for tho purpbso of dofonting a ministry, but for that of eradicating from a Bill itH.obioctionalilo; featurou.; Thoro is no gainsaying that in Australia tho whplo aim nnd object of nri opposition is^ ns a gou'onil rule, to iliscrodit tho Govpj-nuioiit and it seldom happens that tho.loud-vtiicod oritiua do not occasionally also do '-a largo amount of injury to~tho ptmntry'nt largo. 'With tin- alwuncu uf.oHlco an. an incontivo to -fcriticiHrn \yo. should suroly bo ablo to fuul ln-jvs frnuiod with moro ouro und }ioupnt scrutiny und with los.i douiro on tho imrt of sumo nt It-nut to mnke them riiliculuua. Dm whole tondonoy of our prosont 8y«toin is to thiw tho futo-iif both Iogialutiim and mlimiiiitiution into tho liimds of tlio people wluh) nt tho enmo tiiiiotho furuiur mu«t miair'aovoroly inmiiiUty. Tims whilo wo Koouro to tUu ptioplo 11 yoiuo in logiBlation ijnrulun give thum mi o;iunlly powurriil hold over thfi ? oxcuntivo, : Tlint tho people' tiUould friunu thu iiiwn i« rdwonaWo, biit llmt tlicsupromo Ooveriimont dxdxxU bo at tno-moroy of ovury wnvo of popular oxcito jnont ih bcniK dnily proved unboarablo; ilio system ot tlid rufoi-cndum bo itronKlv ndvnciiUid by tunny, would oompjota tho conf union wiloHs tho uxeeiitivoiH 'flint of all MtwiiBthonoil. Iu Hnitzeilund, w|1Oro tho rufuiiuijliiin'iH iu vogue, thu (Javanw Jiinut in nlootud for throo youw, tbim to Minn diigniu emiH(irviiiK tlio oxocutivo'g inilopundonco, Senna gu«U pi'oviiiion nt lunjt mnrt procuilu nny nttompt tn ontnist logiMiitinn diroot to tho pooplo. Tito Atiumum Hj'nUiin, however, Hooma to approach nearer to whnt i* doairouUo, Therb party politfcs in^QongresMageround legislation, and the defeat oFa-- BuFiii no way impenlatho exeoutiyo. ' The. latter is the supremo Government in something moro than name, and holds office indepen-' lently of parties for fiva years. Aid. the experience has not. proved unfortunito, though the corruptivo legislation of parties cannot bo denied!. The executive is not compelled to assent to laws, excopt in pxtremo cases, and. consequently, n. Bill, nmended so as to mako it' indiculous or unworkable need not become law. That oiir present systom is a Veak ono is self evident, and ovary day that we bring those who administer the law more undor the power of pdpular oxcitombrit the poStion becoraos worse. . In our local govornment wo show a recognition of this danger by providing for only 11 portion of the mem bers of the bodies retiiing each year. ' 'Wo can .easily- picture tho confusion which would follow if a Municipal Council re signed in a.body every time the ratepayers blocked; a proposwK byr-law, a loan or a ?waterworks tichutjiq^if tho -whole inanugc1 ment of bur towns was liable to bo remod elled evory timo tho Council: failed to correctly gauge the ratepayers' -viows. Seeing that we uro wiso in small matters, it' jis a: pity wo cannot, sdo.our'way to adoptjSspnibi similar policy in: tho morb imporiteitf t|&£ AT legislating for and adinini^&mgjtlkrgfe; country. Yesterday, tBeVench granted auctioned 's licenses to J; V: 'Chataway; -W; O.;iHotlges, H.A. Black, F. W. Blakey, W. J. Cameron, and C Smith. . -^ ^Vitii this issue, we pnblisli ;two itipple merits, one our ' usual :literary , supplement, and the oiher conjjaiuing. the latest, cable and telegraphiif 'taews lid other matter. ? Tue dearth of-loka4 mining news must to a frreat cxt'eiitr bo attributed to thoibaence of a (iohl Warden.. ilajnr:R.-A. Moore, the new Police Magistrate, is expected to' leave Bris bane for Muckay to-day. :. Accordisii to the last Government' Gazette, Messrs. Edmund Atherton, Fredrick Elworthy, N. Morthensen, Alfred Smith and John Wright are appointed Cominissioners for the purposes of the Diseased Animal Act. : The Mackay Benevolent Society held their monthly meeting on Thursday afternoon in the ChurcK t\\. EngErifl|i6cli6o!rooiri. Mem liers present iTnlesdaniea! Gouhl .(pnitiMehO, Borton (treasurer), Weir, Green, iloran, Bull, Morthensen, Blakey, anil the secretary. - - T.10 ueiinl business was gone through niiil the meeting terminated. : ' The following weather reports havo liccn posted at the local Telegrap!i-OIIice, dateil 9t.1t inst., at9'a.m.;-— yaumli-i, S.E., .fine, hoti; M&rlbdfo;, calm, fine, muggy. Oilliroy, calm,: firie^liqt,\lik#Vniu ; Nebo, caliri,.fii:e. hot ;.St Lawrence, /N. £., fiue, hot ; Blooins hnry,. lSf.i-.fiae}, h^'; Eton, calm, hot; Wnlkersfoiv S.E.,' fine, hot. 'Teniperat ur-.— (Mackay), December 8tb, Max. 91; Min. 77. At the monthly Land Court on Wednesday, liefore the Acting Land Agent, the following business was transacted :—Certificate for im SroScments granted to obtain lease to Thomas eriner, A.F. No. 26, and to Edward Cross, A.F., No. 71. Certificate for improvement and residence to obtain deed granted to Arthur Dalley for Selection 1619, Rasmus N: Rasmussen, No. 82 ; Edward Hogan, No. 72 ; and A. H. Philps, No. 74. In the Petty Debts Court on Thnrsday, Wm. English sued M. Walsh for £10, money lent ; vcrdict for the plantiff for amount claimed and 12s. 6d. cost of courts and £2 2s. pro fessional costs. C. Dupuy sued P. McGrice for £2 10s, value of a saddle ; verdict for plaintiff for amount claimed and 5s. costs of court. The Municipality sued T. .Pass for £4 18s. 4d., rates ;. verdict for plaintiff for amount and 2s. costs of court. The regular fortnightly meeting of the Womens' Christian Temperance Union was held on Thursday afternoon. Mrs. Donald son (vice-president), occupied the chair,, and opened the meeting in the usual manner. A letter was read from the superintendent of Sunday schools, requesting the names of the secretaries of the Bands of Hope . in the dis trict. It was 'decided to forward them as requested. The meeting then closed. Applications for patents have been lodged in Brisbane as follows:— Application No. 2227.—Claus Heinrich Sturwohld, of Wood- street, Mackay, Queensland, blacksmith. "An Improvement in the Construction of Four- wheel Tip-drays or Wagons. Dated 12th November, a.d. 1892. Apnlicatitn No. .2228. —'Frederick William ' Bolton, of Farleigh, MackajL Queenstoud, phinter. Meant for ColorinflSugari:-! Dated 12th November, a.d. 1892... ,-V' ?'?- '' ' - '?'- ~ - '.:-??-. ;''' ? - '?-''?:? '' .'- -.;;';; 1 ???? -:^.:-' 4 \X& have to announce the death of Thomas Hayes who several years had been stockman in charge at Hodewood station. He 'went oution to the run on Sunday last and as he ilidjnot return in the evening a search was in stituted. On. Thursday his body wasfnnnd, about 1 J miles from the. station where 7 it was found evidorit that he had cut his throat with a razor, which win lying alongside hiiri. No' reason i» assigned for the 'rash de'edl ' Mnu Hayes died a short time bock, leaving the de ceased with eight little children. :. Tjie following are the handicaps for .the Military Sports, bn Monday :— 150 yards Handieap._W. Walker, 3 yds; H. J. -Ro«, Oyi's ; F. Black, 9Jyds ; R. Cuinming, lOyda : F. Ciisp 11yds: J. Desbois, E. 'McCuliock, K Drapei^^. Fordyco, 14yds j ' W.'.Kenuedy, A. Martin, K. Brennan, J. Gorman, A Diehni ?I8y«a;'.\V; Lyons, 17yds j F. Puiucll, 18yds ; (1. A. Ball, 20; T. 0. Clmtnway, 25. Half Mile Handicap — W. Kennedy, F. Black 3yda ; F. Crisp, 13yda ; A. Martin, 22yds ; W Walkor.E. McCuliock, J. Dtsbois, H. J. Ross. W. H. Smith, P. Fordyce, 23yds ? P Brcuimn R. C.iiiiminK, E. Draper, 30yds' j F.' Punzoll 33yd. ; A. Diebm; 40yd. ; W/Lyons, u. A. liall 4oyds ; *f. p. Cliota^vay, 50yds. 1 r1,'8 ol)a«rvliuco,«SoP»fttJn baV as a boUdivv.wm Uko place on MonTlfcy. \0h that day. the publio'is catered foV liberally. Thp chief oi eut ;s tho nniuml military tounmmont in tho bust, Park. As will ho anon, by notice elaowhcra thore is a lungtliy and interesting iirograiniiio tu which our inorclmuU ami othors hiue Hhcrally contributed , in \he matter of prir.c». Tho Rround la of coiirno frco to all, and as a cricket match will alan take place during the .tny »liB Pnrk »hnnh\ bo fairly crowded with ilahtancra. Our country frinmU will' ivssainlilo in fnrvn at Miraiii, whom an oxcullcut pr.igCMm»« o{ linno r»oe» will W diactiuud. In town In tho evening Mr». King holds 0110 p( licr nil jnynbls Cinderella' diuiom. Tlic uauiil monthly monting of tho Scliuul of Arts, t'onmiittco was held yotterdny. Prenontt H. U. lllaok '(pVoihlonV). \V. -O. HbdB»s,. A. UIcikj, ! R. Jl. Smith, T. D. Miataway, 15.AR.tN. McQirtby, F. W, UlakoyV A. HKM'A WilUouwon M«» l)r. Lloyd, AououiitAnHiu\itrhK W* X 1 0 Is. lid. worepnaspil for,*pftymolM A\ nooouut; fur £A 10*. for a Rua rei(ulnta\bolkij referred to ft auli-conunlttoo, . Tills reguUtor Imd- npiiur ontlv l-eon imt on tlic meter without uullioc. l-«t(fiii and mbaiMiiiuntly reuiovitd by thu cQimnlttrn. Tliu aecrtiuiry itatod that Iir was pro|Mioil to ixccept, the ro\ latid salary n|fi titsil upon by n s[)eolnl nivotliig uml wna u n[-|i|i|ii|ed ns fioin tho fliat of nuxt January. An (luiciuloil nwlo nf liunn for opening tlio llhiaiy wa- aba aRmed to, ' It wan docldml to 011 1 led landsri for donning tliu buildings nost ycur. iF.Mre Tom Mann is less seen in public it u because she has, -what Mri. Burns has not, ? . children— four little girls. Mrs. Mann has worked justas hard, just as conscientiously, and just as bravely as Jlrs. John Burns, '? ? :-^: although horr work has been altogether . i ,*..?:- different,/ She is the bome-loving woman, 'V- v: sweet 'and silent* As she said, it would not do for husband and wife to be both : talkers, and ; -^y Tom Mann chatters to his children .even when ,-vp ho is writing. Ouo of his girls is a born orator. ? 'i Sheisnevei happy unless upon a chair making' ''' ; a speech. 'When she has exhausted her ? :* limited vocabulary she ' begins ' G0LLYj^,4 ' ' oowav golly, gnlly, gn'jyr ^OLLY,' M^jMfc^^ ? stamps her tiny fo9t and brings her clencheir _.,.-.*-' fist down upon the' fcible in imitation other »«*£? famous father. Tom .Mann's children inherit }.' : ?'; the dogged determination which is chnracter-. , .-.:,.'.'.;-.; istic of both him-nd his wife. In early years ' -, -?????:'?. ';'' he was anxious to visif America. Ho.accom- . ';?; plisbcil his wish, nnil paid his passage' Wonei, ? ' - by living for a month upon, bread and water. '--:.' '?'??? ?. .; '.' ? :' ?' ?? ? ?-. r '.???-?'? ife Is the Toiice Court on Tuesday, before W. G. Hodges arid H.'L. Black, Esqs.^ JJ.P,, M. : ^: Eriright, ehargeil with drunkenness, was dis cbargeil. ^1. Geilsor, charRod with cruelty to auinials'i was fined 20s; nnd 6-; 8d. costs of- .... -' conrt, lSs.J(or two wiiuessea' expenses and '? : ' 21s. mileage. C. Dupuy sued P. McGuiro for '..-. '.\ assault; tno case was dismissed. P. McGuire ....-'? ??*??? Bncd C. Dupuy for ivages ;' verdict for plain tiff for f 2 10s: 8d., in .dHanlt ;|evy and di« tress.'in default seven days' imprisonment. On Wednesday, before J. H. Sharp, Esq., J.P., Tommy, ou. remand, 'charged with nni ; lawfnlly wounding one Snturd«y, an nborgi- , - nnl, was remanded for 24 hours. On Thursday, before F: Black and E. Stnincs, Esqs., JJ.P., D.McFarfane, charged with being drunk and ?'- : .disorderly, pleaded guilty, nnd w-ns fined 20s. or sevendayi Tommy, on remand, chargeA , .'? with unlawful wounding, pleaded guilty and ' '.?'?' .'?'-? was.6nedl0s.ior ; seven days. In the Police . Conrt yesterday, Girlie Galvin; daughter of . .-'--'? John Galvin, licensee of tho Caledonian Hotel, ' *? ? '' was fined £3 and il Ils. 6d. coats, for selling '' a Lot tie of gin to a kanaka.. , ? is'1. .. jilt,; Eton .mill narrowly escaped serious .'? -??«» duriiiige by -fire -last, Thursdayj' About mid-' . ,- '»V day, whilst the men wero having their dinner, an- ; alarm -ToKnre was .raised by one of. Mr. ?' ? Antony's settlers, J. Brnhd, whose house is ? opposite tlie iriill. .: Immediately, all hand»t' ; ?? - fruiij; the. mill arid' adjoining 'places, rushed .'; '-;' towards the 'boilers', whore smoke' and fire . could lie 'scon. Hands' nnd buckets being. plentiful; a chain was formed, soine-throwing watnr, others Ciirryiiij; full buckets, etc,, and - owing to Ibe'energy; displayed by everyone, what iin- ht.have proved a fire of considerable ' . ; r '- .; -£ extent, whs ?extinguislied aftei 40 minutes ' of hard work., 'I'be nicgnss 'lift floor, which was in a: yfci-y 'bid state nud' wanted repair tiiij; before ' next : 'IseriKin', has been burut in some places, . As'fiir ;is tberrsl is concerned, pnsts.-riifiers, etc.;. of the boiler sheds and nicgusa loft lm\ c l-een only par'ly scorched '''' } iuul liinckmicil. It is to sonic sparks iteipg - - iibout on .olil-tiiegius' that is attril.uteiPlBe ainscof the fiic lyhich took a very strong hold ' ?vll bit once, the tiienim ictcr marking at the time UOdfg. in the shade. It was. through tho help received from -everyone that « greater - ' damage was avoided.'. ' .'.1. -?'..;'? A.'.', i ?-? ? , ; A MAN feil his fowls npori ricej. but -finding that the hoos--. Bparrows . dropped -down'1 in ' . ' clouds and robbed the poultry of moat of their food, determined to get theibetter ?of them, and substituted maize. He was astonished to' observe that tHe sparrows, finding the grains -'; too lnrge to swallow, carried them to an adja- ' - ', cent railwnyline, and waited for thetrain 'to-' pass by, when they were enabledlto pick 'up ???*' : the crushed . meal. Another* 'man in South Australia procured a stuffed cat and an owl -.'. to frighten the sparrows away from his choice'' grapes, but the birds sat upon the stuffed ca,t- to jeer and 'poke fnn at the stuffed owl, ami ! 'finally pi ked the feathers out of the latter to line tlieir nests with; But the strongest evi dence of the cunning of the sparrows was in- ? #?- stanced near Mitcbem.\ in South Australia, -7^' wheic the Swiss head gardener to the owner . of a fine estate dressed up a; guy in ancient - ,w Swiss garments, and fitted it up with- a loBg heavy pipe and n slick and, chair. This was intended to protect a strawberry bed, but the .-, : sparrows perched upon the stick placedacross ' / C the knees of the dummy, and after a short -I^S' restand inspection of the best berries in the :: pntch, alighted on .the : bed, and partook .freely of the luscious^ repast so liberally pro vided by their unwilling lioat., . »' ?'.',-. Mhs. Bex TiLLBrria philsophicaL ' She ' does not worry very mucnr over what ahe cannot help, and usually takes things very '? quietly. Evidently ! in earlier years,::- both before and after her marriage; ahe worked very bard.. Shais byi no . means : ailent. but ! a tireless talker and singer, with a voice which, :? had it'becu trained, might have brought be*- . fame «nd fortune. Of the seven children ahe5 ' hashad only the two ?youngest --aurvire. -)l: Partly for tlusreason.irad partly because in ' the Mile-end-road Mrs. Tillett was subject' 'y to unceremonious calls from dockers at all ,. ???''' hours of the daj\S«id night, the family recently ''.-''?? ' removed to the *Althler suburb of Leyton- ' v: stone. There alibis very much alono, forher ' -^ huslwnd is nearly* always in aome distant portion of Great Britain. Once wlien told that a friend was about to be married ahe said, ' I'll congratulate her if she. isrfV«-ing to marry a public man. If any of my children were dying I should not dare to call o-y ' Imsliard.away from tho , work he was engaged upon, for who knows what might bo '''?' dependent upon his presence? Half the time I do not know whero ho is. 'I would never like. any friends of mine to. marry, a labor : ? loader.' ' ?:-.-... ? ;/i An accideut of a somewhat setiou* nature ' . .' '? : befell Mr A. H Lloyd of Dumbleton and Mra. Martin of Mandarana on Thursday afternoon. 1 hoy were driving into town accompanied by ????'' two children, with tho intention of being pres ent, at the 'chriatauiug of Mr. Jame« Croker'« lurant son, when a short diatance on the North side of tho Pioneer Bridge the horses took fright and bol'.od. Comiug up tho enbank mont on to tho bridgo tho buggy was capsized turning tho occupants out on to the road. . 'fi Mrs. Martin received a severe scalp wound ' extending from the aido of her head across tho forehead, while Mr. Lloyd had his right lids arid thigh badly bruised. The children were fortunately unhuri The. accident ni teen from tho hospital, and Mr. Buchanau quickly ian over to tho place, ami, on Ilia arrival, found Mrs. Hornbrook had just driven up with her busRy, while shortly after Mr. Hoare arrived in hia spring cart. With tho oasis, taneo of theao people tho aufforers were quickly couvoyed to tho hospital where they wore at onco placed 1 under mediaxl treatment. In some extraordinary way the buggy righted ' rtaoW, and inst missing the corner post (5 tho , bri,lfiotlioliprae»boltod across and reached ' tho brewery before they wcro seen and stopped 'Iho miggy waa. not much injured. ? Tiik nuniveMaW ' the Women'. Christian Tcmwmm-o UniXfi -yas held at tho Eraid? Hall last night. About 150 people attended lint 'iii tnito of thia large nunSler. Vh ?iS ' .ourcc* ot the ladiw wero fully equal to tho demand. mi-de upon them. After tho tea the tables wero removed, and tn, chjj| buHiicw wm TOtered upon. TliaWrwnmo «on».t*-l of 23 numWrsV Including^voST »nd u.trumental nuiale, dialogue, aa| .ddrewei , by tlio chief BoodtempUnproMnt. ThiTro pnnna wan In every way .ucoejafnl. MrQci »ztrirl Js.-wSer? * iiuiitwito al» by 4k» Mi«.« TMtTna^iti, »j..l their rcptsllvafether. w«, an w.ffi' ally Wjnyahlo itSK We regwt ThS f the ? lci.Bth of tl« pregStn. ana the MtoncJS of.,ww prrdmlo the lengthy notice whieh fc Uio peifunntvnco doservfi, and wo iSlS '? ? ' ™ eontcnt nuinlvM with CoiiBmtnlaUBO m* union ot roonit blrU, in MaSay 'Sonata highly vWOQc«ful colobratlorf ot iu Brrt ? i- \- *-? J;' annivBrsar^-Wrniajrbrtehy «3d tlieTfillbw: ing details of' the past year's work, as gathered by the 1 nddresica de livered by the officers ot the 'institution. ? The membership of the union ' includes 35 working and 15 hon. members. The figures aro up to the end of Auguat last. Of a total income of £19 5s thcic was a credit balance of £8 3s 2d. During tho year the attendance at Jr the jveekly meetings has averaged 10 to 15 A membsrs. The Union has held several private and public ineftinss which have most been auo .' ccssful. The secretary's report concludes as follows ;— ?' Our great need is more working '- 1'^W Ml of faith and- of the Holy Ghost, ? ' C'..^ ^'.1 throw heart and soul'into the work, :Jr -we tt^Ssfore pray thatthe' Lord 'of the har : ' Teat will raise up many anch who will labor with us tor God, home and humanity.' The gathering was presided over by Mis. Green ; eenr., tie Preaident of the Union, who in her opening address, gave an able exposition of ? the history and aims 'of' the ?movement to : ? which the Union owes' its xe- rstence.'~'^Votes ? ' ' of thanks were accorded, by .Reclamation to those who bad contributed to the success of tho evening, and the Benediction closed the first anniversary of the W.C.T.U. in Maekay. , . V ' 