Romance of Crime. A Chapter of Thrilling Adventure. The story that has been lniil before us this morning (says the Melbourno Evening Xtimiitml of tlio 9th instant) is Of a More Startlixo Nature tliun any already ehronielod. It goes hack lu years, and tho scenes aro nil laid in South Africa, at a time when tho diamond fever was raging, and tho Russo-Turkish war was neur- ing its close. In Cupo Colony in 1877 three boxes contain ing 5,000 sovereigns wero one day mysteriously abstracted from a mnil cart travelling between ICiiigwillianiatown and Grahumstowii, The gold belonged to tho Standard Bunk, and was taken over to tho hotol in Kingwilliiunstowii, whenco tlio mail cart started, and lioro placed in the vehiolo by Mr. Pointing, manager of the hostelry, in the presence of tlio bank ofltoinls. Ono of tliem mounted tho box with the driver, and nil wont well until a certain half- way turnpike wus reached, when tlio bills of lading had to bo scrutinised, and the contents of tlio vehicle examined, Then it was found that- tho gold was not on board, It had disappeared in somo unaccountable manner ; but how or where it had gono to remained a mystery for somo timo nfter. It was noticed that lit about this tinio A Seafariko Engineer named " Bully " 'Williams was knocking about Kingwilliamstown, and in such u way us to oxoito suspicion in tho minds of the police, for ho had no ostensible means of support, though ho represented himself us being connected with a big engineering firm in Eng land. Ho lived at tho liotol wlicro Pointing wiih manager, tlio owner of thu pluco being at tho tiino in tho old country, having left Point ing to look after his interests during his absence. Pointing nnd Williams wero fust friends, and tho fact that Pointing evidently know something of how tho monoy had dis appeared brought suspicion on both men nliko. 'llioro was no dircot ovidenco upon which cithor could bo arrested, and so it wua decided to keep tbein both under oloso surveillance. , Williams began to And this sort of tiling rather disagreeable, nnd dotcrmined to put some distance botweon himself and tho Capo Uolouy police authorities as soon ns possible. But his time for departure luid not vet arrival. IIo resolved to put up with the risk n little longer, rather than lciive the eountry, anil perhaps lose tlic chiinco of sharing in the spoil. The police nt last Dktehmixeu to Act Boldly Against Pointing, fouriug that, ho would sooner or Inter give them thu slip. So llioy pounced upon him suddenly ono day and accused liim of the robbery ; ninl ho, til ken aback with thesiiddeimcf set' theehiirge, bloitly admitted ho was a party to the deed. I'ho bunk, moro anxious fur the money than for the vindication of tlio law, gave the thiol' to lmdoritimd that if he would only loud them lo tlio piano whero the coin was " planted," they would not prosecute liim. He reluctantly con sented. The money, ho told them, had been planted in a sandhill near the town. There wore several such hills, but lie could not tell then exactly which one. Two policemen, a batik official, and Pointing set out for the con cealed treasure. Pointing led tlioin np one hill unci down another till ihirkiiess eimio on, ninl they were all tired, mid the 5,000 sovereigns were as l'nr away an ever. For several duvs nfter tho scarab was renewed, hut witli in> hotter result. Pointing hue. changed liis mind. Williams lnid found nil opportunity of persiuid- ing hint that it would he much better to risk a term of imprisonment, and havo the money when he came out, than give up the money, and perhaps lmve to go to gaol after all. The hotel manager was at last placed on liis trial. The evidence brought ngninst him was con clusive. Tlio jury found liim guilty, ninl, much to his disgust, lio left (lie court to Serve a Sentence of Tiiiiek Years' Istl'l'.isonment. Tlio position grew altogether too uncomfort able for Williams now. The eyes of the pulieo wero on him everywhere. It was known t lint lie lmd played nil iiuportantpurt ill the robbery, nnd lie knew lie was suspected. "While Point ing wus on his trial, Williams assured him 1m would see that he was properly supplied with luxuries during his incarceration, tliathc would wait till lie name out ngitio. and that thou they could lift tho "plant," leavo tlio country, anil Sail For. Australia with tiie £5,000. At any rate, Pointing asserted on liis libera tion that siieli an understanding did exist between them, and how AVilliams on his part fulfilled it remains to be cceu. One morning, after the hotel inunnger had begun to serve his sentence, a mysterious dis appearance was reported. Williams hnit not been seen fur sonic days, and no one could say where he hud gone or ho'.v ho had taken his de parture. He had disappeared like a ghost in the night, and nu trace of bim couM be found. Nothing moro was heard of him tiil about nine months later, whrr, a queer-looking little man, evidently disguised, got off tho coach at King- wiliiams. own. No one knew who the visitor was, and as so many people were going and coming to the diamond fields ho did hot excite more than ordinary notice. Tho little man was none other than ' fSully" Williams, who had Returned for the "Swag'' "When the Coast was Clear. He found it whore it was planted in the sand, and, laden witli sovereigns, ho made his way hii"k as quickly as pos-iMo to tho coast. On iirrivnl nt the port of East London it wus noticed ho wus very flush of rash. Ho gave a great spree nt one of the hotels, got all liis old acquaintances round him. nnd after u really liieny time of it, he sailed for Loudon. The gentleman who has supplied us with this information was at the time a prominent resi dent of East London, and his hona-tides aro undoubted. He know Williams well and all about him, and has no doubt ilmt tho man who commllteil tlio AViiulsor murder anil the ac complice of Pointing in tlio Smith African gold robbery are One and the Same Person. Williams was for some years an engineer oil 0110 of tiie Unirm Company's Cape mail boats. When at East London lie bad to leave the ves sel, it was supposed, through a row with tho men. who could not stand his arrogant disposi tion. Ho was known among seafaring men as "Bully'' "Williams, because of tlio coustaut swagger bo assumed nnd his notoriously aggressive manner. When Pointing got nut of gaol he went back to Kiiigwilliaiiistown to get the money ho and Williams liad planted, but found to lilts sorrow that Williams, who lmd promised to wait for him, had been there before lihu. It transpired subsequently that Pointing, instead of putting the boxes of gold into the mail curt Put in Dummy Boxes Instead, the bunk officials who were standing by being deceived by the counterfeit parcels, Williams's favourite topic of conversation, on heard tho Kaiser Willieim was " My travels in South Africa," whero lie alleged lie had niado a fortune and " spent- it like e. man, sir." 