?LADIES' COLUMN. [Under this head wo -will be prepared to receive and answer,, as far as possible, ?uy in quiries which our subscribers may be plerifeed to «cn<l in, addressed under cover, to '' Madge, " AorKP.TisER Office.! ' TO MEN WITH WIVES. Have it clear in your mind what you marry d woman for; if because she is pretty and. lvitty and has fetching ways, make up your mind to expect little more .from your wife, and bear in mind that prettiness and wit and fetching ways takes a lot of enoouragenioi.it, ]ilenly of dressing, plenty of petting, and plenty of approval. A wife of this kind is, therefore, a rather dangerous investment, because it will be a strain to keep it in order* and almost quite useless if it gets out of order. If the charm of the girl has been to you her inconsequent unworldliness . and quaint ignorance,-and her truthfulness, don't find fault with the wife because she does not enter into your business and take to society. A man is too apt to marry .1 woman for the ch-iriu of something that is going to be im practicable as a wife, and then -to fret "besnusc she doesn't change round and develop the 'charm ho wants iif the wife. Men seldom pick out domestic, gentle, quiet little creatures for wives. Tet, once they are married, they realise that the domestic, centle, quiet little creature is the ideal, wife, and they ' kick | because their fascinating coquette, their stunning horse-woman, their1 brilliant woman of ideas, their dear little, inconsequent baby woman does not at once, develop the homo traits of, the ideal-wife. It", on the other hand, you married your wife bccatise she was such a jolly good fellow, and you got along so well together, just re member you were a jolly good! fellow, too, mid she can't be..a jolly:good fellow all by herself. You lmve got.',to keep -up-.:the atmosphere she needs. The average wife so I have observed-tries.hard to adapt her self to the new requirements that the man she marries makes as a hustand, but you mu3t help her. She is not going to plan pretty rigs and make appoint of looking sweet if you don't say something about it. All the little, caressing, pretty, fetching tricks she used to have are going to drop off if you ?don't encourage thorn." THE MALE AND' FEMALE KISS .In judging a woman's motives and feelinoS V.mp argues from his own, and deduces con ciiisw-ns which are, more often than not riidiedjy erroneous. For instance, a man kisses the woman he loves, and she responds to his egress. _ He believes it is in'the same paasion&ta; spirit, but really the impulse is subtly different. He hisses her to satisfy his own yearning.; she kisses him because she knows* will make him happy, and to make him happy is the active spirit of her love. <Vnd it is just the failure of man to distinguish and accept this beautiful spirituality in woman's relations with him which necessitates that protective dissimulation which becomes her second-nature. For example^ here the woman must stimulate the passion of her lover, for he would not be satisfied with tho delicate impulse of heir responsive caress ; so ' is he permitted to believe that she feels as he does, reasoning only from his own emotions, while she instinctively knows that their feelings are running i»-< different channels, though they meet in thfs broad ocean of love. How true to womanhood is that passage in the journal of that extraordinary gni, Marie Bashkirtseff, where, relating how, in response to the passionate prbtestatfons of a youthful lover, she kissed him, she adds. ? ' I did it more for his sake than mine.' ;Did . the young man think it was for his'sake ? \--Sot a bit of it. He thought it wa3 a ;piwsionate impulse for her own gratification, »is any man in his place would have thought '"Woman Through a Man's Eyeglass,'7by i ttJcolui C. Saiaman. EDUCATION OF. WOMEN. The <phost which questions whether woman will not' her womanly qualities in the process o'f ixigher education will not down. It appears'_ ®ot ,Qofy in the quiet' and the shade of mi'drag(it, when ghosts have a right to appear, bi't it jjtp.lks abroad in open day light. The i: lnoeent ;ha.K<\- always borne the penalty of the' .guilty, ,-^ud the clamorous women who parade on public platforms, and who make themselves obnoxious in public eonveyanovea, -who give their:f.vmilies peace at home 'oy going iibroad with their -debates, these are ithey who throw discredit on their innocent sisters. I: wish I might picture ihje homes in which I inn so happy as to be & welcome gnofit, .wli^e highest- education for man and for woman combine to make highest happiness and highest usefulness. Woman may dwarf her best powers by cultivating only her emotions, sho may do it by culti vating only her body, and, of count, slie may do it by cultivating only liGr mind; but that is not higher education, and wherever a young woman has found a place where she may obtain knowledge, and also the other _ fruits whioh a perfected character should bear, she cannot be hurt by that pursuit. \- Mrs. Lyman Abbott, in "Ladies Home ? Journal." USEFUL HINTS.' Ti"rPontine is good, for cleansing-all var lwshe\i furniture, and also to clean out mu3ty ,'^ivaak 'ed or other iron sinks. The of children require con Bta tit cutth,ng <?r they break and become distiTted. i,fc is not wise to cut them quite close the qu/°k> as the end <5f the finger become'^ clubbeu1 in consequence. They should ai'so be cut ^"oand and well out at the corners, \\.Thereby the . convexity of the surface is preserve d, which is ^°nsidered a beauty. Children generally gb. ^ niore less of broken or grazed skin evei_v day. Tho best thing to do is1, to put the skin tendsrly in its place; sometinxos it will be raises and rugged looking. Wp.sh the part if there.. 's anydirt or gravel in it with tepid water,put a. little goldbeater's skin on it, or'fol)i':nff the white skin of an egg, or some pure. °" on a piece of rag tied on. To clean, tartar from the teeth-dis3o2w0 two ounces of borax in three pints of water/ > before it is quite coid add a teaspoonful of tincture of myrrh and a teaspoonful of spirits of camphor; bottle the mixture for use. One wineglasstful of this solution added to half- a-pint of tepid water is sufficient for each application. This used daily is said to preserve and', beautify, the teeth, remove tartar, sweeten the breath, and induce a healthy action of the gums. Use a soft '.tooth-brush.' ? Chamois skin, free from thin spots,1 and Yites^d in cold water after washing in a weak soluti^i of washing . soda, is said to make a quick .filter. Tinctures, elixirs, syrups, and even nti^cilages, are filtered rapidly: A pint of the thickest syrup will run through in four or fiv.e minutes. , By washing thoroughly al 'ter each time of using the skin will last a lo: ig time. 1 "uatead of putting food into, the oven to &eep;» hot for latd comers,, try covering it close V with a tin and setting it over a basin of ho t water.' This plan will keep the food hot a-, vd at the same time prevent it from drying. . ' ' . To r eader drass fabrics fireproof tlie fol lowing aiay be employed:-Mis together eight p.- «ts of ammoaium sulphate, two parts ammoni lffl carbonate, two. parts- borax, three pa. boric acid, tR'o parts starch, and 100 parts J tfatcr. Steep .the fabric in the I solution, dry and. iron. . To avo. id the disagreeable odor which too often fills f tho homo when cabbagoor other green ve getablea pre boiling follow these, simple di. Tactions:fc your cabbage in a net, and w hen you have boiled it five minutes in the firsv: po t of water, lift it out, drain for a few seconds. jtTid place carefully in a second pot which yoii jirust have full of fust-boiling water. Empty fctie -first water away and boil your cabbage tilf .tender in the second, ? WOMAN. The secret of true wedded bliss, The kind that lasts a lifetime through, Is not to fall in love yourself, But have her fall in love with you. . For what she has she cares not for, What she has not she'd die to win. ; And what she wants she'd bound to have, And keep it, to), through thick and thin. 