FSNC7 COSTUME MATCH. ? ?-+ ? A BIG SUCCESS. THANKS TO THE ST. KILDA TRADESMEN. Yes, we were quite sure Mr Secre tary Pansbon and his merry tradesmen would make a succbbs of it, for the St. Kilda Tradesmen never allow the word failure to be thought of when they, venture upon an undertaking, and the Fancy Costume Football Match, held oa the St. Kilda cricket ground on Thursday afternoon last, went off so as to gladden the hearts of everybody connected with it. The afternoon was cold and windy, with slight showers, bat still there was a large attendance, for the city was holiday .waking, a jpoblic half holiday Iming been pro claimed. It was at first thought to have a proceBsion round the city, but whilst, as a spectacular display, it would liare gone off well, still it proved the wiser plan i:o confine the procession to the grounds. It was nearly three o'clock whetf Ihe various characters, headed by the JPolice fiatod,. marched round the ground, and the crowd was delighted at the splendid get-up of nearly every character, and much merri ment was caused bb first one, and then another familiar personage was recog nised in some grotesque habiliments, who.'for 'thja Jtime, had fiat. off their .usual staid demeanor, and with ' Quips and craaks, and wanton wiles, Nod% and becks, and wreathed smiles,' were there to amuse the onlookers — of course, nil for sweet charity's sake. After the procession the two teams, captained respectively by Mr A. W. Clapbam (The Luck Bringer), and Mr S. Wilson (Chinaman), filed out, but we can hardly attempt — it would be such a fairy — to describe the game. Anyway, the Chinaman's side pro\eJ too strong for the Luck B ringer, whose luck wan evidently out. But, whilst no one expected to sec football, s ill, the antics of the players, and thr inter mingling of the various costumes, CBusrd roars of laughter the climax being reached when Mr and Mrs Alley ISloper, iu the persons of Messrs Q-. V. Liriton and A. E. Smith, drove on to the ground in a small go-cart and pony. They had the do# with them, but when he was put on the pony's back it bucked and kicked so much that Alley might have had one for his nob had not the dog been taken off. Hjw cver, the get-up was imtceaBe, and G-eorgie Linton and Alf. Smith are to be congratulated on creating the sensa tion of the afternoon. At half-time P. G. McShane (Policeman), who was central umpire, was supposed to be shot by one of the characters, and they carried him off the field shoulder high, in a rather unceremonious manner ; but it is not a fairy to add that, sifter a refresher, he was as lively as ever, and umpired through the remainder of the game. The Hon. Qeo. Turner, who always thoroughly identifies him self with everything local, was sup tosed to represent a Pink Fairy, though we think his very neat costume more correctly denoted a cricketer. Whet her it was easier trying to kick the ball than to be in the House receiving the kicks of disappointed opponents deponent sayeth not. The Mayor (Cr Marriott) with his usual generosity, provided the refreshments for the band and committee. During the interval the Prahran Amateur Operatic Society danced the Maypole dance; but the wind interfered very much with their effort;, which, however, met with hearty applause from the crowd in the grand stand. The Police Band, under Band master Riley, very kindly gave their services, and their excellent perfor mances added very materially to the enjoyment of the afternoon. The following was the cast of characters as published : — Reds— S, Wilson (capt.), Chinaman ; F. Smiley, Mounted Trooper; J, G. Hubbard, St. Kilda Clown j W. Smiley, Elsternwick Ghost ; W. E. Nicholls, Dick Turpin ; W. John6tone. Turkish Officer ; A. Medway, Darktown ; J. Falconer, Druid ; C. Stephens, Druid ; G. V. Linton, Ally Sloper ; K. Marriott, Stockman ; T. Peacock, Herald ; G. Simpson, Highlander; Bourke, Cric keter ; B. Leishman, Dromio ; J. Thompson, Milky White ; T. Pitman, Neapolitan Fisherman ; H, M. Knox Fiji Plaiter; H. Stokesbury, Dromio J. McFdriane, Modus; F. Excel!, Policeman ; W. Churchus, Bunthorri ; F. oibb, Bxuiaick; J. GMlesp'i;, Negress; W. W. Wakefield, Fish- - man; J. kust, Vdunteer; H. Bugg Highlander; S. Robertson, Sergeant Major; Issell, Black and Tan JJutcher ; Hartley, French Soldier j Damyon, Mrnola; Hiam, Selected.!; J. Walker, Richard III, ; W. Plahriuer Good Old Mary Ann! J. Piesing, Claude Mel notte, Artist. Blues.— A. W. Clap ham (capt.), The Luck Bringer; E. Fowler, The Middy; F. Usher, French Clown ; A. Apps English Clown ; T. Watts, General ; D. John stone, Night and Day; V, Kelly, Jockey; F. Sparrow, Clown; A. E. Dickenson, Bung Land Boomer; B. Taylor, S.ilor; J. O. Prescott, jBobin son Crusoe : G. Clapham, Man Friday; Josh. Hants, Policeman ; B. Neck, Polish Officer ; W. Tye, Pirate ; E. Gougb, Blue Beard ; A. McKittrick, Charles II.; Hon. G. Turner, Pink Fairy ! T. G. Ailed, Advertiser ; R. J.^ Punshon, Irishman ; T. Clarke, Mule teer; W; J. Green Bosco Blithers ; C. D. Worboys, Oliver Cromwell ; J., Cole, Midshipman; A. Clark, Raw Becruit ; W. McAdam, Highlander ; W. Stafford, Nigger; A. E.^.Moore, Lecturer; Fewster, Charles II. ; W.- Daley, Bookmaker ; E. Smith, King!s Jester; H. W. Smith, Escamillo ; Hillsdon, Medicine Jack , H. Siddeley, Widow O'Brien. Central Umpire, P. G. McShane, Policeman. 