SOCIAL GOSSIP. By Ibis. Lady Ventiy, the Countess of Hopotoun'a mother, arrived by the R.M.S. Oriental at Ade laide on Wednesday, the 20th inst. Sho was met by Mr. Ralston, private secretary to his Excellenoy tho Earl of. Hopetoun, and also by Major Gordon, aide-de-camp to the Earl of Kintore. Lady Ventry . lunohod at Bishops- oourt with Mrs.) Konnion, and left by tho express the same afternoon for Melbourne, which sho reaohod on Thursday. Her ladyship has joined tho Countess of Hopetoun at Wood lands. Among tho passengers who sail for England to-day, 30th January, by the R.M.S. Massilia, are— Mr. and Mrs. Falconar Mac- donald, two children and nurse ; Miss Snod- grass, Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Molesworth, three cbildron and two maids. The members of the Scienoo Congress wore oxtonsively ontortaincd in Hobart. Tho Bishop and Mrs. Montgomery gave a garden party in their honor last week. Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dobson, of tho Ch&lct;, Huon-road, also gave them a lunoheon and garden party. Mr. and Mrs. Francis Fitzgerald are going to England in March, to visit Lord North, Mrs. Fitzgerald's father. Baron Squitti, Consul for Italy, sailed ; for Brindisi lost weok, on his way to Italy for a holiday. The Metropolitan Liedertnfol gave an open air concort on tho Melbourno cricket ground on Thursday evening of last week. This was the first of a series of Thursday ovoniug concerts. Tho ball which is to take plaoe on 26th Feb ruary in aid of tho Prabran and South Yarra Crdchc, promises to bo a great success. His Excellency tho Governor and Lady Hopetoun havo promised their patronago, and so have the Mayor of Melbourno and Mrs. Lang, Sir Bryan and Lady O'Loghlen, Sir George Verdon, Dr. and Mrs. Madden, Mr. Justice nndMrs. Hodges, Colonel and Mrs. Ponuo, Colonel and Mrs. Dean Pitt, Sir Fredoriok and Lady Sargood, tho Chan cellor of tho University, Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Fitzgerald, Commander and Mrs. Collins, Pro fessor and Mrs. Allen and others. The oom- mitteo inoludos tho following names : — Mosdamos Fiskon, Nutting, F. Fitzgerald, Catto, Mein, Mitchell, Lloyd, Prell, Bruce, W. T. Jones, S. M'Culloch, Herbert Powor, Mars Buckley, Keating, L. C. M'Kinnon, Carrington, Hughes and Hall, tho Misses Croaker, Champ, Rogers, Robertson and Patorson, and tho Messrs. Fitz gerald, J. Russell, Youl, Lealio Mooro, L. C. M'Kinnon. Brush, Hogg, Pateraon and Dr. Wight. Tiokcts, prico 10s. 6d. each, may be obtained from Miss Millie # Carter, hon, boo., " Lissaden:" Toorak-road, South Yarra. Mr. and Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis, with their son, have left for England by tho R.M.S. Oruba; Mr. Rudyard Kipling's marriage took placo in London last weok, tho bride being Miss Caroline Balesticr, who, it is conjootured, isasistor'of the late Mr. Wolcott.Balestier, in conjunction with whom Mr. Kipling wroto tho serial story, Tho Nulakha, now appearing in tho Century. In mentioning Lady Vcntry's departure for Australia, ono of tho English papers Bays " Lord Hopotoun is fond of gathering his Eng lish frlonds about him, and tho visitors from Mayfair to Melbourno will bo rather numerous this wintor ; indeed, no better way of escaping from the fogs and damp of the English olimato can bo imagined for those who do not objeot to great heat. But tho autumn in Australia, which is contemporary with our spring, is said to bo delicious." Tho Dowager Lady do Ros, who died reoently was a daughter of tho fourth Duke of Riohmond,' and was born in 1795. She married in 1824 tho twentieth Baron do Ros, who diod in 1874. The authority of Lady do Ros was cited in tho cor respondence whioh appeared in tho columns of the Times somo timo ago with regard to the site of tho ball given by tho Duko of Riohmond in Brussels on the eve of tho battle of Waterloo, hor ladyship having been present at the ball as a daughter of the house. When the Duchess of Tcck was a girl she was tho heart and soul of all tho gaieties at tho castle of Mccklenburg-Strclitz, oveu at tbo ago when she had hardly entered into her teens. Sho was a lovely girl, but a romp and a tomboy of the first order, from whose practical, though innocent, jokes nobody at tho castlo was safo. If all tho candles in a room went Buddonly out, or if ghostly forms appeared to visitors on thoir way to their bedrooms, Princess Mary wa9 sure to be at the bottom of tho plot. Ono winter evening, writes a correspondent, a. party of children wero frolicking about tfio castle, Princess Mary tho brightest and gayest among them. They were playing about the corridors, and I have a very vivid recollection of seeing the princess rusli along in wild haste, pursuing one of her visitors. Suddenly her hair, whicn was held up at the back of her head by an arrow shaped ornament, came down, and enveloped her aB in a shower of gold. I never saw such lovely hair as that of the Duohess of Teck when she was a girl. As Bhe flew along, with Hashing eyes and burning cheeks, sho twisted the mass of hair into n goldon coil, dashed the arrow through it, and vanished into a gallery. Sho was a favorito with everybody, a girl of a remarkably sunny temper, and oven her tutors and governesses wero always on hor sido, though they confessed that she was "a fair handful." Tho Very Rev. 0. B. Allanly, Archdeacon of the Wimmtra, Yiotoria, was mamcd on tho 3rd December, at St. Mary Magdalene, Croy don, to Miss A. M. Fletcher, of tho bamo place. A very largo congregation assembled in tbo Church of St. Mary Abbott, Kensington, on 6th December, for tho wedding of Miss Sophie Miilais, youngest daughter of Sir J. Evorctt Millais, R.A., and Lady Miilais, with Mr. Douglas E. MaoEwen, Cameron Highlanders, eldest son of Mrs. Syme, of Edinburgh. ; Shortly before the bride's arrival tho clergy and ohoristers moved towards tho south door to re ceive her, and tho anthem. Bo Thou Faithful unto Death, from Mendelssohn's St. Paul, was exquisitely sung on tbo bride's approach. Pre viously the eight bridesmaids ranged themselves on either sido of . the entrance. They were tho Hon. Evelyn Curzou, Miss Millais (sister of tho bride), Miss Mary Millais (her cousin), Miss Ada Syraon, Miss Etta Miller, Misses Lena and Nettie Ross, and Miss Helen Pine. They worn piotu- rosque dresses of yellow corduroy bordered with gold galon, over blousos of white lissc, with puffed sleeves divided by bands of gold galon, and broad frills of Valenciennes laco at tbo throat and elbow, and large yellow felt hats trimmed with yellow and white quills and ribbon. The bridegroom presented each with a walking stick, with Dresden china top, each of a different design, with tho bridesmaids' initials in raised gold letters, and a bouquet of variegated chrysanthemums. Mr. M'Farlan, of tho Cameron .Highlanders, acted as groomsman. The bride, who was accompanied by her father, was dressed in rioh white satin, with full Court train from tho shoulders. The bodice was out square and trimmed in graceful fashion, baok and front with old Veuetian point lace (her mother's gift) a broad band of which divided the two puffs of tho Blcevcs. Her tulle veil was attached to tho hair by three diamond stars, tho gift of her undo and aunt. She also wore a diamond pendant, a present from Mr. and Mrs. J. Symc. As tho bridal procession passed to the chancel, which was adorned with palms and various white flowers, tho ohoristers sang Graoious Spirit, Holy Ghost. The Hon. and Rov. Edward Carr Glyn, vicar of Kensington, officiated, assisted by the Rov. Deoison Lear, rcotor of Wolls, Somerset, cousin of tho bride. Sir John Millais gave his daughter away. Whilo tho register was being signed tho hymn, 0, Perfect Love, was sung to musio composed expressly by Mrs. C. Stuart Woriley, sister of tho brido. Tho coremony over, tho wedding party proceeded to Sir John and Lady Millais's rosi- denco in Palace Gato, where the reception was held. There is a romantio story told in conneotion with tho marriage last, month of Miss Scott to Mr." Hay, ono .of tho heirs of tho late Duko . of Cleveland. Mr. Hay, so it is said, was formorly an aspirant to the hand of tho young lady, but his suit was frowned upon by some of tho relatives because of his lack of what was considered the necessary means. When the duko died so littlo did Mr. Hay think himself interested in the event that he did not attcud the funeral. Ho was, how- evor, telegraphed for afterwards, and, proceed ing south, found thnt ho had been bequeathed a very large fortuno and an cstato worth £30,000 per annum. Ho wooed again, and this time won. Prince Henry of Pless, who was married on 8fch December to Miss Cornwallis West, is tho eldest son and hoir of a family which, although it has nover held a soveroign position, takes high rank among tho comparatively few non- royal princely houses of Germany. But it was not until 1850 that tho titlo of Prince was con ferred, while tho qualification of Serene High ness is oven more modern. The house of Hoch- berg— all tho mombers of the family are Counts and Countesses of Hochborg in tho Empiro which, according to Voltaire's jest, was "neither Holy, nor Roman, nor an Empiro" — shares with the sovereign house of Rcuhs the curious custom of numbering certain of its sons. Tho present Prince of Plcsa is John Henry XL; bis son, who was married on Tuesday, is his Princeljr Grace John Henry XV. The Pless numbering are somewhat arbitrary ; the houBo of Rouss nover ilinehes from them. Every Princo of Reuse is named Henry ; and in that family thoro io tho curious spectacle of a Henry IV. who is oldest son of Henry LXIII., who was himself tho grandson of Henry IX. The explanation of this seeming confusion is that every boy is numbered in tho order of his birth, whatever his relationship to tho head of tho family, and that when a certain number is reached tho labellings begin de novo. 