THE INSUBORDINATION IN THE MILITIA. TO THE EDITOR THE BENDIGO INDEPENDENT. SIR, —Under the heading of “Insubordina tion in the Militia,” you have, furnished your readers with an article. Whether the title which you have appropriated is one in keep- ing with tho evidence adduced still remains a matter in doubt., Nevertheless, you have chosen to select it with an amount ; of posi tivism which one would at a cursory glance bo led to believeWas backed up by an array of facta which could not bo gainsaid. Bat on prying a little deeper your readers have paly to find for themselves opinions freely. ' expressed without a tittle of evidence to sup port tho assertions. In fact, it would bo very proper, in this case, to ask tho query which one writer 1ms put, “Whether nn ar ticle should have its title before it is mutton or after?” I, think, sir, in the mailer of your present article, had the title been given witli appropriateness after it had been written by the evidence produced,' it would not have boon “ Insubordination in the Militia.” If you had put the words “ The alleged” pre ceding it, it would* .have left some room, but when snob certainty is expressed,, the, least that Is expected is that a defence of the title assumed should bo .forthcoming. Your article commences with these words, “There is no disguising tho foot that tho re cent proceedings of some of tho non-comtnis-, aioned officers and privates of 13 Company amounted to, studied and deliberate, insub ordination." 1 wonder is that statement true. As far as your reference to it is con cerned, there is not oven tho ghost of proof to substantiate this.“studied and deliberate” assertion. Now, shy I am not much of a “bush lawyer,” but I think, with all duo cor I spcct to your well- informed mind,, that any person, young or old, would not want. to know much law, or oven military regulations, to know that when there is no low there can not bo any transgression of it. Your con temporary, in jta first reference to this dis- affair, did its level beat in quoting tho section of tho Discipline Act, to prove that “ tho men concerned had grievously out raged them.” ; But how futile was. their effort. A person need not bo blessed with keen discrimination to observe that not a single section quoted had tho slightest appli cation to the alleged insubordination. But you, sir, have not gono so far. You have truly condemned in tho most positive manner those concerned without giving tbp sections of tho Discipline Act which have been dis obeyed. I do not know whether 1 am correct in.stating that tho administration of our own puuitivo system insists “that tho person pro secuting must give tho section of tho act on which ho hoses his charge, and the evidence given must strictly confine itself to tho spe cific complaint, and failing on inquiry to sub stantiate the charge in harmony with tho sec tion prosecuted under, the prosecution fails and the dofanco is not asked for. ” If this bo truc,l would like to know under what section of tjjp act tbeso men have been guilty of any disobedience of any standing regulation. Let them bo. charged under a specific section, so that they may know what they have to defend themselves against, and if they arc-found guilty, let them bo dealt with in such a man-' nor ns shall prevent a recurrence of acts not conducive to tbo maintenance of ardor and tho dignity of their. superior officers, I ,road either in your columns op jn (.hose of your contemporary that tbp captain of B Company had notified tho non-commissioned officers not to persist in tho presentation. But Why did ho not quote the act, which would have been doubly as forcible as anything ho might state without any apparent authority. From what I can learn from your artip’p, I om lead to bolievo that you lay down as your premises “ that a militiaman when ho joins a regiment abandons bis individuality and-is under iron rules, which admit of no relaxation." i'i’bis is true to an extent, but only as far as tho “ iron rule” goes if there is no “ iron rale." To fit in with some facts which members of tho militia perform surely you do not moan to say that whims and peevish utterances of some superior officers aro to tnko tho place and have the same merit ns any of tho stand ing military regulations. X am informed that tbo military regulations forbid any presenta tion to agy officer without- permission of headquarters." Have the non- commissioned officers and privates ignored this well-known law? I think not Mr. Young was not nn officer of. tho regiment at tho timo of tho presentation. Have tho men used their uni forms for other than parade purposes and thus irmdo themselves liable to reprimand? Some of tbo men would state that they used their uniforms when. on tho road to their duties, supposing they had no right to do so. It has not boon confirmed by the actions of their superior officers and oven of privates, who by long-continued usage have made this regulation obsolete. Had tho men any right to assemble jn their private clothes njid pre sent a civiljan—Mr. B, Youpg—y/ith their photos ns an expression of respect whilst ho was connected with B Company? If not, 1 would lilco to hear tho section that forbids them. But, by tbo bye, some one “ says, what about tho command of Major Robin, who in formed tho moa that they wore not to cairy on tbo presentation. Under what section of tbo Discipline Act did Major Robin "givp tbo command? If you state unconditionally that tho men under their superior officer' fibaU obey any of tho commands bo makes, whether confirmed by tbo regulations or not, thon tho men arc guilty. If this bo tho law under which militiamen live, thon are they sinking their individuality judecd, until an ebb is reached when thojr manliness j« oxtjnct J and cringing serfs take their place. There are many people in this country who think it tiie highest presumption for the Pope to claim infallibility. Bat if the timo Jpis ftppjvpd when majors aro to bo regarded as such without tho assistance of standing laws tq keep them in check, then' has autocracy reached its superlative degree, Supposing, sir, that I was sq unfortunate as to belong to this now notorious B Company, and I was passing along-Pall Mall, and should come in contact with Mr. Young, and raise my hat as a sign of my respect, and then heartily shake hands. If at this juncture Major Robin should pass by, 1 should like lg know, "sip, whether this ‘act of courtesy could’ by any ingenious mind be construed as to read as an indication of my antagonism to the views and decisions of headquarters relative to Mr. Young. If the present nttjtudo qf thg lopal military authorities wj|J assist, us (o qny con 3 elusion, it certainly loads to this, that any militiaman that docs t)]{s, does nqt display antagonism to thq decisions of tho “com mandant,” Could not tho men of B Company bo courteous to oven tbo' very extreme with out being charged with such a dUjwtcoful offence as “insubordination”? fjurcly they could. But when—as “ Mosquito" says—per son's livers are out of order, it is evident that a person cannot oven act a manly part,— Yours* etc., H. G, Rowan street, Bendigo, Juno Id, [For one who is nob a “ bqsb lawyer,” onf correspondent is somewhat of aq adept in quoting sections and regulations. Surety ho will not arguo that when a military officer gives an order ho should accompany it with clauses and sections qf an act op acts Of Par liament before tbo party to whom ll\o order iq given ncod obey it? As for the proofs of in subordination not boing given in onr article, theao wore-furnished by tho militiamen them selves in tho report of tho gathering at which tho prosontatlon of tho photographs was raudo,. It was. therefore, quite unnecessary to reproduce uiem.—-Kr>, B.I.] 