AUSTRALIAN MYTHS. (Belgravia.) Thc Australian aborigines have a curiou myth with regard (o thc origin of water Tliey say that originally there was 110 ware in Australia. They got along very comfort ably without it till one day some udveuluroui spirit suggested that they ought to do some thing to procure it. A solemn conclave wai held and they determined to apply to tin oldest and wisest inhabitant as to the conT to be pursued to attain their object. Tb« venerable native listened to their complainl and told them that thu water was contained in thc stomach of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at tho top of one of their highes! mountains. All that was required was tc make bim laugh, when the water would run out of IIÍB mouth. Auothor great consultation was held, when it was decided that all thc animals should be asked to give their co-oper- ation to obtain the desired result. This they readily agreed to, and natives and unimaU repaired in a great body to the toad's moun- tain to try their powers in tlie way of laugh raising. The first to make the essay was thc ass. Ho brayed so loud that ho might have been a demagogue expatiating on thc crimes of the classes as against the virtues of thc niasses. He shook his long ears till they rattled again, ho kicked his neds higher into thc air flinn any donkey had elevated them before, he cut thc most fautustic capers, all to no use, and thc toad did not so much ns wink un eyelid. Crcsifullun, thc donkey retired, and thc cock strutted up with a self- satisfied air us though he and he alone knew thc secret of how to make thc loni] laugh, lint alas for thc vanity of feathered aspirations, bis crow- ing and (hipping of wings lind 110 more effect than his predecessor's braying, and he too retired discomfited. Olio after thc other ail thc animals, birds, and fishes, tried their best to raise a laugh, but with no better success. At last when everybody was beginning to despuir came thc eel wriggling along on thc around, und, strange to rclntc, thc toad blinked an eyelid and watched its contortions. Seeing this tile eel raised himself into HU arch and walked ulong on his head and his tail. Those.watching the gigantic toad saw tho lniiBclcs nf his mouth begin to quiver. Now thc eel twisted himself into a single knot and walked solely on his head. Lo ! and behold, the toad smiled, and out nf euch side nf his mouth water begun to trickle down. Seeing this the eel redoubled his efforts, he twisted himself iutoudoublc knot and walked jauntily ulong on his head and tail. This extraordin- ary performance was too much for the toud, be opened his mouth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in a mighty tor- rent down the mountain-side, and sprcudiug over the country formed rivers, lakes, and pools; and down, too, came the natives, re- joicing that at last they would have an abun- dance of water. The following story shows that ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria, and resent meddling with the body they once inhabited. A mau travelling in tho country of a friendly tribe, came upon a deserted habitation. Above the doorway he saw the usual crooked stick, pointing in the direction thc family hail taken, and all round thc place pieces of bark covered with white clay indicating a death. He found tracks leading to a tree in which he soon dis- covered a dead body. Anxious to know who had died he laid down bis rug and weapotiB at thc foot of the tree and ascended it. On re- moving the opossum rug from the face he found that it was a friend. He wept for a long time, then went away. He had not gone far when he heard some magpies making a great noise as though they saw Boinething strange. He turned round to sec what it was, and to his terror saw the ghost of thc de- ceased come down and follow him. He was so terrified he could not move, but managed lo address it in these terms: "Why do yon frighten mc when I have como to seo you and never did vou any harm ? It never spoko, but followed Iiiin for a considerable distance, scratching his back with his nails, and then returned lo the tree. When he reached his friends he told them what hal happened, showed them his back lacerated and bleeding, and said he hud a presentiment that something bad would befall him before long. At the next meeting of the tribes he was speared through thc heart. 