.EGYPT AND BRITAIN, Tare death of TnwPnC BASIuA, Khedive of Egypt, has made the question of the British occupation of that country a much more serious one for Her Majesty's Government than it was prior to that event. For the ruler who has gone knew well the weak nesses of .the people over whom he ruled, of the difficulty of financing a country for so long a period indebted to Western nationsl and-of the impos sibility of maintaining an attitude of independence so long as the route of one of the waterways of the world was through his territory. The young Prince An3As, the heir.apparent, is like a young bear, ii so far as he has all his troubles before him. In these days of the nineteenth century the posi. tion of kings or princes is frequently a hard one to occupy with satisfaction to the regal or princely one and the people over whom he rules or hopes to rule. The chief difficulty which 'these high and mighty personages have to encounter i8 that of giving a reason for their official existence. Of many of them it may be truly said that they never would be missed, and it is a remarkable fact in modern his tory that whenever a monarch has retired from business the work of government has gone on as comfort ably as if he never had existed. Time was when the man of know. ledge and skill-the man cunning in governing people--was king; but as the people now-a-days insist that sovereigns shall refrain from go vernment, the' strong king has not a chance of showing his skill either in the councils of the nation or in personally leading his people in the forefront of the battle. Young AonAs, the successor in the Khedival position, will probably discover be fore he dies that his school days at Vienna were the happiest of his life, and that the ghosts of the deceased PHARbOHS who flourished ages ago in the Nila valley have an unpleasant habit of dogging the foot steps of modern khedives, and whis pering in sepulchral tones a blood e?Fitaidog niiE lote iwrit. From the JPyremids and oatacombs of Egypt come the stern warning that e'ery fresh civilization is but another addi tion to the numberless strata of the relics of human existences which lie 'buried under the sands of the Libyan Desert or the deposits of Nile mud. The chequered career of TETWFIK shows how slight is the power of a prince in these days, and how great is the might of the European official who is the power behind the throne. All these things young ABBAS will have to learn, and as it takes an emperor or a khedive some time to gain his experience, and as his experience costs more than that of ordinary mortals, the.possibility is strong that the new ruler will yet add some notable pages to the history of that land which was the cradle of e vl~iz~tlon. It is a curious commentary. on the position of Hindu, Mohammedan, or Buddhist princes with relation to their secular or religious advisers, that for many years past it has been con sidered necessary to have the former sent away from their native sur roundings and Oriental culture to. European civilization and the knowledge of the West. And it is somewhat strange that after having had a view of European civilization placed before them these Oriental princes have gone back to their native soil only to become the puppets of Europeans In India this fact has been strikingly noticeable, for whereas a native prince can do much as he likes within his own palace, his doal ings with his people and with the Government of India are duly regulated by a British civilian known as the resident. So. that these princes have their regal wings as closely clipped by the British residents within their borders as has the sovereign of Great Britain and Ireland in all matters upon which Parliament has the say. The lessons learned by the British in India regarding the manaage. ment of native princes have evidently been put in practice from the time when a British protectorate was estab lished over Egypt., TEWFIK PASHA learned that when the weak man calls in the strong to his assistance the latter has an unpleasant habit of asking what profit he is likely to re ceive from the transaction. Doubt less, Britain, as a nation, has directly gained nothing from her share in Egyptian administration, except securing the investments of her capi. taliste in the securities of that country. Bat, undoubtedly, Egypt has been benefited by the establish ment of settled g vernment, and Britain has indirectly1 gained by being in . a position to render impos. sible the shutting of the gates of. the Suez Oanal in :er face. In all likelihood the latter nsaideration has bulked.more largely ih recent times in the view of her M jesty's Govern ment, and led Minist rs to argue more strongly in favour of the maintenance of the protectorate th i, even the en. suring to the British boadholder that the Egyptian fellah should deliver up the last ounce of the pound of flesh to the delivery of which he had been bound by the wasteful and extrava gant lords and masters of his nationality. As was to have been expected, the French newspapers consider the present an opportunei: time for settling the question as to the British occupa tion of the country. One of the Parisian papers shouts out that a European war will be the out come of the dispute, although it is certain that Germany, Aus tria, and Italy will not fight upon the matter, and that the only other great Power which would stir in it is France itself. Doubtless the oc'cupa tion of Egypt will be a subject of which much will be made at caucus meetings during the forthcoming political campaign in Britain, and the YAIIsnBUaY Government will be de. nounced for insisting that England shall remain in a country whose people wish-if they are not at present struggling-to be free. But talk of this kind will not hide the fact that if Britain stepped out of Egypt to morrow another country would make preparations for assuming the position which she had vacated, and that British interests would not be pro moted~by the change. A country so weak in itself, but so important as to its situation, harassed by the M[ah diets, liable at any time to influences from Stamboul, and always open to the attack of Russia, must be sup ported by one strong nation, or a combination of the Great Powers. If Britain chooses to maintain that occu pation, and the majority of the Powers have no strong objection to their taking that course, it matters little to the world who does the work. The land of the Pharaohs is in as pros perous and pacific a condition as it would be under the rule of any other country, and, whatever the defects of the British may be, they have proved themselves to be more successful in dealing with native races than any of their rivals. The occupation of Egypt is a subject which is as little a party question as the maintenance of the British power in India, for the one matteris largely dependent on and the outcome of the other. And it is not at alllikely that the British Government, even with a general election staring them in the face, will propose to abdicate in favour of Prince ABnBAs, seeing that they for so long refused to leave the country to the rule of his late father. 