RECREATIONS OF A CITY PARSON. The second volume of theso humorous and elegantly unimportant reminiscences is not a whit loss entertaining than its prodooessor. Br. Boyd's kindly wit nnd gentle oynicism, com bined with tho habit of keeping a caroful diary, havo won for him an appreciative and even nffectionato public wherovcr the English languago is road. AVe may tell, by the way, an unpublished story nbout this, which he himsolf recently narrated. Ho i3 the mainstay of magazines ; the magio letters A, K. If. B. were an excellent vouchor for tho periodical literature of tho English, world. AVith the cyuioism, liow- evor, of which we havo spoken, Br. Boyd recently forwarded one of his essays anony mously to a well known magazine. . It was declined with thanks. Then to another, and a third, and a fourth, from all of wbioh it came back apparently unread. At lost ho simply addod A. K. H. B.,aud rcdcspatched it, and, of course, it was instantly acoepted. Dr. Boyd . Twenty-tire . Years of St. Andrews. September .JStiS to September ISM. lty the author ol the 'Becreations of a Country Parson. Pol. II, (London ; Longmans and Co.) told this story to a young lady who lives by her pen, addiug that ho did so " for the encourage ment of nyoung writer." AVo rccolleot a good many stories of tho author himself which wo do not find in theso pager. Ono of thorn deponds upon the foot that Br. Boyd'sohuroh, tho Town Ohuroh of St. Andrews, is arohUeaturally a singularly unattraotive building, and it appears oven uglier than it is by contrast with its beautiful surroundings Ouo ovoning tho ministar was walking home when lie met a lady who had been noticing that the sunset was making a brillinnt glow ovor his ohuroh, and she oxolnimed, jokingly, " Look, Dr. Boyd ; can that glow be tho Town Ohuroh onfire?" The minister navor turned his head to look— ho simply said, "My dear madam, I wish it were —I wish it woro 1" Still, it was only fair that Dr.. Boyd should select his own reminiscences, the moro so as lie is so gontio to peoplo who havo selected them for him. He says: — "I read yosterday afternoon in a very bright Lon don evening paper a somewhat detailed state ment of what this second volnmo is to - contain. Ah not a lino of tho book was writton when I read the smart paragraph, and as I did not know myself what tho hook may provo to bo (and certainly havo spoken to no one on tho subjcot), that forecast is quite without author ity. And yet it is to be confosscd that it ap pears not unlikely; that (if I am allowed to finish the volume) it may bear a considerable rcscmblanco to what tho olever writer sug gested." In a moment aftar this comes one of tho most characteristio passages. Tho narrator is speaking very soriously of a period of weakuosB and warning lie has described in tho previous volume. "It seemed," ho adds, "as if all tho permitted spneo, must bo lived after a warning." And then follows this delicious puragrapb about " a dear old saint " whom he know, telling of a moment in his life : — "Dootor, how long will it bo?" "About half an hour." I nee, in this moment, tho worn old man who thus related the story of a solemn period in bis history. Then he paused, the old time coming over him, and added, amid doop silence, "That was 40 years ago." It is not safe for the roviewor to turn the pages of this volnmo ono at n time. If ho does he will never gct his review fimsliod, AVe com mitted tiio indiscretion, mid hero is what met our eye ou tho next page:— "Ho was an excellent old parson, but, unhappily, provided witli a super-sensitive nervous system, who wns preaching one day nbout the swine who woro drowned in the lako of Galileo. J nut as he Btatcd that thoy all perished, an unpolished eoul in a gallery pow proceeded to dear his throat in a truly awful manner, producing a very loud sound of a terrible sort, which reverberated through the sacred edifice. The prcnohcr was stung beyond endurance. He said, 'the evange list states that all the swine porisbed iu the waters. But hero there is plniuly soma mistake. One of the nnimals still survives, and. is at this moment in that gallery.' So saying, lie pointed at tho ofTending member of the congregation. Such n remark cannot wholly bo approved) Yet he was an ndmirahlo man from whom the ory of anguish wns wrung." To our. thinking the - perfectly bnlanccd Christian comment in tho Inst two sentcuocs is as funny as tiie story. But not only nro tiio good Btorios so numerous; almost eveiy sentence is provocative of thought. Dr. Boyd has known well more than 30 suicides, men and women ; "It would be very sfrango,"ha says, "to see that littlo' company here in this quiet room .together." " AVo wero great purists," he adds, "in tho matter of giving an author's oxact words, who prepared tho S-otlish Hymnal ; but not a man durst proposo to giva one line of Fnbor's famous hymn aa he wrote it ; ' All journeys end in welcome to the weary.'" Somo of theso suicides, this potior rustious tells us, woro "as good and kindly souIb as I hope to see." And hero, is a finely put bit of literary criticism : "That which moistens the eye of any mortal to read, tho author wroto with tears." Some other literary verdicts will not be accepted so unanimously ; this for instance The day of half crown magazines is gone by. There is but one exception, the oldest of monthlies hoTds its own, and flourishes. But tiio position of Blackwood's is quite by it self. Mnga is tho organ of n great politioal party. Eveiy educated man and woman has to read it. The prestige of its past history is quite without parallel. Immenso weight attaclios to anything said in it, not the least in the minds of such as differ from it." AVhen the great uigan was dedicated in Glas gow Cathedral— an instrument of whioh it wns said, "there lVnot a finer one on earth" — Dr. Boyd preached tho morning sermon, approving of the religious aid of grand music, and "our great orator Caird " preiiohed in the afternoon— " protly flatly in the face of tho morning dis course." Someone said of it to the preacher afterwards that it was "a most admirable sermon to bo preached on the occasion of tho taking down of theorga'n of Glasgow Cathedral. " " AVIiereat," Dr. Boyd tells us, " the great preacher smiled, and added tho just statement that the way for a man to bo led to truth was to beaten first on one side of tho head aud then on tho other." Ono is rcmindod, of course, of Ruskiu's saying, that truth is so many sided t hat a man cannot tell it nil without contradicting himself several times. " Manners Sutton is Archiepiscopus Canluariensis. You sco whence tho signature comes. Dr. Robert Chambers was fond of telling how tho abbreviation of old was Cant. But the suggestion was too painful, and it had to be given tip." Hugo trauslated tho Firth of Forth "le premier de quatrieme." Also he states that the favorite musical instrument of tho Scotch race is le Bag pipe. Dr. Boyd will not admit Mr. Gladstone's claim (wlion he is not in AVales) to bo Scotch. "Illustrious as he is, a man born in Liverpool cannot bo said to bo a Scotchman." Thoro was a letter from Gludstono to Tulloob, with whom Dr. Boyd was staying, among those recovered Bridge and were picked up miles down tho river. The cngino was got up and put to rights again. "But though railway boards are not ninoh amenable to sontiinentnl considerations, I nin told it has novor been scut across tho magnifi cent new Toy Bridge into Dundee." Dr. Peerio's thosis for his D.D. degree wns entitled "David's Dancing ; or the Hebrew Fling," audit "was tho unanimous opinion of tlia Faculty that no more suggestive and erudite treatise had ever been laid Bcfoie them." Dr. Maogregor said of Bishop Thorold, who had delivered o temperance address, " He would give a far better teototal Icoturo if ho would tako sorno grog." A poor woman spoke with groat pathos of her little girl who had died, nnd who had sungher favorite hymn several times boforo the end. Then the mother took the preaaher to see tho tombstone on which exactly the following line had been out : — " I would like to be a Hangel." But this dear soul, loving humor greatly, but respecting sincerity aud sorrow more, adds, "All fooling is worthy of deep respeot." As a specimen of what Dr. Boyd himself con sidered humorous in others, we may quote tho following, which, lie says, is not known at all in Europe, but whioh he thinks worthy of pre servation in tho pages of bis reminisoeuccs : — TOA.MUIE. . A weird phenomenon, O MnJe, art thou I One peusive enr inclined toward tho west : : Tlia other soul-Hnii'-onst by a littlo sou', , ' The oiimo exulicate of peace and rest. But who can toll at what untoward hour Thy slumbering onergy will insert its function. With fervid eloquence nnd awakening power Thy hoe haw and lliy licols in wild conjunction? AVur, liavoo and destruction envy llioo 1 Go, kick the stutliiig nut of time nnd spacol Assert tliysolf, Lliou child of destiny, Till nnturo stand aghast with frightened face I A greater marvel art thou than tho wondor Of Zoii3 from higU Olympus launching thundorl Tliore are few ghost stories beliovcd in by more peoplo than those supposed to have their homo in Glamis Gastlo, and many have boon the explanations of tho awful seoret which is alleged to bo told to eaoh sucoooding lord as ho comes of ago. Dr. Boyd would dispel all these Iegonds at a blow. Everybody has heard of tho haunted room at Glainis. It lias been put about that the mentioa of it is a painful subject in the family. Never was ranker nonsense. In tho morning tho first question of the delightful eonntcss to Iter guests was, "AYell, have you soeu tho ghost?" Tho earl treated the subjeot more scientifically, in a fashion yielding praotieal counsel. He told us that some years beforo an excellent dignitary, who was always collecting money for churob building, had just gone to bod, when of a Btiddon tho ghost appeared ; apparently a Strathmoro of soma centuries back. With great presence of inind the clergyman took the first word. Ad- drossiug tho ghost, ho said he was most anxious to raise money for a ohuroh he was erecting ; that ho had a bad cold and could not well gat out of bed ; but that his collecting book was on hiB dressing table, and ho would ha oxtromcly obliged if his visitor would givo him a subscrip tion. Upon this tho ghost vanished, and has never como book any moro. Dr. Boyd has a great admiration for Professor Froudo, and pays a high tribute, as against his detractors, to his oharm of manner and beanty of oharaater. Equally, of aaurso, he steals a good story from him : — " Froudo told mo of a singular instance of a man looking at a matter from only one point, of view. A youth at Oxford in his day, being' examined iu I'aley, was asked if he could mention any instance of tho Diviuo good ness which he had fouud out for himself. 'Yes. The conformation of tiio nose of tho bulldog. Its nose is so retracted that it can hang on to tho hull, and yet breathe froely. But for this it would soon Iiavo to lot go.' Tho bull's point of view was not regarded at all. I could but cap the story witli ono from Glasgow College. A youth had preached in tho college ohapel. After service the professors, in the beautiful fore hall, wero discussing tho sermon. They woro all very complimontary. But Professor Buchanan, tho great Profossor of Logic (whom, straugo to Bay, Archbishop Tait did not think very olercr), broko in, ' Oh, don't say that. Thoro was a sad want in aur young friend's sermon. He said a groat deal about how Jonah folt. I should have liked to hoar something nbout how .tho whale felt.' " It is perhaps Do Boyd's own deeply religious spirit and ohnrnctor that render him so in tolerant of anything savoring in tho loaat of humbug, and innny of his religious ancodotes are barbed with a more or less disguised satire. The barb in tiiis one is not very far to soek : — " A zealous advocate of missions was pleading his cause, ovor there, before the inmates of a largo lunatic asylum. The patients heard liirn with great interest. He told bow snd heathenism was in many ways: How sometimes paronts cast their little children into the river to bo eateu by croeodiles, and sometimes cli.ldren cast out their ngud pnronts. As he spoke ono man was moved to Uoods of tears. The function over, tho spenker expressed a dosiro to see this person, and no was brought. ' You seemed muali interested in my address?' ' Yes, very much interested.' 'And oven a little touched by what I said.' ' Very deeply touohed,' Bald the patient, sobbing. 1 May I ask what it was that so came homo to you, my friend ?' ' I was thinking '—then tho patient's utterancs was nrrestcd by violent emotion — 1 1 was thinking '—again he Bobbod heavily — ' what a pity it was that your parents bad not thrown you out to be eaten by a crocodile when you were an infant:"' He does not, however, sparo himself, and many a reminiscence tells of a shaft launched at him— somo of whioh wont home. But ho gene rally manages to think of a worse expcrienac someone else has had— as in this ease " It is not ofton one hears oanilid criticism. It was vory dark outside the cathedral, and I came out unrecognised. A young man aud woman were close to mc ; when tho youth exclaimed, 'How did you like the dootor?' The young woman uttered a prolonged souud of the letter M ; and I anticipated the word middling. But she changed her mind, and said, 'Oh, very welt' Not enthusiastically. I thought of good Dr. Blaok, of the Barony of Glasgow. He had several studonts of divinity at dinner ; and he said to ns, ' Now, don't you think that you can much impress a Scotch country congregation ?' Then bo went on to tell how Dr. Hamilton of Strathblane, father of tha well known London preacher and popular writer, used to relate how ha bad preached in a little rural kirk, got fully into tho spirit of hie discourse, and gave it, as he tiionght, energetically and welt The people gathered an either side as he came forth. But as he walked through them Mordocai appeared. A miserable little tailor, supported by two crutches, with his nose contemptuously elevated in the air, said in a very audible voice, ' It's wonderful what a buddy will do for a piece bread ! ' " Bat these extracts must he brought to a oloso — not in tho least for want of mattor, for thoro are hundreds equally amusing or suggestive, aud tho thousands of obiter dicta throughout the volume would mnke a decent booklet of them selves. Here are two little " personalities " to conclude with: — "I trust I may he allowed to livo to see the Lord Rector's chair filled by Lord Rosebory. How tho onthusiastio young fellows hero hollowed when he got his degree 1 Lord Rcay was Rector then. AVhen the gravo pro cession filed out of tho hall the carl was laid hold of and kept behind; then tho undorgradnates (and graduates) environed him, shrieking for ' A Speeoh !' I think I sea tho solemn look of reprobation with which ha began in awful tones, 'Gentlemen, this is most unaoadomionJ.' Bonamy Price told us of an interesting talk he had with Tennyson in some public conveyance. He said inuah to TennyBon about In Mcmorinm. Finally, wiieii' thoy had to part, the great poet took him by the hand and said, 'AVlio nro you? I must know who you are.' But Bonamy Prioo said,. 'No, I'm nobody,' and so went away. I think even Tennyson would havo been pleased to know who it was that prized his writings so highly. Doublo- firsts aro not many." Here is a Glasgow story : — " An enormously waaltliy Glasgow man said to a keen old Glasgow woman, 'You seo, the race is not to the swift, nor tho battlo to the strong.' 'No,' said she with deep significance, 'nor riches to men of under standing."' Here is a story of Prinoipal Tullooh : — "Tulloch often told me half soriously that I had ' a morbid appetite forgoing to church.' The week day eongrcgation consisted almost ex clusively of women of tho eduoatod class, and when Tullooh. heard' that a neighboring laird had several times put off a ganio of golf to come to ohuroh, my Soar friend said to me very seriously, 'It is quite olear that his brain is softening.' " Here is a- delioious anecdote : — " On this occasion the bishop gave his blessing very briefly andquietly. It was not as when, a youth, recently gone- over,'' went down on his kneos in a Protestant drawingroom,' amid a largo party _ beforo dinner, and asked a oardinal who just eutorod for his blossing. Tiio mngnificant old man looked decidedly rufiied, and said in impatient tones, anil without any punctuation, 'God bloss you get up sir' and turned away. Somo present thought of Mr. Burnand s suggestion for a future archbishop oursing pilgrims." The shovel, hat, apron and gaiters whioh be long to the ordinary costume of an Anglioan bishop are woll enough kuown genorally ; but they are unfamiliar in somo places, bb Dr. Boyd thus shows: — "On suoli a day a party of irreverent youths mot tho chaplain and tho bishop. Apparently they woro unfamilar with the peculiar garb of the hierarohy, for ono lad yelled out (in, I fear, a derisive spirit), 'Blazes, seo his logs.'" Tho author does not often allow himself tho luxury of an anecdote that is purely personal to himself, .but here is ono: — In this July a country mombor, much concerned in matters agricultural, eamo to mo one afternoon in tho club, and informed me that by far tho groatcat compliment had been paid the humble writor thatever had been or. ovoreould bo. An animal of extraordinary valuo and beauty appeared in tho published record of high bred cattle as boaring my odd initials. I was somowhat startled, ond liked it not. 'Don't you know,' ho said with indignation, ' that tho Maraliioness of A. and Duchess of B. are proud to havo their namos in that book? You don't understand things at all.' T certainly remarked for a whilo after that my namesake got many prison at shows. But the last mention of him wbb tragio. The murrain got into that unpurohaaablo herd, and they had to perish. Tho said A.K.H.B. is still &livo;» but ho is to bo killed toniorroup, I liavo ?o more." Lovers of " Elia " will be reminded of one of his Btorios by the following 44 Tho impatient reader may regard these facts as beneath the dignity of history. But in a little, though famous, city we make much of littlo things. And Ihavo known Iobs recorded solemnly. Thero is a most beautifully situated town in Scotland whioh supports a weekly newspaper. 1 think I oan quote with acouracy a par which onoe appeared in it. 4 "We regret to have to ohronielo that our ostcomcd townsman, Mr. John Smith, driving his cow out of tho field last Tuesday, slipped in the mud at tho entrance gate, and camo homo rather heavily to tho ground. Our esteemed townsman nt onoo got- up again, and wo rojoico to say that he has suffered no inconvenience whatsoever from the accident. " The reminiscences contain pathotio as well ns amusing incidouts, and tho following simply told story will not bo road by many without emotion : — I was waiting in a very littlo cottage by the bedsido of a poor fellow, 41 just a laborer," dying. Ho was 32, and had four little children. Aftor lying silent for a while ho said he would like to sco them, and the poor wife brought them to the bedside. He could speak quite distinctly, though the chango came in an hour,, and I thought he would say some thing of parting advice, were it only to bid them be good children and kind to their mother. Vet all. ne did was just to take cnoh of tho three elder ohildren by tho band, and to say, 446uid day." As for the youngest, a wee thing of 2 years old, he said to it, 11 Will ye gio mo a bit kiss ?" and the mother lifted up the wonder ing child to do so. 44 Say Ta, ta, to your f either," she said. 44 Ta, ta," said tho little boy, in a loud, oheerful voice, and then at once ran out of tho oottage to play with somo com panions. Then poor David oloscd his eyes, and some tears ran down his cheeks. Bui, he said no more. I know the ways of my nation. We aro not a doraonatrativo race. We liavo not words to say what we feel, and if we hnd wo should be blate to use them. It wob the abundance of that poor friend's heart that choked his utterance, and brought down his last farewell to a greeting with which he might have parted from a neighbor for a few hours. He was weary, weary, too, and so 44 Guid day " was his only word. After all, however, the aliiof charm of this de lightful volume lies not so muoh in its store of outertaining anocdote aud pithy saying, but in its revelation of the writer. No one will lay it down without being tiie bettor for his insight into the character of this Christian parson— bo simple inalldoop matters, so amusingly elaborate in all superficial ones, so gentle for the sincere, so sarcastic for the pompous and the hypocrite, and regarding celtc ckarmante promenade d travers la vie with so humorous a tolerance for the present and so perfoot a faith in the future. There is, however, one thing ncocssary to complete our knowledge o£ the essayist who recreates us with his own "recroations." We know what Dr. Boyd has to say of St, Andrew's; has to say of Dr. Boyd.. — Daily Chronicle, 