THE hundred and odd pages of Hansard con taining the report of the first week's proceed ings in Parliament. will probably not have a hundred readers, yet the speeches were good and deserving of general attention, especially one remark by Mr. Robert Harper that, at the end of next year, the colony will have to meet debentures and Treasury bills to the amount of £3,500,000. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen also drew attention to the fact that between 200,000 and 300,000 persons are receiving wages in the colony, and as they are supposed to pay about £20 a year in taxation if 40,000 of them are out of employment there is a loss to the State of £800,000 per annum. He argued therefore that the Government must keep up the wage fund, and could only do this by spending about three millions per annum upon cheap railways. In 1920 the colony would have a population of four millions, and in a hundred years there would be fourteen millions. The debentures of the railway companies in England, Ireland, and Scotland amounted to over twelve hundred millions, and they were at a premium of from 16 to 20 per cent. He contended that.the colony of Victoria had not nearly reached its limit of borrowing. This would be very true if the population of the colony was a progressive one, but it does not show those characteristics in a degree commensurate with the efforts of the Legislature for many years past to foster progress. Sir H. J. Wrixon mentioned one little incident showing how the Legislature is continually in advance of the capacity of the population to make use of the facilities offered them. Village settlements and a homestead policy are now in favour, but Sir Henry pointed out that the law already exists under which men can take up three acres of Crown lands as a garden, and very few have availed themselves of it. The same thing can be said, indeed, of all the land selection facilities from time to time offered in the colony, and the present demand for mallee land is not so much for the purpose of making use of it as for the money valae to be obtained by re-sale. Mr. Deakin's speech was. remarkable for some keen and outspoken objections to the great political power without responsibility wielded by the Age newspaper, but, curiously enough, lie argued for an increase of that power by deploring that the referendum was not in force. This, he said, could not supplant Parliament because it would only be applied after Parlia ment had debated, the issue. That is not reasoning.whichi will stand the slightest exami nation. It is not possible for any represen tative body to debate any issue with any good effects to thecommunity if the power to decide the question is lodged in a mass vote. This is the very reason why co- ordinate powers over finance cannot be entrusted to two Houses. It is not that tile second House may not be wiser than the first or Lower one, but that the latter could not possibly act with wisdom and vigour as well as prudence if its every thought and act were shadowed by the fact that its power was subordinate to aliother and diflierently constituted House. Mr. Deakin ~as also wide of the mark in assuming that referendum votes would give clear indications of the will of the people. They would do nothing of the kind, as the questions submitted to an " aye" or " no" vote could not he framed so as to ~be understood, besides which how could the mass v.ote of the town populations be checked from swamping the country votes ? The whole thing is absurd. Equally so is Mr. Deakin's idea that Parliament would be better, pleased,inndi the p'edple.beiter. served; if the personal element in making up and altering Ministries were supplanted by a vote of.the House to. allot members-to particular offices. That sort of thing destroyed ancient Rome, and the very success of the develop ments which placed the present Ministers together as one Ministry proves that the mechanical system Mr. Deakin favours would be altogether inferior to it even if it were workable for one Session, which it would not be. The common sense of the leading men of the community is, after all, the best source of governing power, and after the ballot box has created those leading men it is the very worst kind of suicide to let it kill them by referring to the referendum, or to a vote of the Lower House, such work as Mr. Deakin would allot to those methods of governmqnt. THE debate on the proposal to dismiss the three Railway Commissioners has been opened in the Assembly, and an attempt to postp ,ne Stock Tax lias bten very properly rejected. The Commissioners have petitioned the House for an enquiry. As a matter of fact the enquiry has been made in all essential particu lars. The question is whether the Commis sioners should be re-instated, dismissed, or allowed to resign, with compensation. We think the last named course should be adopted, and that the House should remit the question to a Select Committee with instructions to effect that arrangement and to hear any state ments the Commissioners wish to make or evidence they wish to'call, principally as a record of their defence and secondarily as justification for the compensation and for any exculpatory report the Committee may present to-the House. Mr. D. Wilson, Government Dairy Expert, will lecture at Myrniong on Tuesday next, at 2 p.m., upon the subject of Factory Dairying. Mr. Wilson has been devoting his whole time to this matter for some years past, and is the most competent authority upon the subject in all the colonies, especially on its commercial side in reference to packing for export, shipping, &c.;, and the management of factories as public en terprises. Every dairyman thinks he knows more than lie can be told about butter and cheese making, which may be the case, but there is a lot of information accumulating about factory management. A very beneficial change in the train service between Melbourne and Bacchus Marsh was made on Monday last when the goods train there tofore leaving Melbourne at 4 p.m. was altered to a mixed train leaving at 4.5 p.m. This replaces the Adelaide express in all essential respects, although the journey occupies more than twice the time. Another advantage of the change is that the traineqnipment-engine, driver, fireman, and guard-is stationed at Bacchus Marsh over night, thus being available for any emergency work, such as assisting the last train from Mel bourne (if a heavy one) up the racecourse bank. The Department saves the goods train which used to be run out from Melbourne at the mnplea sant hour of 5.15 a.m. for the sole purpose of returning from Bacchus Marsh as a mixed train nt .0.80 -m. Tlhig In.tto trin i. rntninoi. but afternoon, at 4.5. The Department has also cancelled a goods train which used to leave Ballarat for Geelong at 11.30 a.m. The engine and guard of the Adelaide morning express which passes through Bacchus Marsh now have to return by way of Geelong by taking a goods train out at 11.25 a.m., reaching Geelong at 2.55 p.m., and starting out from that station at 5.25 p.m. to meet the Adelaide express at North Geelong, from thence taking it on to Ballarat. The public are not interested in this latter Depart mental detail, which is only mentioned here to show that the economical utilisation of trains and their staffs is not such a simple matter as outside observers imagine it to be. The train doing the Bacchus Marsh morning and night journey will also run up to Rowsley at 8.20 a.m. and return at 9 am. The goods train which reaches Bacchus Marsh from Ballan at 5.45, and returns to Mel bourne with milk at 7.15 will do whatever work is required at the Dogtrap gully siding. The evening trains up and down the Bacchus Marsh line were stopped on Wednesday for a little more than an hour by the line being blocked at Parwan station owing to the engine, tender, and one truck of the 7.15 goods'train to Mel bourne running off the line while shunting; the cause being, we hear, that a rail was broken. The Departmental superintendents should en quire strictly into these broken rail incidents, and publish the evidence, as such events are too serious to be passed off as unavoidable "acci dents." At an earlier hour in the same evening two wheels of an engine got off the rails in the Bacchus Marsh station yard, but this mishap did not cause any delay. The detention of the passengers at Parwan and at Ingliston was not an enviable experience. The engine was got on the line at Parwan in time for the morning express to pass up to Melbourne, a gang of men being brought out from Melbourne for the purpose. lailways generally bring rats into country townships, and Bacichus Marsh cannot expect to be free from these vermin much longer, as Mr. Joseph Lodge (who lives near the railway station) killed a rat on his premises this week. We heard some time ago that rats are numerous on the Wyndham plains. The Bacchlus Marsh Court of Petty Sessions sat on Wednesday from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. with out any adjournmunt for lunch, as Major Bar trop's sense of duty would not permit of even a fifteen .anicutes.asili.oju-nmetsnt Lilicrousi1 enough lie absonted ilsnisilIf 'frim tIs e C6ort ist'8' o'clock and on his return apologised for his un expectedly lengthy absence by stating that he had been offered lunch and could not resist the temptation to take it. The legal gentlemen smiled their forgiveness, but necessarily in rather a hollow fashion. Major Bartrop's lengthy Court experience should teach him that a twenty minutes adjournment at 1 p.m., or as near to it as possible, expedites rather than retards busi ness. The sale at Lilliesleaf, Macedon, on behalf of Mr. Hanmilton, will take place on Tuesday next, when Messrs. Dixon & Son will offer a valuable lot of furniture, velhicles, horses, cows, sheep, &e.; As the lots are numerous and the daiys are short the sale will start at 10 a.m. On Wednesday evening next the Bacchus Marsh Band of Hope will Ihold a public, meeting in the Wesleyan church. A progrismme of dialogues, recitations, and songs will be given. A cordial invitation is given to all to attend. A collection will be taken to defray expenses. The following item from the 'Woodend corre spondence to the Kyneton Guardians may interest some church managers:--The new organ for St. Mary's Church is an American importa- - tion from the firm of Doherty and Co., Clinton, Ontario. It is a powerful instrument, yet sweet in tone; lhas 23 stops, 2 keyboards, and' pedals. It will' be a grand acquisition to the church, the old one being sadly out of order. Thie great cantilever bridge across the Missi sippi, joining the States of Tennessee and Ar kansas, has been completed. It is tln'ee miles long, including the, trestle, work, and cost 600,000. . Mr. I. A. Fairbairn will hold":a-sale at Myr niong on Wednesday next on behlbfot-Mr. John Whelan. " ; ;' A lamentable boat accident occurred in Hlb son's Bay on Saturday night by which fifteen men and boys lost their lives. They.were resi dents of Mornington, and had crossed over to the other side of the bity early in the day to take part in a football match at Mordialloc. Return ing at 6 p.m. in the fishing yawl belonging to one of their party their boatman evidently put on too much sail to make a quick passage and the consequence was that the wire support to the boat's mast was carried away and the boat capsized in deep water owing to the weight (it is supposed) of the inmates being all on the weather side to act as ballast to the pull of the sail. Mr. Arthur Peck, who was one of the persons who picked up the boat on Sunday morning said, at the inquest-" After inspecting the gear of the boat my opinion is that she was on the starboard tack when the wire stay, which is also used as the halliard for the mainsail, parted, allowing the sail to run down, and the whole of the crew, who had evidently been acting as live ballast being out to windward, caused the boat to upset and founder." Of course this is generally described as an " accident," but is was really criminal care lessness on the part of the owner of the boat, who was navigating it, and who had replaced the ordinary sails of the boat with what is called her "racing suit." He and his son lost their lives with the rest. The following is the list of the drowned, the three first-named being sons of the Rev. James Caldwell, a Presbyterian minister stationed at Mornington:-James Caldwell, 23, selector; William Caldwell, 21, medical student; Hugh Caldwell, 17, builder's apprentice; John 23, blacksmith; William Grover, 25, builder, leaving a wife and one child; William Grover, 17 (nephew of above), accountant at local bank; Charles Allchin, 22, architectural student; James Firth, 17, wheelwright's assistant; George C. Milne, 40, labourer, leaving a widow and four children; Alfred Lawrence, 19, grocer's assistant; Charles Williams, 23, carpenter; Charles Hooper, 47, fisherman, leaving a widow and five children; Charles Hooper, jim., 14, son of the above; John Coomber, fisherman, leaving a widow and chil dren in Geelong. Only one body (that of Law rence) was found entangled in the boat, which was a highly dangerous mode of conveyance when run (as she was) with such a load under racing conditions but not racing management. The following from the Argus refers to a son of Mrs. Simmons, of Myrniong:-A sad accident occurred at Devenish on Thursday afternoon, when a young man named George Mowbray Simmons, occupying a farm in that district, was run over by a dray whilst in the act of stopping a runaway horse. He was taken into Benalla for medical assistance, and died there on Friday morning. The deceased was formerly employed by the Telegraph departments of New Zealand and Victoria in turn. The officers of the latter de partment sent a beautiful floral wreath for the funeral, which left the residence of Mr. J. Taylor, Inspector of the Board of Public Health, for the Melbourne General Cemetery. Telegrams from Mauritius announce a terrible hurricane there last week which killed 1,500 persons and injured 1,000, or rendered them homeless. Twenty-nine steamers were wrecked on the coast. The damage to the sugar planta. tions has been immense. A relief fund has been started at the Mansion House, London. The following information may interest some of our readers just now, as the Melbourne Gas Company is offering to sell " tar and breeze" at Is. per ton:-Tar pavements or flooring are made by mixing with fine breeze, or small coke, just enough of thick refuse coal-tar tolmake it somewhat sticky; put a thin layer on the smooth and hardened surface; on this spread a couple of inches of metal, or pebbles, or coarse gravel, then a thin layer of the prepared breeze, covered lightly with fine gravel, and beat or press together. It is cheap, slightly elastic, and dur able. The following paragraph from a Western Aus -ni'mad ri?e-ast wee stoa-w'fai- bi'eng voped? 1 from the refrigerating works at Newport with butchers and private consumers:-" But another aspect has been added to the question by Mr. Harper's letter to the Council of which we pub lished a copy in yesterday's issue. Mr. Harper strongly pleads that the market scheme would not be complete unless provision were made for receiving and disposing of chilled goods, and there can be no question whatever that in regard to the supply of food to a town, now-a-days, and especially in Australia, this principle must hold a high position. A few years and the chilled meat business will in all probability wholly revolutionise the present processes of victualling our centres of population. The promoters of this great reform claim that it will enable meat to be supplied at cheaper rates, and that it will prevent the destruction of large quantities which is at present unavoidable, and which both diminishes the profits of the grazier and butcher, and helps to increase the cost for the consumer. Nor can we lose sight of the point that this will enable us to once more see upon our tables that luxury unattainable in summer, meat tender enough to allow a pair of jaws of average power to masticate it. For three or four months a joint must be eaten in such a condition as almost to defy teeth and digestion, The refrigerating chamber or truck would remedy this. Equally would the purveyor of farm and garden produce benefit by the introduction of this system. If it can be worked in with the proposed market, the erection of warehouses for the reception and dis posal of chilled or frozen produce would be a great and general gain." A shocking murder was committed (says the London Timles) on Saturday night, April 9th, at 10 o'clock at Melksham. Louis Hamilton, at tendant at the lunatic asylum, Devizes, left his situation last week with the view of marrying Florence Adams, a female attendant at the same place. On the Sunday previous the banns were read in St. James's church, Devizes, but since then the- girl had broken off the engagement. About 9 o'clock on Saturday night Hamilton was drinking in the Crown Inn, Melklsham, with the girl's uncle, a man namned Richards. Shortly' before 10 o'clock they left the house, walked along the canal, and when near Sparoad Hamil-. ton took out a revolver and shot Richards dead.: Hamilton, whose real namne is said to be. Gurd,' came on Monday, about 11 p.m., to a public-' leouse in "Corsley, near Warminster about 15 ment. The landlord refused to open, and Hamilton wreaked vengeance on a horse which was fastened up hard by, shooting it in its neck.. The landlord drove into Warminster and gave; information to the police. Superintendent Perrett, Sergeant Molden, and two constables 'went in pursuit, and at about 3 o'clock they saw Hamil ton approaching. When within a few yards of the officers he said to tihe superintendent, " Do you want me, Sir?" and stepping back, put his hand to his pocket as if he wished to take some thiing out. Perrett rushed at him and clasped him round tihe waist, but Hamilton got one of his arms loose, and shot Sergeant Molden in the side. The unfortunate officer expired in about a quarter of an hour. The murderer was quickly disarmed, and locked up at Warminster. The murdered sergeant was about to have been pre sented with £12 and a clock at Shrewton, where he was recently stalioned, as a token of the esteem felt towards him by the inhabitants of that district. The Minneapolis Tribune reports desperate fighting at Butte, Montana, between cowboys and cattle lifters. The latter had made their winter quarters in a secluded spot in the moun tains, where they wore attacked by the cowboys, who had dilfficulty in reaching the outlaws' retreat owing to the snow. Tihe assailants were repulsed with the loss of eiglht killed and several wounded, but will make fresh efforts to capture or exterminate the outlaws, while the latter are no less determined never to be taken alive. A telegram from Wyoming tells of a fierce fight near Riverside between a large river posse and a band of cattle thieves, 28 of the robbers being killed, while the sheriff lost 18 men. eDhdEret?urn match between fifteen of the -Alxindra detachment and fifteen of the local c6rps took place on Monday last, 23rd inst., the result being in favour of the visiting team. In firing at 100 yards range Bacchus Marsh was ahead by 10 points; at the 200 yards four of the local team broke down completely. The visitors shot well throughout. Fourteen of the local team were first picked but in consequence of having made the highest scores at the last three practices, the others fired for the 15th place, the highest score counting as one of the competitors. The following are the scores:-Bacchus Marsh Private J. O'Keefe, 25 and 8; Private D. Barry, 21, 21; Bugler Vallence, 23, 18; Corporal Burt, .18, 20; Private G. Marshall, 23, 15; Private E. Lawrence, 20, 15; Corporal E. Heath, 24, 19; Private G. D. Marshall, 24, 22; Sgt. Whitbourn, 20, 16; Private C. Fagg, 21, 18; Private J. Wil kinson, 22, 12; Private W. Burt, 23, 14; Private G. Lyle, 19, 7 ; Private 11. Hine, 20, 0; Private J. Lawrence, 24, 11; totals, 327 and 216. Alexandra-Private Knight, 18 and 20; Col. Sgt. Hall, 20, 22; Bugler Edwards, 23, 17; Private Magee, 17, 16; Private Gorman, 21,14; Private Alston, 22, 17; Private Irvine, 18, 24; Private Hardy, 23, 17; Sgt. M'Kinnon, 23, 21; Corporal Ainsworth, 24, 20; Private Cocking, 23, 17; Private Hubbard, 21, 16; Private Collins, 21, 20; Private Armstrong, 24, 19; Private Weymouth, 19, 13; totals, 317 and 273. The visitors were billeted out amongst the local cadets from Satur day night until Tuesday morning. They were a nice, quiet, well-behaved set of boys; and left a good impression behind them. Lieutenant. ames was in command of the Alexandra detachment, and he ought to feel proud of his corps. translator very greatly exaggerates when he declares MarbOt's Memoirs to be in some respects the most interesting book which has appeared in France or England for a generation. We cannot recall a book so overcharged with thrilling ad ventures and escapes. Our only doubt is whether the author did not invoke imagination to the assistance of his memory. But we have no right to suggest so much, for not only is the genuine ness of.the memoirs incontestable, but the main and even the minute facts of tihe narrative are historidal and generally confirmed by clouds of witnesses. Works on the compaigns of Napoleon have been common, but these memoirs of Marbot seem to us to be unique. He not only discusses strategy with professional knowledge and judge ment, but he takes us, as it were, behind the scenes, and shows us the mechanism of campaign ing and tactics. Ho describes the material of which the great armies were composed when the lift ood of France had drained away on many a blos battlefield. He shows that there was a loug, doubtful, and a perilous distance between the pipeclay of the private and the marshal's baton; and that it is a popular fallacy to believe that recruits rose rapidly from the ranks. He shows that the secret of Napoleon's most brilliant successes lies at the bottom of his sudden and startling collapse. As each soldier-although it sounds incredible- was literally sent out to forage for his daily food, the movements of the army were unfettered by cumbrous provision trains. On the other hand, the marauding soldiers broke loose from discipline, and the wretched inhabi tants of the territories they overran detested the ruthless invaders. The first serious reverses were the signals for general revolt, and yet Napoleon, in his confident self-inflation, was so far left to himself as to cover the advance of the Grand Army on Moscow with Prussians on the one flank and Austrians on the other. General Marbot, although a great admirer of the Em peror's genius, judges him almost as candidly as Segur. Indeed lie had no reason to be effusively grateful, for although the Emperor had promised to take the place of his father and had. shown him special civility on many occasions, "pro motion came doom slow" as Dalgety says, con sidering his wounds and his services. Napoleon is, of course, the central figure on the broad canvas, but Marbot groups the marshals and generals about him. Marbot can paint with the brush of a St. Simon, and some of his portraits, .?tff ?Ya -"XAn .yr, an- -tle ' irow" Sainto-Croix, are simply admirable. He shows that the essential vice of the military system of the aggressive Empire was over-centralization. The autocratic Emperor was the sun of the sys ten, and his marshals, when they were not basking in the smiles of the autocrat, were always quarrelling and showing their teeth. They seldom scrupled to sacrifice their country and the unfortunate soldiers to their selfish jealousies. Bernadotte leaves Davout unsupported at Auer stadt; Soult refuses to support Massana in Portugal; Junot, Victor, and Bessibros will brook no superior; Ney and Reynier throw them selves across Massdna's arms when lie is liitting out at the English on "Busaco's iron ridge;" and miserable differences of a similar- kind aggravated the horrors of the Russian retreat and precipitated the disasters which were the conse quences ofLeipsic. If we did Marbot such justice as we should desire, we should find matter for remark or quotation in every one of lis chapters. His memoirs may be placed side iy aide with those of Sugur, as the thrilling personal narration by a capable strategist of wars which efiarked an epoch in military history, and which have an exceptional fascination for the military student. In the following comments the Argus is not aware that it is giving a powerful argument in favour of State Socialism :-Mr. Goschen's Budget, it may be added, contains one historic "revenge" which may well satisfy the ghost of Lord Beaconsfield. His famous purchase of the Suez Canal shares in 1875 roused the anger of Gladstonian critics to mere shrieking point. No one to-day denies the political value of that transaction; it gave Great Britain a controlling voice over the great artery of Eastern trade. But it turns out that as an investment the pur chase of the Suez Canal shares was a simply golden stroke of finance. When the shares carry their full rate of dividend they will yield a return of £625,000 a year, or nearly 15 per cent.; while their market value two years hence will be, Mr. Gosehen calculates, ±19,000,0001 Lord Beacons field's "blunder," that is, represents a profit to thle.nation of nearly 400 per cent. Would that our own'" statesmen" would conmmit a few such "blunders!" STihe first train of 83 trucks loaded withll Amer ican flour brought by the Missouri to Ilussia as a gift from thie American people to the fmunine stricken Russians, was started off to Samara, one of tie fiucine districts. ameid.ureeat cheerin andc soflcicl': ceremony..- Tices, tie - soconc(- ces" of flour, was contributed by Minnesota. The vessel had arrived thie previous day, and was met by the Russian harbour steamer with a military band playing " The Star-Spangled Ban ner," and having on board the American Consul General from St. Petersburg, the American del egates, and high IRussian officials. Ovations and banquets in honour of tihe American agents of relief and benefiactors ensued. .Even artillery salutes were fired to .thlie. flag of the Missouri. The Tsar sent the captain a handsome present of a silver tea service. His Majesty lhad pre viously sent anl enamelled box to the captain of the first relief steamer from tlie States, tihe Indiana. Tihe practical Americans enclosed printed directions in Russian in each sack, showing how tihe contents were to be used. The Russian moujiks are thereby to be taught the use of Indian corn-flour instead of rye. The Baynton correspondent of the Kyneton Gliardianc writes :-I cannot understand the dairymen in this district being so far behind the times, as it is well known that tihe old style of pan-setting is a failure compared with a separa tor; first, they get something like thirty, per cent. nmore cream by -using .the separator; secondly, they have not half the labour; and thirdly, their skinm milk is sweet and of a superior quality. I, as one who know something of creanmeries, can say, without fear of contradiction, that if a man and his family can manage 30 cows on tlie old pan and churn principle he can com fortably deal with 45 withll the aid of a separator, and a creamery to send tile oream to. There were two very severe frosts in Bacchus Marsh on Tqosday mand Wednesday mornings. 