Bob R/|aitin'S Little GidL lf|f A KB'W HO'VSl.. ' By DAVID CHBISTEB MtJRBAY, Adthob of "Joseph's Coat," "Aunt Raohel," " Rainbow .1 Gold," &o.;, Specially Written for Australian Papers. falii queensland bights he3ebved."| Chapxee X'f. — (Oonttnued,). He was passing one day in front of Mrs. Redwood's Rouse of mourning, and paused to look at the operations at that, instant going on there. The garden was littered with articles of furniture bound m straw. .A huge furniture van stood before the gate, and two men were Btaggering along the path bearing a high cottage piano between tbem. It was evident that Mrs. Redwood was on the move, and making that departure from the eoene of her life's tragedy which he knew from common gossip bIio had had in contemplation theBe two months past. The fact that a man bearing his own name had been the author of the tragedy gave an interest to it which it would not other wise have possessed for him, and he was speculating as to who thiB mysterious un- mscoverable namesake of his might have been, when a horse's footfall on the frost- hardened road reaohed hie ear and he turned round to face John Hetheridge. 'Aha,' he oried, running forward to meet him. ' I had learned that you were not dead after all. It is a Btronge chance that throws us together again. You will allow me, Mr. Hetheridge, to congratu late you upon your escape.' At the sound of his first greeting, Hetheridge started violently in his saddle, stared with dilating eyes and then ohanged colour. He reoovered himself in a moment, and leaning over the horse's nook stretched out a hand, which the Frenchman grasped warmly. 'How are you, Mr. Dom?' he asked. 'When I saw you first I took you for' a ghost. I Buppose,' he bddea, with a olumsy laugh, 'you noticed now you startled me at first. The truth is, that ever since that adventure in the hueh and the long illness that came after it I've boen .as nervous as a cat.' ' Ho wonder,' said Monsieur Dom, sym pathetically. ' I am myself experienced. I should know. I was bashed foi three days. There is nothing more horrible. Ah, my dear sir, I know, I know.' Hetheridge dismounted and tethered his horse to the railings. ' I have business here,' he said, ' and I must go in for a little time, but I mustn't forget to ask what brings you hero?' ' I,' returned Dom, ' am,the employee of Sir Eustace Wycombi I have oare of his vinery. It is pleasant. It will not be hard work. I shall grow a grape, the finest in the world. I could make from it a wine which the Count of Monte Cristo oould not afford to drink. It would ooBt him £60. It is you English for. spend ing money on your elegant luxuries. Eh ? ' ' Yes, I suppose so,' said Hetheridge. 1 We'll meet again ; I'm stopping at the Black Bull. If you care to look in there in an hour's time you'll find me.' Ho had no liking or affection for the man. Save for himself and Ellice Red wood, ho had no liking or affection for anybody. The sudden appearanoe of the man whose name ho had adopted filled hiB mind with crawling and insiouating fears. The undetected criminal is alwayB a terror to himself. He starts at shadows and sees in every bush an olfioer. The phantom band hovers above his Bhoulder whether he sleep or wake, and at any second, to h!s, ranoy, the phantom may grow into sudden fleBhand bone, and fall with the inexorable fiat of the law. Un spoken words haunt the eaves of expecta tion. 'You are my prisoner.' The words wait always on the threshold of the ear. They tingle in every pulse. The wide air holds them meshed ia silence and they are always ready to escape. Hetheridge had begun ,-to learn already that a murderer's bitterest penalty is to go scot free. Tho mere denunciation, tpal, and hanging of the common villain would have been meroy compared to the fate whioh hiB own devilish astuteness had adjudged him. He had no liking or affection for the man, and yet he must needs meet him aud he friendly with him, if only out of superstition. He had stolen his name— the name of the first Frenohman with whom he had ever been on anything like familiar termB, and here, as if by a miracle, was the legitimate bearer of it carrying in his very presence an uncon scious oballenge and reproaoh. - Monsieur Dom dropped in at the Black Bull, the flavour of whose excellent oup of cognao he was already acquainted rilth, and there awaited Hetheridge's arrival. The landlord of the Bull was always ready for a ohat, and Dom,- after the manner of his nation, was inolined to he ldqunoious about things whiph were of no special moment, though — still like his nation— he could he secretive enough when he chose. ' I have met our Meestare Hethe ridge,' said Dom. ' Hs is, as I guessed he would he, the gentleman 1 knew. It was to me he spoke his last word before riding away to got lost in the buBh. Life is a curioua thing that brings us two again together after so lobg time and so far nway.'s , Yes," the landlord assented. 'It's a hit queer altogether, Mr. Dom. It's a very ' odd thing that two Frenohmen hearing the same name should come into a little place like this. Ono right on top of another. I wonder where that blood thirsty old party is. You never saw anybody as looked Iobs likely to commit a murder. A' mild spoken, quiet mannered, queer old obap as over you'd wish to seo. Bent double he jwas, too, pretty nigh, with hie old fists a quivering on his walkin' stick. Ho Locked us if couldn't a hurt a ohild, even if he wanted to. Couldn't hardly speftik.a word of English. There was 'ardly anybody,' save Mr. Redwood, as oould understand him when he talked. I suppose the thing will stop a mystery now since it's gone so far. Bat the thing as'll alius puzzle me is what the old hoy done it for. The two was always friendly in a sort o' way. There was no notion about robbery. Poor Mr. Redwood's watch and chain, and his pooket book, with £35"in it, in Bank of England noteB, and $he money in his pockets— why, they was all there to a ha'penny.' Monsieur Dom sipped his cognao and pulled rofleotively at his pipe of sweet oaporal. 'Yea,' he said. 'It is strange. It is very strange.' He had fallen into an odd mood, as he sat with a curious expectation, a sense he could not have defined, though it had been to save his life. It was as if a man should ait in a twilight ohamber with almost a surety that by-and-by a door would open and show him some unheard- of thing. ' The landlord, pleased with a Hstener, went on. 'There's the murder — that's a queer thing. : There's that old .'Frenohman oomin' from nobody knows where, to do it, and goin' nobody knows where, when it's done — and that's a queer thing. There's yoa, as different from the man as light from dark, oomin' in among us, and bringing hie name back again. And then as queer as any of 'em,' here's Mr. Red wood's old friend, reckoned to be dead this two years, turnipgup two days after the murder like a ghost. I'm ;,' said the landlord, ' if ever I , 'heard of such a lot of queer things together in all my life.' 'Mr. Hetheridge,' asked Dom, 'was the friend of the man who was killed?' ' Brought up together,' the ' landlord answered. 'Pretty muoh like brothers, till they was two or three and twenty. They had a hit of a tiff later on about the young lady poor Mr: Redwood married. They both wanted her, and Mr. Redwood got ,her. The other man, he went out to Australia.' ' And was lost for two years,' said Dom. ' That is a long time to get lost for.'- . ' Yea,' said the landlord, frothing out a mug of beer for himself, ' it's a longiah time ; hut when you come to think about it it's natural enough. The poor man seems to have got a sunstroke in the wilds out thero, I've heard him say he didn't remember even his own name when he got into his right mind again.' There was the open door ! But stand ing in the light it gave or seemed to give was an imagination so monstrous, so un founded, so gratuitously impossible and absurd, that Monsieur Dom waved it im: peratively on one side, and deolined to look at it. ' Gould not remember Mb own name,' said tho landlord. . . 'And so took mine!' The words sprang into Dom's mind, and were almost at his lips before he saw how wild they would; have sounded if spoken, how mad they seemed even to his own fancy. This Hetheridge bad known him ; Andre Dom had vanished for two years from the eight of tlje world, had had reason to hate Redwood, had come to the scene of the murder within two daye of its perpetration. Wei), what was there in all that? The root of the ridiculous fancy, of wMch it would he wise to breathe no Word. For the next 10 minutes the landlord had the talk entirely to himself. Monsieur Dom thought assiduously, stroking his huge moustaohe and grunting yes or no at random. At the; end of that time Hetheridge entered, aud the Frenchman awaking from his reverie plunged into talk with him. ' Our good friend, the patron,' he said, 'has been telling, me that you suffered from a ounstroke from your wanderings in the hush.' 1 ' Yes,' said Hetheridge, with averted face. ' You'd have thought it too late ia tho year for that, wouldn't you? But I remember one or two blazing days.' Was that fanoy, the little vigneron asked himself, or was it humbug ? He remembered the long and painful search for the missing man, and he recalled it minutely, detail by detail. Hot weather for the Beasonof the year undoubtedly, but hot enough for sunstroke ? Possibly, he thought, at last. There was no know ing preoisely what might happen to a man weakened by want and exposure. Hq deoided that he suspeoted nothing. That as an honourable and clean minded man, he had no right to suspect anything. The fancy which had attaoked him was no better than an intrusive madness. He would let it go. But all the same it clung. to be continued on monday. 