The First Death. I TASL.Ts I molts TIlE raBEOnC . La Farlede was a little village of four or lee hundred inhabitants between Amiens and Abbeville. Sod in Autuim, gay in spring time, clean, silnct, stretched along a wide road, its hones low, with rofis blak annd pointed, surroundcd by swampy meadows Ind crowned by a forest of oaks, it was a s"onterpart of all the other villages of P'icardy. Yes, it was a coonterpert; even to the osquettish chateau, its evrls of rs d brickt, its windowo eacings of white stono, that is always part andpircel of a Picardian land oape, a.nd <at stands a thousand metres, in?te ?lees, from the outskirts of those p__ provincial hamlets. La Farlede, at the moment this story opens, was in a hubbub of excitement, for a cemetery, their own individual burying ground, had been achieved at last. The itonicipal Council, which had so long hoarded the funds drawn from the taxpayers for the purpose, had finally eere fit to pur chase an ancient field, to wall it in, and to nconseorate it to the well merited repose of the people of the country; "and on and after November 1; 18-," so the announcement read, "the cemetery now definitely enclosed would be ready for the reception of its guests." Naturally enough, every one gossipped and jested with his neighbor on the subject of the "elect," who would point out the road to his compatriots, but the hubbub increased to a positive riot when simultaneously with the conclusion of the ceremonies that made the oncient field a "Gottaker," handbills ap peared on the walls, including the M sire'e, to the following effect : Whereas,being sound of mind and sound of body, I hereby declare that in order to soothe and sweeten the last moments of him or of her who will be the first to inaugurate the new cemetery, I have placed in the hands ofhe e Mire of La Farlede the sum of ten thousand Irancs, to be delivered to the family of the fiars inhabitant who departs for .corner and perhaps better world, on and ifter this the day of opening, November 1, 18-. In witness, whereof, signed and sealed by myself, JEA?N BITcUMLEUx. In other words, the proprietor of the chateau already described, formerly a Bohe mian of the artellers of the Boulevard Clinohy and enriched by the decease of an aunt who, at the final moment, had consented to afford him herforgiveness for the profession he had chosen, and to leave him the inheritor of a goodly estate. In the days of hie youth an incorrigible 5jkLr, he stilt at times, as in the matter of this handbill, indulged in the same propen sity. The statement of the placard was true, however, and in the twinkling of an eye the news was all over the village. Groups of people congregated before the bills to read for themselves, while others more incredulous ran to the ]oire to ask for confirmation of the same, "The fact is exactly as given," he re sponded, promptly; " there is no mistake soout it, The money is in my hands and will so remain," &a.;, &o.; The announcement thus offtlially vouched leer, everyone joyously returned to his home to begin at once the ealeulation of his chance \--o take stoct, as it were, of those belonging tC him, and to estimate their average long ceity. It goes without saying that those of the inhabitants fortunate enough to have e:el or very aged relatives were filled with triumph, though, of course, they triumphed sbcretly and in silence, whilet the others tones whose families were sound and healthy -were forced to comfort themselves with the forlorn hope of an no.ideot, an unexp.seted seizure, or insidious draughts of air. " Such and such a one's tkking off," they recalled, "had been extremely sudden; So ond so's trifling illness fatal; nnlooked for deaths were always ocurring," and those thousand tantalizing pistoles danced a eara bend in their dreams even when they fell asleep. As for the Ilaire, poor man, life had be come a burden to him because of the hourly deputations and avalanche of queries to wmich he was forced to listen. 'Must they be of the village," they hbe sought hfm anxiously, "or was it sufficient to be a member of the parish ? Did children count, or relatives by marriage, or those whom death might take by violence?" queries that plainly betrayed the villagers' sngoish of mind, and hugely amused the donator. Is is not every day, as you know, that people give up the ghost in villages, and a whole week passed by after the opening of lte cemetery, without an event of the kind occurring. Still the brains of the people coutinued to be over excited, lnd every one, from baker to butcher, from curate to hbus asudman, laid off work from time to time to measure with his eye, or calculate mentally, the additional goods or farming ground pr chasable with the money-only the cafes were busier than ever. By the end of the week the story of the hndbills had become an old one, but by no means a less absorbing one, though the Lillaers no longer lowered their eyes or voices when discussing the matter, and openly footed up the chances. The family of a certain La Poireaux, by common con vent, had settled it that they were to hbe the ifrtunate inheritors, for had they not among them, this family, La Poireaux an old wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of habit alone-a wheezy, yellow, dried up old mummy, whom twice a day they carried to the door to bask in the sonshine, and whose dvmiee had long been expected. "But sometimes these aged ones live for ever," objected a malicious listener, "and this one showsno more signs of dying than he has done for sixmonths past." ' All the same," added another, " it is the f inily of La Poireaux whom the Moire" has his eye upon." Nevertheless, despite the anguish of desire that had seized upon all in the race for this money, La Farlede possessed no assaes. sin. It was true that the ailing and the very aged had become a centre of interest to every one in the family, for they would be able, it accommodating, to leave behind them a snng little sum, yet no one dreamed of amoelerat. ing their departure. uIn the households of the less happily placed the interest was equally absorbing a harsh coogh, a laboured breathing, bring. imzthe ear open the alert in an instant. Coughe and diflult breathings were bar bingers of inflammation of thelungs, and inflammation of the lungs, as every one knew took ite victim quickly. I another cone had a red face or an indigestion they awaited apoplexy, and a child who had been an invalid from birth, and began to recover from the moment of the proclamation, was cat ohff with a shilling in the will of an indignant aunt, whose heir it had prevoinsly been. The entire village at the expiration of this eame week was pale and emaciated. Even those who hed coffed the loudest at this waiting for dead men's shoes no longer elept tranquilly; drunkards drank twice as much as they had drunk before ;the avaricious cored in secret; while the sick, on the con trary, the only ones who objected to this fashion of ringing the bell,reemed to vie with each other in the haste of their re-. eover1. On the morning cf the 10th of November, however, a bell, or rather a knell, did ring nut, instead olf the morning Angelus, and the people, falling over each other in the dark ness, and railing at fate, precipitated them selves toward the church to learn who had won. Alas, arrived, there, breathless and panting, it was only to lind that the beadle (as usual), fll as a thrush, more dazed than ever from brooding upon the promises of the placard, and thinking of nothing but death had rung without reason. Truly it was time this business should end, or they would 8ltbes5amad as tlbadle. : .... A?. Ah, well, there lived at this time in La Farlede, a poor and unfortunato peasant, the father of too little helpless babies, and with whom nothing had over succecded. Though scarcely past his fortieth year, he had run through every country of the world, to return at last, vanquished, to his native village. Ite was a good fellow, gentle, afrec tionate, dreamy, and inoffensive, but he.was' unable to gain a living for himself `nd family in a country where the struggle w~ith the earth was hard and endless. isselender Irame took badly to the labour of the lie!de, and he possessed no otherresource, Misery and want encompassed the household, nnd each evening before the smoking cinders the wife cried in undreessing the children, and he, tortured and cowed by a sense of weakness and failure, writhed in eceret. The placard of the painter litumoneur had made upon him, as upon the rest of them, a deepimpreaicn. Nay, more than that, it Itad given him an idea. Whet if he should be the one to leave ten thousand franes to his wretched family? It would I lift them above want for ever; they would be able with the money to purchase at Abbe-. ville, perhaps, a haberdashery-perhaps a more pretentions shop. Hil wife was intel ligent, induetrioue--sbe wouldsunrely prosper at the buineree. te saw them already, these deprived ones, secure of the necessariee he had been unable to give them, the boy later on employed in a bank, the girl married to a commisseire. That evening he embraced them and held them upon his breast longer than usual, mur muring as he wetched them laid upon their scanty straw. "I will doit-I must do it; it is my duty l, The idea that had come to him with the reading of the placard, and born of misery and shame, was suicide. For him it was the rehabilitation of all his disastrous enter prises, the atonement for the sorrow that he had brought upon his family. But, oh, the agony of parting from these beings so ten derly loved, whose welfare and happiness he could secure at last, but secure only by one means. IIe went out to walk for a while in the embrowned fields, the yellowed forest. but the rustling of the dead leaves that his foot unshed aside sounded to him like the rust. linog of a shroud; sobs burst from his un. ?uished breast as he regarded the wide heavens, the valley full of shadows, and the littio village that held his all. For a lonS time he hesitated. Perhaps ohance would deliver him- perhaps it would not be necessary to take his life in order that they might live, that they might have fire upon the darkened hearthstone, and bread in the empty cupboard. Long ago he had tesured himself by talking with a neighbor, who had questioned the Maite. that sanicides would count in this funeral play. Of cohuse he must kill himself-to wait longer was to permit tha chance that as yet was his, to be grasped by another. iHe took his gun, climbed the hillside that overlooked the vil. lage, and fixed his eyes upon the dilapidated roof that did not even shelter his wife and little ones. The next morning, when they found his body-a wood.outter passing through the forest had seen it, and spread the news-the crowds cursed it, and threw stones at the orpsee of the poor hero. The women sought to spit in his face, the Town Council itself waited upon It. Bitumoneux to demand of imn that the money should not bepaid to the family of esch a tricketer. The painter rasponded by adding ten thousand more to the first ten thonsandnd charging himself for ever alter with the care oi the widow and her children. "It was my fault," he told himself, deeply moved by the tragedy-" my fault, and but fr me the thing would never have hap The Maire alone and the gendarmes, whom t had been neoessary to call upon before the body of the martyr could be laid :in the ground, followed it to its last resting place, and that same day "'the old wreck from Trafalgar" and two beside him passed to their last account. The memory of the snicide is still enraed 'hroughout the whole of Picardy, and upon his tomb one reads the ineoription (rut there by a cunning but eacsligious hand during the darkness of the night alter the inter. ment). The diteh of the thief. 