$LqUb fnrm (Exchange. The Church Missionary Intelligencer contains a deeply-interesting account by the Eev. E. J. Peck of his work among the Eskimos, from which we make an extract: — 'Left Great Whale Eiver early in the morning, the wind being ahead, and bitterly cold. After some seven hours' travelling we found four families of Eskimos, whose snow houses were built close to some high rocks. Found one family, most of whom were Christians. They gave me a warm welcome, and cleared away a space in their snow house for my box and bedding. One who came to seek and to save the lost. They listened very attentively, and spoke in grateful terms of my coming to see and teach such dirty people. True, the latter term is by no means too strong an expression to use in this connection. The sights and smells of an Eskimos iglo are indescribable, but I am thankful to say that, ' in some cases at least, the people are becoming more cleanly in their I habits, and as time goes on we hope to see greater changes still. In the evening had all the people together in the iglo in which I was living. Here, by the light of an oil lamp, we sang hymns, read together, and prayed together. I then gave them a simple Gospel address, which they listened to with much attention. After private reading, wrapped myself up in four blankets, and slept comfortably through the night.' — Australian Record. The new Education Bill is exciting the bitterest controversy in Germany. Speaking last week, Count Von Caprivi thus summed up the Government side of the question: — ' The question is not one of Protestants or Catholics, but of Christians or Atheists. One view of the world which is making itself more and more felt, even in the Berlin schools, is opposed to us — viz., Atheism. Abstract moral instruction without a Christian basis^ will have little success in elementary schools. Whoever admits that the struggle with Atheism must be faced is bound to admit that religion must be taught in such schools.' The Premier held that Church and State can hardly ever be quite sepaarted, and in reply to an argument brought forward, declared that Scotland was able to dispense with religious teaching in its public schools only because it was the most religious country in the world. In Germany it would be difficult to maintain religion among the lower classes without definite teaching in the elementary Bchools. The Daily Telegraph and the Age. are urging with great force of argument the adoption of a perfectly novel plan in the crusade against the liquor traffic. They urge that the Norwegian liquor laws should be adopted here; all private traffic in drink forbidden, the liquor trade made a State monopoly, and its ' profits' devoted to defraying thecost of its mischiefs. Our contemporaries advocate the scheme mainly for its financial gain. The liquor bill of the colony amounts to seven millions per annum, and its profits certainly reach one million sterling per annum, and the State, which is so tragioally impoverished by the ravages of drink, has the best moral right to its profits. The moral advantages of the new system, however, are of greater importance than any financial gain. To cancel at a stroke all private interest in the liquor traffic would be a social revolution of the most beneficent sort. If the liquor trade, moreover, were wholly in the hands of the State it would be absolutely under State control; and then there would be no wealthy and unscrupulous class living by the trade, and fighting desperately to defeat the laws intended to restrict them. The Late Duke of Glabence. — An interesting incident may be mentioned in connection with this young Prince, which is especially worthy of notice. During his nearly four years' sojourn at York, in the performance of his military duties, he was a frequent, and indeed a regular, worshipper at the Cathedral. ' We will keep a stall for you, sir,' suggested the Dean to him one clay, ' which shall be reserved for your own use.' 'No,' said the Duke; 'please do nothing of the kind; I will take my chance with others 1' This example of personal humility and of self-forgetfulness by one so illustrious, and by one standing so near to the Throne of England, may be followed with advantage, both to themselves and to their humbler neighbours, by many of our modern church-goers. The Empty Seat. — In one of those large school -hospitals for which ? Germany is justly famous, one dark and stormy night the children were sitting down to supper, and the teacher had said their usual grace, ' Come, Lord Jesus, and be our Guest at this time.' But one of the children looked up into the teacher's face and said: 'You always ask the Lord to come; why does He never come? will He really come?' ' Oh, yes,' the teacher answered; ' certainly He will come.' 'Then,' said the boy, 'I will set a chair for Him to-night to be ready when He comes.' And soon a knock was heard at the door, and a poor man was let in all dripping with rain and famished with hunger. They tended him with care, and led him at length to the empty seat by the child, and the boy's eyes were opened to the truth, and he said: ' I see it all now; the Lord Jesus could not come Himself, and so He sent this poor man in His place.' An important conference on the ' Eeunion of Christendom' is to be held at Grendenwald, in Switzerland, in the months of July and September. Canons Wilberforce, Body, and Fremantle, Drs. Parker, Clifford, and Mackennal, Messrs. Price Hughes, Percy Bunting, and E. P. Horton, have signified their intention to be present, and take part in the debates. A strong desire has been expressed that repre sentatives of the Australian churches should attend the conference. The German Eeichstag has passed a vote for the suppression of slavery in the German possessions in Africa. In an able article on ' Dissolving Views' The Living Church says: — ' But there are three points upon which the recasting spirit of the time will not have any influence, and these are just those points which in God's mercy were preserved in the reformed Church of England: — 1. The Ancient Creeds, as the sufficient confession of the Faith. 2. The Episcopal Eegimen, as the bond of unity and the organ of historic continuity; and, 3. The Holy Sacraments, as the source and supply of life through Jesus Christ, by the Holy Ghost. The nineteenth century can no more rob us of these than the seven teenth; and the Church, holding them with firm grip, as she does, performs for the Protestant world the office of conserver,- saviour, and custodian. The old Catholic Church of the Anglo-Saxon race, which would not be ruled by the Eoman bishops, nor surrender to the continual radicalism which assailed her on the accession of Elizabeth, has a mission in this century. Amid_ the dissolving view of modern creeds and philosophers her lamp shines with the steady radiance of Catholic Truth and Apostolic Order.' The Salvation Army is highly successful in its leading ventures. The War Cry, Young Soldier, &c;, yield no less than £22,623. 