MUSIC AMD THE DHAKA. I £(Dy 'GBATIANQ.') .ji*!!— — ^ j Woodroffe's most interesting exhibition of glassblowing, with which is associated a clever illusionist and ventriloquist in Professor W. Dans, concluded their season at the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday night. Signo Foli, England's great basso, lias given two splendid concerts at tbe Albert HalL All the good things said of him arc wortmiy upneia and equal praise must be given Miss Bertha Rossow and the other members of the company. Will's Variety Troupe, which includes several old favorites, o]-ens at the Academy of Music this evening. Walter Carle's benefit at the Academy last evening was seriously affected by Foli's concert at the Albert Hall. There was plenty of variety in the programme, but we are afraid the entertainment was not the finanical success anticipated. Mr William McKenzie, the well known baritone singer, late of the Montagu-Turner Opera Co., has had to postpone his concert owing to unforeseen circumstanccs till next month. 'Carmen Up to Data' is a marvellous hit, saps the Sportsman and Mr. Loncn, who is the life and soul of that piece, is a mar vellous artist. His Bogie Man is an alrcolute treat. His face in that scene would make tbe fortunate of any Hamlet who knew how to look like that, when the ghost came on. ?In Miss Lethbridge the company ljoasls the . most graceful and elegant of dancerss, and rest of the people are all very good. On Friday, 19tli inst., they leave by special train at ll.lo atter tne pertormancc tor bydncy. where they will arrive on Saturday at seven in tbe evening. Thence they will go by the fast steamer /rr-crnk* to Brisbane, arriving on Monday morning, and playing on Monday night. Tbe feat of travelling a thousand milef, ami only losing one night's appearance is a real 'triumph of management.. Afterthc Brisbane trip the company appear in Sydney ut her Majesty's Theatre. M. Bcmbeig's opera '? Elaine ' was per formed in French for tbe first time at Cov ent Garden on July 5, to the manifest satis faction of a large audience, Mdme. Melba. who is understood to have been the most ealhusiaiic Champions champions for the | production of M. Bemburg'b opera this sea ' son was an almost ideal Elaine, both the j music and the part suited her to perfection. I On the other hand, M Jean dc llc6zke. al I thoueh a handsome Sir Lancelot, had ob viously not fully recovered from his recent illness; while Mdme, Descbamps- Jehm, MM. de Rcszke and platan, lide true artiste, made no difficpltv in accepting the comparatively minor parts of the Queen, the Hermit, aud the elder Astolat, The opera, which was admirably conducted by M. Jehin, was admirably staged. The hope is again beidg revivce in the Australian breast that Mr. Henery Irving and Miss Ellen Terry may be induced to pay a visit to the antipodes. It is rumoured in theatricals circles that the gifted Lyceum leaders may before long — in spite of all temptations to remain on the ?' top side' of the earth — be induced to go ?' down nnuder ' for a brief season. The ' Jira'' is glad to hear that Miss Janet Achurcb may now be regarded as entirely out of danger. She is still, of course, ex tremely weak, and will need a thorough rest b.-fur.- beginuing work . gain. The Avenue Theatre will probably u-ii re-open until the autumn. The Whitehall Rrvitui states that Mr Arthur Roberts, the comedian to whom the run of ?? Blue-eyed Susan '' was due, is now receiving the unprecedented talary of ££0 a night for a single ' turn ' at the Empire Theatre (music hall,) Mr E. S. Willard, the original 'Spider' in the ' Silver King,' has returned to London from America. In view of the prevailing depression, however, he reopens in Montreal with the *' Middleman ' in October. Miss Minnie Tracey, a young American singer, 22 years of age, has made a successful debut at Covent Garden as Donna Anna in 'Don Giovanni.' Signor Dimitresco and Mmc. Nordica were also in the cast. The success of ' Walker, London,' has been so great that Mr Toole will continue its run during the holidays, instead of tak ing his company on tour as usual in the provinces. The Gaekwar of Baroda, with the Maharanee and their sons, were at Toole's theatre on the evening of July 5, aud much enjoyed the performance. Miss Nellie Karren's illness continued so serious that grave doubts arc entertained of her being ever abic to appear again on tbe ?stage. The 'Green Bushes' i6 now forty -nix yean* old. having been first played in 184(j. Not one of the original cast is alive. Mrs Yates, the original Gcraldine, Madame Cele6tc, the original Miami, and Mrs Fitz William the original Nelly O'Neil, are goue. Gone, too, are Yates, Webster Bedford. Wright, O. Smith, and the rest, and so is the author, Buckstonc, who died in the alms houses lie himself founded. But the drama itself lives and thrives, and drew a good house at the Alexandra on Saturday, when Miss Marian Willis played Miami very well indeed. The pulliug down of Melbourne Opera House begins in the last week of this month. The new Opera House, to outshine the Prin cess'p. will probably open in February, with Nellie Stewart, iu the ?? Mountebanks'' — joint management of Williamson and Mus grove. Max O'llell gave his comedy lectures to crowded audiences in the Theatre Royal, and afterwards in the Town Hall, Adelaide. He is now on his way to Queensland, where he opens in Brisbane Theatre Royal on 15th inst. Miss Harrie Ireland, without a doubt, i* (says the Mull, tin,) the most promising of native actresseB now on the Australian stage. Already a tiue-looking girl. Miss Harrie will be an imj»osing creature anon. She suits her f icial expression to the word, apeaks as earnestly and prettily atv she looks, and is a magnetic young charmer to boot. In fact, if she continucN to keep her classical little head, and doesn't try to force herself into more notice than she naturally attracts, and avoids the usual pitfalls of the purfesh, there should be a very bright future for George Ireland's daughter. The centenary of the composition, by Rouget de Lisle, of the ?' Marseillaise' was celebrated on the 24th May in ChoisyIe Roi, the comlWKcr'6 native town, by a per formance of the stirriug national liymu on the part, of a combination of military bauds, the members of several choral societies, and a number of school children. The fetching of Coquclin and troupe to Australia has (says the Sydney JJulletin) been talked over. The cost would be about two-thirds tliai of Bernhardt and party, and the question would be whether to stage flardou's spectacular ' Thermidor,' with its big crowd, or the repertoire of comedies not requiring so many people. Anyhow, it is pr«stty certain Coquelin will visit Aus tralia, aiter an American tour with '? Thtr fcjThe Wirth Circus is wintering in Auck land. The company has b«en reinforced by an Arab troupe. 