BAWEEE^SEBEOKEE n3X',u*V33IiA.3C,' -(' (Author of 'Tho Double Ilvenl,' ' Uanl lilt,' 'Jorltcy Juclc,' Jte.) SPEOFAMA' AVHTITKN VOU TIIK » KKPBB13E.' (ALL HIQUTS UESEBVED.) , CHAPTER XI.-AN UNPOPUI/AB/VVIN. Si 1VTUSKETBY twenty to Olio, lloro, J-VL I'll lay n thousand to fifty. Five hundred to n pony.' Such oriua could bo 'hoard all over tho rinj; nt Kiuidwick on tho Metropolitan Day. It wns quito ovidont Musketry's clmnco wii3 not thouglih much of by tbo gentlemen Wlion Jjoo Koy beard tlio odds on offor, lio sought out Ward, and askod him what ho should db. 'Shall I put moro on ? It looks had. I havo not (job nuuh odilo. You'ro not piny ing tho double, nro you?' 'Not a bit of it,' said Ward; ''but'our very Rood friends soom to hnvo nn idon he will bo kc rate hurt nt tho lust moment. Tlioy scent another Molbourno Cup busi ness. If I had nny inonoy I'd tako nnothor thousnnd or two nt thoso odds.' ' Would you?' said Loo Koy. 'I&ither.; Twenty to ono about an'even . money clmuco. That's what it' amounts to, my friend of tho Flowery Land.' 'But ho couldn't win on Saturday,' said Loo Koy, doubtfully, as ho thought over tho horse's ignominious defoat' on. that day. 'Ho didn't win, you moan,' said Ward. 'JMynioai imiocout Key tluB is becoming quito interesting. Our very good friends tho hooks fancied he didn't win on Satur day because ho could not. Of course I novor told them such was not the caso. Bless thoir sanguine hearts, they fancy thoy know such a lot.' 'You're ft cunning ono, Ward,' said Loo Koy_Trith evident admiration for his worthy friend's scheming. . ? , ',' Not a bit of it. I don't think he could have won. Tho horse that won that race will win tho Cup.' ' Nonsense,' said Loo Key, oporiing his eyes wide. . 'Fact, I assuro you. Tho gallop did Musketry all tho good in tho world, and ho will win to-day right enough. Put a couple of hundred more on him.' ' I will,' said Loo Koy. ' And then when you've done that, take a thousand to fifty for me,' said Ward. ' Tou have got quite enough already,' said Key. 'My dear opium merchant, you are mis taken. All my spare cash has gone on tho horse. I think you had bettor put mo that fifty on. He'll run all tho better when I whisper the fact in his_ear.' Loo Key grinned unpleasantly, but he said: . .... ' Very woll. You shall stand in another thousand.' . 'That's bettor,' said Ward. 'I have como to the conclusion you are a very sensible man.' It had been Cyril's Melroso'a intention not to go to the racos, but the temptation was too strong, and ho went. Ho did not boliove Ward would have the audacity to start tho horse, muoh less win ?with him. . : ' Phil Baxter had beon keeping Loo Koy in sight, and when ha left Ward he f ol- lowod him, and saw him back Musketry soveral times. ' This ib a rum game,' said Phil to him solf. ' If Cyril would not be so pig-headed ho might win moro than ho has . lost. I hate a man won't listen to reason. No one will evor catch mo cutting off my noso to spito lny faco. I'll .take that 'childlike nnd bland' gentleman's tip, and have a hundred to five nghin. Hallo 1 Cyril, here you aro. I'm going to have anothor fiver on this stiff customer.' : ????? 'You'ro a fool if you do,' said Cyril. 'If tho horse had a chance he would havo won that woight-for-age race on Satur day.' . 'Don't baliove the beggar, tried,' said Phil. ' I don't often lose my tamper, Cyril, but by jove you're enough to make a saint perform wonders in tho way of big languago. Hero's this chap Ward playing ono of the cutest games I ovor saw, and you won't ba,. in with him. Why, man, alive, it's a chance you will never got again.' ' You havo got hold of tho wrong end of the business,' said Cyril. ' I tell you I know Ward too well. He's in with the books, and that fiat of a Chinamen will . lose hiB money.' 'Don't you boliove it,' replied Phil. 'Loo Key's no fiat. As a rule a Chinaman of that individual's calibro is worth five ordinary Britishers. Ward is standing in with him, and for once in a way tho books will bo tho victims. I know it does not sound feasible, that a bookmaker should ovor bo victimiaed, but I am open to bet some of them will got a nasty knock over this business. One thing, they can nfford it, and before the year is out they will got it all back with interest.' ' Yes ; cortainly, you can book me a hundred to five,' went on Phil to a book maker who had asked him if he would back Musketry. ' Como and havo a look at tho horso and see for yoursolf,' said Cyril. ' Shan't know much moro if I do see him,' said Phil. ' I'd sooner back Ward than tho horse.' ' ? ' ?' Musketry certainly did not look fit to rnn. Tho knowing ones voted him moro liko a lord, of tho harem than a horse in training to run a fast two miles. Already ho showed signs of sweating, and his neok and chest wore wet. 'There's a beauty to run two miles,' said Cyril; 'he'll bo nearer last than first. Come along, Phil, I'm going to have a pony on the favorite, Harold.' Tlio half hour before thorace had struck, and Musketry was not soratchod. ? : '.,?'.., Still tho books laid 'him whonover they got a' chance, and occasionally backers woro found sanguine enough to take tho long odds.- ..-?'? , .'?? ; Musketry swept down tho course in his preliminary gallop with the foam flying around' him, and vpry few people took much notico of him, '..'? . '??' 'Now, what do you think of him?' said Cyril, as ho stood next to Phil Baxter in the steward's stand. - 'Just as much as I did before,' said Phil. 'fHo moves well enough.' . ? ?'? No need to describe the race. Pooplo. could hardly bqlieye thoir eyes. A horso with nearly nino stone on his. back cutting out tho poco at that rato, and sailinn along at tho head of tho field as though ho meant stopping there. '/; . ; Could it bo possible ^ that half-trainod stallion could last two miles in such con dition? ???. ;. ;-..; ; ;.??.'. ? ?., '. ??:':? Nonsense, ho must fall back, and then glasses woro lovellod on ' tho ' favorite, Harold, to seo when ho would make his ran, and cut this outeidor down. The favorito did mako his run. His jockey soomod to hnvo nuddnnly como to tho conclusion that Muskotry wan n. littlo too far away, and it was quito timo ho ought to show that he was not going to ''??»e matters all hia own way. So Harold's , jookoy shook his mount up, and was booh on MiiBkotry's girth; 'I told you so,' said Cyril; 'soothe favorite's tnoltlod him. It's all ovor.' 'Not a bitof it,' Bnid Phil; 'Muskotry's ?going us woll us evor.' 'Wnit until ? thoy are fairly in tho straight,' said Cyril. ? Thoy did wait, and thon it suddonly dawned upon tho bookmnkorB that tho ' dend 'un ' was running uncommonly liko a winner. ' 'By- ? if he's sold us I'll to oven with tho beggar,' said Moss Lovi, and ho was not tho only ono who registered a.similar .vo\v. # ? At the distanco Musketry came sail iiignway, and galloping woll within'' him-- solf, won the Metropolitan by a good three lengths, while the favorite struggled in third. . .-''... , At first the crowd- seomod unable to roaliso the fact. ' Here was tho horso they had already dropped their money on for tho Molbourno Cup literally making a show of his field, and only half 'fit.- , Thon it dawned upon them that they had boon sold unmistakably. Backora object to being sold, and when thoy aro angry havo sundry ways of show ing their displeasure. As Musketry came, into tho weighing ring there was a dead silence. When Wnrd took hold of his head with a triumphant smile on his face it was too much for Hosh and blood to stand. A howl of indignant discordant sounds, growing loudor and loundor, soomod to mako tho courso ring with noise. ' Swindle' ' Blackguard.' ' Thieves.'* ' Warn him off,' &c;, woro some of the oppressions hurlod at Ward by the in furiated crowd round tho railing. Thon a rogular volley of groans and hoot ings of all descriptions wero poured forth. Ward seemed to tako no notice of this, but ho know vory well what it meant, al though he did not care a straw for the opinion of the people. ? A rush was made for the gate to see Muskotry como out. ' ; As Ward led the horse towards the open ing tho gatekeeper said : ? ' '. 'I'd adviso you to -wait a bit, . Mr. Ward.' 'Not I,' said Ward. 'What do I care for tho howling blackguards ;' and he led tho horse out. . : His audacity aoomed to have a good effect on the crowd. ? , ,/ It is wonderful -what one cool man can do in tho midst of an oxcitod multitude. ' 'Hero, stand aside,' shouted Ward. 'rLet the horso come 'through. He's a bif fresh, and he might -damage a few of you.' ? ..'. , ?He suddenly jerked Musketry's bridle, and tho horso became restive, and soomod inclinod to lash out. .'?'.'.. 'Hanging's too good for you,' aaid a man closo to Ward. The trainer pushed him aside and went onV- .'.' '{. '.'.'... .'.'.'?; ':?'..'.- ??? '..'? ..;. ?? .'. ?'? ??' Matters wero becoming serious when a couple of policemen came up and endeavored to keep back the crowd. r 'Let 'em aiono,' shouted' .Ward. ' They won't harm me. It's not mo they're after. Why don't they getat.the owner.',' 'You'ro tho: owner,' yelled three or four men near enough to hoar the words. 'Am I ?' said Ward; ; 'That's all you know about it.' 'Who scratched him for the Cup ?' shouted another. . ' '^1 did,' said Ward. 'Must obey orders.' Bvontually Ward got the horse to tho sheds, and as he watched him being rubbed down, tho crowd continually joered at) him. There had nevor beon a more unpopular win at Kandwick. . Cyril Moiroso was terribly mortified at tho success of tho horse, and his anger against Ward knew no bounds. The man had -behaved ahainof ully, and had doubly swindled him. Phil Baxter did not envy hi3 friond's feolings, and thought Bilence waa the best. Thoy walked across the paddock, and al most unconsciously came near tho crowd round Musketry. Ward was having an altercation with two or threo oxcitod people, and when he caught sight of Cyril, suddonly stopped, pointed at him, and said : ' 'If you want to know why Musketry was scratched for the Cup, ask him. He's the owner.' Now, many pooplo frequenting tlio raco courso3 know Cyril Melrose was reported to be at least part owner of Muskotry, if not the solo owner. Ward's words acted like a lighted match applied to a bundle of straw, and always ready to find a frosh object on which to vent thoir Bpleon, the crowd turned on Cyril. ? Both Phil Baxter and Cyril heard Ward's words, and the latter said, a- ho advanced towards him: ????'. 'Yon. scoundrel.. Harv dare you tell such infamous lies,' and ho raised, his fist as though ho would striko him. 'Como away, Cyril,' Baid Baxter. 'Don't talk to the blackguard. Ho isn't worth it. Everybody knows what he says is ad- ? lio.' . But Oyril was excited, and would not . bo calmed down. ' I'lljnake you pay for this,' ho said to Ward. ,:.-.. . ?: ;. -???? ?;...? ;? ''??:_ , ? 'Boo hoo,' yelled the crowd, and several of them jostled Cyril and Baxter.' 1 '.Stand ? book,' said Phil. \: 'It, you don't know manners we shall havo to teach you.' : . : ? ? ,. ??'..-: ?' ?-. ?'? ? .'.':?'. , 'You'ro worso than he is,' saidone man, pointing at Ward. : ' It's a cursod Bwindlo, that's what it is. You swells aro no bottor than other folks. You're a lot of boaatly robbers.' ' Como away,' said Phil, and ho draggod Molrospalong. 'You ought to bo chucked out of tho paddock.' How much did the bookmakors glvo you to scratch him ?' . .?.'?.'-..? ' Nice man to run a bank you are.' . 'Such oxprossio'na of opinion wero hurled at ?thorn' as, thoy went away, and Cyril fairly boilod with rago. It was not nn enviable position for a man in his oirsumstancos to bo placed in, and he felt it koonly. Not only had ; he boon dupod himsolf, but othor people fancied ho had dupod thorn, nnd tho im pression wonld bo hard to dispel. Tho ncono would, no doubt, bo ox aggorated Id tho papers. Some budding journalist anxious to croato a limitation would work it up in glowing Inngungo. It would bo nil ovor Sydney to-night, that Cyril Moiroso had boon hootod at for scratching Musketry for tho Cup, and hon havo. the ohook to win tho Motrop. His conduct would bo sovorly commontod upon, and thu goiiornl verdict of 'servo him right ' bo pnsaod. Cyril felt hn could not blnmo tbo crowd. Had thoy known nil tho oirouinsfciuicon it might hnvo beon different. II. wiih vory hind ho liboulil bd miulo to iiulTnr lor tho dceils o!' sucli n man ns Ward, but hu could boo no hul|- for it. What ho dronddd mostonino to ])iisa licit -lnorninu;. Jlr. I.l.iihrop ujioko l-i him on tho sulijucl nnd uxpiu- iscil Iim rcgml. thai Oyril should liavu nulud in such ;i nianuor. Cyril oxplninud ovorything, and thin oiusud Mr. Hatlu'op's mind, Imt ho said : 'Why did you go to tlio couruo ut all? Thoro \yna no occasion for you to do bo. If you had romniuod away nothing of this piunCuluaturo would havo happened.' 'I know it was foolish.' said Ovril. 'but I had uo idoa Ward would dare to win with thu horso. I novor oven thought; ho would run him.' ' Let thia bn a warning to yon, Moiroso,' said Mr. Hathrop. ' In future I should avoid suoh coinpany.' . 'I will,' ropliod Cyril. 'Depend upon it, I havo hud a sovero and unpleasant lesson. Cyril's wife folt deeply the humiliation put upon hor huabnnd., ? She had fancied him weaned from his in fatuation for tho turf, and now she saw ho still hunkered aftor his old lovo. Flora Moiroso wns not n. woman to up braid or locturo her husband. Sho gave him a few kind words of advico, and ho oven chafed at this. ^ That something was radically wrong with him, Mrs. Moiroso folt convinced. It was moro than more racing troubles, and she tromblud to think how tar ho had gono. Sho could not boar tho sus poiiso, or to see Cyril dull and moody, ho who was always bright, loving and cheerful. Thon Rupert had his troubles, and was in soro distress about Mary, and sho had to comfort him. ' Cyril, what troublea yon ?' she saidone night as aho loaned over his chair. ' Nothing, Flora. What makes you think I am troublod ?' ho asked. 'I am siiro you aro not- yourself, Cyril,' sho said. ' I havo boeu anxious about you. Do not let that vilo racecourso sceno haunt you. Put it away, and think no moro about it.' ' It is not that,' said Cyril. ' I had forgotten all about it. Flora.' ' Then what is it. Lot me share your troublo. I am your wife, and I have the right to know all about it,' she said. 'I'm not very well, that is all. Flora,' he replied. . * ' You may not bo woll,' Bho said, 'but your mind is troublod, as well as your body. Has anything aunoyed you at tho bank. Is all right there ?' He started and looked at hor, and thon dropped his eyes, as he Baid, angrily : ' 'Of course all is right at the bank. What on earth put such a silly fancy into your head? What do you suppose is wrong there ? You don't fancy I am about to bolt with the contents of the safe, do you?' ' Cyril, don't. You pain me. Such a thing could never happen. What I meant was, had anyone in the bank offended you?' 'No,' ho said. ' Do not bother me any moro. Flora. I'vo quite enough of the bank when I'm thero, and don't care about talking of it when I come home.' . Sho said no moro. A fooling of unde finable dread seemed to have come over her. The heavy clouds denoted the approach ing storm, and Flora Melrose felt she waa groping in darkness. There was a mystery sho could not fathom. Sho never doubted her husband. Had anyone hinted to her he could do wrong, sho. would have repelled the accusation with scorn. Flora Melroso had gone out of the room, and Rupert was talking with bis father. As she was returning, Bhe heard her son say: '. _. . 'I wish you would have a glance ovor Mario and Go's account, father. There's been a mistake in it, I think.' Through tho half-open door she saw her husband's face. : Cyril had suddenly turned white as a ghost, and a hunted frightened look had como into his eyes. . It was a few moments beforo he replied. To her his voice seemed strange, as ho said : 'You must be mistaken, Kuperfc. Mario and Co'a account is all right. I have paid particular attention to it on account of tho large overdraft. I will look through it again, but I am Buro it is correct.' ' If you hare had it in hand I am sure it is, father,' Bnid Rupert, smiling. ' I'm only a young man and, perhaps, over-anxious.' ' Oh, I can mako mistakes,' said Cyril. ' I'm not infallible What a grand night. I'll have a cigar.' Thoy went outaide and did not know Mrs. Melrose had heard their conversation. Sho tried not to think about it, but could not banish the doubts that had arisen in hor'niind. Cyril Melrose wns at tho bank early next morning, and tho first thing ho did was to examine Marie and Co'a account. It was evidently in need of correction, for he made several alterations, and was occupied for over an hour with it. (to be continued.) 