[CO.N'TINUKU 1'ltOM SATUKDAY S WSpB.i [ALL KIGHT.S RKSBRVK*.] NA.DA THE LILY. BY S. RIDER HAGGARD.' I oorraight, 1891. Br H. Rider haggard* i CHAPTER XXXlW The Fak.S'Sveh. | ...» Umslopogaas listened, but he- made" no answer to the ttt>rd3 of Faku the captain, though Ire silted thorn well, for he would not wast© tus_breat.il in talking, and the light' low. ■ ' ; ' I am ready, Mai) of PipgA^lft,' he said, and litted axe. Now for a while the two circled round and round, each waiting for a chance to strike. J Presently i?aku smote at the head of Urn- j sle.ptfgaas, but the Slaughterer lifted Groan- [' Maker to ward the blow. Faku crooked Tiis arm and let the axe curl downwafdS, so that it3 keen edge smote Untsfttyognas upon the head, severing his ring and the scalp beneath. Made mad with pain, the Slaughterer stroke, as it wore. He 'seized Groan-Maker with both hands and struck thrice. The first blow hewed awiiy the plume's and shield of Faku, and drove him' back si spear's length, the second mis3ed its aim, the third sind mightiest twisted in his wet hands, so that the axe smote sideways. Nevertheless, it fell full on the breast of the Captain 3?«kU, shattering his bones, and sweeping hivu from the ledge of rock on to the elope beneath, where he lay still. 'It is finished witll the daylight,' said Um slopogaas, smiling grimly. • Now. Ding'aan, send more Slayers to seek youV flalu,' and he turned to find Nada iti.the Cave... But Faku the captnin was not yet dead, though he was hurt to death. He sat up, and with his last strengthyhe hutled the axe ill liis hand at - him; whoso might had pre vailed against him. The axo sped true, and Umslopogaas did not see it fly. It sped true', and its point struck him on the loft temple, driving in the bone and making a great hole.; Then Faku fell batk dc-tid, and Umslopogaas . threw up his atins and dropped like all ore drops beneath the blow of the but'chvH',. and nsoiiQ dead', beuoatk t<W Stiadow of iy stones All day ioiVgSada crouched in tha cave listening, to the sounds of war that crept faintly up the mountain side ; howling of wolves, shouting of. men, and the clamor of iron on iron. All day lonff.sh" And now i evening eatne apace, and tUtt woW of battle ' ( drew near, swelled, ftttd sank-, A'jddTeVjWity. She heard the voices of tte sVolf-Brethern as chev called to e.ich •ct/rVir h/ce bucks, naming ■ the number of tfe ilain. She heard Giihizi's dying cry xjf 5 Victory !' and her heart leapt to: it, tliough she knew that therawjis .death ill the cry. Then for the last time she heard the faint ringing of iron on iron, and the light want out and all grew still, ■' . All grew still as the uighfr. Thr=rovAVie no more shouting oE men -mid n<> VAtfL'e clash of arms, n<V howling rtf wMv\S, no cries <>f pain ■ orbriumph-- r.R XvaVijuiet as death, for death had taken iJK Fw ?• while Nada the Lily sat ill the dark ot.tVie cave, Eayin« to herself, " Anon lie will . come, my husband, he will surely, como ; the Slayers are slain—he does not but tarry to bind his wounds ; a sera toll, JJeTCbhtice, hero and there. Yes, lie wiH ■ColVie-, and ft <2 Well, for I am weary of ya$ Itihmitii&J; and .this place is grim. and -e^V Thus ste. •lie to herself in hope, but ■ nothing fcame'except the silenoo. Then she sjhoke again, and_ her voice echoed in the hollow cave. ' Now I will be bold, I will fear nothing,,I willpush asido the atone and go out to find him. I know well 4r<5but linger to tend some whi S.W Wounded, per haps Galazi. Dottbt&CSi;'ijalazi 1 is- wounded. I must go and tfifid him, though he never loved ma, ?>Yid I do not love him overmuch who would stand between me aud my Hus band. This wild wolf-man is a foe to women, ' and, most of all, a foe to ine ; yet! will be kind to him. Come, I writ go at once,' and she rose and pushed at the rock. Why, what was this ? It did net sfcift fhen i she remembered that had pu}>!e<i it (Veyond ' the socket becauao of her.fear 'frf 'tile wolf, j and that thu cook had sMjVpiffi a little way , down tilts lieck . of t&a; oave. Umslopogaas had told her that ftVie mu t not do this, and she had fotgutten his words in lier; foolish ness. Perhaps she could move the, stone'; no, not by the breadth of a graiu . of Corn. She was shut in, without food or water, and here she must bido till Umslopogaas canie. And if he did not come 5 Then elM hiUet > surely die. i Now she shrtekei rJtyii in her fear, calling : on the name of tmislopogaas. The wails of ; the c<%« answered 'Umslopogaas ! Umslopo ', gsasl' and that was all. ' Acterwards madness fell upon Nada, my daughter, and she lay in tho CaVe for days and nights, nor knew over hoft-.long sVi'o iay. And with her madness 'e&tts;'e VTetons, for she dreamed that the deftd ttile whom Galazi had told her of s.ttWWOe more aloft in his niche at i the end of fche oare andspoke to her saying— • '' OMuzi is'dead !. The fate of him who bears the Watcher has fallen on him. I Dead are the ghost-wolves; I also um dead of ft linger in this cave, and as I died, so tiK&U; you die, Nada the Lily ! Nad?,-, Stir of Death ! be cause of wkose be&'uty and foolishness all this ' death hast'Ome about.' Thl)3 it seemed *o Nads, in her madness, that the shadow of him who had sat in ths niche, spoke to her from hour to hour. It seemed to Nadu, in her madness, that twice the light shone through the hole by the rock, and that was day, • and twice it went out, and that- was night. A third time tile ray shone and died away, and lo t her mad ness left her, and she awoke to know that she was dying, and that a voice she loved spoke without the hole, saying, in hollow accents— , ' Nada 1 Do you yet live, Nada ?' ' Yea,' she answered hoarsely. 'Water! give me watetl' Then came a sound as of a great snake dragging itself along painfully. A while passed, then a trembling hand thrust a little gourd of water through the hole. She drank, and now she could speak, though the water seemed to flow through her vei«s like fire. ' Is it indeed you, Umslopogaas V she said, ' or nro you dead, and do I dream of you?' 1 Ifcis I, Nada,' said the voice. 'Hearken! have you drawn'the roclc home V Alasl:yes,'she answered. 'Perchance, if the two of us strive at it, it will move.' 1 Av,if our strength wenTwhat it was—but now ! • Still let us trei'/ ^ -— So they strove witn the roclc^ but the two of them together had not the strength of a girl, and it would not stir. ' Give over, Umslopogaas,' said Nada; 'we do but.waste the time that is left to me. Let us talk ?' For a while there was no answer, for Um slopogaas bad fainted, and Ifada beat her breast,' thinking that he was dead. Presently lie spoke, however, saying, ' It may not be ; we must perish here, one on each side of the stone, not seeing the other's face, for my might is as water; nor can I stand upon my feet to go and seek for food.' ' Are you wounded, Umslopogaivs ?' asked Nada. . ' Ay, Nada, I am pierced to the brain with tho point of an axe; no fair stroke, the captain of Dingaan hurled it at me when I thought him dead, and I fell. I do not know , how long I have lain yonder under the shadow I of the rock, hut it ir.ust be long, for my !imbs I are wastwd, and those who fell in the fray are picked eletm by the vultures, all except Galazi, for the old ivolf Deathgrip lies on his breast dying, but not dead, licking my brother's wounds, and scares the fowls away. It was tho beak of a vulture, who had smelt me out at last, that woke me from ray' sleep beneath the stone, Nada, and I crept hither. Would that ho had not wakened me, would that I had died as I lay, rather Uian lived a little while till you perish thus, like a trapped fox, Nada, and presently I follow you.' 'It is hard to die so, Umslopogaas,' she answered, ' I who am yet young and fair, who love' you, and hoped to give you childron; but so it lus come about, and it may riot be put away. I ain well nigh sped, husband ; horror and fear have conquered me, my strength fails, but I suffer little. Let us talk no more of death, lot us rather speak of our childhood, when we wandered hapd in hand; lot us talk also of our love, and of tho happy houre we have spent since your great axe rang upoa the rock in the Halakazi «aves, and my fear told you the secret of my woman hood. See, I thrust my hand through the hole ; can you not kiss it, Umslopogaas V Now Umslopogaas stooped his shattered head, and kissed tho Lily's little hand, then he held it in his own, and so they sat till the end—lie without, resting his back against the rack, she within, lyiu^ on her side, her irm stretched through the little hole. They spoke of their love, and tried to forget their i lorrow in it; he told her also of the tray i iliafc had been and how it went. ] ' AU !' sho said, ' that was Zinita's work, Zinita who had hated mo, and justly. Doubt less she set Dingaan on this ' A little while gone>' Umslopogaas ; ' and I hoped th&t; your la3fc bre'aih and mine mirjht j)ri33 together, Jiada, and that together, wo might go to seek great Galaai, myj brother, 'where he is. Now. I hope that help yill find me, and that I may live ?. lllUc. while, bccausn of a certain veiiftoance which I : woulcl wreak/ , ' Spctvk of Vengeance, love,' she; answered, 'I, too, am near to that land where the Slayer and the Slain, the Shedder of Blood and Avenger of Blood aro lost in the same darkness. I would die with love, and love only, in my heart, and your name, and yours only, on my so that if any where we live regain it shall bo ready to spring'fottli to greet you. Yet, husband, it is in my heart that you will not die with me, but that you will live on to die the greatest of deaths far away from here, and because of another woman. It seems that, as I lay in the dark of this cave, I saw you, Uinslopo gaas,.a great man, gaunt and grey, stwaken to :the death, and the axo Groan-Maker wavering alnft, and many a man dead upon a white and shining way, and about yrtil the fair faces of white women >, alld' you. had a llolo in your forehead-, hftsb&nd1;, '6ft the left side.' . ' '•that la like 't6 be triae, if11 li'vq,' he M»S\Yered-, 'for th'e bane dtf Wiy temple is shattered.' Now Nadii'oehVu^ opeaking, and for a long whilo wJiS ; Umslopogaas was also silent arid 'trilv with pain and sorrow because he must lose the Lily thus, and she . must die so wretchedly, for one reason only, that the cast ofFaku had robbed him of his strength. Alas ! he who had done many deeds might not save her now ; he could scarcely hold himself upright against the rock. He thought of it, and the tears Uowed down his face and fell on'to the hand of the Lily. She felt them fall and spoke. ' j' )Veep not, my Msbui)d\' s)V<» %sKl, '1 have been all too ill r. wife 'til \J-ttu. Do not weep for m'ey yet jrcnVAiViUfeV that I loved you well.' And Agaiii slio was siltj;lC for along space. Then she sp;;^ for the last time of all, and her vq;«o Cftmo in a gasping whisper through tllo hole in the rock — i' Farewell, UmslopogaiSH, my husband and my brother, I thank yuU for .your love; Uri\ slogogaftSv Ah! t die1:'. . binalopjfrias Could piuke no 'i»sVve'r, only he WfttclVed the IjVtW lie held. Twice it ojk-l\eO!, VMt'e. it closed upon his own, then it Relied for the third time, turned grey, quivered, and was still for ever ! Now, it was at the hour of dawn that Nada died.: • ■ - ;; ' " (To be concluded in ow next.) 