Till} THEATRES. PRINCESS. THEATRE. • "SAMLET.'-' . Siiakespoai-e's great tragedy has just had the verv brief '." run " .of, two nights-at the abo\e theatre The plaA was to be le moved'tombike rooiri:fo'r, .'V'Th^'Bel^^. but j. fuitliol sbott ai^To>, of -TI.O was decidcd -on as a result of tlie longwinded .newspaper qoutrpyersy tlierealjoiit haviiiL' sliimilated .public interest m that work 13ut for this circumstauce,: ±here is, •no doubt that the' .management; with such a talented prineip'al as- Sir: "Walter Beutley, a successful Shakespenali season '--As it ' was, on each night tlie play -was witnessed by good audienecs, whose mteiest in Mi Beutley's fine-acting never for a moment flagged. The piece , was very , hamlsoniely mounted,..and especially iii the plaj'. scene, ^hSipicturetpresente^^^ as played by Mr Bentley is a ^ciy fine assumption: , He is. gifted with an apprih priat'e-stage presence,- and speaks his. lmo3, with the ease aiid grace,of. a.iinislicd elocu-, tionist. The audience was quick, to appreciate the excellence of his acting, anil the applause which' greeted-his efforts was frequent and-hearty. In his-advice to the; plavers -.Mr: .-.Bentley- was. particulai-ly. happy, being easy and natural: .In the scene -with the Queen he tlso aclne\ ed a triumph, his .acting being -.most .(powerful and impressive. , It is' tp.be hoped thafl-he Melbourne public will be giveii - another op: portunity of seeing Mr. Bentley 111 tlus character, for the excellence -of.-the repre/- sentation will ensure its'success. . Mr.' Cpr.- lesse nlavod tjhe Ghost njost- effectively. The , - pai't"-- of. - the ; ;King„. of. •Denmark 'a d-seldom-'has it- received better treat; iiieiit. AY itliout- being, in. the l&st;, unduly obtrusive, Mr:-.Sass cotnjiletely diverted is generally lelegated Messis Cosgro\c, as Lieites, Hans Plnlbpe, as Horatio, Hai couit, as Guildenstcrn, Bionkley, as loosen crantz, Fabertand Rigby, as firsthand second ing of their respective • parts, and tbly assisted to pioduce tlie excellent lesults of the plav as a whole Mr G 1' Casey was an. exeslU-'nt. "Polonius. ,,' As ,.fii-sti digger; Ai .V .Frank iE.mecy- scoreil-,. a 'iais.t.in.ct •success^'iiis'ffihmouii'i^ kuid and quite -imfoiced Miss Mine l?raserVO.plielii -was' „a...iiiost graceful and sympathetic piece of acting Miss Bronton played the • Queen ; .Miss Madge: Herrick, the Tilajeri Queen, aud Miss Hegai Ly„ ^ tlie 'digger and .of Marcelltis were inthc-hands of Mi Daniels and Mi Uulieit To ,put it briefly "Hamlet " at the Princess was^ Welti m keeping with tin, tiadilions o£ masteipieee 