PEPPEKTON'S GHOST. [By S. L., in the Danbury NewsJ " Believe in ghosts ? I hope I am not such a fool as that ?" said Mr. Pepperton, scornfully, as he looked with an air of supreme contempt at his questioner. When I can pnt my hand tt'pon a sensible sort of fellow who has seen one in bxoad daylight, when he was wide awake And quite sober, then I'll give the maltei my attention, but until then I shall keep to my opinion that there were never such things, and it is only asses who believe in anything of the sort" '«Thank you, Mr. Peppeiton," returned the young farmer laughing, '.'.Bat seeing is believing, and if I didn't Bee my mother three days after she was buried my name isn't Timothy .Lane." . Pshaw !" exclaimed Mr. Pepper ton hen people are nervous and out of sorts they can fancy anything.'* " Only it's odd I never fancied anything of the sort before or since, Mr. Fepperton" R ;*No,' ijt isn't odd," replied the - other dogmatically. «' Those things .depend npoa a person's a'ate of mind and you Were naturally txcited and' upset at sqfeh a time. ; Ton" had been thinking ofMrs. Lane-aU day, and therefore it was not surprising that you saw her at nights-" '** If wasn't at night at all ; it was in the afterhoion. Xwas going down the path ; in front of our house when I saw her standing at the gate, just, as plain as' I see you now. As I drew near she guve m* one earnest look, and -then faded out, and though she has never come sicca visibly, I often think she is nearer nie than T know. " , Mr. Pepperton Started, and glancad reund the bar-parlor of the George with an uneasy air.: " I don't belitve anything of th« 8opt?' he fiaid sharply f** its all humbug. Besides, it stands to reason it wouldn't always be-eonvttuent; tor dead people to cetne back to their old ^haunts. The ilrat Mrs. Pepperton, for instance wouldr B*t just care to see some one «lse In her place, and, of coaraoj if die came back Shtf wdtild have t o — - • ^ jdfnlesB «He gave' yeb notice of her Visits beforehand, and you hid the second Mrs. Pepperton inthe, cupboard," observed the landlord laughing, j Mr. Pepperton laughed too, but not •xactly a8 if he enjoyed the . joke. It was all very well jttsfc now, but he . had a Reeling ; that it- wouldn't be so pleasant tp, look bafcV Bpon an h6ufr Inter, when ^e f had -to inakeliis 'way home through the churchyard by fcimself.: ; • A ad then 'if there' were ghosts, by any 'chancs, they might be very uiuch inc^ned to take revenge pn him for his soepticUm,. and jconvince him [ against bis-Will, eo4hat -altogether bethought £4 ' would ; rather ,bot join in , any i^fiwemly ^/ItBj^tj as .H -. ^onl/l not hure done to appear to retract after having sb lowdly asserted his disbelief MK 1 Pepperfcofn - effected a, 'comprbmise^ • r .'.'There's ajigTeat ; many, mysterious things' in thia world wc are noV expeet«d to inq dirfe in|», and what y ou don't ^jaderstand it is best n0t to talk about, jt seems to me,- - I'll have another glass ofgrogy Hobday, if yod please, and ril take tnyielf off- ] I : promised Mrs. JBepperton JPd be heme In good time tonightj as, s^e isn't WfH " . • . V \- MrJ Pepptirton'e boon ^ companions excliB'nged gUnees • It L wa* such a surpnismg; t^iQg ypr ^.iiu »h'ojr any consideratioa pftjjfeeort tor ,l$rs. Pepperton,^ they could hardly < believe their ears. However,- jnobody instituted te M it was Spt upd«rat*>o4 tV at .h8 disliked; talking of giiostSj iapd the qtte8tion hadap«cu- Kar fascinationfor some of those present each One M^ ft'tjil^ of something that had happened to .hw , grandmother or aunt»or" • hia< wife's cousin, until it favorof Timothy LaneV. theory; And Mr. Pepperton wafr-ia ia shuddering minority. , • And yet for the life of him he , could not help^listening; .If .^e^might. only ha?e expressed a d9ixbt.it : would have been a great relief to him, bat,- of cou r^e, ihis wou?d have bsen "^a gross insult to his narrators as discrediting: their relations' veracity, and consequen. tly Mr. Pepperton had to'deny himself this comfort. ' " "Come, 4 cbme, '' he said nervously 0.t last- ^ this is too badA man comes out to be.cheerful,, you ; know - besides, you felioWs ltve in the village, 'and Tfroh't lfav§ time to ^et tip" any fancies . : "But aB you don% belie vein it doesn't mfltfer, " s«iid Timothy Lane; I db, "though,' iand I am .gkd l haven't got your walk to^night, for the churchyard is an uncommon lonejiy place to walk tinoagh «fter dark." : " There's no moire the nlatter with that thian With other, places, " he Answered, with, confidence lib did not feel; ** it's -just the idea. But I'm thankful to say I am not superstitious like you, Timothy." He drank off his last drop grog and tose'to his feet, adding, just to assure himself—7 " Besides, I've been through it often enough, " with a significant look atone of his companions, as if to draw attontion to Mr Pepperton's discomposure |" why should there be ? " "That's just ; what I say—why f-Iiould there be ? Still, J can't say out what it is more cheprfuller to have a companion these<3.. 1 k nights'." \- Of course it's uiore elieerfuller to have a companion," returned Timorhy, « c not only dark nigh<s, but at all times. I am sociable myself, and quite understand what you mean. It's a pity you don't live in the village, Mr. Pepperton and then you'd have plenty of com. pany" *< So I should dare say, and very little money," answered Mr. Pepperton, laughing, as he tugged on his great coat, and set his faee determinedly towards the door." « You don't mean we should rob you going home, do you 1" inquired Timothy, who seemed vastly amused about something. " Well, not exactly 5 but you'd take up my tinie, I expect, that time's money. Whew! what a dark night!" he added, as ha opened tha door, and looked down the village street. "I don't believe I shall be able to see my ji • way. " Tour eyes will get accustomed to it after you have been out a few minutes,'' observed the landlord encouragingly. ''Good night- Mr. Pepperton, good night, and a pleasant walk'' ^This'sounded like sarcasm to the old farmer, as he went shivering along the path, keeping his eye fearfully on the tall shadows of the old church. Hitherto he had never, had any feeling of this/sort, but after three editions of grog a man is generally very valiant, but to, night, somehow, the stimulant had not taken its usual effect, and he felt nervous: and unstrung. " However, since it had to be done, it were better done quietly," he said to himself, and quickened his pace. The wind whistled eerily in the treetops, and there was not so much as a light in the rectory windows to give a feeling of company. But be could see his way perfectly now, and he could also see the gravestones gleaming plainly ag&toat; the sombre background of sky gad,yew. He aade a few timid steps forward, and then stopped short, • shuddering,; It had suddenly occurred to him that this was the anniversary of the first Mrs P*pporron*s death, and he should have presently to ipaos her grave. If she Were dMiposed to " walk," as it was called in the villiage, What an opportunity ! Nov, he had had a great regard for the first Mrs.. Pepperton, and from some points of view, be thought her superior to the second, but under the circumstances he had no wish to sea her again,' and devoutedly hoped that if it had occurred to her to««walk" 1 she would think betterpf it.*' At this moment the clock struck eleven, driving the bleod to his - heart, and "making him shudder in his shoes And then he Remembered again that this was the very hour the first Mrs. Pepperton had loft this sorrowful world for a better, and his legs' began to knock together with fright. Come, josiah Pepperton, " he said tb himself at last, in a disparaging tone ( * [ never saw a man make such an ass Of himself as you are doing at this present moment;. Where are. your prin" ciples, I should like to know, and what motive could the first M+s Peppperton have for molesting you, considering that yon treated her well when she was alive, and buried her comfortable after her death f Get along home with you miserable eoward, and don't let me hear anything of this sort again in a hurry, or—or—" He was scratching for a threat that he would impose on himself when be turned round the churcb, and came full in sight of his first wife's grave. He had decided in his own mind that he would ' pass on, and pot look that Way, iiut some magnetic attraction drew -his glaneejin thatqaarter, and there^crouching down close to the headstone, was a Snow-white ' figure, with. awful eyes that worked; upon him with stony, intentufess, and seemed to, defy him to advance. Mr Pepperton stood like .one stunned; for a minute, and then he went down on his. knees, and murmured hoarsely through his chattering teeth— My , dear Maria. I am sure you meatf this kindlys you were always such a good hearted woman when you welre alive: But I can't 1>ear it—I pan't indeed. I am very _grieved if I have hurt your feelings by giving you a successor—but on my honor as a man I never cared for poor Mary Anne as I cared for you j and you know I planted some flpwers on your grave my own self last summer, which shows that you are always in my thoughts. But my poor nerves can't stand this sort of thing, and if you are going to take: to walking, the sooner I lay beside you the better—for there will be nothing to live for." A hollow groan answered him, &nd; poor Pepperton: went on frantically— " Pray don't take my representations in this spirit—I mean don't take this tone about them," he substituted quickly, feeling that any reference to spirits in such company might be considered personal and rude. "I don't mean any harm, and/ of course, I should be delighted to see you again in any wav if it were not for my nerves being so upset Is there anything I could do to make you rest more quiet 1 Don't hesitate to speak. Even if it took all my savings 10 make you lie comfortable I wouldn't hesitate> Maria—I wouldn't indeed. Another groan, a little fainter, but still more harrowing was the only response, and poor Pepperton telt as if his brain were giving way. Seen from that distance; the ghost was terrible enough and quite as much as his reason could stand, but when she began to raise herself slowly from the ground ' I still keeping her pale, dim eyes fixed upon him, and showed a disposition to advance, the horror of ihe situation generally> and the fear lest she should take him into her cold embrace and claim him for her own, overcame him utterly, and he fell on his face in a deul swoon. - When he returned to consciousness, 1 Timothy Lane and another young man were leaning over him, and poor Pepperton said, with a grasp, as he pulled himself together— I've had a terrible experience—a terrible experiences Timothy; the first Mrs. Pepperton—eh ?—halloa?" and he showed a disposition to collapse again as he pointed to the grave, only that they held l^imjast. and burst out laughing in a mosF reassuring manner. " That is what you took for a ghost, is it! said Timothy, when he could command his voice. «' Why, itis Barnaby'g white cow. It is always getting through the hedge and straying into the churchyard. Pepperton sat upright, and now that he had companions, and found courage to examine the thing more carefully* it certainly lost a good deal of its ghostly appearance. But as he did not seem entirely convinced, and Timothy saw that his little joke—he had been the author of bollow groans, hidden behind a tombstone—had gone far enough, he said to his youngest companion, who happened to be Barnaby's son, and therefore, iti one sense, the owner of the cow-— " 60 and stir the brute up, Tom ; she's no buainess here." To see Barnaby go willingly, approach the apparition and give it a kick in the ribs> dispersed the last remnant of Pepperton's fear, and he said, in a nervously apologetic way, as he stumbled on to his feet— " You'd do me a kindness, Timothy, and so would Barnaby, if you wouldn't talk of this little affair co the other fellows. I sheuld be jeered and joked out of. my life, and it isn't pleasant to be made a butt of--when you come to my age. The fact is, I was a Iittl« out of sorts and my nerves weren't so strong as usual; and then, being the annivtrgajy. of the first Slrs. Pepperton's deatb, and your story put together/ finished me off—although, as you .know, I have been through this very churchyard night after night, and never had any fancies of the sort be- fore." "We won't mention the matter, old fellow," answered Timothy, whose conscience pricked him up a little when he saw how white and shaken the old farmer looked- 1 It's lucky we hap pen.ad to be here, though, for if you hadn't anybody with you when yeu came to yourself, you would have dashed off home; maybe, without knowing that was Barnaby's cow yonder, and then you would have believed you had seen the first Mrs. Pepperton tor the rest of yeur life." rimothy had to turn away here, he was seized with such a terrible inclination to laugh, but as he didn't want to look unfeeling, and poor Pepperton had really suffered, he suppressed the impulse, and offered, with proper gravity, to see the eld farmer home —an offer which was thackfu'ly accepted. But, somehow, Mr. Pepperton never quite got over his adventure in Durhy churchyard, and is often heard to say that'he ' thinks a .man is best off at his own fireside, after all, on winter nights, and Mrs. Pepperton finds it rather lonely when he is out. . Nobody knows what brought him into this becoming frame of mind excepting Timothy Lane and his friend. They have kept their promise faithfully, but when Timothy sees the white eew hs gives Bamaby a sly poke in the ribs and says: " The first Mrs. Pepperton, eh, Tom ?*' And.they have a good laugh all to themselves, as yonng men will. 