Mrs. Jones’ Tramp. Mr Jonc3 frequently boasted among his friends that hiB wife was a woman without, nerves, and never had hysterics like some people he could name. And he was right. Mrs Jones, as every body knows- was a- sensible, healthy; well balanced woman with no nonsmae about her. She isn’t afraid to sit up all night when Jeptha is at the club, and she makes it lively for him when he gets home in the mornipg. A man who wouldn’t appreciate a womau like that isn’t a little bit of good. But Mrs Jones began to think that per hapa she was a little too self-reliant and helpful, and that Mr Jones was inolined to shirk these lover-like attentions which had once been the sunshine of her life. “ Too bad about that poor little Mrs Sim eon,” said Jones the other night aBhe ate his supper. «« What's the matter with her ?” asked Maria coldly. ‘•Didn’t you hear about it ? She was alone in the house when a tramp walked in and demanding money, frightened her almost to death.” “ Hasn’t she senss enough to lock the doors when' ehe’s alone?” inquired Mrs “ She gave him all the money in the house and then screamed until the neighbours heard her.” “Why didn’t Bhe do her screaming first ? I’ve no patienco with Euoh women,” con tinned Mrs Jones. « Maria, you must remember that yon are different from other women. You can take care of yourself. Mrs Simsou is one of those timid, clinging little creatures who are afraid of their own shadows. When her husband went home he found all the neighbors at the house and his wife in hysterics.” “H’m, a nioe kind of a wife that for a man to have.” “Maria, you have no sympathy. You think because you have no nerve-s that no other woman has any. ' The majority of. women are clinging, timid things, and 'such an experience frightens them out of all self control. Then Mi Jones took his hat ana went down to the office, where he had some work to do, telling hie wife to ring him up if any one dropped in for a game of whist. Mrs J ones gave the girl permission to go out; then she looked yp the house and sat down to her sewing. She wasn’t afraid, nor lonely, nor nervous, nut'she was thinking. “ Clinging, timid creatures 1 H’m 1 I’d like to know what some of them find to cling to. ‘Poorlittle Mrs. Simsou.’ Endearing diminutives. Evidently Mr3 Simeon isn’t anybody’s fool. I wish 1 clung more. If 1 were going to be born agaiu, I’d be a-olinger .next time, and scream if I saw my shadow. What’s that?” It was a sharp distinct noise in the kit ohen* Mrs Joce3 did not stand on the order of her going, but went at once. She took her table lamp with her, and as she stepped across the threshold confronted the intruder. Her heart went down into her boots. “ Wretch!” she exolaimed ; “how did you get in ? Yon must have been hidden in the bouse. Oh ! mercy Bave me ! help !” Mr Jones was sitting in hia office hard at j work smoking like a factory chimney when his telephone rung. “ Hello,” he called, “ who wants me ? There was a faint and ghostly whisper of “ Jeptha.” He xuDg up and rung up, and at last he made out that Mrs Jones was in mortal peril and needed hia immediate return. This was something so nnusnal that it bothered Jone3 a good deal. •‘ It can’t be the grip,” he thought; “it wouldn’t dare to attack Maria.” He hurried to his house and let himself in by a lstoh key. Mrs Jones was in violent hy« What has happened ?” he asked. “ Are you hurt,Maria? “No only frightened,”gasped Mrs JoneB, swooning at sight of him. He ran for the camphor, but found a bottle of alcohol instead and applied It liberally. In a few moments Maria began to scream, all the time cliDgiog convulsively to Mr. Jones. , . “Don’t claw me so, he eaid, jeikmg his coat from her bands. “ I thought you had more sense than to go into fits over any thing. What was it anyhow—the tramp ?” u Meroy, no 1 Worse, a thousand times worse,” said Mrs Jones, feebly resuming the perpendicular.' j “ Burglars ?” Worse than burglars." | “ It wasn’t a ghost, waB it ?” asked Jones, looking behind him. “ Ob, no, Mr Jones, you don’t think a ghosfwould have frightened me. No, it was a great, awful monse 1” In view of what followed, Mrs Jones thinks she will never try the clinging act again. She says she never listened to such language in her life. 