AEEPB,THECHALDEMJ OB, The Messiah as Seen from Alexandria. (Bt E. F. Bubb, D.D., LL.D.] XVIL— The Conclusion*. Where it not for a most conspicuous example * now and then of large success in committing an enterprise to God and then mightily trust ing His Providence faith would lack a very desirable inspiration. In the case of our Chaldean . friends the success was very large indeed. As we all soon come to know many good enterprises end in complete failure. Only a few attain complete success and realise all they proposed to them selves. Still fewer surpass their aim and ac complish far more than - they expected or ventured to hope. Yet such was the enterprise of Cimon and Aleph in Alexandria. What'had they proposed to themselves? To investigate Mains and bring, him to justice; to gather reliable information concerning him who was born king of the Jews and to whom the miraculons star had guided the Magian sovereigns ; to broaden, and enrich the educa tion of Alepb, not only by giving him a wider outlook on the world of humanity, but by throwing him, divested of all the insignia and glamour of his rank, entirely on his own resources for guidance, and help in' dealing with men in new and difficult circumstances. All these objects had been accomplished. Within a few days from the close of the trial the authorities had placed in the hands of Cimon the full amount of his claim againBt Malus, together- with interest on all delayed payments. This, in itself, was not sufficient to ruin the rogue financially. But he had already drawn considerably on his resources in his attempt to bribe the judges and secure the countenance of other influential people, for they bad not hesitated to take silently his gifts though no equivalent was rendered. But the greatest drain upon him came from another quarter. Other victims of his rapacity, en couraged by the resnltof Cimon'asuit, attacked him successfully ; and before long it seemed as if there would be no end tothe suits. Under these circumstances Alexandria was not much sur prised one fine morning to bear that Mains (latterly they had fallen into the way of calling him PessimuB) was nowhere to be found— nor any of his remaining assets. The guard set upon him was not incorruptible, and he had disappeared between two days. No one knew where had gone. .Some said to Ethiopia; some said to Spain ; some said to Marseilles in Gaul; and some would nave it that he had taken to the desert with Draco. A few de clared that ne nsa commitcea suicide. This last supposition, however, was considered ex tremely improbable on the ground that so shrewd a person would not take the trouble to carry away with him goods which he did not mean to use. There is no use for current money of the merchant in Hades. Whatever supposition was correct, it is certain that Mains never reappeared in Alexandria. . . But our friends had a stall more important object in coining to the commercial metropolis of the We=4j. It was to learn about Him who \- was born King of the Jews. Some things they already knew from the Magi— that his coming was divinely heralded and accompanied by supernatural events, that his mission was a great and glorious one, having significance for all nations. What had they learned in ad dition? That the life which bad opened so grandly amid the ministries and songs of angels, and the worship and gifts of star-led pilgrims, had come to a still grander sequel — that into the glowing dawn had at length come the sun in his strength ; a mingled glory of miracles and character and teaching suoh as never before gathered about a single life— that Jesus is surely the Messiah of the Sacred Books and their sufficient credential — that this Messiah is not, as has been commonly sup posed, a secular warrior, conqueror, and king ; but a spiritual monarch ruling over willing hearts in the interest of truth and righteous ness, and whose victories are salvation— that his mission in the world is one of humiliation instead of exaltation ; of suffering instead of pleasure ; of death instead of life ; and that in dying he completed a vicarious sacrifice for the sins of the world — also, that to express the dignity of his being both the prophets and him self use language which exalts him far above angels and claims lor him a Divine nature. To know all this was a great sain, more than they had ventured to hope. And if, on their way home, they «honld be able to see the Messiah with their own eyes, witness personally some wonderful work, and obtain for themselves and theirs his personal benediction, they would feel that their way had been wonderfully pros pered, *r-~Z ''*& ^ Add then the educational object which the father of Aleph 'distinctly proposed to himself — was that object well secured? How well Aleph carried himself when thrown on bis own resources for guidance we have seen ; and my ' belief is that when his parentsgeome to see him and to hear the report of Cimon they will be quite satisfied with their, experiment. They will realise that the promising bnd has beauti fully lowered, that the rare plant which had started and grown so thriftily in their sheltered and sunny conservatory was now hardy enough to be transplanted into the open field and even to the windy summits of life. So all the ends proposed in the visit of our friends to Alexandria were accomplished — and more. 'For these unknown men had been the means of introducing not only a loftier moral element into the student life of Alexandria, but had so drawn upon Cornelius and Metallus, who had specially attached themselves to them, that they had begun to study the Ssptuagint, to frequent the services at the Diapleuston, to admire the sublime monotheism and hopes of the Jew and finally to give sure token of becoming, the one the devout Cornelius of the Acts of the Apostles and the other ope of those Christians saluted by Paul as belonging to 'Aristobulus' household.' But the influence of Aleph on SextusFIaccns was still more remarkable. His frequent inter views with that penitent man ended not only in his thorough reform and in his renouncing idolatry, but also in his accepting Jesus as a Divine sacrifice for sin. And it was in this wise. The young 'Roman at first was terribly oppressed with asense of ein. He could hardly say too much against himself. His misdeeds and follies haunted him like ghosts and hunted him like Eamenidee. Their horrible faces scowled at him, their serpent hair hissed and leaped at him, their clenched hands shook themselves at him from behind almost every object he saw. Sometimes in his sleep he would see a mountain, traced all over in fiery characters with the names of his sins, moving swiftly towards him ; and he would wake drenched in sweat and terror as the ponderous masses came ru3hiug in upon him and buried him thousands of feet beneath their munitions of rocks. At other times he dreamed that, like Andromeda, he was chained to a rock at the ocean's edge, and that great storm billows in long succession were sweeping in upon him, and that on the crested summits of each a great sea-monster with lurid eyes and open jaws came rushing and shrieking, Sin, Sin, SIN ! He shrieked as loudly— and awoke in despair. It was in this state that he first sent for Aleph. His first sense of relief came when Aleph told him the story of Jesus, and sug gested the idea of a Divine incarnation and atonement for sin. The wretched man clutched the idea as a drowning man does a plank. Here was something solid to rest upon. Here was a sufficient) sacrifice for even his enormities. The weight began to lift from his oppressed breast At last one day as Aleph was reading to him the sub lime description which Isaiah gives in his 53rd chapter of Him on whom ' were l*id the iniquities of us all,' a mighty delive rance came. Suddenly all his doors and windows sprang open musically to welcome Jesus as the Lamb of God. The sense of need opened them. From that day the sick body mended wonderfully,' and soon the streets of Alexandria saw a new man under an old name. . The name continued to be Sextus Flaccus, but it stood for a very different person. It stood for the first Roman Christian of rank who dared to avow himself. Paul on bis arrival at Borne some years later found him a member of Caesars household and ready to htlp him with all his influence in founding the first) Boman church. This was a great and unexpected success. But in addition our Eastern pilgrims, with nothing but their cultured manhood to show, had found other friends such:as they had never counted on finding — friends well worth the having, even by a prince; friends whose friend ship was for 'themselves and not for their rank; friends among whom was one— but I must not anticipate. Nay, I must go back a little. Though Alexander had reached home early in the evening before the last trial, it was very late before jhe could get to his rest— he had so much to tell and so much to hear. And this was what he had to tell. _ He bad succeeded in both the objects for which he had hastened to Borne.. Of course one of these objects was ' to prevent the disturbance at the Diapleuston from being misrepresented to the emperor as a personal affront. It was not reported at all. For some reason Fiaccus bad. not thought it best to say anything about the matter in his dispatches. Probably he thought that some of the circumstances would not bear telling, 'and - then the presence of Alexander at the ear of the emperor was in -itself a caution to be prudent. So Flaocus was dumb. The other object which Alexander had in view was really to find out some safe way of declining the marriage proposals in behalf of the Caesar. . ...' Notwithstanding the fears of his daughter he bad never been so much attracted by the ? offer of an imperial alliance as were some of Ms Jewish friends. He had been too much behind the- scenes at the Palatine. He knew too much of Tiberius and Csesariem. He knew nothing to. the .disadvantage of Germanicus - »nd much to his advantage ; but he also knew that Tiberius as a young man had won golden opinions ; also that to .be the nephew and heir - 'apparent of the 'jealous and capricious emperor was veryf ar from ixing foreordained to empire. So one of his objects in going to Home was not to see whether the proposals were desirable, but to eee bow they might safely be declined. That was a hard problem, but Providence favored him. He found that Germanicus, who bad never seen Bachel, bad many times eeeh Agrippina, the granddaughter of Augustus, and to very good purpose. The growing in timacy and attachment between the young people, which be was not slow to discover, he promoted to -the utmost. And when the ' matter was ripe be found means to bring it to the knowledge* of Sejanue, the emperor's favorite, and of so enlisting him in its support that under bis influence Tiberius began to re gret bis Egyptian proposals and to seek some excuse for recalling them. ' He did not know, when they were made, of the situation at home. It had only just come to his know ledge. He was sorry, but he hated to break young hearts.' Alexander allowed that it would be a pity. The empsror also thought that, inasmuch as Germanicus and Bachel had never met, it might not after all be a very hard matter for the fair Alexandrian to have the matter dropped in such a quiet and honorable way as could easily be devised. Alexander candidly allowed that the fact which his majesty had stated was a weighty one. In short, Tiberius receded from his pro posals ; and, to soften theeupposed disappoint ment) to the mighty banker for whom hiB treasury had so much nse, he sent him home in the imperial galley with new guarantees and privileges for the Jewhheommunity in Egypt, and with a broad hint to Flacous to let id be known that the honor of the imperial alliance had been declined from religious considera tions which the emperor felt bound to respect. The Alabarch expected nothing lsss than that early next morning all - Alexandria would be in possession of the. news, and would be wondering how he could so rebuff the emperor and yet stand higher in his favor than ever. ? ' This, for substance, was what Alexander had to telL Of course Bachel was vastly delighted at her escape, and showed that she was by flinging her arms about her father's neck and rapturously kissing him. But the father wanted .to hear as well as to tell. * Something of what had transpired had reached him by letter ; but he wanted to know all. And Seti rehearsed all that had happened since that memorable Sabbath at the DiapleuB ton. Bachel sat uneasily silent, leaning against her father and toying with the splendid jewelled badge of the order of the Golden Eagle which TiberinB at parting had, with hiB own hands, fastened on hiB breast— listening with burning cheeks as her grandfather in his graphic way reproduced the events and expressed the con fidence and admiration with which Aleph had inspired him. Every now and thensheBtolean anxious look at her father's face; not quite sure bow the shrewd man of affairs, professionally accustomed to deal with men on a principle of suspicion and abundant caution, would view the enlogiumsof the priest and the philosopher, founded on so brief an acquaintance. When Alexander had heard all he said slowly — 'HI had never seen the young man, nor known Seti so well, I might have challenged the Bobriety of the acconnt I have just heard. But having seen him twice and you a thousand times I have nothing to Bay, save that I wish he was Emperor of the West, or at least the Caesar. In that case, perhaps, I would not take so much trouble to keep the Cassar at arm's length, as I have been lately taking in another quarter' — and he nodded smilingly at Eaehel. ' But who can he be ?' 'No matter who he is,' returned Seti with emphasis, 'since he is a Man, a sovereign man. He has a broader empire within him than Tiberius eees without him ; an empire pf whioh no caprice of fortune can rob him. And his body is as sovereign as his soul. He needs ao herald to go before him and cry, 'Make way, for the king is coming.' Men know it as soon as they see him.' (To he continued.) 