(Copyright.) LOVE BETTER THAN SACRIFICE: AN INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT, Br OSCAR PARK. CHAPTER 1IL STRAINED RELATIONS. They were to start at eleven the next morning. To a message from Mrs. Burdick, asking Miss Mowbray whether she would not go with them, the girl had sent an affirmative answer. It was n visit she had wished to make, but she had not: wished that Signor Marconti should ;be of their party. She felt annoyed that Mrs. Burdick should ; have mentioned the proposed excursion while he was present, and yet she was hot so tin just as to visit upon tWladyeven the gent list of reproacbes. It was Unfortunate j that, was all.^ signor Marconti bad plainly # not lost a certain real or ..turned devotion, which bad declared itself some tiiniths before when be bad met her in London,' ami which offended her without her being able to say clearly why, beyond the fact that it was dis tasteful. Nothing in the nature of a proposal had ever been made to her by hub, and she could not say that at any moment of their ac quaintance this man's conduct was other 'than that of a gentleman, making allowances for the differences of expresdon belonging respectively to the Saxon and 'Latin races. Xeveitheless, in all his intercourse with her there was a warmth which chafed her constantly, though it never ap proached a limit where she felt justified in resent ing it.lt seemed to her now that she did not care to make one of the party to the catacombs if he, too, was to be of it; and she had quite made np her mind that she would remain with her father for the day. Not that there was any necessity for her services. He always declared peevishly to, every such offer of here, that his servant suited him* better than! anyone else, She went to his sitting-room when she left the party in the drawing-roeni and gave him an account of the evening. She concluded it, by saying ''They are all going to the Catacombs to- niprrows and for a drive on the Conipagna and lunch. They asked uie to go, but I prefer not." He had not looked at her or spoken dnring her account. Now with Ids eyes still on the wood fire before him he asked—"Who are to go, doyou say ; ""Mr. and Mrs. Burdick, Mr. Thorndou, Signor Marconti, and the young gentleman who spoke to us in the Forum to-day, Mr. Donhsen." " I wish you to go with them." Stic looked at hiui in surprise. He never spoke in this way but for some reason of weight with him, and she could not conceive what it might portend. But her >es|>onse to Mrs. Burdick a mquiiy was—"Yes, I shall go with you." Til ere were two carriages .for the party, and as they drew up at the doors of the hotel Signor Marconti stepped eagerly forward to assist bliss Mowbray and secure a place bv liar side. Her eyes had caught the movement, and she impulsively turned to Doi tnseii, who stood near her, and said, " Will you ride with Mrs. Burdick and me, Mr. Hormsen itornisvu,Willi a quick flush of pleasure,stepped before the Italian without noticing the purpose of the latter, over whose face passed an angry scow). Hut Doruisen saw nothing of it, and, alter assist the ladies to their places, followed thein into tie carriage. The second carriage held the other three gentlemen. They drove down the modem V:i Nationalc with its monotonous rows of tall ■ mi U"ly buildings; through the narrow streets of ; he older and poorer quarters between the Capi •line _ and tlie Quirinu!; near- the spot where I'arqHinia drove her chariot over the dead body >f her father; past the grim arches of the Colosseum; then botweeu the gardened slopes if the Ihilatinc and Ca-lius, and the waste lands of :his deserted quarter of Home; through the itieient walls by the gate of St. Sebastian and into he Appian Way. They halted where a gateway pened on a broad gravel walk. "lliave arranged," said Signor Marconti, as ■hey all stood together at the entrance, "for a •lore extended walk through the Catacombs than visitors usually have." They iiassed on to the steep stairway, made at , • une recent date for a more commodious descent ■ »tlie passages below. To each was given a long girted taper, and presently they stood far nnder ■ round on the uneven surface of the uppermost of :bese dismal tunnels. Everyone knows, at least by inscription, the general features of the Catacombs, \- nut no one can conceive except by personal ex perience the horrible depression which ever gathers weight as you wind onward in that in terminable grave. Upon all our jiarty there came a sudden silence, as the last ray of sunlight faded and their iitfs.1 torches threw strange, ghost-like : gleams into the channelled spaces, branching ever and anon from light and left as they advanced, or on some pallid bones and skulls "grinning at them from the opened niches they were passing. | Thev were walking in a tunnel, whose roof : rose scarcely aliove their heads ; the floor uneven and rugged"; the walls so close together in places that their clothing almost touched on each side the rudely excavated stone. On they went, turning and winding, now on a sharp descent, and even, as it seemed, plunging deeper and deeper into the depths of the earth. It became too fearful to endure in silence, and a gaiety that was evidently forced and unnatural echoed itlong the galleries. A remark, which could be tortured into the sem blance of a jest, would arouse peals of laughter. To think in silence was torture. The place was enough like a tomb, without those endlessgraves, to shake the stoutest heart unfamiliar with its honors ; but to everyone tlie uncofiined 'skeletons half disclosed from* - mid their black shadows under the passing glimmer of the tapers emphasised the tenors of the place. That man or woman must have a heart of stone, a spirit of wood, who can go unmoved through the Cata combs. He is not a coward who shrinks from it-, -nd whose lip pales in those hideous vaults; •lit he who really feels the nameless terror and ■udures it is blessed with a courage of generous proportions. " Shall it never end 5" muttered Christopher ' lormsen to himself, as thev seemed to go deeper ■ad deej/er. He alone of tliciu all appeared to save no heart even for tlie aifected hilarity of the there. A cold perspiration caught the light ir .nuumeraUe liny drops all over his face ar forehead. It was not the warmth of t> underground air, for be shivered from tim lime as though chilled. It weighed upor morehorrihly than a nightmare, from «V struggle in vain tobofreed. Theclosc wall' to press upon his lungs, and the bre* laboured as with an eliort. To liitn ir* the consciousness of the uses to which pits were put; not the graves and jdeatu hones that made the torture so sense of confinement, of suffocatifdrs, as in hopeless gasps for air. lie d»roni com* heard the voices—the laughter /Use of wbu ■i dicaia one Jiears the speech/ vast distance. liis mind cagoiss Mowbray was said. /owing the gutue, Ji<? was walking ju<t Juiutevest was not ant! liehiiiil JJ;u\:rtiui.v1^vouldva.B^r«0|fl Mr. JJuitlick wax the 1oxq\\\\- sine to remain uwii as to make it ju$V tlie lastaiwl tlie gj"^e iiic party, s>o thai iU£s Mowinav'fe caused uie a compact Im dy.v, l»*" JUMj it-tie f > '"* M-i. Some Umsimpossiblethat :'.:ilian tuluiii v, t acteettlic others uis eyes fell " " to.l 1-uV an instant on ins keen vi-ic'w ,, > ..t a..a\n and walked on truss. Hist'-11,1 r,r„ T,n,i clearly looked i .'omiseiua'iu!;t,loUfc'c.f making some reply without M the m^.fiTups became com J'.vl.r. y. Hi- l'lo( •■ ^ unexplored > Mi«U his eye- 1 cti^Hcht which (l!« y wni. '[ '^rt;uiity inn i<»u; ed by the empty gloom into ..'•i-'li they looked. i iii r are men with whom /iieies rise into the dignity of tacts ujion the s :»»i<led impulse of tiiehowh passions. \\\ e think •rdinarily that motives to deeds of wrong must V justified to the common sense of mankind ; bit, as always when we generalise, we make oar role too narrow, or omit to allow for the excep tions. Audit is trite to nny that in no field of p it si We knowledge are exceptions so many and so inexplicable as to our general rules of mental phenomena. Mr. JhmUck, from his post at the rear, gRve assurance from time to 1 ime of his presence. His voice now sounded along the line before him, "Viueh mutlied by the close nnd winding walls ■ - - ic..« nf labour this yit? txwf. *: AY hat anre:u.iu,... Is ! Couldn't they grow mushrooms down here ?" '■ ill. IJuiillrlt," said his wife reproachfully, '* you arc iiu.oiTijtihle. 1 lietieve you would turn i the cathedrals into wine vaults if you could havn Our way," "• So, ca." he aaswcic-d ; *' they don't us» Ik) i«,j§f li!liis JeiliV'j tvsSks* n< itnot mui^i ilrahj," Mill'bmnlni, in, s fouieolnt indignant 1an^ "I'Bliali WjsliKicSmd one (if jour waggon* I rn bo^ AljvjSundick, to takesMB:aimck»ii II V nebn^fwUil a -(couple of miles late iheac endless holes, >aiid they are all quite ahl e lWSfle. r One «ropp pf gallcrict .... if —, arid "family vohlls and iwhes is , lost like another group. How they ever sot to "th'i&Oivn;, wr distinguished itvhtii tiicy did ret F#jL^iwm.naD Ijcai imlpitaaiL'' \- •* *Mejhadscatcely spoken, when* sodden torsi D®SHJS wiwiimMMiitlltfet-ffctaotig ;:**!«■.'( iSon,,sen * alhed q richly array 'wiuQn carnages mid Mr. Ilunlicli ! others el uttering over Mestearig^expeneiice with a. rebound to joyous 1 OeriMSteifeteKid \hth%neovettsdliead, wining the •uuiswreiroro rns roreue&amw; i»auti*g hax& W ttioagh jzou.'^nne. severe physical ««r m^4 ^ strain, whenMr. Burdiek come up to him "Xtjjtuunes me,"lsaid Dorhiseli, apologetically, "that lam somuch affected by that grave. nse!" was the reply, " w c all felt It's'An ;:{^cbjmfortUIeiiolc otscricsof ather. Ba® -l' followed von up because 1 ■fmV.veuuB liie,' Imablnntfellow and usually say what that come into iii y JWiifflcaiO'fc'tiils. Italian, ■ M r.—what's aS^UfftSaUvr myjjbMfK^letaay, .'after • the taWe; :i'kotci t l dohotknow him more:".ii'■ ,»JIIs.lie any, grudge against, you—dislike : you fM Bnything. yOn lcnow ? Ewr get in lib ■; v. "Hqw'conldit be, Sir. Burdiek ? So, I am Wilffl Jhofc We have nothing in common ; 110." '' Well, lie looked at yon once while Ave were down in the Catocombs, as though he would like t»buiyyou,tliere apd leave you. If f was in \- yont-K!?®® I would'keep an eve ou him, unless 1 , was juepaied tip let liiiu have his own way.*' Thebtkers were coming up to them* Kignoi Marponti walking with Miss Mowbray labm<1 Mrs^Burdidvand Mr.Thoriidoi). i "Iboped toliavc come in the carriage with vou. , Miss Mowbray," lie was saying. •' Do vou think I should have joined your party for the societv of the English cnmtgi or the American ?" • "They are my ; friends, tiignor Marconti. 1 hope you will speak well of them, or at least not ill, whatever vou may think." "J»0, pardon, Miss Mowbray! 1 Not voiu •friends.' There cannot be a-common ground between you and them. Von cannot think tiwh ■* thoughts. And the otlier—Monsieur Dormsen— he is a boy ; but 1 envied him his privilege.*' He «os watehtng her face closely, and saw the quickflush Which overspread it" and faded as quieklyagain. He placed his own interpretation upon it, hut in fact it only arose because his words recalled her impulsive act, by which she had spared herself this man's companionship in the ride. There was no opportunity for more. They had readied the carriages and were soon seated and on their way to their picnic ground, which was to bo under the shadow of the arches of one of the Aqueducts,- whose long lines stretch across the l-ampagna. It was in deference to a whim of Mr. Burdick's that the place was selected. To him these waterways were fascinating in proportion to their absurdity. It vvas one of the mildest of the Uoman winter days,1 and tlie shadows tempered the warmth of the sun with their welcome shelter. The rolliug level of the Camp.ngna stretched away on alt rides; here to the haze hovering above the sea ; there to the long, gray walls of the ancient city ; and before them—to right and left—to the foot of the Alban mountains and the Sabine hills. The freshgrasssprang in thick tufts about the foot of the massive pillars of the Aqueduct, and green lizards flashed here and there among the leaves or over the grev stones. Nosouudof life reached them. Beyond and within the circle of those dis tant walls what life had throbbed for long ages ! And there along the line of the Appian Way lav the ruined tombs of those who hail walked the streets of the marble city long before the wails • now looked upon were built. And all at ton t lay the desolate fever-plagued wastes, where once had ■ been blooming gardens and waving fields of corn. 1 " How much more vividlt" exclaimed Clara j Mowbray, "I can picture the old life of Rome i when I get away from its distracting mixture of i all the centuries, and only see its great walls from ! a spot like this. My fancy can put what it will behindlhem now."' ; " I could be more enthusiastic about it," hall 1 grumbled Thorndon, "if lliey hail made their j water-pipe tight. That is the "second drop this ' Aqueduct has leaked into my neck." j " Oil, this sort of tiling," said Mr. ISurdick, ! glancing up at the old arch above tbem with a {'look of disgust, "this sort of thing is a sham. When 1 think of the general inutility of such a \- contrivance, and the shameful waste of laliour and money in " ■ "'Mr. Burdiek!" interrupted his wife," baveyou j any conception of the delight of an unalloyed ; holiday ?" ■ "Or of conversation without vulgarity," naid f Marconti, in a tone pitched so low as only to reach ' tlie ear of Clara Mowbray, near whom he had placed himself. " It is better than coarseness," she answered, : without looking at him. ! He hit his lip and turned presently to Dormsen. "And you, Mr. Bonn sen, you iind tliis expanse 1 more generous than the Catacombs of Jit. Cal listus. I "Yes, the Catacombs were appalling. I shall not repeat my visit." < "Thev are not pleasant, Mr. Dormsen. It is • not pleasant to be lost in them, Should you j think?" • "Why do you suggest such a horror?" asked Miss Mowbray, i " Has it ever happcnctl ?" Mrs. Burdick in quired, with a shudder. " Ah, yes! I will shew Mr. Dormsen some day," he said, as he turned again to that- young mail, " something interesting in one of the Cata combs. I will take him to tlie spot where a man once perished in awful agony. A few steps more would have brought him to the light, but lie died ^ iu the darkness and loneliness and horror of his 4*ure fate." 4 Dormsen rose and walked away without reply Tfc. Marconti looked after him with a sinister %e on his Hps, which Sir. Burdick noted, if no fee did. Clara Mowbray was conscious that ™toirit,not altogether a fitting guest, at a pic *%iovingintheiriiiidst, hut the feelingpassed jjjfcih progressed, and a more jovi il temper ■^kclf among tlicm all. Even Marconti influence, though that- was not so Pft^eriiajis, since his was a nature that iiuaiq j,ariey at the same time. And not ncvtlr could he wholly himself not help faatagonistic to his own breathing .. punial &e; with hiiu,j ct felt,as he could ueiiglit of a col influence of the bright dnv to move j,jn, nlbiore than all besides, the noou won; on anfiitp which was beginning tojvards the ease wlitfoico. So the early after unve. liadows were growing iXu ie ijtai led ou their return tl'US CfJUljli: imikc bulli cuds mod, " kVcll. , sue couWn* lai.ios, not make one end v< ^dallies ' ; |>0v(V'.'. " el'y IIaitv is (lie fatiier tilmsc rliilo that. bo can delude IIimu «»u* the b<4<e so yon^g cession is id! there is of .I'he circa*. at lUc- l1fa" S«.vKit dollars wish holes in ihrm a numerous, hul they sire jmt half so , 3)ujucrou5/i^ holes without anv silver dollars'*?11 •« 1 tllMll. ' As Englishman went to Now V^rk ;{nd put up ^ •ifin*' Established in i&M;/"and mhrr prided him' self u|Kio the autiquily of his establishment. lit Tiaxt day bis ^Yankee rival arrows the way burlcfQiitd his sign in this war- " r«*-i-* " . yis!erd;iy. Jo old goods on liand." A nrrl.n fitc years old, who bad been wear ing undershirts much too small lor liini, was one day, after baring been washed, put into ft garment as much too large as t he < ither had been too small. Our *ac-yeax-old shrugged ishoulders, shook himself, walked around, and finally Imist out with," Ma, I do feel an fill lonesome in Ibis shirt!" HwtVi.ii 1> students are organising & total absti nence society, "free from pledges, bigotry, and importunity." and based on "common sense, eelf rerpect, arid geutlemanliness." The society will -jfavour total atetineccc, but a member-will be allowed freely to withdraw from tlie organisation whenever] ihe finds the practice of its principle too much f> him. i - • ■ -.—a no eggs we., ea't'n. "lie ru,' of sugar, baif cup of butter, two lablespocwfcis of batingpowder.twoandahaUeuj sof flour. Uiiilc the cakes in halves while hot and fill with cn-aiit made as follows: Two eggs, one pint of milt, half cup of .•aw. one cup of flour. Cook till thick. 