Australian Regatta. Notwithstanding the many' counter attrac tions yesterday,- the above regaatta proved a great success.. . The regatta was one for sail ing boats only,, and the' wind was such that its sailing was quite a pleasure to witness. The boats could be seen nearly the whole of. their respec tive courses, and punctuality in starting was observed in all instances, which in no small degree contributed to the success of the meeting. The A.U.S.N. Company had kindlyplaced their favorite intercoastal steamer Cintra at the disposal of the committee, and her spacious poop was crowded with ladies and gentlemen, who seemed to thoroughly enjoy j xhe proceedings. The. Premier Band was on board, and played some excellent music, which greatly en livened the day's outing. The officers in charge were indefatigable, and all worked most heartily to make ! the regatta the success which it undoubtedly was, and j reflects great credit upon Mr. A. Krone, the hon. sec, and his compeers. About half -past 1 o'clock luncheon ] was served in the spacious saloon, when fully 200 1 ladies and gentlemen sat down. Considering that the ? Cintra arrived at 8 p.m. on Monday only a limited time was allowed Mr. Murphy, the chief steward, to make preparations, but he was equal to the task, and everybody seem thoroughly satisfied. There was only one speech, when Mr. G. C. Melville made a presenta tion to Captain Hampton, on behalf of the com mittee, and he begged that gentleman's acceptance of a liquor stand as a token of the appreciation of the committee for the services he had rendered the re gatta. Captain Hampton in a neat little speech replied and thanked the committee for the very handsome piesent, which he would keep as a momento of the Australian Anniversary Regatta of 1892. Just prior to this the Mayor of Sydney (Mr. Manning) and Mr. J. P. Garvan, M.L.A., arrived in the launch Premier, on a visit to the flagship. After luncheon the wind had increased in force, and capsizes were very frequent. Captain Byrnes in his launch picked up no fewer than $hree crews. The steamer Fawn followed the races with the umpire on board. The 24ft Ghost won the big race after a smart contest with the Volunteer, whose chances were considerably reduced by losing two of her men overboard and having to stand by to pick them up again. Mr. C. Trouton (umpire), Mr. J. Dwyer (judge), Messrs. W. Griffith, W. Fitzhenry, and J. Dwyer (handicappers) gave every satisfaction. Mr. Fitzhenry is to be commended for the starting. The times were taken by Mr. Harding. The following are the results : Young Australian Handicap. Dingeys, 8ft, best and best, handicapped. Course : From fine be tween starter's boat and flagship, round Fort Denison, back to flagship, finishing between flag ship and Clark Island. Prizes : 1st, J25 ; 2nd, £2. — Our Boys, E. Bell, scratch, 1 ; Maggie, T. Ellis, lmin, 2; Vite, R. Gillies, fmin ; Whakiete, W. M'Gauley, lmin; Victor, D. M'Clure, lmin; Willie, J. Reid, fmin ; Sophia, H. Simmons, fmin ; Pearlie, H. Webb, £min ; Elsie, J. Slyney, Jmin. This race was a very good one, and the little dingeys stood up most, manfully to the breeze. All were well handled. Our Boys, on scratch, was well sailed, and secured first honors from Maggie by barely three times her own length. The Waratah Dingey Stakes. Dingeys 14ft, best and best. Course : From line between starter's boat and flagship, round Fort Denison, round Shark Island, outside pile light and buoys, and back to flagship, finishing between flagship and Clark Island. Prizes : First .£9, second £3, third .£2.— Regina, P. Colebrook, jun., 1; Acme, A. Drake, 2; Thorna8! Punch, G. Holmes, jun., 3. Pearle, T. Leach ; Portuna, Chas. Webb ; Etna, A. Mould ; Violet, Chris. Webb; Idalia (canvas), 12ft, W. Leggatt ; Our Roy, C. P. M'Conville, capsized ; Old Tom, C. Hellings; Bessie, S. Hellings; Vera, F. Cecil Jack ; Ella, J. T. Robinson. All started, and a splendid race ensued. Off Shark Island M'Conville lost all chance of the race by a capsize. Regina won by a few seconds from Acme, and Thomas Pnnch was very close up third. The Fort Denison Handicap, dingeys 10ft, best and best, handicapped. Course : From line between starter's boat and flagship, round Fort Denison, back round flagship, round Port Denison, and back to flag ship, finishing between flagship and Clark Island. Prizes : first, .£6 ; second, £2 ; third, £1. — Venora, F. Pontey, 1 ; Massilia, C. Phillips, 2 ; Areta, S. Harley,3. Other starters: Tomboy, W. Goddard, f rain; Rene (canvas), W. Lee, fmin; Inez,C. H. Hughes, imin; Violet, J. Langford; Morea, T. Ellis.: and Young Ethel, W. J. Holmes. Rhea capsized at the start, and Aurora followed suit when off Shark Island. The Venora won with more than her handicap from Massilia, which just kept ahead of Areta for second place. The Champion Dingey Race, dingeys 16ft. Course: From line between starter's boat and flagship, round Fort Denison, round Shark Island, ouside pile light and buoys, and back to flagship, finishing between flagship and Clark Island. Prizes : First .£15, second £3.— Our Own, T. Colebrook,sen.,l ; Violet, D. Boyd,2. Other starters : Sophie, T. Leach ; Vagabond, T. But ters: Our Giris, Chas. Webb ; Elsie, J. T. Robinson; Our Boys, G. Holmes, sen. Before crossing the line Our Girls (Chas. Webb), fouled the Sophie and cap sized, and the Vagabond, when gibing to come to the start, filled and turned turtle. The remaining boats were successful in keeping afloat, and a splendid race ensued, and resulted in Our Own proving too much for Violet by fully a minute. The Australian Anniversary Handicap. All boats, 22 feet to 26 feet, best. and best, handicapped. Course : From line between starter's boat and flag ship, round Fort Denison, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, round Shark Island, round flagship, and round Shark Island back to flagship, finishing between flagship and Clark Island. Prizes : First £25, second .£10, third £5, and champion gold medal to cap tain of winning boat (by Dahm and Company). — Ghost, 24ft, A. Thomas, 5min, 1; Volunteer, 24ft, J. T. Robinson, fmin, 2; Mantura, 24ft, Charles Webb, scratch, 3. Other starters : Booralie, 24ft, R. Banks, 5min ; Kannanook, 26ft, M. Foy, 5min; Vera, 22ft, F. Yarrow, 4min; Latona, 22ft. Cris. Webb, 3min ; Lillian, 22ft, T. Leach, 3min ; Lavinia, 24ft, A. Welch, 3min: Our Own, 24ft, S. Hellings, 3min; Our Tom, 24ft, W. Stannard, 2imin; Gazelle, 24ft, C. P. M'Conville, 2^nin; Craigalee, 24ft, H. Poulton, l£min; Eegina, 24ft, G. R. Parrett, lmin; Susie, 24ft, H. Pearce, fmin; Kangaroo, 24ft, H. Langford, scratch; Enterprise, 24ft, G. Holmes, jun., scratch. This was the race of the day, and evinced the greatest of interest. The wind was just as fresh as the boats required, and sufficient to make the crews attentive to their duties and to save capsizing. 'It was a pretty sight to see the way in which the boats were handled. The Ghost crossed the line first in 4h 46min 50sec, the Volunteer second in 4h 47min 2sec, and the Mantura third in 4h 50sec ; the Susie, Latona, and Craigalee came in in the order named. Some of the other boats had dropped out and came home at their leisure. The Port Jackson Handicap. Dingeys, 18ft and 19ft. Course : From line between starter's boat and flagship, round Fort Denison, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, round Shark Island, and back to flag ship, finishing between flagship and Clark Island. Prizes : First. «£15 ; second, £3 — Edith, T. Colebrook, sen, lmin, 1 ; Cygnet, T. Colebrook, jun., l|-min, 2: Other starters : The Gift, 16ft 6in, F. Hopkinson, 4min; Genesta, W. Duncan, 4min; Ivy, R. Green, 2imin; O.K., F. Dempster, limm; Pandora, 19ft, G. Robinson, scratch. About a minute's difference was noticed between the first and second boats. The Gift and Genesta had quite enough of it before finishing. The Cintra Handicap, all boats, 20ft, best and best, handicapped. Course: From line between starter's boat and flagship, round Fort Denison, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, round Shark Island, round flagship, round Shark Island, and back to flag ship, finishing between flagship and Clarke Island. Prizes, first l £20, second .£7, third ^3.— Orace Dar ling, D. A. Hansen, 3min, 1 ; Victor, G. Holmes, scratch, 2 ; Bettina, W. Wilthew, 3min, 3 ; Dolphin, R. Banks, 7min ; Paul Jones, H. Stralow, 6min : Mari tana, C. Fay, 5f min ; Pomona, J. Firth, 3min ; Nereus, W. Read, lmin. This was a great race, the Grace Darling finishing just ahead of the Victor. At the luncheon, after justice had been done to the good things, Captain Hampton, of the Cintra, was presented by the committee with an elegant spirit stand as a token of the appreciation in which he is held. The Mayor of Sydney (Alderman Manning) and Mr. J. P. Garvan, M.L.A., were on the flagship during the afternoon. 