YitsimmcroB was «ot troubled his tormentors, the two constables. It aid not roil Ward's scheme that they should be pry uizaboutthehouse, andthey got aquiet hint f torn one ol tbe highest officials not to bother theoldhutkeeper any more. Daring the suooeedingday on whioh be paid bin visit to the oonviot boatman, Ward was exceedingly busy. He visited no less than six of the out lying ahepherd prisoners, and won upon.them Xo snoh an extent-by the aid ol a glib . tongue and tobacco-that they each promised to visit Fitzimmons' hut that night, armed with the password. He even medearrange "ments whereby Hendrick found himself at liberty to Join the conspirators, and complete ^W^ThaMnfaei, gonetothe ant, and told him an untruthful story about having discovered the beginning of « serione nlot and he named certain conviots con cerned in it. He asked-so that matters might be brought to a orisie-that thesei men be allowed as much 1'berty as poB«ble,ui order that they might attend the rendezvous, and his request was at once granted. The hutkeepers and shepherds were most ly in a position to move about at night, al though it was not allowed, hut a man belong ingto the prison gang like Hendrick was in a different portion. As it was necessary thathaahonld attend the conBpirators meet ing, be wastoldnfi ae a night patrol amongst that eeotion ofthe f orest hutkeepers in which Fitrimmons'dwelling lay. At eight o'dock on the night ol Apri tha 4th, 1847, nine men Wera assembled. in FiU immona'linii They were*onvicts Hendrick, Meyriek,FU*immonB, Evans, Haddon, Luke, M'Kinley, Carter, and free boatman Ward. They had zeaohed the place in a Bteahhy :" manner, and it was evident that the gather ing was for no good purpose. Each of them gave the hutkeeper the paBBWord . Wild Tobacoo,"when they oame to the door. With the exception of Meyriok, who had received it from 'Hendrick after the letter's interview with Ward, the lelonB had all got the watoh word from the boatman. The evening was terribly wild and etormy. Such a one u when Tam O'Shanter took the road to Kirk Alloway in, when- , .' A child that night might underst jus The deil had business on his han."' The oomfortless interior of the squalid hut with the darkness made -visible by a " dip" tight did not add cheerfulness to the anxious and glaomy faces of the oocupants, When the last man entered Fitzimmons seoured the door with a beam of wood, and tbey all eat around a ricketty table on some rnde benches. Hendrick was the first to break the silence by alluding to the business which had brought them together. *' You know, men, why we have oome bere, I suppose," he began ; " we want to free our selves from misery and cruelty. We were had enough off a month ago, but now W9 are much worse. The little privileges which made our hard lot bearable have been with drawn, and we are worse than any elaves on aartb. For my part I cannot stand it any longer.. If I fail in obtaining freedom 1 shall be hanged, of course, but that is better than being slowly flogged to deBth, and I see no reason why a general rising ebould fail." " There is not tbe slightest doubt of sno oess if everyone palls together," broke in Ward. " ff the plot is properly laid it can not Jail, and by striking tbe blow quickly it will be all the better, for the authorities do sot dream of another outbreak so soon after Westwood'a Bising." _ « Aye, we must move with caution, said Fitximtnohe. " Westwood's revolt was well planned, and yet it did not euooeed. We have crafty men to deal with, who have power behind them, and it will take a greatblow to : Streak it." Jan nary rising was a perfect bungle," fin1' liimliriy warmly. "Why did theynot«etthepSstofBtsat Longridge and Oascade to join them. Tbe aettlement would * be in their hands now if that had been done. It allowed the major and oommandant to get teinforoements from these places, instead of lniine obliged to send for asBiBtsnoe to them; At Longridge there was only _ twenty eight men,to guard six hundred prisoners. The handful of military there could have been swept away like chaff before the wind had the oonviqtag^hed. The same could have been font hundred prisoners at CaB m^n thne liberated n -jiA have VweplPWlSSS^^^S1^rear of the ^Inaraeka at Sydney Bay, anO^K iSlew defenders. Nothing ooul : :1" vented it. Less than two hundred _- " been hemmed in between two thousand fasperate convicts, fighting for life and liber ty, nothing short of a miraole could have javad the authorities. I tell you if a general \- firing is arranged at all the prisons, it must ' tfuoaeed." The uguments of Ward seemed to have ronsiderable effect on hia auditors, who list ened to him with breathless interest. At itngti* Meyriok said, " What would you fORgest, air, as a good plan to adopt ?" «. First of all it will be neoessary to get all th- letid«"g and trustworthy conviots on your ridf Between yon all that ought to be easily you each know aome of the prisoners who «an be trnsted, and fhey in turn will know others who will be faithful. Thus the ig^iplbt will widen ont like a watery cirole until *t embraces all worth having. Of course, When yon get a majority of the prisoners on your side the minority will have< to follow. In the meantime the details of the plan mast be af"^**1 and confided to yonrfriends, who trill ear»f"Hy spread it aronnd. When that is done-and as soon as poBrible after, to onrent the possibility of a waverer turning traitor-a euitable oocasion must be fixed |oz the general rising. X think a good plan would be to cet fire to, say the Cascade it night. The ohief officers would tarry there from SjdneyBay and Longridge atations with all the available hands they aoidd master, and then the rising could take pi.«a st these plaoesi Daring the confusion ofthe fin at Cascade most of the prisoners ooulfl aseape and assemble in some appointed pim**. It a small guard were placed over the convicts to prevent escape. It would be a very eimple matter ro overpower il, The de tails cooldbe arranged beforehand. Iam pplygiving a general outline of what would Jje 9 gofld plan." apoka this with an earnestness that appeared to be rinoere, and ae if wanning op . witb ito theme, ha added. " I suppose moetcf you will wonder why I, who am a free man, should suggest such a plot ae this to you. Ill soon tell you. First ly.! ain In diiptWi and don't oare how noon I leave this plaee, but that is not the reason I am risking my life to-night. I hate eonvict ayatem. In Van Die. man's Land I have two brothers wearing out their lives ia> penal servitude, although they areinhocent of any erime. They were oon vieted in Dnblin ontne evidence of a ruffian lyinlormer named 'O'Malley, .and sentenced to transportation for life. I have sworn to rescue them, and for thatpnrpose I managed to cet a situation as boatman at tbe prison ol Port Arthoi inTan Dieman's Land. When I was tiiere a few weeks the superintendent loana ont by «on»e who I waa, ana I wasatonceaentbere. X have 4»een dueatis. fiadever^inoe.nnahaving Been tbe oruelbes ^theevsteni l am mow than ayer anxious S ine, and lor the sake of my suffer ing relatiyea l wish to aaeist those who are aimll»riy®laced.v: . Vfhil'&M; . fawp fcftpf ^s aflxoepittoo of one person Ibe*11"1® gardeditasgo^el,and began to^°0^, Ward aa little inferior to aaamt,»_ r When, as if offircome moriesof 'hia brothwa avoked, fae followed the ixeeital with a plog of tobi»eoo"au irora|hrofenii«^ Jooo4^kedby1:ha ~ wilyintormer-ill but one,and that wae Meyriok, That felon Bat regarding the boatman: with a strange and oaiinous flte in his eyes. The feeble light did not permit "Ward to see his laoe closely, <iff %e iu^hi have taken alarm. TSw aiui eeemedto be evolving old recollections, and gradually his countenance became convulsed with pBseion and hie hands twitohed nerv ously. AaWard rose to go, he, with a power ful effort, regained & measnre of eompoB are. 41 We will all meet hen the evening after to-morrow," said the boatman as he left them, the understanding being that each should depart separately. A etorm was rag ing outside, and the tree boatman made his way towarde the chief prison, mattering as he went. " It's fairly started, bnt I must get a couple of dozen more in before I have them nabbed." When he had passed the door of the hat Meyrick went to it, and peered out into the darkness after him. He was eoon lost inthe gloom, but still the man looked until a vivid flash of lightning lit np the foreBt, and re vealed Ward making fcr the settlement. Then he closed the door oarefnlly, and after seouring it walked to the table and took his former seat. His faoe was rigid and white, so mnch so that even the obtuse convicts noticed it; "Have you seen a ghost?" asked Hend rick, that being sappoEed to be the popular cause of frightening people at night. " Would to Ood it was that and nothing more I had seen," replied Meyrick in a, solemn voioe. " I have seen the ghost ot former days certainly, bnt that is not half so fearful as the reality of the present. I may as well tell yon, men, that we are all lost. Nothing can eave us." 41 Are we watched?" exclaimed the convicts starting to their feet in affright. " How are we loBt V " I don't think we are watched yet, bnt I, am mire that by to-morrow morning the com mandart will know that each of us was here, and everything that passed, with a good deal thBt never passed." " Yon don't mean to Bay that Mr Ward is a spy, surely I" they asked. "I do; and lean tell you more. HiBname is not Ward at all, bat Michael O'Malley, the infamous Dublin informer. The story he told ns abont his brothers is alt false, bnt if he had not said it I would probably never have recognised him, although I thought there was something about him familiar to me. When he mentioned O'Malley I knew him at onoe, although he is greatly changed. He is the most diabolical villain tbat walks the earth to-day. Listen for a few minntes and I will tell you who our new found friend 1b that even now is weaving the rope to hang us." " In the beginning of 18401 was a young man in Dublin with good prospects before me. I felt like many another patriotio Irish man that my country was badly governed, and I longed to pee her independent. I was a member of a club oalled " Erin's Band." It was an harmless sort of an affair, where a number of young fellows met and kept their patriotism warm by recounting the deeds and anoient glory of Hibernia. Towards the end of the year I mention, one Michael Mai ley was admitted a member, and became very popnlar with hie olub fellows. I saw at once i that be was a firebrand and took a diBlike to him, which he cordially reciprocated. Day after day he insidiously incalculated the doo trine of force into the impressionable and fiery young men. He almost worked the society into a revolutionary body, and at last the crash came. A conflict with a body of military took place between them and a number of the club men. I was amongBt the latter, and tried hard to prevent the disturb ance. Amongst others I was arrested, and then O'Malley came out in his true colors. He was a paid Government informer, and swore enough to hang ns. Nine tenths of hiB evidence was false. Acts that he had committed were attributed to me, and the end was that myself and four othef members of the olnb were sentenoed to transportation for life. It transpired during the trial that O'Malley had been an informer for several years, but his last exploit would have oost him his life had he not been Bpouted away by the authorities. My companions and my self were sent to Fort Arthur prison, and a few months after I was transferred here. The faot of those poor men being there may have had something to do with O'Malley's removal to this place, for it was currently reported in Dublin that I had died, and no doubt the informer accepted it as trae. Ton will judge by this what sort ot a man we have to deal with. I am sure he is in league with the officials, and this is a' put up' job." The deluded conspirators eat and looked at the speaker, but for a time their tongaeB were dumb. At length Hendriok said, " I oan see we have been led into a trap, but it'sjnot too late yet to get out of it. be here in a couple of nights, and suspects anything. We can not?"ng, but as they left the «ut into the darkness of thelagigg evo'^., occasionally lit np by the lnrid raSfeB -of UghtningTHfcsir looks spoke more^HBjuently than words of the more awful storm of passionate revenge which was tossing their hearts. Punctual to time on the night appointed the conspirators met at Fitzimmons'hut again. Ward was unnsually elated, for he had met with much success tbat day amongst oertain of the convicts, and the plot was ripen ing fast. He gave the assembled felons an elaborate plan of the various prisons, and de tailed certain points which it would be neces sary to observe. He also informed tbem tbat transports were expected in a fortnight's time, and it would be necessary to carry out the conspiracy before they came. It was nearly ten o'olook when he left the plotters, and the night was unusually dark. He did not go alone, for Meyrick eaid he would aooompany him a short distance to wards bis own destination. They had not I got fifty feet from the hut when Hendriok, Evans, and Haddon opened the door and silently followed them into the sombre lor* est. "Have yon seen Ward lately, Daniels?" the civil commandant asked the major three days after the second meeting in Fitzimmon's hat, as he met him in the outer yard. " I have not. Ishe missing?" " He has not been seen at his quarters for three days, and that is suspicious. The work he is engaged on is rather hazardous," eaid the commandant. " I think it would be advisable to send out a search party after him. Ton have a good idea, I suppose, where he might have met with foal play," returned Major Da niels, " Yes. If he does not appear to day I will have a search made to-morrow." The free boatman did not appear, and 4 rigid search was made in the vicinity of Fitz immons' hgt at first, and then in every part ot the ieland, but withont any trace of the m'wring man being found. Two days after, whilst the reef gang were at work in Sydney Bay, an object came floating towards tbem, rising and falling with the waves. As it came closer it was discovered to be the hideous body of a man, whioh waB searoely identifiable, aB that of William Waters, free boatman, alias Miohael O'Malley, informer. The doctor found that the skull was frao tured, and the supposition was tbat the man had first been struck down, rendered insen sible, and thrown into Sydney Bay. The commandant tried hard to find the murder ers fay offering a free pardon to any aocom plioe who would inform, but it was in vain, althongb he shrewdly euspeoted who the murderers were. Tears afterwards, when Meyrick was on his death bed at the oonviot station in West Australia, he confessed to having attack the fatal blow, and helped to throw the body into the sea. The " Wild Tobacco Plot" only brought disaster to itB originator. v Next week the Beeords will be oontinued under the title of " Mad Theodore." This willdeseribeatragic andextraordinary event that took jrtaoe at <7aseade Prison in the be ginning of 1847 " An' phat is your Jamie doin* these days, Mrs. O'Tare ?" "Ah, Jamie is doin' loine. Hefi a direo tor in the opera house an* wean * swallytail ooat." " A director, is it T An' phat does a direc tor do t" " Share, he directs the people to their ?eats." Simple-Minded Country Tooth-" Are ballet girls always attended by their mothers?" Leading Humorist (showing him around) " No, never." 8\. M. C. Y.-" By whom, then T" It. H.-" By their granddaughter#.'' (Dies.) 