A BURIED SIN. Then, like inspiration, there flashes upon him the remembrance of that odd change in her face when he told his name and estate. Mostyn's lips curl haughtily. He is no contemner of rank and wealth, or the advan- tages of good blood. But in his pride of intellect he holds himself any man's equal, and in his pride of taste and refinement he rates himself 'gentleman;' believing in his heart that the man who could pass the tests by which he tries himself might stand before kings. Her face changed when he stood confessed as Lord Ferrar's tutor. Perhaps she had allotted to him higher rank and so permitted him to fall into easy, friendly converse. Perhaps the earl had spoken of him as a man of low origin, and the earl's daughter in her provincial exclusive- ness and pride of birth, despises him for the accident which placed him originally low in social status; in her artless waywardness showing the scorn she feels more plainly than is quite in good taste. Be it so. From his own high position in the aristocracy of talent, from the eminence to which he knows himself entitled, and to which the world shall soon admit his claim, he can look unmoved upon the prejudices of an ignorant little country girl—wealthy, titled, beautiful though she may be. He rouses himself from the reverie into which he has fallen during Ferrars's des- cription of a dispute and temporary strike in the middle of haymaking amongst the labourers of a neighbouring farmer. He looks across the table to find Lady Clare's eyes bent searchingly upon him as though she were trying to read his thoughts. She blushes painfully at being detected; the scornfulness comes back to her face, doubled, intensified, but it is that of a petu- lant, wayward child. A half- smile plays about his lips, he returns the gaze until her own drop before the calm, cold, superior majesty of intellec- tual strength. 'I have made an enemy,' he thinks. 'As a set-off I must try to gain one friend if not two.' He turns to Mrs. Carew and her daughter and does his best to amuse them. Possibly some slight exultation at Lady Clare's recent discomfiture piques him to appear at his gayest and best. Mrs. Carew has the nice conversational tact of an experienced woman of the world. Blanche brings a girl's flights of fancy, and the charm which culture and refinement lend to feminine utterances. Mostyn himself is inspired to something like genius. Even Ferrars grows interested and excited by the brilliant talk and lively repartee. Only Lady Clare sits silently and proudly aloof. The ladies have withdrawn. Mostyn and Lord Ferrars sit at their wine, and the latter has drunk several glasses in rapid succession —quite as much as is good for him. 'I say,' remarks the young nobleman, filling his glass again and passing the decanter. 'You are a queer fish, you know.' 'I think I may venture to return the compliment,' rejoins Mostyn, smiling. 'It is an awful pity you are a tutor. Take friendly advice and go away quietly to- morrow. 'A very inhospitable speech. Why ?' 'Because I have bet Clare ten to one I drive you away in a month, and that means mischief.' 'Suppose I decline to be driven away ?' 'You must take the consequences, says Lord Ferrars, sullenly. 'Remember, I have warned you because you cut up well about the shooting. Go you must and shall. A thousand donkeys are not more obstinate than my mind when it is made up.' 'And a thousand donkeys,' retorts Mostyn, sternly, 'could not kick me out of the path in which I choose to walk. I shall join the ladies.' ' The sound of'a magnificent piano guides him to the drawing-room, but the music ceases as he enters. Miss Carew is playing a pre- lude, her mother sits in the corner of a sofa in a suspiciously drowsy attitude. Lady Clare is on a low ottoman in a corner, caressing a tiny Maltese terrier. ' Were you about to sing ? I am fortunate in the moment of arrival.' 'Are you fond of music?' 'So fond that it becomes one of my minor trials, and I sometimes wish there were none in creation, save indeed the " music of the spheres.''' 'How so ?' ' To begin with, I hate to hear a thing I love tortured and maltreated, as music certainly is by ninety-nine performers out of a hundred.' 'How shall I dare to play before so severe a critic ?' ' Had you been one of the ninety-nine I should not have ventured the remark. Remember, I heard the prelude to your song on my way to the drawing-room. The door was open.' Without further parley she begins to sing. Lights have not been rung for, the room is in the semi- darkness of a summer gloaming. Mostyn sinks into a low chair and listens. "Tho' poor be the chamber, come here, and adore; Lo! the Lord of Heaven Hath to mortals given Life for evermore—life for evermore." He sits spell-bound by the beauty of that rich contralto voice, swelling clear and effortless as the notes of a bird. The tears come into his eyes, He is thrilled—fasci- nated. It is not Blanche Carew who sings, it is a sweet, grand spirit voice warbling the invi- tation--' Come here and adore.' "Wind, to the cedars proclaim the joyful story, Wave of the sea, the tidings bear afar. The night is gone! Behold, in all its glory, All broad and bright rises th' Eternal Morning Star!" They forgot each other's personal existence these two true lovers of music, she who sings and he who listens, until with a few great throbbing chords the song ends. Blanche Carew's white fingers still rest caressingly upon the ivory keys as though she loved them. Seen from Mostyn's position her head is clearly outlined against a window. The eyes look thoughtfully into vacancy, he fancies there must be a smile upon her lips called up by the last words which passed them —' Life for evermore.' 'I should not dare to listen for long to your voice,' he murmurs. 'Why not ? Does it torture and maltreat a thing you love ?' she asks lightly. 'It is music itself. It seems to wander through locked chambers of memory, com- pelling me to follow. At all other times my Will is master of Thought, but with me music paralyses Will.' 'Is there so much pain in your life ?' she asks sympathetically. 'Do not let us speak of it,' he answers. How does music move you ?' 'It lifts me to Heaven,' she says earnestly. 'Mr. Howard, might it not lead you thither if you follow in the spirit of my song—'Come near and adore ?'' They talk on, these two whom the music has moved to sympathy. Lord Ferrars is in Lady Clare's corner beyond ear-shot. He entered just as the last notes died away. ' What do you think of the bear-leader, Clare ?' 'I hate him,' is the pettish reply. 'But I fear I shall win your chocolate creams.' 'Not a bit of it,' says Lord Ferrars, confi- dentially. 'I shall drive him away. It seems a pity too, for I am inclined not to dislike him.' 'Baby!' says Lady Clare, with a low, irritating laugh. ' Because he was artful enough to praise the child's new toy after beating him hollow at shooting with it.' Lord Ferrars grinds his teeth savagely. ' Do you think that was it ? Then I will be even with him before—' Mrs. Carew awakes from her doze with a snort. 'We must have lights,' she exclaims. ' Will somebody ring ?' In a few seconds the room is in a soft blaze of light. Mostyn Howard approaches the corner where brother and sister are conversing. 'Lady Clare,' he says, ' will you play or sing ? May I venture a petition ?' 'No, sir,' is the curt response. ' I can do nothing—nothing.' CHAPTER VIII. IT is the first week in July. The earl has returned from town, bringing a piece of in- formation which fills Mrs. Carew with dis- may. He has invited Lady Dunraven to accept the hospitality of Freston Castle for a few weeks, and she has not declined the in- vitation. 'How did it come about?' asks Mrs. Carey. The earl does not know. Something was said about the heat and dustiness of London streets, in contrast with the coolness and verdure of the country. Lady Dunraven deplored the loneliness of her own country seat, and felicitated Lord Malbreckthane upon the possession of two such charm- ing companions as Mrs. Carew and her daughter. Here the earl's recollections become more vivid, and his communicative- ness less candid. He remembers almost word for word the gallant speech in which he prayed his friend's wife to grace his home with her presence for awhile, He flatters himself after the fashion of mankind that his assurance its attractions would then be indeed unrivalled, an as- surance given in his best manner and with his courtliest bow, had something to do with the lady's ready acquiescence. But he is conscious that in Mrs. Carew he has a disapproving and unsympathetic listener. He blunders and stammers over his tale, and is strongly tempted to cut it short by walking out of the room. So that the one appalling fact she deduces from chaos is that Lady Dunraven will assuredly come, so soon as she can free her self from existing London engagements. 'Which will doubtless be the exact date of St. John Darrell's arrival,' says Mrs. Carew, with icy sarcasm. 'What of that ? Darrell will not eat her, I suppose?' 'Is it possible, Lord Malbreckthane,' she inquires, 'you do not know that Lady Dun- raven's platonic friendship with Mr. Darrell is the talk of their set ?' 'St. John Darrell is a much vilified man in my opinion. Whilst they stick to platonics there can be no great harm in the intimacy.' Mrs. Carew answers by an expressive movement of the eyebrows. The much vili- fied man is her bête noire. He shocks all her prejudices, outrages her most cherished ideas. She would not allow Blanche to meet him in any other country house, and now she will have to mount guard over both her own daughter and the lady visitor. It is not a pleasant prospect, but there is only one course, submission. She cannot afford to quarrel with a luxurious establish- ment and eight hundred a year; so she sub- mits in silent disgust. The earl is surprised and delighted to find Mostyn Howard has already arrived. He has taken a great liking to the young man, and for a few days shows so strong and flattering a desire for his company that tutor and pupil scarcely meet. Once Mostyn remonstrates. In his keen conscientiousness, to allow himself to be treated entirely as a guest seems taking an unfair advantage. But the earl has an answer ready, so sensi- ble a one he can but yield. 'The very fact of your installation,' says Lord Malbreckthane, 'is a point gained. I want Ferrars to grow gradually accustomed to your presence and content with it. In time he may begin to seek your society, a result infinitely more likely than if it were at first forced upon him. Companionship may ripen into confidence, and then you will be- gin to influence his opinions and actions, but undue precipitation would spoil all. Mostyn sighs. A shrewd judge of charac- ter, he sees much to admire in the reckless youth. But he is somewhat sceptical as to the possibility of getting at the good in him. The slight advantage gained in the rabbit-. shooting expedition is already lost. There is a strong adverse influence at work, that of Lady Clare. Daily she taunts her brother with the pro- bability of losing his foolish wager. Daily some disagreeable trick is concocted and exe- cuted. Occasionally it is foiled by incessant vigilance, more generally it is successful. But the victim has not once lost temper since the syringing episode. A calm smile, perhaps a slight scornful curl of lip, are his tormentor's rewards. And yet there is some thing in Mostyn's eye which forbids the im- putation of cowardice. In his secret heart Lord Ferrars is compelled to wondering ad- miration, a sentiment that might beget res- pect and friendship under happier auspices, but that engenders only dislike beneath Lady Clare's ceaseless gibes. It is the first week in July, but the weather instead of becoming more sultry has made a step in the reverse direction. Summer heat has changed to the cold winds and frequent showers of early April. This day in particular, the thermometer is so low fires have been lighted in several rooms, and since daybreak it has poured in- cessantly with rain. The earl, unable to enjoy his customary ride or drive, devotes himself to his banker's pass-book and his steward's accounts. And Lord Ferrars in an exceedingly bad humour at being confined to the house, and totally without the continuous resource books afford, applies himself to the congenial occu- pation of tormenting his tutor. First by words, in which he is signally worsted. Mostyn's superb coolness and stinging sarcasm are doubly a match for him. Next by actions, in which he so far succeeds that a weary look comes into the grave face, and the lines about the mouth, usually of in- finite patience and sweetness, become set and hard. The young tutor begins to think it time to take resolute action, and retreats to his own rooms to think out the problem. Here with locked doors he is safe from in- trusion, and also, thanks to necessary precau- tions, from an untimely deluge of water. Presently a knocking announces the ad- vent of a visitor. 'Who is there?' 'It is I,' replied Lord Ferrar's voice. Let me in, please.' Mostyn, somewhat dubious as to immedi- ate results, throws open the door. Mr. Howard,' says the young nobleman, politely, 'I am frightfully hard up for amuse- ment. Will you have a round with the gloves ?' The unwonted urbanity, and a certain lurking malice in the speaker's eyes put Mostyn on his guard. ' There are grooms enough in the stables if you want to box,' he replies, coldly. 'I am tired of the company of cads.' 'I rejoice to hear such an admission,' says Mostyn, with sarcastic emphasis. 'Besides,' continues Lord Ferrars, with a sneer, 'I should like to see what stuff you are made of.' The young tutor reflects a moment. Should he refuse it will be to the certain loss of any slight prestige he may have already gained. Should he accept, a severe trial of strength and temper must ensue, the exact result of which it is impossible to foresee. 'Very well,' he asserts, slowly. 'But I warn you it is possible you may be disap- pointed.' With an exclamation of triumphant and malicious joy his companion leads the way to some outbuildings, instructing one foot- man en route to bring instantly a good supply of claret and lemonade, and another to summon the stable-helper of whom men- tion has before been made as a frequent associate in the favourite pastime. ' Jim,' he says, ' I am going to box with this gentleman. Bring two pair of gloves' (in a lower tone, but not so indistinctly as to escape Mostyn's quick ears), ' red strings and blue—pair of each.' ' But, my lord,' remonstrates that worthy'. ' Do as I tell you, sir !' is the fierce res- ponse and Jim flees in terror. The gloves and the beverages arrive simultaneously, and whilst the viscount de votes his attention to a satisfactory mixture of the latter in a huge silver tankard Mostyn warily takes advantage of his preoccupation to examine the gloves which, selected from two different sets, had been particularised by the colour of their strings. The circumstance arouses his suspicion. He is aware that there are hard gloves manu- factured, which have much the appearance of ordinary ones, to evade the law against prize- fights, but with which combats open to bets are decided almost as conclusively as with the naked fists. And to his indignation he discovers that the gloves tied with dingy blue strings are made almost in the same manner—that they are certainly as hard again as the others, His eyes flash at the discovery. He turns sharply round to administer the stinging re- proof which rises to his lips. Then he pauses, a curious smile upon his lips, as he divests himself quietly of unnecessary clothing. He has decided to repay unmanly treachery by a severe punishment. For good or for ill it is time the relations between himself and his pupil should under- go modification. Before Lord Ferrars has finished tasting and compounding the liquors the other dons the hard gloves, and Jim the helper, with an appreciative grin on his face, tightly fastens tbe blue strings. Jim retains so vivid a recollection of his own inferiority in the 'noble art,' and the many severe drubbings that inferiority has cost him, he is disposed to see the tables turned with great complacency. The young nobleman's countenance falls when he at length remarks his opponent's equipment for the contest. 'Jim, you accursed fool,' he cries, angrily, 'you have handed Mr. Howard my gloves. I intended that pair for my own use.' 'I thought so,' rejoins Mostyn, quietly. 'That is why I put them on. I should like to see what stuff you are made of, Lord Ferrars.' At that apropos quotation: the viscount's cheeks flush crimson. For a moment he seems about to lose his self-command; the next shame bridles his tongue. With a dangerous glitter in his eye he throws off coat and vest. Mostyn looks on coolly with a quiet smile. It is not the first time he has marked similar signs in an antagonist and hailed them as omens of victory. Perfect command of temper is almost the first desideratum in a boxer. And yet he sees he has work before him, despite the advantage given by choice of gloves. Lord Ferrars' manner implies perfect con- fidence in his own skill. In height and reach of arm the lad has the advantage of an inch or two—a great point. Also he is in perfect training, whereas Mostyn has not handled the gloves since the old college days, and has not even taken part of late in active sports of any kind. To sum up; the younger man—for man he is in bulk and strength, though not in years —is altogether larger in bone and muscle. But Mostyn Howard's slight, graceful limbs are the perfection of manly symmetry; he has not an ounce of superfluous flesh about him. His muscle, though not unduly developed, is hard as iron, and, in the arm especially, he has marvellous strength. More than one burly bargeman, in old town-and- gown riots, came to rue the day he singled out the slight, almost consumptive- looking individual whose blows fell afterwards like the kicks of a horse. 'Are you ready ?' asks Lord Ferrars, im- patiently. ' ' Yes.' Is it to be gentle play or hard hitting?' ' Hard hitting.' And with the words the viscount strikes a blow, swift and savage, in the hope it may take his antagonist by surprise. It is parried. Parried, and returned with such lightning speed that Lord Ferrars, caught quite un- awares, fails to intercept it. It takes him full on the forehead and sends him to the ground at full length backwards. Exulting, Jim gives one irrepressible, ecstatic chuckle. Neither the blow nor the fall hurts the young nobleman. They shake him a little, that is all, but at the low laugh of the stable helper all the viking in him awakes. With a bound he springs to his feet, and rushes furiously upon his assailant. A few swift blows, in which neither has the advantage, and he is down again, a small stream of blood trickling from his nose. 'Your nose is bleeding,' says Mostyn, when he rises. 'Had you not better leave off for to-day ?' Lord Ferrars's reply is a shower of blows, which the tutor wards as best he may. Two or three break through his guard, but they fall harmless. He knows that presently his turn will come with the striker's exhaustion. As indeed it does. Panting and breathless, the lad desists. Mostyn drops his guard. 'I will give you breathing time,' he says. Your play is very bad. You would be quite at my mercy now if I chose to take advan- tage.' The opportunity is too tempting for Lord Ferrars, in his bitter passion, to resist. With a quick bound, he fells Mostyn to the ground, before the latter, all unprepared, has time to resume the defensive. Twice the feat is repeated before the tutor, aston- ished at the want of manliness, can fully regain his footing. When he does so there is a change in his face. It was that of an avenger. It ex- presses stern justice and pitiless contempt. Lord Ferrars reads it aright, and becomes more wary. The contest will be no child's play now, he knows. 'Stop,' cries Mostyn. 'Jim, untie these strings.' 'Have you had enough ? Are you afraid ?' sneers the viscount. 'Take off Lord Ferrars's gloves. I shall exchange with him.' ' What are you going to do ?' asks that young gentleman, greatly perplexed. 'Administer the soundest thrashing you ever received,' is the stern reply. Guard yourself.' There is no unnecessary conversation now, no sound save the tramp of the combatants, and their laboured breathing. A delusive rap or two, a feint, and a blow thrown in with crushing force. It takes Lord Ferrars under the chin, and he flies half a dozen yards, in that description of fall which is commonly known as 'head over heels.' Jim picks him up. Jim's face is a picture of the liveliest distress; but no sooner is his master again upon his legs than the helper's expression of sympathetic concern changes, in the back ground, to one of intense delight. Hain't he got his match now ?' he is whis- pering to himself. 'Lord ! I do 'ope Mr. 'Oward 'ull give it 'im 'ot.' And Mr. Howard's will is quite good to 'give it 'im ot.'' He is determined to teach his unruly pupil a severe lesson. Equipped with the soft gloves, pitted against strength and endurance that should be fully equal to his own, opposed to one who is really a very pretty boxer, reckless enough to take advantage of every opportunity whether fair or otherwise, and armed with the formidable hard gloves, the issue would be doubtful to an onlooker. Not so to Mostyn Howard. He has dis- covered that his antagonist is deficient in science. Infinitely superior as the viscount has pro- ved to the rustic opponents with whom he has hitherto coped, he finds his master in a man accustomed to box with the finest athletes in the university, a man who took lessons from the best pugilists of the day, who learned their artifices and who emulates their skill. The friendly sport has changed to a pro- ceeding exceedingly like an unfriendly fight. Lord Ferrars' strokes fall with the swinging force of a revolving mill-sail. Miscalculating the enemy's strength, secure in the certainty that a blow from his own glove must be a severe one, he trusts mainly to brute force and extremely hard hitting, whereas Mostyn, cool and wary, acts principally on the defensive. He bides his time. Mentally cool, that is, for both combatants are pouring with perspi- ration. Even in a cold July boxing is hardly a seasonable amusement. There is no great advantage at first, appa- rently. Once Mostyn falls; his foot slips, and a shower of blows, although parried, bears him to the ground. And several times he has been struck, generally upon the forehead. About the same number of strokes have told on either side. But there is the important difference: Ferrars' blows have been planted successfully by reason of his superior, height and length of arm. They have descended upon the upper part of the head, often when their strength was almost spent. Whereas Mostyn's strokes are delivered with sledge-hammer force, straight from the shoulder. They are often planted fairly in the centre of the face, and several times they cut the viscount 'clean off his legs,' as Jim would put it. The arena is the interior of an outbuilding used as an occasional coach-house. It has a floor of hardened earth, and to fall upon it is a very different thing to being stretched upon the soft green turf. Lord Ferrars rises each time considerably confused. and shaken. His nose is bleeding, his eyes feel somewhat inflamed, and there is an unpleasant soreness about the cheek bones. And now, to Jim the helper, the fun becomes fast and furious. Unobserved in the excitement he takes a long pull at the forgotten tankard, draws the sleeve of his coat across his mouth, and looks on ex- citedly. There is this marked contrast between the boxers, that the face of one is flushed and distorted with impotent rage, which, al- though it may lend momentarily increased strength, assuredly lessens precision; whilst that of the other is pale and calm. But not the less is there determined pur- pose in Mostyn's watchful eye. So surely as opportunity offers, whether through a mis- leading feint or a slight loss of balance, or an instant's carelessness in the delivery of a blow meant to be effectual, the soft glove driven with Herculean strength does its work, and Lord Ferrars measures his length on the floor. The latter has a slight advantage. A driving blow is slightly turned aside by an unskilful parry, and Mostyn's thumb instead of his knuckle meets the viscount's eye. The eye is half closed by the shock. It will be black to-morrow, but meanwhile the striker's thumb is temporarily sprained and disabled; his right hand is almost powerless. For a minute or two he must act solely on the defensive. Lord Ferrars perceives it, and does his utmost to break the one-handed guard. And now the previous husbanding of Mostyn's strength stands him in good stead. He circles rapidly round and round his blown and breathless pursuer, with an agility which prevents the latter from coming to close quarters. If he can only gain a little time, the acute pain the thumb causes will cease. The ruse is successful. The instant Lord Ferrars pauses, from sheer inability to main- tain such violent exertion, is the very one in which, with a glow of anticipatory triumph, he may resume hostilities. It is the crisis of the contest. His blows fall like hail, and now the de- fence is feeble. They beat down the guard —they half blind the young nobleman. With cruel precision they pour in and crash upon nose, eyes and forehead. In vain the vic- tim retreats step by step. The full strength of that powerful right arm, which just now was almost useless, seems to lift him quite off his feet with one final drive full on the chin, and in falling his head comes with a dull thud against the wall. One groan and he lies motionless. A terrible fear seizes the victor. 'Jim,' he says, and his voice sounds hoarse and altered, 'take your master's feet. Let us carry him to the threshold. The fresh air will revive him.' Oh, that it may—that this fearful stillness may have no fatal meaning. The helper throws back the wide doors. The summer rain still falls steadily. A brief sentence from an old book he was reading only yesterday flashes into his mind. 'Happy the dead that the rain raineth on.' 'My God!' he prays, in silent agony, 'Not that—not that.' A slim figure in a waterproof is passing; a young girl whose reckless movements are not to be controlled by weather when the whim seizes her to wander out of doors. A girl whose fair cheeks blanch with white fear at the sight of the two men bearing that uncon- scious burden, who sinks on the wet thres- hold and takes the livid head all smeared with blood in her lap. It is Lady Clare. 'Is this your vengeance ?' she hisses. ' Is it for this you bore his insults so patiently for a time ? Is it for this you have smiled so scornfully and curbed your fierce temper day by day because the hour of dastardly retri- bution had not yet come? Mostyn Howard, you are my brother's murderer. CHAPTER IX. Within three minutes' drive or five minutes' walk of the most fashionable square in London there stands a quiet house in a quiet street, a house whose appearance is in nowise remarkable, save for its extreme re- spectability. In an unobtrusive but pleasant manner it insists upon your recognition of this attribute. The immense brass knocker hammers the fact into you, the massive stone steps which lead to the knocker inspire you with worship- ful admiration. "Eminently respectable" seems to be written in large characters on the breadth of front, that 'he who runs may read.' 'It is a sleepy looking house, with its blink- ing windows, the green venetian blinds of which are always drawn partly down, like half-shut eyelids. It is a house of retiring disposition, for it stands well back from the quiet street, and interposes a row of brass- tipped, arrow-headed railings between itself and an inquisitive public. It seems to dwell beneath the protecting arm of the law and in the odour of sanctity, for on its left are rarely-used police courts, and on its right is a little, mouldy, forgotten church, where an indifferent clergyman preaches one indifferent sermon every Sunday to about a dozen in- different hearers. The sleepy house dozes all day, giving hardly a sign of life. At 10 p.m. it shows faint symptoms of returning animation, from 11 p.m. to 3 in the morning its gates are thrown open, its windows are ablaze with light, the rattle and roar of carriages that come and go make the quiet street very noisy indeed. But still the air of respectability is preserved. They are not vulgar hansoms or plebeian cabs that break the stillness, but snug equipages and well-appointed broughams; and though the dwellers to right and left turn on their beds and grumble a little to themselves about broken rest, they do not complain. The respectable house is spoken of to their friends with mysterious complacency, with solemn nods and profound head-shakings. It is supposed to be used for grave political con- ferences; it is believed to be the property of the Opposition leader; the ex-chancellor of the exchequer and a disaffected secretary for Ireland have been seen walking up the mas- sive steps together, arm in arm, talking state secrets. ' It is just midnight—a calm June mid- night—in which the sky is a bejewelled dome of darkest blue in the distant country, and the silence of sleeping nature would be un- broken but for the nightingales who pipe their love calls to each other from amidst dark shadows of leafy boughs. Sir John Darrell, walking down the quiet street, looking through the eternal smoke cloud to serene planets and twinkling suns, listening to a policeman's footfall, is con- scious of a longing to escape from the long, unbroken ranks of houses, from the foul air, from the everlasting din of the great city. He resolves that on the morrow he will leave town for Freston Castle. Meanwhile, he has business to transact. He turns in at the arrow-headed gates, which stand invitingly open, runs up the big steps like one who is accustomed to them, and executes upon the brass knocker a bar or two of difficult and peculiar staccato music. It acts magically as the Eastern 'open sesame.' The door flies back, apparently by no human agency. Closing it carefully behind him, he steps into Egyptian darkness. It is peculiar, to say at least, that although every window in the house is brilliantly illuminated, the entrance hall, into which guest after guest has passed, is black as Erebus. But the visitor is by no means dis- concerted. With fearless footsteps he takes half a dozen paces to the right and runs his hand lightly along the wall until it reaches the third door. Here he repeats with his knuckles the staccato passage, and the same result follows, with this difference: that he walks into a small lighted apartment, the principal articles of furniture in which are a luxurious easy chair and a clock. In the chair sits a man, dressed in sad- coloured livery, a man with the muscular development of a gladiator, the eye of a hawk, and the respectful repose of feature peculiar to a well-trained upper servant. He rises to his feet as Sir John enters. 'Member of the club, sir?' Had an automaton pronounced the words they could not be uttered in a more common- place tone, but the hawk eyes take in every detail of the visitor's costume, and scrutinise every feature of his countenance. A former member. I come by appoint- ment to meet Mr. Brabazon.' 'He has not yet arrived, sir. Will you be pleased to wait ?' And the man in livery indicates, with a slight gesture, the seat he has quitted. 'I will await him in the billiard-room.' And St. John takes two steps towards some curtains opposite. With the same composed and respectful gravity of feature, with a quick, gliding movement, so easy that it has no appearance of undue haste, the man in livery intercepts him, stationing his powerful frame immedi- ately before the curtains. ' With your permission, sir, I will summon Mr. De Lancey.' He does not pause for permission, if the pressure of his great fist upon a knob con- cealed by the scarlet folds be the summons of which he speaks. Apparently it is, for in a few seconds the curtains are parted in the middle, and a gen- tleman emerges. A well-preserved gentleman, whose daz- zling teeth are miracles of whiteness, whose curly brown locks are so carefully arranged they might almost be a wig, whose youthful figure and faultless coat are triumphs of his tailor's skill, whose delicate complexion and rosy bloom a London belle might envy. He comes forward with outstretched hands and beaming face. 'Ah ! Dawwell, deah boy, awfully glad to see you again. Positively charmed, I am sure, bay Jove. Why do you not come through ?' St. John is looking away carelessly, as though unobservant of the proffered hand. A steely glitter comes into the well- preserved gentleman's eyes as he thrusts it into his pocket; a look somewhat at variance with the continued display of ivory. 'I would have done so, but your new Cer- berus seems naturally suspicious of a stran- ger. ' Cerberus? Haw? Haw ? Vewy good, Classic allusion—eh ? Cerberus—a watch dawg of—of— ' 'Precisely!' says St. John, sternly. 'Of a modern 'hell,' if you like, Mr. De Lancey, I want Brabazon; where is he?' 'Weally, Dawwell, I am not Bwabazon's keeper. Wish I were, bay Jove. ' Pwetty pickings to be made in that post, I reckon, eh ? a Darby Day every week. Some fellah fleeced him outwageously last wace I am told,' and, the speaker's eyes glitter again, maliciously. 'I won five thousand of him,' says St. John, with a haughty emphasis. The ex- pression fleeced is hardly a happy one, Mr. De Lancey.' 'Pooh—pooh—what's in a name, deah boy ? ' Where the cawcase is there will the eagles be gathered together.' Isn't that Scwipture, or Kowan, or Talmud, eh? Bwabazon's cawcase has been pweyed on pwetty considerably, but there is plenty left still for the eagles.' ' He arranged to meet me here to-night at twelve.' 'Come through to the billiard-woom,' says the well-preserved gentleman, disappearing amongst the curtains, and St. John follows. Passing through a room the same size as the one they have quitted, they find them- selves in a large apartment, fitted up with a dozen magnificent billiard tables. Men in shirt sleeves walk round them, eagerly intent upon the game. Other men, in all varieties of costumes, from riding boots and leggings to careful evening dress, sit upon a soft, morocco-covered bench that would encircle the room were it not broken for a few yards by a long refreshment buffet, on which stand piles of plates, rows of bottles, baskets of knives and forks, and eatables of every de- scription. A peculiarity that might attract a tyro's attention is the entire absence of servants. Everyone seems to help himself as a matter of course to all he requires. One man cools his parched lips with a bunch of grapes, and another tosses down a bumper of champagne, another is making a substantial meal of cold fowl and ham; but the number of people at the buffet is in ludicrous disproportion to that of excited players and equally excited spectators. There is curiously little conversation. An occasional suppressed oath, ejaculated under the breath, is heard by everyone within a dozen yards, and excites momentary scornful interest. It comes, probably, from somebody who has lost the lowest stake for which a game is played—ten pounds, that is. When hundreds hang upon a delicate stroke of the cue it is made and the result is noted for the most part in perfect silence. St. John Darrell bestows and receives a few careless nods of recognition, and stops at length by a table round which are walking, cues in hand, a young fellow with receding chin and weak, patrician face, and a well-got- up old man who bears a striking resemblance in general appearance to Mr. De Lancey. The game stands 95-90 and it is the old man's turn to play ' Darrell,' whispers the young fellow, eagerly, 'if the major misses his stroke the game is mine, for the balls are sure to leave well.' ' How much ?' asks St. John, laconically. 'A level hundred.' 'He will not miss,' prophesies St. John, as the major draws back his hand for a diffi- cult following stroke. 'Cannon—pocket off the red—pocket again! Cannon—game,' says a friend of the players, who is marking. ' Thanks. I will not play again to-night, major,' and the loser counts a little packet of notes and hands them to his opponent. The major thrusts them carelessly into his waist- coat pocket uncounted and walks to the peg where his coat hangs. Taking it down, with his back turned to the party he has left, he examines his gains with greedy, gloating eyes, under the impression that he is doing so unobserved. ' How much has he won of you this even- ing in all?' '"Two hundred and fifty. It is very odd. I headed him entirely through the last game, until I missed an easy stroke within five of the hundred, and he won by a break of ten; I have a great mind to challenge him to another,' and the speaker takes a step for- ward. St. John's restraining hand is laid on his shoulder. ' Not so fast, mon cher. The major could give forty in a hundred and beat you easily. He suits play to his opponent. Have you paid two hundred and fifty pounds for the lesson and not learned it yet ?' ' Ah, Darrell, how, do you do ? 'I am a quarter of an hour late, I fear.'' 'No one but a ghost is supposed to appear with the stroke of the clock. Besides you had a burden to carry, Brabazon.' 'Not a very heavy one,' and Mr. Brabazon produces a neat pocketbook. 'Two five hun- dreds, and four thousands, all crisp and clean. Five thou' in all—not a bad pull for you Dar- rell.' But rather too much for any other man to lose so complacently,' replies St. John, pointing the compliment with a courteous bow. ' Pray do not give me more credit that I deserve. I dropped only eleven hundred over the Derby for I had hedged to the tune of four thou'.' 'Can we awwange a game in the next woom, gentlemen? A wubber at whist for instance, asks Mr. De Lancey's bland voice. He has crept up during the interview, and has read over St John's shoulder the amount of the notes, with glittering, covetous eyes. 'As you will,' says Mr. Brabazon, yawning. ' What do you say, Darrell?'' ' What I said when I resigned membership, that I would never again take a hand at cards or handle a cue at billiards under this roof.' 'Wather inconsistent and unusual,' sneers Mr. De Lancey, 'to make use of the woof to weceive debts of honour under,' and after wards to take a high mowal stand against disgorging any of the money, or giving the loser his wevenge.' Unseen, St John's white-ringed hand clenches at the taunt, but his manner as he turns to the speaker is a model of unruffled and elaborate politeness. ' May I ask, Mr. De Lancey, whether you feel personally aggrieved that I refuse to join you at cards?' The quiet words are so distinct and in- cisive a few men standing near drift towards the little group, and one nudges his neigh- bour, gleefully. He has heard Darrell's ordinary languid drawl exchanged for those calm, clear tones before, and opines that De Lancey is in for it. ' Aw—I feel aggwieved, both personally and as a member of the club.' 'Then I am willing to satisfy you by staking any sum up to five thousand pounds upon a game of chance with you, provided I may choose that game.' Mr. De Lancey rapidly runs over in his mind the resources of the estab- lishment. He knows that there are conveniences for almost every kind of gambling practised in civilised society, but he knows that at all these games he is St. John's master, save at whist and billiards. 'Name the game.' "Before I do so,' says St. John, emphati- cally, ' I would refresh your memory with regard to an old rule of the club, 'No mem- ber shall at any time stake more upon a game than he may have upon him in gold or specie.' A smile appears upon the faces of the listeners. Mr. De Lancey has not only fre- quently violated this rule, but he had at times been known to ask the grace of a few weeks or even months before he could pay his debts of honour. ' Are you twying to iwwitate or to insult me, sah ?' he asks, furiously, Neither, but merely to suggest you may not have five thousand pence in your im- mediate possession.' At this candid statement the smile of the bystanders becomes a laugh. There is not a man but holds a similar opinion. The well- preserved one is not a favourite, and the opportunity to chaff him is too good to be lost. 'Turn out your pockets De Lancey.' 'Fetch out the cash box, old man.' 'Where are your government securities?' drawls an exquisite. At the last sally there is a perfect roar. It is known that once, for a debt of two thousand pounds, Mr. De Lancey deposited foreign bonds for a similar amount. They were repudiated obligations of some little South American state, the market value being about one hundred and ten pounds. The victim looks angrily around at the circle of mocking faces, and thinks he has it in his power to cause a 'sensation.' 'If you permit me to wetire for a moment to the stwong-woom,' he responds, loftily, 'I may be able to content you, gentlemen.' The 'stwong-woom' is a small bricked recess, closed by a heavy iron door. It con- tains only a patent safe, of which Mr. De Lancey has been custodian for about two years. The safe is occasionally used to receive any unusual winnings, when the lucky owner may deem it imprudent to carry them through London streets during the small hours of the morning. Since Mr. De Lancey's installation in the 'respectable house' his province has been to occupy handsomely furnished apartments in it, to be on duty every night from eleven to three, to interview any non-member who may present himself unaccompanied, to guard zealously against any accident that may betray the real character of the institu- tion—the most fashionable private 'hell' in London—and to spend part of the hand- some sum voted by the committee for wines and viands, pocketing the surplus. In the two years he has netted just five thousand pounds. A few hundreds of this amount would be the surplus spoken of, the remainder represents winnings. Hardly a night but he retires to rest richer by a few sovereigns or a few notes, wrested from an inferior player in those games of mingled skill and chance of which he is an adept. He opens the safe, takes out a tiny cash. box, unlocks it, and produces a small bundle of notes. For a moment he stands irresolute, debating the expediency of publishing his comparative wealth to men acquainted with the shifts and straits of former days. The irresolution is but momentary. The gibes of the mockers ring still in his ears, a vision of those clean, crisp notes he saw St, John count set his pulse beating with covetous excitement. If he could only add them to this roll. Ten thousand pounds in all. A fortune. Upon the interest of ten thousand pounds, carefully invested, he could live creditably and honourably in some peaceful English villa, or German schloss , or Italian palazzo. He could escape from the society of men who know the straits, the follies, the villainies of his career; who do not tolerate him at best, who snub him when he attempts familiarity, and reject his outstretched hand of friendship, as this accursed St. John Darrell did just now. He could quit a life of false excitement and hollow gaiety, he could create for him- self a home and good reputation; he could patch up his feebled frame, do works of charity, make his peace with Heaven perhaps, if he had but ten thousand pounds. So he reasons, and all the time there is an instinct strong within him urging him to take his worldly all and stake it against that little roll of paper in St. John's pocket-book. It is the instinct of a gambler, and all his life he has obeyed it. Long years ago, when he possessed a fair name and a good estate, it stripped and left him bare. He was mercilessly plucked, and when the poor 'pigeon' had lost all his feathers he assumed a new plumage and became a ' rook.' The instinct is as strong as ever, but he follows it warily, and the fruits of his wariness are five thousand pounds. If he could but make them ten! Hesitation is over. With swift steps he passes into the billiard- room. St. John is nowhere to be seen. His prey has escaped. A lounger looks up as he passes. 'De Lancey, they are waiting for you in the 'Kursaal.": The 'Kursaal' is a large chamber set apart for tables similar to those which made Baden-Baden famous years ago. Here he finds St. John the centre of an interested group, who evidently anticipate fun of some kind; although they are doubtful as to its nature. Mr. De Lancey thrusts his packet into St. John's hands. ' Do me—aw—the favour—aw—to count them,' he says, loftily. St. John turns over the crumpled sheets. ' There are ten notes of five hundred pounds each.' ' Pwecisely. They settle the question of playing against money in your opponent's immediate possession I take it. What is the game to be?' 'A very simple one. You shall select any particular card upon which to stake, and I will name another of tbe same suit. Bra- bazon shall shuffle, we will each cut, and he shall turn up the pack one by one. If your card appears first you win the stakes, or vice versa.' 'It is not a game at all,' exclaims Mr. De Lancey, aghast. It is simply a question of luck.' 'A fact of which I am perfectly aware. I would rather not pit my skill against yours, Mr. De Lancey. We do not enjoy equal reputation.' A quiet laugh runs round the circle; the inuendo is well understood. Its object turns white with rage under his rouge. Like most gamblers he is superstitious— all the evening he has been playing, contrary to his wont, games in which luck wins rather than skill, and his good fortune has been ex- traordinary. 'I will play,' he says, 'although I do not admire your game. What are the stakes to be? ' 'Five thousand pounds, if you will, re- joins his opponent, carelessly. TO BE CONTINUED. 'Professor Bishof, who recently died in St. Petersburg, was one of the most ardent opponents of the emancipation of women and a thorough believer in the theory that women are inferior to men, because their brains, as a rule, are smaller, He was wont to say that while the average weight of the male brain was 1350 grams that of the female brain was "only 1250 grams." After Bishof's death his own brain was weighed and was found to turn the scale at 1245 grams—five grams less than the average female brain. New South Wales Supreme Court Judges get £10 10s a day when travelling, in ad- dition to a free pass. This is nothing short of misuse of State funds. Judge Windeyer took 21 days to go to Broken Hill recently, and he sent in a bill for £210. And still the taxpayer stands it like a lamb. Printed and published by Thomas Daniel, sole proprietor, at the Evening Penny Post Printing Office, Auburn- street, Goulburn. 