The Children's Column. THE BASHFUL -BUNYIP. ', ; I L (CONTINUED. Y Alice '¿wpnt willingly enough -with the kind 'roói^ut foünd it impos»ible to' walk hand*in-hand, .or even keep step with him. She hurried so that eke got red in the face, for the aun 'was very hot, -and at last she ran ; \ but- it was no use. .. ";I have 'often heard of ./-a springy gait," thought poor breathless Alice, M but 1 had no idea how fatiguing-/it ,wasi: , Why,* the Bounding Brothers* a^the CrystalvPalace were lumps of lead í tóH- thié. I heard a young ; mah called * à bounder* the other day. I sup- posé that is a kangaroo-ism 1" ' At last, in d espair, ; she said, " I think it would he better if you took one step and then waited for your partner, like dancing you know. Perhaps your -mama -never, took you to a dancing academy P Not that it mat- ters, of course,*', added Alice .hastily, " for I am sure you' walk beautifully-rin your own way I ; mean--hut I notice you don't turn your toes -put.'* " Step !" replied the old man scornfully. . " I should soon go to the "dogs - if I toddled along like you. I make the pace, and-it takes a good horse or hound to t even -know1 which way I've gone. Wby^/ they icall ;me the flier," and gathering bimnelf ' up he took > a' flying leap over some fallen timber,- and vanished out of .sight, .though Alice could still hear the ««;thud " of his -great hind feet. Pre- sently he.canie hopping back, quite amiable again, and their progress after-this was inore comfortable, for the 'roo would take a gentle hop, and then wait for his little companion, * watching > her benevolently out of hi's soft black> «yes, and some- times nibbling the young ¡scrub shoots or snatching a handful of grass. Plodding on, her. hands full: of -the pretty flowers ehe could hot resist picking, although she knew they would fade in this heat, Alice suddenly saw a lo vely red and green parrot which flew . in front of her and settled on a dead tree. " Oh, look»' she cried,, point- ing, " how did it get out ?" " Get out," said the !roo. " Get put of what ?" " Of its cage,'' said Alice, excitedly. " Oh, what a pity! Can't we catch it again? Perhaps it's a talker." Here the parrot flew away, Screaming as itèrent. " There doesn't seem any dou'bt about its being a talker," said the old man drily. " You evidently don't -knew much about my neighbors in'these parts. Would you like to make the acquaintance of a bear P" " Not unless we were safely perched in a good high tree," replied Alice, very much alarmed. " I've often seen them in the * Zoo, you know, but then they were down in à ¿pit, and you gaye them buns." " Our bears don't eat buns," said the 'roo in a superior tone, »« they are vegetarians and live by gumption. As to getting up into a tree to avoid them, why that's exactly where they are. Look1". This made Alice look up into a big tree, where, wedged in a "fork, with its back against the trunk, was what looked like a ball of greyish-brown fur. " Are you sure that's a bear ?" asked Alice politely, «« it is so vèry small to what I've been used to." " Can't help that," said the 'roo rather * rudely, " throw up a stick." Alice did what she was told, and after several muff shots managed to hit her màrk. The bear moved, turned his head, and looked down at them, twitched an ear, and Settled back into his angle "with a barking grunt. " Oh, What funny little eyes you've got," cried Alice, " and how lazy you are. Wake up and talk, it's not bed time yet for ever so long." «'No, no," said the 'roo, "let him alone, you'd be sleepy if you'd been up all night." " But why can't he sleep ?" asked'Alice sympathetically, " if »it was indigestion, a few drope of eucalyptus on a lump of -." The 'roo waved his funny little hands and chuckled " That would be like giving you a slice of bread and butter for physic-he lives on gum leaves does the monkey-bear !" " How you do mix things up," said Alice a little fretfully, for she did not like her advice being made fun of. " If it's a bear, how can it be a monkey ?" " Haven't you ever heard of combinations ?" said the 'roo. " Oh, yes," said Alice hastily and blushing, for she was conscious of havinnr got them on, " but," anxious to change the subject, " why does the -monkey, » np, i^the -bear, or whatever it is, tit up so lateP" * Some people say he isn' t a bear at all, but a sloth,"«weht \- on~ the-'roo remorselessly ; " anyhow, he is one of the very best sleepers that eyer was known, and he sleeps so hard¿thatr-he wears all the nap off his. poor dear back, and this has made him so thick-skinned that nothing puts him out, not even à bullet. He says the daylight hurts his eyes, and ' so, as a duty to his family, he he keeps them shut tili the sun, goes down, when he rouses, up to hunt about for tender leaves for his supper and take a little gentle exercise by starlight. Do you see these scratches in the bark ? That is the stair- case he comes up and down ?" "I don't think he is at all an interesting person and very ?elfish,", said Alice, who was rather offended that the bear had taken no notice of her,, and who had also got a crick in her. neck from looking up at him. " Well, I've told you all the tale there is about.him," said the old man, yawning, and they went on again through the beautiful wood and the bright fresh blossoms till they came to the creek, and by now Alice was so tired and footsore and thirsty, that she begged the 'roo to let her rest a little. She made a cup oj her hands and drank of the cool sparkling water, while he flung himself down on his side, with, his great thick tail laid out straight on the grass. He looked so awkward and helpless on the ground that Alice, who was a kind- hearted little: girl, was afraid to let her eyes rest on him for fear she should' laugh,.so she sat down on a mossy rock fanning her sun-scorched face with a fern leaf, and began to look round her for something to talk about. She, had never seen such a lovely place as the little glen they were in. The clear brown water of the brook came tripping down la stairway of rock, making a musical' little sound as if it were' trying to speak butjcouldn't because it lisped so. Bending down to it were trails of bright-green moss and ferns and sprays of creeping plants. The little pools had floating on them showers of white jétala ^shaken1 from' the flowering shrubs above, and the beautiful trèe-f erna" shot up on the banks and'spread out their frond« like umbrellas, of green lace. It. waa ?prettier than a transformation scene Alice ^hadonce < seen in a pantomimedand' it looked1 ever7 soiaiüch? hiore7 real* arid'Nirhen two, pink * and grey parrots alighted in.,* young tree opposite to her and looked at her with their bright beady eyes Alice thought how stupid she had been not't© find out before that Australia wa of the story books I Would the kangaroo turn' into the handsome prince, or the fairy godmother ? She-stole"--a 'look at -him, but he seemed nearly asleep and was lazily scratching his arm in a very unromantic manner. Hearing something - like the ghost of a " hum " at her elbow, she turned her head and saw» a gigantic ant striking an attitude on the ' rock and evidently 'try- ing to attraöt her Attention, Atice'had never seen such a monster ant and felt rather afraid bf him ; but he waved his feelers re>assuringly, and1 raising «one bf his forefeet, began to sing in a nipping little voice THE BITE OP THE BOLD BULL-ANT I I am king of the bold bull-ants, , And . who shall stand in my way ? I'll whistle: thé tune' for his dance Who'll cross stings'with'me any day ! I'm only'an inch long at most, But I'll fight you whatever your siie, , I'll savagely bite till you give up the ghost So you'll let me alone if you're wise ! I'm the tiger of insects, I warn you, You may cut me in bits if you can ; Even then Fil manage to thorn you, I'm the dread' of susceptible man ! (To be Continued.) '--A '-' ? ' - Mr. Swinburne works very erratically, and* always declares that he could -never do ordered work. If this is true lt "would certainly put an end to any possibility of his ultimatëly'hecomin'g'''Pôét<:lJà¥rëlate, for one of the tasks that functionary has to perform is that of writing to>order odes on all public évente. ' 