GHOST LT FIHSS. BPBINO OP ANYWHERE. f Toronto Olnbe, 11th November.) The Ontario Gleaner, a newsy little par, published at Cannington, printed in its ies of Thursday last an extraordinary story, weird, ghostly, and uncanny that the peor, of thc neighbourhood rubbed their eyes HI shook themselves before they could belie that they were reading what purported ta I a plain statement of fact of the present da' Two of the Toronto morning popers repul lished the story in «juestiou from The Gleatic but mode no attempt to explain the mysterj The Globe investigated the case on Ra turill! with «oma curious results... This is tho stor in brief as first given to the public : That the house of Mr. Robert Dawson, farmeraliviug on lot 17, con. I, ThoraJi about three miles from. Beaverton, and «eve. from Cannington, had been the scene o the most creepy, unholy .manifestations' « an invisible but destroying iuflnencei tba hod boen .heard, of in the .history : of th country. ? Mysterious fire« hod barned witjiu the house, had played upon tho walls, upoi the ceiling, and' .-npon the floors. Litth tongues of flame had. burned with' hissiui crackle in all corners of the house. Nothing escaped the gruesome visitation. Toweh were burning up, wood «vas vanishing away, and oh 1 the very cats were singeing. At many as fifty fires had occurred in the house tn'one day, sud; most remarkable of all, these petrifying performances all took place in daylight. To odd to the mysterious awful- ness of these reports, it was stated that a -i freing,girl Vwanu .-was connected with the mystery. " The editor of The'Ontario Gleaner hod himself visited the ghostly, haunt, and found the majority of the stories to be true. $9» editor of O'lx Gleaner drove ont .from Cannington to*the 'haunted hou»«, which, was a somewhat aucient structure built of logs, and met the young lady whose name was oonnectcd- "with1 the- mysterious -proceed- ings. He describes her -os - being a' smart, bright girl of about fourteen years of age. She was the adopted daughter of Air. and Mrs. Dawson, having been brought out from Scotland when only a few years old. Her real uame «ras Jennie. B. Bramwell, but sinne coining to the Dawsons she bad adopted lier foster parents' name. She had just recovered from a serious attack of brain fever when the mysterious fires -broke oat,*nd che folks in the district imagined «be was in some way connected with the mysteries. The editor was shown over the house, and then Mrs.--Dawson-related-thr*folio wing story to the astonished gentleman : On Monday afternoon, the 25th of Octobi «be and her husband went to a neighbou, to ?pend a few hours, and on returning hon fn'tbeeveiunf; dennie informed them that t house bad been on fire, and pointed out tl place-near the chimney. Mr. Dawson, thin nut that there might «Uli bo «ame Ure. arour the chimney; nmiainednpsJl night to watch i but nothing occurred during the. night Aft breakfast on Tuesday morning'Mr. Dawst went out to the barn to load some grain I taite to.market, and Mrs."Dawson 'also iwei «mtínto-the yard. They'had scarcely left tl house when the girl Jennie came out shoutin sjke^rbise^rat «gain un ?fire.' Aio lentering tl hense-'they-found that. the. west gable ena wa orrfire. With «be aid of water tho «ire u| etatirsupae extinguished/ but no «doner ha that' been accomplished than the .fire brok out in several-places on the 'wall >n the roon in the lower fiat, «nd while extinguishing i therà&tagain; brokenntcfn tbewallin anotbe room in the east end-there being no visihl connection between »ny of the . fires. The' flnaUy sueeeedod,>.withithe. assistance of som neighbours, in getting the fire extinguished (Ehe xi ext day-the'fire again broke out, And, a on the former day, wheo it was exlinguishei in one place it -would soddenly break out ii «ome<Jtberj>lace several feet «way. Os om occasion, while the fire was buming at the ex treme west «nd of the house, a picture »hang lng on the wall at - the opposite end of tin house suddenly took fire and- was consumed before their eyes. On examination it wai found' there was: no - tire- near it. Thi family had now become thoroughly aroused and after succeeding in extinguishing the tiro Jtbsy moved the stove from tho house, es they had an idea that the fire was .coated , hy it But the removal ol thetstove bad no effect, as OD the following dayi-T-hursday-the: fire again broke out Xyilla .sitting looking at. the wall, fire would suddenly break "out oh it j. a «tick of wood lying in the .old: summer kitchen suddenly took fire, and was partly consumed ; a piece «rf paper pulled from the wall and thrown ou tb«: 4 Joor would immediately take fire and bum up. A towel which Mr». Dawson li been wring to wipe a table with on bei thrown on'to another táblo-suddenly toi fire, and would have been consumed had n water been thrown over it, and a bask hanging in the woodshed also took fire, peculiar thing connected with these fires w that as soon -as any of the burning dutnbc paper, doth or wood {no matter how furious they were burning in-tho house) was thron outside, the fire-would immediately die ou After all- tba fires had been extinguished, Mr Dawson pulled & piece of' paper tram the wa and rolled it up in a piece of olufmuslin drcs and dropped it on the centre of the floor, am accompanied by Mrs. Dawson and thc rest < the family, stepped outside to see tl result. No sooner had they stepped ot of thc door than the muslin and tl paper became ignited and burned furious); Friday was no exception-in. fact tl fire was ten times as bad-there bein nearly fifty fires in different places of thc bout that day. But the climax was reached o Saturday when a kitten, which was lying i the centre of the floor of ono of thc roomi became.enwrapped in fiamos and rushed on into the orchard, where the Haines-like tho on the wood, paper, otc-Immediately die ont. .On ithe'ikitten being examined ft wu foiin'd that the hair, on its back was liadl singed. Thé fires tn the house also broke ou twice that day, but since then everything ho -been quiet. Mri. Dawson, to provo what sh ?aid, showed us the towel, basket,' kitten, etc. which had fio mysteriously taken fire, ani everything, was- os she had «tated. Th kitten, which we examined closely, was badi; singed. Mr." John'1 Shier, brother of Mr Dawson, was also present and corroboratci which his sister/thad told us, as did also tin girl Jennie. Mr. Shier also added "tba when he was first told of the fires bc JUB laughed, and so lightly did he treat it that hi .did not visit tiio place till .Wednesday and sa« .-the mysterious fires himself." Ho was then 'when the cat took on fire and when the liner anil towel wore burned, but neither he noi Mrs. Dawson or any other of the membeii of thc family could in any wuy account foi the origin of the«e Ans. Neither can any of the neighbours who were at the fires. Sneh is the story aa told by thc editor of Tho Ontario Gleaner. Filled with an am- bition to know more of these things and to probe the mystery to its lowest dopth, The Globe, in a beautiful spirit of self-sacrifice, resolved to oiler up one of the most valued of ita reporters on the altar of duty and despatch him to til« witch's . pot-a sacrifice for the healing of tho nation. For reasons that will Ercscntly appear the young hero is still in fe, and has returned apparently in full possession of Iiis mental fucultics. Let thÍH young Isaac now relate his experience l'- on arriving at Beaverton, which ia thc nearest B tat inn to Mr. Dawson's farm, I at once began to make inquiries as to any further developments that might have taken place at tho haunted house, but could get but littlo information. One thing, however, I did ascertain, and that was that the young lady whose name had been connected with the mysteries hod been taken back to Brook- ville to tho home elie liad originally been taken from when Mr. und Mrs. Dawson had adopted her ; and Hinco her removal no further manifestations had occurred. This seemed a most significant fact, and on inquiry I found that Mr. and Mrs. Dawson had at last become convinced that their adopted daughter had been the solo cause of thu mysterious fires, us, indeed, had nil tho neighbours who had witnessed thc ex- traordinary scene. Further thou that I could hear nothing, so I resolved to drive out to Mr. Dawson's house to see for myself. On arriving at thc farm I w»B met by Mr. DuwsonT ii pleasant, intelligent looking mun, uiio kiudly invited mc to step in end see thc house. I wne at once struck by thc appearance of thc whole place. Close to the chimney, on the outside, the boards ware blackened and charred evidence that a fire had started and been put out. All around the house were scattered boards .and planks which had been used for partitions, strips of felt and wallpaper that had been stripped oil' ¡ tim wails, and debris of all kinds. Mr. Dawson explained that the lires had become BO numerous that in order to save thc house they hail been compelled to Btrip everything off the waits, and thc Strippings had been thrown outside. On entering thc house I met Mrs. Dawson, who showed mc over the building, which had the appearance of having been completely gutted. She showed me thc different places, tue fires had started, on the walls, in the comers, about the .floors, &c;, and there could lie no doubt that such fires hod occurred, for I tried the scorched patches on the walls »ml other Ídaces with a penknife, picking out pieces of lurut and charred wood. These patches looked exactly as if a lamp had been held against the wall for a ininu'e or two, causing the wall to be blackened and smoked, and finally to catch fire. Thc whole house looked unutterably desolate und uiiserablo paper hanging in strips from thc walls and partitions, the furniture all moved out, and everything cheerless in the extreme. I then asked Mrs. Dawson to relate exactly what had occurred, which she did, her «tory tally- ing exactly with what she had told the editor of The Ontario' Gleaner. I asked Mr. and Mrs, Dawson if they .could in any wuvoccouiit for these extraordinary fires, and they both replied that they were now convinced that they were entirely due to the work of their adopted Jennie. Mr*. Dawson appeared to be quite broken down, about the whole thing ; and no wonder, poor Boni. For exactly two weeks they had been in dread of their home being burned about their ears, and thc whole time in utter ignorance of the cause. " Why, -sir, said Mr. Dawson, '* I never used to believe in spirits or anything of that kind, but wheu these dreadful fires kept breaking out in all directions; wheu dish- cloths, firewood, and even, thc cat took fire, it really seemed as if it was a visitation of God; but now, thank Heaven; I am certain it was from human hands that all our troubles came." . I questioned Mrs. Diwson as to « hat had first, led to .suspicion being cast on her daughter, to-which' she replied' that some of the neighbours noticed that no fires occurred after thc time the girl went to bcd or until she arose in the morning; also that whenever the cry of fire was raised it was invariably in some place whore the <girT> was standing or had just left. The child waa always the first to give the alarm, and was "most zealous in her efforts to nut it out. I then asked her if the-girl had ever bad any grudge against her or her husband. Mri. lia« son had no reason to think so, and had always treated her with the greatest'affect ion-and ^kindness, ? which statement was corroborated afterwards by the neighbours. " What about thc illness of your daughter?-' leaked. "She had-alway* been a strong, healthy child," said Mrs. Dawson, " since wc got her, eleven years ago, until .'about ai month ago when she suddenly took ill. SI»would groan and writhe and scream, as if" in thc greatest agony, and then'go'off into a. species.of con- vulsions. Wc called-in Dr. Grant of Beaver- ton, who did all in hi«.power for the child, butconfewedhc could not account for hor ill- ness. On tb 3 niirht the illness reached a crisis she fall asleep, and on «wakening called meto her side, saying tlmt she had dreamed of God and of the angels iu white, who were calling her to come to them. But the girl said she was not going then, and that she hod been completely cured in her dream, and to my sur- prise," continued' ' Mrs. Dawson, "Jennie Íumped out of the bed os well and- os strong as :am." " Have you <any. reason to supposo, Mrs. Dawson, ' that yonr daughter -was not ac- countable for her actions?"-was my next question. "I never noticed anything strange about her until the last few weeks; when she would sometimes appear to be in tho greatest spirits, dancing and singing about the house, and ap- parently enjoying life immensely ; but had these fires not occurred I would never have j thought her manner peculiar further than that she was iu high spirits. Up to this point everything seemed satis- factory to thc reporter. The whole thing was a fake as far as supernatural agencies wcro concerned. It was perfectly plain-a 'half witted girl-bod walked about the house with a match, sotting light to everything abo came across whenever she was unobserved. But while hs reflected thus the vision of a 6cry cat and a red-hot duster recurred to his mind, and'once more his vertebra: wriggled and shook. What about that cat and-a-a-a that duster I" ho "asked timidly. " Herc, little pussy, come here, pussy 1" said Mr. Rawson," and a small kitten emerged from behind the door. Thc reporter took it up and found that instead of the flaming wild animal he expected, 'twas but a meek and apologetic kitten, with a few hairs slightly Binged on its back. " Did you soc thc cat on fire, Mr, Dawson !" he asked. " Yes, it run across the 'floor with its fur alight 1" " Oh, Lord, wherb did it come from !" "Well," eaid Mr. Dawson, "Jennie waa standing near it, and I had my liock to them. Jennie culled out, ' Look at tho cat !'. I turned round and saw the cat run across the floor on fire. When my wife saw it she was more frightened than ever, and screamed out to me, ' Oh, my God ! cutyour beard off." Mr. Dawson has a beard .which reaches his waist, and his wife was seriously afraid it would take tire and burn up when she Baw thc kitten alight. But to continue my story : I looked at thc dishcloth and : found two large holes burnt in it. "How did this happen!" I asked. . ? Mrs. Dawson replied : "Jennie and I were in the summer kitchen and had just wiped off tlio table with a duster and had turned round to get something, when Jennie called out that the diiBter was on fire ; and, turning i round again, I found it was so." It will he observed that up to this point tho ' evidence of thc Dawsons goes to show that to i their knowledge no fire occurred excepting ' whan tho girl WUB in the immediate vicinity. Why thin did not occur ta them before is the only genuine mystery in thc whole busi- ness. "How long did these fires continue!" I asked. " Off and on nearly ten days." And then Mr. and Mrs. Dewson related how they had fought the fires for thc first few days, getting in thc neighbours to help watch at night, when, however, no fires occurred ; nud now finally they .liad removed ¿ill their furniture, taken out tho stove, pulled down partitions and dismantled the house,- end still tho fires occurred at intervals during the Crowds of poople visited thc place, for the j awful doings had spread abroad, but strangely whenever there was a large crowd in the house the machinery ceased to work, and it was only when thc company thinned down I and there were not so .many eyes on Miss ' Jennie, that the spirits got in their work, j One old gentleman, being extremely scep- tical, caine to the seance and refused to be- j lieve anything until he had seen it with his j own eye«. He went in and sat down before ! a large wad of paper, and watched it with a j cynical smile. Presently smoke began to rise, j auld then a flame burst out of the. paper, and | with on« awful yell the old man shot out ; through the doorway. At the conclusion of i tho story I asked if there was anything against Ute girl's character they knew of, and then it carno out thc Dawson's had discovered since she left that the girl had apparently been an incorrigible little thief, and had operated in the most extraordinarily cunning way. Slie had been well educated, and could write a very good hand, aud was also able to Imitate other people's writing. She had been away visiting in Orillia, had stolen several articles wbilo there, and numberless articles - in. Beaverton. She would deceive her foster parents as to how she got these things by writing letters to them in a feigned hand, purporting tn come from friends at a distance, ami stating that they were for- warding the things as presents for Jennie. Having heard these stories corroborated by several witnesses besides thu Dawsons, 1 next tried to discover how «lie had lit so many fires without once being discovered. It seemed impossible that with a house full of ficoplc she could have struck matches to ight them with, especially ns some of the things that burned could not have been ignited with thc Haine of one match, particularly thc cat. I asked Mr. Dawson if the girl had any knowledge of chemistry, and learned that she was well versed in the rudimcuts of the science, und had only a few nights previously explained to her parents some of the chemi- cals from which hro could he struck, men- tioning phosphorus especially. That being thc case it seems reasonable that thc giri, who was seen in the druggist's shop several times, and from whom she is said to have stolen several articles, managed to procure some uhemical that she applied to various portions of the house, although hon' she applied it is difficult to sec. However, there is no doubt whatever that she is the guilty party,. and that .elie succeeded in befooling a whole distriot for over ten days. It seems almost incredible that in these enlightened days scores of people could be fouud who believed these fires to be the work of evil spirits. Having discovered that they had all been duped ny a very cunning littl* girl, many now declare that they always know it was a "fake." But up to within a few days ago there is no doubt that there existed a small panic in the neighbourhood and that many good folkB felt certain that the old log house hod been possessed by evil spirits. The medium is now in Brookville at. thc home from which she originally came, and where it is hoped she will experience manifestations that will appeal to her person in tho most startling manner. As for Beaver- ton-tho hubble hes burst. " I'll tell you why I knowed it wur Satan's work," said one of the visitors, a brother-in law of Dawson's, to the reporter. "I goes into the house, and lights a little fire meself to see what like, the smell was. My fire smelled ail right, but t'other ! oh, Lord ! it wur a h-ola stink." Over sixty people visited thc place on Sunday week, and the visitors were numerous all thc week. It is reported in select circles that Jennie had only to point her finger at thc wall, and a fire would break out at once. 