The' llarrierMines. < Tbe • Brokea - Hill mines. bave\|bad |a wayand the. other. ! Tbrtnightbeirugencya few have become ,^o]i bteyinfl jfche; dreams of avarice ;*/'jmd . - jinRny jive been left lamenting-the loss of savihgs theyjiad beeii ppttii^BMt,jFor a i T winy daj^y ^bis iwne aiiil tharmiue;.hig ;■ and littley-has.had its^eriodicalfebomi ss^ 1 ■welt Ps lia/daysofdepression ;;abd!gr^u allyone taino after another has-been | forced ont of the. field of miiiing.speculr tipn asheing (too unprofitable > to wosrk. But there was> consension of ognhioi? that. . therewere home-half-dozen mines jon the^ Barrier good- ;things, each as tbe 'Pro- j prietary mine, Bloct lO," Block' 14-, j British -Blocbe, Souths, and Junctions'; j but tfa'ese are gradually bidding fprewell j to the shareholders, and days of adver sity havecome upon them. The drought' which the ■ Barrier ' has ex perienced "during .'the \ past; four or fire " months ' necessarily!, had a -most depressing effect upon their development, but shareholders Were comforted ! by the fact- that -the -drought " could .not last forever, and * thai the day -pf run would in the fulness of time come andmake things hum again. The rain has come, and tanks and reser voirs are once-more filled, but' still-the state of mining on the Barrier is more de pressed than it ever has been. Shares, instead of booming after the magnificent fall of rub, as wag confidently anticipated, have receded in value, and investors are left to webp over their losses, and refuse to be comforted by those who,prophesied, that there was a good time coming if they only' waited a little longer. Often have sanguine, speculators in Broken' Hill Silver'mines, waited, bnt as often Have' they been disappointed; until now tb<y mnst have arrived at the conclusion that the Worst has come.. Indeed, mining speculation is hazardous in. the extreme, but .we ahonld,imagine the vicissitudes, of1 mining at" "Broken Hill": heats" the record ; and the decieion of the Directors of tbe Proprietary Mine not to pay .la dividend in .Tone can be quoted as the climax of a series of remarkable ops and downs in mining speculation. When' the shareholders read the announcement that directors had'determined not to. pay a dividend this -month'they mnst have sadly, come to the conelnsion that the unexpected always happens. Whv. they ' had every ground for antic! patitigati increase in the dividend rather than a. complete, stoppage, Tiie mine never- looked better*; the new plan of developing the mine had so far proved a brilliant success; a plentiful supply of water had tieen -obtained; there wasevery prospect of the- water difficulty being permanently' solved;; :and/ /they w.ere> ahi%nt starting a iicohcentraiing plant which ^s to add' ponsitlprably to the weekly output ; bpt/ jjotVitJlstanding such a bright and glowjng prospect' the Directors "for some irismftable reasou shattered all their hopes by determining that' the usual "Jnoptbly' diridepd should not be paid- 'I'ne necessity for establish - inij a resefye fund is the only reason given for the/non-payment of the dividend'; but it ja most unwise after a period of tempo rary depression to take such a step. Why nothave waited for a few months if they had come to the conclusion that the st. linage of, a dividend was necessary to fjjp bwildtngnpqf'ares8rvp fund ? the Directors to the Conclusion -reserve fond is necessary -fe? -conjectured 3-until * " "V[Op> ^ 48 . ....... :^td ^B|tJbnt' Pdrttpletely fhd' ore, thelMie as tha.tnauage ment appears to'tmvhJlone inBloii&Tens;, before ^ttemptingjto Meal with'-thalower class' Stuff. The^C is evidently eh'; hn menBequantity of low-grade >ore in the ."j&rriier; mines known as siilphifles; for' which/home means of treating It profitably' willbaye to be Sound, if miningoiithe "^^rierfeis not' sobn to ,become an enter .» , e Sif 'ihe past. It would .lw" certainly be judicibusmanagemBHt to'treat thelow and lu^'grSde ores in'.a mine concurrently, bythiB means equalising audj^readingthe ^^dphdk'^^r^a longer' forovjwj^ere lis aJ liinit,"tbltheptitput;andaveragedividends ■r ^ better for all in the uv. - «-».»*».-.v —-j. j ones nhd then, none ^S»^|»rebtoreof.the Proprietary Min6,''in'^e8tabliMiilig a reserve may be lookfugprudently ahead, and " thus_ con serving roe geherdjWeal|5mt theyshbuld' have taken-this Step long -ago or. post- - -poned"it -tilbai.iiwre.^ They should remember'tbat'sb tmich -con fidence has been reposed in this mine 'that' a great deal of the stock is held by legitimate investors who Idbk forward; ■froingmonth ■ioi.niopthVwitfa borne little dmu5e%, for -^le^ffividehdh,- and; do not Pare one straw for the fluctuating values of the shares so long as the in-_ terest -on- "tteir*'ipTeBtfflffirs'^iB~reguIarly * paid;;. This clsssnf factors %illvbe as seriously* inconvenienced, as .they have already.been- shocked, -in*rnot receiving their- -monthly dividends. They have just emerged -from a period of suspense, during which the Directors have' been preparing; 'shareholders I tor the 'worst should a plentiful supply;.of water not be' near at hand, '".but1 no sooner had the joyfol 'news'of the drought been received than they are again "distracted by the announcement of the non- payment of a dividend^ Not only this, but shares ate -bou'pd' to be considerably reduced in value, and investors will sell-out'reck Tessly in the scare. : Directors of such j companies should make it a first considera tion to conserve the interests of legitimate j investors, and allow speculators to look j after themselves. There is a feeling ] abroad that Mining Directors have ul- i .terior- objects in view in many of their ' .'actions, and in this extraordinary action ■ of the Broken Hill Directors the share- j holders axe almost forced to take refuge in. euch a conclusion in. 'endeavoring to ! ;fathdmjtlu3mystery. - I The monthly meeting of the Board of Management of the Narracoorte Hospital will7be held Ut':3 o'clock this "afternoon, when bnsinoss -of -importance will be bronghtforward. Mb Jakes Gordon has been appointed StipendiaryMagistrate«at Bart Adelaide.: Mt^Gbrdmi, y&o;'iff d lat^er^hhd "a'brother 1 of the. Hop.'J,' JE. Gordon, is a partner in j the legal"* 'firm" of_ Gordon, Nesbit, and j Bright. ^ _ , A CLEHtJYMiil lN THE DlTOECE COUBT. '^rH^prgeStehes^Sftn, Presbyterian- clergy man"gt Caster-torn petitioned in the Mel bourne Divorce .Court on Friday last for a' dissolution of his mhrriage with Margaret A3hrista.ll Sim on .the grounds jof desertion Since -April, 1883. ■ The r respondent filed an answer that she "had left her' hnsband o.i account of cruelty and ill-tFeatment, but did not appear at the hearing. The parties were married in Scotland in 1865. ?The Judge said it appeared that the -petitioner had coldly acted within his -legal nghts, and hut for the admission of desertion by the respondent he would have been inclined to refuse the petition, but under the circumstances there would be a The tTasmanian • Premier states that there is every probability of a reciprocity treaty being arranged between South Australia and Tasmania in. respect of' fruit, timber, and hops from Tasmania, and chiefly wine from Sonth Australia. The "S. A. Begister" is abont.to be re duced in price from 2d to Id.; and the pro prietors olaim that it will then be the cheapest, largest, and best daily paper in the colony. An earthquake shock was experienced at Hallet on Thursday night; People were awakened ont of their sleep. The Directors of the Broken Hill Pro prietory Company state that they have of Adelaide, has been appointed a Direc tor of the mine in place of Mr, W, It, Wilson, who has resigned. The Adelaide Master Batchers' Assoc iation have decided to raise the price of meat a penny per lb, ■ Mintaro Slate.—With reference to. the deputation which recently waited on the Minister of Public Works in "Victoria and pomplained that that department was giving a preference "to the Mintaro Slates,, imported from "South Australia in the erection of public buildings to the detri ment of.- the Castlemaine slate quarries, Mr, Graham has (says the "Argus") de cided that the specifications for such wbrks will be amended in future so as to allow slate of approved quality to be used irrespective of where it comes from. In consequence of this decision the specifica tions for the erection of the new Law Courts at Bendigb have been altered. Rabbit Copbsing Illegal.—A man named Harry Webber was fined £5 5s. at the Adelaide Police Court last week for coursing with rabbits on the Adelaide Park lands. The information set out that he wantonly tortured a couple of rabbits by allowing dogs to worry them. Those engaged in rabbit destruction will see the risk they run of being mulcted Jn a heavy fine. Elder, S&lith;, and Co., Limited, report having sold 400 fat crossbred ; wethers for Mr. R;'McIntyre, of Allan dale 60 fat hullocks for Mr. T. C. Ellis, ;of Benara-; and -800 wethers for Messrs. McFarlane Bros., of Qtrathdo wnie. MoPNTEDrCONSTABLE William Shegog .basdjeen appointed an 'officer of Customs at Wolseley. Immigration Limitation Act.—The following have been appointed officers '.under the Immigration Limitation Act: —Mr. Robert Moon Laker, Port Mac Donnell: Mr. H, C. Pearce, Beaehport; "Mr. G. J. Paris, Robe; ana Mr. G. H. Styles, Port @ .roline. . L. ' ' , Public Meeting'at Kobe.—The-Mais Road 'Vote.—The good people -of Robe are becoming somewhat alarmed' at the prospect of the Government .vote towards the maintenabceiisg. construction of main roads.fjbeing 'discontinued , -Sfcp District: Couheilsbn the ground that-the railways supply the ipply the; needs of the public." and; that' the Goyerhmentcahnot afford tb maintain1 railwayBiiud maid roads. :I£ th&Js; carried'; out the iwhdle burden-of road maintenance 'and construction.'will fall upon the "Dis trict Councils, and those distrrctstliat haye riot .the benefits of a^ra^way will feel jbhe "burden to beahuhusuaUy "heavy one. So fer as iailway comniunieation is concerned Roberi isolated and would -f del'any such fchdnge more than any district this side of the Murray-. With-a view to taking ener getic action in the matter, at the invita tion of Mr. W. Warren, a large and repre sentative meeting was held at the Robe Institute on Friday evening last, ; Mr. Munro was voted to the chair. Mr. War* ren read the leading article appearing in ^lio "Bpoi'eW'1 nf f lip 11 i h lilt.' hpadarl the " Register of - the 11th- nit:, headed Main Roads and Railways." In a long address he commented upon the warning givfen, clearly showing that the State could not long continue the annual ex penditure of maintenance on main roads; and that at no distant date the residents ofJSobe would be called upon to pay a 1 tax to the Government of the ict Council without receiving the ^advantages enjoyed, by all s [pslu-the district having rail way%>mmuEQicaita6nV and thereby be re lieved oftheexpen|ditn'bontheimainten ancc of inam;roaite.V Hp suggested that a committee shbuld-ipOMider the position "with a riewfeV|^lnngf^8WB^ial»^csfcion, !t9"n itiie imotipn oE>Mis"'4Grf6ssei,"' Messrs, Monro, -Pickett, Foster, Brown; and the mover were appointed. - It was resolved tbat a letter'of thanks be sent to the editor of the '1 Register" fof the timely warning be ..bad given; A vote of thanks to Mr, War ben for his "action, and a vote of thanks to the Chairman andtoAlr. Pickett, Clerk of the Council, for. taldhg-minutes, closed the meeting,. . . \- .NaAEACOOETE BfiANGH AgEJCTTLTUEAL Bureau.—The Narraeoorte Branch Agri culturalBureau held its monthly meeting on.Tuesday;-the -31st of May. There were pre^ntf—Messrs. A. Attiwill (chairman), "O. Hant. T. Brown, J. Wynes, H. Smith, and'^A."-Johnstone. The minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. A cir -c'nlaE was read from the Hon. F. E. H. W. Brichauff, M.L.C., Chairman of the Geta tral Bureau, in reference to the attitude I of the Commissioner ofAgriculture and Eduction .towards, the Bur&u;, and-the -^rimioval'-bfAMri'Cboka^ora "thbi office bf the Central Bureau. Mr. Bro wn proposed that this branch cordially'sympathise with _Mj. JIriehaul£inJihfl.tenns.of-hi8-Gircular, and will willingly render any- possible as sistance: to the Central Bureau un urging the importance of Mr. Cooke's: reinstate ment as assistant secretary. Seconded by Mr. Hunt, and carried unanimously. A letter was read, dated the 14th May, from •the Secretaiyof the Central Bureau, sug gesting the following subjects for the con sideration of branches:—Trees; most suit able' for protection belts; silos and ensi lage ; bare fallow; aiid export of butter. Consideration of these, matters was post ponied till,next meeting. NaEEACOOBTE WeSLEYAN CHURCH.— The Bev. W," G, Clarke' conducted the anniversary services, of the Narracoorte Wesleyan Chnrch on Sunday last. In the morning Mr. Clarke preached an impressive sermon fromTbe Acts,chap. 1, v. But ye. shall receive power, after that'the Holy Ghost is come upon you; and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samana, and-unto the uttermost parts of" the earth." The revl gentleman showed that Christ'had not en dowed his disciples, with physical nor in: tellectual powers, but with the simple power of goodness; and the 'great o.bject followers of Christ should' have in view in promoting the welfare of humanity spirit-: uailly and socially should be the power and influence of goodness. He took occasion to strongly denounce those who patronised and encouraged the recent display of the so-called seiehce of' pugilism between Slavin and Jackson as being brutal and demoralisidg in the extreme, and he had' no hesitation in placingshch people among' the trash and scum of humanity, no mat ter what pretensions to aristocratic birth and training they might, assume." "The true and' only'test of nobility'tras good: ness. At both the morning and evening' services several anthems were sung by the; choiry In continuation of the anniversary ] services® conversazione "will be held in | "toeiEusfitute Hall on Wednesday evening, when the proceedings will be interspersed with vocal and instrumental music, and refreshments. The Bev. • W. G. Clarke will also deliver an address on "The Church -of the future." The convert sazione will begin at 8 p.m. The Chief Commissioner of Bailways and a couple of Badical members of the New South Wales House of Assembly have been having a lively time of it together. -There nave . been two Com: missions sitting, one being . -termed the Schey Commission and the other the Baldwin Engine Commission. Schey, MJ?., has taken a strong dislike to Mr. Eddy, who is Chief Commissioner of Bail ways, and in the Honse - made-Jjerious charges against the Department, ' -S3fr. Eddy demanded the appointment " of a Judicial Commission to make thorough enquiries, and ' Mr. Schey reluctantly agreed to place the evidence he based his charges upon-' before that body." ":The whole affair is likely to end in nothing, as Schey has been unable to prove any of his charges. Mr. 'Hoyle, M.P., at - whose instance the Baldwin Engine Commission was appointed,, has been accused by Mr. Eddy of. being one- of a ring which had caused Departmental papers to be stolen^ and bad used improper means to endeavor to obtain' information. As a result of this charge Mr. Hoyle has issued a writ against Mr. Eddy, claiming £10,000 damages, Mr. Eddy has certainly a lively time of it. ; The Suspended Victoeian Commis sionebs.—The case of the suspended' Bail way Commissioners has been occupy-: ing the attention of the "Victorian Parlia ment dniing the last week, and the Government have had to give way to the growing feeling that it would be unjust to dispense with their services without giving them an opportunity of being heard in their own- defence. In the Upper House they halve decided to invite the Lower House to appoint a joint Committee to inquire into the case, but this the Assemby has rejected on the ground that j it would be an encroachment upon their j rights. It is urged that upon the result j of the inquiry would depend the fate of the Ministry, and that it would be allow- | ing the Upper House by a side-wind an j opportunity to share in the right of the Lower House to alone docide the fate of I a Ministry. Accordingly, the Assembly have declined the Council's proposal to appoint a joint Committee of Enquiry, but tney have decided to invite the suspended Commissioners to the bar of the House to make their defence. However, there is also a growing feeling that it would be well to compromise the difficulty by compensating the Commissioners' for loss of office, ana accepting their resignations. Football.—It has been arranged to play a match between the Apsley and Narracoorte teams at Apsley on Saturday next, and the Narracoorte team will be picked from the following: —Messrs. C. Martin, G. Chaplin, E, J. Chaplin, H. S. Hamilton, A. Burton, E. Howell, F, Drew, A. Schmidt, T. Krngdon, T. Artaud, W. Sprigg, TV. Young, H. Jones, H. Campbell, A. L. Bcnda, A. Rutherford, J. Edwards, N. Bethune, and W. Long. A challenge has been received from the Penqla Club to play a match with twenty representatives of the Narracoorte Club on Wednesday week, and it is probable that it will be accepted. A meeting of the members will be held this evening at the Club rooms at 7 o'clock. . ..The Wool .Market.—In their monthly ■report for May Goldsbrough, Mort & Co., Limited,."write as follows concerning the wool market:—Since the date of our last monthly summary,, . sales have been. held- in .'this market on the ,18thand,19th ' jnst'v when ; 1394 bales jWere'xsataipgued. ..Of., this quantity, 1165 bales were.sold. the^^el of Values show ing no ^lteratioh"|r6xh 'the currency ,of the previousyhonth's sales, while the .atiend .atice an.il competition, were good, and the '.time ,df,*the . market. "fairly .confident. Recent.i'inail .advices from the Loiidon market describe the "course |of the .'unex pected and rapid advance in values which occurred .dating the third week of the April-May series. The initiation of the •rise seems to Re : due to the Continental ] section ef. "the trade, influenced "by the " futures" market in ^Antwerp. The home trade, wliich At ,tbe, outset held aloof, I ultimately "camfe into the market, and the [ advanced prices were maintained until the close of the series, when prices were quoted I 5 to 10 per cent, above January-February Ijclosing rates: During the series 855,000 bales were catalogued, of which 112,000 bales were taken by the Home trade, 212,000 bales for the Continent, 11,000 bales for America, and 20,000 bales were held over for nextseries. The third series willmpen on the 14th June, the list being alrekdy closed, with a net available' quantify of 387,000 bales, This series will afford some indication of the stability of the recent rise, which, as it was not an excessive movement, while the depression proceeding it was abnormal, will, it is to : be hoped, prove of some permanency. Moreover, as pointed out in our last cir cular, the increase in production has al ready been marketed, and there is un likely to he .the pressure of supply during the latter half of the year that was ex perienced in 1891, At the moment of going'to-■ press, telegrams are to hand announcing good general falls of rain in the Western and Central divisions of Mew South Wales; the drought, has, however, been severe, and it is to be feared has .materially affected both the- growth and quantity of the ensuing clip. Riverina and the northern parts of Victoria, where the season has also been very dry, are now experiencing most beneficialrains. In the Western district of "Victoria the season has been excellent, and there is every promise of a superior clip. Rates of freight to Loidon per sailing vessel are RL per lb. for greasy, and fd. per lb. washed; and per steamer, fd. for greasy, and Jd. for wadied.. Exchange on London may be qucr-ed for 60 days' sight at I per cent, discmnt buying, and f per cent, premium selliig. Sojth Australian . Politics. — In view, of the'.'opening of' Parliament oh Thueday next politicians are retrouphing -iheir~war paint. It is said that they are rady for the fray, and that a pitched battle between the ins and outs will take place early in the session. However, the majority of the members have made their mines up" as to how they will vote, bnt the ;wo Adelaide: dailies are :prognosti catim; the situation. The " Adver tiser- states " Those well-versed in the inner: secrets of the political world state that fee Government will begin the next sessioi in a weaker condition than they ended that of last year. The departure of Sir John Bray has been a loss to them, his sejit at Bast Adelaide having been won bya member of the Opposition. It is affimied, too, that the attitude of the Premier in respect to the introduction of Indian settlers into the Northern Terri tory las resulted in the loss of the vote of the gentleman at whose instance the Assembly agreed to the motion concern ing the, carrying out at which Mr. Play ford iiade enquiries during his recent visit to India. " It is asserted that the Opposition is also disorganised, and that internal jealousies are splitting it up into cliques. No formal meetings have been held, but there has been quiet concentra tion of forces, and it appears probable thai a trial of strength will take place shortly."- The " Register''- writes ;—All members of the House, and particularly members of the.Opposition, are anxiously awaiting the delivery" of the "Opening Speech,jn which"the"policy of the Gov ernment will be .revealed. Since the re turn of the .Premier Ministers haye held several' protracted Cabinet meetings to discuss the measures and' proposals to be submitted to Parliament, Whether the policy will be calculated to benefit the country or, not, many members, of the House are convinced' that the Govern ment will' be challenged by the Opposi tion." The" leading opponents of the Ministry have been vigorously endeavour ing to strengthenjtheir party of late, but it is 'said that the Government still "have the balance of the chances.'' "It maybe also mentioned .'that it is stated that Mr, Ash has joined ihe ranks of the Minis terialists, and' that Mr, Handyside has become a member of the Opposition, Passport. Regulations:—Regulations regarding the Sods of "passports have been approved by the-Governor in Council, and are gazetted tHis week.' These regula tions state Applications; for pass? ports must*, be inade in' " writing, and addressed to, ' The Honorable'the Chief Secretary, Government offices', Adelaide.' 2\. The charge for. a passport, for. each person: named ,in it," is 21s, to be paid pefore" issue. 3. Passports. are granted only to Britishdwntsubjects or to persons, naturalised either in the United Ki ngdom ;6r infhe Britidrialoines { and. they may. he iimited in pqintjof time or for a' cer tain journey, r.4, -iPassporfe." may 'be : granted to au persons either known to his Excellency the Governor or to. the Chief Secretary, or recommended by some person who is known to them or either of them; or upon the production of a certificate of identity signed by any judge of the Supreme Court, special magistrate, or justice of the peace resi dent in the -colony; the applicant's letters of naturalisation or certificate of birth must be produced if required. 5. The bearer of every passport should sign the same as soon as he receives it; without such signature either the visa may be refused or the validity qf the passport questioned abroad. .6. Passports will be issued under the hand of his Excellency the Governor, and will be countersigned by the Chief Secretary." The Commissioner of Crown Lands has decided to grant ;the requestof the rate Eayers of .Meriingievthat the district shall e divided into wards, and the necessary documents have been signed. The LibeeAx. Siege of London.— There is increasing activity among poli ticians in Great Britain on. account of the near approach of the general elections for the House of Qommons, and it promises to be one of the most exciting political contests ever held in the old country. Mr. Gladstone opened the Liberal campaign in London last week in a speech in which he referred to the last election to the County Council as a complete Liberal victory. Alluding to the resolution passed recently rendering the adoption of the union scale of wages obligatory on contractors for the Council, Mr. Gladstone said he did not object to the regulation of the wages and conditions of any labor performed for the mumcijiality. As regarded labor gener-: ally Mr. Gladstone intimated that the Liberal leaders were arranging for a con ference with the London Trades Council on the eight hours question and other matters,. The Liberal leader warmly advocated the abolition of plural voting in' England, and, alluding to the fear which some politicians had expressed of civil war following the establishment of Home Itule in^freland, he considered there would' be no difficulty in suppressing the resistance that might be offered by a few fools of rogues in Ulster. Mr. Gladstone will shortly visit his "Midlothian con stituents, spending three weeks in Scot land, and.addressing large public meetings, for which arrangements have already Been made. His opponent will be Colonel Wauchope, who has been speaking for several mouths in all parts of the division. Sale of Pastoeal Leases.—A sale of . Grown lands as pastoral leases, having- a currency of 21 years, will be held, at. the "Adelaide Land Office on Thursday,i-June 30\. Among the lots are a number in "the South-East as follows:—Didicoolum, 258 square miles,- improvements valued at £2,212 16s 9a, annual rental £1 10s per .mile ; east of Cantara Home Station, 114 square "miles,- improvements valued at £1,255 15s; 'annual-rental £1 7s per mjle • i Western Flat, 74 square miles, improve : ments valued at £441 15s, annual reutal 1 7s 6d per mile; Cold and Wet and' Cam itbolapieri, 177 square miles,, improvements valued at £657 lis 7d, annual rental £1; .Calgara, 14 square miles, improvements valued at £138 3s 4d, annual rental 15s per mile ; and _ Binnies's Lookout, 138 square miles, improvements valued at £264 3s 6d, annual rental £1 per mile.; The tender of Mr. J. J. Jarman, of Kingston, has been accepted for the erec tion of a school and residence at Wolseley, the amount being £394 7s. The Lillimur correspondent of the " Nhill Free Press" writes :—" A very sad and melancholy accident occurred at Yearinga on Monday afternoon, resulting in the death of the second son of Mr. B. Hawker, It appears that he was at work plonghing in one of the paddocks, when he innst have in some unaccountable way got caught in the plough, for when dis covered he was found under the plough with his neck dislocated. As no one was a witness of the sad occurrence the details of the melancholy event can only be sur mised, Much sympathy is felt .here for the bereaved parents under their great Proposal to Form a Workers'Union. -=-At the half-yearly meeting:'of the General Laborers' Union, held at'Bourke, New South Wales, on the 27th'inst., Mr. Spence, President of the A.S. Union, gave an exhaustive explanation of the proposal for the federation of all the labor unions in the colonies, and also for amalgamating the Shearers' and Laborers' Unions. In reply to questions, on the -iatter, Mr. Spence said that personally he strongly supported the movement for the reasoSP that once the shearing season was con cluded, the greater bulk of members of the former body entered into pursuits which came directly within the scope of the Laborers' Union. The work of the^ two Unions was inseparable, and were" they , joined into one large boiy it would result in a much better system of organiza-,; tion. The " Australian Workers' Union," the proposed name-of the amalgamated bodies, would include .provisions for organising female labor, and "he, for one, would-be glad tto welcome .them into the ranks of organised workers. .The moral influence which could- and would . be exerted by the organisation of women was enormous, and he was sure the honest judgment of the members -of both Unions would approve of the scheme; Mr. W. G. Spence,; president of the,'; Shearers' Union, while lecturing at: Coonamble last "week stated that, there would be no difficultyin connection with shearing this year. Workers, he said, in tended to use combination, and moral force io secure greater political power and to benefit themselves socially. A Curious Case.—A case which goes to verify (states the " Eegister") the old adage,There is many a slip 'twirt the cup and the lip," was virtually finished in the Adelaide Local Court on Thursday before His Honor Mr. Justice Bundey. A carpenter named Longdin, of frugal mind, had acquired property worth £1,000; his wife falling ill, he engaged as nurse a Mrs. Willoughby," a respectable woman, who lived in the neighborhood with her husband. Longdin's wife died, and he himself becoming paralytic again secured the services of Mrs. Willonghby as nurse, knowing as he did her skill and trust worthiness. Her wages (ten shillings a week) got into arrears, until Longdin owed'her £100, whereupon he gave her the certificate of title of some land worth £140, and agreed "to sell it to her, she working off £40 balance in his service as nurse. The alleged agreement was merely verbal. Longdin died, and the Public Trustee soughtto recover the title deed, whereupon Mrs. Willoughby , counterclaimed the amount of her wages. The cause was argued, and the Judge, who said it was a most difficult one to decide on the facts, gave -judgment'for the plaintiff for £140, to be reduced to Is on return of the certificate, and decided for the lady oh the counterclaim £147 10s. A case was reserved for the Full Court on the point as to whether the evidence on the side of the defendant was sufficient. The case was important as bearing, under. the law affecting the Public Trustee. S.outh Austealian Raii/way Be ve nue.—The receipts from railways up to the 1st June from the beginning of the year amount" to £495,152 as'against £540,571 for the same period last year. For fee first half of the current financial year the figures were' from the week ending-4th July to 2nd January £622,708, as compared with £583,021 for the same part of 1890, showing an increase of £39,687 on the six months, . According to these figures the sum" which has' so far been'received during the financial year is £1,117,860,'compared with £1,123,592 dur ing the same part of the preceding year, a decrease of £5,732, Coursing.—The coursing season of the Narracoorfe Club for 1892 will be opened at the Plumpton on Wednesday^ and should fee weather, be at all fine there is every promise of good sport. The hares this year, are plentiful and strong, and there is every'prospect of the season being the most successful we have had for some : years, The only event is the Narracoorte Stake's of 20 sovs., an all-aged stake limited to 16 dogs, for which 14 nomina tions have been received. The draw will take place at the Narracoorte Hotel torday at 2 p.m. The first couple will be slipped at 12 o'clock, The West Australian stock returns for the year ended December 31. 1891, show that there were upwards of half a million less sheep in the colony than there were in 1890. The adjourned sittings of the Anglican Synod was held in Adelaide on Thursday last. The measure giving women power to vote at vestry meetings^ came - up for ratification, and it was- rejected by the vote of the lay representatives. 