C()M]vexperienc:es hie Aeoo.vaut. The C.^vitlg group of strange inei Geeiodftic only a few of the many ex thiary experiences of my Jife, and, in _ng so, I make no attempt to explain them For some, I havo never found a satisfactory explanation, and for others, I have solutions which, however, arc so uncertain that I deem it unwise to introduce them. Each reader will probably amuse himself with specula tions ; this one will sav the experiences were delusions or hallucinations : another will say they are pure fiction, the work of a story writer. I shall not complain of these. But I do wish to say (and these arc facts with which many Jire familiar) that I was a sickly nervous child from infancy ; that, having been reared in the south, mj* earliest mental development was largely the work of intelli gent hut highly superstitious negro women —slaves—servingas nurses and housekeepers; that tlicy filled my keenly sensitive mind with the most dreadful stories of ghosts, witches, devils, and the like, so that my childhood was passed iu terror, my youth in morbid faneics, and my manhood, down to the present time, under the control of a i gloomy and almost unmanageable imagina- ! tion. Iu my boyhood, the most terrifying dreams would disturb my sleep : from these, I would often wake with paroxysms of screaming that my pareuts could not check in an hour. Somnambulism was a common experience leading me into perilous situations, and giving concern to those charged with my safety. The slightest fever would invari ably send mc into delirium, when the most grotesque and horrifying hallucinations— which would require a book to describe in de tail—would haunt me. From all this, it may be judged that my temperament is abnormal, and that perhaps I have nervous.peculiarities not common ,to the race ; and that, this being so, I havo certain —permit me to say—faculties which possibly givo mo capacity to see and hear tliiugs not seen and heard by all. In order that I might the better understand my own condition. I have made such study as I could of the human body and mind, giving much atten tion to obscure mental functions as analysed and set forth by able writers ; and, wliile I have learned little with regard to myself, I am convinced that thcro arc extraordinary things often happening and not at all under stood, and that upon the imperfect glimpses which we have of them are based those natural (and, in the case of some persons, absolutely necessary) beliefs having spiritu alism, theosophy, and some others as their basis. I shall now proceed with these short nar ratives. 