CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The quarterly meeting of the Mount Gam-<*> bier Circuit of the Wesleyan Church was held on Wednesday afternoon, the Rev. J. Leggoe, minister of the circuit, in the chair. There was a fair attendance. It was reported that there were 216 full members on the roll, and that eight were on trial for membership ; there were 26 junior members. The quarter's income had been £10116&, and the expenditure £110 Sb., part of which was extraordinary. The balance in band of the stewards was £25 Bs. A favorable report was received from the Sunday - schools in the circuit^ both as regards numbers and working. The pastor reported that the monthly choral Bervioes had proved a success, and the meeting resolved that they should be oon tinned. The Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor fanned since last quarterly meeting bad, it was reported, proved very successful. Mr. M. C, Wilson was appointed the medium of communication between the society and the quarterly meeting. After the quarterly meeting tea was held in the schoolroom, and in the evening a publics meeting in the church. The latter was ad dressed by the Bey. J. Leggoe, Messrs. S. T. Webb and J. F. Palamountain (circuit stewards), J. Cock, M.P., M. C. Wilson, Francis, Broad, and Billing, and Mrs. W. H, Kenfrey. The first of a series of afternoon conventions for the deepening of spiritual life in connec tion with the special mission conducted by the Bey. John Watsford was held in the Unlej Methodist Church on Monday afternoon. There was a large Attendance. With the missioner on die platform were the Revs. D. S. WylieTA. Stubbs, T. E. Keen, R, Kelly, and 6\. E/Rowe. After the Bey. A. Stubbs bad addressed the meeting on the desideratum of holiness, which be described in the voids of Oliphant—"Live the life," the Bey. John Watsford gave a fervid deliverance dealing with the Scriptural grounds on whioh he ad vocated the duty and privilege of the higher Christian life. In the evening a mission bot-> vice was beld in Pine-street Chorea, when the rev. gentleman gave aa evangelical address. On the platform were the?eva. J. B. Stephen eon and Silas Mead, and after the latter gentle man had opened with prayer Mr. Wateford ad dressed the large congregation, taking for bis subject the necessity of preachers, teachers, and parents being filled with the Holy Ghost in order to witness for Christ. The word* of the eloquent preacher had a most telling effect upon his hearers, and when he invited those who desired to follow him into the schoolroom for the purpose of closer communion a large number left their seats, and aa enttrastastio. meeting followed. Daring the evening several hyms were rendered, some wife those present kneeling. The Boaewater Primitive Methodist Chorea held special services on Sunday aad Monday evening; On the former occasion the services were conducted by the Bey. S. Baymond in the morning, by Bey. T. McNeil in the after* noon aad Mr. J. Novis in the evening. On Monday* tea meeting was held followed by a service of eaog entitled "The Little Hera." The after meeting was well attended. The choir, under the conduotorship of Mr. Terrell, assisted by Miss Haddaway on the organ, want through the selections creditably. The quarterly■meeting of the Bowden Bibla Christian Circuit was held in the Bowden Bible Christian leotnre-hall on Monday evening, when the Bey. J. Baymont presided over a §ood attendance. Mr. B. Gould, MR, aad Mr. . Rimes were appointed circuit stewards. It was resolved to build a circuit mans*, pro vided the cost, inclusive of land, would! not exceed £600, and a committee was appointed to arrange the plans of the building to be sub mitted to an adjourned meeting to be held on August 1. The receipts met the expenditure. Subsequently a public meeting was held, pre sided over by the Bey. J. Baymont, and addresses were given by members of the quar terly meeting. "The cleansing of the temple" was the subject considered at a young men's meeting at the V.M.C.A. on Monday evening. Mr. H. W. Beaney conducted the meeting, and there was a good number present. 