[?] (Before Mr. J. B. Graham, P.M. and ' W. C. Kelk, J.P.,) Wednesday, 1st June. At the Police Court this morning, three gentleman took their seats in the dock, charged with an undue fondness for the flowing bowl, amongst other things. David McKcnna, as a first offender, was reprimanded and discharged, Patrick Dovey pleaded guilty to the charge of drunkenness, but failed ? to ' remember having used certain particu larly sultry cuss words, which were recorded against him. However, the Bench came to the conclusion that the words had been used, and considered that 20s, or seven days would meet the case. Chas. Chich, whose appearance was not exactly recommendation in itself, was charged with having no lawful means of earning his ' tucker.' Con stable Sheehy, on being sworn, stated that the accused, so far from having any lawful means, .used most unlawful means to support his valuable life. He had resided for some time past in a shanty close to the railway line in Milltown, with a woman who had recently been discharged from gaol, and on whose earnings the pair subsisted. The woman in question had a most phenomenal thirst, and was very seldom otherwise, than ' under the influence.' Here the .accused's sense of justice overcame him, and with an expression of injured innocence, he remarked ' She ain't a'keepin' me at all, I've been a'workin' all the time myself — off and on — and 1 can prove it.' The case was remanded to give the accused the opportunity of obtaining this ' proof.' In answer to some enquires from the Sergeant, Chick gave the name of a man at present in gaol as one of his employers. Bryan Joseph O'Connor, on remand, was charged with being of unsound mind. The poor fellow looked sane enough but could not disabuse his mind of the idea that a creditor of his, in the shape of a ghost, was haunting him. He firmly believed that the pertinacious spirit in question had even forced his way into the Police Court. Ou the certificate of Drs. Bassett and Machattie, O'Connor was then ordered to be sent to an asylum. 