THE SORCERESS. By MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of "The Son of hia Father," "The "Chronicles of Carlingford," " The Rose in June," " The Greatest Heiress in England," " Whiteladies," "Within the ' Precincts," "It was a Lover and his Lass," "Adam Graeme," &c.;, &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter VII. Mr." Kingsward's opening speech was a wonder to hear. She sat and looked at them all for a moment trying to steady , herself, but there was nothing to steady her in what she saw before her. Aubrey and Bee, the pair who had been so Bweet to see, suoh a diversion in all circumstances, so amusing in their mu tual absorption, so delightful in their romance. It all flashed back to her mind, the excitement of Bee's first proposal, the pleasure of seeing "her bairn respec ted like the lave," though Mrs. Kingsward might not have understood what these words meant, the little triumph it was to see her child engaged at nineteen when everybody Baid there was nobody for the girls to marry,, and now to have that triumph turned into humiliation and dismay ! And to think of Bee's bright face overcast and her happiness over, and poor Aubrey thrown out into' the uttermost darkness. Had she seen Charlie it might have given her Bome support,1 for Charlie was the impersona tion of immovable severity; but Betty's wist ful little face behind the other pair, coming out from Aubrey's shadow by. moments to fix an appealing look upon her mother, was not calcu lated to make her any stronger. She cleared her throat—she tried hard to steady ber voice. She said, "Oh, my dear children," faltering; and then the poor lady ended in a burst of sobbing and tears. It gave her a little sting and stimu lant to see through her weeping that though little Betty rah towards her with kisses and soothing Bee took no notice, but stood hard ~ and unaffected in ber opposition, holding close to Aubrey's arm. Mrs Kingsward indeed got . no sympathy except from little Betty. Charlie put his hand imperatively upon her shoulder, recalling her to herself, and Bee never moved, standing by the side of Aubrey Leigh. The mother, tbus deserted, plucked up a little spirit I in the midst of her weakness. " Bee," she Baid, "I do not think it is quite nice of you to stand there as if your own people were against you. We are not against you. There has been, I fear, a great mistake made, which Colonel Kingsward"—here she turned her eyes to Aubrey—"has found out in—in time; though it is a pity, a sad pity, that it was not found out before. If Mr. Aubrey had only been frank and said at once — butldou't see what difference that would have made. Papa says that from what he has heard, and discovered things must not go any further. He is sorry and so am I that they have gone so far; and the engagement must be broken off at once. You hear what I say, Bee?" "Iheard you say so last night, mamma, bnt I say it is my engagement and I have a right to know why. I do not mean—to break' it off- " , "Oh, how can I make explanations—how can I enter into such a question? I appeal to you, Mr. Aubrey—tell her." "She ought not to ask any explanations. She is a minor, under age. My father has a right to do whatever he pleases—and she Has none to ask why." This was how Charlie reasoned on the height of his one and-twenty years. Charlie was the intolerable element in all this question. Aubrey cast a look at him and forcibly closed his own lips to keep in something that was bursting forth. Bee defied him, as was natural, on the spot. " I will not have Charlie put in his opinion," she cried. "He has nothing to do with' me. Even if I obeyed papa J. certainly should not obey him." "Let Aubrey eay himself," said Mrs. Kings yard, "whether you ought to be told every thing, Bee." "It is cruel to ask me," said Aubrey, speak ing fpr the first time, " if Bee could know all, if you could know all, Mrs. Kings ward. But how could I tell yon all ? Part of this is true and part is not true. I could sjfeak to Colonel Kingsward more freely. I am going off to night to London to see him. It will free you from embarrassment and it will give me per haps a chance. I did not want to put you to this trial. I am ready to put myself un reservedly in Colonel Kingsward's hands." "Then," said Bee hastily, "it seems I am of no sort of importance at all to any one. I am told my eugagement is broken off and then I am told that I am not to know why, and then—go then, Aubrey, as that is your choice, and fight it out with papa, if you please." She loosed her arm from his with a slight impulse, pushing him away. "But just mind this, everybody," she cried, "you may think little of Bee—but my engagement shall not be broken by anybody but me; audit Bhallnot be kept on by anybody but me ; and I will neither give it up nor will I hold to it, neither one nor the other, until I know why." Then the judge and the defendant looked each other in the face._ They were as may be supposed on opposite sides, but they were the only two to consult each other in this emer gency. Aubrey responded^ by a movement of his head, by a slight throwing up of his hand, to the question in Mrs. Kingsward's eyes. "Then you shall know as much as I can tell you, Bee. Your father had a letter last week from a lady telling him that she had a revela tion to make. The letter alarmed your father. He felt that he must know what it meant. He could not go himself, but he sent Mr. Passavant, the lawyer. The lady said that she had lived in Mr. Leigh's house for years in the time of his late wife. She said Mr. Leigh had—had behaved very badly to her." \- "That I do not beb'eve," said Bee. The words flashed out like a knife. They made a stir in the air as if a sudden gleam bad come into it. And-then all was still again, a strange dead quiet coming after, in which Bee perceived Aubrey silent, covering his face with his hand. It came across her with a sudden pang' that she had heard somebody Bay this morning or last night—"he did not deny it." ''"'And that he had promised her—marriage —that he was engaged to her as good as—as good as married to her, when he had the cruelty, oh, my dear child, my dear child, to come to y.iu!" Aubrey took his hand away from his white face. "That," he said in strange dead tune less voice, "is not true." "Oh, more shame to you, Aubrey, more Bhame to you," cried Mrs. Kingsward,_ for getting her judicial character in her indigna tion as a woman, "if it iB not true! " She pauBed a moment to draw her breath, then added—"But indeed yonwerenot so wicked as you say, for it is not true. And here is the evidence. Oh," she cried with tears in her eyes, "it makes your conduct to my child worse: but it shows that you were not then, not then, as bad as you say." "Bee had dropped into the ohair that was next to her and there sat, for her limbs had so trembled that she could not stand, 'watching him, never taking ber eyes from, him, as if he were a book in which the interpretation of this mystery was " Never mind about me," be said hoarsely, " I say nothing for myself. Allow me to be as bad as a man can be; but that is not true. And what is the evidence? You never told me there was any evidence." "Sir," Baid Mrs. Kingsward, fully roused " I told you all that was ia my husband's letter last night." "Yes—that she," a sort of a shudder seemed to run over hini to the keen sight of the watchers—" that she—said so. You don't know as I do that that is no evidence. But you speak now as if there was something more." She took a piece of folded paper from her lap. " There is this," she said, " a letter you wrote to her the morning you went away." " I did write her a letter," he said. Mrs. Kingsward held it out to him, but was stopped by Charlie, who put his hand on her arm. . "Keep the document mother. Don't put the evidence against him into a man's power. I'll read it if Mr. Leigh thinks proper." _ Once more Aubrey and Bee together with a simultaneous impulse looked at this intruder into their story. "Mamma! send him away. I should like to kill him?" said Bee within her clenched teeth. " Be quiet, Charlie. Mr. Leigh, I am ready to put this or any other evidence against you into your hands." He bowed very gravely, and then stood once more as if he were made of stone. Mrs. Kmgsward faltered very much, her agitated i face flushed. "It begins," she said, in a' low fluttering voice, " My dear little wife—;—" Then there came a very strange sound into the agitated silence, for Aubrey Leigh on trial for more than his life, here laughed. " What more, what more!" he said. "No, it is not that. It is—' I don't want— my dear little wife to be troubled about any thing. It can all be done quite easily and quietly, without giving an occasion for people to talk, a settlement made and everything you could desire. I shall make arrangements about everything to-day.' Is is signed "A.L., and it is in jour handwriting. Bee, you can see it is in his handwriting—look for yourself." Bee would not turn her head. She thought she saw the writing written in fire upon the air—all his familiar turns in it. How well she knew the A.L., but she did not look at it, would not look. She had enough to do looking at his face, which was th6 letter—the book she was studying now. "No doubt it is my handwriting," he said, "only it was addressed, not to any other woman, but to my wife." " Your wife died two years ago, Mr. Leigh, and that is dated Christmas—this year." " That is a lie !" he cried; then restrained himself painfully. "You know I don't mean you—but the date and the assumption is en tirely a lie. Give me time and I will tell you exactly when it was written. I remember the letter. It was when I had promised Amy to provide for her friend on condition that she should be sent away—for she made my house miserable." " And yet, and yet, Mr. Leigh—oh, don't you see how the thing's contradict each other. She made your house miserable, and yet when your wife was dead, and you were free " He looked at her, growing paler and paler. "And yet!" he said, "I know what you mean. That is the infernal art of it. My own folly hat cut the ground from beneath my feet and put weapons into every hand against me. Lknow. I know. Again there came into Bee's mind the words she had heard last night. "He does not deny it." And yet he was denying it with all his might. Denying and not denying—what ? The girl's brain was all in a maze, and she could not tell. "Yousee," said Mrs. Kingsward, gently. " Oh, I am Eorry for you.in my heart; Peihaps you werelsd into—a connection that you feel not to be—desirable. - That I can understand. But that youshould think you could save your self by means of an innocent girl, almost a a child, and impose yourself on a family that had no suspicions; oh, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Leigh ! you ought to have died sooner than have done that." He looked at her piteously for a moment and then a dreadful sort of smile came upon his face. "I allow," he said, "that that would have been the best." And there fell a silence upon the room. The sun was shining outside and the sound of the water gurgling against the side of the: boats, and of all the commotion of the landing place, and of the hundreds of voices in the air, and of the chiming of the clocks, came in and filled the place. And just then there burst out a carillon from one of the steeples setting the whole to music, harmonisiug all the dis cords, and sweeping into this .silence with a sudden rush of sound as if some bodily presence had come in. It was the touch too much for all these excited and troubled people. Mrs. Kingsward lay back in her chair and began to weep silently. Aubrey Leigh turned away from where he was standing and leant his head upon the wall. As for Bee, she sat quite still,. dazed, not able to under stand, but crushed out of all her youthful self assertion and determination to clear it all up. She to clear it up—who did not even under sand it, who could not fathom what was meant. That there was something more than met the eye, something that was not put into words, seemed to show vaguely through the words that were said. Bus what it was Bee could nob tell. She could not understand it at alL And yet that there was a fatal obstacle rising up between her and her lover, something which no one could disperse or clear away ; not a mistake, not a falsehood, nob a thing that could be passed over triumphantly and forgotton—not as youth is so quick to believe a mere severity, tyranny, arbitrary conclusion of papa—she felt in every fibreof herframe. She could notdeny it or struggle against it; her very being seemed paralysed. The meaning went out of her face, her absolute, certain, imperious youthfulness died out of her. She who loved to have her own way, who had just protested that she would neither give up nor hold fast except by her own will and understanding now sat dumb, vaguely staring, seeing shadows pass before her, and hearing of things which were undeniable, mighty things, far more powerful than her little hot resolutions and determinations. Bee had never yet come face to face with any trouble which could not be smoothed away. There was her own naughtiness, there were Charlie's escapades at school and college—some of which she had known were serious; but in a little they had been passed over and forgotten and everything had been as before. One time she remembered papa had threatened not to let Charlie go back to Harrow, which was a dreadful thing, exposing him and his naughti ness to all the world. Bub after a while papa had changed his mind and everything had gone smoothly a3 before. Could papa change his mind now 1 "Would time make it, even if he did, as it was before. Bee had not mental power enough to think these things, or ask these questions of her own will; but they went through her mind as people come in and go out by an open door. It was Aubrey*-who was the first to speak. The carillon Btopped or else they got used, to the sound and took no further notice of it, and he collected himself and came forward again to the middle of the room. He said—"I know it will be a relief that I should go away. There is an afternoon train which I shall take. It is slow, but it does not matter. I shall be as well there as anywhere—or as ill. I shall go direct to Colonel Kingsward and lay my whole case before him. He will perhaps confront me with my accuser—I hope so—if not he will at least hear what I have to say for myself." "Ob, Mr. Leigh! Oh, Aubrey! I can't wish you anything but well whatever—what ever may be done!" " Thank you, Mrs. Kingsward, I looked for nothing less from your kind hearb. Will you give me that letter V" She put it into his hands, without the least hesitation, and he examined it—with a sorb of strained smile upon his face. " I should like to take this back to Colonel Kingsward," he said. Then added quickly, with a short laugh, "No,. I forgot; there might be suspicions. Send it back to him, please, by the first post that he may have it* when I get there." He gave the letter back, and then he looked round wistfully. " May I say good-bye to Bee ?' She gob up at the words, feeling herself vaguely called upon—yet quite dull, dumb, with all sorts of thoughts going, going, and coming through; those wide- open doors of her mind—thoughts' like strays which she seemed to see as they passed. Even Aubrey himself appeared a ghost. She got up and stood await ing him when he approached her, nob putting out a finger. Nobody interfered, not even Charlie who was fuming internally, yet some how did nob move. Aubrey went up to her and put his hands. upon her shoulders. Her unresponsiveness sent a chill to his hearb. "Have, you given me up, Bee?" he cried. "Already, already!" with anguish in his voice. She could nob say a word. She shook her head like a mute, looking at him with her dazed eyes. "She does not understand it—nob a word!" he said. Bee shook her head again. It was all she could do. No, she did nob understand, except that it was a kind of dying, something against which nobody could struggle. And then he kissed her on her forehead as gravely as though he had been her father, and the next moment was gone—was it only oub of, the room, or out of the world, oub of life. 