Football. By “'Pou-owku.” SHEPPAHTON v. M\RIUNVALli. Saturday last saw the Shepparton team on their journey to Marion vale to try conclusions with 'that, clnh, in conveyances owned by Messrs "Baichin and- Tudor. -Arriving on the gronnd punctually to time, onr boys at once prepared for the enconnter. .The local team were ready and waiting, and a glance at the line of strongly built stalwart follows gave one the impression that ih"y would take a lot of beating. Such, however, was not the case. Stieppa. «on had their strongest twenty, with the exception of Phillips, who was unable to attend through indisposition. . The visitors were ns usual piloted by Furpliy, and Viiughnn had charge of the locals. M"’Lewis made a very impartial umpire, hut was rather slow. Shep pnrton won the toss and decided to kick with the wind. The M“-ion valeites had notn “ ghost of a show ” from start to finish. Directly the ball was sent rolling the Shep pe-ton men took it down to their opponents’ goal, and ere five minutes had elapsed Rickerby scored a goal. Off again, the ball was secured by Dudley and seut to Irwin, who passed to Richardson, the latter having a shot and skimming the post. Sliep parton would not allow the ball to go away from the local goal, kcoping it hovering in close proximity till Powell secured a mark almost in goal and the two tlags were again seen waving. The leather was imme* diately rushed down from the send off, and Powell repeated his last per formance in quick time, the quarter signal sounding just as the ball 1m l passed through the sticks. On changing ends the local team-made a much stronger defence, preventing-, the visitors from scoring more than behinds. M'Garry (Marionvale) had an easy shot, bat a minor only resnlted. Two more behinds were recorded in favor of the agricultur ists this quarter. The last half of the game was very rough, “ bullock ing ” being the general order; bnt Shepparton had all the best of it. Irwin had a shot and placed a pretty goal to the credit of his team in the third quarter. The last quarter was a rambling one and very rough, many of the players measuring their length on the ground. Shortly before time was called Richardson scored a mark from Cooper and kicked the last goal, the scores standing:— Shepparton, 5 goals 6 behinds. Marionvale, 3 behinds. The efforts of Powell, Dudley, Irwin, Richardson, Cooper, Roberts, Simpson, Furpliy and Morgan were noticeable, but the whole twenty played a rattling good game ; for Marionvale, Vaughan, Breen, Doney, Culletin, M'Garry aud Ford played an up-hill game. 