lady's letter from london- LONDON, 2nd AritiL, The arrangements for tho "Women's Section of tho Chicago Exhibition aro assuming a definito shape, and two meetings havo already been bold under the auspices of H. R. H. Princess Christian, but until something is absolutely settled, as to ways.- and means, tbo ladies do not take the public into their confidence, and , the meetings aro entirely private. It has oozed out, however, that certain well known ladies are taking special departments under their own care. The Baroness Burdett-Coutts feols strongly on all philanthropic movements, in whioh women take a part, and ia anxious that thoy. should be represented by somo means, to show what English women are doing to benefit their race ; she promises horsolf to bo present at the Exhibition. Hygeienio methods, sani tary appliances, and the great nursing and hospital ' movemont in whioh women are so much interested, will take their place in women's w?.,t and everything appertaining to them will bo fully, illustrated, and as perfectly as possible. Ireland will have almost more than its fair share of attention, for Lady Aber deen lias already been to Chicago, and knows oxnotly what Bpaco will be covered by her pro posed Modol Village, which is to bo peopled by model Irish men nnd women. ,Mrs. Ernest Hart, whoso work for Irish induatrios is well known in Donegnl and elsewhere, hopes to seoure space to reproduce an Irish village, and within the cottages of this village women who have been taught by her or her agency will be seen at work, woaving cloth, preparing beforo one's very eyes the dyes fro.n poafc, and dying tho produot of their looms. It is intended by Mrs. Hart that tlio village should consist ot pioturesque streets and cottngea, in oach of whioh an Irish hand industry will bo carried on by aotual peasant workers, imported with their imple ments of work from County Donegal. The village buildings will, if possible, inoludo a re production of an anoiout round tower, Celtic Cross, nnd tho ruins of Donegal Castle. Hut all details are as yet unsettled, for until the aom- mittoe is fully at work no one knows what eaoh enthusiasts exhibitor may find it possible to achieve. Saturday afternoons in London during the severe weather of February and March' are apt to be dull and dispiriting. There is no shopping to be done, tho weather is not fine enough for the parks or for Barn Elms, Hurlingham, or the River. Tho-men are homo from their banks and counting houses, and one has to find something to arouse them and oneself. One favorite amusement during tho last fow months has boon to visit the pioture shows in the Eond-street and Haymarkeb galleries. These have been won derfully numerous, and whilo the rest of London has been dull enough, Bond-street on Saturday afternoons has been as crowded as tho Sunday \ parado in Hyde Park on a fine sunny day in the season, and so gay aro tho brilliant costumes and holiday making parties as to / remind one of the -boulevards of Paris; Tho ohief attraction last Saturday was to be found in tho galleries of Messrs. BouSsod, Valadon and Co., the successors of tho famous Goupil, of Paris. The rooms were crowded all day with an eager and amused company, in whioh tho fashion and intellect of London were well represented as well as tho leaders of tho artistio world.- It was Mr. Whistler's day, a day of revenge and of piquant and sarcastic contrasts, as well as of in teresting works of art. - Everyone expected to be entertained as well as instructed, and they were not disappointed. All artistio London knows Mr. Whistler's singular history, and his action - for libel against Mr. Ruskin in 1878, whioh wna one of tho liveliost sensations of the time. " I havo seen and heard much of Cockney impudence," says Mr. Ruskin, "but never ex- peoted to hear a eaxcomb ask 200 guineas for flinging a pot of paint in the face of .the public." Never,. Mr. -Ruskin declared,- did the ill-con ducted conceit of tho artist so nearly 'approach the aspeot of wilful imposture. ' This was written on Mr. Whistler's nooturne in blaok and gold Tlio Falling - Rock, and now 'hero was the same pioture with some 40 others oolleoted and presented with new credentials for the unquestioning admiration of all London. Since 1878 tho whirligig of time has avflbged Mr. Whistler in a way whioh is Baid to bo particu larly truo to a woman's heart, but must be pleasant to nil. . The Attorney-General of Eng land on the occasion of the celebrated action de clared in his speech at Westminster that ho " did not know when so muoh amusement had been afforded to theBritiah publio as by Mr. Whistler's pictures." Mr. Wedmoro. tho art orltio of the Standard, has declared that the highest msrit of such pioturos was that a dozen or two of them placed in the upper panels of a lofty apartment would afford a justifiable and walcome alterna tive oven to noble tapostries or Morris's wall papors. But on Saturday all London was orowding with admiration to worship them as masterpieces of " tone of art value," oaoh separately placed with ample space upon the lino. Horo was the now famous portrait of Carlyle, purchased by tlio corporation of Glasgow, onoe described by a- great art critio as a 41 doleful canvas," and hoisted with disrespect to tho ceiling of a London gallery, and we saw on Saturday tho now famous arrangement in blaok, exhibited as La Damo au Brodcquin Jaune, tbo portrait of Arohio Campbell, criticised when it was published as a half materialised ghost in an environing fog. The Cromorno -Lights, which tho art critio of the Timet considered to be little hotter than a delicately tinted wall paper. Bognor, which tho Pall Stall Gazette considered a mere insult to tha intelligence of the public.' Hero, too, the now famous portrait of Miss Alexander, a harmony in grey and green, whioh tholrt Maga zine stigmatised as 44 uncompromisingly vulgar." But meantime Mr. Whietlor's ccceutrioities havo been condoned. The laugh whioh lie raised by his white forehead look, his tapering cane, his epigrams and his affeotations haa died away — ho has lived it all down, and is famous. The French art critics and tho French artists, whose final word is law, havo received Mr. "Whistler into tbo Pantheon of France, and tlio Museum of tho Luxembourg has welcomed his splendid portrait of bis mothor as a work destined to an eternity of . admiration, 44 a work on whiah - the consooration of centuries seems already to have put the quality of a Rembrandt, Titien, or of a Velasquez." and the groat English paper has published that . 44 modern British art will now be represented in the National Gallery of the Luxembourg by one of the finest paint ings duo to tho brush . of an English artist, namely Mr. Whistler's . portrait of .his mother." Whether all the great artists and critics, and the fashionable peoplo who crowded to see his pioturos on Saturday fully endorsed this verdict,'- I cannot say. though he calls it 44 the. voice of a people," but. at least thoy wero there to swell the triumph of this audaoious humorist and ekillul Impressionist, and the whole atmosphere was one o£ admiration, mingleil with chuqkling amusemont for the discomfiture of the critics. , Many people went on to the Exhibition at Dowdeswoll's, whoro thoy saw a whole collec tion of bright and snnny drawings by Vizzotto nnd other young Italian artists, and a oonsidor- nblo collection of rustic and river side pioturcs by tVimporis. Every ono who loves bright English scenery and Con- stable's method of treating it will bo refreshed by spending an hour with the breezy landscapes of his clever followers. The sketches of Wimporis reoall at ovory stop the delightful slylo of Constable. Mr. Sainton has in the same galleries n charming little sories of pic tures of Loudon' street life which are quite ' worth going to seo. 'Mr. Sainton -is tho -son' of the oelobrated musician, whoso namo all of as may recall with pleasure, and ho is making s considerable namo forhimsolf. It is not easy to study soenes of street lifo in London,' as anyone will soon find out who tries to set up nn ooboI within - view of the London streot boy. Mr. Sainton has got over tho difficulty by constructing a small windowed and well lighted .covered cart, in which he sets up his easel, nnd is thns driven about till ho . comes to a suitablo subject where he can work ; comfortably under covor, copying some of the buinors of London life, without anyone outside suspocting what ho is at. Ho gives us here " Hyde Park Corner, and a Glimpse of Piccadilly, the sharp newsboy selling his Spesh-ull, street arab bird fanoiors in the Dials, and A Corner of Petticoat-lane (on Sunday), and many another London type well worth seeing. This has boon a bad year for art, prlcos have ranged law at Christie's, and last Saturday at . tlie sale of the Wortliermer piotures the great llombrandt and Reynolds wore bought in at prices much below that whioh they fctohed at the hammer quite reeontly. America and Aus tralia are tho new markets for costly piotures, : and a groat' Australian buyer has made his appearance lately in tho market who is gladden ing tlia heart of . many an academician by. his munifieont purohasos, . One of. the last of the shows at which I was present was a private view of painter-etchers, as they somowlmt nifcotodly call themselves ; that is. to Bay, .etchers who produce original prints in blaok and white, and do not conllno them- salvos to reproducing the works of others. Hitherto tlrorc was a feature of personal interest to those who knew tho inner, working of tho place. Mr. Herkomer was seated with his wifo triumphant, and around tho walls wero hung some 20 of his beautiful works. .Ho bos only lately boon oleoted n member of the society, and that after considerable opposition; for the more fastidious and critical of the eiohors main tained that tho various mechanical processes which Mr. Herkomer freely employs took many of liis works out of tho range of truo etching, whioh they contend should bo all lino work and owe nothing to photo graphy, or to tho mezzotinting process. In spito of this lively controversy, however, Mr. Herkomer has gained his position, and certainly tho beauty of his work indicated itself on tho walls. Mr. Seymour Hnden,.tho father of tho sooioty, its first president, was moving about, warmly greeted everywhere, but muoh broken in health, and Mr. 'Whistler, the greatest of English ctolicrs, was conspiouous by tho absenco of himself and hiB works, but thereby also bangB a tale. For Mr. Whistler and Mr. Hadcn, although relatives, have never boon able to . . agree, and in a society founded by Mr. Hadon Whistler can find no place. Such are .. the angles even in oolestial and mnsouline ; minds. Whenonco a catching air Is set going in Loudon it seems to pervade the atmosphere. Tho boys and girls sing.it as thoy go about the . house, the barrel organB grind it outside ono's . door, and tho street gamin carry on the refrain, till one's bend fairly aches with its perpetual reiteration. " Ta ra ra Boom do' ay " ono . hears over and over agnin as though it woroa joyful war cry, and -in several London theatres it is now tho favorite song and ridiculous pas de . icul. Rcspeotablo thoughtful papers have oven , taken to discuss tho origin, of this musio hall performance, and wo are gravely told that the tnueio is . simply a roproduetian of that of a favorite song of 50 yearn ago, oalled . Pcatel, whioli I oau . well remember, nnd whioh was said to liav.e been written by a Rus sian prisoner tho night before his execution on the walla of his ocll. I demonstrated to a num ber of " Gaiety " lovors tho other evening that it is nothing of the kind by playing and singing PeBtol as it used to bo given, then rattling over the modern Boomdo-ay— but I was told that if I played Pestel as fast and with the , same swing that ; I gave to the other I sbonld hoar the resomblanoe — whioh, however, I have . as yet failed to do— though an acoomplishod young gentleman spoilt some time last evening in trying to convince me.- 