, Fun and Fancy. A serious case-A doctor without one. Of what ought a kite to be made ?-Of ly paper. What kind of ships are most like scissors? -Cutters. A song heard near a hive: "Bee it ever so humble, there's no place like comb." When a man drinks like a fish it doesn't follow that he is in the swim. The potato is said to be deteriorating, but it made many a mash in its better days. Visitor: "Do you love the piano 2" Lady: "lNo; I prefer death by electricity." " Oh, you have the paper; please look and see if anyone we know- has been born." Science and art have advanced so fast that a much larger diamond can now be bought for a dollar and a half than for $150. Sniggles: "Well, my motto is, ' Live and let live.'" Gassum: "Is it? I thought you intended to be a doctor." " What's the extreme penalty for bigamy?" asked a man of an old judge, who answered: "Two mothers-in-law." " "Young man: "Will you give assent to my 'marriage with yourj ?daughter,' sir?" *'iOld. han'(firmnly):'~!' No; sir, not a cent.'."' ':" The Misogynist: "Yes, sir, it is woman's' mission ini life to make fools of men." The Philosopher: "What a sinecure she enjoys, bless her." Wife: "Oh, doctor, Benjamin seems to be wandering in his mind l" Doctor (who knows Benjamin): "Don't trouble about that, he can't go far."; A crotchetty London journal asks " if it is the pink faces of American girls that charm so many foreign admirers ?" No It's the girls' greenbacks. Mistress : "Did you put the coal on the stove, Bridget ?" New importation: "I did, musm, but it will be some time before- it gilts hot, fur the fire's out." Mistress.: " Norah, you must always sweep behind the doors." New Servant: "Yes'sm, I always does: It's the asiest way of getting the durrit out of sight." Ile presented a lace collar to the object of his adoration, and in a jocular way said: "Do not let any one else rumple it, darling." "No, dear, I will take it off." Robinson: "How about that note I hold of yours, Brown? "I've had it so long that whiskers are beginning to grow on it." Brown: "Why don't you get it shaved then ?" A little girl, who was entertaining guests, was advised as to their amusements. Draw ing herself up, she replied, Superbly: "My dear, I have played with children all my life !" Julia (aged six) : "We've got a new baby at our house." Clara (aged six): " What is it-a boy or a girl ?" Julia: "Oh, we don't know yet, we've only had it two days." " What a bold thing that Miss Phlurt is I" "I should say sol Why, she actually spoke to a perfect stranger on the beach to day just as I had got him to notice me." Judge (to police officer): "Are you sure, sir, that the prisoner was drunk ?" Officer: "Is it drunk, yer Honor? Shure, if he had shpoke through the tilliphone the breath uv him wnud have made the poles shtagger." Wibble: "I wonder why ministers always wear longtailed coats ?" Wabble: "If you were a country parson with £150 a year salary and a large family, you wouldn't ask such a foolish question as that." Bridget: " Shall I lave the hall lamp burnin', ma'anm ?" Mistress: "No. I am pretty sure Mr. Jones won't be home until daylight. He kissed me three times before he left, and gave muse £2 for a new winter bonnet.'l . It is said that mice are just as much afraid of women as women are of mice; but as their screaming apparatus is not constructed on the same principle, they are restrained from communicating the .intelligence to tihe people. A man passing through a gateway in the dark ran against a post. "I wish that post was in the lower regions," was his angry re mark. "Better wish it somewhere else," said a bystander, "you might run against it again." Poet's son: "Father, what does 'handi capped' mean ?" Poet: "It means--ahem -in what connection did you hear it used, my son ?" Poet's Son : "In connection with you. Mr. Brownson said you'd never achieve any lasting fame as a poet, because you were handicapped by nature." Maiden aunt: "You display a great deal of agility at tennis, my dear. If I had taken such exercise when I was young, I should be a happier woman now." Athletic Neice: "You flatter me, aunt, but I suppose you are right; I had two proposals on the grounds yesterday and one to-day." Ax IxTELrGExNT JURY3LvL.-" Have you read anything about this case in the papers ?" asked a lawyer of a juror in an exciting cri minal case. "No. sir, not a word." " Not a word, and the papers have been full of it !" "No sir, I don't read papers, nor any thing else, for I can't read at all." The juror was sworn. First Doctor: "You have been spreading the report that I have poisoned several people in this town. I want you to apologise." Second Doctor: "Certainly. I don't hesi tate to say that there are several people in this town whom you have not yet poisoned. Hope you are satisfied now." Affable Clerk : "Can I be mistaken? Isn't this the Mrs. Crozier whom I met so pleasantly at Fife Island this summer?" His Customer: "Why, yes, I am Mrs. Crozier, and I remember your face, but I thought you told me you were engaged in religious pursuits ?" Affable clerk: "This is the nun's veiling department, madam." Young Lady (entering book store): "I want a new novel-one of the latest out-but I have forgotten its title." "Here's a 'Mid nighlt Marriage '-just publislhed, and it is having a large sale." "Was it written by a wnoman ?" "Yes'm." "Have the. news papers denounced it as not fit for a young lady to read ?' "Yes'ms." "Then it is just the one I want.'" i js 'vaa oud late 1as? nighd,.I zce. :Dot must stop, Isaacs no more drinkin' dis mont'. You hear me, Isaacs ?" Ilnacs "I don'd drink in peesiness hours.". Einstein: "Dot make no differ. You drink ad nighd, and effery morning your hands tremble so you gan't show a customer any of dose sheap pants mitoud shakin' de buttons off." A pianist recently spent the evening at the house of a lady. The company was agree able, and he stayed somewhat late. As he rose to take his departure, the lady said, "Pray, don't go yet, Mr. Jones, I want you to play something for me." ".Oh, you must excuse me to-night, 'it is very late, and I should disturb the neighbors." "Never mind the neighbors,"' answered the young lady quickly, " they poisoned our dog yester Miss Arabella Lieyier: "I do not mind your poverty, George. Until your fortunes mend, I could be happy in your wealth of affection, and some vine-clad cot---, Mr. . Wardoff : "Pardon me, dear, you know I am only a poor clerk, and cottages are out of the question. Could you be happy in a third floor back furnished room, with a sewing machine buzzing overhead, and some fiend below cooking cabbage ?" Miss Arabella: "Maybe, George, dear, we'd better wait after all.", Wife (11.0 p.m.): "What's that horrible odour? Smells like alcohol." Husband: "Yes, my dear, we use alcohol at the lodge for initiations; Take some alcohol, light it, put some salt in the flame, and it gives a ghastly yellow light-makes folks look like ghosts, yon know." "Wife: "But that odour comes from your breath." Husband: "'.Yes, my dear-in the thirty-seventh degree I personate the chief demon with the flames coming from his mouth. I take a mouthful of alcohol and a swallow of salt, and then set fire to it.. But, m'dear, you mustn't tell these thlings. Secret s'ciety. Secrets very eacred, you know." 