tag-Udler. CONFESSIONS OF A A SERIES OF STRANGE STORIES. HYPNOTIST: DRIVEN TO SUICIDE. By ALLKX CABTEB, Author of " Way-side Eomance-," " The Oak House Mysterv," " A Woman's Sacrifice,'- During my stay at the seaside some three or four years ago I made the acquaintance of a man whoEC career may be described as a flash of religious enthusiasm, ending in a ^ad and . terrible tragedy, in which unintentionally Ihad [ a share which has occasioned me many tia* pleasant reflections. Joseph Gamer was a missioner. Young, enthusiastic, well connected, and with ample j means, he coulH have gained distinction ia many ways mere congenial to the generality of men than the way he had chosen. He had started in life as a student of medicine ; but a disappointment in love produced a morbidity of mind ill suited to a profession which requires that the practitioner should always have bis wits about him. Then be came under the influence of Moody and Sanky, the revivalist preachers, duriiig one of their periodic i -visits to this country, with the result , that he determined to devote whatever.of love, energy, piety, and wealth he possessed to the amelioration of the spiritual and physical condition-of the brutal men and wretched women to be found in tbe slums of all large towns. He did not confine hi* operations to any one town, OC any one part of the country, but would stay in one place a few weeks or months, aud then go somewhere else. He had thus established a round of missionary labour which he carried on entirely from his own reeoure^s, paying for any assistance ha might require, and generally, during hi» absence, leaving feme one in charge of the district whocould ktepupthe religious engage ments, conduct the services, and maintain any progress that might have been made. The place near which I was staying when I met Joseph Garner was a garrison town as well as a seaport, and consequently contained amongst its population some of tbe vilest and mott abandoned specimens of both sexes possible to be met with. In the quarter in. which Mr. Gamer located himself tbe houses were wretchc-d, tumble-down, vermin-hauntedhovels, each containing three or fonr rooms, and each room some half-dozen or more occupants. Half the males were thieves, burglars, OC bullies; all the females were devoid of decency in language, thought, or act. It was a veritable human hell, and yet here it was that the refined, sensitive, talented, well-to-do enthusiast settled himself down for a steady three months' work. At first be was regarded with undisguised suspicion and dislike. Tbe inhabitants oould not understand any one but a detecti ve comingamong them; and, as the majority o1 them were almost escntinualiy in peril of the law, they were "very ehy of any one who might be an instrument of it. They very soon found, however, that Mr. Garner was what he represented himself to be—a man come among them to assist and save those who seemed utterly lost. And though many of them laughed at him, and a few. scoffed and derided, they allowed him to go about among them unmolested, and listened with respect to what he had to say. Amongst the women he worked with a zeal and earnestness worthy of better results. He found in many cases that, though debased find brutalised. they could still respond to kindness, sympathy,' and love. Gradually those in whose breasts the womanly virtues were not quite dead yielded to his influence, which meant Eomevtbat of a change for the better. Butusually the change was very slight and intermittent. One of the women, Nelly Warren by name, bad a peculiar attraction for him. I fancy from what he afterwards told me that she - reminded bim in some remote degree of the woman he bad loved and lost. Drink was her strong weakness, if I may use such a term. Over and over again she promised him not to - touch it. but the least temptation proved toomuch for her; she forgot all about her promise, and drank as long as Bhe could get drink oc ewallowit. Bit by bit Mr, Garner was able to piece her history _ together. She was the daughter of a solicitor, living in a happy home, and surrounded by all the comforts sho could wish fcr. In an evil moment she fell in with a sprig of the nobility, the Bon of one of her father's clients, wrat astray, and on the matter coming to ber father's knowledge was sent adrift. Finding that he could do nothing with her while surrounded by companions who were always placing temptation in her way, Mr. Garner succeeded, after two or three vain attempts, in persuading her to agree to leave that district and live with some people where she would bo looked after, and have an opportunity of recovering her respectability. He was, jierforce, obliged to absent himself from the di&trict; for two or three days in order to arrange for her reception at the country farmhouse at which he proposed to place her. Before leaving he made her promise that she would keep from the drink, aud that she would not leave the neighbourhood. The latter promise be believed he could depend upon; the former he feared was beyond hsr power to keep if temptation came in ber way. On his return three days later, having made a 1 ! necessary arrangements, be hastened to the street in which she was living, but found the - entrance to the thoroughfare blocked by a cordon of police. " What IB the matter ?" be asked. "Woman murdered, sir," was the solid reply. A thrill of apprehension shot through Mr. Garner's nerves as he reiterated, "A woman murdered ! What is her name ?" " Don't rightly know, sir," said the constable. "ISeily something, I believe. Stind back, sir; you can't pass," he added, as Ml*. Garner tried to get by. " But it i* very likely I know the woman. I know all tbe women in this neighbourhood. My name is Garner, the missioner. I've been working anions them for weeks." " Can't help it, sir. Orders very strict nob . to let any one pass. But here's tbe sergeant. Ask him." "Is the name of the murdered woman Nelly Warr®n?" " It is, sir," said the sergeant, who knew Mr. Gamer by sight. " Do you know her ?" and be signed to the constable to make way for the gentleman to pass. "Do I know her?" repeated Mr. Garner, dreamily. "God help her, I have been making arrangements for her removal where she would : have had a chance to recover something of ber lost position." • They had by this time reached the house where the body of the murdered woman was lying. "Ah, it is a fearful neighbourhood this," said the sergeant. "I wender you have been able to stay here so long." Like a man in a dream Mr. Garner passed the constable standing atthe door of one of the upstair rooms and approached the bed on which - lay the corpse, with a horrid gash extending across the throat almost from ear to car. He stood looking at the ghastly object with wideopen eyes, but they had au expression in them like, one looking at iKtme far distant object, and he scarce seemed to hear tbe particulars of the crime as they were narrated in brief, curb language by tbe sergeant, though every detail was impressed uponhis mind with photographic - exactness. ctnees. The murdered woman had beenseen tbe day before dunking witb a sailor in one of' the beerhouses which abounded in the looaVitv. Nothing lmJJC more „„ was „„„ seen of IID1 her until the people - o{ the house, wondering at her non- appearaupe, entered the room and found her lying wilh her throat cut upon the bed. There was absolutely no clue to the perpetrator of the crime, the sailor was a stranger to the neigh- • bourhocd, no one had set eyes on him sincethey were Beeti together in the beerhouse, and' all efforts to trace him had so far proved futile. Mr. Garner was terribly cut up over theaffair. _ I never saw a man eo affected by an: event in which he could have no personal interest. _ He called U]x>n me the day after his* return with one of the strangest proposals I had eveT made to me. "When I was studying medicine," he said,. " I became much interested in the theory of hypnotism, and read up several works U|)on. the subject. With its practice 1 have never had anything to do Since I became acquainted with this dreadful afT;iir I have had Lurno in ujwin mn the belief, which I cann-it t-ha'.o off, that if I cimid be placed in a condition of hypnotic somnambulism I should be able f> see the man who committed the crime and, pot-sibly, ascertaiu where he is to bp fouu t Ha u„.„ _,,„ „„„ „.. - - , -. t^rfdew f - " i n t woman, and wo^ give Sh]ng to ^iml h'r murderer." I looked at the man carefully Ivfo.-c :uaUi'a any reply to so strange a request. It's teiiiperomsnt was of the order which in n "•".) "m would prcdnec hysteria, his nervou- • o wasBO finely organized as to make it Mi»optible to influences which would have no effecS upon ordinary individuals, and it was still quivering from the sliook sustained the previous day. I could not help thinking what a splendid medium tbo man would make; there would be nothing within tr.e range of hypnotism that could not bo accomplished with hie -willing aid. Certainly if the perpetrator of the crime of which hapli^s Nell Warren had been the victim could be fuuud by such means Mr. Garner would be successful iu discovering him. "Haveyou over submitted yours;-!f to tho influence?'" lacked. "Never." he replied. " I should not think it right to plr-ee my will in s-jhjre.rom to any man without soiuu rjiwjoata motive." " As a sciiocnt of m^diuiau you sre probably await' that you jicwefi. sn OKceptioiially delicate and finely strung nHrvc;i» o: j-vjiizatio*. The consoqueuers of hypnotism up vi sush a temperament may be more far-reaching than you are aware " It is because I brieve myself to he more susceptible than most men that 1 ljtik^for^a, successful result of the experiment, aai ; likely to tamper with my susceptibility w/ion once the O' in't is accomplished. , " Verv well," I s-aid. "1 tUcught it only right jou should understand your position. People with vour temperaim-nt e.tnnot always shako off the iiiiiucuca when tliey wish. However, if vou persist in your proposal lam reedy to ojierate wheu and where you pleaie." "1 li id fully made up my mind before I came," he ri plied. " You will possibly think me full morbid fancies, but 1 have an idea that 1 shall be more successful if the experiment. is trir-i: hi the presence of the dead body." " Yee," I agreed, "if not too painful for you the association of ideas will certainly assist your mental efforts. I suppose you can obtain the necessary permission." A few hours later wo met ia tho room in which the corpse of the murderod woman W»B still lying, the inquest having bsoa opened ! j ! ! | ! i I that morning and adjourned pending tho result of the search the police were making. The only other person in the room was an Inspector of Police, who took a note of what passed. Seating Mr. Garner in a chair by the side of the bed I placed my hand lightly upon his bead and bade hiin look up into my eyes. In ten eecouds he was in a state of artificial somnambulism, in which condition the mental faculties are abnormally active and the imagination highly excited. It had been agreed that I should take him back to the time when Nelly Warren was seen drinking with the sailor at the beerhouse, which we had discovered to be named the Boar's Head. " You are at the Boar's Head beerhouse m Turmoil street. Do you see it?" I said. " Yes." "The murdered woman, Ncllv Warren, is there with a strange sailor. They aro drinking I together. Do you see them*;" 1 "Yes." j " Watch them, and tell me what happens." J The unconscious man appeared to be gazing { with strained inteusity upon some scene taking j place at a long distance. His eyes were open, j but they could not see us or the room in which i we were ; they saw only what took place J between the woman Warren aud the sailor. I Two or three minutes passed ere he spoke j again. I "They have finished drinking," be said at length. " The man turns to go, says he has to join his ship in half an hour, and has only just , time to reach the dock. Nelly Warren asks bim to x'ay for some more drink for ber bsfore be goes. The money will be of no use to him on board ship, she says. The man throws down a shilling and goes out." " And the woman ?" interposed the. Inspector eagerly. He. had entered into the spirit of the thing, though he did not believe any good could come from su tomfoolery. I have, however, always found that the police, like most other people, are ready enough to take advantage of anything which vill help cut their own stupidity or lack o£ cleverness, from whatever source it may come. Mr. G.irnerof course took no notice of the Inspector's question. Being in what some authorities on the subject have called the elective stage, he was en rapport only with myself, and would resent ally interference from another person. " Excuse me, Inspector," I said. Mr. Garner will not answer your questions unless they are put through me. As this is a very delicate operation and requires entire concentration of thought, I must ask you to be good enough to Ifave the matter in my hands for the present. You shall have an opportunity of putting any questions to bim, through ine, before I awaken bim." The Inspector eyed me rather evily for a moment, then resumed his notetaking. " The sailor left the house, you said. What becomes of the woman?" "She is joined by Mary Bates, one of the most drunken reprobates in thedistrict. Bates is already the worse for liquor, and wanes Warren to pay for more. Warren refuses and puts the shilling into her pocket. Then they quarrel, but not loud enough to make any disturbance. They nee bad language—my God! how dreadful it all is. Bates says Warren has been robbing her, aud sbe'll make her pay for it. Then Bates goes out, and Kelly stays behind and has more beer, paying for it with the sailor's shilling. She keeps on drinkicg till all the money ia spent. Why, oh, why, will they supply drink to poor women in this way I JNow she reels out ot the house, it is dark. There is no one about. _ She passes through a paved court, and slinks along, holding on by the window-sills and doorposts until Ehe reaches the house in which she lives. She tumbles along the entry, crawls up the stairs, enters lier room, and throws herself on the bed." " That seems all feasible enough." said the Inspector, when a pause occurred. _" But it is strange she sboidd have been drinking in that house all that time and then reeled here in a tipsy state, and for no one to have seen her." " Plenty of people may have seen her," I replied, "without recognising her or taking any notice of her. I should say it is no new thing, or even unusual, to see a drunken woman in the streets here at all hours of the day and night. Some one at the Boar's Head, however, will be sure to know how long she stayed there, and whether she was drunk when she left. Only I suppose it's to their interest to keep quiet, if they can." " At any rate, the sailor seems to be out of it, if this is to be relied upon," added the officer. " You may depend upon it this is to bs relied upon," I said. "The scene passing before Mr. Garner's mind is an actual reproduction of events as they took place. Air. -Garner's is an exceptionally sensitive organization, and we shall know who was the mur- • derer before we have finished, depend upon it." At this moment Mr. Garner started up, and with horror-stricken look gqzed in a corner of the room. "There! there is the murderess!" he exclaimed in great excitement, pointing at an imaginary object. See! she holds a knife in ber band—she crawls on ber hands and knees to the bedside—she rises slow]y, slowly, slowly! Now she stoops over the sleeping form—ber face is distorted with rage and hate —she draws the knife over the sleeping woman's throat—once, twice! My God! it is too horrible TO 1 -^! „„„„„ n.—lo Bank With back a moan into of the intense chair and agony covered Mr. his Garner face with his hands, as though he would shut out that awful vision. The Inspector and I had both been carried away by the vivid reality with which the scene bad been invested. As we followed Mr. Garner's looks and aotions we could almost fancy we saw tbe event he so dramatically described. "tAfik him who it was," whispered the officer. "Have patience," I said. "His nerves sre overwrought. He must have time to recover." I placed my bands on the suffering man's forehead and temples, and presently tbe quivering which had ceased hii whole frame bad ceased, and he became calm. His perspiration stood in great beads upon nis brow, and for two or three minutes his breath had come in great gasping sobs, so intense was the agony. Then I put the final question, for I thought it was time to awaken him. "The woman—the murderess; you saw her face. Who was it?" He seemed instinctively to shrink from replying. Persons in this condition are by no means automatons in the hands of the operator, and will even argue or refuse to answer for a while. "You must tell me who it was," I said ' firmly. Reluctantly the answer came— " Mary Bates." "Can he say where she is now?" asked the Inspector. " It may save a lot «f time." "Where is Mary Bates?" I asked. Mr. Garner sat for a minute or two, quite still, with a very weary look upon his pale face. Then he mentioned the name of a street in a distant quarter of the town, almost as vile a part as that in which we then were. "That will do, sir, thank you," said the Inspector. "I will have the woinau in custody within an hour if she is to be found. A most marvellouB ui-« PCIPW". thing, .UPPPFII upon «i™» my word." -- And lie tfustled out of the house, while I a wo ice tho man who had displayed detective qualities of so supernatural a character. It was all perfectly true. Mary Bates, confronted with the victim and chai ged with the «rime which she had thought hidden from all human knowledge, confessed that after leaving Kelly at the Boar's Head she had procured a knife and hidden herself in the victim's room, stealing from her hiding place and slaying the helpless wctnsn in her drunken sleep. They had Ion" bct-« enemies, and Mary Uatos hated her rival's comparative good IOOKR and better manner*, bated her also for tho inter: si taken in ber by Mr. Gamer. Ana th? bBramn at the beerhouse when closely questioned remembered to have seen the. two women together, though he had previously stated th:i-t W.ur.'n left the house with ths sailor, whom he did n Jt see go out, Two days after the cxperinvrt which l;ai ended in" the discovery ci' I\el!y Warren's murderess Mr. GirDi r eatne t" i-i.v hotel. jle looked very pale and worn, .md terribly diijecttd. Of course In' rcii'r^ 'r vod nothing bat what had been told him of w hut had transpired at that momentous hypnotic interview. " 1 can't fret that woman out of my sight." l:e said after the v..-ual greetings. ".Night :md day there is ever hefoi-o ni© lUt? vision of the biiod-ftnini d corpse, (wit'u that horrid gisb seres.- the throat. 1 conjure up n!! manner of KCIICS depicting tha EVT:nt, anD it all secais as real as if I were r.n actor instead of a spectator, 1 sliall go mad if it sons on much longer." " You ought not to stay iu this neighbourhood," I said. "The associations are altogether tro painful for you. Apart from this terrible si7 ai Vj j t j g Bot tf.^ce nor a work at alisuited to snjauof vour temperament. Take my advice ~ " " ' quietly. " I know it to bo good; but 1 cannot go away and leave my work like that. The little good I have been able to do would be all thrown away unless I can leave some one behind me to follow it up." " 1 do not think you will be any better while you remain here. Get away as soon as you can. Meanwhile, try not to think of unpleasant things, and above all force your mind from contemplation of that murder." When Mr. Garner left ho was calmer, and had promised me hewould expedite his arrangements for leaving the town. But there was a brooding horror in his eyes I did not like to see. I felt so uncomfortable about bim, indeed, that early in the morning of tho day after his visit to me I set out to call upon him. My way took me through the disreputable quarter in which Mr. Garner carried on his untiring self- sacrificing work. As I approached the street I could see that something was wrong. People were running with frightened, anxious locks upon their faces, tho whole district seemed to be in commotion. Could it be that anything had happened to Mr. Garner, I thought, as 1 quickened my steps. " What is it ?" I inquired of an artisan who seemed a trifle more respectable than the generality of tho people thereabout. "They say it's another woman murdered," be panted, as he hurried on. A few doors from the house in which Mr. Garner lodged a crowd had assembled, and was noisily discussing such details as bad oozed out. As the body had only been discovered within the last half-hour these were of the most meagre description. I was passing on to acquaint Mr. Garner with the affair i when I met the Inspector who had assisted at the little seance a few days before. He ncecsted me, and made a strange grimace as • he remarked: ( "Wonder if we shall want jou again over jI this affair?" ' I hope not," I said, as I entered the house with him. " I doubt very much whether Mr. i Garner would have the strength, even if he had j the will, to go through another such experience. The scene in the room was an almost exact repetition of that in Nelly Warren's case. The woman, Phoebe Thompson, was one of the class among whom Mr. Garner had laboured so zealously, and, as far as 1 could gather, with so little result. She lay stretched at full length upon the bed, dressed as she had probably rtturned from a drinking bout the night before. And across the throat was a great wide gash. There was this difference between the two cases, that another lodger in the house had seen Thompson stumbling up the stairs elmrtly before midnight, much the worse for drink. There was certainly no one with her then. While the Inspector was making his investigations, I slipped away to Mr. Garner's lodgings. I found the landlady there in a state of considerable agitation, not on acoounb of the murder, of which she had not heard, but because of the state in which she had that morning found her lodger. He was generally so punctual, said the woman, that when at ten o'clock he did not make his appearance in the sitting-room to partake of the breakfast she had prepared for him, she had gone upstairs. Getting no response to her knock she tried the handle, found the door was not locked, and opened it. Sitting on the side of the bed she saw Mr. Garner, dressed in a loose overcoat and soft felt hat be usually wore out of doors. "He looked like a ghost," she added, " and give me such a turn, specially when he sat there all dazed-like and never looked upor spoke a word, that I ran down here to think what it would be best to do. Because he ain't got no relations about these parts as I knows on." Leaving the woman to get over ber " turn" as best fche could, I ran up the stairs and looked into Mr. Garner's room through the partly-open door before I ventured in. He was still sitting in tho position which had been described to me. "Mr, Garner," I said, stepping softly into tjj e rooin At ti 1G' £ound of my voice he lifted his head, and j saw tj, at be had relapsed into a state of hy, )notic lethargy, tho relult of the peculiar mental condition in which be had been living the last two or three days. "Come, rouse up," I exclaimed, as I took the usual steps to awaken him. He etartei\ looked at me with a puzzled stare for nearly a minute, brushed his hand across his forehead, and generally behaved like a person emerging from a state of stupor. " Where am I—what does it all mean?" he cried. Then, with a cry of horror I sball never forget be started to his feet aud exclaimed, "There has been another woman murdered." "There certainly has," I said, "and close by, too. But how on earth did you know of it ? The body bas only just been found." " I have been dreaming about it all night," he said, in a sad, weary tone, which cut me to the heart. " Look here, Mr. Garner, you must get out of all this at once, whether your work suffers or not. We shall have you in a lunatic asylum very shortly if you stay here." He made no reply, and I went on— " I'll just run down to the place and bring you what particulars there are, while you change 3'our things and freshen yourself up a bit. You look as though you had been up all night." "Who is it this time?" he asked quietly, taking no notice of anything I had said. " Her name is Phojbe Thompson," I replied. Waiting a moment to see how he took the announcement, and finding that it seemed to make no impression, I went out, pulling the door to after me. I bad only been in the murdered woman's apartment long enough to learn, from the Inspector that, grasped in her clcnched fist, he had found a black oloth-covered button, such as are used on men's coats, when a woman's terrified shrieks resounded from the street below. Leaving a constable in charge of the room, the Inspector hastened downstairs to ascertain the cause of this fresh tumult. We fonnd Mr, Gamer's landlady in a state bordering upon frenzy, and learned that ber dger had cut his throat. It was even so. We found f Mr. Garner in bis his shirtsleeves, lying on his back across the bed, with the blood streaming on to the floor from a gash in his throat inflicted evidently with a large clasp knife still grasped in his hand. It was impossible to save him; by the time a surgeon arrived he was quite dead. But the tragedy was not yet ended. There were marks of blood upon his clothing and upon bis left band which from the position in which we found him, as well as from the fact that the blood was dry, could not have been caused by the wound he had inflicted upon himself. The Inspector, chancing to look at the thin black overcoat Mr. Garner had thrown off, was struck by the similarity of the buttous with that found in the murdered woman's grasp, as also by the fact that one was missing and had evidently been recently torn off with considerable force. In one of the pockets of the overcoat also were marks of blood as though a bloody hand had been thrust in. Piecing together bit by bit one link of evidence with another, we could come to no other conclusion than that Mr. Garner's mind had been thrown off its balance bv the shock of the sudden discovery of Nelly Warren's murder, rhat he had brooded over it till the whole affair, as he had informed me, was present with him day and night, that lie had seen this woman leaving a beerhouse in a similar condition and under similar circumstances to those in the other case, and that he had tracked her to her lodgings, and then, or afterwards, cut her throat. I did not believe, I do not believe now, that Mr. Garner knew what he was doing. Not that be was mad or insane as such a condition is generally understood. But the morbid susceptibility to which he was subject had prodisposed him to an attack of homicidal mania, which was aggravated and started into activity i by the unfortunate hypnotic experiment he himself had suggested. After I left him, ; having for the time dispelled the vapours by j which his mind had been beclouded, and •. avowed WUI^VU him •""* to — a — fuller consciousness — of his ! actions, something must have occurred to lead him *-'- »o 6vip]>os8 that he *•- himself *--' " was in this case the murderer ; a discovery quite sufficient in a person of such temperament to induce the suicidal act lie then committed. _ - Viceregal Photographers l>y ^^/xmA&XlS.; special appointment to their lix- —-J J cellencies the Earl and Coum^ss of Kintcre. Highly finished and Exquisite Phato graphs. Cnbiuets, 12s. 6d. perdoz.; C.D.V.'s, 7a. G.L ier doK. Our Pl&tinotype; Pictures are acknow- by art connoisseurs to be the uiost Artisiia Iledged StyV of Photograohv yet produced. Address— King lfilliam- stroetand 6£, RoEdle-street, Adelaide. 63mliso • ' ' : • | ; :;i ' 