I'coplc 1'e mlRead About. lcernhaedt, Ptti, and Langletry are each engaged in waitirg a book. L-rd Ir tJn n nas the sixteenth carl who died in 186)1. Lord Lytlic was a believer in ghosts. His seat, ICKntbeworth, woas haunted, he was con. tinred. Hliram Chaec, an Indian of the Omaha tribe, hase been permittled to the practice of Iho law at Omahln. hirs. K1ndal is the inventor and patentee of a Ilnmp and candle shade, from the sale oi which she derives a very handsomc pre lit. Diemnsk, is what in Germany they call a "chain smoler," that is he smokes from morning till night without a break, lighting one cigar with the end of the other. Ilis full name, with its titles, was the Jtight honorable Edward Robert Bulwar. Lytton, Earl of Lytton, 0.0.1., CG..S., O.L.E., L LD., but the groat world will know him beet aned remember him beat as Owen Mereditllh. A strange figure on lthe streets of Wash. lglton is that of Joeephlina J. Jaroeoki, a Polish countesa and a grandniece of Count 'alaski, of rcvolutiol:nry lame. She Is dcEcribed no a" human dried apple," poor to indigence and ehabbil'y dressed, and she is about filfty yena old, lflr twenty-five years she han boon fighting for a fortune left by Count Pulaski, 11le, ]ilcreeo, the young Roumanian re. nectly rudmilled to practioe law in France, is a tall, gaeceful, and dark.haired girl of twenly.three. She is the is only child of a banlker at 1Uucharect, and in that city shae has hung out her ehinpgle. tier course of instruction In the law in P,.rio lasted for six yenre, and due ing thaCt time rte wns ab sent but one d.y from tili looture room. Paul do Chaillu says lthat whenover in the foreetot Aletica lo ecucunlered a gorilla hin lilf hungt onoa nltuder shread, for either he or the gorilla had to die. Inasmuoh ni tile genial traveller i ,till alive, it seems likely that Ihe gave a quietcs to more than one of the big apes. According to hl. du Chaillu the female gorilla sleeps at night in the branches of a tree, while the male reposes at the base of. the tree to keep her from harm. 