I)ANGEhlOUS JOKING. fl rARTIN wons thi eldet son and lhopa of c r Mr. Lord, the Squire of Morton. Ilia aniable disposition and supe fior intel. jeet procured for him universal love and esteem. M?artin was a great favourite with the girls, old and young ; but Ihe never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he became intimate with Isabella Asllton, the daughter of the clergyman. Ionhella was young and the mosnt thought. loes girl in the villnge. She could have little sympatly with u person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Martin; and, beautiful as se wona, it seemed strange that -Ieo should have given his love to her. Martin ancd Isabella Ihad been pointed out or lovers by village gossilps for several months; he was now nietOeln, and she was of the same ageo, when the incident about to beo related occurred. One evening Isabella had a social gather. ing of young people at the house. Martin, of courseC, was presentC , with tie fairest youeths and sccaiaens; and the company enjoyed themselves freely with josts, songs, anld socinl gaicnee. The hbnr alt wlichl such parties usually Ireketo up hall already passed, when csomeo one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been reeported as havicng beec seen icc the vicictty of the churchyard.. "It is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can boliuvo that a ghost has really brecn eenol .hero; and I doubt if lilly person hero believes in the existence of ghlloats. " You do yourself, you Iknow you do, Martin, nlthoulh yoci acre ashamed to own it," cried Icsabcln; but Martin only laughed. "Come,now," continued thello thoughtless girl, " I can prove that you have somno idea that csuet things may exist. Go to the church. yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear." And what woucl that provoe" " Why, you will be frightond, though you should seeon nothing. Your fears would plut your belief to tile test. ]law could you be afraid if you dtid not fool that there was something to be afrald of?" " I do not think your logic in the best icc the world," repllied Malrtin, laughing. " But I deny, in the least place, thean journey to the clurchyard, even at midnlght, would frihtllen eoin the least." ;i ia, ha I but you shall not esnapeso," lauighod lsabolla. " llre, before these, our friends, I promise tIhat this ring shall be yours," she eontinced, displaying one given er by an old lover, whlich Martin Ihad esired lher to part with, "lprovided you go to the churchyard alone, in tile dark, nnd declare one your honour when yocu return that you were lnot afraid," "Agreed," said Martin, buttoning his coat. " And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring back with you the irone bar whiclh you will indl close by thell gate," said lsabelln. 'lThul driven by taunts to tile commission of a folly, Marlti took leave of the company, full of courage antd spirit, and sot out on his errand. lie marched soteadily to the church. yard, stoppled a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gloamcing faintly in thoe ldark and desolate ground, for the stars shoneo brilli. Anil y in the clear, cold sky--then taking up tie bar of iron of whichl Isabella chad epoken, set out to return. 1e had proceeded about Ilhalf way, when, in tile gloomiest part of thoroad, he saw a white figure emerge fromn a clump of willows and come towarcds him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in all instant. Couraggo give place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and is I blood rulening chill with lorror, still he stood his ground. The'lie spectredrow nearer, sceming to grow whiter and larger as it Approached. We cannot tell what frenzy seized spaon the braiu of the shelappy youth at (that moment. Ie raised the bar, and unshed upon the spectre. Tihe guests at the clergyman's house hoard terrible screanls. Dreading some trngic termination to trhO farce they rashed to tile spot. They found Martin kneeling on a prostrate figure, his fingers clutchhing convulsively at its throat, while he still uttered frantic shrieks for help. One of the young men forced Martin to relax Iis hold on the throant of tihe .flgre, whilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosed the blood-nstainod features of Isabeila, dis torted in death. Martin utterod an untearthly shriek and fell lifeless upon the corpse. lie never spokongain, and lived beut a few months, to die an idiot. NEVER TELL A LIE. 1ov.vo eran, never toll a lie; especially i you happen to be a marreld man and your wife is a woman who knowe what two and two make-or, at all events, hardly over tell one. A lio may seem harmless enough at the time,, but it will stick to you lice wax. Liston to what George Wnashinglon Sploggs has to suffler i consequence of a little fib he onoo told. Georgeo had been ouet .to supper at a bachelor -friend's diggings, and, in the natural order of oventst, le wan off colour the following inorning-ho had, In fact, about a No. 11 nauseo, eandacho, and thirst. At breakfast his wife wondered whry lie had no appetite for the nice fat bancon - at least, it would have been nice if it hadn't been ratllher cindory on one side and not cooked on the other. And tlhou he didn't take his tea, and she was sure Ice couldn't complain of its not being strong enongh, for it had been stewing on the hob for three.quarters of an hour,. And the mntargariue wasn't so very strollg but what a healthy manll ight lehave eaten the toast. So Oeorge had to explain, and he said Ihe didn't feel very well- ruather bllious , ho thonght thie salmno they hand for supper last aigl?t hadn't agreed with hime, Now, this was' the lie, Gc'rgo didn't think anytllhing of-thie sort,n and tbey had d 't Iad allny snllnon for clpleOr . If hle lad beon well eloughe to tlhink at all, leo woulld have kcnoa'n tlhatlbtsas thlat -lnlst, Ilalf glass of whisky. lhIt he recoklnely told the lie. George struggled into Iis oercaest, and after desperato Ueldoavours Ianasged to ssllcoro Ills hat on to hfs svwollen head; and be went onff to the oflico wondering why nolneebody didln't e invenb Ihat*horns on tle prlenlplo of tile shoel-horn. \- And Nemesis nlmarkeld hIimn for hler own, Mrs. Sploggs saw thlroughl tlat Ilo- in a twlekllng, and slse determined to have hIor revongo for thie deception Georgo had tried to inpoeo lpon her. Thisil- whlat now en Georgo foeels incolileEd to to laveO a little toddy at Iomeno before goIng to bed Mrs. Sploggs will got out ti glasses and deenontere and put the kettle on tle fire, and will askn: " Will you haleo any lemon In your ealmoe George "' Whcen a friend comes in of a nighlt to see George, and Georgo asks him to havoe a ip, Mrs, Splogen always snakes a poles of oaleleg the' frlned.if Ice lltos Ills l salmon " sot or coldl and then explanatlons hlave to be glonn cIchl makes Georgo feel somowhlat And thento crowll all, she has coached up thoe lavey in tlhe joke. The other nighit, whec the decanter was found to be empty, she rang for thie girl, gave hler someo money and told Iher to go roued to thie " Golden LIoe" for a bottle of throc.and.sixpenny " salmon." And the girl grinced as hie took the money and wont for It. Georgeo is beginning tol thin lthaot tihce sltuntion will remain unaltered untlil ilo joins a Band of Hope and buys a few yardsl of bhles ribbon, Iagistnrat (to flr;oneclr) I HIfvo yotl ally rtanhcin s to asnic 1'' prisoner (u barber) " Yes o your woralip, Your llar wenta cutting.' 