LOVE BETTER THAN SACRIFICE: AN international conflict. By OSCAR 1' A IIIC. CHAI'TKK HI. strain i:i» kixa ticms. T Thev were to Mail -it eleven tin; next twuniny. i from Mrs. 11;11<!ick. asking Mist limy whether she would not go with them, i:I had sent an ntlit niative answer. It was i: hail wished to make, lull she hail not .1'. il.nt Signor Manonti should ho of thrir .n.‘i« fell nntinvrd lliai Mr-.. Hiudick should mr.-rtSmed 1 lip proposed OM-iirMnn while hr ; rrv:it. and vet she was not mi unjust a- to upon that lavly even tliegem lest of rrpio.n lies, n. unfortunate; that was all. Signor •onli had plainly not hot a pertain teal or aed devotion, which had declared itself some l.s before when he had met hci in London, iiiiii li o (Vended her without her being aide to le.nly why, beyond the fact that it was dja il. Nothin:: in thenatnie of a proposal !■.,,! 1 u 1 ln-en made to her hv him. and she , not say that at any moment of their no ,.-i.-.intancc this man's conduct was other thnn 1 it 01 a gentleman, making allowances foi 1I10 1 :i!- leio es of expression belonging rcspeetivcly to i-•- stxon and Latin races. Nevertheless, in n'l )... intercourse with her there was a warmth which chafed her constantly, though it never ap 1:died a limit where she felt justified in rc-ent i it.It ■cemed toiler now that she did not e.-nv 1 make one of the party to the entaromh* if lie, • -n.wnstohe of it :andshc had quite made rip her mud that she would icinain with her father for i-,.- day. Not that there, was any necessity for I,,: -.-I vices. He always declared peevishly to 1\. .is siteli oiler of hers, that his servant suited l,-:n belter than anyone else. She went to h-itting-p'-oii when she left the party in the p.-.-v inu roi.ni and gave him an account of the pn- riny. She concluded it hv snyiny “They are pi yoiny to the Catacombs to- morrows and for a (iriieon the Campayna and lunch. They asked n.i- to yo. hut I prefer not." had not looked at her or spoken during count. Now with hi* eves still on the wood fore him lie asked—“M'ho arc toyo, do you He "Mr. and Mrs. Ihirdiek-, Mr. Thorndon, Signor Maieonti, and the \011ny yentlcnmn who spoketo 11?in the I-'oir.m to day. Mr. Dormseu." *• 1 '■ ish you to yo with them." Slu- look's! at him in surprise. He never spoke la this wav l ot for some teason of weight with linn, and she could not enin-cive wlmt it might portend. lint her response, to Mi-s. Jtmdiek's {tuif.ii v was—“ Yes, 1 shall yo with you." Tki ic were two carriages fur the party. and ns they drew up at the doors of the hotel Signor M&reonti; stepped eagerly forward to assist Miss Mnwhrav and secure a place hv her side. Her eve* had rauyht the movement, and she impulsively turned to llormscn. who stood near her. and sniil, ••Will you ride with Mrs. Hunlick and me, Mr. Dormseu ? " Donn.-en.with a quirk Hush of pleasim-.-teppod ■before the Italian without notiriny the purpose of the latter,over who eface passed an anyry scowl. It'll Dorm-on saw nothiny of it. and, aller a.-s-.*; iny the ladies to their plavex, fqllowi-d them into t' .- - .-.rriape. The second earriaye held the o' her t ,-ce yentlemen. They drove down the modern Y,i Nationale with its monotonous rows of tall ;o:-l tiylv lmildinys ; through the narrow streets of tie-older and i>ooier qumtcis lu.tween the t'npi toline nr.d the Cjmrina! : near the snot whrie Tarqxinia drove her chariot over the wcad ls-dv nf her fallu-r: past the prim arches of the • ‘olosseuni then lietween the yardened slopes ot tlio Volatile: and t'.eiiiis, and the waste lauds of this deserted quarter of Home; thrmiyh the ancient walls l>v the yate of St. Sebastian and into the Appian Way. They halted where a gateway opened on a broad prove! walk. '* I have arranged." said Sipnor Maii-enti, as they all straw! toyeiln-r at the entiar.ee, ••‘m a more extended walk throuph the ( utncotnb' than visitors usually hav e." They passed on to the steep stairway, made at some rei—nt date for a nm:e eonueodious dr.-i'-iit to the nus-apvs he'.ie.v. To e.n-li vvas piveu a loop hyluc-d tape:, and pre-mil'.' they Mood far under pionnd on the uneven surface, of iheuppcrmnM of thee dismal tunnel-. INeryoue knows, at least by di-sriit.tion. lliepenera! ti-aturesol thefataeumln. hut no one van ceitreivr i-xeopt l,y personal ex n-rienee the hoiiihle ih-pns-ion which ever p.nhers weiplit as van wind onw.-.n! ill t'nat in ;t •ndnahle yrave. I "poll all our party there mine a sudden silence, as vlie hist ray oi sunlight failed ami tl-.eir fitful toieln s threw strange. ghost-like yleains into the channelled spares, i.t.inrhiny ever riti'i mien from riyht and lelt ns they ndvanecd, or on some pallid taines and skulls grinning at them from the opened niches lle-y weie passing. Thev were walking in a tunnel, whose, roof e sea reel v above their heads : the floor uneven and nipped*: the w ails so close toycther in plnees that their clothinp almost touched on caeli side the rmicly excavated.'toil'-, tin they went, turning and v. indrng, now on a sharp desrvut. and even, as it ic.-iaed. plunging rloeper and deeper into tlio depths oi the earth. 11 i-rc.nnr too fearful 10 endure in silence, and a gaiety that was evidently tnrced and unnatural ei-hoi il along the galleries. A remark, which oyild U- toitun-d into the seni 1 lame of a jest, won hi amuse peal? of laughter. Vo think in silence was torture. The place was enough like a tomb, without these endless graves, toshake the stoutest lit ait unfamiliar with its iiorruis ; lull to cveiyone the uueolVmed skeleton* half disclosed fmiii amid their Idaek shadows 1; ha the passing glimmer of the tapers i-ed the terrors ot the place. That man ■ woman must have all* art of stone, a spirit of v od, who can go unmoved throuph the Cata r-mhs. He is not a coward who shrinks from it, .-.lid whose lip pales in those hideous vaults: hui he who really feels the nameless terror and I n.iuri-s it is blessed with a courage of generous 1 "'shall11 it never end !" muttered Christopher llormscn to himself, as they seemed In go deeper draper. Ii^ nlonc of nil uppcurcl to have no heart even for the allectcd hihirit.v of the "•siirrs A eold perspiration caught the light in einumcrahle tinv drops all over his face and I-uhcad. It was not thu warmth, of that underground air, for he shivered from lime 10 time as though chilled. It weighed uj>on him -n in horribly than a nightmare, from which we f trugglc in vain toboirccd. I hecloro walls seemed I-' ptess ujion his lungs, and the burnth ratnc ! .1 mured as witli an eflort. lo him it was not consciousness of the uses to which these aw-tnl nil* were put: uot the graves and their tlc.-hless ; eiitii that made, the torturo so great, but the sense of eonlinement. of suffocation, of slow death hop'dca- g.is)'s for air. He did not speak. He i eaid the voices*—the laughter of the oflieis, as m » dremn one hcais the speech of others from some V lit. distance. Jiis mind caught no sense of w hat He was walking just In front of Miss Mowbray r ml la-hind Mnrcont i.wlio was following t he guide. Mr. iiurdick was the last. His interest was not so 11 as to make it luohablc he would wander from :ie- party. so that tiiev weievery sure to remain -I compact hodv.w hile he was the hist and the gmdo :.r..t. Some icmark of Miss Mowbray s ■fused the Italian to turn towards her, and. as he did so, his yes fell on Donnscii’s face. It was imi-ossthle that •»is keen vision !*iiouIii not iletect the outer s uw* iri-.-s His glance rested hut an instant on 1 'ormxen.mid he turned back again and walked on without speaking, though he lmd clearly looked echind him with the nuniose of making some reply :<| Mi.-a Mowbray. Ilia bloodless lips hcvnnie coin \- ic.-sed, and his'eyes Jicered down the unexplmcd g.o-sages thev passed with a vindictive light wlm-n ' as certainly not roused by the empty gloont into Which they looked. There arc men with whom : .mics rise into the dignity of tacts upon the uu-.tiied impulse of their own passions. \\\ e think ordinarily that motives to deeds of wrong must he juatitievl to the eommon sen-e of mankind , hut, a- ahvavs when we generalise, v.e inaac our r lo- too narrow, or omit to allow for the excep •1-.11-. And i! is trite to sav that 111 no field of J" -x-ihlc know ledge ate exceptions sc. many and so mevjdicahlo as to our general rules of mental phenomena. , Mr. Iiurdick, from his post r.t the rear, gave a-suraixc Item time to tinns ol hi- J«i' .‘ence. ' -ice m.w sounded along the l:n? before h r. •h-.iy!, niulllcd hv- tlie clo-e and winding :-ar 11,Oi. •• What udreadful wa.-te •■! Whom tins »• : < ouiiln't tlicv grow mushiooms -lo-vn ■ •- Mr. iiurdick." said his wife '■Tt'1-1'--'-'1 ■ • *' you are incorrigible. I Iveneve you we , th^catkedraJs into wino vaults it you could ht. ? “iio/no.’1 he aitstveied i "they dout^* those things for any purpose now—except fo< exercise." “Yes, if this fellow walks us nhout much more," esid Thiirtnloii, in a somewhat indignant ' rone, “ 1 shall wish wo had one of vour waggons down here, Mr. Bui.lick, to lake us back. I think we have walked a couple ot miles into these endless holes, and they are nil ipite alike lor anything lean see. One gionp of galleries and shelves ami family vault.-, ami hones is just like another group. Ilnw they ever got to tlirir own. ot distinguished it when they did get to it. is more than 1 cnti understand." He had scarcely spoken, when a sudden 'urn brought them to the foot of the steps hy whieli . they had entered, and a glimmerof dnylighthroku upon them. Without rettaeing any ol their steps, hut Iiv a wide circuit, they had again reached the entrance. When they stood once more in the day. i light even tho least sensitive among them felt the relief—the dear boonsof light and untram melled space. Dormsen walked quickly awav : towards tho waiting carriages, and Mr. Burdick ; follnwcrl him, leaving the others chattering over , the strange experience with a rclmmid to joyous j life that was no longer nfToctcd. Dormscn stood with uncovered head, wiping the i moisture from his forehead and panting hard :i> I though from some severe physical or mental ! strain, when Mr. Iturdick came up to him. j “It shames me,” said Dornisen, apologctirnlly, ; “that i am so murh atlrctcd hy that grave." “< 111, nonsense I " was the reply, “we all felt 1 queer. It's an uncc.mfortahle hole, or series of i holes rather. Hut I followed voti up liei- aus- I wanted to ask you something. You'll excuse me, ; j I know. I'm a blunt fellow and usually say what i I think, and ask any questions that come into my j Inail. I to you know this Italian, Mr.—what's i hi- name—Mnrconti " ' “ I saw him yesterday, after .the lui'lr rf'/m.v, | the lirst time. I do not know him more." i " Has lie any grudge again-t yon—dislike i yon for anything, you know ! Kvor got in his i “ How could it he, Mr. Burdick! No, I am ! sure not. We luvve nothing in common : no.” i •• Well, hr. looked at yon nnco while we were dow n in the Catacombs, as though he would like to lurry yon there and leave vim. If 1 was iu i your place I would keep an eye on him, unless I 1 was prepared to let him have. hi« own wav." j The others were coming up to tliein. Signer i Maremiti walking with Miss Mowbray behind I Mis. Burdick and Mr. Thermion. 1 “I hoped to have come in the carriage with von, i Miss Mowbray," hewas saying. “ I'o von think j I should have joined your party for the society of | the English rnnuj/i or the American 7" “They nre my friends, Signor Mureonti. 1 ! hope vou will speak well of them, or at least not ill. whatever vou may think." “No, pardon, Miss Mowbray! Not your •friends.’ There cannot lie a common ground between you and them. Ynuraunnt think tlirir thoughts' And tho other—Monsieur Dornisen— lie is a boy : hut 1 envied himliisprivilege.” He was watching her face closely, and saw the quirk flush whieli overspread it and faded as quickly again. He. placed his ow n interpretation upon it, hut in fact it only aro.-e because Ids words recalled her impulsive act. hy which she had spared herself this man's companionship in the ride. There was no opportunity for more. They had re.o-hed the carriages anil were soon seated and on their wav to their picnic ground, which was to he I under tlie shadow of the arches of one of the i Aqueducts, whose Ion” lines stp-t-h urrnss tho | < '.impagna. It was in deference to a whim of Mr. I Hui.Hi-k's that the phun was selected. To him j the oAutcrways were fascinating in pioportion to i tiled absurdity. ' It was one of the mildest of the Homan winter i days, and the shadows tempered the warmth of i the sun with their welcome shelter. The rolling j level of the Cumpngna stretched away on all ; sides; here to the lia/.e hovering above the sea ; ' there to the long, gray wails of the ancient city ; ■ and licfore them—to right nnd left—to the foot | of the Alban mountains and tho Sabine bills. The • fresh grass sprang in thick tufts about the foot of j the massive pillars of the Aqiirdurt. and green j lizards flashed here and there among the li.nes or over the grev stones. No sound of life reached ! them. Her mnl and within the eirele. of tlm-e dis | taut walls what life had tlirnhlic,! for long ages i < And there along the line of the Appiun V iv lay : the ruined tienlis of thore who bad walked tin j streets of tin marble city long before the. walls now looked Upon were built. And all nhout lay the desolate fever plngnc'Diasles. whore mne had been {dooming gardens m.i'1 waving liebls of corn. “How mill'll more vividlv," exclaimed ('lain Mowhiav, “I can picture tlie obi life of Knnm when I g' t away from ils distracting mixture of all the i-entiiries, and only see its great walls from a spot like this. My fancy ran pul what it will liehind them now." “1 could bo more enthusiastic about it," half grumbled Thoriidon. “ if they bad made their water-pipe tight. That is tin second drop this Aqueduct lias leaked into nivm-'-k.' “ Oli, this sort of thing," said Mr. Burdick, glancing up at Hie old arch above them with a look of disgust, “this sort of thing is a sham. When 1 think of the general inutility of such a contrivance, and the shameful waste of labour and money in-" “Mr. Burdick!" interrupted his wife,11 have you nnv conception of the delight of an unalloyed “ Or of conversation without vulgarity,” said Mnrconti, in a tone pitched so low as only tot each the ear of Clara Mowbray, near whom he had placed himself. “ It is better than coarseness," she answered, without looking at him. He hit hie lip and turned presently to Dornisen. ; “ And you, Mr. Dormscn, you find this expanse more generous than the Catacomb* of 1st. t ul " Yes, the Catacombs wetc appalling. I shall not reiicat my visit.’’ "Tliev arc not pleasant, Mr. Dormscn. It is , I not pleasant to be lost in them, should you j I think!" ! i “ Why do you suggest such a horror! asked . j Miss Mowhrav. _ _ , i “Has it ever happened!" Mrs. Burdick in- j quired, with a shudder. “Ah, ves! I will shew Mr. Dornisen some ; i d.iv," he said, as he turned again to that young \ ' nuin. “ something interesting in one of tue Caia- ; riunbs. I will take him to the spot where a man nme perished in awful ngonv. A few stops more would ihave brought him to tho light, hut lie db-d in the darkness and loneliness and horror of his ' sure, fate." . ! Dormscn ro.so and walked away w ithout reply ing. Marconti looked after him with a sinister ■ \- smile on his lips, which Mr. Burdick noted, it no ! one else did. Clara Mowbray w as conscious that some spirit,not altogether a iitting; guest, at a pic- ' trie, was moving in their midst, l*ut the feeling passed ■ ns tlio lunch progressed, and a more jovial temper ! asserted itself among them all. Even Marconti yielded to its influence, though that was not so ! irninrkahlc perhaps, since his was a nature that roubl plot and parley al the same time. And Dornihcu, while no never could l>o wholly himself with ii spirit so antagonistic to his own hreathiujj : the same atmosphere with him,yet felt,as ho could , not help feeling, the influence of the bright day : and genial air flJid, more than all Itcsides, tho : delight of a companionship which wak ln.*ginning to move him with strangeToree. the early after noon wore on and the shadows were growing . tow'nrds the east when they started ou their icluru ; ■ (To be cvntiiiuc&l; juilauy wm complaining tout sue coiddn’s rth ends meet. "Wells paid a border, whj ,o oil.* end vccetahleB ? “ •v is the lather w hose children are to> young ran delude them into the belief that the pro is nil there is of the circus ... dollars with holt* in them are paintu y :,lP hut tlusv are not half mi lai.ilullv usas holes without any silver dollars around lugli.hmnn went to New York and put Isiatilished in ltW." and rather prided him ou the antiquity of ins eMhimut 1 ho V his Yaukeo rival across the «a> ''ur ’-‘l ” n in this way: " Established yesterday. m. r. fdlow five years o d,.who bad . a ' • lershirts much tea, small for him, was om laj. .avinc been washed, put oo larse ns tho other bad nui c .. ' j wU shrugged lus shoulders, sWa ™ b around, and finally burst out with, .Mu, I oo fill lonesome in (his shirt , vmt. student, are organising ** ’ 'Id society, "free f.-.un pledges, bigV.,. and unity." and based on Viil and centlcnsr.bntJf. £!h'6 j, j lo'ul abstinence, but a member will be ullo xca to withdraw from the organisation whea-.rer [, the practice of its principle too much for 