INDIAN GHOST DANCE, In the Emmville Courier Lieu tenant McCarthy says :-" The tradi tion of g.11 Indian ghost dance has heen frequently explained, but it still retains its interest, It ia a tradition with the Indians that once a princess while wandering in the woods was conceived of a child, which was of divine origin. She returned to cainp, and the birth of the child waa pro claimed from trihe to tribe, The occasion of its birth was celebrated by seasons of festivity. Fearing that the young child would grow to manhood and be possessed of too much influence, several Indian medicine men decided to put to death the princess and child. On entering the camp of the princess they were confronted by the cbild who had (suddenly grown to manhood, and who stood in defence of his mother's life. Realising the miraculous or divine act the medicine men repented of their sins, and were after wards devout followers .of the princess and son, who fought all their battles victoriously. Before the death of Messiah, as their tradition teaches, he called together the various Indian tribes, and told them of bis second coming. He said that before be again appeared on earth, railroads, big stove houses would be built, and the white man, who would steal ail of their lands besides being very cruel, would come among them. The second coming of the Messiah for the purpose of exterminating the whites and reclaiming their lost lands has for some years been expected by the Indians. The direct cause of the recent hostilities was virtually produced by the ghost dance, which spread rapidly over the entire reserva tion. Previous to the uprising of the Indians a group of medicine men were in communication with the Messiah who appeared on a cloud. As a proof of his being, he held in his hand a saueer of water, ol which all drank, and their thirst was appeased, yet the saucer was still full of water. The alleged experience of this group of medicine men was sent to the many Indian tribes, and the ghost dance was immediately inaugurated as a conse quence. The mere announcement that the Messiah was coming affected over 700 or 800 Indians. Men often, like maniacs, would run from the camp for miles to meet the Great Spirit which they thought had come." 