The Doctors shook thoir Heads. 'I would give a million dollars for a stomach,' said a wealthy Ainorican recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but ho was not able to bay tho articlo oven at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardoner, but he wus ready enough to givo all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Hero is his stnry, nnd he shall tell it in his own way, 3Ir. Gaskin goes on to say : ' Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In December, 1832, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, ray uppetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad tasto in my mouth, which would fill with wutcr and slime, ihe latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My cheit uued to ? fill up' and my throut would swoll so I couldn't button my shirt at tho neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I becamo cxbauated and short of breach and had to call the doctor, and was iu bed five or six weeks. ' I then went as out-patient to tho Notting ham Hospital, aud after attending there for six months was rcry little better. I got an thin that I was liko a ghost walking mIviu , and my friends said it was all up witu uic. For eighteen months 1 kept getting better, then worse, and at last tho doctors recom mended me to try u change of nir. So I came to Darloy Abbey and my ^orinor master gave mo an indoor recommendation to Ibo Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, how ever, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I bbw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, 'you are in a galloping consumption, and must die ; tho other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, oat shook their heads. ' Getting a trifle better my old master allowed mo to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, anil broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and (oa* afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and nioiitb wero dry parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat My tongue was like a picco of brown leather, und I could keep nothing down. I lust over a stone weight in three weeks. ' I managed to get np for a few hours at a time, but wus so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was al ways tired and weary, und sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no reU rest. Too weak to read I often But for hours looking at my hands — notning but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. ' The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' X can do you no good; I can only patch yov up, because your lungs are diseased. I then gate over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. Bot nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you, won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' ' About the middle of March, 18S9, a neigbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to mo, ' Tom, did yon ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup '!' and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three day my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a fow .days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought tbe improvement, and I told him, as I tell evoryone that Motber Seiccl's Syrup had saved mv life. I com menced work at once, and have oerer lost a day's work since. ' Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong -as ever in my life and have continued so ever since.' In giving his consent to the publication of tbis remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin re quests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetloy, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was tbo complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly {as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gas tric catarrh), which has lung symptoms liko consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When tbe right remedy, Mother Seigel'f Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of tbe digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily con gratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 120s 