CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. A congregational and public welcome was ac-<*> corded the Rev. J. T. Robertson, the newly appointed minister of St. Andrew's Church, at the church in Wakefield-street on Thursday evening. The Rev. W. F. Main ooonpied the chair, and there was a very large attendance. Addresses of wel come were given by the Rev. A. C. Sutherland onbehalf of the presbytery, the Rev. G. Hogben, the Baptists, and the-Rev. J. B. Stephenson, the Wesleyans, while a letter of apology for aon - attendance was received from the Rev. F. Hastings, who was to have represented the Congregationalists. Dr. Robertson, Messrs. Henderson, Batt, Skethe way, and Stevens also weloomed Mr. Robert eon, who, during the evening, was pre sented with a gown and cassock by Mr. Mais, who made the presentation on behalf of the ladies of the congregation. Mr. Robertson, after thanking the meeting and the speakers for the splendid reception they had given him, stated that there ware growing np in oar midst a large number of young men and women who neither attended prayer or fellowship meetings, nor belonged to literary societies, from which 'they might gain much good. He suggested that the St. Andrew's Hall might be used for the purpose of a club so as to bring some of these young men tmder the influence of the church. The ?"I?™—"Arise, shine," "What are these," and "Oh, taste and see" were sung by the choir under the leadership of Mr. W. R. Pybus; while Miss Shellon and Mr. W. M. Green rendered solos. Before the meeting concluded Mr. Fomaehon, on behalf of the congregation, presented the Rev. W. F. Main with a handsome dock for his past services. The executive of the Christian Endeavor Union met on Thursday night. The secretary reported communications from Brisbane, . Sydney, and Melbourne unions. Letter from ' Rev. J. Robertson, M. A., stating that medical advice prevented him taking bis place as a sneaker on June 20; Mr. J. J. Virgo will fill the,.vacancy. The following societies were passed for enrollment in the union:—Sema phore and Melbourne street Wesleyan, Stiiline East, Stunmertown, and Good wood Bible Christian, Parkside and Hilton Baptist, and Rose Park Congregational; the Kadina society passed conditionally. The treasurer reported donations from Mr. E. C. Saunders and Mrs. S. L. Evans. The convention committee bad arranged for the evening gathering to be addressed on " Possibilities of Christian endeavor," " Rela tion of society to church," "Aim of society," "Endeavor in relation to missionary enter prise," besides the greetings from Hosieries. Sir. A. W. Fletcher, B.S&, was appointed a delegate from the union to societies in Great Britain. Mr. C. J. Holder was appointed chief editor for South Australia to the inter colonial endeavor paper to confer with sub committee as to the first issue. On Thursday evening a confirmation service was conducted in All Saints' Church, Hind marsh, by Bishop Kennion, who took as his text "The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, tie love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with you." His lordship gave an excellent address, and those confirmed were reminded of their responsibility. Fifteen were confirmed. The incumto&t; (Rev. H. M. Pollitt) read the introductory preface. 