fisher's ghost. TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY TF.LEORAPn. Sir, — I have just received a letter from Mr. W. T. Stead in which, after informing me that he has mado tilo report of tho Royal Commission on Strikes one of tho " Books ,of- the Mouth" in the Jteview of Hcviews for January, lie asks mo if I could get him " authentic particulars, with verification, as to what is erroneously described tho ' Bal" larat Ghost ' iu ' Real Ghost Stories' " (page 83). Mr. Stead adds that he lias received several letters about it, from which he gathers that the murder took place, not at Ballarat, but in New South Wales ; that the murdered man was called Fisher; and that the facts are really as stated m the Clu'istinas number of the jieview of licvinwn. Thestery, which was taken from Ur. Lees' " Glimpsej of the Supernatural," is to the elfeet that about 25 years ago a grazier was suddouly missed. Three weeks aiterwards his partner saw the ligure of liis late companion, " apparently as real and lifelike as could be, sitting on tho ground hy tho margin of a deep pool, with liis left hand bent nesting on liis ielt knee." The ligure twice pointed to u deep hole in the water beside an overhang- ifig tree, and vanished. On search being made at the spot indicated tho body was found weighed down by a large stone and close by was a liatebet with which the mur der bail evidently been committed. This was identified as having belonged to a certain advonturer who, on being charged with the murder, and found to ho possessed of certain valuable documents belonging to tiie mur dered man, eventually confessed his crime and was executed. The above story is said to have been abundantly testified to in the court of justice. As X have no personal acquaintance with the Ballarat or, indeed, with any other ghost, 1 am uuable to supply Mr. Stead with tiie desired information. Should any of your readers, howovur, bo more fortunate I would bo glad if they would kindly communicate the lucts without delay. — x ours, etc., PiOECY K. MEGGY. 153 Glenmorc-road, Paddington, February 24, 1892. 