A STORY OF MADNESS AND THE 5aTTP"EVD1SJ A TTTB A T. OUIJCiAiIOAlUAiaUi Deeming came before the public a little too late for Mr. Stead's Christmas ghost stories, but from a bint which the sensational Editor of the Beview of Reviews has since dropped it is not unlikely he will yet be honoured with a place in another edition of his world-oiroulated, nerve-shaking anecdotes. What little is available aB to the early career of Frederick Deeming is associated, whether oorreotly or not has not yet been determined, with a story of madness and the supernatural. Mrs. Deeming, the wife of Edward Deeming, brother of the prisoner, declares in an affidavit that his father died an imbecile in Tranmore Workhouse, Birkenhead, and Edward Deem ing has deposed that hiB father frequently com plained that he heard supernatural noises, shortly before Frederick's birth, states Edward, the family lived in a house where a murder accompanied by mutilation was supposed to have been committed. After their mother's death Frederick and Albert de clared, according to Mrs. Edward Deeming, that they saw her. She beckoned to Frederick, and then faded away in a green ight which surrounded her. All the members of the family, adds Mrs. Deeming, were sub ject to similar delusions. Mrs. Albert Deem ing and Mrs. Walter Deeming testify that Frederick was from his earliest years of a very roving disposition. When quite a boy he several times ran away from home, and ap peared to be almost beyond parental control. Before he was out of his teeDS he went to sea as steward on board a sailing ship trading from Liverpool. While acting in this capacity he visited various parts of the world, and ulti ; mately left his vessel in Australia. Here he appeared to have continued his roving life, ana among other pursuitB became a gold digger. About the year 1880 he returned to Birkenhead, and took up his residence with relatives, to whom he appeared to be worth a considerable amount of money, the pos session of which he accounted for by stating _ that he had been successful in mining operations. Frederick Deeming who was born at Birkenhead, Cheshire, England, in 1853; suffered from brain fever in Calcutta; and on returning home, adds Edward Deeming, his mind appeared to be affected. He suffered from the delusion that he was a person of distinction-a delusion which, by-the-by, does not seem to have ever quite deserted him. The prisoner, it will be remembered, told Dr. Springthorpe that his father brutally ill- treated him, that his mother had been in a lunatic asylum, that he mmself had been in an asylum before he was twelve and when he was sixteen years of age, and that he had been called Mad Fred in his youth. But prisoner's statements to Dr. Springthorpe were obviously characteristic of statements generally by the prisoner, the most modern Munchausen, who also Baid he had visita from his dead mother, and that she incited him to kill bis wives. It is, however, remarkable in connection with the story of madness and supernatural that Alfred Deeming had adream of the Rainhill murders in the month of August, soon after they were committed, 