CAT SUPER3TITION3. Girt around with fc»r' 6nd.myetory'and subtle associations of evil, tho' c&t; comes down to ub through tho centuries'; and from ? every land fresh traditions of sorcery claim it for their own. ? In Brittany is still whispered tho dreadful 'tale of tho cats that danced with saorilegious gleo 'around: tne rruoiux until their Ring was killed ; and in Sicily men know that if a ?blaok cat servo- eovon masters' in turn ho carrier tha soul of the seventh into hall. ? ??-In Rtfssi* black cats become dovils 'at tho ond of eev»n yoarB, and in southern Europe thoy ari) merely eerving their apprenticeship as.witohe's. i* Norwegian ? folk-lore : is 1 rioh in ghastly stories like that of-tho wealthy millor wboso caill has fceeu t »ice burned down on Whtt*uu 1 night, and for whom a travelling tailor offers ;to keep ,watoh. Tho tailor nhalks a oirolo on the floor, wrltoB tlia Lird'u Prayer around it, and waits until midnight, when a troop of cats rush in and hang a great pot of pi'oh over tho fireplace. Again and again thoy try to overturn this pitoh, butovery timo tho tailor fri^ht'eng th'oin away ; ftnd when their , leader endeavours stealthily to draw him out side of his magic circle, ho outs oif her paw with his knife. Then ? thoy all'fly howling into the night, and tho next morning the millet seoa with joy hia mill stauding wholo and Unharmed'/ ': Bat tho miller's wife coward und^t the bedcli the?, offering hor loft hand to thevfrlilor,'dhd hidhlg as beat she can he: rightform's bleoding stump. l'or my pare, i conniuor mis ino ncsc oat story in all literature, full of Bugg^stivonsss and terror, yet picturesque withal, and leav ing aiqplo room in tho mind for speculation. Why was not the heir-apparont bidden to the' royal funeral ?' Was thoro a disputed suc cession, aud how are Buoh points settled ia tho mysterious domain of cat-hnd ? The notion that these animalT gather in ghost-hinted ohurohes and oastlos {for their nooturnsil revols is ono common to all parts of Europe. Wo remember how tho littlo maiden of tho Mountaiu Idyl oonfides to Heino that the innocent tlooldn^ oat in tho ohimney-oorner is really a witoh, aud that at midnight, when tho Btorm is high, sho steals away to tho ruined keep, where tho spirits of tho dead wait spellbound for tho word that slttll waken thom. In all Eooaea of impish ravoley o:U pUy a prominent pirt, although occasionally, by virtue of their dual natures, thoy oervo aB barriers against tho powers of evil. Thoro is tho fine bit of Italian folk-loro about the Bervant maid who, with no other I proteotor than a blaok oat, venturos to die- ! turb a procossion of ghoatQ on the dreadful Night of tho De^d. 4 It ia well for you that tho oat liea iu your arms,' tho angry spirit saya to her ; 4 otherwise what I am you also would bo.' Tho last 'palo .reflax of a universal tra dition'' I ? found two years ago In London, where tho bad behaviour of tho Westminster oats— provorbially tho moat dissolute and and profligate spaolmens of their raco— has given yUq to the pleasing legoal a? a country lioure vtitl cr these rfrkich fUjimfils retire for nights of gay festivity, and whcnco thoy return in tho early morning, jaded, r&pontawr;, and forlorn. — Agnts llcpp' hir, in the Atlantic Mmthhj. ' 