I'HE SLOWBOBFAMILY GHOST. There was no end of excitement at Hollydale when it became known that agentlemaure- joicing in the name of Timothy Slowjbob had purchased Cypress Grange! The old-house had been empty for many a'jear. . It was' once, the residence or a wicked'oldsquire, -who mortgaged his estates to the tops of the trees in the carriage drive, drink pbrt until he required ah escort to- bed. and was nicknamed Nimrotl on account of his sporting proclivities. The building, with its many painted gables, mcssgrown terraces, eiid surrouuding groan da, had an evil name, and it was not the sort of place a timid person would care to pass on a wild, blustering night, yrith sniv m the air, ; and the wind shrieking like a pack of banshees. The people of Hollydale all agreed that if Cypress Grange was not haunted, it ought to be, for it had -huge panelled' rooms, dim and mysterious corridors, galleries with here and there a pieco of old armour still remaining upon tiie walls, and vast cellars, where perhaps in days long past conspirators had whispered plots, or men, women, and children had lain hidden, and trembled as they listened to. the thunder of between Cavalier and Roundhead. So it was. just the very happy hunting-ground for a good old-faahionea ghost, grim, ghastlv, and deliciously transparent in the moonlight." Mr. Timothy Slowbob was delighted with the place, and he bought it out of hand, no extra charge being made for cobwebs, soiders, rats, ana mice. As for; the ghost, it. might walk if it liked, or keep away. Ke wis perfectly inde pendent of it, one way or the other, as he had a ghest of his own— a real -family ghost, ITfi Xirn a A fHAn ft Atinon win Vie with a handsome wife, a sturdy "son and heir) an extremely pretty 'daughter,' and plenty of Piuey-_ Some/people said that -ho had founded his lortune oil pickles : others that he had, so to speak; .tumbled .head first into a .mine of precious metal tiurzug the Australian gold fever; a few whispered that he had made thousands in a sine-le day on the Stock Ex change ; but all agreed that he was a jolly, open-handed, generous, plain-spoken,- no-hum bug- about- him gentleman, and that his arrival at Hollydale had practically saved the place. The grocer, baker, and, in feet, all the trades men, except the undertaker (who, by the way, know mora comic songs than anybody in the village, and sung them well, too), receivetLsuch astounding orders -that they uietin-th6-viila'Te street- and shook hands with eacn other. -Speech failed ; them. : and they : could do nothing hut gasp and grin in their delight. . . It was rather late ia December. 1880. when ih- small army of bricklayers, oirpentorsi. -fur- msbe.-s, etc., turned their backs on' Cypfcss Grange. and maideroom for the SLowbob i'ainilv aud t lie servants." - The very firettliing the hew squire did. .was to frame a programme forthe forthcoming holidays. The wants of the poor; we: u to be attended to, the school children to feast thoir hungry tittle inferiors .on. good ' things and their eye3 on a Christmas tree, ' with; branches ladeu with presents, and— well, lain' almost afraid to tell of; the 'wonderful things put down upon the programme, lest I should not be believed. One bright frosiy afternoon saw young Tim Slowbob driving his 'eister Dinorih to the rail-' way station in a waggouette drawn bya'pair of dark bay3," which could not be matched for 300 guineas. It was a smart" turn- out, and Tim handled the ribbons in a raasterly'style ; but smartest and prettiest of all was- Dinorah, with her cheeks glowing with health, her' dimpled chin making love to a sable boa — lucky boa !— her blue eyes dancing,''" and her tiny feet peeping out — they insisted on peeping out, and would take no denial— from under a large bear-skin rug. - " I wonder, Din," said Tim, as he made the whip crack like a pistol-shot, " if they will both come down by. the same train ?" To this question Dinorah " vouchsafed no reply. It made her -thoughtful, and ah expres sion half demure, half mischievous settled' on her lace. And not without reason, for Captain Herbs: t Kennnn — who had smelt gunpowder with bullets and canncu-balls at the business end of it, and was a 'perfect fire-eater— had whispered certain tender weirds in her ear, and repeited them on superfine note-paper embla zoned with crest and Monogram. But then Stanley Gilderson had done exactly the same thing, aad heigho 1 it was a choice of two, and the rivals were coming to Hollydale to spend Christinas. , . There had already, arrived one visitor at Cypress Grange— Tack Stanfield, the son of a Manchester man,' who'had worked his way up from errand boy to millionaire. Tack was a rather matter-of-fact young : man about two- aiu! twenty years of age, and looked the very last one to fall in love for some time to come. " Haven't time," he would say when spoken to on the subject. You Bee, my gnv'nor insists upon me attending to business, and I have to drive as hard at it as a junior clerk." lack Stantield and Mr. Slowbob went out for a ride on horseback, while Tim and his sister drove to the station ; and they were hack again just as the waggonette with its distinguished company and heaps of luggage came clattering through the drive, throwing up the snow and shaking down the hoar frost like 'showers of diamonds. ' Here they are !" cried Timothy Slowbob, running down the terrace steps. " "Welcome my noble captain ! — welcome Gilderson 1 God bless you and us all .' Merry Christmas'! Come in -come in ! What splendid weather for the holidays ! Ha, ha, ha !" That laugh was loud and joyous enough to set the church bells ringing out of very sym pathy, and the style in which Timothy Slow- bob shoos hands with the young men would have warmed a heart of stone. Captain liennou was a tall, thin man on the wrong side of 30 ; Stanley Gilderson was hi- junior by some five years, about' the medium height, dark, aad would have "been good-look ing hail his nose not been a trifle too long for his face. He and the captain travelled down from Loudon in separate carriages, and had said very little to each other during the exhilarating drive from the station. ovitoei seemea overpowered with joy tosee Jack Stanfield, who was tall, broad- shouldered, and as r uddy as if he passed his life in the open- air; ana to make matters rather more compli cated, he deliberately lifted Dinorah out of the fraggouette, and placed her, with her feet twinkling in the air, on a 6tep swept clean of the snow — which was a bold act; and a rather unreasonable one in a.yc'ung man who had not the time to listen to Cupid's arguments. The old diningroom teemed with light and warmth when the party assembled later on, ami if there was any cause for complaint, it certainly might have come from the sumptu- ously-laid table. " I have settled down at last to be a real old country squire," said Timothy Slowbob, rub- lung his hands, " and if life is granted me, I will play the part well. Bless me, I can look hack -10 years and see myself scuttling along the ioggv streets of London, with my breakfast iu one pocket and my dinner in the other. How little I thought then of being master of Cypress Grange, or dreamed of anything better than a small house and a bit of garden. But ihind you," he added, " I sprang from a good stock. The Slowbobs were great people hundreds of years ago, and oh my mother's side there is aristocratic blood enough' to turn the pages of Burke's Peerage blue. And that accounts for our family ghost." " Haw, - haw 1 '» laughed "Captain Itennon. " do you realiy believe in ghosts r" ' I don't want to believe — I am convinced," Timothy Slowbob rejoined. " I am not convinced, but I can believe," said .Tack Stanfield. "What is your opinion on the subject, Mr. Gilderson 4" " Weaily," replied the gentleman addressed, who was blessed with an interesting impedi ment in his speech — "weaily — now, weaily, I have never seen a ghost, but I darethay other people have. 1 should like to hear what Mith .Slowbob thay8." "Oh, I have never seen our family ghost, hut I must put implicit faith iu my father," Dinorah said. "It is one of his pet Christmas subjects, and no doubt he will tell you the story after dinner." _ "For my own part," Captain Lennon chimed lu. " nothing would delight me so much as to meet a ghost. I would turn the fellow to ac count — put him under a glass case, yon -know, and exhibit him as a curiosity all over the country. "Why, I declare — haw, haw ! — that Mr. Stanfield is quite pale." " Under the lamplight, I confess," Jack re plied. "But, to tell you the truth. I. have read and heard so much about ghosts thatl should not care to exercise my mind much on the subject, lest that " . " Tou would grow nervous," the captain interposed. " You may put it that way if you .like," Jack Stanfield returned. " I was about to say, lest it should trouble me, and bother my sleep with ugly dreams." Timothy Slowhoh's family gboBt wa3 tempo rarily laid, and other things discussed." When- ?yer Captain Rennon made a remark to Dinorah, Stanley Gilderson glared at him, and when Stanley Gilderson followed suit, the cap tain frowned darkly, and glared at him. »v hen the gentlemen were left to their wine it was easy to see that Timothy Slowbob needed ho encouragement to tell all about his family ghost, and one hint was sufficient to set him going. 1 The story," he said, " has been banded uown from generation to generation. In the days when Charles the First sat so unsteadily on the throne, one portion of the SIow- hohs lived in Buckinghamshire. Francis "low bob owned a goodly estate, and led a quiet, peaceable life, hut unfortunately hi3 o sons, .fine young fellows, took up - arms- Frank for the king, and -Philip for the' Parlia- meat. " r " ft was a miserable state of affairs for all concerned. Their grey-haired father implored them on his knees to' remain in brotherly love And at home, but 'he epoke to , deaf ears, and fatherly counsds passed unheeded. Frank rode away -to join a Cavalier regi ment bound for Oxford; -Philip enliBted at Ux bridge, which, after the fruitless attempt of the representatives of ! the opposite parties to form a treaty of peace, fell into the hands ®f the so-called Roundheads. " " The wiqter of 1616 passed away, and with the spring the .fighting .began" again in:- real rnee ii. „ e was fought "and won by Cromwell's i adherents, and no jaan felt morel flushed with triumph than Fhilip'Slowbob,- who for hiB valour had been promoted to a cap taincy r " Gn that veryday hehad led a squadron of ironsides to victory, dashing through the .thinned ranks of the bravo but despairing Cavaliers as if they were so much paoer. And now he eat in his tent, writing to his father, «? hy ill and heart-broken at home. " ' The war ii nearly over,' he wrote, ' and in a few months I hop6 to be with you again, to receive your forgiveness and blessing. If Frank lives, he will see. the error of Ms ways, and joiu the popular cause'- "He got no further, for the paper was sud-' denlv matched by an unseen hand, torn in a hundred fragments, and tossed contemptuously intheair. Filled with horror, Philipdasbed outof the tent, and fled to another occupied by several of his comrades. "White to the lips, he told them. what he had experienced; but he was only laughed at, and told he had been dream ing. " ' No, no !' he wailed ; I was in my sober, wakeful senses. My brother Frank is dead 1 " ® And slain by your own hand, whispered a -voice in his ear. ' Oh, brother, brother, that it should have come to this !' " ' Heard you not that ?' Philip shrieked. My brother's spirit declares it waa my hand that despoiled his body of breath. He cries for vengeance ; his blood is on cay bead ! Ob, mercifnl heaven, whathavel done?— what have I done V" " His brother officers, in alarm, sent for « surgeon, who, havimr bled him, administered a soothing draught, and ordered that he should bs put to bed without delay, and closely watched; for Philip's sudden malady was put ' down to a raging fever which often attacks! men fresh from the field of battle. "Philip made no resistance whatever. He rejieated his con vicliou -tbht'his : brother Frank was dead, and then lying down, talked calmly, but'sadly, to the man placed in the tent. " Now Philip suddenly saw a change -come" over the soldier. His cap .of steel becamo a' gaily-plumed hat, his breast-plate was trans formed into a tunic, and the man's rough features melted into the likeness of Frank. , "Philip knew that he was in the presence of jhisbrother's spectre, and he lay speechless, and bound under an awful spell. "'Brother,' said the ghost, 'do not take my death to heart. You slew me innocently in the charge, and all I ask is that you will leek my ; body, and see that it is put decently under the i 'earth. ' I died'tor my country, and I am per mitted to come to .you for.. a. brief time,, to tell you that; whenever a member of "our family is mdana.er of sudden calamity or, of harm being done.T shall warn him or her, as the case raav be. " Such I shall do in the spirit, because I. lost my life at my own brother's 'hands, : and. the curse that is npon him is upon me, "for we were at 'variance; arid our: hands against, each -.other. I am doomed to haunt, the.earth from time .to time. Adieu, Philip ! Throw aside your '-arms and" hasten 'home; our father is dying, and it is only right thatone of his sons, 'should raceive.his'hleasihg.'. 1 ; " Philip uttered a sharp cry and started up. and lo 1 there sat the Ironside, leaning drowsily on his sword. The young officer' was ' so much; impressed with the vision, -tliat onthe follow--11 ingday. be received permission- to return home. And'only just in time. His; fattier, was dying; the' sands of his life were' running out fast, but he was still conscious. _ " 'Oh,1 my son;' said the old man, 'I have prayed that" you might return. I have already seen Frank, but not in ttie flesh. ; He is dead- dead— dead 1 Woe the hour that , you , left my roof! And here under this roof lead a new life. Repent of the grievous' error you have committed. Repent in true sincerity of heart, for your time is short" "The old man's lips Amoved again, but the words died away, and his spirit fled. " Philip Bhut himself up in the old house, seeing nobody bnt'his manservant, and ere the year passed he pined and died." "Itbay," lisped Stanley Gilderson, as Mr. Slowbob' ceased speaking, " what a' dweadful sthory! Hath ttie ghohth ever been' theen?" . " On several occasions," Mr. Slowbob replied,- solemnly. " My grandmother was engaged to be married to a ne'er-do-well who had a greedy eye on her money, and the ghost' warned her. father of it; I firmly believe that if any rascal or adventurer ever came to my house the ghost would appear and frighten him out of it." ' Captain Herbert Rennon sat silent, and fidgeted about as if certain ugly thoughts troubled him. He was none too rich; and had made up his mind to woo and win Dinorah) hut he wished that she had a better name to change than such .a one as Slowbob. It cer tainly was not commonplace, but on the other hand it was neither musical nor aristocratic. "By the way," he said, "I should imagine that the family name was originally Sioebough, and became corrupted," " Slowbob is good enough for me, at all events," returned Ms hoBt, rather sharply. " If it had been Thickhead, I should have - had to pat up with it." On the following morning, after -breakfast, - Captain Rennou buttonholed Tack Stanfield, "and whispered something mysterious in his ear. " Oh, yes," Tack said ; "it can be managed: Without much trouble, but it is rather a dark plot. It might end in fits, you know." "I — I may trust you T hope?" the captain stammered. " Certainly." " Well, then, I don't mind telling yon that I am madly "in love with Dinorah Slowbob, and that I would charge an army single- handed to make her my wife." _ "T will get what tou ask, and have it sent down in my name," Jack said; "hut you must be extremely cautious. It would 'be a fearful ' thing if any mistake was "made. Fancy, for in stance, an inquest at Christmas-tide 1 The bare thought is too horrible to contemplate." About an hoar later Tack Stanfield went for a " constitutional " in the park. ; His face underwent several changes as he Btrode along like a young giant. Sometimes he looked very grave and exercised in his mind, but now and then he broke into a loud laugh, and snapped his fingers - contemptuously. Any stranger : might have thought that he was rehearsing a port . for; amateur theatricals, but there was something more than acting passing in Master Jack's mind. Suddenly the report of a gun and the whirr of a strongs winged pheasant startled Mm. . "Missed again, sir," said a gruff voice. "Hithed! I've done nothing but mith the. birdth. Here take the beatMy gun; Edwards ; my fingerth are tho numb that. I can't feel them. Ith time that.I went back, as luntheon; muth be. almost ready." " The1 victim— the rival, I mean," muttered Tack Stanfield. " And here he comes. Happy birds, to' have no more formidable' marksman to fear!" ' Stanley Gilderson was a sight to see. His "get up" would have made, the heart of a sporting tailor glad, for- his costume' was as' perfect hs his shooting was the direct oppo site. ' " " Ohj.Ithay, .Sthanfield, you. Are the very man I want' to thee,'' he cried. , . " You may go back, Edwards; and take, that 'beathly gun with you. . I ihan't want it' any' more' while I'm here." The keeper touched Ms hat as he pocketed half-a-sovereign, and muttered, as he turned upon his heel : " And a good job, too. The way he handled that 'ere gun made me think that he'd heen practising at bottles instead of pheasants." Stanley Gilderton took Jack . Stanfield's arm in the most friendly manner imaginable, and as' he began to talk, Jack's eyes grew rounder and rounder. " You'll doit for me, my good fellow, won't you?": Gilderson ' said. "You thee, if it cameaddrethed'to me it would exthite thuth- picion." " Very well, but" — " The fact ith," Stanley Gndersohinterposea, "lam im'adly "in love with Dinorah Thlowbob. My dear fellah, I'm steeped in love up to my fiager-hndth, hut I don't thee my way clear to propothe until" : " Say no more,'' Jack interrupted, "I will write soon after luncheon." On the morning of Christmas Eve a bulky parcel arrived for jack Stanfield, and as soon as it bad been conveyed to bis room he com menced to dance round it as if he had suddenly taken leave of hisBenses. : It was the witching hour of night, when churchyards, according to the immortal bard, yawn and graves give up their dead. Midnight 1 Let a man be where he may, there is something mysterious and uncanny in the air after the clock has ceased striking twelve, until chanti cleer, the herald of the morn, proclaims the coming day. Bold is the man who would prowl about the cloisters of the cathedral or meditate in an old Norman church when the earth is so still that silence' seems to have a voice of its own — ghostly nfkmnurings of departed sounds of busy day. It also requires some nerve to sleep in a house reputed to be haunted, and especially in one where the owner, like Mr. Timothy Slowbob, boasts having a pet family ghost. Jnst as the hands of the clock were pointing to the hour of twelve, and the hammer trembled and throbbed in its action to strike the gong, there appeared in the picture gallery the toll and spectral figure of a Cavalier. The costume of the ghost was perfect in every particular, even to the long gleaming rapier which his ghostship had drawn and clutched in a dead ;wl:ite hand. Ghastly ana luminous was the figure's face, and noiselessly moved the Slowbob family ghost over the polished floor,' bright and shining iu the light of the full moon. Oh, it was a blood-curdling and hideous sight 1 At both entrances to the bannted picture gallery ran a passage, with spacious bed chambers on each aide. Now, the spectre in entering . upon its midnight stroll must have passed Stanley Gilderson'a sleeping apartment ; if it held ,ils course, it wonld . come upon the room occupied by Captain Herbert Rennon. ©u stalked the spirit of the restless Cavalier. Suddenly ' it stopped and performed a very nn- ghostiike skip, for at the oppdsite end. of the: gallery stood a' rival.epectre ! Ghosts ore very jealous. 'They do not care for company, but- revel in solitude, and it is no wonder, then, that this particular ghost should be much pat oat at finding that it hud a rival in-a-select-Kne of horrifying harmless people into fits. GhostNaihber One lowered the point of its sword,', and craned its neck as if half convinced' that there must be a tall mirror at the end of, the gallery. Ghost Number Two seemed to be in trouble with its plumed hat, and came straight ou. " Ah-h-h ! Oh!" gurgled Ghost Number One. " Yah-h-h ! Oh !" shrieked Ghost Number Two. Then both howled in chorus, until the house resounded from end to end with the Mdeous sounds, and having startled everybody from their beds, fell flat and lay still. " Lord bles3 us, what is the mutter?" roared Mr._ Slowbob, tearing out of his bedroom. "Tim — Tack! there's either a pack of wild cats or the very deuce in the house 1" He was armed with a club, a relic of the past, such a one as the ungrateful savage might have taken Captain Cook's life with. "Don't he alarmed," said Jack Stanfield. . " The Slowbob family ghoBt has laid itself— or, rather, two of them. Come and see !" WheAthe servants came rushing upon the sceno with lamps and candles, and armed with weapons, from a blunderbuss down to a toast-; ing- fork, tho ghosts were found in . the picture gallery. . There, in the moonlight, cold, white, and motionless, they lay. Poor things, they had fainted. " What the dickens is the meaning of - this ?" bellowed Slowbob, ' senior. " Why, here's Mr. Gilderson and Captain Rennon tricked out like masqueraders." -" They bad better be taken to their rooms," Jack Stanfield said," and at a more suitable timel' will explain ali." ,, '" -Exnlaiu all gasped the oM.r. — " It will take some time to explain why my house should be turned into a galantyahou." :'Ey this time the " ghosts'' were slowly re covering, und.they were borne away in oppo site directions, as limp ae rags. Then Jack Stanfield gave,. vent to his feelings. He labghed till he cried, and cried till he laughed. He hung on to anytMng and everybody he could catch hold of, and looked so apoplectic that Tim Slowbob thumped him on the back like a drum and brought him round. "It's the funniest thing you ever heard of," he said, with tears of mirth still streaming from his eyes. " Captain Rennon asked me to get him a Cavalier's dress to play the ghost with. His idea was to pay Gilderson a visit, and ingnten mm out ot tne house. Ana— ha, ha, ha, oh, my sides 1 — Gilderson conceived the sameidoa, and I had the costumes sent down from London. They both rubbed their hands and fares with phosphorus, and— oh, brave ghosts of the Slowbob family 1— they met. I think— ha, ha, ha! — they would have heen ;glad to go underground, but tho floor was just a little too solid." ; Neither Captain Herbert Rohnon nor Stanley Gilderson seemed to care much for the Christ mas sports, and although no word waa uttered by their ' kindly host or any member of his family of the nocturnal revels, both had made 'iip 'their minds to leave Cypress Grange as soon as they could within the bounds of politeness. They departed next day, travelling in separate carriages, and each in his heart bade a long and lasting farewell to Dinorah. - Early in the ensuing spring the gallant cap tain saw'a notice in the Times to tne effect that Dinorah : Slowbob had changed her name to Stanfield. . "Confound it!" said the captain, tearing the paper in two. " She would have been my wife now if it had not been for that lying story about the Slowlrab family ghost." And, strangely enough', Stanley Gilderson was of the same opinion. — Weekly Budget. 