CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. A congregational and public welcome was ac corded the Rev. J. T. Robertson, the newly appointed minister of St. Andrew's Church, at the church in Wakefield- street, on Thursday evening. The Rev. W. R. Slain oecupied the chair, and there was a very large attendance. Addresses of wel come were given by the Rev. A. C. Sutherland on behalf of the presbytery, the Rev. G-. Hogben, the Baptists, and the ;Rev. J. B. Stephenson, the Wesleyans, while a letter of apology for noii - attendance was received from the Rev. R. Hastings, who was to have represented the Congregationalists. Dr. Robertson, Messrs. Henderson, Batt, Skethe way, and Stevens also welcomed Mr. Robert son, who, during the evening, was pre sented with a gown and cassock by Mr. Main, who made the presentation on behalf of the ladies of the congregation. Mr. Robertson, after thanking the meeting j and the speakers for the splendid reception I they had given him, stated that there were 1 growing up in our midst a large number of j young men and women who neither attended prayer or fellowship meetings, nor belonged to | literary societies, from which they might gain j much good, fie suggested that the St. I Andrew's Hall might be used for the purpose | of a elub so as to bring some of these young j men under the influence of the church. The j anthc-ms—"Arise, shine," "What are these," j and "Oh, taste and see" were sung by ; the choir under the leadership of Mr. W. R. j Pybus; while Miss Shellon and Mr. W. M. Green rendered solos. Before the meeting concluded Mr. Rornachon, on behalf of the i congregation, presented the Rev. W. R. Main ' with a handsome clock for his past services. j The. executive of the Christian Endeavor Union met on Thursday night. The secretary j reported communications from Brisbane, I Sydney, and Melbourne unions. Letter from ! Rev, J. Robertson, M.A., stating that medical j advice prevented him taking his place as a 1 speaker on June 20; Mr. J. J. Virgo will fill . the vacancy. The following societies were '■ passed for enrollment in the unionSema- : phore and Melbourne-street Wesleyan, 1 Stirling East, Summertown, and Good- ; wood Bible Christian, Parkside and Hilton : Baptist, and Rose Parle Congregational; the Kadina society passed conditionally. : The treasurer reported donations from ' Mr. E. C. Saunders and Mrs. S. L. Evans. The convention committee had arranged for the evening gathering to be addressed on " Possibilities of Christian endeavor," " Rela tion of society to church," "Aim of society," "Endeavor in relation to missionary enter- 1 prise," besides the greetings from societies. Mr, A. W. Elefccher, B.Sc., was appointed a delegate from the union to societies in Great Britain. Mr. C. J. Holder was appointed chief editor for South Australia to the inter- , colonial endeavor paper to confer with sub- j committee as to tho first issue. j On Thursday evening a confirmation service was conducted in All Saints' Church, Hind- ( maisli, by Bishop Ivennion, who took as hi3 text "The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, : the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with you." His lordship gave an excellent address, and those confirmed were reminded of their responsibility. Rifteen were confirmed. The incumbent (Rev. H. M, Pollitt) read the introductory preface. ; 