asks Brisbane Governer. MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 1893. Tun regrettable persistence of Ministers in forcing the Constitution Bill upon an unwilling Parliament conscious of its own incapacity is one of the most curious features of these phenomenal times. Sir Samuel Griffith appears to argue (1) that the exigencies of the situation demand the principle of three years' Parliaments to be set aside for the time being, and the life of the Assembly chosen under essentially diverse conditions in 1888 to be prolonged to its full maximum duration in 1893 ; (2) that the amendment of the Constitution in the form of his Provinces Bill does not admit of longer postponement and therefore (3) that the existing Assembly must be coerced to pass the bill lest it should falsify the principle of the inviolate sovereignty of Parliament. In a sense that sovereignty is no doubt as absolute as the most Tory advocate of prerogative could desire for there can be no question whatever that an Act passed almost without debate by Parliament on the last day of its existence is equally valid with one adopted after ex- haustive discussion during its first session. But Parliament as much as the individual is bound by regard for timeliness and propriety. It is assumed, because we deny the moral right of an expiring Parliament to undertake organic reform of the constitution, that we deny the supremacy of its power under that constitu- tion. But our reply is "All things are lawful, but all things are not expedient indeed many things in- dubitably lawful cannot be done without gross violations of propriety and duty. The passing of the Constitution Bill this year we hold emphatically to be one of those things. If there be any reality at all in the phrase " Appeal to the People," surely it must have a potential meaning when demanded as a condition precedent of every organic reform. The application of the sovereignty-of-the-Parliament doctrine to the present contention must be the result of ignorance or confusion of thought ; it is therefore difficult to discover an excuse for the present well-informed Ministry in their undue pertinacity in forcing the passage of the Constitution Bill of 1892. We have already urged that the bill attempts far too much. What the Parliament might fairly be asked to pronounce an opinion upon with the view to early legislation is the desirableness or otherwise of provincial autonomy. What the Government propose by their bill is provincial government with a federal constitution on the republican model of the United States of America. Their " United Parliament is to be created on a basis organically different to that under which the colony is at present represented. Our Legislative Assembly is practically though not state torily chosen upon the adult male population basis. The law of electoral distribution recognises that the gross population basis would give undue predominance to the metropolis and other large towns, and almost stifle the voice of the country constituencies. The Government scheme provides that the House of Representatives shall be elected in the arbitrary arithmetical proportion of one member to each ten thousand of the gross population, and that the balance of power between town and country shall be preserved by the American expedient of constituting the Senate of an equal number of members chosen by the Legislature of each province. It does not sanction one man one vote, but the much more drastic measure of one vote one value. Surely these are very radical changes in our English constitution, especially that one which involves the choice of senators by the Legislature instead of by the Executive Council or the people themselves. Theschemo'is admirable on paper, british not a remarkable departure from existing principles and methods ? And is it not altogether too far-reaching to be dealt with by a five-year-old Parliament in a country that has recently embodied the principle of triennial Parliaments in its statute law? Then let the thoughtful reader contemplate for a moment what is involved in the degradation of our Legislative Council to the status of a mere provincial chamber, or in the un symmetrical arrangement which gives Southern Queensland (in addition to the Senate and House of Representatives) two provincial chambers, while the Central and Northern provinces are to be governed by a single chamber each. In these proposals alone, there is material for months of consideration and debate, and the pretence that they must be settled by the existing Parliament is an insult to the intelligent understanding. We are obliged to view the scheme of the bicameral legislature for the Southern province as preposterous, and as one that no Parliament of Queensland will ever sanction. But it is an essential element of the incongruous scheme of the bill. There is really no shadow of a sound reason why the Southern province should receive distinctive treatment in this respect, for the temporary difference in population is not a reason, the scheme being intended for the future as much as or more than the present. a bill for the simple purpose of giving provincial autonomy which means for delegating all matters of merely local concern to a provincial legislature would be a comparatively simple matter, and one that there might be an excuse for asking even the existing Parliament to adopt, And if it were met by a refusal this year, it would certainly be agreed to next year. But the Constitution Bill of the Government demanded by the Central and Northern members because it really means, as Mr. Black contends, a very big step towards territorial separation, and is as a matter of fact dismemberment except in name. The Southern members cannot now or at any future time be consistently asked to assent to this, if only for the reason that it is cumbersome and expensive method of bringing about a change that would be far more easily and cheaply consummated by the passage of an Act expressly authorising Separation and providing for the just ap- portionment of public debt responsibilities. It is understood that Mr Barlow's amendment, to be moved to-morrow afternoon, will affirm the desirableness of dividing the colony into two provinces only. In suggesting this provision the mover and his friends are evidently animated by the belief that they are really pronouncing in favour of two colonies, and not of two provinces merely. The bill, however, while constituting three provinces by legislative Act, provides for further divisions as occasion may arise; and, admitting for argument sake that the measure may pass, the Central districts would at once renew the agitation for a distinct province as the stepping-stone to territorial Separation. So that, whatever the Assembly may now intend to affirm, the amendment foreshadowed will not lay the ghost of dis- memberment that so naturally frightens the Southern members. If the object be to give local self- government and make a durable peace, the obviously wiser plan would be to frankly recognise the claim of both Central and Northern peoples to a provincial autonomy which would prove a bulwark against and not a stepping- stone towards territorial Separation. Despite the attitude of the five dissentient Central members we are satisfied that territorial Separation aside, the people of the Central district would unanimously favour system of provincial self-government guaranteeing unity rather than promoting division. And we are equally convinced that such self-government is the only method yet suggested for fully meeting the wants and aspirations of the Central and Northern people without conceding territorial Separation. This conviction, moreover, is not a mere opinion founded upon present indications ' or conditions, but the conclusion arrived at by the writer after more than thirty years constant study of the question, and personal experience of the requirements and aims of the people. "We earnestly hope, therefore, that the Government will consent to reconsider their scheme, and, deferring the drastic changes of the Commonwealth Bill to a future time, bring in a measure of provincial self-government whose keynote is beneficial union and not mischievous division. The information we publish this morning concerning the prospects of the frozen meat trade between Egypt and Australia, and with regard to the intentions of the newly formed Meteor Steam Navigation Company, will be read with the liveliest interest by all sections of the community. In this colony the pastoral industry transcends all others in importance, and anything tending to deliver it from stagnation cannot fail directly or indirectly to benefit every unit of the population. The first consignment of frozen meat received at the refrigerating stores at Port Said was delivered rather more than two months ago, and the news now to hand shows that another successful venture has been made. On the 20th June a thousand carcasses were transferred without mishap or difficulty, and in spite of the extreme heat prevailing, from the freezing chambers of the Duke of Argyll to the storehouse on shore. These may be small beginnings, but they form very hopeful signs. As a market for the great food- producing colonies Egypt is of course not to be compared with Great Britain or Europe. At the same time there is every probability of the trade developing into most respectable dimensions. The population of Egypt proper may be placed at seven or eight million souls; and, though the majority of these are possibly unable to convert their desire for animal food into the form of demand understood in the market, there is a substantial residue of more wealthy inhabitants. Since the British occupation of the country, moreover, a vast improvement has taken place in the condition of the people; and the standard of living is gradually rising as peace and justice insure to every man the enjoyment of his earnings. But the very considerable civil European population now settled in the chief cities, together with the small army in occupation, forms a very solid basis upon which to commence the trade; while it is intended to make Port Said a centre from which several of the Mediterranean ports may be supplied. More important, however, than the filling of the fleshpots of Egypt with Australian beef or mutton is the growth of agencies meant to assist us in competing in the frozen meat trade all over the world. So far as Queensland is concerned the movement grows apace. The Townsville works of the Queensland Meat Export and Agency Company are in full swing, and it is encouraging to learn that competent authorities pronounce them superior to anything of the kind in New Zealand itself. Already about, eight hundred tons mostly in beef-have been put through at Townsville ; while the Brisbane establishment will commence operations almost immediately. Owing to the glut in the Australian market the six million odd cattle in this .colony,áiavo'fallen to ridiculously low prices, but the effect of a steady export trade in frozen beef should be to assist in restoring normal values. With twenty-two million sheep at the back of the cattle, however, what we really want are no their facilities for export. The works now running or approaching completion are not adequate for the complete relief of pastoralists, but the difficulty is to sufficiently stimulate private enterprise to start others. The formation of the Meteor Steam] Navigation Company may fortunately conduce to this end. The addition of a number of new steamships specially built for the Australian meat and fruit carrying trade affords a guarantee against heavy freights ruling in the future ; while competition among shipowners is bound to directly encourage the institution of freezing companies. Meanwhile, from what is already in progress, beneficial effects are soon likely to accrue. Employment must be afforded to numbers of men, employers will gain on their turnover, and the exports upon which the country must rely to pay interest or extinguish its indebtedness will be largely increased. 