SIDE OF THE WOODS. CHAPTER YIL — (Coktinttbd.) Telie's declaration, made in a tone that con vinced Edith the girl had given over all hopes of being received into her protection, unless she could remove opposition by the services she could render on the way, pointed out also an easy method of getting rid of her when a sepa ration should be advisable, and thus removed the only objection she felt to accept the proffered guidance. As for Roland, however, ,he expressed much natural reluctance to drag a young and inexperienced female so far from fher home, leaving her afterwards to return as jihe might. But he perceived that her presence save ..courage to his kinswoman ; he felt that flier acquaintance with the path was more to be relied upon than his own sagacity ; and he knew not, if he even rejected her offered ser vices altogether, how he could with any grace communicate the refusal, and leave her aban doned to her own discretion in the forest. He felt a little inclined at first to wonder at the Interest she seemed to have taken in his cousin's welfare, but by-ani-bye he reflected that perhaps, aftei all, her motive lay in no better or deeper feeling than a mere girlish de?jff9 to make her way to the neighboring station . (twenty miles make but a neighborly distance in the wilderness) to enjoy a frolic among her .gadding acquaintance. This reflection ended the straggle in his mind, and turning to her with a smiling countenance he said, 44 If you sire so sure of getting home, my pretty maid, you may be as certain we will be glad of your company and guidance. But let us delay no longer." The girl, starting at these words with alacrity, switched her pony, and darted to the head of the little party, as if addressing herself to do her duty in a business-like way, and there she maintained her position with great zeal, although Roland and Edith endeavored, for kindness' sake, to make her sensible they desired her to ride with them as a companion, and not at a distance, like a pioneer. The faster they spurred, however, the more zealously she applied her switch; and her pony being both spirited and fresh, while their own jhorse3 were both not a little the worse for their long journey, she managed to keep in front, main taining a gait that promised in a short time to bring them to the banks of the river. They had ridden perhaps a mile in this manner, when a Budden opening in the cane- brake on the right hand, at a place where stood a beecli-fcree, riven by a thunderbolt iu former years, but still spreading its shattered ruins in the air, convinced Roland that he had at last reached the road to the Lower Ford, which Bruce l©d so strictly cautioned hiin to avoid. What, therefore, was his surprise, when Telie, having reached the tree, turned at once into the bye-road ; leaving the direct path which they had so long pursued, and which still swept away before them, as spacious and uninter rupted, save by occasional pools, as ever. 44 Ycu are wrong," he cried, checking his steed. 44 This is the road, sir," said the girl, though in some trepidation. 44 By no means," said Forrester, 44 that path leads to the Lower Ford ; here i6 the shivered beech, which the colonel described to me." 44 Yes, sir," said Telie, hurriedly ; 44 it is the mark ; they call it the Crooked Finger-post." 44 And a crooked road it is like to lead us, if we follow it," said Roland. 44 It leads to the Lower Ford, and is not therefore our road. I remember the Colonel's direction." 44 Yes, sir," said Telie, anxiously, — 44 to take the beach on the right shoulder, and then down four miles, to the water." 44 Precisely so," said the soldier ; 44 with only this difference (for, go which way you will, the tree being on the right side of each path, we must still keep it on the right shoulder) that the road to the Upper Ford, which I am now travelling, is the one for our purposes. Of this lam confident." 44 And yet, Roland, said Edith, somewhat alarmed at this difference of opinion, where unanimity was so much more desirable, 44 the young woman should know best." 44 Yes !" cried Telie, eagerly ; 44 1 have lived here almost seven years, and been across the river as many more times. This is the shortest and safest way." 44 It may be both the shortest and safest," said Forrester, whose respect for the girl's knowledge of the woods and ability to guide him through them, began to bex vastly dimin- isnea : " out tnxs is the road Mr bruce described. Of this I am positive ; and to make the matter more certain, if need be, here are horse-tracks, fresh, numerous, scarcely washed by the rain, and undoubtedly made by our old companions ; whereas that path seems not to have been trodden for a twelve- month." 44 1 will guide you right," faltered Telie, with anxious voice. 4 4 My good girl," said the soldier, kindly, but positively, - 44 you must allow me to doubt yonr ability to do that— at leaBt, on the path. Here Is our road ; and we mast follow it." He resumed it, as he spoke ; and Edith, con quered by his arguments, which seemed decisive, foowed him ; but, looking back, after having proceeded a few steps, she saw the baffled guide still lingering on the rejected patji, and wringing her hands with grief and disappointment. 44 You will not remain behind us ?" said Edith, riding back to her : 44 You see my cousin is positive: you must surely be mis taken?" 41 1 am not mistaken," said the girl, earnestly; 44 and, ob 2 he will repent that he ever took his own way through this forest." 44 How can that be? What cause have you to say so?" 4 1 do not know," murmured the damsel, in woeful perplexity ; 44 but— but sometimes the road is dangerous." 44 Sometimes all roads are so," said Edith, ner patience railing, when she found Telie could give no better reason for her opposition. 4 4 Let us continue ; my kiusmau is waiting us, and we must lose no time by delay," these words, she again trotted forward ; and lelie, after hesitating a moment, thought fit to follow. ' s Bat now the animation that had, a few minutes before, beamed forth in every look and gesture of the maiden, gave place to dejec tion of spirits, and even, as Edith thought, to Suarm. She seemed as anxious now to linger in the rear, as she had been before to preserve a bold position in front. Her eyes wandered timorously from brake to tree, as if in fear lest each should cooceal a lurking enemy ; and often, as Edith looked back, she was struck with the singularly mournful and distressed ex pression of her countenance. CHAPTER VIII. The symptons of anxiety and alarm affected Edith's own spirits; they did more,— they shook her faith in the justice of her kinsman's conclusions. His arguments in relation to the road were, indeed, unanswerable; and Telie had offered none to weaken them. Yet why should she betray such distress, if they were upon the right one ? and why, in fact, should fbe not be supposed to know both the right and the wrong, since she had, as she said, frequently travelled both ? " These questions Edith could not refrain ask, ing of Roland, who professed himself unable to answer them, nnleBS by supposing the girl had become confused, as he thought was not im probable, or had, in reality, been so long absent from the forest, as to have forgotten its paths altogether ; which was likely enough, as she seemed a very simple- minded, inexperienced creature. 44 But why need we," he said, " trouble ourselves to find reasons for the poor girl's opposition ? Here are the tracks of our friends, broader and deeper than ever ; here they wind down into the hollow; and there you may see where thev have flonndered through that vile pool, that is still turbid, where they crossed it. A horrible quagmire ! co,u.raSej my fair cousin ; it is only such difficulties as these which the road can lead us into." Such were the expressions with which the young soldier endeavoured to reassure his kins woman s courage, her own confidence remaining still unmoved ; although, in secret, he felt somewhat surprised at the coincidence between the girl's recommendations of the bye-road and the injunctions of his morning dream. But while pondering over the wonder, he had arrived at the quagmire alluded to, through which the difficulties of conducting his cousin were sufficiently great to banish other matters for a moment from his mind. Having crossed it at last in safety, he paused to give such in structions or assistance as might be needed by his tw o followers ; when Edith, who had halted at his side, suddenly laid her hand on his arm, and exclaimed, with a visage of terror. — 44 Hark, Roland ! do youhear ? What is that ?" 44 Heard him, massa !" ejaculated Emperor, from the middle of the bog, with voice still more quavaring than the maiden's, and lips rapidly changing from Spanish -brown to clayey-yellow; ' 4 heard him, massa! Reckon it's an Injun ! lorra massy !" 44 Peace, fool," cried Forrester, bending his looks from the alarmed countenance of hla kins woman, to the quarter whence had proceeded the sound which had so suddenly struck terror into her bosom. 44 Hark, Roland! it rises again!" she ex claimed ; and Roland now distinctly heard a sound, in the depth of the forest, to the right hand, as of the yell of a human being, but at a great distance off. At the place which they had reached, the canes and undergrowth of other kinds bad disappeared ; and a wide glade, stretching over hill and hollow, swept away from both sides of the road, further than the eye could see. The trees, standing wider apart than usual, were, if possible, of a more majestic stature ; their wide and massive tops were so thickly interlaced, that not a single sunbeam found its way among the gloomy arcades below. A wilder, more solitary, aud mora awe-inspir ing spot Roland had not before seen; and it was peculiarly fitted to add double effect to sights and sounds of a melancholy or fearful character. Accord ingly, when the cry was repeated, as it soon was, though at the same distance as before, it came echoeing among the hollow arches of the woods, with a wild afid almost unearthly cadence, the utterance, as it seemed, of mortal agony and despair, that breathed a secret horror through the breasts of all. 41 It is the Jibbenainosay!" muttered the shivering Telie ; 44 these are the woods he used to rauga in most ; and they say he screams after his prey ! It is not too late— let us go back !" 44 An iBjun, massa!" said the Emperor, stuttering with fright, and yet proceeding to handle his arms, and to give encouragement | to his young mistress, which his age aud privileged character, as well as the urgency of the occasion, entitled him to do ; 44 don't be afraid missie Edie ; nebber mind ; ole Em peror will fight and die for missie, old massa John's daughter !" 44 Hist !" said Roland, as another scream rose on the air,' louder and more thrilling than before. 44 It is the cry of a human being !" said Edith, 44 of a man in distress !" 44 It is, indeed," replied the soldier— 44 of a man in great peril, or suffering. Remain here on the road ; and if anything — Nay, if you will follow me, it may "bo better ; but let it be at a distance. If anything happens to me, set spurs to your horses; Telie can at leaBt lead you back to the fort." With these words, and without waiting to hear the remonstrances, or remove the terrors, of his companions, the young man turned his horse in the wood, aud, guided by the cries, which were almost incessant, soon found him- self in trie vicinity of the place from which they proceeded. It was a thick growth of beeches, of the colossal growth of the west, their stems as tall and straight as the pines of the Alieghanies, and tfaeir boughs, arched and pendulous like those of the elm, almost sweeping the earth below, over which they cast shadows so dark that scarce anything was .visible beneath them, save their hoary and spectral trunk. As Roland, followed bv the little party, ap proached this spot, the cries of the unknown, and as yet unseen, sufferer, fearful even at a distance, grew into the wildest shrieks of fear, mingled with groans, howls, broken prayers and execrations, and half-inarticulate expres sions, now of fondling entreaty, now of fierce and frantic command, that seemed addressed to a second person hard by. A thousand strange and appalling conceits had crept into Roland's mind, when he firBt heard the cries. One while he almost fancied he had stumbled upon a gang of savages, who were torturing a prisoner to death ; another moment, he thought the veils must proceed from some unlucky hunter, periBhing by inches in the grasp of a wild beast, perhaps a bear or panther, with whiehanimals it was easy to be lieve the forest might abound. With such horrible fancies oppressing his mind, bis sur prise may be imagined, when, having cocked his rifle and thrown open hi3 holsters, to be nre- pared for the worst, he rushed into the grove, and beheld a spectacle no more formidable than was presented by a single individual,— a man in a shaggy blanket coat,— sitting on horseback under one of the -most venerable of the beeches, and uttering those diabolical outcries that had alarmed the party, for no imaginable purpose, as Roland was at first inclined to suspect, unless for his own private diversion. A second look, however, convinced the soldier that the wretched being had sufficient cause for his clamour ; being in truth, iu a situation almost as dreadful as any Roland had imagined. His arms were pinioned behind his back, and his neck secured in a halter (taken, as it appeared, from his steed), by which he was fastened to a large bough immediately above his head, with nothing betwixt him and death, save the the horse on which- he sat, — a young and terrified beast, at whose slightest start or motion, he must have swung off and perished, while he possessed no meanB of re straining the animal whatever, except such as lay in strength of leg and virtue of voice. In this terrible situation, it was plain, he bad remained for a considerable period, his clothes and haii (for his hat had fallen to the ground) being saturated with raiu ; while his face, purple with blood, hiB eyes swollen and pro truding from their orbits, with a most ghastly look of agony and fear, snowed how often the uneasiness of his horse, round whose body his legs were wrapped with the convulsive energy of despair, had brought him to the very verge of strangMation. The yells of mortal terror, for such they .had been, with which he had so long filled the forest, were changed to shrieks of rapture, as soon as he beheld help approach in the person of the astonished soldier. 44 Praised Be the Etarnal !" he roared; 44 cut me loose, strannger !— Praised be the Etarnal, and this here dumb beast ?— Cut me loose strannger, for the love of God!" 3. Such was Roland's intention ; for which pur pose he had already clapped his hand on his sabre, to employ it in service more humane than any it had previously known ; when un fortunately, the voice of the fellow did what his distorted countenance had failed to do, and re vealed to Roland's indignant eyes the author of all his present difficulties, the thief of the pin fold, tfie robber of Brown Briareus— -in a word, the redoubtable Captain Ralph Stackpole. In a moment, Roland understood the mystery which he had been before too excited to ipquire into. He remembered the hints of Bruce ; and he had learned enough of border customs and principles, to perceive that the justice of the woods had at last overtaken the horse-thief. The pursuing party had captured him— taken him in the very manner, while stilliupossession of the 44 two-year-old pony," and at once adjudged him to the penalty prescribed by the border code — tied his arms, noosed him with the halter of the stolen horse, and left him to swing, as soon as the animal shonld be tired of supporting him. There was a kind of dreadful poetical justice in thus making the stolen horse the thief's executioner; it gave the animal itself opportunity to wreak vengeance for all wrongs received, and at the same time allowed his captor the rare privilege of galloping on his back into eternity. Such was the mode of settling such offences against the peace and dignity of the settle ments ; such was the way in which Stackpole had been reduced to his unenviable situation ; and that all passers-by might take note that the execution had not been done without authority, there were painted upon the smooth white bark of the tree, in large black letters, traced by a finger well charged with moistened gun- powder, the ominous name — Judge Lxjtch — the Rhada- mauthus of the forest, whose decisions are yet respected in the land, and whose authority sometimes bids fair to supersede that of ail erring human tribunals. Thus tied up, his rifle, knife and ammunition laid under a tree hard by, that he might have the satisfaction, if satisfaction it could be, of knowing they were ia safety, the executioners had left him to his fate, and ridden away, long since, to attend to other important affairs of the colony. The moment that Roland understood in whose service he was drawing his sword, a change came over the spirit of his thoughts and feelings ; and he returned it very composedly to its sheath — much to the satisfaction of the negro, Emperor, who, recognising the unfor tunate Ralph, at the same instant, cried aloud, 44 'Top massa! 'tar Captain S.ackpole, what stole Brown Briery ! Reckon I'll touch the pony on the rib, hah ! Hanging too good for him, white niggah t'ief, hah !" With that, the incensed negro made as if he would have driven the pony from under the luckless Ralph, but was prevented by his master, who, taking a second survey of the spectacle, motioned to the horror-struck females to retire, and prepared himself to follow them. 44 'Tarnal death to you, captain ! you won't leave me ?" cried Ralph, in terror. 44 Honor bright! Help him that needs help — that's the rule for a christian!" 44 Yillaiu!" said Roland, sternly, 44 1 have no help to give you. You are strung up according to the laws of the settlements, with which I have no desire to interfere. I am the last man you should ask for pity." 44 1 don't ax your pity, 'tarnal death to me, I ax your help!" roared Ralph: 44 Cut me loose is the word, and then sw'ar at me atter ! I Btole you hoss lhar : — well, whar's the harm? Didn't he fling me, and kick me, and bite me into the bargain, the cursed savage ? and arn't you got him ag'in as good as ever ? And besides, didn't that etarnal old Bruce fob me off with a beast good for nothing, and talk big to me besides? and warn't that all fa'r provo cation? An didn't you yourself sw'ar ag'in shaking paws with me, and treat me as if I war no gentleman? 'Tarnal death to me, cut me loose, or I'll haunt you, when I'm a ghost, I will, 'tarnal death to me !" donrn "RnTonr? )iaon»n. ..1.. Ii) w 1. U) UOOtVCU o oaao . said Edith, whom the surprise and terror of the spectacle at first rendered speechless: 44 you surely—no, Roland, you surely can't mean to leave him to perish?" 44 Upon my soul," said the soldier, and we are sorry to record a speech representing him in a light so unamiable, 44 1 don't see what right I have to release him ; and I really have not the least inclination to do so. The rascal is the cause of all our difficulties ; and, if evil should happen us, he will be the cause of that too. But for him, we should be now safe with our party. And besides, as I said before he is hanged according to Kentucky law ; a very good law, as far as it regards horse- thieves, for whom hanging i? too light a punishment." - 44 Nevertheless, release him, save the poor wretch's life," reiterated Edith, to whom Stack- pole, perceiving in her his only friend, now addressed the most piteous cries and suppli cations ; 44 the law is murderous, its makers and executioners barbarians. Save him, Roland, I obarge you, I entreat you !" 44 He owes Ms life to your intercession,'' said the soldier; and, drawing Ms sabre again, but with no apparent good will, he divided the halter by which Ralph was suspended, and the wretch was free. j 44 Cut the tug, the buffalo-tug !" shouted the culprit, thrusting his arms as far from his back as he could, and disnlavino- the tfcrmrr nf skin, which his struggles had almost buried in his flesh, A single touch of the steel, rewarded by such a yell of transport as was never before heard in those savage retreats, sufficed to sevar the bond ; and, Stackpole, leaping on the earth, began to testify his joy iu modes as novel as they were frantic. His first act was to fiing his arms around the neck of his steed, which ho hugged and kissed with the most rapturous affection, doubtlesB in requital of the docility it had shown when, docility was so necessary to its rider's life; his second, to leap half- a-dozen times into the air, feeling his neck all the time, and uttering the most singular and vociferous cries, as if to make d >uble trial of the condition of his windpipe ; his third, to brawl aloud, directing the important question to the soldi er, 44 How many days has it been since they hanged me? War it to-day, or yes terday, or the day before ? or war a whole year ago ? for may I be next hung to the horn of a buffalo, instead of the limb of a beech-tree, if I didn't feel as if I had been squeaWng thar 'ever Bince the beginning of creation ! Cock-a-doodle- doo ! him that ar'n't born to be hanged, won't be hanged, no how !" Then running to Editb who sat watching Ms proceedings with silent amazement, he flung himself on his knees, seized the hem of her riding-habit, which he kissed with the fervor of an. adorer, exclaiming, with a vehement sincerity that made the whole action still more strangely ludicrous. 44 Oh ! you splen diferous creator' ! you angeliferous angel ! here ' am I, Ralph Stackpole the Screamer, that can whip ail Kentucky, wMts, black, mixed, and Injun; and I'm the man to go with you to the ends of the 'arth, to fight, die, work, beg,' and steal hosses foi you ! I am, and you may make a little dog of me ; you may, or a niggur, or a hoss, or a door-post, or a dinner — 'tarnal death to me, but you may eat me ! I'm the man to feel a favor, partickelarly when it comes to helping me out of a halter ; and so jist say the word who shall I lick, to begin on, for I'm your slave list as much as that niggur, to go with you, as I said before, to the ends of the 'arth, and the length of Kentucky over !" 44 Away with you, you scoundrel and jacka napes," said Round, for to this ardent expres sion of gratitude Edith was herself too much frightened to reply. 44 Strannger !" cried the offended horse-thief, 44 you cut the tug, and you cut the halter ; and so. though you did it only on hard axing, I'd take as many hard words of you as you can pick out of a dictionary — I will 'tarnal death to me. Bat as for madam, thar, the angel, she saved my life, and I go to death in her service ; and now's the time to show sarvice, for thar's danger abroad in the forest." 4 Danger !" echoed Roland Ms anxiety banishing the disgust with which he was bo much inclined to regard the worthy horse- thief ; 44 what makes you say that r" 44 Strannger," replied Ralph, with a length ened vissage and a gravity somewhat sur prising for him, 44 1 seed the Jibbenainosay ! 'tarnal death to me but I seed Mm, as plain as ever I seed old Salt ! I war a-hanging thar. and squeaking and costing, and talking soft nonsense to tie pony, to keep Mm out of his tantrums, when what should I see but a great creatur' come tramping through the forest, right off yander by the fallen oak, with a big b'ar before Mm " 44 Pish !" said the soldier, 44 what has this to do with danger ?" 44 Beca'se and because,'' said Ralph, 44 when you see the Jibbenainosay, thar's always ab- bergynes (aborigines) in the . cover. I never seed the critter before, but I reckon it war he, for thar's nothing like him in natur'. And so I'm for cutting out of the forest jist on the track of a streak of lightning — now hyyar now thar, but on a full run without stopping. And so, if anngeliferons madam is willing, thump me round the 'arth with a crab-apple, if I don't help her out of the bushes, and do all the fighting into the bargain — I will, 'tarsal death to me !" 44 You may go about your business," said Ronald, with as much sternness as contempt. 44 We will have none of your base company." 44 Whoop ! whoo, whoo, whoo ! don't rifle (to rifle — to ruffle) me, for I'm dangerous !" yelled the demi-barbarian, springing on his stolen horse, and riding up to Edith. 44 Say the word, marm," he cried, 44 for I'll fight for you, or run for you, take scalp Gr cut stick, shake fist or show leg, anything in reason or out of reason. Strannger, thar's as brash (brash — rash, headstrong, over-valiant) as a new hound in a b'ar fight, or a young hoss in a cornfield, and no safe friend/u a forest. Say the word, marm, or if you think it ar'nt man ners to speak to a stranger, jist shake your little finger, and I'll follow you like a dog, and do you a dog's sarvice. Or, if you don't like me, say the word, or shake t'other finger, and 'tarnal death to me, but I'll be off like an elk of the prairies !" 44 You may go," said Edith, not at all solicitous to retain a follower of Stackpole's character and conversation ; 44 we have no occasion for yeur assistance." 44 Farewell !" said Ralph, and turning and giving his pony a thump with his fist and a kick with each heel, and uttering a shrill whoop, he darted away through the forest, and was soon out of sight. CHAPTER IX. The course of Stackpole was through the woods, in a direction immediately opposite to that by which Roland had ridden to his as sistance. 44 He is going- to the Lower Ford," said Telie, anxiously. 44 It is not too late for us to follow him. If there are Indians in the woods, it is the only way to escape them !" 44 And why should we believe there are Indians in the wood?" demanded Roland; 44becaus that half- mad rogue, made still madder by Lis terrors, saw something which his fancy converted into the imaginary Nick of the Woods? You must give me a better reason than that, my good Telie, if you would have me ASArf fchtt rnnrL T Iisya nn fatfk tn vaut — — ' " J VVUL J ibbenainosay s. ' ' But a better reason than her disinclination to travel it, and her fears lest, if Indians were abroad, they would be found lying in ambush at the upper and more frequented pass of the river, the girl had none to give ; and, in con- sequance, Roland (though secretly wondering at her pertinacity, and still connecting it in thought with his oft -remembered dream), ex pressing some impatienoe at the delays they had already experienced, led the way back to the buffalo-road, resolved to prosecute it with vigor. But fate had prepared for him other and more serious obstructions. He had scarce regained the path, before he became sensible, from the tracks freshly printed in the damp' earth, that a horseman, coming from the very river towards which he was bending his way, had passed by, wMlst he was engaged m the woods, liberating the horse- thief. This was a circumstance that" both pleased and annoyed him. It was so far agreeable, as it seemed to offer the best proof that the road was open, with none of those dreadful savages about it, who had so long hauuted the brain of Telie Doe. But what chiefly concerned the young soldier, was the knowledge that he had lost an opportunity of inquiring after his friends, and "ascertaining whether they had really pitched their camp on the banks of the river ; a circumstance which Iia noir pofBfii fVion A n vuctu uaiou w uo ucriaiM of ; the tempest not seeming to have been so violent in that quarter as, of a necessity, to bring the company to a halt. If they had not encamped in the expected place, but, on the contrary, had continued their course to the ap pointed Station, he sew ECthiug before Mm but the gloomy prospect of concluding his journey over an unknown road, after night- fall, or re turning to the Station he had left, also by night; for much time had been lost by the various delays, and the day waB now declining fast. _ 6 These considerations threw a damper over his spirits, but taught him the necessity of activity ; and he was, accordingly, urging his little party forward with such speed as he could, when there was suddenly heard, at a distance on the rear, the sound of fire-arms, as if five or six pieces were discharged together, followed by cries not less wild and alarming than those uttered by the despairing horse-thief. These bringing the party to a stand, the quick earn of the soldier detected the rattling of hoofs on the road behind, and presently there came rushing towards them with furious speed a solitary horseman, hiB head bare, his locks streaming in the wind, and his whole ap pearance betraying the extremity of confusion and terror; which was the more remarkable as 'he was well mounted, and armed with the usual rifle, knife, and hatchet of the back woodsman. He looked as if flying from pursu ing foes; Ms eyes being cast backwards, and IV, -J| that >o eagerly that he 1 party ofwondermg stranger. drawn, L8'' 1 him on the road, until saluted by a halLr?0 I Roland ; at which he checked his Bteed 1 C?1 I for an instant ten times more confnn0?®11 3 frightened than before. 0unded<4 I 44 You tarnation crittors!" he at last J with the accents of one driven to deimTH 1 44 if there a'nt no dodging then the?e fe' Here's you, you everlasting varmintstS4, 1 your darndest I | With that,Jie clubbed his rifle, and aft toward the parly, m what seemed I of insane fury, brandishing the weapon V® 5 rolling his eyes with a ferocity that could l, s only arisen from Ms being in that happy fS jj of mind which is properly termed 14 I out of fear." 'SMflaeil | " How. you villain ! ' ' said Roland, in ania> ment, " do you take us for wild Indiana? 9' i "What, by the holy hokey, and ain't you?.. cried the stranger, his rage giving wav td l most lively transports ; "Christen men 1 exclaimed, in admiration, 4 4 and one of niggur, and two of 'em wimming ! oh hrnL You're Captain Forrester, and I've you ! Thought there was notMng in the wnS but Injuns, blast their ugly pictuTs I and H Mm, Sy J ones, as was, that brought me amZ, em ! And now I'm talking of 'em, Ca S stop to ax questions, but run— cut and run Capting, for there's an everlasting sight of w! behind me !— six of 'em, Capting, or my naS aVt Pardon Dodge-iix of '?m-aU .S one, and Mm I shot, the blasted critturi for you see, they followed me behind, and they cut me off before; and there, was no dodging 'em - (Dodge's my name and dodging's my natitf! 1 without getting lost in the woodB ; and it was either losing myself or my scalp ; and so that riz my ebenezer, and I banged the first of 'email to smash— if I didn't, then it ain't no matter'" 44 What, in Heaven's name," said Roland, overcome by the man's volubility and alarm together— 44 what means all this? Are ther« Indians behind us ?" 44 Five of 'em and the dead feilor— shocking long-legged critiur he was ; jumped out oft bush, and seized me by the bridle— hokey ! how he sheared me ! Gun went off of her own accord, and shot him into bits as small as four- pence-ha'pennies. Then there was a squeaking and squalling, and the hull of 'em let fly atmr and then I cut on the back track, and they took and took after ! and I calculate, if we wait here a quarter of a minute longer, they will be on us jist like devils and roaring lions. Bat where shall we run ? You can't gin us a hint how to make way through the woods ? Shocking bad woods to be lost in ! Bad place here forfait ing, Capting— right 'twixt two fireB— sis InjunB behind (aud one of 'em dead), and an almighty passed before — the Ford's full on 'em !" 44 What!" said Roland, 44 did you pass the Ford? and is not Colonel Johnson, with his emigrants, there?" 44 Not a man on 'em; Baw 'em streaking through the mud, half way to Jackson's. Everlasting lying critturs, them emigrants! told me there was no Injuns on the road ! when what should I do but see a whole grist on 'em dodging among the bushes at the river, to surround me, the tarnation critturs. But I kinder had the start on 'em, and I whipped, and I cut, and I run, and I dodged. And so says I, 4 I've beat you, you tarnation scalping varmints !' when up jumps that long-legged fellow, and thj five behind him ; and, blast em, that riz my corruption. And I- — " 44 In a word," said Roland, impatiently, and with a stern accent, assumed, perhaps, to reassure his kinswoman, whom the alarming communications of the stranger, uttered in an agony of terror and haste, filled with an agita tion which she could not conceal, 44 you havs seen Indians, or you say you have. If you tall the truth, there is no time left for deliberation; if a falsehood " 44 Why should we wait upon the road to question and wonder?" said Telie Doe, with a boldness and firmness that at another moment would have excited surprise ; 44 why should we wait here, while the Indians may be appi ach ing? The forest is open, and the L-v Ford is free." 44 If you can yet lead us th;r.'::-- . --ii Roland eagerly, 44 all is not yet lost. Vvo -xn neither advance nor return. On, maiden, for the love of Heaven !" These hasty expre3ions revealed to Edith the deep and serious light in which her kinsman regarded their present situation, though at first seeking to Mae his anxiety under a veil g£ com posure. In fact, there was not an individual DfARMlf nri irKnm fVio -fa to 1 necrc At TlC flitV of the redman had produced a more alarming impression than on Roland. Young, brave, acquainted with war and accustomed to scenes of blood and peril, it is not to l>e supposed that he entertained fear on his own account; bin the presence of one whom he loved, and whom he would have rtcubd from danger at any moment, at the sacrifice of his own life thvice over, was enough to cause and excuse a tem porary fainting of spirit, and a desire to fly scene of peril, of which, under ordinary cir cumstances, he. would have been heartily ashamed. The suddenness of the teiror— -for up to the present moment he had dreamed u no difficulty comprising danger, or of no daegci implying the presence of savages in the fore- - had somewhat shocked his mmd from its pro priety, and left him in a manner unfits exercise the decision and energy so necessarv to the welfare of his feeble and well-mgh followers. The vastness of his enibaxras-ct, all disclosed at once — his friends and emigrants now far away ; the few miles vh ctl he had to the last hoped separated bim them converted into leagues ; Indian mie? at hand; advance and retreat both alU® off, and night approaching fast, in which, without a guide, any attempt to retreat through the wil l forest would be as likely to secure his destruction aB deliverance— these were circum- stances that crowded into his mind with he- m LTa .in I fl AS uuiuuujg cuwt, exigrossuig the most active use of them was essential to preservation of Ms party. It was at this moment of weakness 2nd con fusion, while uttering whit was meant to throw i eouie little credit over the story of Dod"e abate the terrors" of Edith, that the words Telie Doe fell on his ears, bringing both aw ® hope to his embarrassed spirits. She at w was acquainted with the woods; she at le. could conduct him, if not to the fortified stati -he had left (and bitterly now did he Kgr haviug left it), to the neglected ford o. river, which her former attempts to lead thither, and the memory of Ms dream, cau him to regard as a city of refuge pointed ou j destiny itself . faic 44 You shall have your way at last, Telie," he said with a laugh, but not , merriment. 44 Fate speaks for you : whether rill or hot, we must go to the Ford." -j .» 44 You will never repent it," said the g1 ,, 0 the bright looks which she had worn . e few moments she was permitted to eontxo __ motions of the party returning to her vi » and seeming to emanate from a rejoicing sp ..e 44 they will not think of waylaying us ai Lower Ford." . and With that she darted into the woo1 d» followed by the others, including the comer, Dodge, was soon at a consideran10 tance from the road. f TO BB COOTINTJED) \- . - - " 'MS 