AGRICULTURAL NOTES. The rainfall reoorded sinoe tho breaking up. of the drought has boon fairly satisfactory, and farm work is now being vigorously proceeded with. Since last date of writing a few sultry days were experienced, and theso were succeeded by heavy and well distributed ruins on Monday and Tuesday. In- some districts exceptionally severe thundoratorras ocourrcd, and showers of nail liavo uiso DG6Q rcporcoa Aug outlookis now much more oneouragiug than it was a fow woeks ago, and as vory littlo frost has been experienced, vcgetation.of all kinds is making fairly satisfactory growth. The early sown crops, particularly in tlio Goulburn Valley, aro ooming on well. Complaints of the scarcity of water bave ceased for the time being, and it is to bo hoped they will not bo again hoard for a con siderable poriod. Notwithstanding tho aotivity that is being displayed in gotting in crop, it is soarooly likely that a breadth equal to that of last year will be bowu, as so much timo was lost before a proper start oould be mado. The weather is favorable for the lambing, aud there is a probability of a fair percentage being recorded. Bccont reports from tbo interior of New South Wales hold out hopes that the winter will be passed through in a satisfactory way. Tho dryness of March aud April retarded ploughing in soveral of tho host agricultural distriots ; hut moisture came in time, and although Into sowing must be the rule in several localities, it is pro bable the areas plaocd - under orop will bo larger this year thair any of whioh wo havo re cords. The weather, according to- -tho Mail, bns boon mild' on the coasts. Light 'frosts have heeu folt in some parts of the table land. Stock, as a whole, ore in good condition, and a lamb ing and wool orop of fair' proportions aro likely to ensue. Several showors havo .fallen in South Aus tralia during the past week, but thoy have un fortunately been generally confined' to the coastal distriots, and tho intorior is still suffering through want of water ; in the drier, distriots wator having to be carted long distanoos, oven for domcstio purposes. Nowhere has there been a thoroughly good downpour, aud anxioty about the weather is on the increase. The showors are, of oourse, very useful in the way of keeping the feed growing and helping on early sawn wheat, but what is urgently needed is a heavy and general fall. Until this comes, says tho Chronicle, there will be no abatement of tho anxiety whioh is now being so generally felt by agriculturists. .In tho coast districts of Queensland, particu larly in the south, for tho first half of tlio week the weather was : olose and oloudy, with occa sional ahowers. In . tho neighborhood , of Brisbane . rain foil . on - four days, aud : tho weather was quito warm. . AU the : wosto.ru country is still suffering from drought, no rain having fallon during tho week, and station work is at a standstill. There is now little prospeot of relief for graziors this ssason, but as the fine and cold woathor whioh has prevailed in the west for some time past has given place to sultry conditions, a little hope is still foit that rain may fall. Tho country generally is in a bad state for travelling stock, water and feed botli being scarce. In the farming distriots the! season, says tho Quccnslander, is excellent, and farmers are busy getting in their wheat and .other crops. In some cases tho late rains hare ;beon injurious to tho potato crops, the seed being washed out before it could gorminato and get a. hold in the ground, but otherwise the tillers of the soil have little complaint to make of the weather. Southern Tasmania has enjoyed very good weather during the past week, and the farmors have been enabled to set the ploughs going .again. : In the north there lies been another heavy fall of rain, and floods aro feared. The season so far has been a very favorabio ono for early farmors, but the aftoruoon men will not find it so suitablo to their requirements. Taken all round, says the Mail, the country is looking well, and the autumn season has boon on tho whole very encouraging. Continued ., fine weather with, occasional showera and a high thermometer, all oonduce to continual growth in the: gross .fodder, corn and turnips in New Zealand.' Potato digging will soon bo general. .. Tho crop, .says the Weekly Press, is turning out a full . average one, with hero and there an exceptionally heavy yield, quite up to 12 and 15 tons. The demand is not very brisk except at low prices. VTo have heard of a few saleB at 22s. 6d. per ton, delivered, 20s. and 18s. 6d, per ton. Suoh prices cannot possibly pay ; except where tho ciopis a heavy one as it is estimated that to produce a orop of potatoes properly, inoluding rent, it "cannot bo done rauoh, if anything, under £6 per acre. . The quality of the tubes is exceptionally good. One of the subjeots for debate at . tbe forthcoming conference is that Government be asked to offer a bonus for "farina and other produots of the potato manufactured at a profit in the colony." It. is to .bo hoped that some means may bo seonred for relieving the oongested condition of this, industry. . The important : cable information published in this issue in oonneotion with the Ameri can and British wheat harvest prospeots is . of .. speoial local interest at tho present moment. It has already on . various oecasious been pointed out in these columns that tho future .of . prices depends on. the sufficiency or otherwise of the European ' and American har vests of 1892. A weather market proverbially is an uncertain one, and this year, owing to stooks being unusually depleted all over the world by the short yield in Europe during 1891, any prospeot of shortage in the exporting countries is likely to be followed byeonsidorable market fluctuations.. Our latest mail advices pointed to tho then baokwardnosB of tho English wheat orops. . Indian reports , were disappointing. In France and ' Russia tho out look was good. From the United States we learn by. eable that owing to adverse weather the prospoots of the wheat harvest in sovon' of tho principal produolng . states had boon seriously affected, and a doorcase of 20,000(000 bushels in the yield was anticipated. The Eng lish crops aro also not only backward, but are re garded in a oritical position owing to a long oon- tinunnoe of diy weather. The situation is there fore much ohanged for .the worso during the last six weeks, and though it is quito possible that the. losses made by the English speculators last year who operated for a rise may oheck anything liko a big jump-up in prioo, still tho outlookis Bufifioiently encouraging to growers on this side to place a considerable area under wheat this season in Yiotorin. To: farmers who have held their wheat tho infor mation supplied by our speoinl correspondent must be of considerable interest, and they will doubtless watch the course of tho English market for the next two months, ns affording tho best indication as to the poriod best suited for thorn to realise on their stooks. Some interesting information . was clioited from Ministers on Tuesday in tho Legislative Assembly. Mr. Graham stated that a survey was being mado of a soiiemo for supplying water for domestic and stock purposes in the mallee country. The Treasurer intimated that , the 'Government had no presont intention to inorease tho duty upon oats, barloy and potatoes, and tlio Commissioner of Customs also refused to promise the imposition of a duty oh undressed pine and Oregon timber or to hold out any hope of a general revision of the tariff boing dealt with in the present session. Sir Graham Berry announced thnt it was not proposed to ask Parliament to vote a largo sum this session for a Bpecial loan to local bodies to enable them to purohase wire netting for farmers in rabbit infested districts. Tho Houso would only be asked to sanotion tho expenditure of an amount equal to the repay ments made from tho previous loan. Mr. M'Lenn explained that all the good mallee land unse- lected was now hold under lease, the surrender of which could not be asked, for without com pensating the holders. If a suitable amount of compensation could be; agreed to betwocn tlio lossocs and tho Lends department he would be willing to consider tho desirability of taking over some of the mallee blocks with the view to sub-division and selection. Mr. Mn'ddcii, who has taken tho "poor farmer" under his particular patronage, ondeavorod to raise a nico' little scandal all by himself in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday. The hon. member insinuated that the mallee local land boards reversed the well estab- lished praotice of dealing with strangers, and instead of "taking them in " grossly fnv.orod them, to the detriment : of "our own young men, , particularly farmers' sons." The latter; bo the allegation ran, were invariably unsuccessful in obtaining mallee allotments. Mr. Madden suggested that the Minister of Lands ; should " instruct" boards to deal differently .with, the sons of .farmers, but Mr.. M'Lcan.promptly put the case in a olearer light by atating that the policy of land boards was to give a preference to tho applications of selcotors who wore married men. No com plaints against tho boards bad reached the department, aiid : the Minister emphatioally refused to lend himself to , any such improper aotion as giving instructions to land boards to deal in a speoial : manner with any particular elass of selectors. ; - ; . ' ' 1 The' Vegetable Produots Commission still "bobs up serenely " at intervals. In this way it justifies expenses, if it doos not justify its oxistonce. After lying dormant for six months' It was fondly hoped that it was preparing for its farewell appearance, but it reappeared on Tues day in all its pristine vigor, , and not at all desirous of giving up- tho ghost. Tbo com mission is evidently not disposed to put an end to tho force, and it would be interesting to learn by what process the Premier proposes to extin guish it. The tenacity with whioh the commis sion olings to life is becoming a serious matter, and " vegetable produots " seem likely to furnish a topic for periodical and not very entertaining reports as long as tho members of tho commission, or any of them, or the secre- tary, continues to feel an interest in this vital question. . Strong offorts havo been made by tho resi dents and munioipal authorities of "Warrnam- bool to scoure the establishment of an experi mental farm at Framlingham, on the lines of the one at Dookie, and they'suceeeded, . during the rigime of the Gillies-Deakin Government, in getting the aborigines reserve at Framling ham, about 4000 acroB in extent, banded over as an ondowmont to the Coanoil ot Agricultural Education, on condition that that body estab lished an experimental farm there. Grave fears are now entertained by the residents, that their wishes are not to be gratified, as a .party of surveyors are engaged in subdividing the reserve into blocks for leasing purposes. It is explained by tho officers of the oounoil that is intended to survey a number of blooks of laud whioh will be leased for a certain term, with the objeot of pro ducing funds to meet tho - heavy . expenditure inourred in the destruction of rabbits on the reserve. In leasing tho blocks tho oounoil will reserve the right to resume possession at any timo it needs the land. It is also stated that in all probability a portion of tho area will bo reserved at. tho outset Jor tho purpose of establishing an experimental farm. It is announced that Mr. J. S. Horsfall has been appointed Australian adviser to tbe . Now Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Oompnny Limited. Sir John Gorst in his . address as ohairman of the oompany, at the Annual meeting held in London on the 5th February, referred to Mr. Horafall's . ap pointment in tho following terms "There wns a friondly allianoe made in' Melbourne with Mr. J. S. Horsfall twoyearsago, whioh resulted in a considerable increase to our wool business there. aud this allianoe had lately boen cemented by tho appointment of that gentleman in Mel bourne for a period of years, as 'Australian advisor ' of ! the company, and wo havo every reason to beliove that this will result in a fur-' thor extension of our Australian business." Notwithstanding the amount of literature extant oii the subjeot of rust in wheat and other cereals and tho means taken by the Governments of tho different colonies to dis seminate reliable information regarding it, mis leading information on tho matter is oiroulated. In certain agricultural publications the state ment has been made that, after patient researoh and numerous experiments in Denmark, it has been found that wheat can berenderect impervious to tho attacks of rust by dipping tho seed in hot wator. Mr. D.-M'Alpiho, vegetable pathologist to tho Agricultural department, communionted with Mr. J. L. Jenson, .of Copenhagen, who is eredited with having disoovcred the hat water treatment. That gontleman, in a letter to Mr. M'Alpine, states that he haB never spoken of hot water ob being" a spocifio against rust, but rather as a means of preventing smut in wheat and other oereals. He is of opinion, howevor, that indireatly hot water treatment would to a small cxtont reduco the'dnngor. of ruBt. The Ministor of Agrioulturo has decided to liberalise the. conditions attached to tho pay ment of a, bonus for tbo establishment of inseotioide faotories, and on ' bis recommenda tion the Governor in Oounoil has altered the regulations, which would provide in future that a bonus of £2 may bo paid to any individual, association or company who produces ovidence to tho satisfaction of the Ministor that he or they have, betwoon tho 30th Juno, 1890, and the 30th June, 1895, manufactured in Viotoria, from ertemiaia, pyrethrum or sohkuhria, grown looally, not less than 1 owt. of inscot destroying powder of a good aud proper marketable quality. A liko sum will also bo paid for every owt., up to 1 ton, of powder manufactured. Tho late Bishop of Molbournc, Dr. Moor- house, surprised many people by laying down the' doctrine thatas wehadneglootodourdutyin regard to the . oonstruotion : of works for tho storage in the arid portions of the oolony of tho abundentrainsof winter, it was useless toattempt to cover up our shortcomings by praying for rain during time of. drought..- It would ho interesting ; to learn what ho would say to a proposal mado to : the chief in spector .under the Vermin Destruction Act by an -individual rcsiding in Brisbane to the effeot that as it has been found impossible to exterminate the rabbits by the ordinary ageuoies of man, "a day might bo appointed on whioh a united prayer, written ny some of your ablo Christian ministers, might be offorcd up in the ohurobes, to supplicate Divine intervention." The method by whioh the rabbits are to be exterminated is not mentioned,' but tho proposer of tho scheme indicates the boundless nature of his benovolcnce by suggesting that when tho rabbits havo boen brought to one place and killed, they should be preserved. in 28 lb. tins and sent to tbe starving Russian Jews. ' Tbe agents for horses sont to Melbourne for shipment to India, witii other: horse dealers, interviewed two Ministers on Monday ooucorning difficulties experienced in tho eouduot of tlieir business. , Of the Minister - of .Railways thoy asked tbat.-itbe' extra. iohargos recently imposed on the ; carriage -of "stores" should bo recon sidered, and that the regulation .Whioh allowed a rebate for stores only on condition that the truoks.used were given a similar loading back to the plaoe whence tboy started be altered so tbat,' provided tho truoks 1 could got any loading baok, not neoessnrily cattle, tbe rebate should bo allowed. The Minister replied that he could not interfere with tho inoroasod rates, whioh were not inequitable, as Btock was: now carried :in truoks whioh bold more beasts than those for merly used, but he would bod that the rebate on freight charges was allowed when return .loading ;of "any kind 1 could be obtained. 'The Commis-i sioner of Trade and Customs, :was informed.that- if the duty on horses were inoreasod, as waBpro-- posed, it would .put .a, stop to-, the: Indian horse trade from Viotoria, as- the ixnimals were mainly sent from New South - "Wales end Queensland, whore they were bred. The ogonts ' asked that thoy should bo : allowed,- in the event of an inorease of the Btock, tax being mado, to import horses under dcolara-: tion that thoy were intended for oxport, with out paying duty, and that at the expiration of , sovon months after entry they should be called:- upon to furnish proof that the horses had been - exported, or. pay the amount of the duty. The- Minister said be would refer the ' matter to tbo Chiof Seoretary for consideration, es Mr. M'Lean > was more conversant with the subjeot than him- : self, and his advice on the point would bo useful. . >- The Minister of Minos, or— to . call Mr. Out- trim by his propor title in this connection— the Minister of:Forests, hos hod under Considera tion the free distribution of trees from tho State : nurseries to municipalities for planting. The'. Minister has dcoidod that in view of the exist ing neoessity for retrenchment, no free distribu-i tion of treeB shall bo mado during the present: season. . ' . A heavy penalty was imposed by the Praliran - beneh on Monday upon two tradesmen for offer- : ing for. sale butterine without' the namo being , marked as suoh.'-In the ease of Robert Bowman; . trading as Bowman and Davis, in Malvern-road, .- Inspector Rider deposed that tho butterine : compound consisted of mutton fat, oil, lard and d a small proportion of buttor; giving . off an offensive smell, although very ; well got up. It was boing sold as butter at is. 4d. per lb., . Defendant was fined £5, with 42s. costs. James Jaekson, a stall holder in tbe market.' was Eelling his compound at Is. 6d. por lb., and professed not to know that it was , butterine. He, however, refused, to tell tho inspcotor where he. obtained it. . He wns fined £5, with'42s.', hosts. " ' At tho meeting of the Rodney Irrigation and Water Supply- Trust- on Tuesdnji, Commissioner Morrlssey was unanimously elected chairman. Tho following tenders- were accepted for the extension of tho trust's sohomo of irrigation : — For 37 ohains of central main channel, parish of Toolamba West, J. H. Davios, £301 19s. 8Jd. Two miles central main -ohanncl, parishes of Toolamba West and'ToolambB, J. H. Davies, £1159 4s. 3d. One mile 70 chains central main ohann'al, parish- of-Toolambn, J. H. Davies, £886 12s. Id. Two miles west central main ohannel, parish of Mooroopna, T. Flight; £866 7s. lOd. Two miles west central main, channel, parishes of Mooroopna West and' Kyabram East, T. Flight, £1334 19s. -100. At a meeting of the Western Wimmera Irri gation Trust held last week, it was decided to repeal regulation No. 7, by which power to impose special rates on properties intersected by, or having frontages to wnter channels, was conferred upon the trust, end to substitute a chnrgo for water used in filling the dams. It -' was also dooided that a valuation of land bene- ' fitod by trust works should be made with a view : to taxation. A resolution was arrived at to ' oo-oporate with the united trust and the ' Boning, Wimmera, Dimboola and - Arapiles shire counoils with a view of induoirig the Government to carry out a' national- water - supply sohomo, embracing Taylor's Lake and Lake Lonsdale as storage for the benefit of the mallee, and also the district included in the territory of the trust. At the meeting of tho Kerang East Irrigation . ' Trust, hold last week, a number', of cases-were reported by tlio wnter bailiff of persons inter fering with' the works and helping -themselves to water without first obtaining the sanotion of tho trust. In some oases the water- was let flow over large araas'of land on which no provision had boen first made for its proper distribution, whioh eaused- great waste and tlio. flooding of reads. It was unanimously decided to pro- ; seouto tbo perpetrators of theso nefarious acts,' ' so that others may be deterred from similar actions. The balance sheet of the Rosebrook Cheese and Butter Factory Company Bhows -that the - receipts for tho last half year had amounted- to £9363 0s. 3d., and, after tlio1 payment ; of all expenses, a net -profit of £753 2s. Id. remained on hand, out of whioh it was resolved topnya dividend of 10 per cont. The opera- : tions of the oompany showed a remarkable inorease, the sum of £6552 0s. 3d. having been paid away for ' milk during the six months, as - compared with £6925 13s. lid. expended in a ' similar direction during -the 12 months ended- 31st August of last year. The reoeipts from ' sales' 'of butter totalled £8438 14s. 9d., whilst from ehoeso £458 lis. lid. had -been received. -- The suppliers had obtained an equivalent of - olose upon £500 in- tho return' of that value in ' skim milk jxee of oharge;- but although they are now obtaining- 6d.--pcr gallon for their profluoo at ' the factory, several of them remain dissatisfied, and the usual' disoussion oonoerning the return of skim milk -and' whey- took plnoo. Nothing was done in .the -mattor,' however, which 'will probably ngain orop up for final settlement at'- the annual meeting: to be held in. October next A new market for Rosebrook faotory butter has ' boen openod up, an order having- been received for a consignment to the Island of Samoa, whioh has, hitherto, been almost entirely de pendent upon California far its supplies. The buttor will'bo put up in specially constructed tins, oaoh holding 4 lb. 1 The Ministor of Lands was asked by a deputa tion'/ representing the North "Western Vermin iBoard, and introduced by Mr. Bakor, M.L.A., - to. hand over' the amount of £833 6s. 5d., due by 1 the department as ratos to that board. - It was - pointed out that tho balance of vermin rates, ' due on 31st December; 1891, amounted to £833 6s. 5il.; £10 8s. 8d. had been reeeived in 1892 1 on 'account of tho 1891 rate. - ' The number of ' wild dogs whioh bad been killed from 1885 to 1892.wrs 2702, and the bonuses on the same reached £3433. In addition to thoso, 646 skins \ and scalps of dogs had: been sent in| on whioh > bonuses amounting to £904 -,10s. were due, : then. The department pointed out that the estimated oast of vermin proof fencing was £100 per mile, and the rate'5 per cent.- .There was n length of fencing on unoocupied blocks of 31 miles,' at which the rate would amount to £77 10s. and whioh the Government wbb asked to pay. It was agreed that an officer of the department and tho secretary of the board should inquire into tho matter. -.At the annual gcnoral meoting of tho Bal moral Agricultural Society, Mr. Thos. Robertson was oleoted president, with Messrs. A. Turnbull and H. S. Douglas vice-presidents. Mr. Catena was appointed treasurerand Mr. W. R. Hayman secretary. The treasurer's report indicated that the total receipts for the year, including the Government bonus, amounted to £441 lis. 2d., while the disbursements totalled £434 2s. 6d. . At the annual meeting of the Kowree Agri cultural Society, Mr. W. Laidlaw, jun., was elected president, and Mr. A. M'Lood re-elected seoretary for the ensuing year. The balance sbcot showed that the total receipts for the year were £439 2s. lid. The prizes paid away amounted to £311 16s.; and miscellaneous ex penditure to £143 3s. Id. It was decided that the noxt show of the society would be held at Edenhope on the 3rd and 4th August. -Representatives from the Western Wimmera Irrigation Trust, accompanied by Mr. Madden, M.L.A., and Messrs. Bell and Pratt, M.L.C.'s, waited on tho Minister of Water Supply last week with reference to an application made to the department some time ago for permission to extend a ohannel to a place called -North Dam on the northern boundary of the trust's territory. It was explained that at the time the application was made tho trust furnished the Minister with an ngreoment from the peoplo on the route of the proposed channel to pay interest on the money expended in its con struction, .whilst the Dimboola shire counoil, on being appealed to, offered to guarantee any de- Coiency as between the receipts and expenditure. The department consulted with the Crown Solioitor as to the legal power of tho Dimboola counoil to give suoh a guarantee in perpotuity, and be stated that it had no powor to do so. The deputation pointed out to Mr. Graham that the trust had obtained" the opinion of Dr. Madden on the point, and it was quite opposite to that of the Crown Solicitor. Undor theso circumstancos they renewed the application for Ministerial sanction to the extension of the channel. Mr. Graham re marked that it was usoless to wait for a legal decision as to the powor of one body to become guarantors for another, and he would thoreforo sanction the work being proceeded with. Tho vintage has now boon ooncluded at Bendigo, and the results are generally very . good, both the quantity and quality being above tho average of previous years. A meeting of farmers and graziers was hold at Porepunkah last week to consider the establish ment of a butter factory or creamery. It was decided that the.offer of the Victorian Creamery and Butter Company to establish a creamery if 600 shares were taken up locally be accepted, and an adjournment for a month was made to allow of a complete proapeotus and articles of agreement to be furnished. ' .Tho dairymen in the Western district who supply the various butter factories are now ob taining high prices for tboir milk. . Tho sup pliers to the GraBmore faotory arc receiving 6£d., and to tho Farnham faotory 6d. per gallon, and similar high rates are being given at other' faotorics. This must be very satisfactory to the suppliers, and at the eame timo it affords another illustration of tho great advantages de rived under the faotory system. . Wo have been shown some remarkably fino speaimens of potatoes grown by Mr. Miohael Dandy, of Briagolong, who bos made a speciality of potato eulture for several years. The largest potatoes were the White Chancellor, a variety which was awarded first prize at the Royal Show in England. Eight tubers grown by Mr. Lnndy. and picked at random weighed 16 lb. 8 oz. The yields obtainable from this potato, which is said to be a good koeping sort, are from 12 to 15 tons per nore. Queen of the Valley is another very fino sort, though not so large as tho White Chancellor. Vanguard, the earliest potato grown, was also in the collection, as well as a smaller, but remarkably handsome, pink and white seedling raised by Mr. Laudy. The two last mentioned are likely to bo suitable for planting in the northern districts. In consequence of a representation having been made that a large number of selections in the Beeoh Forest havd" been taken up purely for speculative purposes, no attempt being made to ooriy out tho improvements enjoined by the not, nor the slightest attempt made to carry out the regulations of the Lands department, the Minister of Lands has determined to take notion in the matter. Two responsible officers will bo sent to inspeot the holdings, with a view of ascertaining what amount of genuine settle ment has taken, place, and will report the ro- fiult of their Investigations to the Minister. The work effeotod by tho residont solectors very materially enhances the value of theso unocou- pied selections, and as all licensees aro required to make eertain improvements within a given period, thoso who have failed to do so may find their blooks forfolted and thrown opon for selec tion again. The Ruahine, whioh sailed from Lyttelton, New Zealand, on the 21st April, took a cargo of no fewer than 78,500 oarcases of frozen mutton, 22,000 of whioh wero shipped from Lyttelton and tho balance from Rookhampton. Tho Bteamer, whioh is the latost addition to the New Zealand Shipping Company's fleet, was built especially to cope with tho inoreased require ments of the frozen meat trade. Mr. Boultbee, who is now in oliorgo of- the tanks and artesian boros on all the travelling stook routes, says tho Sydney Morning Herald, has received several reports showing tho extent of boring operations in the western district. On the route between Bourke and Milparinka oight boring contraots have boon lot to Messrs.- Wil liam Fiokering and Co., of Bathurst-strcot, Syd ney. At the 121 miles peg . the bore is down 1800 feet, and at the 106 miles distanoe a depth oflSOOfeet has beon reaobod.. A large supply of Bub-artcsian water has been Btruok in the 121 neiles. bore, and pumps are raising the .water I about 50 feet to tho surface for stook purposes. On the Collarondnbri and- Anglcdool-road the depth of the bore is 2400 feet, the result so iar having been a tapping of a sub-artesian water supply. It is proposed to continue boring to a 3000 feet level, or further, if symptomB of tap ping a true artesian supply continue favorable. At Muckadilla, in Queensland, an admirable supply of water was reached at it depth of 3200 feet, and it is possible that this feat, may be repeated on the Angledool-road. At Barringun water has been atruek by the Petroleum Boring Company at the 1600 feet level, and from this bore thero'is a daily supply of 200,000 gallons of good water. Mr. Christian, of Brindingabba, boring privately on the Bpurke-Bungorford- road, has obtained a supply of 500,000 gallons per day from a bore 800 feet in depth. The valves for regulating the supply of water from artosian bores provided by the. department have beon used by Mr. Christian with marked succoss. Chief Inspector Low, accompanied by an offioial of the Agricultural department, is at prosont reporting on the Native Dog bore to ascertain if the surrounding country is suitable for tho sito of an experimental irrigation farm. As showing the extont to wliiob rice has been grown in Queensland, the area under crop in 1891 was 456 acres, which produced in all 22,914 bushels, or an average of just 50£ bushels to the acre. . Tho area in the Cairns district was 248 acres, yielding 12,579 bushels, or an average of nearly.503 bushels to tho acre. It may be noted in this oonneotion that according to the figures supplied by the Customs Depart ment there was imported, into the colony in 1890 no less than £47,193 worth of rice, while in 1891 the importation had fallen to £33,440 worth. Another effort, says the Pastoral Timet, is is being made by Mr. H. J. Wooldridgo to revive some interest in the proposal to start meat freezing works at Deniliquin. In view of the increased Btock tax into Victoria it appears certain that for at least some timo to come there will be a serious falling off in the stock traffic through Deniliquin and a marked diminu tion of the net prices realised for any descrip tion of stock sent from this colony into Victoria, if there are any sent at all. In order to test tho feeling of the local stock ownore Mr. Wool dridgo has sent out ciroulars to tho principal ones of this distrct asking them if they aro willing to take up shares to the amount of £500 each. He estimates that, if they will do this, all the preliminary arrangements could be mado and a capital of from £25,000 to £30,000 could subsequently be made up. Ha asks all the gentlemen to whom ho has written to reply before the 30th inst., and he will then further .communicate with them with a view of holding a meeting on tho 8th of June next dt Deniliquin. The proposnl is to establish the works here so as to avoid the crushing, bruising and loss of weight incidental to trucking to works established olsowhere, and to save the expenses oonneoted with the trucking. A rather amusing instance of the ignoranoe of some farmers with regard to wheat diseases has occurred in South Australia. Some time ago the Gnmeracha branch of tho South Australian Agricultural Bureau forwarded some samples of diseased . wheat ears to Mr. M'Alpinc, Govern ment pathologist. Tho diseaso was at onco identified by Mr. M'Alpino as ear cookie, and a report to that effect was forwarded, the name of the eel worms responsible for the damage being given. The farmer on whose land tho wheat wsb grown docs not agree with the pathologist, and is of opinion that, instead of being diseased, the wheat is a new and very early varioty, which ho intends to cultivate with a view of producing a rust escaping wheat. It will be wise for that farmer to confine his experiments to boxes or pots, thereby lessening tho risk of spreading the disease. 