. A PASTORAL LETTER. The Conference which met during the month of March directed that the week commencing from the 5th inst. should be observed as a season of humiliation and prayer. The objects in observing these directions are the general improvement of the church in the intensifying of its zeal for God, the increase of religious life and power, and the bringing of un believers from darkness and sin into our Redeemer's kingdom. Nothing can be of greater importance to the people of God than to keep these ends in view. If those who believe in this truth act according to their conviction and pro fession, a great preparation will be sought, and every effort will be put forth, in every legitimate way, to ac complish all this. The doctrines which underlie our Christian faith should in spire our Christian zeal. If preachers and teachers, parents and' Christian workers of all orders, are persuaded of the danger of sin, the inevitable cer tainty of an endless punishmenb, con sequent upon dying in impenitence and guilt, and the love — the infinite love of God in providing for each one's eternal redemption, then that persuasion must show itself in works. When these truths are as vivid as they should be, every appointed means to ensure the salvation of the unconverted will be used. When this persuasion is not thorough, and these truths are not vivid, the consequence will soon be seen, thinly attended prayer meetings, no deep concern in either private or public prayer, the means to promote a revival religion allowed to go by without any eager intention to attend them. The time chosen by the Conference is certainly an opportune one. The work commences on the day when the Chris tian Church commemorates the out pouring of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost, an event which can be repeated in proportion to the special prayers of the church, and the sovereign gifts of our ascended Lord. The time is favourable for many attending the w eek-night ser vices, whereas long days, and numerous engagements, and physical ex haustion might prevent them in great numbers from being present. The united supplications of God's people at the mercy seat, in the light of New Testament teaching, and the facts of history are intimately connected with gracious answers, and rich blessings. God is faithful still. Nothing in this world is more precious to God than the prosperity of His church. To secure this much- desired result there should be much prayer. Every parent conducting family devotions, every Sunday school teachers and officer, every preacher of the Gospel, in secret and in public, should 'give Him no rest till He establish, and till He make Jerusalem a paradise in the earth ' (Isaiah lxii. 7). Much can be done by personal appeal, that is, by putting the question plainly and directly to bhose who are known to be unconverted. ' Are you going to allow this day of grace to pass without giv ing your heart to God? -'Will you do it now ? ' In one respect we must all imitate the Son of Man, go an'd seek the lost. Faithful preaching must be accompanied by tender solicitude and anxious watching for stricken ones, or some may be lost who otherwise might be won. Another important truth requires much attention. There is a danger of allowing a feeling of tiredness to cause a well-nigh ac complished work to be left undone. The Prophet stretched himself three times upon the child, and his soul came to him again. The second act would not have accomplished what the third did. Death would have reigned with second efforts ; but life came with the third. If , God's people will do their part God will not fail them. How encouraging . are the promises, how rich and free the re sources of Divine mercy. How wonder ful is the grand old Gospel, which, when looked at, stands now as the only tried means in the world to save man. Let us believe it with a firmer and more intelligent faith while we preach it, and let the congregation expect 'the Holy Ghost to fall on them that hear the word.' The promises shall be fulfilled. ' One shall say I am the Lord's, and another shall call himself by the name of Jacob, and another shall subscribe with his hand unto the Lord, and' surname himself by the name of Israel.' Already in some places, the indications of a coming revival are given. As drops indicate the coming shower, so here and there souls are turning to Christ and finding mercy through His atoning Blood. Considering the needs of the times,, the call to united effort, the warn ing of death, the powei'lessness of men, the question of the old prophet comes with new foice and new suggestiveness — ' Should not a people seek unto their God ?' Charles Stead, President of N.S.W. and Q. Conference. Waverley, 30th May, 1892. 