THEATRE ROYAL, PRODUCTION OF HAMLET. Mr. Alfred Dampier made a first appearance in Shakespearian dramabcfoica Hobart audience last night, and was greeted by a crowded and enthusiastic assemblage, which included His Excellency the Governor and Lady Hain Iton. It will be at once admitted by all who know anything of the subject that the character of Hamlet is one which gives scope for histrionic talent of the highest order. The motive of the injured Prince that of revenge as a religious duty must be associated with barbarous days. But Hamlet is in himself a personage of absorbing interest, and whether he was really mad or not, or only made Nor' nor' west " (as he himself vouches) does not diminish our admiration of the many fine philosophical sentiments which the great author has put into his mouth. Any aspiring tragedian may profitably "peep and botanist " upon the personality of the Prince, just as he himself appears to have penetrated and analysed the manifold promptings of his own compound nature. And so far as the audience is concerned the actor could furnish them with no higher intellectual treat than was provided last night by the fit rendering of those magnificent passage Oh, that this too solid piece of flesh would melt ;" " Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave am I ;" the famous soliloquy, " To be or not to be," the speech to The players, and the very dramatic scene in which Hamlet dailies with Ophelia and Pallier his mother on her perfidy. Such scenes and situations as are comprehended within the text of this stirring drama, and the way in which they were enacted by the Dampier Company, absorbed the attention of the audience upon the stage from start to finish. Drawing conclusions from the interest so displayed there is no particular reason why Shakespeare Ali' n d spell ruin in Hobart, at least not if subsequent productions are given with the same degree of finish as this one. The piece was mounted with a perfection of detail, which makes it quite a regrettable circumstance that it could not be played for two or three nights in succession. There are, of course, many readings of Hamlet, but Mr. Dampier's is one which appeals especially to the student. It is a quiet, and scholarly interpretation, and yet sufficiently vigorous ! there is no finding and no extravagant action and the gestures are made to suit the words without any attempt to " split the ears of the groundlings." Nothing could surpass the trying scene with Ophelia where Hamlet is torn by conflicting emotions, and barely conceals his love in the desire to dissemble. Mr. Dampier realised the climax of dramatic force where he follows up the words of the play before the King, noting every variation of the usurpers countenance at the knavish piece of work done in the garden. The subsequent interview between the valorous Dane and his mother always creates a strong impression. In this instance the Queen, by her emotion, appears cognisant of the ghost's presence This is obviously a flaw, for instead of gazing analytically in the direction of the ghost which she does not see, the Queen should be closely scan- ning the features of her distracted son. She tells Hamlet that she sees nothing, and in- quires how it is That you do bend your eye on vacancy And with the incorporal air do hold discourse - In the graveyard scene Mr. Dampier in- troduces new business when he kneels on the turf and scatters flowers into Ophelia's grave. Miss Rose Dampier's portrayal of Opheliaismarked with some of thoeamcquali ties which distinguish her father. 15s a quiet, graceful, and impressive impersonation. The interview with Hamlet, arranged by design of Polgniusto please the King, is an exact- ing ordeal for any actress, and Miss Dampier came out of it exceedingly well. Her enun- ciation is clear and distinct, and there is no faltering or hesitancy in the delivery of the lines. Tile mud scene is quite a masterpiece, and marked with consider- able originality. There is no space to-day for an extended notice, but we may mention that such leading parts us the King and Queen, Horatio and Luortes were in competent hands, the essential characters being interpreted as follows: -Horatio, Mr. A. Harford a Laertes, MLA. 'Rolfe ; Claudius, King of Denmark, Mr. R. A. Vernon The Queen, Miss J. Merton ; 'Polonius, Mr. J. H. Martin ; Ghost, Mr. E. Holloway ; First Actor, Mr. Cooke ; First Gravedigger, Mr. Reg. Rede. Very picturesque scenery was provided, showing the Castle at Elsinore, with the beetling cliffs on the sea shore; the dresses were elaborate and costly and the limelight effects also enhanced the production. ,< > To-night The World Against Him will be given. ^______^__^_ 