A READER'S GLEANINGS. Envt is a Poison— The greatest flood has i the. soonest ebb; the sorest tempest the most sudden, palm ; the hottest love the coldest end ; and from the deepest desire oftentimes ensues the deadliest hate. A wise man had rather ne enviea ior proviucm-o pitied for prodigality. Eevenge barketh only at tne stars, and spite spurns at thac she cannot reach. An. envious man waxeth lean with the fatness of hit neighbours. Envy is the daughter of pride, the author of murder and revenge, the beginner of secret seditions and the perpetual tormentor of virtue Envy is the filthy sediment of the soul ; a venom, a Soison or quicksilver which consumeth the flesh and rieth up the marrow of the bones. How China Got Its Name.— Upwards of 1100 years before Christ the Chinese were a people ruled by a dynasty of kings, of whom, like the Pharaohs of old, there is no clear history, and not until the Chow dynasty, B.C. 1125, is thereany clear history of themain Chinese States. The Chinese take their history back to the time of Noah. This ancient empire has in its time borne many names, for it was a custom, when a new dynasty ascended the throne, to give another name to the empire, as Hai-que, Cham-que, Han-que, etc., according to the name of the ruling monarch. The true name is said to be Chum-que, " the centre kingdom of the world." This term was by usage corrupted to Chin-que, and from this word the Portuguese gave it the name of China. China proper consists of 18 provinces, containing 250,000,000 of people. _ , . Flight of Eagles. — A curious and unusual sight has been witnessed by the inhabitants of Bjelgorod in the south of Russia. An enormous flight of eagles was 6een to fly past the town and settle in an adjacent forest. The woodmen who were in the forest fled in dismay from the place. It is well they did, for when these unwelcome visitors had taken their departure, it was found that they had devoured ten horses, several sheep, and a vast number of smaller animals. The ground where tney angntea was strewn wuu feathers. All the birds of the neighbourhood have been so terrified that they have flown away. Only one of the eagles was caught — a bird of immense size and belonging to a Siberian species. The eagles, which were several hundreds in number, flew away in a south-westerly direction. Humorous Toasts.— A publisher once gave the following : " Woman, the fairest work in all creation, The edition is large and no man should be without a copy." This is fairly seconded by a youth who, giv ing his distant sweetheart, said : " Delectable dear, so sweet that honey would blush in her presence, and treacle stand appalled." Further, in regard to the fair sex, we have : " Woman, she needs no eulogy, she speaks for herself." " Woman, the bitter half of man." In regard to matrimony some bachelor once gave: " Marriage, the gato through which tho happy lover leaves his enchanted ground and returns to earth." At the marriage of a deaf and dumb couple, some wit wished them " unspeakable bliss." At a supper given to a writer of comedies a wag said : " The writer's very good health. May he live to bo as old as his jokes." From a law critic : " The bench and the bar. If it were not for the bar, there would be little use for the bench." A shoemaker gave : " May we have all the women to shoe, and all the men to boot." A celebrated statesman, while dining with a duchess on her eightieth birthday, in proposing her health said: "May you live, my lady duchess, until you begin to grow ugly." " 1 thank you, sir," she said ; "and may you long continue your tastes for antiquities." At a political dinner a prominent diner gave "The Queen" and forthwith proceeded to sing the National Anthem. The keynote was all right ; but somehow the company did not join the singing. Imagine the amusement, when one gallant statesman struck out " For he's a jolly good fellow," and never observed his mistake until the hilarity of tho company called him to his senses. , Hero's tao mysel' for as bad's lam. Hero's tae yo a for as gweed's ye are. For as bad's I ain an' as gweed's ye are, I'm as gweed's ye are, for as bad's I arn. Astonishing Sagacity of a Dog.— A woman resid ing in the neighbourhood of Melrose, wife of an industrious and rcspectablo labourer, had for a con siderable time been subject to epileptic attacks, which came on generally in the course of the day. She had no servant, and her children were too young to render her any assistance during the paroxysms. The want of an a attendant was, however, in some measure supplied, in the absence of her husband, by a faithful and sagacious collie dog, -which no sooner perceived its mistress endeavouring with difficulty to reach her bed, than ho ran howling for her husband and continued barking and howling until he found him, when he returned with him to the house, tho faithful dog leading the way, and appearing delighted to see his master coming to his wife's assistance. Upon no occasion was this dog known to neglect his duty when his mistress was taken ill, and at whatever distance from home his master may have happened to be at work, he did not cease running with all his speed, howling all the time in the most piteous manner until he was able to find him. Three Firesides. — Around tho fireside, long ago, We sat to hear the childish tale. Faces alight with pleasure's glow, Or terror-stricken, ashen pale. The fairies good our fancies caught. Each maiden fair — each noble knight, Whilst giants, murders, havoc wrought. Would fill our souls with awful fright; The ghost blood-marked, the clanking chain Made every shadow dark take life. The sighing wind, the pattering rain, Seemed echoes weird of spirits strife. We then, enthusiasts, resolved For honour's sake to do, to dare, Our future life we there evolved, I knight so bold — thou princess fair. Around the fireside, after years, We sat and told our tale of love, Forgotten childhood's hopes and fears, Blessed with that gift from heaven above. My love for thee, by thee returned, Shed over life a gladsome light, While true content and pleasure burned With fervent flame, warm, constant, bright. I kissed thy wars- lips ruby red, Caressed thy shimmering golden hair, - In ecstasy the hours quick sped, Enthralled by thee, my sweetheart rare, j And hand in hand, one thought, one heart, Our mutual fealty there we vowed ; Of Heaven above our bliss seemed to part, Thou lender, sweet, I joyful, proud. To-night around the old fireside I sit and clasp thy hand in mine, . Dearer than when a child or bride. (Age treats thee as it d.oth old wine.) Together have we trod life's path, We've faced the ever-veering wind, At times have felt the Storm King's wrath, Then Heaven would smile— ah, God is kind! The autumn days, my own dear wife, Are nigh their close ; soon winter's come, The silver through the void is rife. And age's frost our bodies numb. Our hearts unfailing trust still warms. Though childhood fair and youth are gone ; Love winter of its chill disarms, And our love lives and will live on. Attachment of Horses to Each Other.— Two Hanoverian horses had long served together during the Peninsular war, in a German brigade of artillery. ' They had assisted in drawing the same gun, and had been inseparable companions in many battles. One of them wag at last killed , and after the engagement the survivor was picketed us usual, and his food brought to him. He refused, however, to eat, and was constantly turning round his head to look for hi9 companion, sometimes neighing as if to call him. All the care that was bestowed upon him was of no avail. He was surrounded by other horses, but he did not notice them ; and he shortly afterwards died, not having once tasted food from the time his former associate was killed. A Curious Calculation. — In a recent lecture " On Fixed Stars," Dr. David Gill wanted an illustration of the distance to Centauri. This is what he said : Wo are a commercial people .; we like to make out estimates in pounds sterling. We shall suppose that some wealthy directors have failed in getting Parliamentary sanction to cut a sub-Atlar.tic tunnel to America, and so, for want of some other outlet for their energy and capital, they construct a railway to Centauri. We shall neglect for the present the engineering difficulties — a mere detail— and suppose them overcome, and the railway opened for traffic. We shall go further nd suppose that the directors have found the con struction of such a railway to have been peculiar easy, and that the proprietors of interstellar space had not been exorbitant in their terms for right of way. Therefore, with a view to encourage traffic, the. directors have made the fares exceedingly moderate — viz., first-class at one penny per 100 miles. Desiring to take advantage of thee facilities, an American gentleman, by the way of providing himself with small change for the journey, buys up the National Debt of Great Britain, and of a few other countries, snd, presenting himself at the booking-oflice, demands s first- class single to. Centauri. For this he tenders - In payment the scrip of the National Debt of Great Britain, which just covers the cost of his ticket ; but I should explain that this time the National Debt, from little wars, coupled with some unremnnerati veGovern- rjent investments v4n landed property, had run up from 700 millions tffillOO millious sterling, Having . - 