MINERS' STRIKE AT BROKEN HILL. THE CONSPIRACY CASES. ADDRESSES OF COUNSEL. THE JUDGE'S SUMMING UP. THE JURY NOT YET AGREED. [BY TELEGRAPH] (From our correspondent.) DENILIQUIN, Friday. The hearing of the charge of conspiracy against Sleath, Ferguson, Polkinghorne, Hurn, Heberle, Hewitt, Bennett, and Butcher waa resumed this morning before his Honor Acting Justice Back- house, at the Circuit Court Mr. Want, Q C , proceeded with his address for the defence. He briefly reviewed the statemants of yesterday, and asked the jury to believe that had he thought the accused guilty of the charge he should not be there defending them If they were guilty of inciting men to breaches of the peace, the penalty of the law should be meted out to them, but if on the contrary the accused had tried all they could to keep order, then their being brought into court was a great mistake. He believed his learned friend and those assisting him had been misled by the detectives, otherwise they were equally guilty. With the detectives referring to the assault on Field, he said the Crown had unlawfully refrained from call- ing Field, and the constable» who were the principal actors relied on the testimony of the lookers on whilst suppressing the important testimony, they brought up old women with rubbishing evidence that could have no effect on the case. As to the evidence of tho detectives, there was probably a use for everything, and therefore there was use for detectives but to Englishmen even the name was repulsive, and like scavengers they were necessary but he would like to see them decent and honest scavengers. Brown stood a self-convicted scoundrel in the position of a detective. He had as much right to protect the public and the innocent strikers as to work up the case for the Crown. Goulder, more plucky than Brown, decided on having merely picked out statements against the men; but the notes of both, and of Druchart, were exactly the same, and he asked the jury to believe that they had been written carefully, sitting down, and under compari- son. If any one should be on trlal for conspiracy it was those three men. He then compared the de- tectives' evidence with that given by the newspaper reports to show how the former had twisted and misirpresented things. As to Bennett, the only evi- dence against him appeared to be that he had tried to protect women and children from an attack on their houses by the disorderly strikers they had in their midst. He thanked God that the man Koehler was not an Englishman and could not too much despise the way he had sold the man who befrlinied him. Against Polkinghorne there was no evidence but that ol the professional gentleman, Scottio Douglas, and even if true, which he did not belive, there was nothing in it to support a charge of conspirucv. Sleuth had occupied the principal position among the accused and was chiefly responsible for the good order that had been maintained. Had he only spoken a word to the men under him they would not have left a house on the mine and could have easily annihilated the police who interfired with them. Goulder was thirsting for the blood of Sleath, and would crown himself with glory if he could succeed in gaoling him. Why should the detectives wish to fill the gaols with honest men, and yet clearly Goulder, Brown, and Druchart had put their con- sciences together and lost them. After Deuchart's lamentable failure at writing from memory, or writ- ing standing up in the court even making every allowance for nervousness the man who knew he was on oath, and swearing away the liberties of inno- cent men could they believe one word of his testimony ? Goulder's evidence as to the shadowy forms reminded himn of the dream of the servant-girl who sat up late at night reading ghost stories and the fact that he walked up and down amongst those desperate men should show how little there was in the tale. He considered Colebatch had fairly recountcd all that took place, and it simply showed how hard the accused had worked to keep peace amongst the men. Apparently Humphreys had been obtained by the detoctives to prove connection be- tween the accused and disorderly conduct on the picket lines. The fact that ha gave no important evidence in Broken Hill was suspicious and unfair to the accused, as it deprived them of the opportunity of calling evidence in their defence. Capital had been made out of the issue of passes, but he thought the explanation that these passes were issued simply to save people from the annoyance of interrogation of pickets was reasonable and legiti- mate. The case agamst Butcher was different to any of the others. If his letters entitled the Crown to proceed against him for conspiracy, they should also proceed against the paper in which they were pub- lished. Ross's evidenve like Humphreys's, had been sprung on thei accused after opportunity for getting witnesses in contradiction had gone. He then read the charge, and asked the jury what justification there could be for filing such an indictment against men who had done so much to keep order right through the strike. Before a jury could convict they must be convinced that these acts of violence committted by the pickets and others were done in consequences of the speeches or acts of the accused. Even if they thought the case one of strong suspicion, if they had any doubt the accused were entitled to it, for it was better according to the law of the land and the law of common sense and humanity, that 999 guilty men should escape than that one innocent man should be coudemned as a villain. At the same time he did ask them not to shirk their duty. It had been said, he was the last man who should have taken the case for the accused. He was first misled by the lying garbled reports of the detectives. He had been induced to mike statements which he now saw were unjustifable and he was anxious to make a reparation. He had come at personal loss and inconvenience, but he came on a solemn duty aud if he was able to do anything to secure for them the acquittal they so justly deserved he should feel satisfied. Mr Coffey then addressed the jury. Referring to Mr Want's last remark, he said that gentleman's statement in the House was made on the 7th September, after reading tbe reports in the papers of the speeches delivered on the previous day. Mr Want had made remarks concerning his (Mr. Coffey's) conneet'on with the case. He was satisfied that in his opening remarks he had said nothing which was not borne out by the evidence. He did not intend to waste the time of the jury in idle abuse. He was surprised that a gentleman like Mr Want, occupying the higbest position in his profession, and once Attorney-General, no matter how bad his case, should have tried to make capital out of the Crowu witnesses not being called when they were left out at Mr Want's sug- gestion to shorten the case. The abuse of certain Crown witnesses indulged in by Mr Want, if not argument, was useful as showing the knowledge of his weakness buffering as he was from a good deal of physical pam, he would ask the indulgence of the jury whilst he roviewed the case as shortly as possible. The defence was that the pickets were placed on the mines just to explain matters to men going up. At that time there were no blacklegs, no free labourers, and no outside labourers in town. Therefore what could be the reason for surrounding the mines from the first with 600 pickets ? Could they gather an answer to this question from the statement of Sleath to Alexander, that not even tradespeople were allowed through the lines ? Stevens, a witness for the de- f ence, had also stated that Sleath had said it was an easy matter to put on 500 pickets to stop men going into the mines, and that good picket work would make the strike short and shiny A violent attack had been made on the evidence of Humphries, but seeing that it was not contradicted he was satisfied to leave it to the jury. Though the fact that the accused had not gone into tho box should not prejudice them with the jury, still the jury had a right to place more reliance on sworn testimony than on bare statement. In considering the speeches, they must remember that the meetings on the reserve were bold outwardly for a lawful pur- pose, and the speakers would necessarily be some- what careful in the language they used to put ideas of violence into men's heads. As to the disturbance ou 25thAugust, there was not a particle of evidence to show that the accused attempted to interfere until after the arrival of the police. Sleath alleged that he told the pickets to keep as far from the blacklegs as tbey could. If so, why were they posted on the mines at all ? Was not this one of the many state- ments made to throw dust in the eyes of tho pohce? As to the speeches on 6th September, not the slightest attempt had been made to shake Colebatch's evidence on tbe contrary, the witnesses for the defonce corroborated his testimony, and Goul- der's evidence as to the same day was similar. What justification could Mr Want have for terming Brown a self- convicted scoundrel ? Yet it was on such abuse in the absence of all argument that he relied for an acquittal of the accused. He maintained that Goulder's evidcnce regarding men lying in front of the mines must be taken in conjunction with Bennett's v isit to Koehler, and Greenslade's state- ment at the meeting that they had thrashed out the idea of storming the mines. In tbe same manner the evidence as to the assault on the train on the 10th September must be taken in the light of the evideuce of Ross as to Sleath's conversation which he over- heard. It was in the face of all those thing that they were heard to say that the accused had done nothing to incite the men to violenoe. He said, and wonld ask the jury to say, that those men did put the idea of vtolence into other's heads. Whatever they had intended by their speeohes, they must be respomnblo for the effect tbe speeches actually had. The witness for the defence, Allen, had taken no notes and had little op- portunity for hearing what was said and Stevens had practically repeated the evidence of Colebatch, and in the same breath said he heard no speeches of an inflammatory nature, and the same applied to Hooking. Those were questions for the jury to con- sider. He urged the jury, in justice to the prisonors, to put aside all words used by counsel, and judge the case purely on itsi merits. They were not trying the rights of the strike, but wbether tho acnused did themselves or cause others to intimidate and obstruct men following their lawful calling. Tbey must grasp the situation as it was, and return a proper verdict on the matters brought before them. His Honour immediately commenced his change to the jury. He aald : I wish, before dealing with the case, to make one or two gentle remarks to you, and I have dealt alone with the words spoken within these walls. Reports have been spread through all Australia as to the proceedings at Broken Hill. Every word you have previously read or heard you must dismiss from your mind» entirely, as well as any preconceived opinion you may have formed as to the merits of the case. We are absolutely uncon- cerned as to the rights of the dispute. We are simply here to direct you as to the law, and you to say whether or not tbese men are guilty of the indict- ment filed against them. Before you find them or any one of them gadty, you must be satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that such is the case. Neither the Crown nor anyone elso can prove a case beyond all doubt, but the law requires proof beyond all reason- able doubt Fortunately for you, it is admitted that what took place is utterly illegal, and it is not now an offence in common law for men to strike. That they should be allowed to do so is good law and common sense, but the law does not allow either employers or men to combine together for the pur- pose of injuring others by direct acts of violence. Probably before long the old statute laws will be amended, but at present I have serious doubts as to whether pickettuig in any form is legal, that is a matter, however, that does not affect the oase. I hope the day will soon come when both employers and employed will find a way of settling difficulty that will not bring ruin and misery that always follow strikes. Two witnesses for the Crown have been condemned in strong language, which I dou't think the evidence justifies. I doubt suppose Goulder and Brown care much for what is said about them , they have their duty to perform, and the better they do it the more abuse they get. They are sent to the Hill at a time when there is admittedly much difficulty and disorder. They appear to have done their duty fearlessly and well, and tried honestly to accomplish the purpose for which they were sent up by the authorities. A great deal has been said about the admission by Brown that he only reported what told against the men. That was what he was sent for. If he was sent to watch a sus- pected pickpocket he would only watch actions bear- ing on his suspicions, and in this case bis instructions probably were to take notes of inflammatory state- ments. I also fail to see why Deachert should be so abused. You may be sure inquiries hare been made concerning him, and the fact that nothing was pro- duecd detrimental to his past life is in his favour. There is abundant evidence to show that many offences have been committed, but I am not going to suggest that any of the accusçd, were concerned in them. Such a state of things evidently prevailed m Broken Hill as I could hardly have belived possible in a civilised country, and I am glad that not a single word has fallen from the learned counsel for the detence in justification of the ample evidence that the offences charged in the indictment have been committed by somoone. It is for you to find whether any ono ot the accused con- spiring with any other person is guilty of inciting these oftences. A remark had been made about the punishment for conspiracy being seven years. That is the thing which rests with me entirely. I could imprison them for a minute or for a longer period, but certainly no such punishment as seven years would follow a conviction. His Honor then went through the case as applying to each prisoner separately, saying that he would give no expression of opinion as to their guilt or other- wise, that being wholly a matter for the jury. For the speeches he said he would read from Colebatch's evidence, as in that case they had the advantage of shorthand notes, and the witness appeared to be a perlectly impartial person who was brought forward to tell exactly what took place. The witness Humphries has come in for a lot of abuse, but it is for the jury to consider whether his evidence is reliable or notThe fact that he did not give important evidence in the police court is unfortunate if not unfair to the accuseet, but the witness was probably not to blame for withhold- ing it. The jury will understand how if a witness went outside what he was asked he was bound to be stopped by couusel. Butcher is in a different position to the others. The letters he has written must be serious or else an idiotic joke. Before you can find him guilty you must find these letters serious and written in conspiring with some person concerned in the indict- ment. In considering the accused's statements, you must not discount them because they were not given on oath, but you have a right to bear nimrod that fact, and that the accused were not submitted to cross-examination. Neither witness, counsel, nor Judge has the right to influence your opinion. It is for you to decide on the facts in accordance with the evidence, and whatever your verdict is I am confi- dent it will be agreeable to the solemn oath you have taken. The jury retired at 4 o'clock, and the Court rose till 8. His Honor returned to the Court at 8 to-night There has been no fresh development of any sort to-day in connection with the strike. A big crowd attended to-night at the railway station for the pur- pose of making an adverse demonstration on the departure of Mr Whitttingdale Johnson. That gentleman, however, postponed his departure till Sunday, and the disgust ot the crowd on finding that they were baulked was very manifest. Mr. Johnson will return to Sydney by one of the Messa- geries Marítime steamers 11.30 pm. The Court rose till 9 o'clock to-morrow. The jury have not yet agreed. 