BOGIES. There is'no docbttbat the present Par liamentary election is one of great im portance and it ' needs no ghost from the grave to tell ue,' that we are pass ing through a period of severe finan cial depression. The next Parliament will have a serious work to do, bj judi ciously reducing unnecessary expenses and increasing taxation to make both ends meet. Bat the whole matter is simply one of business and to do tha. business properly we want men of bus iness grasp and business acumen. It is for the voters to select men .of ibis kind and to do 60 they must keep their heads clear and not allow themselves to be distracted by thedelusive pervasion* of fancy politics. The v?hole gtrno . ^rmsated to au ut.''aal ex tent with a number of misleading party cries, which only direct attention from objects tnat are desirable of attainment, aud which are of no solid value at pres ent — will o' the wisps which glaie bril liantly but lead to destruction — such as the Socialist Scarecrow, the Capitalist Terror, the One Man One ATote Grhost, the Wage Fund Hobgoblin and similar airy nothings which stalk about as grimly as the ghosts in Virgin's Hades and have about as much reality. There is much idle talk on both sides. We deplore the crude financial vagaries of Mr. Hancock, equally with the awc ?ome forebodings of the conservatives, as if a community where the vast majority either own property or have moaep in the Savings Bank which is baned on property, woulJ ever tolerate measures that wouli oblitorate the vtlue oi pro nerty «nd by so doing abolish interest. We helieve that when electors come to think it over, they will rate on the Rame i.-vd the impassioned or.torg who consider legitimate borrowing to honestly devclope the resources of a young nation as mortgaging the in dustry of the country, and those who attribute the want of confidence felt by the British investor to the assistance sent from Australia to the Djcker's strike. It may strike the unprejudi ced elector that the British investor is not unreasonably shy of loaning money to a community where after a series of scandalous robberies of the people's eovir.gs, a deliberate bank wrecker like Taylor is let off with a two years sen tence. We do not believe that any thinking man really believes that the materialisation of the Ono Man One Vote ghost would bea tithe of the shock to London that was felt at the short- sighted frerze-out by the associated Banks which letthe Mercant'Ie go down. The cold light of S3rious reflection shows the gauzy flimsinessof Dr. Madden's lurid special plea ling against socialism, in which everything is lumped under one term alike, the humanitarian socialism o: the Rev. E. H. Sugden and the dev ilish Nihilism of the Chicago dynamiters as who should brand with one stigma the Christianity of Philip I of Spain bh Motley draws him, an-1 that of Car dinal Manning. 'We do not evrn be lie?e that the holy politic would di solve into chaos if a labor delegation were elected to Parliament. New Ssuth Wales is still merrily forging ahead jn 9 serene disregard of that appalling in. II cubus, and we believe it would do infin. II ite good to all sections of the com. II munity for the representatives of labor to || rub shoulders with those of the Nati |1 onal Association and for e^ch party to |{ learn that the other was composed o If human beings iike themselves, each eu. II dowed with the same feelings of hoaes M desire for the benefit of the common 1 weal, and not the incarnate fiends that 1 the platform orator's fancy paints each 1 side. Perhaps the most soundly sen- 1 Bible summing up of the need6 of Ui, j present was that of Mr.Fitzgibbon (to 1 whose prose remarks in this instance we I cordially subscribe) at South Yarra I lately when he said that hedidn'tcarefor 9 free-tiade or protection or wool or S sheepskins, but what was needei vras 9 hontrsty aud common sense. Adding ? thereto business ability, we have just ? the qualities which are needed at the S present juncture, and if the electors I will keep those steadily in view and B r.upport t're candidates who show most S perfectly that they possess them, brush- ? : ? :J« +V./» nnptican Iwrrie which 91 stalk in every direction, the result will ? be a Parliament which will most cer- ? tainly restore the body politic to its I normal state of health. m 