LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, November 11, 1892. The modest request of the impudent fanatic, Beaufort, that he might follow the Lord Mayor's procession with two anti-Popery waggons on Wednesday was politely refused by the new chief magistrate, who did not choose to recognise a gross insult in the pro posal. Alderman Knill proni iws to be a success at the Mansion House. Tbe conscientious firmness and yet common sense which he has displayed in reconciling his duties as Lord Mayor with his religious scruples have been now generally recognised, and throughout his long journey to the Law Courts and back in thu huge gilt coach his lordship was cordially cheered. Of the show there is little to be said. Since Sir James Whitebead cut down the theatrical ele ment it has each year beonme less and les? conspicuous. Alderman Knill did not, like Sir James, dare to excise tbe ridiculous emblematical cars altogether, but he confined himself to a couple. Upon these shivering supers represented the trade and commerce of London and tbe goldsmiths' craft. The other component parts of the display were both sensible and smart. Tbe tire brigadesespeciaUy mustered in great force and excited warm ad miration by their grand physique and excellent marching. Tbe two new sheriffs, Mr. Wilkin and Mr. RenaU, have no special record as yet That they are, however, men of strong views is shown by the fact tbat they have resolved to exclude both the publio and the press from Neill's execution. The verdict in the diamond brooch case has given the profoundest (satisfaction in military circles, Mrs. Smyth being as unpopular aa Mrs. Leader is the reverse The former belongs to tho "elderly puss'n" genus of females, whereas Mrs. Leader if a very hand some kindly-looking woman. Everyone now condemns tbe former roundly for suspecting her friend, but as a shrewd solioiter (who predicted to me to a penny tbe amount of damages the jury would award) said — " Women are the very denoe about jewellery, and moat of them would have behaved just as spitefully." Hw added that he had constantly to settle difficulties for ladies who made reckless charges of theft agamst their servants on evidence whioh was really no evi dence at all, but which seemed con vincing to diem. Mr. Leader** friends maintained tbat anyone who Jmew her onght to have felt certain it was more likely she had fallen a victim to a series of strange coincidenqps than that bhe had purloined the brooch. This may be, but it must be remem bered that the coincidences were numerous and formed, till the weakness of some of the links were exposed, a very pretty chain of cir cumstantial evidence. Moreover, tbe plaintiff* cross-examination seriously damaged her case. One is still amazed to remember how very little, considering the receipt of Captain French'e unlucky present, Mrs. Leader oould recall. She was unable to uay where tbe parcel came from, whether it was registered or not and how it was stamped. Ask any lady friend or relation of yours to say in what manner some present you sent her was done up, you will find she'll tell you pretty well every thing about it. Apparently, however, the receipt of a diamond brooch was snoh an ordinary commonplace incident to Mrs. Leader that she never even mentioned it to her guest and daily and hourly companion, Mies Wheeler. A strong point on die other hand of the plaintiffs case was the evidence of Mrs. Porteous and of tbe soldier Servant, who had frequently seen Mrs. Leader's brooch. The servant had noticed it, particularly on the occasions he cleaned the jewellery in Egypt, and Miss Porteous had borrowed it once for an evening. Now, I could fancy Mrs. Leader's husband and sisters perjuring them selves for her sake, but not a comparative acquaintance or a servant. Then the jeweller who sold Mrs. Smyth her brooch could not find his private mark on the one shown to him in court. He opined, moreover, the latter had been but little used, whereas Mrs. Smyth had sworn she had used hers continuously for years. Experts differed as to whether the brooch fitted the case Mrs. Leader declared belonged to it. The jury thought it did. They laid great stress upon Mrs. Smy the action in alter ing the date of her loss from die 22nd of Sep tember, 1891, to tbe 21st, when she found Mrs. Leader had undoubtedly offered the brwoh for sale on the latter day. If Mb.. Leader's counsel oould have shown for certain the brooch was not lost till die 22nd he would have knocked toe bottom ont of die case at onoe as effectually as though he had been able to call die ghost of Captain French. Unfortu nately documentary evidence went to chow Mrs. Smyth really had made a mistake to begin with and that the date of her loss was the 21st. Mr. Lockwond made a great deal also of Mrs. Leader having £540 in the bank at this time, but die fact did not specially impress me. Smart ladies have frequently been known to annex trifles of die sort when they thought they could do so safely. Besides the social odium which has desoeided upon Mrs. Smyth as die result of nemjsong in her slander, there are die £500 damages and costs to consider. The Utter taxed will amount to not less than £1,600, I am told. Surely Mrs. Leader's most ardent champions must admit her enemy has been adequately punished. Outsiders may even opine that admitting Mrs. Smyth's epitefol ness she gets hard measure. After all io was not her fault that a train of coincidences little short of marvellous should have pointed to her friend as the thief. She knew every pieoe of jewellery in Mrs. Leader's possession as her counsel showed by reciting the list to that lady. "Is that a correct list of your jewel lery?" he asked. " Wonderfully correct," re sponded Mrs. Leader innocently, not seeing what he was driving at. The only piece of jewellery belonging to her friend which some how Mrs. Smyth never saw or even heard of was this diamond brooch, the exact doable of her own favorite. Can one wonder at her misdoubting her friend's defence? An additional point in Mrs. Leader's favor has transpired since die trial. A great num ber of people are of opinion that the mystery surrounding die case will never be satisfac torily cleared off until the jeweller who fashioned Mrs. Leader's present from Captain Trench in die image of Mrs. Smyth's missing brooch comes forward and acknowledges his handiwork. In plain ISngli&h; diis "WM^yjp that they distrust the verdict of theconrt. Now, if tbe brooch had been made in England it would be strange indeed tbat no man should come forward as die maker of tbe bauble, but the locale of Captain Trench at the time he made tbe present suggeete that the ornament was made in India, and strength is lent to this suggestion by die two apparently very awkward facts agameiMts. T *u!At «v?i~?rniiiE die case whioh Bhe pxoduoed in court asbeingdie one in which it arrived. Experts said die case did not fit die jewel properly, and there was no name stamped upon it These points were counted against Mrs. Leader, but viewed in die light of an ex-Indian civil servant's ex pUmabon they become I think rather points in the plaintiffs favor. The ex-Indian states tiiat it is a common practice with Tn«jj?Ti jewellers, nativeand European, tocopy English patterns and even to improve on die originals, and he points out also that they do not pay so much attention to die oases as Kngiwfr jewellers do, and moreover scarcely ever go to cbe fflrpnn?fi of having their names stamped in the oases. So long as the workmanship of the ornament itself satisfies them they care littl* for its extra furnishings. One cannot bat admire die combined in genuity and audacity with which Mr. J. Aitobison, a Fleet-street oculist, has screwed a gratuitous advertisement out of the Times. This adroit person lays down the thesis that Neill's criminality arises entirely from the fact that be strained bis eyes whilst young through not wearing glasses. The omission, it seems, Neill himself told Aitchison brought on violent pains in the head. To cure these die young man had recourse to alcohol and drugs. The alcohol and drugs led to demoralising habits and the utter destruction of all finer feelings. The demoralising habit? led to crime and murder, and—well, there you are, don't you know. Any ■profiling being can | ccc with half an optic that die first cause of the whole ghastly—l beg pardon, ghastly, sordid tragedy was not wearing eyeglasses. (N.B. Private. —Aitchiaon'e special par ticular at 7s. 6d. a pair.) Hundreds of NeiHs in embryo are now suffering from headaches caused by not wearing proper gIaBBPB. and will inevitably {says Aitobison) fly to drink or drugs unless they consult an oouli?t—Aitcbison, of oourse. for choice. Fancy tbe Times being deluded into printing this sort of thing as a serious contribution towards the discussion on the origin of Neill's immorality. We shall next have Messrs. Pears explaining that NeilTe crimes are directly traceable to an insane abhorrenoe of soap whilst young. The non use of soap pro duced the common or garden itch. Thf> itch drove him to drink and drugs. This led to demoralisation and ultimate crime. Nothing could be clearer. I went the other Sunday evening to hear Mr. Frederic Harrison, the high priest of positivism, hold forth on the religion of humanitarianism at the Newton Hall, Fetter lane. This building, the headquarters of positivism in London, is capable of seating perhaps 200 persons. At one end stands an American organ and a very slightly raised platform holding a reading desk. Tbe walls are decorated with terra cotta busts of ancient and modern philosophers and the maxims of humanitarianism. The latter read like modernised texts from the Gospel with all references to Christ and the Deity excised. The gospel of the positivists lies chiefly in their primary maxim, "live for others." This Mr. Harrison preached as though he and not Jesus had invented the notion and it was something quite new. His exhortation to us was in fact to live perfectly Christlike lives without admitting that we were inspired by Him or imitated Him. Of course he did not say this in so many words. People are to be good, I gathered, because, well, it'a good to be good. Above all, "live for others." I couldn't help wondering whether bluff Mr. Harrison him- self. and the six narrow-headed bald gentlemen who seemed to form his most ardent disciples, practically carried out their "live for others" theories. Their countenances certainly belie them if they are philanthropists. Probably one would find that living for others signified helping your neighbor intellectually rather than practically, Ray by destroying his belief in the Gospel of Christ and giving him instead —maxims. It seems to be perfectly true that Morley Roberts is studying low life at the docks, but not in the character of a navvy. An inter view from that peculiar periodical the Nnvrl- Brri, found him painting a ship's side. The interview does not amount to much, but it contains one good story. "Do you see that young arab;' said Mr. Roberts, indicating a dark lad slouching along the deck, "lie'sa queer chap if you like. He and I were over the side ot the vessel the other day painting. Says he to me, * I saw a man drowned a week come Tuesday at) Globe Stairs. Another fellow jumped in and tried to pick him out. He was nearly drowned too. I could easily have saved him.' 'Well, you young ewab,' said L 'didn't you try to?' "No,' he replied calmly, ' I didn't.' I was thunder struck. 'But,' I eaid, 'why didn't you? Yon can swim like a fish.' 'Well, you Bee,' quoth the youth in a matter of fact way, ' I didn't want to spoil my clothes.' 'Good heavens, man, what were your clothes com pared to a fellow creature's life?' He looked at me reflectively a moment, as if turning over the idea in his mind. Then bis face brightened, and be replied with the air of one who clinches an argument by an unanswerable fact, ' Ah ! but you see they were my best clothes.'" Since the conviction of the man Neill, or Cream, a number of facts have come to lisrfae concerning his life during the time be was committing the murdera. It seems the fellow had a large and miscellaneous acquaintance amongst the looae women of the Lambeth dis trict, knowing both smart and poor girls and young and old. All agree that " the doctor" (as his friends called him) was well liked and much sought after. He showed himself very liberal to any tjirl for whom be bad a fancy, giving away gloves and silk handkerchief and flowers, &c.;, freely. Neill talked well generally on topics rather above the heads of the majority of his acquaintances, and quoted Shakespeare and Dickens constantly. At the time of the mur ders the man drank heavily, bat was on guard against getting intoxicated. He said be was afraid of doing foolish things if be once lost command of himself. Neill kept an exhaustive diary and wrote it up nightly after his return from the music- halls, to one or another of which he invariably went. It was at these resorts the murderer met his victims. On the night before his arrest Neill destroyed the diary and a number of other papers. The secret service agent Haynes for sometime after be got to know Neill believed he was on the wrong track. It seemed impossible that this genial babbler could be a wholesale poisoner. One night, however, Haynes drew the wretch when he was three-parts " screwed " concerning he poisonings. The temptation to create a sensation was too much for Neill, and be then for the second time (the first occasion was in the blackmailing letter to Dr. Broadbent) asserted the girl Glover bad been poisoned. With lightning-like conviction the truth rushed on Haynes. If Clover should prove to have tbeen poisoned the murderer had delivered him self into the hands of justice. The love of money has brought to light many a frightful family skeleton amongst the Austrian aristocracy, but it would be bard to point to a case which produced more painful episodes than the great Waldstein law suit, which was begun at Prague on September 26. Thus case was commenced at the wish of a motner and sister, the bearers of two of the noblest name* in Bohemia, to recover some money whioh had been bequeathed out of the family, even at the cost of the fame of the descendants of the neat WaUmstein, whose real name was Wald stein. The facts of the ca«e briefly are as follows:—Count George Taldstein died in Vienna in November, 1890, three months after the tragical death of his young wife, Princess Pasqualine Mettervioh. He left a will, which did not mention Countess Antonia Waldstein, his mother, nor hi? only sister, Countess Christiana, wife of Count Leopold Thun, but made the city of Vienna his heir. The Com munal Council, however, refused to accept the request because there were so many legacies to be paid out of it, and because it waa believed the family would dispute the validity of the will. All the property the count could dispose of he left to certain emploj ea who were in his confidence. The entailed property went by right to his nephew. His steward, Joseph Weinelt, was to be paid twenty times the amount of his yearly salary, and the count? secretary. Gnstav Kleidorfer, and other em ployes were also left large sums. After Prin cess PasqnaKne'g sad death, a codicil was added by whioh 409,000 florins, which were to have been the princess's property, were to be distributed amongst the four favorite em ployes. The oountfe family not only disputed the validity of the will, but charged the legatees with Wring taken advantage of the count's weak intellect to induce him to make a will in tbeir favor. The indictment contains a fearful picture of the life and mental condi tion of Count George, which was so aggravated by alooholio exosn as to deprive him, by degrees, of all sense of love and duty, and truth, and finally sent him raving mad, in whioh oondition he died. The accused de clared that the motive for all the count's actions was hatred of the woman who bore him. They denied, that he was so feeble of intellect as to be in the power of others. Witnesses by the hundred were called, and amongst "others the Minister ot Commerce. Marquis Baoquehein declared thai notwith standing his love of brandy the count was, in his opinion, perfectly responsible for his actions until the last weeks of his life, but though! that towards the last Weinelt and Klmdorfer would probably be able to influence his thoughts ana deeds. One of the msst painful incidents of this remarkable trial was the appearance in the witness-box of the count's mother. This woman described her only eon as an incurable drunkard, who had been half an idiot from bis birth. Through all the partioolate of the trial, which shows up a disgraceful family history, runs one pure white thread—the devotion of she deceased count to his young wife, her unvarying land ness to him, and her heroic but vain efiorte to induce him to give np drinking. During the last year the count touched nothing save brandy; that he drank in tumblers. Weinelt and bu fellows on trial were brilliantly de fended, and the jury not only acquitted them of the chaxge of nndne "ift"?" but declared the wiU to be valid. Weinelt v now possessor of 400.000 florins and Kleidorfer of more than 100.000. The aoti-vivisection discussion in the Times, whioh arose out of some reckless charges brought against famous vivisectors at the Church Congress by Dr. Barry (the ex-Bishop of Sydney) and Dr. Berdoe, has resulted in the complete overthrow of those eminent clerics. The fact was Dr. Barry and hi? friends leant oa that enthusiastic champion of anti-vivisection. Miss Fiances Power Cobbe, and, alas! Miss Franoe? Power Cobbe proved a rotten reed. She gave her friends a magnifii cent list of * by Professor Victor Horsley and other operators, and (this was her great point) deEOribed by the vivisectors themselves. Armed with these the reverend gentlemen duly pro ceeded to horrify the congress. Imagine the fury of Professor Viotor Horaley and the viviseo tion party when they read the papers and dis covered that in 16 out of the 20 experiments quoted the all-important fact that the animals were smasthesised, and therefore in no pain whatever, was suppressed, and that in the other four animals distinctly stated to be dead were made to appear living. "If," cried Horaley, "the controversy is going to be con ducted in this unprincipled manner, and by pious churchmen, too, I for one shall decline to go on. If c too ohfldJ?h altogether." Miss Cobbe, with feminine inconsequence, airily pooh-poohs the churchmen's little omission. What are anaesthetics after all 1 They don't really deaden pain, && Dre. Barry and Berdoe have, however, found themselves com pelled to admit the omissions and inaccuracies sufficiently serious to argne the work from whioh Miss Cobbe inspired them to quote ("The Nine Circles'') unreliable. 