OUT ON A LARK-Feathers, GREATESTCYOUST.-Father Time. Ihk LOST CHORD-A pilfered clothcs-line. Tuur.y Bkttku Late THAN NnvEn.-Going lo bed. ° flrt'8t8 w<?ar their hair nf L^.V,Cy,,l,S(?' U,,do?'. About four-fifths of them do-Uie female artists!" R? VP'5 permit your wife to have l as k «;n,nnl. Ifusbai?d.(Positively)-" Ko, sir, she nos it wifnout my permission.11 «w£°?KS (rwwiinE «hout Fiench politics) ^remarkable man Henri Kochefort is!" makes'." s' a ^hink °fthe delicious cheese he " ^ HERE did you shoot these birrls'" asked "'indl^i ? iDmVn Je,'se.v." sai'l Mr. Sporty. «l,o t,i?^ ;i"l6Ul?WseU,.!s "^Rte* <»« '8 off one "of the buds lhat -jot away," queried madame. rfZAI£EJl~"Mtrinn' llaye vou already got i,,?" Katrina-" Not. ONH ,i?7 u' n ks lnay 1>e vc o'cis dose measles and dot schtnall-pox nc.vt veck." Lrnu; FANXV-" Mamma, wliat is lierecli \- \ MammaIt is soinelhinff yon gel. from your father and mother-." I.iitle Fainn-"Then I suppose spanking is hereditary V" '' Ifow's (justness now ?" Hovel (carpenter1! -"It's been pretty dull, but I cxnect a good job soon. I heard Crgleigh say yesterday that he had got a house that just 6uits him." PROSPECTIVE GENEROSITV. Mnmraa - vfiy didn't you share your iicach with Dolly? Tommy-"I gave her Uie stone; if she plants it she can have a tree." - Maristrate-" I must commit vou, for yon have no means of support." Prisoner-" r,ut I work foialivjjig, .vour Honour." "Ha ha! What do vou work at!" .. I work everybody I can, yourHonour." Knfant Tfiimnjr.tc-"Mamma, why have -,vou grey hair V'1 Maiiima-" llecausc yon aiti such a naughty girl." "Then how naught v vou must have been ; grandmamma's liair is all white!" OLD Yau.ERBY-"What yo' wants to iJo, Mose, am to save de pennies." Mose-"I nebber has none to save, uncle. Ole Whitewash alius pavs me id silver or bills." FEATH KHSTONE-* * I've Ijrou-ht, back that dress suit 1 borrowed of you the other dav, old man and I m much obliged. I hope vou didii't need it." Travers-"Oh, not at all. My room-mate, whoowns it, has gone away on a little business trip." Hmoor. BOARD TEAOKER (trving to explain what a brother-in-law is)-" Now, look here, von have a sister."' Tommy-" Ah, sir, ii's no jfnodshe 'ave three young men already. You would nt be in it " Wets the stick.) AVOCMVIJE TENANT.-" I like, the flat verv much, but. I hear that the house is haunted." Land lord (rubbing his hands and smilin?)-" My dear madam, I attend to that personally. The ghost only appears to tenants who do not pav their rent and re fuse to move out." MERCHANT-'"Your credentials are satis factory. fliveyou a gratidmo'her?" Youth-"No, sir." " Any dear old aunts?" "No, sir." "Or "real aunts?"' "No. sir." "Or any other relatives who n-iil be likely to die during the cricket season ?' "No -no, sir." "You'll do." MR. Jhr.r.cs-" Maria, I think von lavish altogether too much time and attention on (hat poodle." Mrs. Billus-" Poor little fellow! I fee! so sony for bini. John! Yoti know lie hasn't anv club where he (an go ana spend three or four horn's'every ' evening." _ Mrs. .TONES-" Why, Tommy, have vou got tired already playing with your little sister r'"Tominv -" Yes, I don't want to plav with her anv more." Mrs. Smith (a visitor)-" Why not. Tommy?' Tommy -" Derail e she is too mean for anything" Sho won't fight a bit like you and papa. She just sulks." "How happened it that you were out of the city when the fire took place?'' lie asked of Mose Sdiamnburg, whose clothing strr> had been badlv damaged by tire, '. Great heavens, man, but vhat do vou expect. V" exclaimed Moses. " Do you pelief I stiiay in town und let folks pelief I done'it instead of my clerk T' VERV LiKEr.r.-Impecunious Isaac-" I cannot I've without yon, ltepecea!" Wealtbv Itehecca-" Hot was all rijrht. Ikev, but yon must ask i niine foddet." Isaac-" When I haw to talk mit vcr fodder, Uejiece.i. I am afraid dot I vill find ond dot. it i*h much easier to pop ter kervestion den ter kerves tion der pop." AN Oi.d MASONIC CITSTOM.-Mrs. Harlem "So the Arabians go to lodges and come home late. ; just asyou do." Mr. Harlem-" I don't know anything . aliout it." Mrs. Harlem-"Well, there is an item in i this paper to the effect that when an Arab enters his j hoii-e he removes his shoes and keeps oil his hat. That's the way you do when you come home late from the lodge." AN OVKR-EXTENI>kd FRANCHISE.- (The Radical grocer has just been elected counr.v coun cillor.)-My Ijidy (to her pet protegee)-" Prav, whom did j our husband vote for?" Jlarlha Stttbbs "I don't know, my lady." Sly I.adv-" Rut surelv your husband told you ?' Martha Stnbhs -" lie ' doesn't know himself, my lady, lie's such a poor ignorant creature." Iii'siNES.3 MAN-'" Ah ! you are tlie athlete known as the modern Hercules':" Giant-"Yes. You wrote lo me to eall r.nd sec y ou. Are j-ou a show man?" liusiness Man-"N tio. You see, I am in troducing a talent improved stone- breaker to be worked by band. People can macadamise their walks, drives, and roads, without a cent of expense. See I Well, I want you to travel around with me and work the machine, to show how easily it goes." A POPULAR actor and dramatist, Mr. Kennv, never let an opportunity slip of making' a joke "or I perpetrating a pun While drinking a glass of wine } he inadvertently swallowed a until substwee, which nearly choked him. A friend, seeing his distress, and being anxious to proclaim to the company the sad state of the case, exclaimed, "K is cork stone down the wrong;way." "I d -d-don't know whether it is the wrong way to Cork," gasped the barely-recovered punster; "but it seems a very likely way to Kil Kenny." A VOL'VG Boston barrister not noted for intelligence succeeded in getting a client acquitted of murder. Meeting a friend a few days afterwards, the barrister was greeted with warm comrr&Mitions.; " Yes," said the lawyer, inoiiping his brow, " I got him off; hut it was a narrow escape." " A narrow escape! How ?' " Ah, the tightest squeeze you ever saw 1 You know, I examined the witnesses and wade the argument myself, the plea being self-defence. The jury were out two whole da\'6. Finally, the judge called them before him, and asked what the trouble was. 'Only one thing,' replied Uie foreman. 'Was the prisoner's counsel retained by him or ap pointed by the Court?" 'No, gentlemen, tlje pri soner is a mail of means,' said the judge, 'and engaged his own counsel.' I could not see what bearing the question had on the evidence," contained the lawyer;." but ten minutes later in died the jury. And what do you think the verdict was?" " What?1 [ asked his friend. " Why,' Not guilty,'on the mound of insanity!" i A LOST MAN.-In a pleasant little article on the " Neslors of Hunting," in " BaUy's Magazine," | " Borderer" tells the following entertaining story : -"Once upon a time there was a worthy citiiten who, having mode money, thought that he woult" go and.live in the -country. Indue course he bought on estate, and in due time the "Co." ran down .to see his old partner. On the road-for this was a Jong .time ago-he quietly made some inquiry as to how the new proprietor was getting on. Coachee's answer was everything that could be desired. He was such a nice gentleman, did such a power of gooi, everybody was so fond of him ;and so on. The visit was altogether so pleasant that a few months after Mr. '? Co." volunteered another visit. He pot his seat on the box again, but Mr. Coachman scarcely .seemed to notice him. At last came the' custoinnrv inquiry ns to how they were getting on at The Priory. " Oh, but don't ask me, Bir. I'd rather not say any thing About them, if you please." " Why, what's wrong?' The ooaehuian only shook bis head and looked graver tlian ever. "He liasti't taken toaiinWng.l Jiope?' "No,Mot lie; be had." " W ell, he isn't ecrea ing down liia teuaute?' " Why, Mess you, lie's a regular model landlord: pavs, what they likes. ahd when.they likts." v ile hain't cot to Interfering in ,party ^>o)iticsy; " No, uo; he ain't as Utat." «; What is St, then?' "What te.it?. Why be'g shot a ios. Shot a lox iu broad oaylipt on -KU bw» irouhdvfUMl !to*a n iostM.! His chawcter's gonciSir. The pentlemeh in Uto win room with hiuVtuin JUie parson of lie;! 