NORFOLK ISLAND. .rT.it:XTtv ;:t:e:'ts::;s. \---------r* ÷+ Na. 13. CON:tCI CtnrLE.S ).TOETY. In the year 1S3d a e:range outrage was c,:nmitted in 2Malahide, Ireland, which for a year bafted all efforts of the authorities to discover the perpetrators. The crime that was carried out was one that is now prac titally unknown, but at that period was of freque.t occurrence and gave rise to many d:sgraceful circumstances. It was that of body snatching, and the Malahbide outrage are carried out under extraordinary and p culiar surroundinge. .\ gentleman named Talbot Edwards had cmany years resided in Malablte. tie was eldcrly bachelor in :1S?, and of very .crntri bhabte, and it was generally under .aood that he was possessed of considerable '•calth. In the summer of that year he took seriously ill, and his only attendant was an old housekeeper who had come to the die. trict with him nearly twenty jears previously. Edwards' illness became so serious that a ctoer had to be called in, who bhluntly told p patient to prepare himself for the worst ,ti rrange his worldly off tirs if he had not e.:ady done so. The dying man on receiv e thih intimation at once had a messenger soatched to liablin for a certain attorney hom he wished to draw up his will. In due ..ur.n this man (one Mohael Hlardy) ar. ived and remained with Edwardts t:til his ath, whi?h took place a few days after. l'Po will was0 a most curiolus document. \'nongst other thir.gs it provided that a :tch of tilree anproved men should bh kept :iti crave dlay and nilh: for three months, r. order to prevent the sn'eces'uIl operatinns ,i the "'re?arrection men," an ths ghoulnlike tody snatehe were called .\e substantial I eacy was left to the holerl:eeper, and the attorney and three two persons were tp o:,inted the Eecotors c.f the si .t In the .,vent Of their no faiithfully carrying out the trues rep~sced in them, the testator in another a.use invoked terrible maledictions on their cde. Taosr who know the Irish character and osupere:ttious reverence they pay to the '?e"ests of the dying, even when not cecom ,,t:ind ny curses or threats of "haunting," II readdly believe that the housekeeper and S.to attorney complied in every respect with Etwards' r:queqts. Hardy eeleeted three nen to watch the grave, as provided in the ,ill, and one of the three was a farm I.kborer named Charles Mooney. lie lived in a emall cabin near the cemetery, and was employed by the eurrounding farmers when they rcqu:ired help. He had the reputation hf being an excellent workman, with an iliternin'sa fondness for whisky, and in 1836 he wa.s 41 yeara, but a bachelor. lIe was glad to accept the position of gravyewatcher, as a very liberal payment was tieored, although he would have preferred morning it in some other manner than by mounting guard in a churchyard over the mortal remains of a man about whom some queer stories had been told. The Irish co:araeter it might be said is a strange mix ture of superstitious cowardice and daredevil courEge. Half a centuay ago it was quite a common thing for etalwart young men visiting a farm house of an evening, where some old crone might happen to narrate ghost stories, to re. main atthe house ail night, as they were too frightened to go home in the darkness. These same men would subeqegcntly become the finest soldiers and sailors in the world, performing deeds of heroism equal to thle I·gends of Greek or Roman warriors. Like Richard III., ehadows at night had more terrors for them than the substance of ten .thoasand . e, but, unrl. . to e . nuutmabntc usurper, the fears were not indnced by an evil and accusing conscience. Char:as Mooney was a fair type of his countrymen, and though his new occupation was easy enough in the daylight it was very repugnant to him at night. The men, had to take a shift of eight hoursraeh in thoe twenty. four. Whether Mooney'a conwatchers did as he did is not pertinent to the history of the event, hut it is certain that Cnarles, the farm laborer, when on night watch carried with him a flask of "poteen," and when darkness net in he slunk away back to his cabin, and sallied out again when he had anr ranged to meet his relief. In fact, Mooney did not watch at all at night, and his very venialoffence was destined to meet with an awful retribution. It happened that Mooney had to take the watch from 10 p.m. until 6 a.m., on the first weel after the interment, and for three nights everything passed off all right, as the watcher simply put in an appearance at ten o'clock and six o'clock respectively. On the morning of the fourth of October, 13:t?;, he left his cabin, where he had spent the night instead of at the grave, and walked over to the churchyard. It was a little after five o'clock and not yet daylight, but the twilight rendered objects diotinctly visible. He sauntered slowly up to the grave, but when he got near it he stopped in horror, for the freshly thrown up earth clearly showed that it had been opened. Without stopping to see if the coflin still remained he ran madly to the cabin of the man who had to relieve him, and the two returned to the grave, where it was at once seen the "Resorreo. tionists"had been at work and carried off the defunct occupant. Attorney Hardy had not yet left fMalahide, and the two men at once proceeded to him and told what bad happened. "lWhat were you doing to allow such a thing, Mooney. It was your watch was it not?" the lawyer asked, with a severe and searching look on his face. Thinking that it was best to tell the truth, especially as no more watching would hb necessary. MIooney informed Hardy that he was too frightened to remain in the churchyard at night, and that from a few minutes past 10 p.m., until almost daylight that morning he had been absent athis eatin. The attorney said very little, but as soon as possible he went to the house of Francia Talbot, a magietrate, living in the place, and had a long ocnversation with him about the outrage. A close search was at once made, and during the day the body of Edwards was found at the western end of the ceme. tery, the coffin being covered with a few inches of earth, and lying beside the mound was a spade with the name of"Monocy" cut on the handle. The body had scarcely been disturbed, and it seemed strange that the men who had gone to all thie trouble and I danger (for they could be shot down like mad dogs if caught at thework) ehould have left the object of their risky enterprise behind them without the slightest nopa.sett reason. A strange and unexpectedt .vplnettion was soon given of the caot-e twhich lid'cerd the resurrectionists to lenv tioeir ghastly booty behind them, for both Ilarly otand the 0old housekeeper swore before Mouirtrato Talbot that a thousand ruiness lad Itoee, buried in the coffin with Edwards. This was one of the most solemn requests of the eccentric old man, and about the nois-fulfilment of which the maledictions had been included in the will. The body-snatehoers were, donbtlees, well acquainted with the Malahido churhobyard and the latest burial that had taken place therein. Finding that the grave was not watched, as supposed, they had violated it, and on opening the cofle at the opposite side of the cemetery had found the money in it. A thoeusand gsineas was a most welcome and onexpected hael, and rendered the grave. robbers independent of their usual source of revenue, Hastily throwing a little earth over the cooin, they had disappeared, leaving only the spade behind them. This was admitted to be Mooney's by the man himself, and the circomestances suer. rounding it were very osspicious. The fellow was paid to watch the grave on the piglht it was opened and there was onlgy his wn damtertoo tao tihe was not present when the I et wea committed. It was more than likte& that 3Io:ney was an aece-eary to the ou adI g and had received a substantial blhsi to olf it, and thi result was that the unflor tun-te farm laborer was arrested ca the enoital charge ned tried at the following aeiz.ea. Although the most diligent e= quiris ar d search was made no actual proof could be found that the man had received any money, nor could any ba found concealed. It was purely a ease of Circumstantial evidence, and a very strong case without doubt. The judge held the prisoner's refusal to ray who were his eompantioae in the outrage-on the plea that he did not know any more than the judge himself-to be sheer obstinacy. and he told the jury as much. Mooney's explana tion that the epado must have been taken from the "skillion " in which he placed it was hbaracterieed as absurd, and on the judge's adverse summing up a verdict of guilty was returned, and a sentence of penal rervitude for life imposed. Two months after he sailed in the convict ship ' Great Southern "for Van Dieman's Land to begin his terrib!o punishment of life transportation, and even the horrors of the tedious voyage passed unnoticed, for the blow had partly stupcfied him, and ha was as one in a dream. rMany years afterwards (in 1851) the true facts of the" body-snatching "were revealed, but it was too late to vindicate the innocent man, who at that date had long passed through his awful pi!grimage in the convict setttements. It appears that therewerefour men concerned im the outrage. Two of them were medical Etudents of Dublin, in rather poor circumstances, but who required a "subject," and at all risks were determined to have one, and the other two were residents of bialahide. One at them-a small farmer war sctoally on the jury that found Mooney guslty. This person was intimate with the convicted man, and knew from conversations with him that he was engaged to watch d.iwards' grave, but, from a hint that Mooney gave him after imbibing a few glasses of whiEky, he knew the man would not stick to his post at night. The students met this struggling farmer and induced him by a fairly liberal oiler to help them in cb. taining what they wanted, and he (Donegan) got the assistance of a man who was in his employ to help for a consideration. On the night that the outrage was committed Donegan went to Mooney's cabin to ascertain if the owner was ineide,and through a chink at the end he eaw the supposed watcher eit ting at the table on which a rnsh light burned enjoyingthe contents ol his" poteen " bottle. Mooney had, in fact, only returned a short while fiom the cemetery, Recollecting that he had forgotten to bring a spade Dlonegen searched round the premises of the negligent watcher, and in a "ekillion" found the one with the fatal word " Mooney "on it. After c:buming the body, they carried it to where it was found, and on opening the coitin to remove it were astonished to dis cover the guineas. A eatiefactory division was soon made and the object of the mission soon forgotten, for the students could now easily buy a "subject " without running the risk of being hanged. In 1:31 Donegan was stricken by a fatal illness, and he confeseed the autstance of the above narrative to the priest who attended him. The clergyman advised him to make it public, so that tardy justice might be done to luooney. That poor wretch and victim had sunk into oblivion, so far as the people of Malshids were concerned, and it was not known that he was dead. The dying farmer made his declaration to the Iron. Francis Talbct, who years before had taken a magis. terial part in the body-anatching tf Edwards, and twat gentleman at once brought the matter before the proper authorities only to be informed, months afterwards, that "Con vict Charles Mooney, prison number 249i6, per ship Great Southern, had died at Norfolk Island by judicial process on the 3rd of .No vember, 1s18." The victim had been sacru. ficed, and the death-bed expiation of Donegan -and such remorse is really no expiation was six years too late to benefit Mooney. Thu natmea of Domeann' assoeiates were never revealed, and no attempt was made to discover them, for it would only have shown with a very lurid light that net only is the law frequently " a hass," but that eometimes it is comparable to a very bloodthirsty animal that must have a victim. On the 7th of July, 1S37, Convict Mooney arrived at Ilobatt Town, and for a month he was placed in the barracks, preparatory to bring sent to Port Arthur prison ; but he was act destined to go there. Ilis unjust sen tence had changed the current of his life in a remarkable manner. From being a harm. leos, good-n.turcd, easy-going fellow he had becomea moroseand dangerous man; hisgood qual ties had been dried up by the fiery blast of mirfottune which had swept over him. Ite felt that death would be a merciful release frim the life that lay in front of him, and which as yet he did not even know the full horror of. His advent to the Hobart Town barracks was not calculated to remove the gloomy and ferocious thoughts which filled his mind. The oflicials at Hobart Town were mostly venal and cruel. They treated the felons much worse than they used their dogs or the pigs which they fed with the prisoner's rations. It was not in Mooney's nature to stand the brutal insolence and re fined cruelty of his gaolers, and he had only been in the barracks three days when he violently assaulted an omlcil, but not until he was almost forced to do so. It appears that a constable named Walsh had made himself very obnoxious to the batch of convicts who had arrived by the Great Southern. More than once he had boasted that he intended getting them a tasts of the lash, as he considered they were not full fledged convicts until they had received at least a "cool fifty." Although one of the lowest subordinates, the System allowed him a great deal of authority over the hapless wretches who were doomed to come within its draconian provisions. By practising a few cunning subterlugea he had practically the power of life and death over them, for he could goad them on to a point of deepera. tion; when losing control of themselves they would attack their guards, and either be shot down or hanged subsequently. Three days after the prisoners had been landed from the Great Southern six of them were engaged in the barrack yard, under Constable Walsh, laying down atone pitching. One of the prisoners was a septagenarian named Mad. docks, and the British government might well have allowed him to die in Eogland, lor his days wereclearly numbered. He was Ex eeedingly feeble, while his palsied hand and emaciated frame made it abundantly evident that he was absolutely unfit for hard work. Ge struggled hard to set the largo and heavy pitahers, but his efforts did not pro. duce much result. Walsh spoke several times to him in a rough and brutal manner, urging him to work harder, and at laseet he gave the trembling old man a push whicls sent him on his face. MIooney was working beside Maddocks, and, impelled by indigons. tion, he told Walsh he was a "cowardly brute." The constable instantly drew his club and struck thIe supposed body-snateher a violent blow with it on the head, and the latter instantly sprang at the oflicial and furiously dashed him backwards. lie would probably have hilled the ruflianly constable had not asesistance promptly arrived; and after beating Mooney on the head until he was unconecious, the constables, who came to their comrade's rescue, carried the prisoner away,and,placing him in a cell, ehained him to the srtone floor to awsait the pleasure of the police magistrate who would try him and mete out what he considered adequate punishment for so grave an offence as as saulting a constable whose person the System held to be sacred. For a week Mooney did not appear before P.MI. Marstan, for he was under the doctor's care, who said that his skull was slightly fractured, but at the end of that period he was brought into the august presunce. Next week the series of convict records will be continoed under the titlu of "Stony IHearts." This will eontinue and conclude the story of Convist Mooney's wrecked life, sad will be of ozxeptional interest 