jfjWSDALE SHIRE COUNCIL. 'I'horsdat, 7th Jandart.^ ,-prca^jitThe.full council} with :the ex .c^pjioa.oJfjCr Telfer, . rf \- M’ THE NIQHTSOIL DEPOT.. ’ *C^'Mriclepd I would like t9 know;, before 'Ufeminat'esof the committee meetings are conferred/by whose authority the Centro* iiiiifig'iphrcbased the site for the nightsoil Jeplbt. ’ T yiis surprised that, sucpi" action sbohfd' have been taken. I was distinctly under the impression that at the last meeting of tutTfouhcil, when this matter vrap under disyWiiohJ - it was finally decided .that the m'filhb’eis of’the Centre'riding, in conjunction with^thc/engineer and health officer,’should 'ftpon Mr Underwood’s second offer. Irf thlft contention I am borne out by a para graph in the Gipptitind''AcuV of the 9th •UeCefUbbr,‘giving an account of what took place’at that meeting. [Here Cr Saclcod read the paragraph referred.to. j However, to • n»y ntoprisfe, and that of the whole of the townspeople, we hear the Centre,! riding mefnbtfrh* have > involved the coiiiujiLiuto. thetpufcbhse of a piece of land on the river bankponc of the prettiest drives in Bairns dale. I would like to know what authority tlAil Cdntre riding members had to goto theteeCretary and get the cheque book for tht! purpose of paying.a deposit of .££91 for a nigliteoil depot ? It’s a fine 'state of thinjjsiw'hen three councillors can,.go and sigtl cheques and hand them away without bding passed by the council. Sir'W. J. Clarke objected to selling a site bn his pr.o(terty,;because he thought the people of Bsirnspale might cast a reflection' upon him for allowing his land, which is so near the>fown;do be used ns a nightsoil depot. It will be remembered by the counciPfliat I offered ray land on the flat between the llack*',aU;r and the Mitchell, opposite the health officer’s residence, and I myself would see that if the nightsoil was placed there it was properly covered up and rendered in offensive. Why, 1 oppose-the site chosen is first}'because of the extravagant expendi ture'it would entail, and next tlmjt it is thoroughly, unsuitable from its low-lying position, rendering it liable to floods, which wilbputkile up the surface and scatterit over tlic,*Ja}uls around and further down the watjjjcqurse. Indeed, a great portion of it is under water at the. present time. :.» .; Cr Payne :■ Give us all the faet3. .a • Cr’Macleod : The only ■ good thing the Centra1 riding members did was to get Captain Underwood out of a hole lie would never'have got out of for the next 2Qyears. I wopld like to hear what authority the Centijp''riding members had. I would re quest;1 the secretary to read the minute passed at the last meeting of the council in referdricc to this matter. '.secretary read the minute, which was to; the .effect that the engineer and .health office^ and members of the Centre riding be ashed t(o, report as to the suitability of Cap tain Underwood’s site and the best [terms obtainable. ,Gt Macleod : That bears out the report whicl} appeared in thc-JVr/w. The miifuteof lait.ipeeting read by the secretary ilqes not gira.tiic. Centre riding members the power to ileal finally with the purchase of tins pro perty, qu4 I- distinctly state that the mcm befs»mentionel should not have paid the de posit pit the purchase without coming before tlipir colleagues and reporting at this meet ing. There was no necessity for the iiurry and unnecessary haste exhibited by the members of the Centreriding. It is aghnmc that, the ratepayers’ money should be wasted in .tips fashion. .TheiSecretary: The authority was on a notice* of motion tabled by Cr Hopkins in May, 1890, to the effect that the Centre riding,tnembers had the power to purchase the> necessary appliances and any, other [ steps, that might be necessary to improve j the fljght service in the Centre riding. * >Oc<Mucleod : I would ask if that autho rises ’the Centre riding members to pur chajd that land ? :QV Payne: I maintain that on! that rtotadn of Cr Hopkins we had full power to purchase this land. It says we shall pur chase'.tbe Hesse pans, and also take further steps'.to carry out the system. If we chbSe a site for the depot on the top of* Mount Taylor there would be a host of petitions against it. As regards the site we purchased, oar health officer said it was crae’of ttbe best sites to be had in tb'e dis trict* Our engineer also thought it tons so suitable that we should secure it if possible. Upb’d'bne occasion we were offered tins site at*iS2 iter acre,:but the vendor thought fit to withdraw the land from sale, and sjioner thrift again lose the chance of getting it we pail ’'-the 'deposit mentioned upon.'it, be lie\fin°'as we did that we were fully ft'usti fi4<? inldolng so on the wording of Cr Hop kins’s motion. As regards the pretty’drive Cr Macleod' referred to, it seems to*me a mbktf'extraordinary thing that notwith standing'that so much bns been said about this *sfrtme site that ho didn’t object to it befiffe'to- day. On the contrary, he snid it wfis tlie; finest place in the world for tho dej/of.’and when Captain Underwood Vith dr^thfe' dand from sale, Cr Macleod was I tboVvciy first man to rate the captain for bpehSini; his bargain. (Hear, hea# and laiiglitel'.) • It seems a most singular! pro ci&nfnA;: As to the site being unsightly aid cansing an offensive odour, I’ll giAran tbeif the land was enclosed no one'toonld efdr, know that it was a nightsoil‘depot. ThA He’sse system is perfect, irrespective almofct’of the hermetically sealed path, for tHe’ lftuple reason that every pair i| con tihfiaily1 being deodorised whilst -itit use. Sly colleagues and myself havebeeirioiirg odr best to obtain a suitable' site some bvtoife' 'ever since we have been in thohoun ofttAld It was desirable that some APulity shbuTcH1 he arrived af,as the' health* of the townMepended greatly upon the intreduc tifij* 6f the Hesse'pan or day system. (Hear, hear.) . .(?r*])faclcod stated that the land put under offer, o^him to the council was the property of his mother, anil before he could deal with tlrcdaijdjie had to consult her, and sne de clin CflT,t6 “ sel 1 the .laud for the purpose for wliicfi’it was required by the council,* The roaSifn^why he was .annoyed with’Cifatain ■Underwood was’ for having' witlidrawfi liis o'ircf to'the; council after having stated that tliey mi^ht select anil purchase five acres of affportionof the allotment the Wfible of wlffcfi the centre riding members liavdpaid a deposit^ upon. Purchasing five ac^s at £&0,' the very pick of the land, is a very dif ferfchtf thing to purchasing twentytlevcn adrcsbf r£,i 0 per acre, a good deal otetoliich is;Mler water. The council could notMiave gone wrong in purchasing the five acles as they’always have sold the land and gotytlieir nrdney'back. ■ ‘Cfj Jackson:. The centre riding meifcbera thought when purchasing Captaiajjfder ■food’s'land that, ire were doing one.« the be3t,thinga that had ever been dime for this'district.' ;I, shall bs very sorry .indeed if' the |councirdoes not endorse our’aation. Cr Maeleod is the last man who should mt up anq, oppose oiir action, because he hijjbeen op tjie committee endeavoring togefthat shq' previously, and it is very wrorig in d|ed; .that. Captain Underwood’s',',lame tipn.ip. the njnnner.it had. iVe hafeal nibftjbegged of that gentleman to sea the lqhci,, he did not force it upsn uai. .^JIVLy dfd’Cr Macleod not rniso his voice against the [Situation or suitability of this' sita when the council decided to send a depute tatioo months ago to try and get a piece \- of. Sir -W.J. Clarke's land, wblob «ctu*l!y adjoins i he piece wo hi vejhslpui chafed ffbm'CnptainUnderwoori ? CriDreverinuhn : The resolntioli tabled ,by Cr Hopkin», and upon which this pur chase has bei-n made, is fcrttiidy a lit'l bit hazy, but I believe if the Ailtter was put. before a judge <he action & the corn niittee would be upheld. Tht Judfe woubl •' ■By something had been decided nbon, and there had been no corruption in^he action taken by the committee, and they did was done for the public good. That would be ' the effect of the decision. Therefore Utder the circumstance wa matt moke the best of the tiansaction. The Council do not require all the land purotfastd unless the balance is for a sewage firm, hut we nre Dot near far enough advanced for that. Moreover, the council sbonld net lie land jobbers. Wo sbonld therefore tell alt tile land not required for a night dot) depot as ■ ton as possible. Cr Davis; I certainly thon|ht the re ports of the engineer and heiitb iffirer would he brought before ut te*day in ac cordance with the rcsotu'ion pasted at last meeting before anything was done, but at the same t'rne I don't see how We cm get over Cr Hopkin's motion. " Cr Jackson's motion wal el Cried, only Crs Maclcod and lliowtdow vofitg aguiust Cr Cochrane said it was scant courtesy that the petition sent in tb»t day by Messrs. Jns. i'aylor, K. Fiorshce and o'bere, protesting against the site being pu ebased for the purposes of a night toil depot, was not read. The President asked Cr Haaleod and Bcvcral other councillors if they bad charge of the petition, but each in tarn replied in the negative. Or Boss : I rise to a point of order. What i< ltie u.-e of reading 4 petition ■when ihe matter is already settle!. It is only a farce to do so now. The Secietaiy : Xbc petition was placed on iny latile after the correspondence bad been read. The President: Will anyone take charge of it f Cr Scott : If no one else will I-will. Cr Payne : I beg to move that the pe tition be received. The mot ion was carried. POSTPONED NOTICES OF MOTION Cr Bo-s moved that all postponed notices of motion incurring expend) t ute be post poned for two months. Cr Atnc-eod contended that it was a mis take to postpone culling for tenders HD til winler, becaese she ground was loo soft to allow of the work being done, and, more over, it was the harvest time ii this dis J^Ci- Boss : Yes, harvest time » Bairns dale, but you don’t consider the.outside ridings as to their harvest time. The Pri sident remarked that ^lans bad b< en prejmri d for work that Would take fully 12 months to complete. Cr Drevorrounn said the best-course to adopt would be to strike out sit notices of motion. The c were a gross of plans and specifications prepared, and he thong- t the b.-st way to <to would be to let the members of each riding go through she plans and pick out the most necessary wotks. He would move that all notices of motion be struck out and that fresh ones beta bled. Cr Drevermnnu's motion was carried, Cr Mncleod then moved that (he works for which plat's had been prebarbd take prcce-i'-nee over fresh notices of motion, . The motion lap-ed for the Want of a lec-nder. lOKNEKAL BUSINESS! Cr Jack-nil rnov-i that, the Ip'oretary be anthorised to | urchase inrciiV-ed stock to the vinking fund to the extent of £700.— Carried. Cr Dari* moved that the piles of the Wy Yung bridge be re-tarred. Cr Bo.s moved that an extra day laborer be put on in the west riding.—Casried. Cr Scott moved that some trees be Cleared from Stoner Creek to the railway. •—Carried. |JCr Jackson moved that a fo# treeB in Goold street be removed.—Carried. • 1.-DISTRIBUTION OP THE SHIRS HEVSNUE. Ur DieVeinmnn moved, in Accordance aiih-a noiicii <d motion given snlit months previously, that the centre riding contri bute £500 to ihe east riding daring the . piesi’nt ; year, the amount to he Expended oh ilie Bnirnsdale to Sarsfiuld rdad and ou the Lower Nii-liolsoi. r.md. , C* Cochrane seconded the mbtion. He considered the request was only a fair and just one.'. The roads were cat op not by the traffic in ihe riding, but through D. Cr Payne said he did not wish to move In amendment ns he had anothek object in ♦iew, but before proceeding sny farther he Wished to thunk the council for postponing the motion from last, meeting in order to give him an opportunity to speak.an such Cr Mncleod: I challenge yetr state ^’Cr Jackson-: I repeat th >t you allowed a deputation to go without saying one wotd against i-. However, I think the step We h -.ve taken will be the very b«t thing (hat has been, done for this town, and in stead of cb ir.ing the prices w* had ar ■ tanged, *e believe with the 6itS selected, nnd i lie bargain we made, we shall-tic able to reduc- the charges still les*. ' (Hear, bear.) I’ll move that the ■“•botes of the touiuiit tee's meeting dealing with the pur abnse of this night soil depot bs edhfirmed. Cr Swan : I have great pleasiee in so eonditig the motion I was distinctly in formed nfter being elected a Member of this council that the centre riding mem bers had been authorised to d*al With tho . Wight soil system, and seeing the feport of the health officer and the engineer, which Were of a very favoruble nature, were be fore us, I sincerely believed we were doing the proper thing in making tho , purchase of this land. We hate made a wood bargain, and 1 hope the coutatil will . Indoise oor action. . , fir. Drevormann : I wish to point oht that it the last meeting it was decldedte »vt the , Wnginei r’s and health officer’s sepArts, and \- Bow this land has.liben purchaiefl without t,nr having had these facts beford us. ‘ Cr Cochrane: And what about tfc* other kite offered? ■ Cr Swan : You refer to Mr James Tay ier’a land, I might state that iS Captain Underwood’s land there were 27 acres, tnd out of that 0 acres are unsditable. and I Mr Taylor’s land there wtre 181 acres, Wtd 9fr acres of that unsuitable. A cal : halation was then gone into, and it wa9 (oond that Captain Underwood’s land was between £8 and £9 per acre ebeaphr than Mr Taylor’s. The terms of the purchase Were.£391 deposit, and the bilstlce in dearly bills extending over 6 yeWts at 7 fer cent, interest,. , Cr Cochrane: I think buying 27 aeres cf find at such a large price wiis a very rash Action on the part cf the committee witta 6nt consulting tho conncil. I wes a bit Surprised when I heard about it,- more particularly as regarde the quantity, as wo iliall not lequire a quarter of the acreage • Wnrcbnsed. I occupied that land three or f0Ur years, and I waited until Mevember fer tbe water to recede off it. Tcontend fbat a large part of that land ia not worth . quarter of the money paid fut it i Cr Boss : The question at issue i» etmply Whig. Has the committee^catried o«t the instructions of this rouncilf I will say dearly and distinctly that th* have. There is a resolution pas-'ed by this rounci (living them absolute power to »‘ke all he necessary purchases to oompteje ine fiesse system. In fact, the mAtMr has been so often before us that Or F-iWie not " long ago appiarvd di«hrar;etiM with their non-success to get a piece of eaitab.e land, and having got it they were quite •' within their powers to purchae e jt. an imnorfcint question. -Tfc wasa question that affected, the centre riding, nnd he had not the' slightest doubt if carried in-its present Form it meant putting the thin end of 'lie wedge in to make the centre riding a ho-ongh He might state at nnne that his co'leiigups and himself were witling (c as-ist the e ist riding. They had done so in the past, nod were prepared to do s > in the future, but they contended it should be done in a fair and impartial manner. The notice of motion that had been tabled, and which the secretary bnd just rend, was that the council should merely take into consideration the more equitable distribu tion of the shire revenue as regards the cist tiding. It. did not state that £500 should be votid i wty. Ther-fcre a fair a id equitable tribunal should be formed to carry thedesirrd object out in an equitable nnd satisfactory manner. Cr Boss was re ported to b tve said that the majority must rule. He backed that gentleman up in that statement when it effected the whole shire, but this was a matter which did not affect the whole shire. It affected the ceulre riding only, and Tory much toils disadvantage. He therefore contended it could not be dealt with in nn equitable manner ns the council was at present con stituted. There were nine members repre senting the'outBide ridings nnd conse quently they could crush the life out of the three centre riding members ns regards voting prwcr.-vHo submitted that if the matter was to be fairly dealt- with a com mittee should bn formed to consist of say one member of the aonth and west, ridings, two to represent the east riding and the thiee centre riding members, and that snch committee should postpone tho considera tion of the mntter for nt least six months. One reason for postponing tho question was on account of the east riding. He was sorry to have to mention it but the east riding was something like the scene from Hamlet, where the ghost appeared and in terviewed the prince. When the gliOBt disappeared Horatio rushed in to hear what the prince had siid, bnt before he entered the village he had to swear by his word he would reveal nothing. (Laughter.) Ho didn’t know whether they should swear by their word (hat they would reveal nothing of what they had heard about the state of til* finances of the poor east riding. (Laughter ) However, there was no one deplored the financial position of the c >st riding more than be did, hut he maintained that before they further attempted to lead the council into further exp nditure the overdraft that already existed should be liquidated, unless they desired, financially speaking, to suck every drop of blood out of the veins of tbo centre riding, ana then come along like a boa constrictor and swallow them up “ holus bolus.” (Laughter.) The centre riding members had not at any time prevented any works being carried nut in the east riding that wero absolutely necessary. He would therefore ask councillors to do unto the centre riding as they would wish to be done by. A number of school boys of course could combine for instance and take away the marbles belonging to a minority of their playmates bv brute force, bnt in the matter now before the council the mein hers of the outside riding could take the money belonging to the CPDtre riding by voting force. My principle reason for postponing it-for six months is that the Orneo road will be put through the east riding by the centre riding for the benefit of nil, nnd we should allow matters to stand over for adjustment until about the time I have stated, more especially as the centre riding are not only going to expend £8000 upon this new road in the east riding, bnt also prepared to expend £2000 if necessary to repair it. 1 don’t think the east riding will ask us to keep the whole of their roads in repair, lyid if the matter is postponed the committee will be able to make some equitable adjustment. Cr Drevermann : Don't keep us in misery or suspense. Cr Boss : I should be very sorry indeed to make one to force a proposal of this kind down the throats of the centre riding members, because I think there would be something so despotic abont such a pro ceeding, although it would be perfectly legal to do so. I am willing to leave the question to a committee, but I think six monts is rather a long time. Cr Jackson : I fail to see why the old veteran should come down upon us just now when we are in a wenk state. (Lmghter.) I’ll move as an amendment that the centre riding contribute £250 for tha present year towards the maintenance of the two roads specified, provided that the east riding also expend £250. That is a liberal offer. I’ll admit those roads are a benefit to the town and we should contri bute something. I hold that Mossiface would never have been formed had it not been for the bad roads eastward from Bairnsdale, and I wish to avoid another similar error. Cr Swan seconded the amendment. Cr Scott said he did not feel justified in voting for a motion of this kind seeing that the centre riding members could be completely out-voted. Cr Jackson, ion a siggeation offered agreed to withdraw the condition of the east riding contributing £250 also. The motion was lost and tho amend ment carried. 