I1ow a Man Who had Cheated Him C(ame Back After Death to Apologize. Uniontown, Pa., ,ews. " I never go much on ghost stories," began Contractor Van Dyke at the Clinton HIouse the other eveniug. The old gentleman had been listening with more or less attention to a series of fables being told by the guests of the lhotel. "Well, I don't know," the old contractor replied. " MI experience in that direction bas been s,onewhat remarkable. I don't sup. pose you will believe me, but the story I will tell you is true. L can produce a living wit ness to it. and I will at any time make alli davit to its accuracy. Two years ago I was building a piece of railroad down in the onast. ern part of this States. Among the people who furnished me ties was an old trader in whomlt I had little or no confidence. As tile bills for the tics came in _ paid them promptly and took receipts froms every man. I knew to the tie the number used. After my contract was completed the old trader sued me for the price of fifty ties. The case was tried, and I was compelled to pay the money. The old man ltad sworn to his bill, and little or no defence c ould be made. When I paid the money I warned the old fel low. I told him he had perjured himself. I predicted for him an unhappy euding. About six smonths ago I was awitkcened at onle o'clock inll tile morning by this same old trader. It was dark i mnay room. Just as plainly as I cvan see Vyol now he was there in life. lie wakenedl me by calling my name. My partner was in bed in the same room just a few- feet from me. I called hism and told him of the visitor's presence. lie said he w.?:ld not see him asnd laughed at sme. lie told me I was dreaming. and suggested that 1 go to sleep. While we were talking the old trader called me by name. lie said lie had been mistaken about tlhe ties. amnl otiered to return me the money. 'The vision then vanished. My partner talked with mce of the matter before re weLnt to sleep again. The next morning he told the story oil me as a joke, but while we were at breakfast the news reached us of the old trader's death. lie had (lied within ten minutes of the time of his visit to Inc. I have no idea how umany more calls of tile same. character he nhad to stake, but I am satisliedI his visit to me was the lastone. That story is true as holy writ, the old man concludei. A distressing silence followed its tellitlg and the party broke up before all recovered. Father (irascibly)-" Who's got my boot Sack I" Corn (smiling archly-" The cat.' "Puck. 