§,qUb of the Jftrmth. THE Board of Patronage met in the Bishop's Vestry, at the Cathedral, on Thursday last, September 8th, for the purpose of electing an incumbent for St. Andrew's, Brighton, in the , room of Canon Chalmers, who has accepted, the Bishopric of Goulburn. The members of the Board present were the Bishop (in the chair), Canon 'Vance, Archdeacon Langley, and Canon Handfield (members of the Patronage Committee), and Messrs. Cramer, Sims, and Moule (parochial nominators for Brighton). The Rev. J. F. Stretch, M.A., was by an unanimous vote elected to the vacant parish. This appointment vacates the important living of St. Mark's, Fitzroy. ¥E are asked by the Australian Registrar for the University of Trinity College, Toronto, to explain that, although no new names of candidates can now be received for the local examinations for theological degrees, all clergymen who have entered their names for examination in 1892, 1893, or 1894, will be free if successful to offer themselves for the higher examina tions which will then be open to them, and even if unsuccessful at a first essay need be under no fear that they will be peremptorily shut out from a second trial. TI7E regret to say that Archdeacon Herring had a sudden ' ' attack of rheumatism of the heart and lungs at Moo roopna some two months ago, and has been prostrated with a serious illness since. For the last five weeks he has been in Surrey Hills under the treatment of Dr. Turner, and we are glad to hear that he is now making slow but, we trust, steady progress towards recovery. There are few more active and valuable servants of the Church than Archdeacon Herring, and for him to be long disabled from duty would be disastrous, not only to the district in which his work lies, but to the diocese at large. We are sure that all his friends and Church folk generally will join in prayers for his restoration to health, and we hope that after a period of rest he will be able to resume his work in his archdeaconry. ? ON Tuesday, July 12th, at Evensong in St. Paul's, the Bishop of London admitted five gentlemen to the office of Diocesan Reader. The usual office was read by the Bishop, who handed to each candidate a copy of the New Testament, with the words, ' Take thou authority to read the Word of God,, and to minister in thy office as shall be appointed unto thee by the Bishop, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The candidates wore cassock, surplice, and tippet of the order. The last-named vestment has been introduced into the colonies by Mr. Eugene Stock, and for seemliness may be commended to our stipendiary and honorary readers. It is sanctioned by the Bishops of London and Melbourne, and serves the twofold purpose of distinguishing a reader from a clergyman, and a licensed reader from an ordinary lay clerk. Should our licensed ; laymen adopt this vestment it is hoped that it will not be . necessary for the Bishop to defend it in the daily papers, as the Bishop of Sydney felt constrained to do when the tippet was attacked by an anonymous correspondent, who styled it ' an illegal vestment,' and asked if they had to learn a new lesson in Church millinery. _____ TT is greatly to be regretted that a difference should have ?*? arisen between the ladies who have had the manage ment of the affairs of the Trinity College Hostel and the Governing Body of the College. Both the ladies and the College Council have given abundant proof that they have the interests of the Hostel at heart, and one would have thought, that being the case, that no insurmountable difficulty would have . been found in arranging a modus vwend/i between the two bodies. The letters which the ladies have published in the Argus, occupying four columns of that paper, disclose, after a careful perusal, only two grounds of complaint which can be regarded as sufficiently serious to explain the strong step which they have taken. The first of them relates to an agreement entered into by the Council some years ago with the Warden of the College, placing the Hostel entirely under his authority, of which the ladies' council say they ought to have been informed, but were not, on their appointment. The other is that for many months they have been appealing to the Council to give them a constitution defining their powers over the Hostel and their relation to the Governing Body, and that nothing has come of all their representations. The College Council have, naturally enough, no desire to embark in a newspaper con troversy with a body of ladies to whose liberality and labours they feel that both College and Hostel are greatly indebted, and have published no counterblast to the manifesto of the Committee. 'We are given, however, to understand, with out entering into the merits of either complaint, that the agreement with the Warden referred to was sur rendered by him of his own accord several months ago, in order to meet the wishes of the ladies, and cannot therefore fairly be said to be standing in the way of harmony now; while so far from the Council being unwilling to give the ladies' committee a constitution, it is the ladies who decline to accept the constitutions which have been offered to them, and desire conditions which the Council cannot concede without violating the terms of their Crown Grant. 'Whatever the merits of the quarrel may be, we trust at least that the working of the Hostel will not be interrupted until the students now in residence have completed their course and passed their examinations for the current year. IT turns out that the statement which we quoted from the English Ghicwddcm some months ago, to the effect that the Archbishop of York in refusing to license a colonially- ordained clergyman had alleged as his reason that no clergyman ordained in the colonies ought to hold a license at home, and that no clergyman ought to be instituted to a living until he had been ten years in orders, was without foundation. The follow ing is the Archbishop's reply to a letter from the Bishop of Ballarat inquiring into the truth of the report : — My dear Bishop— I have just received your letter of May 31st. I have not seen the paragraph in the Guardian, but the matter to which it refers gave rise to a good deal of newspaper correspondence, and many very inaccurate statements as regards the facts. It is true that I declined to give my license for the institution of Mr. ? to the living of ? , but the grounds assigned by the Daily Telegraph, as quoted by the Guardian, are without foundation. The ' Colonial Clergy Act' leaves it to the discretion of the Archbishop to license, or to institute any clergyman in Colonial Orders, but neither the Arch bishop of Canterbury nor myself would refuse to receive such a clergyman if the circumstances were satisfactory, and, indeed, have already done so in more than one case. There were, however, ample reasons for refusing in the case of Mr. — — . I have further to say that I have absolutely no such rule, as alleged, of refusing to institute to a living a clergyman ordained less than ten years. — Yours, &c;, WlLIiIAM EBOB. ' THE Annual Festival of the Girls' Friendly Society will be held on Tuesday, the 20th inst.; it will commence with a special service at the Cathedral at 4.45 p.m., at which the sermon will be preached by the Lord Bishop of Ballarat ; then will follow tea at the Town Hall at six p.m. After tea a public meeting, with an attractive programme of music and recitations, and addresses by the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat, will be held at the AthensBum at 7.30 p.m. Tickets for the tea and public meeting may be had by members of the Society for one shilling, by visitors and associates for one shilling and sixpence each. ? TjTTB have pleasure in recording that the committee of the '» Church Missionary Society have elected the Deans of Melbourne and Sydney to be Vice-Presidents of their body. OLD SUBSCRIBER,' in reply to the extracts we gave last month from ' L. C.'s' letter to us, denies that anything in his former communication justified ' L. C.' in asserting that he regarded Canon Goodman's book as ' only a memoir,' and not deserving 'to be dealt with fairly on its merits.' 'Old Sub scriber's' 'main contention,' he says, 'was that the work in question ought to be judged as the history of a period, not as the biography of a person, and that the powerful individuality of our first bishop was (in a history of his episcopate) more fittingly deduced from his actions and public utterances than from a verbal summing-up of character.' Our readers having by this tiine the reviewer's case and that of his critic fairly before them, the correspondence on this subject must now cease. 'THE name of the Rev. H. F. Tucker will be handed down to ?* posterity as that of one of the most indefatigable and enterprising philanthropists of our day. He is the working partner in the village settlement movement, and carries in his head all minutest particulars as to the progress and needs of every one of the five co-operative communities that have been called into existence by his exertions. It is gratifying to learn that all this labour is not wasted, and that the general feeling on the part of the colonists whom he has been the means of ^ placing on thelahd is satisfaction at their position, and gratitude for having been shown the way to attain it. The following unsolicited testimony from two settlers at Wonwondah East, near Horsham, to the success of the settlement to which they . ; belong, will be read with interest by all intending colonists and. their friends :— ? Tucker Village Settlement, Wonwondah East, July 11th, 1892. Mil. A. — Dear Sir— -I have great pleasure in wishing you much happiness, and hope you have enjoyed your wedding tour. I should have -wrote you before, but knowing you were away ; however, , I take this opportunity of thanking you and all those who have con- ; tributed towards placing me and my family here. If those ladies and gentlemen knew how thankful and contented we settlers are they would be glad that their contributions had not been thrown away. - Most people here are very respectable, and been in much better .: circumstances. As for myself, I arrived here without a penny, which , is rather inconvenient with a large family. There are small things _'-.'.. wanted here which we cannot get without money ; but we get plenty wholesome food (no luxuries, of course) ; but we have every reason to be thankful, considering the distress we have left behind us. We are \ ; putting our shoulders to the wheel with the intention of making the : scheme a success. At present there are 53 families— -236 in all. Some' : of us are grubbing trees and clearing land, others are sawing timber. We have got a saw-mill on the ground, so we hope soon to commence to put up houses for ourselves ; at present we are in tents, which is not watertight, however. We came here prepared to rough it. This - place is very healthy ; the children think it quite a picnic. Mrs. S^— - is getting on grand; she eats as much again as she did before she came here. My leg has kept very well, considering the severe test I have had in pulling logs about. . . . — I remain, yours respectfully, John S ? . Tucker Village Settlement, Wonwondah East, August 29th, 1892. Rev. Sir — I take the liberty of writing to you to let' you know how satisfied I am with the block of land I have drawn, and to thank you : and your co-directors for the chance you are giving me— a man with out capital— to get a living from the soil, and leave something behind me for my family. It was with this intention that I left the old country, prepared to endure hardships in gaining that end, and I must say that up to the present I have suffered none on this scheme, though the diet is a rough one for young children. The soil of my block is a stiff loam, and I doubt not that it can be irrigated. . . . I would not change it for the best block on the settlement, because it is land that I understand ; &c.; . . .—I remain, sir, yours respect fully, H. J. R— . IT is the custom in many churches to deduct from the offertory for special objects the average amounts of collections for church expenses, &c.; This is perfectly legitimate with respect '??'.; to all collections not rendered obligatory by an Act of the ' Assembly, but the fact should in all cases be announced. The question has recently been brought before the Chancellors of the Dioceses of Durham, Rochester, St. Albans, Southwell, &c;, who agree that 'it would not be lawful to devote any. part of the money collected for any specific objects — e.g., missions — towards church expenses unless the facts were announced that a part . would be so devoted.' . „ WE desire to bespeak the support and co-operation of all our readers, lay and clerical, for the Bazaar and Cake Fair to be held, in accordance with a suggestion made by His Excellency . the Governor, in the Town Hall, Melbourne, on the 26th and 27th October, in aid of the Queen's Fund for the relief of distressed women and children in this colony. The Countess of Hopetoun has kindly undertaken to preside at a stall in the Bazaar, and has written a letter commending the project, and soliciting the assistance of all our leading citizens and citizenesses in making it successful. We trust that her charitable invitation will meet with a hearty and generous response. We need hardly say that we shall be happy to receive any contributions that may be sent to us in aid of the. Fund. 1 npRINITY. — During the month we have had a visit from Mr. -»- Eugene Stock, who gave us an interesting address on the ^ work of the Church Missionary Society. He came in response - to an invitation from the Theological Society. A good number of students and a few ladies attended. We were pleased with his visit, because he made known to us many facts about '-? missionary work of which we were previously ignorant. Much V as the words 'mission' and 'missionary' are used in daily : life, it is surprising how little knowledge there is about them in v reality— even among Trinity College theological students. It is easy enough, and what most of us do, to picture one infinitesimal spot in one country, and make that suffice for the whole. We do not seem to grasp the thought that beyond that one little area there are vast fields with countless millions yet to be won for the Master; that the G-ospel note has not even yet, after eighteen centuries of sounding, penetrated into many great and populous districts of the world; and when such gentlemen as Messrs. Stock and Stewart come and enlarge our horizon, they do good, and compel us to acknowledge our ignorance, and to own one's ignorance is the first step in knowledge. And so we again thank Mr. Stock for his kindly visit, and hope that we shall not forget the lesson he has taught us. Our Theological Society was also visited by the Eev. C. J. Godby, who read an able paper on 'Prophecy,' which was much appreciated. The visit of Mr. Stock was the final meeting of the year of this society. The society was organised in the attempt to carry on on wider lines a similar society which existed previously, and on the whole we may say it has been suc cessful. It is true that the numbers who have attended have not been very large, but numbers do not count for everything. The mainpoint, and the point of most value to the theological students, is that they have been brought into touch with the outside world. Gentlemen of marked ability have come to us from time to time and given us their best thought on abstruse questions in theology, and thereby enabled us to widen our mental horizon in indicating, if in nothing else, the fields for future reading, and the necessity of knowing these various subjects; and in doing this they do good work. But we are bound to say they do more than this, for they point out the lines on which one should read, and so do a positive good. What shall I read ? is a question difficult to answer in this age of books, and to be shown the good books is surely a benefit. We hoped that we should have had the presence of some of the readers in the city, but they did not attend. The junior members of the Bar used to attend our Dialectic Society, and so during the next year we hope that the junior members of the Church will strengthen our Theological Society. I At the final meeting of the Debating Society, Mr. A. E. J. Boss read his prize essay on 'Peace hath her victories no less renowned than war.' rjpHE authorities of Copenhagen are trying the experiment of -*- -classifying their poor according to their character. For loafers, ne'er-do- wells, thriftless sponges, sturdy vagrants, et id genus orrme, the workhouse and the casual ward are still held to be suitable asylumns. But the aged, deserving poor, with all who have come to destitution or indigence from sickness or any other form of unmerited misfortune, are to be recognised as a class apart, and to be treated as the State treats its veteran soldiers — viz., as men and women who have justly earned their superannuation, and may take their relief, whether it comes in money or in kind, as an honourable pension, and not as a humiliating dole. Of course, in the carrying-out of this measure stringent precautions will have to be taken to prevent the State's bpunty being abused; but the new law is as righteous as it is merciful, and while it marks an epoch in poor-law legisla tion, marks at the same time an advance in just sentiment and delicacy of feeling on the part of the community which has adopted it, which is worthy not only of our praise, but of our imitation. THE Burideeanal Chapter of Kyneton have announced their -*- intention, in the interest of country representation on the Council of the Diocese, to nominate four country clergymen to contest the four clerical seats that are vacated this year. This we must think is bad strategy. We have always held that the Council of the Diocese made a mistake in not making some effort to understand and, as far as possible, meet the wishes of the country clergy for a greater voice in the decisions of the Council on matters' affecting their own districts. As, however, the Council were obdurate, it is only reasonable that the country clergy should endeavour, by combining their strength, to secure the return of some of their best men.' Had the Kyneton Chapter been content, then, to challenge two of the vacant seats for the country clergy they would have been well within their rights, would have had the sym pathy of a large number of the town members with them, and would have run no risk of exciting bitter feeling, or dividing the Assembly into a town party and a country party ; as it is, we fear, sore 'feeling is inevitable. The attempt to put in none but country representatives has too much the air of retaliation. It is M like saying, ' You have kept us out ; we will try if we are not || strong enough now to keep you out.' That may be excellent M Parliamentary tactic, but it is not the spirit that should govern | our Church counsels. We hope that our country chapters, to i which we are indebted in times past for so many valuable 1 measures, will pause before taking a step so open to miscon- 1 struction, and will rest satisfied with the endeavour, in which i they may count upon large support from their brethren, to ;§ obtain a fair proportion of the vacant seats at each yearly ;| election. || 