BARBARA'S CHOICE. OHAPTER II (CONTINUDn.) " Mv dear Miss Boltram, you here l" said Doctor Hornet. And he, an anotive man in spite of his sixty years, presses her hand sympathetically. " My brother is there," she rejoins, simply, turning her eyes again towards the labouring crow. "He will soon be here, I trust," the doctor rejoins, hopefully. "Please Heaven I" old Billy adds, reverently, and every heart thrills and echoes "Amen I" Nearer and yet nearer the brave craft comes, for the wind is no longer against it, and hope rises high. Yet even at the last a cry of terror issues from several throats as an immense wave lifts the boat on high and with a roar and a terrific rush appears to hurl her into a sooeething gulf. But a glad cry, a ringing cheer, is heard even above the roar of the storm, and the gallant boat appears almost at the feet of the anxious watchers. And now, everyone, oven timid Una, forgets the terrors of the flood, as with one consent the women follow the men and lads to the very brink of destruc tion to lend their aid in bringing the brave but almost exhausted men ashore. Two lives have boon saved, and a third body has boon picked up, but whether alive or dead is not known yet. The doctor's aid is very welcome hero; the village folk know well how to proceed with tihe two persons-a man and a youth-who are suffering from cold and exhaustion, but the third person falls to the doctor's special care. "He is not dead. See, blood is oozing from a wound on the head I Help, my lads I there is not a moment to lose I " And the doctor has his prize con voyed to the Boar, and at once commences operations for restoring oonsBiousness. " Tell Mr. Boltram not to linger about. He has not been strong since the last affair," the dootor says, ad dressing Jan Horn. "And hoe has had no food for nine hours," Barbara exclaims, for she has overheard the doctor's remark. " Please, 'm, Mrs. Betty sent me with dry clothes for the master, and will you try to get him to see to him self at once ?" a voice says at Barbara's elbow, and, turning she sees the rough but willing handmaid Sally. "Did you moot my messenger ? I sent to toll Betty of Mr. Boltram's safety," the young lady says as she takes a bundle from Sally. "Laws, 'm, I've been up and down here twice afore I Poor Mrs. Betty was that anxious she couldn't lie there without knowing how things was a goin'. When the boat was almost in I went to tell her ; an' now I've soon the master safe I'll hurry back." " Say I'm coming soon, Sally," Barbara rejoins, with a feeling of re morse at not having spared Betty the necessity of sending her only available messenger. " And tell her we hope that three lives have boon saved." Mr. Beltram does not need much persuasion to induce him to accept the kind attentions pressed upon him by the landlady of the Boar. After changing his soddened garments and hearing that all the men whohad been his companions in danger are being duly cared for, and that the resoued persona-including the doctor's special charge--are progressing favourably, he accepts food and coffee and trios to appear unaffeoted by his night's woek. Barbara, who knows that a "scone" would not be pleasing to her brother, keeps her feelings under control ; but the doctor's words have caused her some anxiety, and she watches Jack with some alarm. "Are you not well, dear ?" she asks at length. "Only a trifle dizzy. I think we will go home. Miss Morgan, I am truly sorry that you have had such a fright." "I have learnt much to-night," the girl says, softly, "and I am not sorry that I came. But about the ship, Mr. Beltram, was anyone on her when she sank ?" "No; I satisfied myself on that point before we pulled shoreward. Everyone but the captain and the young lad, who is his son, had quitted the ship an hour before she went down. The act was a desperate one, for what boat could live in such a sea? Yet the poor follows were anxious to make the attempt, and crowded into the only boat they had -the fellow to it had been swept away by the storm-but the captain and his son agreed to remain on the doomed ship till the last. "The boat-load of men soon dis appeared from view, and it is in all probability lost, for the poor follow whose case is so oritical was washed right back on to the deook of the -trader. It seems that he was the only passenger on board, and the captain is deeooply concerned for his safety. When we picked up the three men they woro all lashed to a raft, and the brave captain begged that we would take the insensible man in hand first." "How thlankful the unsolfish cap tain will be if the poor follow should recover I" Una exolaims. "If you will exocuse me for a moment I will just speak a few words to the dootor," Mr. Boltram says, after Bar barn has insisted on his putting on an ulster and hugo muffler. "Do, dear; and ask the captain who that poor suffering man is," his sister rejoins. The girls wait almost in silence for the rector's return. Gradually the wind is subsiding, and there have been no further reports of ships in distress, although a vigilant look-out is still being maiutained. As Mr. Bocltram re-oentors the room his flushed checks and shining eyes attract the attention of both of his friends. "The most marvoellous tlhing has happoned I " ihe says, and his rich voice is somewhat tremulouns. "Bar bars, do you remenmbesr that a lad named Gns Travero saved the lifo of our poor little B3ert when the fire broke out in tbo dormitory of thoe aohool? " " Of coursoe I do. What of it ? " " Tho doctor's patient in tho very oameo follow I know him no coon ano I ontorod tho room. Previously I had not soon hiu face distiuotly; but now in the light room I have recogniosed him, and ho romoumbers mo." " Ho is conscious, thon ? " " You; thank Hoavon I " " Oh I Jnolack, how thankful I am that you wore one of tho roscuing party. I know that dear mamma always romemborod Gue Travors in her prayers after that night. Una, you hnvo hoeard mo opoak of my brother Bort, I think ? He died six years ago, just after we lost dear mamma.' "You, I know. But Bab, deaor, lot nus go home as quickly as we can," Una rejoins, in a low voico. " Your brother is far from well, and ought to go to bed at once." " Yoe-yoe ; you aro right," Bar bara returns, a she notiooes tho feverish look of Jack's thin choeeks. " Come, Jack, lot poor Betty coo that you are all right." The appeal is one which ges right to bin heart. Ten minutes later he is in the old servant's room, but sho does not suffelr him to remain thoro a moment. " I'm real proud of you, Master Jnoak, and I wish your poor mother could know of this night's work," the old creature sobs. " But sho wouldn't lot you stand about when you ought to be in bod ; so please do as she would wish." And, with a sense of extrome largour, tho roctor complies. CIIAITER IIII. Next day Mr. Boltram presents himself at the breakfast-table as usual. Excepting that he appears weary and stiff, there are no visible effects of last night's adventure. He at once despatches the lad-groom, gardener, and general factotum--to make in. quinces concerning the survivors of the wreck, and to intimate that he, the rootor, will call upon them in the course of the morning. The lad returns with an encouraging bulletin. Captain Franks and his son are none the worse for their rough battle with the storm, and the other gentleman is rapidly recovering from thee effects of his dual immersion. The wound on his head is not serious, and the doctor is not at all concerned for his patient's safety. This hopeful report is received with much joy. The morning is calm and bright, and from the rectory windows few traces of the fearful storm which raged a few hours ago are to be seen. " The fishing-boats will come in with the tide. Perhaps Miss Morgan would like to see them, Barbara ? " the rector suggests, when breakfast is over. Misas Morgan expresses eager assent, so, after a brief conference with Sally, who, whatever her faults, is a very willing young damsel, Barbara pre pares to accompany her guest. Mr. Beltram is no longer the grave, scholarly rector of Colston-on-the- Sea in the eyes of Una Morgan. He is a perfeot hero-a man to worship, almost; and her sweet face beams with happiness as this man, who is as brave as Hector and as learned as So0rates, talks to her-simple little Una Morgan -as if she were his equal-aye ! his superior. They walk a few times round the garden, while Barbara is engaged with Sally, and the rector finds a few choice flowers, which Una fastens in her black dress and resolves to guard as speooial treasures. And Mr. Beltram is thinking how delicious it would be to have that sweet face beside him always. Yet how can he hope that any girl especially one so pretty and clever as Una-would care to bury herself in that out-of-the.way place ? He sighs softly, and then, becom ing consoious that his companion has heard him, he flushes painfully. "I believe, Mr. Boltram," she says, contemplating him gravely, for she has no suspicion of the nature of the thoughts that have brought that crimson flood to his face, " that you are suffering more than you will admit from last night's exertions." " A walk on the shore will put me right. Ah i here is Barbara." "How beautiful she is 1 Are you not very proud of your sister, Mr. Beltram ?" "Very; but not solely on account of her good looks. Nothiing she has over done has given me so much pleasure as this acot of hers which shows that she will not marry for wealth." Una is silent for a moment and a troubled look comes into her soft brown eyes. " You would not refuse to give her to a rich man, Mr. Boltram ?" she asks at length. He looked at her in some surprise. " I don't quite understand you. Do you mean would I refuse to accept any man as her lover simply because he has riches ?" " Yes, that is it. Would you ? " "Certainly not, even if I could put a veto an her actions, which of course I cannot; for I really believe that a life such as she will have at Coleton will soon grow distasteful to her. There is a difference-a very decided differenco-botwoon marrying a man who has wealth, and marrying a man because he has wealth." Una's face brightens. "I am glad you do not object to wealth," she says, while she blushes slightly, and turns to moot Barbara, who has boon stopping to gather afoew sprays of her favourite sweet-briar. Mr. Boltram wonders what she moans. Can it be that she is in love with someone whose riches have laid as a weight upon her ? The bright April sunshine cannot dispel the shadow which comes into the rector's eyes as he thinks that it is more than probable that someone has already won the priceless treasure of her love. She is in high spirits her self, and the sight of the beautiful sea for once gives her a thrill of pleasure, for it recalls to her mind all the heroism of the night before. A busy scene moots the eyes of the rector and his two companions when they reach the foot of the street, The fishing smacks are all in sight, and two of them are already alongside the jetty. The whole of the hamlet seems to have assembled to welcome home the men with the freight which means daily broad to so many, Glad voices, quick orders-promptly obeyed-and an occasional cheer are among the pleasant sounds that fall on the ear. Everyone appears happy, for the " take " is unusually good, and hearts are light and joyous. Several carts and market traps are in waiting to carry away portions of the cealy cargo; and altogether there is plenty to interest the young ladies, who are respectfully welcomed by the busy people to whom they say a few words -chiefly of inquiry - while Mr. Beltram enters the Boar to pass a short time with Mr. Travers. That gentleman is up and dressed, and assures the rector of his thorough recovery from his brief illness by standing up to receive him. He says very little of his gratitude, but Mr. Boltram quite understands the tight clasp of the hand and the quiet words of thanks, and hastens to change the subject. Captain and Master Franks have engaged one of the fishmongers to driveo them to the railway-station at the nearest town, which is ton miles distant. They come in to take a hurried leave of their fellow-survivor, and to pour heartfelt blessings on Mr. Boltram. " Religion isn't much in my line, sir," the captain says, heartily, " but I can appreciate a noble action. I remember my lad learnt some verses in my hearing not long ago-lines by Leigh Hunt, about ' Abou Boen Adhem and the Angel.' You know them, doubtless ?" Mr. Beltram nodded, smilingly. \- I pray thee, then, Write me as one that loves his fellow-men, the sailor quotes. " That is the sort of thing we rough seamen understand. Mr. Beltram, I am thankful that I have had the honour of meeting you, the thought of you will do me good all the rest of mylifo. Heaven blessyou, sir I My wife would thank you better were she here for saving her husband and son." " My dear captain, say no more. I was only one of many. No one could live among these quiet, yet heroic people, and be a coward. I thank Heaven that you and your two com panions were saved, and deeply regret that we were too late to help the other poor fellows." As Captain Franks shakes hands with Mr. Travers the latter says in a low tone "Do not neglect to write to the address which I gave you." "Thank you very much, sir. If Lord Northatone can help me to the appointment he will be doing me a favour." "Depend upon it he will;" and with many expressions of good-will the follow-survivors separate. "A brave follow," Travers remarks as, going to the window, he watches the captain's broad-set figure as, ac companied by his son, he takes his way to the conveyance that is to bear them to the railway-station. Waving an adieu to Travers, the rector and villagers generally, the two sailors are driven out of sight, while the lads on the shore raise a cheer. Travers remains on a couch by the window and watches the picturesque scone being enacted outside. Suddenly he utters an admiring cry " What a lovely girl ! Who is she ?" he asks. The rootor, who is looking at Una, changes colour slightly. "Mies Una Morgan, my sister's friend." Then, as Una's recent re marks on Barbara's exceeding beauty recur to him, he adds, "But which of the girls do you mean ?" " The taller one. Both are pretty," Travers says, in some confusion. " Ah I that is my sister Bab," the rector rejoins, with a smile. " She is considered a beauty, I believe, but-" " Brother-like you do not quite see it, eoh ?" Travers laughs. "Well, I grant you that Miss Morgan has a sweet face, but your sister is superb." "Too superb to be content to re main here long, I fear," Mr. Beltram says, with a grave expression in his eyes as they notice the girl more closely. " She has been educated to fill a high position in society, and has given great offence to our father's cousin - a fashionable lady, who wished to introduce her to a man of rank - preferring to come to my humble rectory to being disposed of as an article of merchandise." He refrains from mentioning the name of Lord Northstone, as he knows that that was the person to whom Captain Franks referred as likely to be influenced by Travers' name. "That was a brave action," Travers remarked. "Dr. Hornet has bound me to remain indoors to-day, or I should like to come out and be intro duced to the ladies." "Barbara is longing to see the rescuer of our little Bert; but, if you will excuse me, I will not bring her and Miss Morgan here now. I should prefer to fetch you up to the rootory to-morrow." "Thank you very much. I half intended to leave Colston to-morrow as business is waitiiig-f6r me, but I canuot resist your kind offer." Mr.Boltram remomberethat Travers was studying for the bar when last he heard of him, and on his referring to business expresses a hope that he has found the profession to his taste. "I have been fairly successfol," Travors replies, "and" (with a laugh) '1 that is generally a pretty fair indi cation that the work is congenial. From what I hear here, Mr. Beltram, your labour is rather heavy." " It has its pleasures," the rester rejoins, with a quiet smile. " I must leave you now, but I will call later in the day." Travers notices as the rootor rejoins the ladies, that Miss Morgan's face lights with pleasure, which circum stance, combined with the remem branco of Mr. Beltram's mention of her in reply to his Travers') question respecting "that lovely girl," helps to a pretty corrdot estimate as to " how the land lies," as Travers expresses it, between the rector of Colaton and that gentleman's sister's friend. But speculations concerning them are soon forgotten, for, after a few moments' conversation has passed between Mr. Boltram and the ladies, Barbara turns her face towards the Boar, and almost immediately the trio bend their steps in the direction of the inn. Mr. Travers goes eagerly towards the door, and the girl hastens forward. " Jack talked of sending us home without bringing us to see you, Mr. Travers," she says, extending her hand at once; " but when he said you were able to move about I would not be put off. No introduction is needed. Your name was a household word with us. My brother and my parents had the pleasure of seeing you in dear Bert's life-time. I had not; but I could not keep away now." With easy grace she sends Jack away to " tend his flock," and intro duces Mr,, Travers to Una. For more than an hour the primitive parlour of the village inn is brightened by the presence of the elegant girl and her low-voicad companion, and, before the expiration of that hour, Gus Travers had made up his mind to aim at winning beautiful Barbara Boltram. The doctor,looking in at noon, some what alarms Travors by telling him him that he has just seen the rector, who has beeoon obliged to forego his work of visiting his parishioners and has gone home. " He has an excellent constitution," the doctor observes, "but even that cannot stand the demands he makes upon it. Last night's work wouldn't have tried him much, but he has worked like a horse all the winter. There has been a good deal of sickness and privation. Beltram gives largely and impoverishes himself, and to make matters worse he spends half the night in his study. I am glad that his sister is here. She has a good bit of influence over him, and will stop his goings on, if something worse does not do it, of which I have serious fears." " He promised to call on me to-day. I hope he will not come out on my account ? " Travers says with much concern. " I am going up to the reootory, and will tell him you do not expect him. So the brave captain has gone ? He pulled up at the surgery. He tells me that by the loss of the Grampa he has lost his all, as he was part owner as well as captain. I am glad that through your influence he is likely to got a new appointment." "I was happy to be able to do him a service. He seems to forget that but for him Mr. Beltram and his brave crew would never, have brought me to land." The doctor has not much time for gossip, so, after cautioning his patient against being too venturesome, he bustles away. The monotony of what would otherwise have been a dreary afternoon is broken by the arrival of two reporters-representatives of rival local papers-who "interview " the survivor of the wreck of the Grampa as if he were some natural phe nomenon. Mr. Travers courteously answers all the questions put to him until one of the reporters ask him for his Christian name in full. "I do not think that can signify. I have no wish to make myself conspicu ous," he replies, somewhat haughtily. " Any information I can give you con ceorning the Grampa, her brave cap tain, or her unfortunate crew, is at your service." The interviewers with a brief apology for having given any annoy anoe, eagerly avail themselves of the permission given them. Before leav ing the inn they endeavour to elicit a few facts from the landlady; but she only knows the gentleman as Mr. Travers, and assures her interrogators that he had neither sent nor received telegram or letter. " I heard him tell the doctor that no one would be, anxious about him, so I should think he is a friendless sort of body. Anyone can see he's a gentleman," she adds; and our parson knows him well." But the reporters do not care to push their inquiries in that quarter, and take their departure. On the fol lowing day the simple folk of Colston on- Sea are surprised when one of their number reads a glowing account of the exploits of the Rescue-the life boat-and the bravery of her impro vised crew. "Did 'un think eso should stay at whoam when folks was signalling for help ? " one of that crew asks, in surprise. "What do 'un taake ess for ? " At this moment Dr. Hornet rides up. He had been to the reotory and is the bearer of bad news. Mr. Bel tram is very unwell, and has all the symptoms of a serious illness. The tidings cast a shadow over every face, and many a heartfelt prayer goes up for the rector, who is in truth the friend of his people. The doctor passes on to the inn, where Mr. Travers is anxiously waiting for news. "I promised Boltram that you should go up to the rootory. Are you able to walk so far?" the old man a?ks. "Yes--yes. Poor Boltram I I'm thankful that he saved the captain and his lad. They at any rate could not well be spared, while I----" He pauses, and a soft light comes into his eyes. "Doctor," he says, slowly, scanning the old man's face eagerly. "I want to confide in some one. Will you do me a kindness ?" "Willingly I " the doctor rejoins, for the rootor has spoken so highly of Mr. Travors that the old man is quite ready to do him a servieo. " If you are going up into the village let us walk together. We can talk as we go," Mr. Travers says, taking a cap from a peg. " My appearance isn't quite the thing," he adds, with a smile, "but if I remain here--as I should do should Boltram be ill-I must have some things sent down. This coat and cap are Boltram's." The doctor insists on treating his companion as an invslid, and they go arm in arm together up the quaint looking street. Traveraosnjoys a sense of relief as be feels the wind on his face once more; and, but for his concern on the rector's account, would bo entirely happy in anticipating another meeting with Barbara Bel tram. Slowly the two men ascend the hill, occasionally stopping to say a few words to the villagers, who, in their poouliar style, express their pleasure at seeing the gentleman able to got out, and in that quiet walk the younger confides in the older, and makes arragoments to take up his abode under the roof of the genial doctor, for a few days at least. CHAPTER IV. The middle of the month of May finds Gus Travers still an inmate of the doctor's house, and for the first time for more than a month the young fellow fools a sense of relief, for Mr. Beltram, who has passed the interval -sine the April day on which he succumbed to weakness- in pain and delirium, is at length in a condition which justifies the doctor to speak hopefully. Gus hears the good news through Una, who, white as a ghost, has waited in the passage on which the invalid's room opens, longing, yet dreading, to know if the quiet sleep into which the sick man has sunk means hope and joy or the reverse. The doctor, seeing the girl's anxiety, speaks enoouragiugly as he passes her, and when, ten minutes later, Mr. Boltram speaks faintly but rationally, the kind-hearted old man whispers a few words to Barbara, who at once goes out to speak to her young friend. "Una, the worst is over. The doctor wishes to let Mr. Travers know ; he is in the drawing-room." "Has he spoken ?" Una asks, in a scared whisper. " Yes; quite sensibly. I think now dear that our prayers will be answered ?"_ And with a quick embrace the girls separate ; Barbara hastens back to her brother's room, while Una runs to the drawing-room. " Good news, Mr. Travers," she sayse, breathlessly. Mr. Beltram is awake and sensible." The young man, who had been looking absently from the window, turns suddenly " And the doctor says the worst is over. He sent me to tell you." For a moment Travers' eyes are dim. He has never spent. such an anxious month in all his life, and the good news almost unmans him. Una sees his emotion, and perhaps is thus encouraged to give her own free vent. At any rates she sinks into a chair and sobs convulsively. Travers tries to put her at ease. "Don't do that, Miss Morgan. Ifeel very much like it myself," he says, coming to her side and pouring a glass of wine from a decanter which Sally had, at Betty's instigation, carried into the room on the arrival of. the doctor and Mr. Travors. "Drink this; one gets quite upset, and shaky at times like this." Una does his bidding and smiles through her tears at length. " I am foolish ; but you see we have had so little rest lately, and our nerves aren't quits so strong as usual. Barbara has gone back to her brother's room. She cannot find time to give way yet. It is a relief to do so, I assure you." "I believe you. Ten years ago I should have eased myself by standing on my head," Gus says, with a laugh which is somewhat unsteady. "Now that Beltram is on the road to re covery, you and Miss Beltram must get out more. I shall make Hornet let me wait upon the invalid. Ahl here he comes." Una, with a hasty attempt to con ceal the fact that she has been crying, rises from her seat. The doctor's face is radiant. "He'll pull through with care which isn't likely to be wanting." Fortunately old Betty appears at the door at this moment, and Una has an opportunity to escape to her room. The old woman has not been able to get downstairs for the past ten days. Una need not have been ashamed of her tears. Old Betty's are stream ing down and running off at the end of her nose; but then Betty has known Mr. Bertram all his life, while Una can only claim to be his sister's friend. " Goodness knows how we should have got along without Miss Barbara and Miss Morgan," the housekeeper says, as she wipes her face, "and yet how I was fine and troubled when I knew they'd come. Ah I well, things generally happen for the best. So you really believe, doctor, that my dear master will come round ?" " Of course I ad. Don't I know what famous beef-tea and jellies you can turn out ? Your master took good care to have plenty of strengthening fooeed for everybody who was ill, so you have had plenty of practice. Then there are those dear young ladies, and our friend hero." "I am glad you includo mo," Gus stays, with a smile. "If you are not obliged to leave us yet you will be helpful soon." "I can remain another fortnight. I have arranged to do so," Gus rejoins. "Well, you cannot do duty yet, so will you come with me 2" Travers takes the old man's arm. A strong attachment has sprung up between the two men. They have shared the same anxiety for four long weekls, and have, moreover, seen much of each other and won mutual esteem. Their presence in the villago in each other's company has become quite a common sight, and now, as they pass down the familiar street they are greeted on all sides with inquiries for "theb parson." Travers has become quite popular with the vil aIngers, for they have learnt from Dr. Hornet that the young gentleman is detained in the village by his deep concern on the reootor's account. M[oro over, there ic a whisper going about that Mr. Travors, out of gratitude for his rescue from certain death on that fearful night in April when theGrampa foundered, has promised to place a sum of five pounds for each of the men who helped in that rescue in the hands of Mr. Boltram as soon as that gentleman shall be able to distribute it. There is also another story going about- namely, that some greatnoblc man who has heard of the gallantry of the 0olslonionno hct sent a large aum of money to Dr. Hornet to keep until the rector is able to attend to business, when half of it is to be expended in making the fishermen's homes more comfortable, and the other half to form a fund for the aid of oick and aged people. " You said that you had something to discuss with me," the doctor re marks, when he and Travers have returned to the main road. " Yes; it is about someone to do Beltram's duty for a time-perhaps to assist him permanently. There has boon so much cause for anxiety to Miss Beltram while her brother has been ill, and there has been no one to depend upon, that I took upon myself to write to Northstono on the subject. He engages to send a ourate-some one whom he wishes to befriend-and to pay his salary for at least a year, if agreeable to Mr. Beltram." " The Colstonians have need to be thankful that you chanced to be on board that unfortunate vessel," the doctor says, with much warmth. "But can it be managed? Where can the curate live ?" " We will call at Honeyeroft's; he is one of the churchwardens, and will do anything he can to help us. Oh I I'll warrant we can manage the matter without bothl!ering poor Beltram I" " Very well. The gentleman whom Lord Northstone will send in a stranger to me, but I have heard of him before. Hie name is Binnie, and he is so handsome that he is known among his chums as ' Bonnie Binnie.' He is not particularly eloquent, so I understand, but a zealous worker. I do not know that he is exactly the man for Colston," Gus says. "I should say he is," the doctor replies ; " eloquence does not signify much here. We want men who will not confine their efforts to the pulpit and the seventh part of the week. As to his personal advantages," he con tinues, with a laugh, " they will not be likely to do much havoc here ; for, with the exception of Miss Beltram and her friend, there are no young ladies in the parish." The old man casts a sly glance at his companion, and he is secretly gratified at the colour of that young gentleman's face. " Our rector's sister is a lovely girl. I hope she will not throw herself away upon anybody," he remarks, soberly. " Girls are often won by attractive follows," Gus says, disconsolately; " and Binnie has nothing but his salary." " I'll wager he doesn't win Misse Barbara," the doctor laughs. " She has too much sense to be taken by a handsome face." " But her brother encourages her to despise wealth." " No - no," the doctor rejoins, gravely. " Beltram told me himself that he should not care to see his sister wedded to a poor man, although he was sincerely glad that she had not been induced by her fashionable cousin to aim at winning a rich husband. For all we know Mise Barbara may have decided in her own mind who is to have the honour of her hand. At any rate, I think we must not refuse to accept Lord Northstone's kind offer of help to her brother because it comes in the form of a handsome man." " Of course not." And althoiigh Guy secretly wishes that anyone but Bonnie Binnie had been selected for the office he says no more on the subject. Mr. Honeyoroft, a good-natured, well-to-do man, readily offers to accommodate Mr. Binnie with a bed room and the comforts of his home- by no means despicable, as the doctor knows-until Mr. Beltram shall be able to arrange matters to suit bin self. Later in the day when Guas calls at the rectory again, Barbara Beltram comes down to speak to him. "The doctor has been telling me all that you are doing for us and the parish," she says, extending her hand with a slight flush. " Not I, dear Miss Beltram. I am not very wealthy,". Gun says. "Your friend then; it is all the same. But for you how would Lord Northstono know of our wants ? He is interested in you, it seems." " We knew each other when we were lads. Northstone had no ex pectation of being rich then. He is very generous to me." "So it seems. Convey my brother's grateful thanks to him. Oh I Mr. Travers, how good it is to feel that we may hope that dear Jack will soon grow strong again." "To me the knowledge gives a peace I have not felt for weeks. It seemed to me that his life was being sacrificed for mine. I felt like a thief hero, and dreaded every day to hear that through the effects of that awful night you and all Colston would regard me with dis like." "Hush I" Barbara says, softly. "Anxiety has made you morbid. Jack is very dear to me, but even now, were that night's experience to come again, knowing what I do, I wohld not have him act differently." "Her beautiful eyes, filled with tears, are raised to his face. " Thank you," he says softly. " Is there any way in which I can serve you now 2" "Yes; I will trouble you to go to the post-office to send a telegram. I hlave received a letter from a cousin to whom I owe much, but from whom I am unhappily estranged just now, asking me to some to her. She is very unwell and has claims upon me, but my duty is here at present, Have you a pencil ? May I trouble you to write the message ? Then she diotatos Am nursing iny brother. cWhen I enlouave him will come to you. Letter to follow. " The address ?" Gus asks. "Lady Hollacombo, Grafton House, Lymeton," Barbara says, slowly. " That is strange," Gus remarks, looking up in surprise. " What ?" And Barbara looks puzzled. "Northstono wrote from the same address yesterday." "Her ladyship generally has a house full of people," Barbara rejoins. And the suspicion that has for an instant dawned on the mind of Gus is at once dispelled. (To Or contslissd.) 