HER HUSBAND'S SECRET, 'I had left the carriage and was sitting on a bench in Kensington Gardens when a lady and a little boy came up and sat down too. They were nice people-mother and child, I fancy-but the moment the boy saw me he ran up to me and said I was the pretty lady his papa showed him a long while ago.' ' He must have mistaken you for someone else, Rosamond.' 'I suppose so. The lady apologised and said he had taken a great fancy to a photo graph, and always called it his 'pretty lady.' Poor little fellow, he looked so disappointed when I told him he had made a mistake, for I did not know his papa.' SWhat did he say ?' ' That perhaps papa knew me. Nothing would convince him. He was such a pretty little boy, Hugh. Seven years old, I should think.' ' What a child-fancier you are, Rose.' ' I did so wish I had asked him where he lived. He was such a darling child. I could have sent him one of my photographs. Don't laugh, Hugh.' 'I can't help it, Rosamond. You who have the flattery of half London, yet seem to find more charm in a child's calling you pretty lady.' He did not speak again until they reached home. He leaned back in his corner of the carriage so that she might not see the emotion on his face. He knew as well as if. he had been at bet side that her childish admirer was his own son-his lawful heir. ' I must go to Spartan-street to-morrow and tell Mrs. Clive I don't like Bertie to go into the parks or anywhere where he is likely to meet people; and yet I can't do that. What would she think ? I suppose things must take their course.' 'I sometimes think,' he mused wearily, 'I have made a great mistake. My wife is so good and noble I might have told her all. She would have pitied me and been tender with the boy. Ah, well, it is too late now.' The days passed on. Sir Reginald Dane became a frequent visitor at Lord Fairleigh's house. . He seemed to have laid himself out to gain the earl's friendship. Hugh, by nature reserved, was a little surprised by the manner of'his new acquaintance, but he put it down to anxiety to make amends for the slight once dealt out to his wife, and he responded to the baronet's advances until these two were close companions. They might often might often have been seen sitting together in the club or walking arm in arm down the Mall. Rosamond hated this companionship. Her love for Reginald was the thing of the past, but she worshipped Hugh with her whole heart. She never could bear to see him by the baronet's side; she had a keen, subtle instinct harm would come of their intimacy. She herself avoided Sir Reginald as much as a woman can without acknowledged cause .avoid a man who moves in the same set with herself, and is her husband's friend. For some time she was successfiul in avoiding a tete-a-tete, but at last there came an unlucky evening when Hugh had promised to take her to hear some favourite singer, and for the first time in his life failed to fulfil, his pledge to her. Rosamond always looked back to that day is an epoch in her life. It was in July, and they were sitting over a late breakfast when a telegram was brought in for the earl. He read it through hurriedly, crushed it in his hand, and turned to his wife. ' Rosamond, I am obliged to go down to the Manor Court to-day. I hope I shall be back in time for the opera.' 'Must you go to.day, Hugh ?' a little pettishly. : Remember he liad thoroughly spoilt her, or done his best to. In all their wedded life he had never crossed her will. ' I'm afraid I must,' 'You know we were to lunch at Lady Carsdale's, and you were going to drive me to. Richmond. '.You must make my apologies to Lady Carsdale, and Richmond will have to wait for another day.' Rosamand pouted. 'How dreadfully dull I shall be.' 'Nonsense, dear. You've heaps of things to amuse you. Go and have a farewell peep at the Academy, or there's a concert on at St. James's Hall, I think.' Lady Fairleigh shook her head. 'Take me with you, Hugh. I shouldn't interfere with your business a bit. I've never seen the Court. I could go rambling all about while you saw the steward. I suppose that's what Syu're going for-oh, yes, Hugh, you must take me.' ' 'I can't, dear,', with a little sigh, whose weariness she did not'notice. His one hope. was that years might pass before he tookc his wife to the Court. The idea of his letting her ramble about there alone with its 'present .inmate was' impos sible. s Hugh,' looking at him with her clear eyes, ! why don't you want to take me ?' ' I do want to take you some day, dear, : only :it must be when all is arranged to 're ceive you properly, as becomes the Countess of Fairleigh. I can't have my wife creeping in unexpectedly like a little ghost;' • Do you know, Hugh, I have thought oncd or twice you really wanted to keep me away from Fairleigh.' ' Nonsense, child. You shouldn't get such thoughts into your head.' ' I don't' get them-they come.' ' What brings them, wife ?' Rosamond raised her clear eyes to his face'and'put one handin his. 'When I was ill abroad, Hugh, don't yout remember I asked you to take me home to Fairleigh ?' £ Yes, dear;: but it is a little country Svillage, arid I could not trust my wife where Sthere is no good medical advice.' ' And once or twice this summer, Hugh, I've asked you to take me down for the day, and you've always refused.' 'You are not fit for so much fatigue.' 'When I dance half the night, Hugh. You are inconsistent.' ' Am I? I will own to being over anxious where my wife is concerned.' 'And you won't take me to-day, Hugh ?' ' 1 cin't, dear.' 'Well, you'llbcome back early. I wouldn't miss Patti for anything, and its her last night this season. You'll make the steward get his business over soon and come back to dinner.' 'You'd better not wait for dinner, Rose. I'll be home at half-past seven, in time to take you to'the opera.' 'And .next time'you go you are to take me witlh you,.don't forget that, Hugh.' Shestood at the window to see him get into his' cab gond drive away. The earl carried; with him the picturb of the girl countess, in her white morning dress and blue ribbons; waving her hand to him with a loving smile. That mobrning was nearly the last of their ihalcyo days. 'From then a tiny cloud seemed to spring up between them, almost imperceptible at first, but growing larger day by day, u'itil at last it bid fair to blight their lives. Poor Hugh I he needed no trouble in his home, he had enough on other sides. The telegram that was hurrying him down to Fair leigh had come from the faithful housekeeper, Martha Ward, to the Earl of Fairleigh ' L. F. very ill. Please come at once.' He had never been to the Court since his marriage; he had never looked on the beautiful features of Bianca Vane since he had given her title to another; he knew that the poor young creature was well cared for. Susan Green and her sister were devoted attendants, and the old village doctor, who had attended three generations of the family, had been let into the secret of the Laurel Walk and added his care to theirs. As the train bore him swiftly onwards Hugh, Earl of Fairleigh, had. but one wish and hope; selfish, cruel, and wicked though it seemed, it yet was natural-he hoped he might find Bianca gone to her rest. The carriage had been sent to meet him; the footman and coachman with it both looked pleased to see their master, and asked respectfully after the mistress they had never seen. Hugh felt a little pang. Rosamond was right; he had tried to keep her from the Court at all risks. He saw in his servants' faces they had expected to see her with him now and were disappointed. Lord Fairleigh went to the blue parlour and held a private consultation with Mrs. Ward : the good woman greeted him with mingled congratulations on his wedding and lamentations over the death of the little heir. Hugh put his hand to his head wearily. ' Thanks, Martha,' he said, kindly, but as though be wished to change the subject. 'Now, tell me everything-how is the countess ?' He shuddered a little as he spoke, he was so used to apply the title to Rosamond. ' She has taken a turn for the better, my lord. Dr. Gray hopes he can pull her round again.' ' And does anyone suspect about it.' 'Oh, dear no,' returned Mrs. Ward, with great complacency. ' I've been wearing my arm in a sling the last ten days, and the servants think Dr. Gray comes to see to that. I fancy they think I make a great fuss about it,' with a broad smile. ' Andsyou are sure they suspect nothing ?' 'Positive, my lord, Once or twice when Lady Fairleigh has been taking a walk in the grounds, one or two have fancied they saw someone, but the others all laughed and said it must be the ghost, for there was no one else to see.' ' Has Gray been to- day ?' 'We expect him every moment, my lord.' 'And what has been the matter ?'. 'Sbe was very violent last week,'"my loid; for days together she wasn't calm half-an hour; she almost wore herself out.. The doctor says nothing but sleep can save her; he's tried almost all sorts of opium.' 'I had better see her,' rising, with marked and visible reluctance. 'I must go back by the afternoon train.' ' Mrs Ward led the way: both were per fectly familiar with it. Hugh sighed as he opened the last door and stood in the secret rooms. Mrs. Ward did not accompany him further; she was devoted to her master, but she never stayed in these rooms if she could help it-they gave her such an uncanny feeling. 'Passing by'Susan Green with a kindly nod, Lord Fairleigh pushed aside the curtain, and entered the inner room. There,' pacing up and down like some wild beast caged in .a narrow den, her swart hair falling on her shoulders, her eyes burning with excitement, her cheeks hollow from want of rest, walked Bianca, Lady Fairleigh. She stopped in the middle of her impatient tramp and saw the earl. With a wild, eager cry of recognition, she rushed to him, flung her two arms round his neck and clung to him as one who had found her refuge. ' Hugh, you were always good to me, send Susan Green awvay, I'm so tired, I want to go to sleep and she won't let me.' S'You are mistaken. Bianca,' speaking gently as though to a sick child, and trying vainly to loose the arms that clung about him. !Susan Green wants you to go to sleep-wse all want it.' 'But she watches me'so; I think, do you know, she's going a little wrong here,' and the countess tapped; her own forehead suggestively'. ' Perhaps she' is, I never thought of that,' confessed Hugh, in a soothing tone. 'I am sure of it.' ' And how do you like the Court, Bianca? It's very small,'.. Is it ?' thinking of its noble 'proportions:; 'Yes; but there's .a grand house near-I got away.from 'Susan one day and.ran on and on till I came to it; it was so:large and full of lovely things, but Susan caught me and brought me back. Lord Fairleigh looked questioningly at Susan, who was quiclkto read his glance. 'Sir,' she said, nervously, ' that is, niy lord, she's that cunning there's no being even with her. One day she got away, and ran into the drawing-room.' ' It might have been worse-if no oine saiv her, that is.' 'No one saw her, but she done a'sight .of mischief. You kcnow that pictuie of the mistress, my lord, that you sent home to hang in tbe drawing- room ?' ' Yes' I wished all tlie household to see and Itnow their' mistress.' . 'Ab, and a.sweet face itis too, my lord Well, the picture' was not huog.up then but restingon one of the sofas waiting till some one camnie over from the town to doit.. We. found her,' pointing to B3ianca, 'standing. before the picture with the tongs in- her hand; she struck it once and took the gilt off the frame, .and she was just ready to send the tongs right across my lady's face wheti I caught her.' Hugh was not a superstitious man, but yet his blood crept as he listened; even if Rosa mond's picture had been utterly spoilt Bianca would have been powerless to harm the original, nevertheless he shivered. Bianca caught up the last words. 'I hate her,' she hissed. 'She has an English face, and you told me long ago that you preferred English women. You love her, and when you stay away from me you go to her.' Her eyes burned like fire, there was a large red spot on each of her cheeks. 'fBianca,' said Hugh, imploringly, 'be calm, don't excite yourself, I am with you.' 'Will you stay ?' 'A little while.' 'You will sit down close beside me and let me go to sleep ?' He sat down on a low chair by the sofa. Bianca took his hand and clasped it so tightly that it caused him positive pain. \- Good-night, I'm going to sleep. Susan Green, if you'd like to run away, l'd quite forgive you.' Ten minutes afterwards she was in a healthy natural sleep. ' What am I to do ?' asked Lord Fairleigh of the doctor, when be made his appearance. ' I must go back to town.' 'It will be death to my patient if you do. You have done more for her than any medicine already; stay and complete your cure.' 'My wife will be waiting for me, doctor; I have promised to take her to the opera.' 'She's not the lady I should fancy from her picture, if she'd grudge giving up the opera for a poor sick creature like this.' 'She knows nothing of Bianca.' 'I suppose you know your own business best, my lord. I think it unwise--' ' Tell me your opinion of your patient.' 'I think she will weather this attack'; without sleep she must have succumbed; sleep is saving her.' 'And you mean I must not leave her to return home to- night ?' ' To-night, when she has had several hours of refreshing sleep, you can go, but to leave now would be simply brutality ! Her hand holds yours; (if you were to break that em brace we should have one of her worst paroxysms.' Lord Fairleigh thought a little. 'I suppose I must stay. I can go up by the last train. I must telegraph to Rosa mond of course.' But before he did so he ran through the list of their acquaintance to see if there was no one to whom he could delegate the care of escorting his wife. Suddenly he thought of Sir Reginald Dane. Of course he'd take her; he's the best natured fellow I know; stands all Rosa mond's snubbing like a martyr. Besides they were brother and sister, of course, when she lived with the Desmond's. Yes, that will do.' Hle dictated a message to his friend saying he was detained by unavoidable business, and begging him if disengaged to escort Lady Fairleigh to the opera. The doctor undertook to convey it to the telegraph office, and then he went away, leaving Hugh to the task of helping to detain the poor troubled spirit who was such a drop of bit terness in his cup of happiness. Often in the dark aftertime that, followed he wished he had acted on his own impulse, and hurried home to keep his promise to Rosamond. Nothing but humanity kept him where he was. CHAPTER XVI, That day seemed unusually long to Rosa mond Lady Fairleigh. Like many other ladies of fashion she was in the habit of planning out her days, and if anything hap pened to interfere with her arrangements. she was not quick at redistributing her time. She wrote her husband's excuses and her own to Lady Carsdale; she told the foot man she should not requite her carriage till the evening, and then she spent the day quietly at home, wondering what strange objection her husband could have to taking her to his old ancestral home. Punctually at halt-past seven she came down to the drawing-room dressed for -the opera. She had spent longer than usual over her toilette, and she looked a creature fit to take hearts by storm. An evening dress of the palest blue, trim med with wild roses; the same flowers in her brown hair; one single row of pearls round her fair throat ; a soft white fur cloak ready to throw on. She had been waiting about five minutes when'the door opened and the footman announced Sir Reginald Dane. .'You are surprised to see me,' said Rex, coming forward with-effusion. 'I have just received a telegram from the earl ; he is un expectedly detained, and has done methe honour to allow me to escort you to the opera in his stead.' He gave her the telegram for her to read, for he knew she would doubt him. Rosa mond understood at once that rather than disappoint her, her husband had provided another escort. She could not refuse to accompany him, because to do. so would involve endless explanations. 'I wish Hugh had not troubled you,' she exclaimed. 'I could very well have stayed at home.' ' I am only too pleased to escort you.' He took up her opera cloak and wrapped her in it. He found her fan and gloves. She shuddered a little as she took -his offered arm. 'Do not shrink from me- like that,' he cried, passionately. '.Lady Fairleigh, do not treat me like the dirt beneath your feet.' ' I did not mean to,' answered Rosamond, firmly; 'only I wish you would understand me. I do not think you and I can ever be friends.' ' I mean to make: the attempt.' He led her downstairs, placed her in the carriage, stepped in after her, and they were fairly off.' All through the drive he never said a word that could offend or startle her. He acted his part to -perfection; he was simply her husband's friend. ' Fairleigh Court is a lovely estate,' he said, at last. I suppose you will be going down to it soon, now.' 'I am not sure.' 'Fairleigh used to- bhe devoted to the Court, and it really is a beautiful place. I have never seen it.'. ' Have you not?' in surprise. 'Then you have a treat in store. The grounds are the show of the place. Whenever we had visitors at Allerton in the olden times my mother, who was intimate with the reigning countess, used to take them over to Fairleigh to see the winter garderi.' ' What :is that ?' .' A garden about a mile in extent com pletely covered with grass. There is ;a promenade down the centre, with seats on eich side, iand there are fountains and singing birds in their cadges. I assure you the Sinter garden is one of the lions ofFair leigh.' - . ' You make me wish to go there more than ever.' -. . - - '" ':I hope wheni you are at Fairleigh I may have the pleasure of welcoming you arid the earl tb Allerton.' . -i . It was straisge to hear him speak of his honie;: In their last' conversation he had askedhei to be its mistress, now he invited her husband as a guest within its walls. 'Allerton joins the Court, does it not?' ' 'Not precisely, but it isnear it. I have been very little at Allerton lately.' ' And Hugh has been very little at Fair leigh. I think this is his first visit since I knew him.' 'I am surprised to liear that. When no steward is kept there is generally so much for the master's eye.' 'But Hugh has a steward. He went down to see himt to-day.' Rex shook his head.' 'Indeed, I think you are mistaken, Lady Fairleigb. There never has been a steward ou the estate. Every tenant prides himself in dealing with the earl direct.' 'But there must be a steward,' said Rosa mond, a little pettishly, 'or Hugh would not have to go and see him.' Sir Reginald yielded the point gracefully. He had suggested the doubt of her hus band's truth. IHe would leave the poison to work its own way into her brain. SThere is one thing you boast,' hie said, laughing, 'which we have not-a real, visible ghost.' 'Nonsense I' 'Sober truth. There is a lady who keeps the affairs of the Vanes under her special protection. She appeared last month, after an absence of a hundred years.' 'And what did she do?' iheredulously. 'Walked about I believe.' 'Rubbish. I beg your pardon, Sir Regi nald, but I quite decline to believe such a thing.' ' And yet you used to be superstitious.' She froze at that as she always froze at any reference to the past, and, indeed no reply was needed, for she had arrived at the Opera House. Five minutes more, and Rosamond was in her box, listening to the familiar strains of Il Barbiere. Many eyes were turned on them, for they were a handsome couple, and a few strangers, quite out of Belgravia's circles, declared they were lovers. Reginald felt almost beside himself. Here alone with Rosamond he could forget those years of separation. If only he kept silent he might go back in fancy to the time when she was his and his alone. He proved himself a very agreeable companion; even Rosamond, plthough she never felt at ease with him, confessed that he was as amusing and fascinating as ever. 'The earl lost a treat,' lhe said, simply, as they were waiting for the carriage. ' I never heard Patti in better voice,' 'Nor I. I have enjoyed it very much,' 'Have you?' in a dangerously low and tender voice. ' I'am so glad.' Rosamond saw her mistake. 'Lady Fairleigh will you pass a sponge over our first acquaintance and begin a new one, in which you forgive and forget the past, and think of me as your husband's friend ?' ' Yes,' says Rosamond, softly, ' I will.' I daresay we shall find the earl at home. It is not such a very long journey from Fairleigh and he could not attend to busi ness after six, I should say.' ' Sir Reginald, how is Lady Desmond ?' 'She is very well. Shetsnd Alick are not in town this season. I wrote to tell her of my meeting with you,' and-everything,' finishing rather lamely. ' Yes,' repeated Rosamond, 'everything ?' 'And she commissioned me to give you her love if ever I should be privileged enough to be allowed to.' 'I always loved Georgie,' 'And she loved you.' ' I ofteri think she and the marquis are the most perfectly happy couple I ever met.' ' Yes,' quietly, 'and their favourite home is the Towers. The poor people worship, my sister.' It occurred to young Lady'Fairleigh that it was very hard her husband did not make his favourite home at her country seat, and give the poor people there a chance of wor shipping her. This was just what Rex 'had meant to happen. They'had reached her husband's mansion now. Sir Reginald held her.hand a minute longer that ihe need have done, but he made no attempt to follow her in. He stood on the steps while she entered; then raised ,fis hat and disappeared. ' Has the earl returned, Hawkins ?' Hawkins was the hall porter. 'Not yet, my lady.' A strange sense of ill attacked Rosamond. It was not far short of twelve o'clock. What could be detaining Hugh ? She went upstairs to her dressing.room, threw off her wraps, and then went back to.the drawing-rooni. Come what might, she had resolved .not- to go to bed until her husband returned. She was very, very tired; the day had been a wear-some one to her; the long tete a-tete with Sir Reginald had tried her, and now. this uneasiness about her husband seemed more than she could bear. She stretched herself on the sofa, laid her hahd herchief saturated with eau de cologne upon her aching' brow, and waited with as much patience as she could muster for the weltb known step. Her heart seemned sick with longing. There was a feverish eagerness about her which made her start at the slightest sound. It seemed to the young countess that all the neighbourhood must be abroad and return ing at this time. The cabs that passed, the flies, the pedestrians were past her calcula tions.' Each moment her hopes were raised only to be destroyed; SAt last, when the clocks lhad chimed one, she heard the long-for sound, the firm, erect step; then his voice speaking to the porter. A minute more and he was with his-wife. . 'You should not have sat up, darling,' kissing her, 'Well, .did you go to the opera ?' 'Yes, and it was so good. Hugh, you look tired.' ' Remember the hour, lIttle lady. : I must expect to look tired coming off a journey at this time.' 'What have you been doing all day, Hugh? . 'Business, dear. The estate has got into great disorder through my cousin's long absence and my recent one.'' 'Did' you tell them all bow I wanted to come ?' 'I told the housekeeper. She is' very anxious to sec her new mistress.' ' And when will you take me, Hugh ?' 'Shall you have to go down on business again soon, Hugh ?' 'I'm afraid so. ' It would be much' better if we gave up the idea' of going down to Aston this autumn, and went to the Court instead.' 'I don't think so.' ' You must be very dull, Hugh, when yous go there all alone. Don't you miss me very much? Now if. I were there it wouldn't matter hdw, much business cropped up,' for you would have'me there just the same.',:" The earl took his wife in his-. arms add kissed her fondly. :: 'So that'I,"have you, Rosamond; I care but little what elsehappens.': ' 'Don't despond, dear. .No trouble can touch us- while we are together. We have only each other., to cling nos thinking sadly of the little child: HeaenIi haddalent to her for:so short 'a time. ,: : :.. .. ; "* Only oourselves; 'I echoed her: husband. 'IRosamond,: do yo ii:mean to sit up "all night ?i' He took out his handkerclief, and in so doing, dropped a knot of rose-coloured ribbon; be passed on upstairs, and his wife, stooping, picked up the trifle. It had pro bably formed the trimming of some woman's dress. Lady Fairleigh started. Her husband had been away on business. He had pro bably spent the whole day closetted with his steward. Where did he become possessed of the pink ribbons. She was sure they were not hers. Rosamond was not a sus picious nature, but poison had been dropped into her ears that night. She made a fatal muistake; she dropped the fatal bow into her pocket and said nothing about it to her husband. CHAPTER XVII. THE season was waning. People said it had been an unusually brilliant one, but of this we reck little. It had certainly beets strangely fateful to our heroine, for it bad brought her face to face with her old love, had changed Sir Reginald Dane into her husband's close companion, and, alas I had sown the first seeds of discord between her self and Hugh. The Lady Fairleigh was not a supersti tious woman; she was by nature open, candid, loyal, and true. It would never have entered her hIead to doubt her husband, never have occurred to her to spy into his actions, but she hIad been cruelly deceived once, and it may be this rendered her pecu liarly quick to read the conduct of one she wildly loved. Rosamond knew perfectly that there was a secret between herself and her husband, she knew that Lord Fairleigh himself had confessed as much, but the girl-wife had always imagined it to be something con nected with rank or money, not with their home life and domestic ties. The first eighteen months of her married life had been rarely happy. If there had been a secret neither had touched on it; both were contented to let it rest. But, with Reginald's insinuations ringing in her cars, she was forced to see the truth. A mystery lay upon the earl's home which she could not share. I-Ie neglected her to spend a day at at the Court with his steward discussing business; she heard incidentally he had no steward, and be came home with a woman's ornament in his pocket. From that night Rosamond was an un happy woman, The sunshine died from her smile, the merriment from her laugh. She filled her place in society still, was even ready with gay jest or bright repartee, but her husband's eyes were quick enough to see that her spirits were unequal and her gaiety often forced. He watched her anxiously. No one else suspected anything. Lady Fairleigh was the most charming woman in London; if- she did not hang on her hus band's words or seek his society as often at she once had done, surely that was nothing. Thehoneymoon was over, that was all, But the man who, against every dictate of prudence, had married her simply because he loved her as his very life, did not judge as others. He grew alarmed at his wifes varying' colour, at'the feverish sparkle of her eye; and he sent for one of - the most fashionable physicians of the day. ' I am not ill,' said.Lady Fairleigh, when the great man was introduced to her. 'There is nothing the matter with me, doctor. I cannot think what made Lord Fairleigh send for you.' " The wise man replied carelessly : 'No doubt he is anxious, possessing such a treasure.' And the young countess turned away her face at the speech, and made the shortest and stiffest answers to his n'medical questions, but chancing to be clever as well as fashionable, the physician did not consider Lord Fairleigh had been at all over anxious. 'The countess is suffering from nervous exhaustion, combined with excessive excitement. -This London life is the worst possible for her. You must take her away at once.' - `:Lord Fairleigh desired nothingbetter. SWe will go to Italy,' he returned, promptly. 'Before - our marriage I was warned my wife was too delicate to stand the English climate, but Ilhad hoped: she was stronger.' 'My dear Lord Fairleigh, you quite mis understand me. It is not the -English cli mate I object to for my patient, simply the life of excitement she now leads. Take her down to some pleasant country place, and let her have plenty of fresh air and rest. That is all-Lady.Fairleigh requires to make her as strong as nine-tenths of her associates.' ' I would rather go abroad,' shortly. 'Remember it is against my advice,' remonstrated the man of physic. 'I pre= scribe positive quiet, without exertion of any kind. It would be far more beneficial than any travelling.'. - Lord Fairleigh went back to his wife with a troubled face. ' She caught its expression and looked -grave. 'Am I very ill, Hugh ?'. ' No, -only we must be careful of you, Rosamond,- my darling. " I must: have beenr blind to let you excite yourself as you have been doing lately. -Dr. Gibbons -says it has quite worn you out, and yet I never thought we were so very gay.' His evident anxiety, the: thought of what had really excited her and worn her out, a remembrance of her last illness-all these touched Rosamond. She forgot Sir Regi nald's insinuations, she-forgot 'the little cloud that had crept -up between her and her hus band. . ' You would-be-sorry to lose me, Hugh?' 't My darling,' he said, huskily, ' don't talk of that. I cannot lose you. I could not live without you. But the case, is not so desperate, Rosamond. Rest and quiet-will soon restore you; he said so.' 'And we shall go away from London ? I don't think"London suits me, Hugh.' \- Why didn't you tell me before ? I would have taken you away at once. Rosamond, my darling, are you keeping- anything back; do you feel really ill?' ' No,' with a -smile that had. all her old sweetness, and yet with a strange touch of sadness, too, which pained him to the very heart. ' I ami only tired, Hugh.' - - 'Where, shall we go, Rosamond? France, Germany? - I don't think you are strong enough for. Switzerland.' His-wife clung to him with a little gasping cry. .. 'Take me home, -Huglh. Take me to Fairleigh. I shall get-well there quickest.'; And she believed, so firmly. - It seemed to Rosamond ,that ,if-.sheecoduld only see: the place which' haunted her imagination, if she could ''only'' solve for herself the aching doubts that had been instilled into her iaind, she should- get better. If only they were filse, happiness was hers still, and even if trua;,once knowing.the worst, she" hould be stronger to bear ar.nd suffer it. ' SWhen his wife- threw herself into his arms with that, sobbing cryia great conflict raged in the earl's heart. What.was he to do? What excuse could" he.miake to keep ;his darling far removed from the ewoman who called herself Countess of Fhirleigh? --It ivould have been s'imileit 'ihd easiestt tohiive told the truth, but Hugh feared its effkct bn Rosamond - - 'What.makes you wanit to go tb Fairleigla, Rosaminond? ie 'asked h'eir, at la~it; 'in-, a strange, hoarse vpice.; --,'My. dear one,: it would be a dull cage for omy beautiful bird.'" ' But it is your home, ,Hugh. .-You. rave duties there. -You'rethere sometimes, and I cannot picture to myself where you are. I long to see the place which '-oh, "how heir voice quivered now-might have been my boy's. , Hugh; if ybnt love me, take me to Fairleigh.' -. ?- - 'If I loved, you less,' came unguardedly from him int his perplexity, ' I would take you there to-morrow.' 'Hugh,'' with an agony in her voice, 'Hugh, why do you shut me out of your home ? Is it, dear, you think me unworthy ?' ' You are the faiirest lady who ever reigned at the Court, Rosamond; I cannot refuse you; w.e will go down to Fairleigli' next. Monday.'- . 'Hugh,' her hand was on his arm again, 'you cannot think how happy you have made me.' 'And when the Queen of Belgravia fliads life decidedly dull in a little village with no one to call upon her and none to talk to, I hope she won't visit the blanie on my shoulders.' 'I shan't blame anyone, Hugh; I am not the butterfly you think me,' To her surprise be kissed her passionately. Then hie said, in a strangely earnest voice: S?My darling, I never thought you one; I know you are asi good and noble as you are fair, Only, Rosamond, if you ever regret your visit to Fairlcigh Court, remember, my wile, going there was your wish, not ine. I would willingly have kept you away from it for ever.' Rosamond rose her sweet face inquiringly to his. ' And you think I shall regret it?' ' I fear so ;' and then before she knew his intention he had left the room. Rosamond was delighted she had gained her end. Whatever secret had arisen between her and Hugh, she believed she should discover it at Fairleigh Court, and at least she should have her answer for Sir. Reginald's insinuations. That very night she met him at a ball, and as usual his name was inscribed on her programme for more than one dance. ' We are going to the Court on Monday,' said Lady Fairleigh, with assumed careless ness, as they were promenadinrg after a galop. 'I am tired of London, and Lord Fairleigh is not fond of the seaside, so we are both going for a long time to Blankshire to see if rest and quiet will set us up.' Sir Reginald looked at her intently. ' I trust there is no real cause for alarm.' 'No; my husband is over-anxious, so he is hurrying me away. I don't think myself I am quite fitted for a London life.' She always used Lord Fairleigh's name in her conversation with the baronet. By every means in her power she tried.to show him she tolerate d him 'only as an acquaint ance. He owed his intimate footing to' her husband's goodwill, not hers. ; Sir Reginald writhed at the continual mention of his rival's name, but he concealed his annoyance well. His one aim was to separate Rosamond and her husband. To accomplish this he would bear everything. 'Still, I am surprised that Lord Fairleigh is taking you to the Court.' 'And why?' asked Rosamond, her clear eyes meeting his gaze without flinching. 'Pray, did you think the earl ashamed of his wife or his home that you imagined lie would riot make them known to each other ?' 'You always misunderstand me,' biting his lips. -The young countess shrugged her shoulders as gracefully as though she. be longed to the other side of the channel. 'Possibly. I really have not given much time to the problem.' 'Lady Fairletgh,' with genuine indigna tion, ' what have I done that you should treat me thus?' 'Nothing,' returned Rosamond, with ini mitable calm. 'Our acquaintance dates from this summer, Sir Reginald, and you have been Lord Fairleigh's. friend ever since.' o His friend !' cried the master of Allerton, forgetting everytbing in the worldl-friend ship, honour, loyalty, remembering only that she was beautiful and had loved him' once. ' Do you think I could ever be the friend of the man who robbed me of you? I hate him; I loathe him; I despise him in that having won such a love as yours, he does not know how to prize it better.'. 'Silence !' she said, sternly. 'You have tried to make me distrust him before, but my eyes are opehed now. While I live I shall believe in my husband.' ' Indeed I' ironically. ' You will be a rare model of conjugal faithl, for I fancy your trust will be. pretty severely tried if all ac counts are true; the earl has had good reasons 'for keeping his wife away fromin Fair leigh Court.'. "' Sir Reginald,' said Rosamond, coldly, ' henceforth, if you please, we are strangers. I cannot-will not listen. to such things as these.' ' You cannot flee me if you would,' he re joined,' bitterly; ' you have the will but not the power. Wliile we both movye in society our meeting is inevitable. You can hardly tell your sister hostesses that you object to me because I am' not devoted to your husband. And having once accepted the position of receiving me on a friendly footing you cannot carry your story to the Earl of Fairleigh.' Rosamond locked her two isands ner vously together. She saw now the cruel mistake she -had made; she was in a measure in this man's power. ' 'I wish I had told him,' she moanted. ' If I had only trusted him at first he could not have been. angry with me.' No thought of telling him' now came to to'her. Love is very quick, and Rosamond understood her -husband's character thoroughly. If she had _been afraid weeks ago to go to him and say: ' This is the man who deserted me because I was poor,' she could not go to him now, when that man had' become his own honoured guest, his constant 'companion, his respected friend. There were no great preparations to make before leaving town. The day after he had consented to take his wife to the Court, Lord Fairleigh came into 'Rosamond's boudoir. ' Don't you think you shall be rather dull down at Blankshire, dear? Wouldn't you like to invite a'friend to go with you ?' 'Her eyes sought his with .a questioning eagerness. 'You are coming, aren't you, Hugh ?' He fairly laughed at'that; he could laugh still, in spite of perplexities she knew nothing 'of. 'Certainly.- You don't?imagine I art going to let my wife bury lieirself, alone in a dull old country house. I ame coming too to assist at the interment.' .. .:: - ... ..... ' Then Ihvant no one else, dear. ':- He put his arm round her.in'd lissed her passionately. IThere were timessthis was one --when, in spite of the pink bow, 'Rosa. mond could' not doubt that she posseised his whole heart. Outsiders always said liis manner- was absurd- almost two years !nmarried and a lover still.? S'I hiad thoughtr; Rosamond, you might like to ask the Grativilles; .You 'see so little' of them, and Mrs. Granville would be a good companion for you while I am out.' 'Are you goingto be out much?' with d jealous pain itn her voice. ' I am never willingly away from 'you,. Rosamond, only I have not been to Fair leigh to stay for some time; there maybe many.demands on my leisure.' :,V Well, I will wait patiently and putup ivith the crumbs. I don't care to ask the Granvilles. I' love them both dearly; biut they are so very good and proper; and, oh; Hugbh, I'm not at all good. I cari't feel resignied' and thankful for my sorrosv.' 'He kInew then she was thinking of thei littlegrave which held allthat 'rem'a`ihed of her first-born, . :....: 'The children might have eased your heart, dear; they were very fond of you.' I couldn't' jear it now,' decildesdRosa. mend. "' Oli; Hlgh, do you think 'I should miss my'owvn darlihig 'the less because other children' l'Tl'ghed hnd played 'iri thse home that was truly' his?' ' ' :'.Do you think it wise tohbe always think. irg of the pa'st?' he asked, a little reproach fully. ' Darling;, you have me left;" cannot I comfort you for our child ?' 'Yes II am not really discontented, Hugh; bear with me alittle, dear. But he was so harmless, so innocent, I cannot see why he was taken.' Not a month later the brokenhebarted young mother believed sithe knew the reason, and thanked Heaven from the bottom of her heart that her darling had been ta:ken from the evil to come. 'I wish the Desm6ndn had been in atown,' said Hugh, hoping to change the subject to one less sad. 'I should like you to have re. newed your acquaintance with them, Rots mond.' ' They are abroad, Sir Reginald says,' 'Yes, he's a nice fellow; quite deseoves his good fortune in finding coal on his estate.' 'Do you like him, Hugh ?' 'He's a very pleasant fellow-a thorough gentleman, and always ready to go out of his way to make himself agreeable. As toliki?, him, he's well enough. I'm obliged to b. civil to him because you snub him so,' 'I' prefer' Lord Desmond a hundred times.' ' Do you, dear ? Then you'll be sorry to bear we shall have him for a near neighbour at Fairleigh'; he goes down to Allerton next week. CHAPTER' XVIII, VECRY, very 'mingled were Lady Fairleigh's feelings when her husband handed her out of the railway carriage at the remote station which, small as it' was, was yet the nearest one to Fairleigh Court. She had something of every true wife's longing to see her husband's?home. She could fully enter into Hugh's love for the Court, but she had aho a strange uneasy feeling that this journey would bring her no happiness. She knew she had made it in the defiance of her hse. band's secret wishes, and in consequence she dreaded to find in the' grand old house some silent confirmation of Sir Reginald's scan. dais, some proof that cause existed for the earl to keep his fair young wife a stranger to her home. Involubtarily she slipped htr hantid n'his arm... ' I feel so frightened, Hugh.' He drew her a little closer. ' There is no needd to be, Rosamond. yWe shall soon be at home. It is home, dear little'wife, remember.' - Their own carriage and horses had been sent from London, and were now in waiting, Besides the coachman, whom she knee, Rosamond caught sight of a tall,' bronzed, bearded man, dressed something between a valet and a footman. 'You here, James?' exclaimed the earl, evidently surprised. Yes, please, my lord. Dirs. Ward sent me.' 'Was it Rosamond's fancy. or did a look of intelligence really pass between her husband and this servant'?' She could never quite determine. '-You had better look after the luggage, James,' returned the earl, with assumed carelessness. , 'Then; as the man hastened away, ' How stupid of me. He won't know them, perhaps. I'll go and point them out.' 'What is wrong ?' he said to Iris servant, when he caught him up, and they were both out of Lady Fairleigh's hearing. ' She's awful, my lord,' returned the man, respectfully but emphatically. ' Mrs. Ward did thirk this morning of telegraphing to beg you to leave her ladyship '-jerking his thumb in the direction of the carriage--in London and come on alone.' ' I could not have done that,' said Hugh, hastily. 'It would have been. impossible, What does the doctor say?' ' Ie begins to think, my lord, you won't be able to go on as you have been doing, You'll hive' to send her away.' ' I can't do'that; thinlc of the exposure.' 'The, servant was silent; perhaps this rea. son did not weigh with him. He was. a superior sort of man, and oft one thing there could be no question-he was devoted to the Earl of 'Fairleigh. 'Mrs. Ward has got the crimson rooms ready, my lord ; she.wiched me to tell you.' S'The crimson rooms; the purple ones would have been better, ' ames. All the Ladies Fairleigh have had them.' ' She'seemed to think, my lord, they were too near the wing. 'She's uncommon dan. gerous at times.' The two shes in this sentence it is almost useless to say referred to.different persons. Lord Fairleigh went back to the carriage with a deeper gloom on his face. He took his seat by his wife in absolute silence. 'Hugh,' ' cried. Rosamond, when they neared. the Court-' Hugh, haven't you a word 'o1 welcome 'for me ?' 'Heaven bless my darling wife and make her happy here,' lie returned, solemnly. Then they drove up ,the avenue to the grand entrance, and in the lovely twilight of the sumtiier evening Rosamond had her first glimpse of her new home. 'It is lovely,'?she exclaimed; 'Oh, Hugh, why did you keep me away from it so long?' 'Then you' think you shall' like it?' ,' Like it; I never saw anything so beauli. ful. How can I ever thank you enough for this dear home ?' B' y being happy here, Rosamond,' The carriage had stopped before the grand entrance.now, and be. assisted' his wife to alight. .As. he stood with her on his arm, for one moment he' forgot the difficulties of his position; for one moment he felt as though it. were indeed a.joyous homecoming and rejoiced with pride at his wife's. charms. .As' he led, her through the long. file of eager servants he, could see the admira. tion. her beauty excited; 'he could hear the murmur of approbation on.: all: sides. Then. he: led .her through a longicorridor to a: pretty. sitting-room bright with summer flowers. ' ' I will send Mrs: Ward to you, Rosal mond.' The young wife thought her maid would have been a more desirable person, but she did not coistradict his intention. When the 'door bpened:" and.: the faithful Martha entered, Rosamond felt a strange sense nseof calm.: If this ;prudent,: trustworthy woman had been the mistress of the Court, the epi sode 'of the 'pink ribbon could hardly have occurred ,there.; " ,' Welcome home, my lady,' said Martha, respectfully. ' It'u a fine day that sees the master,. and his 'bride back at the Court. Many's.the time, my lady, I've wondered if the old p1gce would never be inhabited again.' - 'I wanted to come before,' said Rosa. mond, simpli.. * How beautiful it is.' 'There was a. quiver in her voice, a moistureabout her eyes which told their osn tale.to the old servant. 'Ah, my lady, don't go to grieve for the little boy,' she cried, with respectful famili. arity. 'It's easy to see why you've stayed away so long. . You couldn't bear to come home without him.' 'I miss him more and more,' sobbed Rosamond; 'I miss him more, not less, every day.' Mrs. Ward tookls her mistress upstairs and pointed out the rooms she had prepared-a very pretty suite of four. 'I hope you will like them, my lady. Lord Fairleigh gave no instructions, and I thought these would be more cheerful. 'I like them very much,' said .Rosamond, thoughtfully. 'Who lhad them last, Mrs. Ward ?' ' I can hardly call to mind, my lady; some favourite visitor, I fancy. The late countess occupied the purple rooms, and shie's been dead nearly thirty 'years.' TO .iE CON'INUr?., P'rlnted and publi:,sahed by Thomasns lntol, tols lpr'oaprtr, at tthe E~vorint P?nay t'o?t L'riltign Oleoo, Aubmra-stret, G?nlbres. 