Thunderbolt's Hate. BT .E. W. HOBNTTNG. ( Chambers? Miscellany. ) IV. :-On the.eveningof Toeedagr, Qeptember 8, fc a qnavSor put -«m, Ponolopa opened the' doable gates of the' Bilbil home-paddock, squeezed thfough on her pony, shut and fastened the gates .behind her, and rode up very slowly to the home-Btead. ' There was a 'good sunset that evening— a sprifot on agrandscale, for quite half the sky was tinted pink amber; bnt Pen-only: noticed it when she stopped to give her pony its evening drink- at" the borsetanfc) TvhichHfirrored the whole , think. 7 Eastward; however, at the horfzon, the sky was graydgfo, and the edge was growing broader ; but this Pen never riotioed at-alL " The foot is rihe hatl ridden home from' the shed this ' evening with' downcast byes, for the shearing was all bnt oyer. It had .been s'nch plenifid. Tim all throngh. that it eesfoed to . have flown - over in one week, insteadtif in six.- Bnt what was U thousand times worse than 'the 'blpse pf sheng was the 'ap()roach of school- j iog; for: it was settled> that ..when! -William" Lees wentdowri 'to : Melbourne ' at the beginning -of Notethbtf he was tb take "his Uttle'girl with him and leave her at a . school there— hupdreda arid hundreds of milas away. - Thta bad imly! just'been arraOged ; but 'the' arrange-! foerit "wasfinal j Bud i6 mast be.confossed I .that f downcrist'does nottell foe whole truth' with regard -to poor iittiei Pen's «ye8 on her ride from " the ' shod tMs evening. ". „ , . / ! She disinonrited at Ithe .sfobles,': took the saddle and bridle . frotn her pony, .paddock , 'at' fa 7 gentha 'trdt. Then : she I walked slowly to the Lonse, whifo, with; the flaming -west behind it, '< looked like an unambitious carving 1 n ebony. 1 -The! longbare veraridab in frorit cf thristore and the diuirig-foofo. tetfofoppd,ris.tit were, ; with foe GottagO u verandah J iand > before she set foot in the , former, l?en : conld see the square ecreen nf eunset-at the Tar 'erid'.-of "the -latter; arid,' blotted iliks 'fok ripon11 this, screefo motionless fifoires sitting io silence. !. ; > As.tiie'cbildtseteplrang through-i ths' 'long; "empty verandah/' eome heads' turned in the'-nbthBir:dhe, but no brie spoke. A-vague-fear'rieiied Pen, their imotionleeswttitudea seemed -eo rstrange. "Sheheieitated ;1 but the' reaCtiona im rin I sri "fnl lowed .RriBsdil ri! ririd hurried -AS qneeriia-i Qaakers.' meeting as.-could W«l|dbe'im<efofoL vLc. : i i-i-i'1 i her paid face ooldnntLprotid, and'bitterl; indfoniiril"T-bilt -ouites calth «:;vdtK 'thl folded, and Ms -head -thrown forward on his chest. (The m?!? called himself -Brown Jay inhiyufoal posture in the fonfe-.fofor, Aridjis drirkfop;feyes ' -tnroed upwards with their usnal inscraG ble.pfore, ;j";Seated " "on 1 % jchair " a!t .frime .-'.-UMe rmauwlma (iding-boots; mrarewnabreetiiesaehar ajfon anubupatxfoefo pifo yun J, the, pipe — the "utriobe "hung iniailrery: pufis upon the screen of rosyisky at the eod of the verandah/' : Penelope advanced shyly, With her eyeB:fixed, as was- only natural, nfo':. the ' stranger". .. Suddenly ehe.Btood still and shivered. The red light glittefol upon something - bright 'arid-steelyftfiat lay in the ' Stranger's 1 'lap' -r-aievolver. ' 1 Oome tx) me, Pen,' said Mrs. Lees, in a cold mechanickTVbic'e:' " Pen obeyed -prriiriptiy "enough, and slipped air afoiforirifl her mbther's waist and.riSstied' foofie'Ufoide her. "Arid Mis. Lees answered 'riiond — in a enrions tone-rr-tbe child's upward look of terrified lnqniryi ' Tfose foen Ore bushrangers. We are' all in" their power F ; : -fen -'clung .closer to! her mother. "Which men 1' she whispered. There's jonly 'that man ovr there with the plsfol : — ishe ' Thrinderbolt f. ; ' Ye' said f .MrsTj, Lees, ,in. the same danntlres, 'dlsdalrifol tone ; ' and the one with the hrqken jeg ever., teas jbrok»n)-thefofori.thatwe haveriursed and atteoded to- all fchesa WeeksJs his accomplice !';: V- A goilty Mush "Suffused pfo's face to thS rooW Cf her hair. She had known 'this for .days. yet kept It . to herself ! But then she hal..:never suspected i treachery .of this Mod. Wnait treafoery? jShe glanced to whefo Brown lay, hoping to find a rfouring' efofofoion OQ his iface. But there Was ridfofog reassuririg there. His eyes werastill gazing vacantly upward:; hot the ghost of aemile played qver the pale haggard features. This, ffoit smile seemed to Pen1 a confessipn of treachery, and-tiie bnrst into teara " : At tbis moment, .a pleasant" voice, imnging careleBsly, broke upon their ears. 'The voice came-Uehrernrid nearer; then Aswingibg footstep and the jingling of ispnrs were heard in , the- long veranda. 'The bushranger - handled his revolver. A moment -;later; the store-keeper— a yonng fellow fresh front England— stood aghast in their midst. ; j Ayrton, the overseer, raised his head. Thfow np. your hands, Miller,' said he coolly, with! the trne colonial drawl ; up with them, old man, or yon're .a 'stiff f an" .1 We're stuck "Up. Let me in- trodace yon to the celebrated Thunder bolt' — pointing to the- man with the revolver — 4 and his mate' — pointing to jBrown. , Young MiHer turned- pale ; then be stack his hands deep in his trohrie'rs' pockets." He was a very , young man — a Bugby' boy but a year ago. i . ' Ifs a bit of colonial experience ' for yon — a bit worth having,' went on Ayrton calmly, slicing a cake of tobacco as he spoke ;. 'something 'for yon to write arid tell the' oM ; folks at home. Look out — you'd best stand stUJ; I say!' Young Miller had taken a quick step forward ; but he stopped as quickly ; for Avrfcnn'fl waraincr nms rlrivpn linm« hv the cocking 'of Thunderbolt's revolver. The bushranger now rose to his feet and Btretched himself coolly. 'Is tMs the last, of them'?! he asked of Ayrton. 'There's the butcher' ' We can do without - Mnri—Call the cook.' ..'And there's foe groom. Wo won't out far- him,— Clll tll6 cook, d'yre hear F | Ayrton -obeyed. The Chinaman came. ; ' Ted him to dish op dinner in here — and sharp,' said the bnehrauger, point ing to ihe eitting-room. ' Ayrton repeated this; order as .though ithad--been " an order -from William Leris. ; ' 'Now, my'frieods,' said Thunderbolt, addressiDg the whole company, ' some find me a -man of few words— some Fother.tiri ; bnt anyway it's; precious little I'ye.gotTto say now, Yori'll have heard of me'befdrt, mayhap ; and you'll have heard. of sonie the things I've dons when -pressed. - Eve done enough; I daresayj'to riet a pretty high .figure upon "myselfr alive .,or . 'dead.: Whatefor you may force toe ifoto :<loing: tto'-rnight, it can't jmake fo any hotter for trie; .when my-timercomes,.tiian It -would be' 'as things stand already.' He tapped the baft-rind of his "revolver 'riignlffforitiy. -'Batreally/Jadies and gentle foanj' he Went ooln a rinoro insinnatlDg riiariner, 'I'foero ufod befoo unpleasantness i fit all: all I ask is a sqoare meal : then .we'll : adjourn, the. lot U8T .wd any more as: may happeii' to 'drop 'ini arid join ., ue \--io.foe 'stofo : ' und'affot " that —, I don't promise, mind — but it's very 1 likely' 111 "be"." eayirig good-by'e-r .to ypu.-— Ab ; for' ypu, ma'rm,' continned Thnnderbbfo- -bowing suavely to Mrs. Lees, 'if yriri've heard anything ' about me .at all, fpu'll know that you're sq. fe wi. whfttdTar hfttinnnn wl'miil Lha little lady tori!'" \- Mrs. Lees treated . this -assurance with eilefo -rionteinpt' m.nd 'th outla w; now 'ofoeiydthrimallfofoifoe .'sitting reofo; wtfo as he "had tifo -careful - to And jriat fefofoad foo' second 'dgor. nnd no, rfoows'heyorid foe foo thati'lookcd cut -upon tiie vcrapdah.i The yonng rifofolteepfo wias the last to eoter, ; fod he; nrnedo'u foefofoshold.to shake'riis fret at'lbinlderbclfc'smate. : !-,! ' Yoa'ffillalni'. foe. muttered 'savagely' 'i- y oii doubleriyed; immeasurable-—-;; > Dome, 7pwift "forifosritary " Jcharigri'; fo .Bcowa'eiace < — to wMchv-Thunderholt for.foe reriment 'had 'tarnfo bis ; back— man.'stop sho rt j m foe -fofck 6f ins foithets. . ilt set faim think-; "ufoTtoois'0 Aria rilrttle fcariVtefoaHftn''bfe-! .'trefoifohDfo'foid'lius .foe, '"wgifo -now took place; made bis ' thihkiiig vfom GanyoU'Walk'yet 1-askediThundcr-! brilti' : :'""" " - " "" _ in - ..I: i . j: .r_: - >r.- v<il - iIut' WhBrt do VOusleep, their-:nand<liow toencaRy metofirid-fro'. reotmngand 'bVeriK' v."" , u'V/sAb yoaiQrufoiadefofoprie; biifojriOwritiWM,'Wof -caWed 'to arid '&>m! ,Die "IttSiiailcB j&M; 'ga ccritchenrcsiiMillec moreovBr,.i/li: a rihrewddfo'bsfo- whfirMtsfo "cratefafo grewsotimtkiyuttoebaseofthBitrelits; groanajast there, that Jbey, npnld;/Jnpt %ite4fo>Jrieri> but-tiforitheutere witfain HQs ideiS; became almost rtoomnfo .-.for Mm ; for none hvt hlPflglf had hfofo the email conversation "between the ritotireeorih feattfoeptthiss ¥.?, -m j An hoar passed. Sapper was'rir : the bfiShrabger had eaten heartily enough; if no one else did — and bad -not touched a drop of anything stronger than tea.; and all the while with half ari- eye npon the verandah and Brown, and an eye and a half upon the room aod its occupants. The number of the 1 atter was now materially increased. After dinner bad been served, Sammy, the Chinese cook, - was not allowed to retarn to' the kitchen. The groom had come in to say that a strange black" horse -was tethered in the pines, and the groom' had been detained. The maid servant, also, had surrendered of her own accord, bring tired of the duet and discomfort and solitude under her. mistress's bed ; so she was in the room too, te a state of intermittent hysterics. But Mrs. Lees eat throngh it all in naughty silence ; and uttle Fen, clasp- teg her mother's hand tightly, did her best to follow her mother's example. 'I was once in pretty much the same fix before,' Thunderbolt told them good- : hnmouredly, though really the 4 fix' did not seem to be on his side. ' It : was . at a. Queensland . station, Clermont way ; and I'd'briled'op all hands in the store, quite comfortably J bnt they were fools enough "to attempt a rush, arid — June many was It I shot, mate ?' asked Thunderbolt, glancing throngh the door. ; Three,' replied Brown shortly. 4 So you salil— I was not there.' 'Ah, three Vsolt' was: three. Now, they could only bang me once for thein three. WhaFe more, if I was to shoot three' dozen more to-night — supposing there was three dozen here to shoot— still, they could only hang - me. once. IHief'o mliaM T'wn xvrtK tha hnl on mn see? Thunderbolt poffed hie pipe com placently. He seemed enamoured of the situation; aud glad to prolong it Saddenly, . however — qnite suddenly — he turned to the .young storekeeper. ' Yon sing, miBter — eh ? I heard you as you came along the varandah. Give us a eong now.' Young Miller, though his eyes met the bushranger's, saw a white face nodding to him throngh the open door ; aod the reluctance with which he went to the piano was only -feigned. Then and there he sang, to his own accompani ment, a eong that fell agreeably upon Thunderbolt's ears, bat sank like lead -into all ' other hearts, save that of , Thunderbolt's mate. The song ended, the bushranger said authoritatively : ' Give ns another.' Young Miller glanced inquiringly at Mrs Lees. The circumstances had not quite robbed Mm of his English manners. Before the first song, he had asked per mission in the same mute way, aud received a nod. It was almost a pity she did not confine herself to s nod this .time, for it only amused the buBbranger when she said sarcastically : ' Certainly, Mr. miller. Fray, do not be murdered for the sake of a song !' Miller struck up a lively jingle, reminiscent of burnt cork and the banjo, and straightway plunged into a song that purported to be comic. It was highly appreciated. Thunderbolt beat time with his sparred -heels, joined in chorus; and, at the end, rapped out bis applause upon the -duur-panela with -tho bui-eud of his pistol. Ho had laughed uproariously at least once in every verse, and faint echoes from the verandah had further encouraged the singer. In high good- hnmour, the bushranger now asked Miller to play one of the old English ballads. Miller got out the book; and a strange scene followed. Thunder bolt — this bloodthirsty desperado — stood rip, revolver in band, and sang 4 The Lass of Richmond Hill ;' moreover, he sang it with excellent expression, aud in a full manly voice that only just missed being sweet into the bargain. None of the party ever heard the song again without recalling his singing of it. It was greeted with loud applause from the verandah; to which Thunderbolt had turned his "back while singing. The merry ruffian's spirits rose still higher, and he undertook to give ' Tom Bowling' as a wind-up. He' l poked really very handsome, and taking, and good-natured,, as he stood np there framed in the doorway. The light of the lamp On the table and of the icandles.in the piano sconces fell npon Ma' tall atMetic frame and strong regular features : Ms teeth, ae hie mouth opened —liken true singer's — in a perfect circle, -were white and even ; and be sarig that tender old song of Dibdin'e with a rough, effeotive tenderness of his own ; though tile revolver was in his hand and his finger on/the trigger 1 i "Never before or since, one ventures to assert, has 'Tom Bowling' been renaerea anaer eaca very excepuonai circumstances. It occupied some minutes. Your rough-and-ready singer's tendency .is ever to overdo the andante, and this one had a particular weakness for ral- lentando. So the song, which was sung much better than the previous song, took .up jBome little. time ; and when it was .over, there was no applause. The leader of the applause was silent. There was :nht abound from the verandah. Thunder bolt 'temrid1 round quickly, almost before .'foe last note bad died away, and uttered a- sound that' seemed to come from another throat, -and a wild beastfs, for It : was' a roar of rage. His former mate— the helpleas jnanjwiththe -broken leg — was gone ! r'Thhiidyfoft etrotle out, "bnt only a wavil fwnm tlia dnnw and afiirtd HslPninP and peering through the, -darkness. He could see, nothing ; he could hear , noth ing." Wheeling ronnd, he stalked back into Jthfijoom,, liridji Aod . .farinas, and clapped Ms revolver to youngMiller'aear. j You young hoanfl !' he yelled, ' F ve a mindn Llnv vnnr hnunH dat-hcre you sit! You've had anand in thiri F ; Ahd Toi"! Bowlifife had not been thir tyeeconda' gonealgft !' i' v J : Thunderbolt's mate beard plafoly ririongh the yriLnf sage that annrmriced the discovery of 'Me escape. At that unguent, hla cratches had carried him fonaiderably less than two hundredyards from homestead ; !hnt foe-huffied ramfoacentlyTte-he-hqbhled-onjforhe f el t tnlarnblv Recnra. ' Thri nteht was as black ,foi;.tim aoudg;hfo' ;foriked up for rain ; so tliat, when Brown looked over hie shorildSri the OutUrie of the etation foviibie:"";r:'""' v . Even If Jt .was. bright moprilight,' fouttered Brown, ae he riearedthe hpme- paddock gate; 'even if heicouldisee -me, he daren't give !chaael He knowe 'that; :|C hejpfttiiat yerendfofoi- hal anfinute, they'd be into theutore andiormrid to \- the teeth before be could get back. Bnt I I know what he'll do now : he'll do like : he done up iu Queensland, when he stuck up Evelyn Downs single- banded. He'll make Sammy fetch a rope ; then he'll set on one or two . to bind all the rest ; and then one of those twioi'll have to bind the other ; and then- Thnnder- bolt'U'blnd him. Then he'll ransack the places arid away with an hour's start be fore the first man frees himselfi That's what he have done at Evelyn Do wns, if those poor coves hadn't had too much pluck and too little sense. That's what he's doing now, for that Ayrton'e too cool to lose his head or to let the others try anything on either, unless they were cocksure.' In point of fact, Brown .was right. At ! that very " moment, Sainiriy, the Chinaman, was catting down the clothes lines from the pine-trees ' behind hie kitchen! -! It is difficult; at beet, to malie re- , spectable; speed upon crntchee — im possible, when the ooly leg that- may . tonch the ground has been tout of nee for weeks, and when the whole frame la . weakened and reduced by." a pro- - Idngod -poriod of iiinotmly. Hrnwn ot oyer, thefirat mile at a good rate,, cori- sldering everything; but he paid7 for it before he was half- way through the second. Quite suddenly his brain reeled, the crutches dipped from under his arm pits. He fell forward npon ; his hands. Ihstead of stunning him, the slightest shock galvanised his brain .; bnt be was wise'eaough to slip right down for a minute's rest, in which to gather Btrength and review the eitnation. He had not come more than a mile and a half, or a quarter of the. way to the wool-ehed — of tbis he was certain. A quarter of the way, and he had already collapsed once! The prospect of Ms reachiog the shed at all seemed by no means certain. Even if he did succeed in getting there, could he he in time to be of any use ? He wonld, indeed, be able to despatch prompt, assistance to the prisoners at the home stead — but ooly to find, no doubt, that that they were prisoners uo longer, and that the bushranger had got a long safe etart. Oo the other haod, there were two possibilities to consider. There was the chance of the prisoners being so securely bound that it might take tbem hours to realease themselves ; and the thonght of Mrs. Lees and little Fen — above all, of little Pen — being lacerated for hoars by the binding ropea was intolerable to Brown. Then there was the chance of Thunderbolt's capture, if a hue and cry were started by the shearers, most of whom had horses in the horse- paddock out at the shed ; and the thought of that made Brown tremble with excite ment. Without knowing which incentive was the stronger, he set Me teeth, dragged himself from the ground, and uncs more swung lorwara an nis crntchee. It was a terrible task that he had set himself — indeed, an impossible one ; but Brown had not time to find this out. For he had not proceeded a hundred yards from the spot where be had fallen, when a galloping horseman overtook him. At first he thongbt it was TtaoSgrhnll, crouched behind a big blue-bush at one side of H>o ti-aok. e»t his teeth, clubbed a cratch, aud thought bitterly of his buried pistols. Bat when the horse came up, there was just light enough to see that it was a gray ; and Thunderbolt's mount was black as ink. Besides, the rider was sitting all of a heap, and an unsteady heap too, which put it beyond donbt that it was not even Thunderbolt on one of the station horses. So then Brown started np as smartly as be- was able and let out a loud shout ; whereupon the rider — a harmless shearer, on his way home from a cruvivial even ing in the township — nearly fell from Ms saddle, but reined up awkwardly, aod showed his presence of mind by an eloquent bat indistinct set of corses. ' Don't stop, man !' cried Brown. 'Ride on to the wool-shed for yonr life! The homestead's stuck up, and every soul's in Thunderbolt's hands !' ' Thunderbolt ?' ' Thunderbolt 1' In an instant, the festive shearer became quite painfully sober, by com parison. He rode np close to Brown. 'Why — great Scot! you're the cove with the broken leg !' ' Get on, man ; there's not a moment to lose F 'But how the mischief did you get here ? Crutches aud all, so help me !' ' Oh, ride on, can't you ? cried Brown angrily. 'Think of the women aud the .l.:U 0»" The shearer sat for some seconds longer like a statue in the saddle ; then, with a forcible imprecation — bnt a most complimentary one to 1 the cove with the broken leg ' — he dug spars into the grey and thundered on. And Brown sank down again behind hie blue-bush, and realised, now that it was off Ms shoulders, the complete impossibility of the task he had set himself — to hobble six miles on his crutches. He lay npon the ground, utterly feeble, and feeling as though a forceps had been at work drawing every nerve and sinew out of his body. Consciousness almost forsook Mm ; he fell into a state of partial etapor. He was roused — it must have been! an honr later — bv a stamDede of horses sweeping down the . track at a gallop.1 It was the shearers, with William Lees at their head. When they had passed, Brown struggled up and propped him self once more upon his cratches, and began retracing his steps -to the home stead." But his nace was considerably slower than it had been, before. He thooght he was never going to reach the home-paddock gate. At last lie. knew that he "'was near it, by hearing the double jgates clatter, beck upon the posts and - a horse's ' ,hoofa . . founder throngh.' - ; l : What' followed occupied a few - mo ments onlyT- A, black borse wae reined np withtea yard of "Brown; ftridwhen Browo addressed the rider, taking - him for one ! of foe > pursuers, a low; cruel 'lan'oW viut 'tiin J knnWAF urtA flash, a report, a horse's galfop" dying away in thedistance ; and Tbunderbplt's mate'7 left lying in his blood, shot by Thnodefoplt l 7 V : tragic foghtej'unch 'as; fois one, peqplp are'plow fo go tofleAyeh jfofo the -danger. Ib aver. . ! At ."midnight, William Lbes, his wife and child, and foe ! jtrjufoling mrid-eeryaut, sat in silence in the sitting-room, awaiting the return of the hue and cry, which seemed certain at last to capture the notorious Thunderbolt, but which in point of fact did no each thing. Loss at the moment was an embittered man : he, and he alone, was out of the chaae: duty had tied him to the domeBtio apron strings, and the action of his young men — who had joined the pnreuers without so much ae asking leave — had tightened the knots. All at once; but. so silently that bet parents hardly noticed it, little Pen stole ont into the verandah. She fancied she had heard a faint cry : in the verandah, fancy became certainty, for the cry was repeated : ' Miss Fen !' The voice was sadly feeble, but it was Brown's voice. Fen knew it fnetantly,. and went swiftly but softly to the end of the verandah. The faint summons come yet again : ' Miss Fen !' \- The child rnshed out, groped for arid found the picket-fence, followed it down to the wicket, went through, and7 almost7 fell over a' man's prostrate form. ' Miss Peri ! Ie it really you F 'Is that really you, Brown'?' It was. very, very dark, and fine rain was" fall ing. ! 'Yes, miss, it's me — come back,' said Brown, very faintly. 'I'm glad you heard me, and came — in time. Water ! My throat is on fire.' She tamed like lightning. He called her back. ' Mies Fen 1' His voice terrified her ; it was fainter than ever ; and he was gasping. 1 Yon didn't believe — Mire Fen — I was siding with him — to-night — did von !' 'No, Brown; really and truly, I didn't believe that !' She gave him her little hand, and he pressed it to Ms cold, damp lips ' Water!' he gasped again. Pen ran away, a great lump in her throat, a vague terror in her heart. As she neared the verandah she tlionghtshe beard a long-drawn choking sigh. She bnrst into the room, and told her.parente Brown was outside, jnst .beyond the fence, lying down exhausted and'beggiiig for water. Bat before she had told them all, the child stopped, and uttered a shrill scream : the light of the lamp bad revealed blood npon her band ! William Lees said nothing, but seized the water-bottle and rushed out. He was too late. Thunuerbolt'e mate was dead. The reader may like to know that Thunderbolt Mmself never left that dis trict alive ; the police eergant from the township near Bilbil shot him dead within forty-eight hoars from that mid night. Bat it is needless to add that there was neither comfort nor consolation in this for little Penelope Lees. (tub ees.) 