great britain. Until recently the members of the body guard of the Viceroy of India wore as head dress a small cap whioh, besides being ineffective - in appearance, was but poor proteotion against the fierce tropical sun. -The fact coming to her Maiustv' knowledge. she expressed a wish that the moro useful turban should be substituted, aud when Lord Lansdowne recently returned to Caloutta his body guard appeared in very hand some red, dark- blue and gold tui haus, whioh added much to the smartuess of their ap pearance. Tho eolieetion of drawings, the gift of the lata Sir Presoott Hewett, to the South Kensing ton Museum will be a material addition to the reproseutation of English water color art there. Sir Presoott Hewett— himself an exceptionally accomplished amateur — was for half a century a closo observer ot the progress of English water color. Ho bought largely the works of living men, and when ho had decided to appropriate to the nation a part of his collection, ho invited, as far as was possible, those living artists whom ho sought to represent to themsolvossclcotfrom among his possessions any two of their works which they thought would best display, thoir characteristics to.tho publio. A return rulnting»to postmen's pay in August, 1891, na compared with 1885, .has Leon issued. In London the postmen, with the exception of those in tho central district, whose' maximum pay was as high as 32s. a week, have obtained an advanoo at, tho maximutnof their scale of 2s. a week. In the provinces the town postmen ge nerally have also obtained an advance at their maximum of 2s. a week.- Inboth London and tho provinces, wherever the postmen bad been formed into two classes, they arc now formed iute ouo class, so that evory, man who. conducts himself well can riso to tue maximum pay of his class without waiting for vacancios. All postmen, both town and rural, have been granted an allowance of 21s. a year for boots. It has long been a rcproaoh to tho English people that thoy "take thoir pleasures sadly," and the following is a vory striking example of it. Adisusod cemetery in tho borough called tho Cross Bones Burial Ground, has been of late years utilised as a rccroation ground. Fairs are held upon it, with steam organs, rifle galleries, cocoanut shies, and, what scorns very appropri ate to tho locality, "Ghost Shows." This last should bo inquired into by the psyohical society ; it is described as tho greatest attraction of all, and very productive of noise and screams. But what appears still moro strange as an item of am usement is tho ' 'razzlo dazzle, "n machine whioh imitates the motions of a ship at sea. One can scarooly conecive anyone wishing to be acquain ted with this species of locomotion, which has all the effeots of ocean travol upon the voyager, but it is said to be "oxtremely popular." The inhabitants of the borough must bo as peculiar in their constitutions as in thoir tastes. According to tho Baptist Handbook for 1892, thoro are in the United Kingdom 2812 Baptist ohurches, 3798 chapels, 1,225,097 sittings, 304,163 mombors, 44,8/4 Sunday school teachers, 448,921 Sunday sohool scholars, 1841 pastors, and 4155 local preaohera ; an increase of 10 ohurches, 17 clmpols, 1571 sittings, 4000 members, 1029 Sunday scholars, and 155 local preaohers on last year ; but n decrease of 348 Sunday sohool teachers and 33 paBtors. To these totals aro to bo added, as in 1890, for churohos not making returns 30,000 members, 3000 tc&ohers; aud 35,000 scholars.. In the United States there has boen an inorca9e of 177,115 mombers, and in Sweden t.hcro is an iucrcase of 18 ohurohes and 1335 mombers, giving a total for that country of 524 churches and 34,814 members. In Russia thore are 70 chapels, hav ing 16,930 sittings, and 280 other places for meetings, with 12,544 mumbers. On the prineiplo that one has to go from home in order to learn news, tho following curious story about lost treasure, whioh appeared recently in the Yorkshire Post, may bo accep table:— "A diver engaged in the pearl fishory in the vicinity of the Torres Straits, came across, In the course of his work, the wreck of. a largo vessel embedded in the Band. Curiosity and a hope of finding something to repay him for his troublo induced him to mako a careful examination of the ship. The searoh was very fruitful of rosults. The vessel proved to be an old Spanish East Indiaman, and a part of its oargo was silver speoie in dollars. So far, tho cot respondent believes, tho discovory is a profound secret, known only to a very few, who aro now engaged in exploiting the wreck to considerable advantage. 'A reoent steamer from Australia brought to London a largo quantity of tho specie, amounting in value to many thousand pounds, and there is more to follow." Admiral Colomb relates epnie . interesting nnecdotos on the subjeot of tho use of the helio graph in war In the campaign in Egypt, the country being flat and unsuitable, the mirage played tricks, and messages had often to bo road up in the clouds. " During our first occupation of Alexandria, two drunken signallo'rs in a distant fort roused Sir E. Haraley and his whole garrison by Bonding round a bogus message for "fun" — a signalling feat which, wo are told, oOBt them dear. Admiral Colomb complimented Sir Garnet (now. Lord) Wolseley upon his reeeut victory by heliograph from the top of the Pyramids, and assured him that, "like Napoleon, 40 centuries saluted him." Tills happened to got into the papers, but some how they mixed up Alexandria with Cairo, aud reported th&t; he had heliographed from the Pyramids to the former place, , from tho nature of the ground a physical impossibility. How ever, he shortly reoeived a letter from that well known astronomical heretic, the .late. Mr. John Hampden, thanking lnm for the valuable ex periment, which, he added, inbohtestnbly proved the truth of hiB theory that the word ia flat and not round. Six years have elapsed since the Council of the Royal Geographical Sooioty first took in hand the question of establishing a practical uniformity in the spelling of geographical names. No ohanges were proposed to bo introduced into the place nnmos of eountries whioh use Roman lettors ; neither was it desired to alter names in other countries whioh have become by long usage familiar to English readers. In other re gards the sooicty determined to adopt the rulo that vowels' should be sounded after tho Italian pr&otice; and consonants after their power in the English language — taking as the basis of tho spelling tho true sound of the word as locally pronounced. Since then the Admiralty and War Office have adopted the system in praatico, while the Foreign and Colonial Offices have accepted it, tho latter having, moreover,, urged upon tho colonies the expedienoy of earryiug it out in respect to uames of native origin. Besides this, tlio United States have adopted a system in olosc conformity, and it is now announced in a oircular signed by tbe president, Sir Mount- stuai't Elphinstone Grant-Duff, that Franco aud Germany have both formulated systems of orthography for foreigu words which in many details agree with tlio English system. 