ROSEHILL RACING CLUB NOVEMBER I MELTON SECOND DAY, WEDNESDAY, 6th Noverian. Stewards Messrs S Ackman, T. M. Alcock, E. M Betts, G K Clark, W R Cortis, M. D. , J. A. Scarr Judge Mr. J. B Olliffe Handicapper Mr. J A Scarr. Starter Mr T. Watson. Clerk of the beales Mr. Charles Perry Timekeeper Mr. T M. Alcock. Clerk of the Course Mr. J. 'T Luckey. Mr. G. B. Rollo), secretary. The Rosehill spring reunion, which commenced so auspiciously on turday last, was continued and concluded yesterday, and formed a prominent feature of the Prince of Wales' Birthday celebrations The forenoon was fine, though seasonably warm, and continued so up to 4 p.m., when the distant rumblings of thunder indicated the approach of a heavy shower, which came down after the steeplechase was clouded, and caused a general rush for the ample shelter on and underneath the grand stand and other structures. The rain eased or before the last race, and visitors were enabled to reach home without serious inconvenience The special transit arrangements were equal to requirements, and the journeys to and from the course were accomplished in good time The Rosehill management had reason to be satisfied with thont'eudnnco, for the grand- stand oneknurecoutiincda very large and representative gathering, of which a liberal percentage were of the gentler sex, each of whom was presented with a Japanese fan and a bouquet of flowers on tutoring the reserve 'The p patrons of the Leger reserve also rolled up in strong force. There was a fair muster on the flat, and altogether the attendance numbered over 7000 persons The scene during the luncheon interval was more suggestive of a monster picnic than a race meeting, for the summer-houses and other shady retreats within the spacious grounds were occupied by family parties provided with well-filled hampers, willie the luncheon rooms and tearooms were al to well patronised. The members of the Oneutil Silver Band, under the baton of Mr J C Walker, occupied a position on the law n, and contributed to the general enjoyment by interpreting a well- selected programme of music with taste and precision. The track was in excellent condition, and the racing was of an interesting character Mr Watson got his fields away on fair terms, and the only flag recorded during the afternoon was one of fill against E Huxley for disobedience at the post in the Birthday H indtcap, while Mr J. B. Ulhiío as judge was fully equal to the exigencies of the situation. The general arrangements were ably supervised by Mr G B. Rowley, and were conducted throughout without the slightest friction. Special union was pretty brisk on the opening event, the Hurdle Race, and Albert, with Nolan in the saddle, was made a confirmed favourite, but was completely outpaced by Cascade, who showed a decided return to form in the way in which he galloped everything at the finish Goldthorn was in great request for the Granville Stakes, and he won very cleverly from Plover. Odds were laid on Troclrado for the Auction Stakes, and never leaving the question in doubt, he won with a deal to spare from Southerly) Buster. Shamrock was elected favourite for the Birthday Handicap, but, although he ran a good colt, could only get third to Beau O'Connor and Ethelbert, and had the latter come sooner he might have won The Steeplechase brought about a pretty race, and after having been ridden very patiently by Death Idle Bay disposed of all comers at the distance, and won easily. Tommy) Ryan fell at the water jump, St lane ran off at the fourth fence, and Clarence parted with Nolan when three furlongs from home, so that the boy had an easy task to win from Artist and Bushman. Rushlight was in most request for the Stewards' Mile but although he occupied a nice position nearly all the way, he quite failed to stay it out, and Moscow, coming on at a great pace, won easily at the cue! from Stomach and Australian Light. The following are the details - HURDLE RACE a handicap of 70 sovs ; 2 miles -Mr W Kelso's b g Cascade, by Boodoo age!, last 10lb T Mnllj), 1, Mr G Barker ns b r "bert aged, last lib Doolan) 2, Messrs Anthony Brothers' br g Siberian, aged, 9st Gib (Hurley), 3 Other starters Buckley, 10st 7lb (charms), Tourist, 9st 8lb (Humphries), Music, 9st 5lb (truce Viol n, Oat 1246, including 7lb penalty (W Leo) Coghill, 9st 10lb, include Tib penalty (Dca h), The spade, 9st (Waters) Betting 3 to 1 v Albert, 6 to I v Violin, 6 to 1 v Cascade, 7 to 1 each v Buckley and Siberian, 10 to 1 want other "When they settled down to business, To mr and Albert took upon themselves the responsibility of pacemakers, and they made the running, followed 1 by Cases 15 and Slbcltan So they ran to the five furlongs post where Music trot into the first flight, but was still slightly in the rear of the leaders who were then closed upon by Cascade and Buckley Costado then joined Albert, and the pair turned the home corner well clear from the others After passing the distance Cascade sailed away alone and won easily by five lengths, leaving Albert to beat Siberian by two lengths and a half for second d plate, and they were followed by tourist. Music, Moira, and Coghill Time, 3 minuteness seconds OiiAWiciB STAKES a handicap of 50 Sovs for all horses that have never won a prize of the ratio of -assets at time of starting li mile Mr W Miller ns eli c Colilthnin by Goldsbrnugh-ihe Thorn 1 jeers, 7st U'b inch lying -lb over (Soilj) 1 Mr W H Hall's bgPlovci, 1 jean, 7st 7lb ("I Hugh) 2, Mr M Rush's b c Laman, 3 year., 7st 4lb (li Hollier), 1 Other starters The 7st 8lb (Trainor), ITionv, 7st 8lb (M Carthy,, Hamilton, 7st lib (Garland), Royal Arch, 7st 5lb, including 3lb over (C Parker) Betting 6 to 4 on (erection, 6 to 1 each v Royal Arch and Hamilton 10 to 1 v others After the flag had gone down to a good start JVobc and Iranian appeared at the front, and forced the running from Tlovir and Royal Arch Ooltlthom joined the leaders at the home turn and shaking off lYohc, Ininian, and Royal Arch, looked like winning until Plover sud lenly put in his cream on the inside, and looked all over a winner when ion jHrd. from home, but Ooldthoiu came again with unquestionable gameness, and won by half a length Frank in was 10 lengths off, and was followed by Hamilton Royal Arch, ebony, and frolic Time, 2 minutes 15 seconds Annie i Pi ATB of 70 Sovs . weight for age, the winner to be sold for 100 sons , r furlongs -Mr E J Swann, j s b g Freetrader by Cr usftdel-Freedom (nil), 5 years, 0 t 1-lb (B Clough), 1, Mr W Kelso's br g Southerly Buster (nil), aged, 6st 1 Jib (Couk) Earl 1 Roberts has b g Maurice (ml), 4 years 6st 111 (1 Davis), '3 Other starter Mnrabo 7st Gib (Conlon) Betting 5 to 4 on I reside I to 1 T March, 7 to 1 v Southerly Buster Maine and free trade raced on close terms to the he me turn where the favourite came away and won easily be more than a couple of lengths from Southerly Buster who c and well at the end and beat Matinee by foul lengths for second place, with Mnrtbo like lengths off Time, 1 minute 17 seconds BtPTitim HANDICAP of 50 Sovs ; second horse 10 sovs from the shire, third horse 20 sovs from the prize, 2 miles I furlong - Mr John Gough as the Dnu E Connor, b Marvellous- Mavourneen, A years, 8st (began), 1, Mr "W Gannon S br h Ethelbert, 5 years, 8st Gib (Gainsford), 2, Mr I Earnshaw ns ch g Shamrock Overs. test 759 (Bills), 3 Other starters Usenhaiu, 9st 7lb (Huxley , Cardoness, f«t31b (Parker) 1 Apply, St Jib (M'Carthy), Werong, 7st 8lb (Milne), Bookwall 7st 8lb (J Delaney), IhoStmller, 7st 7lb Oldman), Manton, 7st 7lb (Cook), Amber Queen, 7st (M'1-ailûnol Princess, 7st (li Gough) , Assayer 8st 3lb including 2lb over (Conlon) Round about, est 916 (Tierney), Gingham, 7st, including 7lb penalty (Smith), Beta 9st 7lb (Stevenson) Betting 4 to 4 v Shamrock, 4 to 1 by Dan O'Connor, of the 1 v Linton, 10 to 1 each v Oxenham, Princess, Ethelbert Cardross, and Roundabout, 15 to 1 \ others 1 Ethelbert was the first to Im ak fl em a good start, and with Amber Qi been, led past the mile post A furlong further on Dun O ( ennui got his head in front from Ascot to, who had the hard pulling Shamrock this girths The half- mile post raw- the list of Amber Queen, and Shamrock end Dan O'Connor, close in adams the rails, worethottr»ttotum the home corner from Cardoness, while Greenhorn, Assayer, and Ovingham showed most prominently of the other n nil Ethelbert began to come in the centre However the effort of the son of Goldsbrough was too late, and Dan S Connor, just lasting it out west by a head Shamrock was about half a length off, followed by Gingham, Assayer, and Beta Time 1 minute 53 seconds HaSEPLECinsi! a handicap of "5 sons , about "a miles Mr J Yeomans gr g Telle Boy, 9 years His (Deal n), I, Mr J Mahony is b g "tut, aged, 9st 7lb (W etc No), 2 Mr W Kelso's b g Bushman, aged 10st 9lb iMulrv) 1 Other starters Hare- nee, 10st 5lb (Nolan), Melton Oct 1 lib (Miles), St Earle, 9st91b (Buddie) Tommy Uren, 9st 7lb (Mr W Williamson), Boswell, Ost Gib (G Williams), The Ghost, 9st 3lb (M'Uron) Betting 4 to 4 v Clarence, 7 to 1 v Idle Boy, 6 to 1 L fj?*,inan 7 to I v Artist, 3 to l each v St Earle and Boswell, 10 to 1 v any other As soon as they settled down St Ilsrio appeared at the front, but was steadied and Boswell led him over the first of the treble, which brought Tommy Ryan to erect, while BY Dailojliowed the way over the seawall and the logs followed by Clarence and 'the Chest, with Idle Boy tal Artist East. St. name performed the untrained trick of hauling to the off at the fence near the river, and Boswell, jumping as straight as an arrow, was left with a four lengths lead of Bushman and Melton, who were three lengths clear from The Ghost, Artist, and Idle Boy. Bomotlilinr happened to The Ghost at the half-mile post, and Artut, Boswell, and Melton turned Life comer on terms from Bushman. Boswell led by cr thotrebloforthu M-ooiiiltnne, followed by Melton, Bushman, and Artist, with Idle Boy and Clarence m waiting. Artist then rattle d to the front and just led Idle lies, Bushman. and Melton past the half-mile post, with Clureneo next and going up fast, The next fence caused a dissolution of partnership with Nolan and Clarence, and Idle Boy, cutting down his showers. came along and won easily by four lengths from Artist, who was five lengths in front of Bush- man, while Morton was nearly half a distance away. Time, 6 minutes 35 seconds. by. an AMIS' Mu r-Mr Ii. Pearce's b h Moscow, by Julian Avenal Zephyr, aged, but 7lb Pearce), 1 Mr E). Kenny na ch m Sluniach. aged list including 7lb penalty (Knight), 2, Mr. T. T Orr's eh h Australian Light, but 12lb including, penalty (Barden), 3. Other starters . Ilunh light, 9st 5lb (Xcrrickcr), Morning, last 5lb (Milne)! skittles, the (Farrell), C asnun, Ost (English), Tommy, Costello (J. DelnnovJi Vaux ins, 7st MR (Tierney). Betting 7 to 4 v. Rushlight, 2 to 1 v. Cannon, (1 to reach v. Moscow and Faux Pas, 10 to 1 v others The word was given to a good start, and the colours of Rushlight, Austral lian Light, and I may I'us were the first away, while Stomach and Cannon also left the post in good positions. No change took place for a furlong and a half, when Cannon took up the running which he carried on to the herd, where Tommy deposed him, and Cannon riding enough, Fan:. Pus looked dangerous for a moment; but as they came on Moscow, fairly galloping over his field, cut every thing down at the distance, and won easily by three lengths from Mulline i, who was attended by Aus trim in Light, Rushlight, I aux Tas., battles, and Morning. Time, I minute 4) seconds 