How Shall We Decide This Question?" Now,which is the worse-to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite 1 There are lots of people on the one side or the other of .this question. , When "good digestion waits on appetite,nnd health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in,that way ; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common skese of it is that within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because., short,of. the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy, man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and, repairs," To illustrate. We recently received a communi cation in which the writer says, .' I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on t If the latter, why 1 Let him clear the mystery himself. He says," In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been sig nalman twelve months, and then all at oncc, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavourthe palate, to pub it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and, none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a ,dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which wcro always rightf before I, had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to,do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls ' n pricking sensation ' at bis heart as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that t,ho sweat rolled off him. '. I dreaded," he says, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I viade, for-1 was afraid to eat." " After a time I got into a low, weak nervous con dition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good denl of sleep," What he means by the fear of " something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death cf somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by, lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and un governed imagination. , " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one has suffered so much as I have done." In the latter statement lie is undoubtedly wrong. One*s own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatmdnt had left him where it found him 4ie chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like JtU^otcn having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. "My wife," he says, "got me a bottle at Mr. fatngstaff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its content*, the ailment left me and has never returned since tliat fortunate day, I should like the whole world to iaaow what it did for me. I have been employed Mr the Midland Railway Company for eleven yearsft' (Slgrited) "GEORGE HUNT, % Gar Bottom Road, ^Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish thli|by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of tho^porld at least may know how thankful he is and fitkr,what reason. 