BEOADBRIM'* NEW YOBK \- LETTER. As you enter the stately gate of Green wood Cemetery, the grandest Necropolis on the American, continent, on a sharp ascent a little to the left is a beautiful miniature Grecian temple of the finest Quincy granite, which mark the lasting resting-place of John Anderson. He sleeps in noble com pany. Almost in front, marked^ by a splendid cross, is the grave of Louis Bon nard, who after a life of self-denial and privation, died, leaving a fortune of two hundred thousand dollars to the Society for the Prevention, of Cruelty to Animals. Under the shadow of the temple is the monument of Mrs. Oswald Ottendorfer, the wife of the editor of the Staalz-Zietung, whose benevolence when living made her beloved by the poor, to whom she was the incarnation of charity, and whoso blessed work survives her in the various public institutions which she assisted and founded in her life. In a little hollow close by is the bronze statue of De Witt Clinton, the Governor of New York, and not far oft is the grave of Horace Greely, the founder of the New Tork Tribune. On a towering point to the north is Battle Hill, whose stately monument commemorates the glory of our Union dead, who fell fighting for the old flag in the late rebellion. But among all these solemn and beautiful memorials there is nothing that surpasses the mausoleum of John Anderson. Who was he that even in death commands such marked attention ? Was he some scholar eminent in the "world of letters ? Was. lie some blessed philanthropist whose large hearted benefactions have made his nan® a benediction to the poor ? Was he soma weird inventor, whose wonderful discoveries have plucked from the bosom of nature her most mysterious secrets, chained the light ning as an abject slave and called down the floods from the vaults of heaven ? No, he was none of these; his only claim to consideration among men was as the inventor of Solaeo chewing tobacco; not much, you say. No, parhaps not; and yet in the cold, dark watches of the night, in the late "war, when tbe pietet stood with liis hand, upon the trigger of his gun, not knowing but the next moment might be his last, I have known him to take a sharp chance of death for a chew of it, and consider himself well paid for a five-mile tramp by a paper of it. But what is Solace tobacco*-which led this lucky wight to fortune ? About fifty years ago there stood on Broadway, opposite Pearl-street, a little tobacconist's shop on the corner of' the City Hospital grounds. ) The chief attraction of this humble store "was a lovely maiden about eighteen, who was known far-and near as the pretty cigar girl. All the young- dudes bought their cigars there; while-the lovers of the weed who found comfort in chewing were always provided with a. paper of John Anderson s Fine Cut. I One day General- Scott, then ttse Coin mander-in-Chief' of the- America® army, 1 walking down Broadway, discovereihe was out of his favorite weed! and' he stepped into John Anderson's little shop.. The grim warrier was- then- past sixty; but he still had an eye- for female»beauty* and many times after, -®hen journeying-between New York and Washington, he stopped at the little tobacconist's shop to lay inatstore of John Anderson's Fine Cut. One morning New York was startled with the intelligence I that the pretty cigar girl had disappeared; ' and a couple of days after her body- was found floating in the Hudson river\>pposite the Elysian Fields. It was less than a.nifce day's wonder; the mystery of her death was never unravelled, and after a time was for-* gotten. The Mexican war came on, and in» 184S General Scott superseded General1 Taylor in command of the forces. It was hard fighting over rough ground, and General Scott found himself short of lii's favorite weed, and was finally reduced to the hard necessity of Old Virginia Golden: Plug from the Commissiary Department.. In his dire strait he wrote to John Anderson to send him a few (dozen Fine Cut. To preserve it moist, John Anderson conceived the idea of enclosing it in tinfoil. It worked like a charm and when General Scott acknowledged the receipt of it, which he did with his own hand, he made use of the following words-"And, my dear sir, allow me to say, your tobacco is a genuine solace." John Anderson had the letter elegantly framed and hung it in his window. Thousands crowded around to read it; these simple words were the open sesame to fortune to John Anderson, who immediately sent out John Anderson s Solace Tobacco, a brand that is now known from the rising to the setting of the sun. From that day to the hour of his death, fortune smiled upon him; his hundreds became thousands; his thousands hundreds of thousands j his hundreds of thousands millions; and so he kept piling up wealth till one night years ago death stepped in and John Anderson's earthly accounts were closed, stocks, bonds, houses and lands, Solace tobacco and alL But while wealth rolled upon him in a golden stream, all was not well in the home of John Anderson. There was a grim skeleton behind the door, grinning by day and chattering by night, that gave his soul no peace. While others slept he started up in a fright from his dreams, and Tushed wildly through the gilded parlors of his splendid home, pursued by the pale ghost of the pretty eigar girL Sometimes she clutched him by the throat, and then a wild scream of fright brought the house hold together to find the master writhing on the floor foaming at the mouth; but the terrible ghost had vanished. Then he sought forgetfuiness in drink, but the spectre invisible to other eyes was ever present to him. He broke up his family and installed a woman of questionable repute at the head of his household, and became a social outcast. At last, worn in body and crushed in spirit, he died, and for the past five weeks his life and history in all their shocking details have been ven tilated in the courts, his daughter, Mrs. Appleton, contesting his will, and the result has been these appalling revelations of a man -who has been in his grave ror years. This splendid mausoleum is but one of many in this mournful city of the dead which cover histories wilder than the wildest romance and secrets which had better remain locked till the judgment day. A question which is now perplexing many very pious people 13 the .evangelization of the Chinese. As the Sunday-schools have been organized here, a nice, winsome young female teacher has been provided for every Chinaman and John likee belly muchee. A liev. Mr. Lewis, who has had considerable : experience as a Chinese missionary, objected to that manner of teaching, and instead of trusting young girls with the work, sug gested that it could be performed more consistently by men, but John did not want that, he wantee wan Amelican galee, allee to himselfee, or li3 no commee to Slunlay schooL That appeared to be just the point. When John had no washee on Slunday he would come over to Brooklyn and have a nice time with his teacher, get ham sand wiches, doughnuts and hot coffee and nothing to pay. It was said that the majority of these pious converts on other nights of the wec-k might be foaad at the f -an tan tables of Mott-stre^.f. or the opium" oints of Pell-street, and that the harvest of the saved was not great. One pminent minister offered to teach them in his church wi*;h male teachers, and they told lum point blank that if they could not have a girl each they would not come. The fact is there is a wood deal of false philanthropy in all of our churches. In New York and Brooklyn are thousands and thousands of people who have no gospel and no God, and j who need the bread of life as it was never : needed by any Chinaman since Confucius -heathens on whose blick night no ray of , light has ever shone, and who have no mors 1 idea of God than the voiceless Sphynx on , Egypt's burning1 sands. Out of this male strom of sin in our midst rises th« cry of sinking thousands. Night and day, curses', maledictions, and blasphemy shock the air. While good men and good women are seek ing for Christian work, these fallen wretches, besotted and brgr'med with sin, lost to every sense of human obligation, steeped in infamy and dead to shame, are" still our brothers and sisters: deny it as we wilL The question of the first murderer rises to the lips,' Am I my broth 3r's keeper?' before God, yes; and for that keeping sooner or later yon will be held to a strict accountability. Among the sham philanthropies of time is onenowsanctioned by Elbridge Gerry, the President of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. Among the most pleasant of our theatrical entertainments is francis Wilson's Lion Tamer, which is bound to have a long run. In it there is a dance for children, a delightful dance it is, 1 and the children enjoy it as much as the j audience. The°e little creatures are mora tenderiy cared for than they are in their j own homes. By this little pleasant play j the children are able to assist their families" j to five dollars a week, but Mr. Gerry refused to let them dance, and twenty poor! families lose one hundred dollars a week, a | serious matter in this biting winter time. Sir. Wilson has a couple of clever little colored boys whom he picked up in the streets and put in tlie way of earning an" ! honest and honorable living. These cunnin g littte- fellows have an act which they enjoy quite as much as the audience. In their ordinary play with each otherthey tumble about like a couple of monkeys, but Mr. Gerry steps in again and forbids them to do this.. It is not humanity but simple philanthropic stupidity: Francis Wilson, aside from being a very- funny man, is- a humane, intelligent gentleman, and any child entrusted to his charge would be quite as tenderly-cared for as any of Mr. Gerry's own family.. People seem to have a very strange idea of matters on- the stage of a theatre. It may be news; to some but I sp-^ak about what I know-; there is not one family in twenty whose affairs are conducted in as decent and orderly fashion as they are on the stage of a well-regulated theatre. There are about five- hundred children engaged in the theatres of New York, and for general deportment', good behavior and intelligence. I will back tBem against any five hundred children that can be selected from- the Sunday-schools of Brooklyn or New York; Mr. Gerry and his society have done ? excel lent work, for which we feel duly grateful, but on the question of children taking1 part in a theatrical performance tKey are philanthropicaJly mad. Little Joseph Hoffman, making his three thousand dollars a week for playing a few pieces on the piano is considered to be in' mortal danger. Hie had his own private physician, a valet and' a nurse, his fa'ther and his mother all dancing attendance on him; he was quartered in the most elegant suit of rooms in the finest hotel in the city, and his carriage- and hoises and livered servants, awaited his beek and call, but Mfc . Gerry compelled him to break his engage- . . ment, and Manager Abbey was knocked . elean out of a hundred thousand dollars, and ^ the boy himself robbed of a fortune that would have supported himself, his father ?and1 his mother for the rest of their lives. This- latest outrage on Mr. Wilson is a shameful usurpation of power, and the sooner- this arbitrary law is repealed the better.-. If Mr. Gerry and his society want work to do that will repay them here and hereafter,-.they need not seek it among the well-fedrand the well-cared for children in the-theatres-; let them go down to news paper-rcw in-the cold grey of these bitter- | winter mornings, or when the evening j papers are issued in these cold and biting- j afternoons go-to- the Brooklyn Bridge or along the Bowery, where ragged misery fights fiercely for bread and shelter froT I early dawn till late at night. Go there, Mr. 1 Gerry, and" contrast; t&eir; wretched estate with Francis Wilson's well paid pickaninies, tht-n ponder on what you have seen, and see if you cannot ftsd work enough in sav ing those poor waifs, apparently by God and man forsaken.. New Year's Day was. less- observed as a visiting day than it has been, for many years past. There were many sociable events of note, one of the most interesting being the introduction into society of Miss Helen Gould. The Goulds, as everybody knows, are not society people, and" Jay Goald, as far as he is personally concerned, does not care a pinch of snuff for McAllister and the four hundred, and since Mrs. Gould's dteath the family have made no special' effort to entertain; this week, however, they broke the ice and Miss Helen was formally pre sented to society. She is a lovely girl; and some day will be one of the richest heiresses in the world, and when the time does come for her to chose a mate I only hope she may be as fortunate as her brother George when he choose sweet Edith Kingdon, then indeed we could well wish her a Happy New Year. 