OLD DRINKING CUSTOMS. In the capital song about Terry O'Rann. who Was a light voting man, Aud from a boy, it was his joy To tipple aud drink,, nnd lovingly irinlt I On the beautiful lasses of Dcrry, we are informed how. whiskey killed him, how ho was buried by the Mayor, A mighty shoemaker; a tailor, a baker, A doctor besides, aud an undertaker To all the live people in Derry. And how Terry's ghost visited the Mayor and complained that his grave was damp, and tho coffin ' a wide deal too narrow ;' how tho mayoral Jack-of-all-trades promised a better grave and coffin, -with tho result that The bottle and glass did merrily pass, They toasted the Queen, sang song* between, until the jovial spirit got excessively drunk, and wont off to seek his ' home ' — which, by tlie way, he nover reached, some 'bhoys' meeting him and carrying him off to an anatomist for dissection. We are not informed whether the two (iranK me roasts on their Knees, as was cus tomary in olden times. Here is an extract from the letter of a lady on the subject : 'According to promise, as soon as we heard of your engagement to Edward, we, too, drank your good healths in all style ; aud that in most earnest solomn wise, bare headed, kneeling down bare-kneed, for we raised our skirts und drew down our stock ings, und so we hope all the many and good things we wished for you will be fulfilled.' \- The custom is often alluded to by Dekker and Shakerly Marmion. We find this chanson in ' Woodstock ' ; Then lot the health go round, around', around, around. Then lot the health go round ; For though your stocking be of silk, Your knee shall kiss the ground. And agaiu in the same work — Let such honours abound . As the time can afford, The knee on the ground, And the hand on tho sword. In the Jacobite song, ' The While Rose O'er the Water ' (Edinburgh, 1744), refer ence ib innue to- cue. present ODServance or atanding while drinking tho health of the Sovereign : Then all leaped up and joined their hands With hearty clasp and greeting,. The brimming cups outstretched by all, Over the wide bowl meeting. 'A health,' thoy cried, ' to the witching eyes Of Iiatc, the landlord's daughter! But don't forget the white, white ios» That grows best over tho water.' Then lints flew up and swords flew out, Aud lusty rung the chorus — 'Never,' thoy; cried, 'while Scots aro Scots, And the broad Frith's before us !' In the life' of the first Lord Exmoutb, by Oslerj mention is made of the father of the admiral giving his children u glass of wine on Sundays, and making thein drink the King's health on tjieir knees. This would be about tho beginning of Gtorgo III.'s roign.' Whyte Melville sings, in his 'Gallants of Engluiid,' Ho ! fill mo a flagon as deep as you please, Ho ! pledge me the health we all drunk on our knees. ; On the 23rd September, 1607, Sir H. Cholmly told Pepys, as the two wended their way to Westminster: ' How merry the King and Duko of York and Cour.t were tho other day when they were ubroad a-hunting ! They came to Sir 0\. Carteret's house, at Cranbourne, and thero were entertained and all made drunk ; aiid being all drunk, Armerer did come to tlio King and swore to him. ' Sir,' says he, 1 you are not so kiud to the Duke of York as late as you used'to be.' 'Not I?' Bays tho King. ' Why so ?' ' Why,' says he, ' if you are, let us drinlt his health.' ' Why, let u«,' says the King. Then he fell on his knees and drank it, and, having done, the King began to driuk it.: ' Nay, sir,' says Armerer, ? you must do it on your knees !' So he did, and then all the company.' SHE KNEW MR TUTSWF.BH She got around the elevator boy so thai by the time she had conversed with him ten minutes she knew the name of overy business man in tlio building. But nobody would have suspected she carried a book in the neat satcliol on lier arm. Pretty? Well, I should say so. Soft, fluffy, blonde bangs, a demure mouth and meek, luminous eyes that jusb looked a follow through and through und melted him with thoir appealing glances. She first . ventured into Grimm's real estate office' and, as she hoped she would, caught Mr. Grimm aloue. He sniffed danger at once. . ;; ' No concert tickots or cook books for me,' he said, waving her away. ?' No, sir ; it's a history- — — ' 'I don't want it. You can't palm off any catch-penny things on me; no old plates bound in half- morocco. I tell, you, young lady, you can't sell me a cest.'s worth. : ' Yes, sir,' said Mrs. Innocence, 'Hesaio you never boughtaiiythiiig.' . Grimm's clmir caine down from its tilt with a bang. : .'He— who ?' 'Tlio gentleman across the way. He said you nover helped a poor, struggling woman, or gavo a mite to the widow' and orphan.' - 'Jim Smiko said that, did ho? What else did lie say, my dear ?' Grimm was becoming affectionate. . ' Ho said you: were an old curmudgeon mid that you never bought a book and took it home to your family, and that he didn'b believo your family could read, anyway.' ! 'The old wrotchi' ? ' And he said— but perhaps I ought not to repeat what ho said.' ; , ' Go on,' said Grimm, 'go on, ib'sgetting interesting. I 'should like to hear what my false friend thinks of ine.' . ' Oh, sir, he said ho didn't believe you eivcr had 2dols. in your pocket at once, and that was why you .would nevor. buy anything as lie did.' K . 'Ha! he said-'that, did he ? And how many copies of your book did ho take him. self?'-'-''' : 'Only one, sir, 'I expect he couldn't jfford more.' 'Pub me down for two conies, and 'o onck and tell him I'm not such a skinflint as ho tries to '.make, me out, and hero's your, money in advance, and call again when von have another book to sell. ' I've beon slandered, basely slandered, by a man I believed to be my friend.'.' ' Tho' young . woman with the appealing eyes went away, and tit noon Grimm and Smike meb at the elevator. Each glared ab the. other. ? ::'So,' said Smiko in aiiateful tone, ,:3'm too stiug'y .to buy a book, am I ? ' ? Grimm started. : 'And my family can't read, hey?' i' Stop !' dried ; Grimm, on whom n broad light was dawning, '.' that was what she told 1110 you said of me.' . 'She?' ' The. book agontj'. :- Yes 1' ' Look; here, ';Gnnim. when1 did you buy yours?' : ? 'AblOa.m.-?'*^ ;i- ' i ? : . 'I'hndn'b seeu'hdr then.' ' ' Both inen looked ' solemn; Then thoy sinileid.. Then : t-hey said, - '-Let's go and have something, ' and peace was . restored. : I'Browksto's has. cured his wife of ev«r» histing tidking.' ? 'Ho told her that' she looked prettier wif!l her mouth closed, and now she.cau hnvdhf I bp induced to uttvr a ^yllubla,' . 