WHOSE FAULT WAS IT? Bv Amy. "Yotj'rk not in earnest, Mr Theodore 7" "Of course I'm in earnest, Delia. You're the prettiest little piece of roses and dimples 1 ever saw. Don't your glass tell yon the same thing? Ten o'clock i Why, where on earth has the time slipped to 7 I ought to have been down town half an hoar ago. It's all your fault, Delia." And Mr Theodore St Volens harried off, chucking Delia Stephens nnder the chin a9 he went by. "I wonder," thought Delia, "if he really loves me. I wonder — " "Delia! Delia! what are you loitering about!" cried a shrill, high-pitched voice. " Ten o'clock, and the poodle not washed, the canaries neglected, and the drawing- room not dusted 7 Really, Delia, I don't know what's come to you of late." "I — I was detained. I am just through here, ma'am, faltered Delia, flashing crimson np to the very roots of her hair as she harried out of the room. Delia Stephens was Mrs St Volens' parlour maid and especial attendant. She had been a milliner's apprentice before the rich lady saw and took a fancy to her, when she — Mrs St Volens — was dictating as to the trimming of a hat. " How much do you get here 7" said Mrs St Volens; and Delia answered meekly: " Only my board, ma'am." " I'll give you £2 a month," said Mrs St. Volens. And Delia Stephens abandoned her trade and came to live with the rich lady. She was a farmer's daughter, and now that she had obtained this fine situation, as it seemed to her, she wrote home a letter of triumph. " I might have stayed out there in , the wilderness all my days," wrote Delia, " and never earned anything more than my board." It was half an hour or so afterwards, ' and Delia was busy fluting some wide Valenciennes lace for her mistress, when Mrs_ St. Volens' shrill voice summoned her np-stairs. And Delia knew from the very accent that something was wrong. Mrs St. Volens stood in the middle of the room as Delia entered it, a red spot on either cheek, and a bit of cardboard in her hand. " Look here, Delia Stephens, " said she. " The housekeeper has just brought this to me — a photograph of my nephew, Theodore 3 She says she found it in yonr room J" Delia turned scarlet, and felt in stinctively in her bosom. "I — I must have dropped it," said she, scarce considering her words. " Then it is yours 7" " Yes," faltered Dells. " How came you by it 7" sternly cate chised Mrs St. Volens. " He gave it to me." " He 7 Who ? " Mr Theodore." Mrs St. Volens' face grew grim and hard as adamant. "Yon are dis charged," said she, turning coldly on her heel. And Delia, stunned and bewildered, went np to her room to pack her few belongings, and think what she should do next. Mr Theodore St. Volens was con siderably surprised that afternoon to see his aunt's maid walk into the down town office. " Little Delia," cried he, clapping a pair of eyeglasses to his eyes. It isn't possible !" " Ye3," said Delia, "it is I. Oh, Mr Theodore, what am I to do 7 Your aunt has dismissed me !" " Dismissed you 3 And why ?"' de manded the young man. I " She — she found your picture in my possession." faltered Delia, beginning to cry. " And a precious fool yon must have been to let her find it," said he, impa tiently, " what else could you expect, Delia 7" " And what am I do now 7" she questioned, piteously. "Do?" repeated Mr St. Volens. "Why, get another situation, to be sure." " How can I, with no references 7 And—" " Now, look here," said Theodore, irritably, " all this is no business of mine. I don't see why should you come here, bothering me /" " No business of yours," vaguely repeated Delia. " Not at all.'" " But it was your fault thatil lost the place." " My fault !" echoed Mr Theodore, with a strident laugh. " My fault, because I just told yon what a pretty little thing yon are, and Aunt Anas- tasia got mad with jealousy and spite Come, that is a little too good." " But — but — " hesitated Delia, with a deadly chill settling around her heart, " didn't yon mean anything all the time 7" " Mean 3 No ; what should I mean 7 Really. Delia, this is becoming annoy ing. Now yon are crying again 3 Oh, confound it all !" " You need not go, Mr St. Volens," said Delia, with what dignity she could command. " I shall rid yon of my presence at onee. Excuse me for making such a mistake«as to suppose you were an honourable gentleman." Mr St. Volens winced » little ainder the catting irony of her wordsas she walked out of the office, .and went to Mademoiselle Ferramiere, the Naillmer. " Perhaps," thought Delia, " she. will take me on again. For I can't starve." But Mrs St. Volens; as sherflisfeovered to her, grief, had been-Jbgfprehand with her. Mademoiselle Fertomiere rolled up her eyes. " She was sorry for Miss Stephens — bnt really it was an improper thing to be making eyes at her mistress's nephew. And she couldn't . afford to Jose ^cus tomer like Madame fit. Volens — and, besides, she had the characters of her young women to look to, and — " But Delia, who was as innocent of any gnilty thought or deed as a white dove, tnrned away with a shudder. "Do — do they think I have done anything wrong 7" she asked herself. " Oh ! has it come to this 3" Delia went home to the little brown farm-house in the country — but even there a letter from the indignant Mrs St. Volens had preceded her. Her father met her with cold, averted eyes — her mother burst into tears. " Oh, Delia, to think that you should come home so 3 And we all thought your fortune was made 3" " You're welcome to stay for a night or two, Delia," said Mr Stephens, coldly ; but after the way in which yon have treated your confiding mistress — " " Father," burst out Delia, " what have they been telling you 7" " Facts speak for themselves," said the old man, grimly. In the middle of the night, Delia came to her mother's bedside, looking as white as a ghost. " Dear me, child," said Mrs Stephens, half asleep, " what is the matter 7" " Mother," said Delia, " where is your laudanum bottle 7 I've got such a dreadful toothache 3" " It's on the clock- shelf," said Mrs Stephens, drowsily. In the morning Delia was fonnd dead among her pillows. Dead and cold. And the shocked parents never knew whether it was an overdose of laudannm or a deliberate act of suicide that opened the gates of another world to their stricken child. However, she was beyond all criticism or carping now, thank Heaven ! 