STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. ANOTHER GIDDY GAIETY CO. Italian Opera Co. New Notions—" The Solicitor No Money No Wash— The Royal Reunion. There is some talk of the importation of a new Gaiety lot, in fact George Edwardes' second set, of which Arthur Roberts and Miss St. John (the lady, you know, who never— absolutely never— uses a big D) arc, it is said, to be tho bright particular lumi naries. To Mr. George Coppin is credited the enterprise of bringing those people out, but we happen to know, on very excellent authority, that George C. has done nothing as yot in the direction indicated. Not that he wouldn't deserve, the fullest support of tho public if he did so speculate, for mark these words — aud those who know tiie comoaiun win concur — ivonerts wuuiu bo one of tho biggest successes that ever trod an Australian stage. And, besides, with Murius in the country as Mrs! Bcore's stage manager, Miss St. John's presence here might be tho cause of no end of sensa tional developments. Why, a special rehearing of that famous trial might be arranged and announeed for production at the Queen's Theatre, King- street, "with all tho original effects," in cluding a young gentleman friend of tho family, specially engaged for the revival. What a throw in for the newspapers. But there, you don't know half tho fun we're going to have within the next 12 months. The last six representations of "The Forty Thieves " will be commenced at tho Theatre Royal to-nignt. When it is con sidered that this magnificent production has lasted solidly through six weeks of crowded business, and is at present as soundly popu lar as ever, some adequate notion will be formed of the gratifying recognition that lias been made of Mr. Musgrove's enter prise. If there should happen to be anyone amongst the readers of this column who has not yet seen -'Tho Forty Thieves," our advice is to hurry along lest when it is too late there should be lamentation and woe. As announced under this heading last week, the Italian Opera Company will, on this night week, commence a four weeks' season at the Theatre Royal with Verdi's popular " Ernani," in which tho title role will be sustained by Signer Guiseppe Vilalta, and tho Elvira will be Signorina Emilia Guidotti. " Ernani " will be played on the Saturday, Monday and Wednesday, and "Lucia" on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, thus affording op portunities for the appearance of the double company, each member of which is spoken of as an artist of high attainment. Mr. William Hughes will manage the season, witu oar. ueorge Alien as nis trusty lieu tenant. Tho repertoire of the company comprises besides tho works mentioned " Un Ballo," " Les Huguenots," "Martha," "II Trova- tore," "Rigoletto," "Norma," "II Bar- biere," "Faust," "La Sonnambula" and "Lucrezia Borgia." a rich store, in good sooth. Among the top Balary-earners of the English music hall stage who havo deter mined to try their fortune intho Australian market is Miss Marie Loftus, who will bo remembored especially by concert hall fre quenters of the North Countrie. It was this talented lady who first made the schoolgirl line of busiucss so popular with her well remembered song, "I'm so shy," and it is tho same lady who recently made a great bit with "That is love," the song which Mr. Harry Cogill sang at Miss Stringham's matinee yesterday, and which his br'er Charles so cleverly parodied. Miss Loftus, who is an attractive and particularly clever artiste, will be accompanied by Mr. Ben Brown — locally-known in connection With Brown, Newland and Wallaco. It is likely that these people will arrive in about 10 months' timo. Highly satisfactory business has been done during the week at tho Criterion Theatre with "Uueles and Aunts," which broadly amusing comedy, admirably presented by Mr. Brough's company, has made a legiti mate hit. In consequence of arrangements made for the production of a round of new pieces the present bill will havo to be with drawn at an early date, which may be taken as a broad hint by those who haven't seen it yet. Next, please. And this time Darnley's comedy, " Tho Solicitor," of which tho British samplers thought so highly. The piece will be produced with the usual strong cast next Saturday evening. Mr. Brongh has, it is said, a splendid part in the title role, and other members of the com pany will be well placed. Mr. Churchward, the firm's clover young artist, is in Sydney especially to paint for the season of novel ties, and nt present ho has canvas for " Tho Solicitor " on tlie frame. This may bo new to somebody. Not long ago a Gorman violoncellist was engaged to play in the orchestra of a minstrel show- in this city, and he, like tho rest of the band, had to "black up." A couple of weeks passed, and the ghost became slack and slow in his pet ambulations, and our Gorman friend became uneasy. Severul times he mado application to tho "governor" for tiis salary, but ho was always met with tho stereotyped assurance that it would " be ull right in a day or so." At last, after an oofless three weeks, he determined on a desperate coarse of action. He went to his room as usual at night and blacked up. Then he walked with a firm, unfalter ing Btep to the manager's office, knocked, entered and said, "Vol, now, are you going to gif me my schrew — dot's all 1 vant to know?" "Oh, it'll be all— — ," began the manager. : " Veil, now, look here," said the musician triumphantly, " auf you doan gif me dot money you best look ouad, for I be — — if I vosh off till I get it." In his production of the American play, "Forty- nine," Mr. Rignold has evidently gauged the taste of his patrons to u nicety, and us a result a highly satisfactory week's business has to bo recorded. The present programme will extend over another week, and on the night of next Saturday "Faust," with all the original wonders of mechanism, &e.;, will be turned on for a brief run. Meanwhile those who have a liking for a play of homely sentiment, not without an element of excitement, should see " Forty- nine." Other revivals may take place before Easter. And writing the word Easter serves to remind that the Rignolds and Co. will leave this city about that time to nil a nine weeks season in Adelaide, of which season "In the Ranks," which the South Australians havo not yet seen, may be the opening piece. "Now-a-Days" aud other new ones will bo sprung on them during tho visit, and " Brother Bill" will make his debut in the city of churches. During the absence of tho stock manage ment the Pitt and Market strcots house will bo tenanted, we aro told, by Miss Billio Barlow and a burlesque lot, with "Jack Sheppitrd" and a dear old Royce-terer as Blueskin. Mind this is more "ong dee" than anything else ; but that is what they say who ought to know. By last night's express Mr. Louis J. Lohr, the well-known manager, left Sydney for Melbourne, to take up the work in con nection witli the forthcoming season of the new Empire Company, at the Melbourne Opera House. Both Air. Musgrove and Mr. Emery are to be congratulated on having retained the services of such an able and popular representative. Mr. Emery will go to Melbourne on Monday, and the people — — Well, that it is to say the Cragg family, Mdllo. Noel, Miss Deuring, " The Fairy Four," Mr. Mason and Mr. Gribben will leave per boat late at night on Feb ruary 12. Business, it is pleasaut to note, has re vived considerably at the Garrick, whero clever John F. Sheridan and his talented company have been giving as enjoyable an entertainment as any reasonable plrygoor could desire. " Bridget O'Brien, Esq.," in her new garb, is bright, witty, tuneful, and a spectacle of tasteful beauty, and in every re spect au entertainment well worthy the warmest support of those who Beek healthy, hearty amusement. Mr. F. B. Norton, after a successful season of management with Mr. Sheridau, secedes to-night to undertake other impor tant work that claims his able attention. " Look here !" said the sidewalk comedian tho other night as he called for a " gin biff" at Walsh's, "Can you tell me which theatre in Sydney is tho most suitable for the patro nage of magistrates?" After the usual dreary interval of silence, he, a3 usual, re plied himselt, "Hor Majesty's, for whilo ttiey have " Forty Thieves" at the Royal, Mr. Rignold's house has " Forty-nine." N.13. — Permission to use this joke must be obtained from Mr. Frank Emery, who has purchased all colonial rights in conjunction with Mr. George Rignold. The annual distribution of prizes in con nection with the picnio held by the working staff of the Theatre Royal took place on the stage of that honse after the performance on last Alonday night. It has been our custom for Bome years past to be present on those occasions, and in response to the usual invitation we joined tho company on Alonday last. Most of tho faces we had noticed 12 months ago were again present, and so from that, fact and others wo rightly gleaned that tho family which works so well "behind" at Air. MuBgrove's house is still — as it has ever been— a happy and contented one. In accordance with an established custom Mr. G. L. Goodman occupied the chair, and after a substantial supper had been removed to places of safety that gentleman pro ceeded to distribute somo 50 or GO very handsome prizes, a function in which ne was assisted by Air. Frank Emery. Then, of course, there were songs nnd other demon strations of exuberance, a popular representative of a highly erepcctable daily moving his audience to tears by an intensely pathetic rendering of "Hope told a flattering talc." Somo time after midnight (there is no necessity to bo accurate as to the exact hour) the compnny, with three hearty cheers for overybody on top of the eartli nnd most of those under it, over it and round it, took a last regretful look at the wreck and went homo. Ono of the victims to influenza within the last 10 days has been Air. William J. Lnr- mour, of the Coogcc Aquarium, who has been confined to his bed for the la9t week with a sharp attack of the malady named. His numerous friends will lcaru with plea sure that ho is up and ubout again, and will in a day or so regain his usual form, Thoso who so kindly took practical in terest in tho benefit to Aliss, Sadie String- ham will bo gratified to know that tho occasion of yesterday afternoon was in every respect a completely successful one, AU tho professionals in town who were . ablo to do so lent "primrose most appetising. valuablo and willing assistance, with the result that the programme; lasting from 2 until 5 o'clock, was an admirable one in every item. Mr. Gourlay's burlesque imita tion of Aldlle. Armando. Noel was one of the funniest turns in the bill, whilst tho co-operation of 30 or 40 other members of tho profession served to make the programmo a particularly strong one. To come to tho financial result of the movement, it will be learned with pleasure that tho beneficiaire wilLprobably be £1(J0 better off when everything is squared up. We rise to return a hearty vote of thanks to the committee of manage- nipnt. Air. Emery will respond, please. Yesterday afternoon Dr. Alfred Burne, president of tho Cosmopolitan Club, enter tained at Iunohoon tho members of tho Cragg family, whose inimitable performance is tho big feature of tho Theatre Royal panto- mimo, Tho party was select, and so, indeed, was the fare. There was no formality, and the only joke was mado by the host, who has since called upon us and induced us not to publish it. The many friends and ad- Myras— wo mean, of course, admirers — of Miss Myra Kemblo will bo interested to know that she will commence another long tour on Febru ary 20 at Launceston, Hobart to follow, and then on to Now Zea land, opening in Dunedin on St. Patrick's Night, begob, and finishing in Auckland towards the end .of Alay. A strong company has been engaged for the trip, including Messrs. Edwin Kelly, Edwin Lester, H. Diver, J. J. Walshe, E. Leonard, Alesdames Nellie Lyons, Ada Lee, Maggie Corcoran ar.d others. Repertoire, "Dr. Bill" ancl "Jane." Mr. Joe St. Clair will go ahead to break it gently to the natives, and as he knows his busiuoss thoroughly his share of tho contract is cor tain to be well performed. J JThe attention of concert-goers is directed to me reaiiy nrst-ciass programmo which the mauagcincnt of the Misses Albu's con certs offer their patrons at tho Garrick to morrow night. In addition to tho already strong aggregation of talent other artistes ot high repute havo been retained. It is notified by the Town Hall authorities that owing to the unfortunate indisposition of AI. Wicgand, tho city organist, no re cital will be given to-night. Further an nouncement will bo made. Anothor reusational change is what Air, Dan l'raoey announces in connection with his live show ut the School of Arts. His salary list now includes the very best selection of available variety talent in this country, and having very wisely made ar rangements with the management of the Gaiety Theatre, Alelbourne, he is now in a position to tarn on a perpetual stream of new people. To-night the new programme will be of more than usual excellence, Mr. Frank Smith's tiptop entertainment, with its beautiful now setting, lias, during the week, drawn crowded audiences to the Alhambra. Although his company as it now stands is a remarkably strong one, tho hustliug proprietor promises new artistes for tho entertainment of his patrons at an early date. Botany will offer tho usual attractions this afternoon. The getback railway is i right on the job as of old. ! /-. , - " : ;ii i.„ Voucuiia aimruuuu uuu uvuuiu »wi uu given at Chowder .Bay to-morrow, and thither steamers will run at frequent in tervals, The Federation Hall was well filled on Tuesday evening, February 2, by tho mem bers of the Catholic Young Men's Associa tion and their friends, in order to while away a few hours per medium of music and smoke. Amongst thoso present were many prominent members of various rowing, cricket and football clubs. Proceed ings opened with a pianoforte duet by Messrs. Norton and Ingham, followed by tho "Villago Blacksmith," sung in fine, style by Mr. Fitzgerald. Air. Clancy then gave a comic, " Whero did you get that hat ?" A squad from the gymnastic class of the association then executed the dumb-bell drill to music in their usual fault less style. Air. Fitzpatrick was in good voico and did justice to "Good-bye, Alavourncen." Variety, in the shape of amateur boxing, was supplied by Alessrs. A. Sullivan and VY. Bay- Ion, who put in four hard hitting scientific rounds. Mr. Swindells was quite up to his reputation with his ren- dition of " Tho Arab s tarewell to his steed. An exhibition of Indian club- swingiug by Air. Bremner, from H.A1.S. Orlando, was loudly applauded, after which Mr. Hazel let the audience know, in his usual inimitable style, how Bill Adams won the battle of Waterloo: The first part was concluded by Mr. F. Dick, who sang "Queen of the earth " as it is seldom sung. Mr. M. Fitz gerald opened the second part with " Ply mouth Sound," followed by Air. O'Connor'B comic "Xipperary christening." Mr. Swindells' fine voice filled the hall with t-he " Gallants of England," after which two of tho gal lants, viz., Air. J. O'Neil (amateur) and young Segay (pro.) donned the mittens for throe merry rounds. Air. Joe Mather re cited " Tho lifeboat," and was followed by the gymnastic squad of tho association, who went through their intricate evolutions of Indian club drill to music in cupital style. Tho tobacco having given our, and the "church-wardens " all broken, the company sang "Auld lang syne" and got home. Air. Arthur Gordon desires tcv announce that on the 8.8. AInthca, starting from No. 4\. Jetty, Circular Quay, at 3 p.m. and 8 p.m. on Sunday, tho following artistes will appear : — Air Harry Delmore, realistic singer (first appearance in Australia) ; Aliss Alma Obrcy, serio-comic ; Mr. Bob Baxter, lion comique; Mr. Arthur Hulme, baritone ; Aliss Kate Towers, soprano. Air. Arthur rihPflnn nnrl t,hi» Klitfi Rami of 1:1 soloists will also assist. Tho roturn fares are reduced to Is., the concerts being free. Under these highly favorable conditions these particu larly enjoyable trips should for tho re mainder of tho summer attract large crowds. Air. Arthur Gordon is ever in attendance to look after his patrons and make them com fortable. Mr. Larmour being happily able to get about again has prepared a capital bill for to-morrow. Prominent amongst thoso en gaged is Aliss Sadie Stringhain, the Ameri can actress who took a ben. at tho Criterion yesterday. 