SAD SEQUEL TO A CHALLENGE. | Whex tho Crimea was occupied allied armies many of tho wealthieijKn/)a5 ' tants abandoned their homes, taking viinjt- them all tlmy could conveniently remove of1 their houaehold goods. Among tho houses thus left empty there was an ancient and gloomy edifice which stood at a considerable distance from the British intrenchinents. This tiouso bad ncquired an evil reputation long beforo tho outbreak of tho war. Tlie peusnntry (firmly believed that it was haunted by the ghost of a person murdered within it many years oe.rore, nnu row in (.nun. '-'-1 its walls oven during the day. It had been inhabited by an old limn, who was its owner nnd by a few attached servants nearly as old as himself. It was now deserted by every ono, The story of tho ghost bccauio known to several British officers, who some times mnde merry over it round their hut fires in the long dark nights of winter. On ono of these occasions twn young officers of different regiments, but great personal friends, wcro loud in their mirthful clinfl, at the oxpanso of ono of their comrades present, who doclurcd that ho would not ndmit that tho oxistonco of . gliosis was nn nhsolute impossibility. Their friend replied that it was ull very well to In noli nK nlineii ennr-f rns nttrl nnnnritifina when iu tho midst of blithe companions enjoying their ChriBtiuas fare, but would they venture this wager with Mm 1 Would they veaturo to keep watch nnd ward, in that old castle nlono togcthor for a single night ) The wager was at onco accopted by thn light-hearted young men, and was carried into effect within a fow days. They were accompanied to their place by several of their friends. They did not fail to take with them a good supply of creuturo comforts, and a cheerful fire soon blazed in tho room which tlmy fixed on as their quarters for the night. Rut first; while daylight lasted, they mnde, with their comrades, n thorough inspection of the dreary old castle. Tlicy found it contained i marry distunl looking raoms, most of which > woro totally empty, whilst in others thero ' still remained some articles of old mouldy ' furniture. There was free ' admission to every room nnd chamber, until they (lis- >At>ft'wl il itithlorrnttoiin i-nnlt tuliinli Inntrofl ami smelt like a clmrnel house. Thn heavy door of this dungeon was doubly secured, as besides the huge lock, a heavy padlock and chain worn stretched ncross. Lock and chain were alike covered with rust, and tho door, which they could not force, had evidently not been opened far mnny a long day. Satisfied upon tho whole with their search, their friends took leave of them, wishing them joy of their night's entertain ment. Therefore, the two young officers made themselves ub comfortable ns they could. They piled fuel on tho fire, ate a good supper, nml dinnk a bumper to tho health of ' All good ghosts.' Ultimately they prepared to go to Bleep, wrapping themselves in their clonks, and laying their drawn swords near tliein,- ns" they agreed that if any ono disturbed them < it was sure to ue something ot mortal mould, and not nu unsubstantial spirit, It was sheir intention that they should watch and sleep by turns, but, fatigued by n long day's work, both officers ultimately fell asleep. At somn time of the night one of them gradually awoke, feeling certnin ho heard noises in the Castle, lie sat up and listened intently. Tlie (ire had all but burned out, nnd the room was very dimly lighted. He was now absolutely suro thnt he heard sounds of holts lining drawn nnd chnitiB rattled. Presently ho iicard footsteps ascending the staircase, nnd soon the door of the room wns pushed open, and tho form fif ft nlfl tnnn ttnnrl httss Tim eyes of t lie apparition wcro fixed intently upon his, and with a stern expression nnd a commanding motion of the arm, tho figure beckoned him to follow. Mo felt impelled, ns if by a mesmeric influence, to obey, and lie did so without uttering a word. Slowly l lie figure led the wny downwards till they reached the subterranean vnult, tlio door of wlllL'lt nr.W Ktnnfl wSrln rmn.s rKo/sWtrs. t Ilis view certain skulls and bones. The figure now spoke, nnd, in a tono of iiieiiace, Haiti, 1 Enter, you have como to bo my guest, and this is the chamber. prepared for you.' 'Hie young man started hack, nnd would hnvo rushed away but tlio figure sprang in front of him, and drawing at the sumo time a sword from under his mnntlo, assumed a threatening attitude. The young officer, in nn agony of excitement and agitntion, mndo one furious thrust at "tlio fearful figure before liiiu. ifo struck only too truly. There wns a scream nnd a fall, nnd to his horror he found lie had driven bis sword, through tlio heart of his frioad, who liiy' dead at his feet iu tlio room which neither of them laid ever left. 