THE HEIGHT OF FOLLY. By JUDITHr SPENCER. 'But itls perfectly ridiculous, John; the most unreasonable thing I ever heard of, and she hasn't an excuse to offer for refusing him' .-. a ` Only the .uliimportant one - hardly worth mentioning-that-ehe dosen't love him.' ' Ridiculous ! What more does she want ? He is o immensely rich, and she should not throw away such a chance for an absurd idea.' a ' Oh, but wait a little, Molly ; I never heard you confess that you did anything so absurd when you refused Dick Van Wyck, though all the family were set upon your marrying him--for this self-same ridiculous reason.' a ' How can you talk so John !' And the pretty a matron became more flushed than ever. ' That was r an entirely different thing; I was not dependent, ' and I knew that you were more in love with me than poor Dick was ; bunt Helen has really no other i prospect9. and-dear me I how I have planned and i worked to bring this about, and now the foolish girl -' ..... * Hereshe comes,' said her husband in a warning voice. Helen entered the room looking so cool and fresh C that she formed a pleasant contrast to her sister, who was flushed and heated over the subject which i her entrance had interrupted. Molly, rattled the-coffee cups and John rustled the a paper, while Helen looked from one to the other , with an amused smile. : 'Go on, Molly, don't mind me I' Molly made no answer. ' I know what you were saying: come, let usno finish the subject now and. forever. You are still angry with me for not doing as you wish, and John was defending me in. his nausual lazy way. Thank you, John,_ for not believing that the absent are always wrong.' i ' Helen, listen to reason and talk sense I' im- P plored:her sister. - ',.Do you realise what you have t done, you foolish girl r - ' Oh, yes ; I have said * No, thank you' to a I most astonishing offer of marriage, and have there by ruffled my dear little sister's usually serene temper.' ' But, Helen, Mr Dane has done you the great? -s honour in asking you to be his wife.' ' An honour which I respectfully declined.' ' He has offered you all that a girl could wish foreign travel, a beautiful home, fine horses, jewels, untold, wealth.' u 'And he is old enough to be my grandfather ! I m' riot to be bought even at such a price.' '.But you accepted his attentions. 'Never dreaming that they were attentions I WhenI .drove with him,; walked with him, and wore his flowers, it was because- you said he was John's friend-; but I should as soon think of marry- 1 ing John's father ! Molly dear, why do you urge 1 such a thing ?.1 have no idea : of becoming an old man's darline--or any. man's darling, for that matter- and if you and John want to get rid of me 1 Lwill relihee.you of thebiirden insome.- other way ; but marry for money-never 1' She had raised from the table, and an indignant flush tinged her usually placid face. Molly was rather ashamed and- John felt decidely mean and uncomfortable, and they both hastened to assure her that they had only thought of her welfare in the matter, and they -would consider the subject now as finally settled, but she must never dream of leaving them-they would not allow it.. Peace being iestored, they then fell to discussing their plans -for the immediate future, for on the following day John and Molly were to btartona trip of business and _ leasure combined, while Helen was going to &visit; her co?nin Jane, ii& a' 'distant town. But the breakfast Was hardly over when the post man came with the morning's mail, and in it was a letter which quite upset all of Helen's plans. : Foin'm'Couin Jane; and she 'writes-' Don't let Helen come on any account; the children have \- carlet'fever, light cases, but I would not have her rup the risk. I shall expect her to come next winterinitead.'' Molly looked very blank, Helen laughed, and John said, ' My dear, then you shall -come with us.' SYou-dear old John ! But I shall do nothing of the kind 1 I- will stay right here where Iham, and do quantities of reading and practising. and 'have plenty of time to repent me of my sins.' ' But there will be no one in the house but you and --the servant; won't-you be afraid ' mildly remonstrated Molly. . ' Not the least in the world-it is a delightful plan, 'ind though I am sorry the children are sick;,I would really much rather be here than -there unless I could make myself of use. :.But you know how' .. ofslyC'unseisanesisland she is iot as afrid of my . etii?gk;l- i ere~~ re s h i ?thIti will take. some of the nursing and petting offherhanddT.' - i S.:The ;flext morning John-and Molly started off, after giving Helen a hundred directions about what ohe was to d during.their absence, at, 'hich she laughed merrily when they were really gone.i She busneied -herself tbout the hbunse'for2 awhile, ,and then eat down at the piano:to practise, wheire \- -eiehe-wasfidally-interraptedby the cook,. who came in to get directions for dinner. 'The but~ber don't come till to- morrow, and there's nothing at'hll ,n \- thu house; Misb, beta bit of livei and bacbn.' - S-.AThat will:do beautifiilly, Susan, I am not at all particular; and you can give me a dish of straw beris forde4eit-; there are still plenty of straw .berrie? i-.the garden.?'., 'Plenty, Miss i andor tea' . -'Oh, bread:and cheese and '--she was going to -. iusu?--but suddenly recllecting herself she sub mtituted strawberries' as more :?cmirehensible an-i in accod.:with her ncw dignity of house . keeper. -0 - ' And for breakfast, Miss P' - : Bread -and- 'eff.e-and strawberries, Susan,'and HRlen, deep in her arpajgios, failed to notice the w 'min'i significant .sniff-of disapproval at this \- limjte-..bill of fare.. " - .. Eb"hefirst 'das?'i3ss and So- alsoithe) aecJnd; -.hut :on the.third day-after~ eceiving her orders tIr?e-cook rebeled:.-- - . " Ii'airind 1,a?n" the first -d i, Miss' stewed. kitrieys tlhe ??ond;- andeswepthteads thel hird*' (sw- !tbre. ds were an unapipreciated.blec si ~ig tits ..Icdtjii-'except amontg t f??e-ifid tiMerefore were T1:.,:ti't- q,,a chat~.)~Af -,stuinhiick in't stand SIelen listened calmly to this outburst, though e ,?withiiiiardaniusemeit. She knew that Molly did ,-f ,not like the brnonan and intended.to.send her away Ij as' son as bhe returned, and"here was a g'ood op-, i -'portunity to save her that trouble, so she only saidtri quietly, 'Ver` well, Susan, you can obey my orders -or ~, suit -yourself.'- . • ' I'll leave to-morrer ?' Susan announced wrath- , fully? fully ??ipeting' that before to-morrow camep.~ she would be urged to stay, and would from' that time be able to rule over the young mistress as sb'e liked. -But she was mistaken, for that day. Helen iV went to town and succeeded in engaging someone : to take her place. . 1 ' So -Susan departed the next morning in high.-' dudgeon, and'Helen looked forward to spending'the. day-entirely ai,mne,' for the new servant was "not i coming until towards nighlt. 1 She sanig blithely.'as she worked around the bone, and then by"and-bye she went out to hebr favourite i corner of the vine-covered porch, and sat down with I an-interesting book' . 'I Sft?r awhile ?she Heard' the sound of a hore:e.?. coming at breakneck' speed, and glancing through t the clustering vines she saw an unmanageable horse i tearing down the road.' The fair 'young rider was stinging bravely to the' saddle-her hat was ' gone and her golden hair was floating wildly out I behind her. At that moment the horse slipped on a rolling stone and 'fell headlong, throwing his ridhrover' his had f and against a tree, then:recovering himself with a' roll and a scramble'he dasbed -on-leaving the girl ' lying still and white by the roadside.? -?- ' " Helen was beside her in an instant, and at that a same moment a young mian rode up at full gallop,' They lifted the insensible girl anid carried her' into the house, laying her upon, Helen's bed. ' Lose no I time.; bring the doctor. quick,'she said to him. 1 'But we are strangers. Where can s. doctor be found !' . . . i i She'-ave him hasty diectione; and he. rode o at a full speed. It seemed an endless time before;aaeistance came, and yet it really was not long. The village doctor had been out on his daily; rounds--no.:one knew where-and so his son, who was at home on a visit,. ' a came in his stead; but" the young physieian was a : skilful surgeon, and Helen had confidence in. him;: fromt the moment be entered the room, :; TbTieSoung-: i man- on horseback accompanied him, ,but he only a stopped'for'ai initant-t6 see how tlhe aiifeer 'was,- I an then rode on to :bring, the young girl's mother i i from the neighbouring town. i ' Ishall need help;,' the doctor .said.' -] ' I will do whatever you tell me,' said Helen. He glanced at her pale; resolute face, and its firm .i expression pleasedihim.. - ' But here are broken bones, he said, "' and it will 1 be painful-you had better go; and send me some older, more experienced person.' 'There is no one else in the house ; trust me and show me what to do.' It was a terrible ordeal ; but Helen kept herself under strict control and the young doctor marvelled at her firmness and hbeg delicate touch as she helped':' him so steadily and-well. But when it was all ovea i and the patient quite comfortable and quiet, Helen - slipped away, and when the doctor came out of the room to look for her, he found her on the stairs . with her face hidden in her hands. .. He gave her some drops he . had- poured out for her. ' You have helped me bravely-you are a. born nurse,' he said. .: " She was trembling and herself again, and ready I to meet Mrs Baxter, the young girls mother, who soon arrived, and whose fears had in a measure to C be quieted before she could be trusted to go to her daughter. 1 Then Helen slipped away to the kitchen to pre pare a "dinerof some sort for her unexpected guests. She had just finished fixing the fire when the door opened and in walked the doctor. ' I thought I 3 shouldfind you here,' he said, ' and I have come to, see in what way I can le of use.' - . Her remonstrances were of no avail. ' You helped me-and I should be less than a man if I did not pay my debts,' ' I wish yonwouldu't. lunt if you wili-T really want lettuce and strawberries from the garden. ' Give me a baskets-l'll get, them.' . And fihezn IDr. 'Robert'- Headley wonen out and. picked strawberries as if 'his life' depended' upon' getting the greatest number in the shortest possible time, while he laughed to him self at his sudden change of profession ; and as Helen, busy -.in the kithheinz,:cauht sight of him there, and- thought of the strange'thinga that had befallen her during the 3 pautthree days, she said-' What will happen next, I wonder !' ..... - Fortunately the new cook came in time to get the supper, and after a day or two of irritating mistakes I she d1v.l6ped into"' a perfect tresurmre.' Helen insisted upon sharing with Mrs Baxter the case of.the invalid, and Alice was always patient and lovable.: - - • At first Dr. Headley was there almost. nightandud day.: Hisfathber-came at MrsBaxter's request, and approved of the treatm'ent, and'thedn the casei was left entirely with his son. It was many days before all danger was past, and during that time poor Tom Baxter haunted the house like an uneasy ghost. For some ireseon he blamed-himself for the accident to his prettypcousin, and he rode over every day to bring her offering of fruit and flowers, and then-would.hang around the place in a disconsolate way- until Helen took pity on himr and came down to give him the very latest news. And wh-n one day'she came toehiinm.ith finger on her smiling lips, and whispered, 'She' is sleeping, and the doctor .ssyse all danger is' passed,' Tom caught her hands and kissed them, :while the tears came in the honest fellow's eyes as he -whispered, 'Thank God, and you, for such good :news att" last!' " ' - Then came the long, alow days of convalescence, I when Helen and Alice becameliki sisters, and Mrs' Baxter called them ' my two dear daughters' in her sweet, motherly way. Then the doctor's visits greW less frequent and Tom Baxter no longer rode over every -morning to make anxious inquiries about his cousin, but often after tea he came in his neat dog-cart. and Helen would come down with smiling face, and after waving a good-bye to Mrs Baxter, they- would go bowling offalong the level roads that stretched out for miles on every side. - And when they returned in the soft summer twilight she would go at once to. Alice's roop and, kneeling by her at the bedside,; givd.hbrthe messages that-he ha~d/ent, and thes;. half smiling and half sighing, the sick,,girl would' murmur, '-Dear old Tome ' --- , At last the doctor pronouniced his patient strong enough. to bear r'e'mboval, and the day for their departurehad come. - \--The' cmfortable travelling carriage was before the? door, Alicewas dressed for the journey, and the doctor and'Iom were.waiting:"to:: carry her down stairs, while Mrs Baxter was saying the last few words to Helen. -' - - S-Mrs- Baxter kissed -her- tenderly. -'-We must arrange to see 'you often in the future, nmy, de'ai decond daughter,' she- said. ;And then they giathered uptbe shawl and pillows and went down:to pre -.pare:. zthe earringe~ :while the -doctor -and Tom bronught Alice dodwn. When she :was comfortably "settliae,;and theIgo6ddd-byes were said Tom tiurned back, and talring.felen'sJahand again he.pressed it gratefully., 'I' not good- bye really, for I shall be I over to-nmgh~t t tllyoid ho*r Alice has stood the' I journey.' ' Oh, Is allib?fso-glad to"hiar,' said Helen. ;c nThengthe:carriage rolled away while they-stood waitliiing it ot'of sight. As it disaeiear~d; in the distance, helen. turned with asigh,. -. ' '- i. Dr. Headley -ias looking at her, and lisaw that her eyes 'ere full of tears, Ilt is fopish,' she said, Swith a little liagh, 'butIahll feel.' so lonely now that they bave-gone.'. The doctor held.out hishand. ', .too, mnust say good- bye,' hea said in a strange, ne; i toe. ' I hiavre overs?yyd my tise by many i~eeki s1"nt I felt I could not go untifL?my little patient was well. Now -Ihave no longer any excuse to stay.' o u.~ooo.--said-Helen elowly._She.haturnod her face away and..was watching a boy who was coining up the r'tao ??' I did ?hot think that you would go-so soon;. -." , " 'The boy vaulted the fence arid r-n i the path-to aLere they were standing. HBe held 6ut a telegram, i and 'Helen tore it? open aind read- :' [ hdme'±onight.-- Johcs.'" . . \- Th' 'were' sittingR aromund ?the 'breakfast table ga~i,~ ohn and Molly and Helesi'; ad' everything \- that h?ad haipnd lehnee they last sat together here ' "Ied li~en talked over and over again. Their rip, e to!whidh that accident hid gigqpy~Le.e.; "\AS the d| wonderfulclock apd bty.gs;eqwbjeha had om ff?m '-?M'.,, y; ...?1, - ifnl letter from Mrs ,Baxtr; fu ?l •~ ~~~~~~~~ . _/ . :. . "-. . ".. , . ''. ·1....") " . , extended to them thdugh HSeln,iand which she -felt could-never he repaid..-. And the beautiful jewelled ringfor,.'Help,,jusnt such as Alicer had J ,rF; and the urgent invitation, for i her, to go to rEropg~,with ithem,: as , their guest,: the following. winter. - It's like a chapter out of' The Arabian Nights,' quoth Molly. 'It's like a fairy story, and I .can jhardly'take it all in, eih yet' - ' And I have the finishing chapter to add to the story. It's very sudden but-bnt-I'm-going to be ,married !' . . - ' ' ..To:Tom Baxter.-.? Oh, you-dear, dear girl ' and -Molly jumped up and threw her. arms around her sisters'se'neck. stk it ' Ob,:Molly, wait l You, are; quite mistaken ; it isn't Tom Baxter. :at all, but it's- it's Robert' Headley.'.. ' in. s ae *The doctor I'.exclaimed Molly in such a tone of mingled disappointment and amazement that John felt a strong desire to laugh. . SOur old doctor's son I' he exclaimed. A fine .fellow, I have always beard. But,"little sister, you take aiway our breath' with the suddenness of the thing.' ' Helen. it's out of the question I' broke in Molly. ` Why, he hasn't even a practice yet--he 'can't support you. - 'But he is going where he has the prospect of a fine practice-in time,' said Helen, with a- delicate afish tinging her pretty face, ' and as he is going' so soon, :I--- '- 'Of course, I-see ; you wanted to tell us at once. He isrgoing out there to see what he can db, and if at the end of a year he finds he can support a- wife iroperly, he-will come back for you, and then-' ' Oh, no,:Molly, not at all I We have decided to be married in three weeks, and I am going with him. We want to:begin life side by side.' -' Helen, are you crazy ? To go into the wilderness in, ch 'aýay I Why, you can't even get servants out there half the time. I've heard: ": Now, suppose you should get stranded-a bride, wthout anyone even to cookla-dinner for you-`whatwould you do, I'dlike to, know '. A vision of a man in his shirt sleeves broiling steak-and'frying potatoes,' while i young girl beside him prepared lettuce and strawberries -for .an--im -promptu dinner six weeks before, passed through her miind -and: provoked a merry. smile as 'she answered, gaily,' Then Roberand -I' will cook. it for 'ourisefvee.' \- "Helen is right,',said i John. '.Head and-' heart in the, 'right plae.e and" I congratulate Robert Headley'on~his choice.' : *' Why,-John, it's the height of folly,' and poor Molly eighed piofoundly. But Helen smiled. ' Don't call it folly, for it will be the height of happiness." 