Bar Parlour Heeltaps. [Br Fkeeluxoheb.] In the room behind the bar, Where people most do congregate, Ton get the gossip, near 01 far, Of matters past, and inVto date. ' The windy affairs of men ' Rise like a cloud of dust, -' And are as quickly laid again.' DEEMONIACKLE. The career of the man who has made more sensation in the world in the short time be has been what might be called a public character than any one of the greatest poten tates and thinkers of the age, has been ended with a jerk and dull thud. Fancy a dull thud of a second's duration putting an end to stupendous mischief of several years run ning, let alone what might have come if that hearthstone at Windsor had been hermeti cally cemented. The ladies who hanker after sensation in the shape of criminals, and send to a murderer like Deeming parcels of dirt dug up in their back yards and passed off as holy earth from played-out Palestine, must feel an aching void in their hearts now their pet 'criminal has gone — address not specified. What becomes of this mawkish sentiment, the scientific rot, the legal twaddle, and the general humbug talked and written about the Demon of Cement, the Hobgoblin of the Hearthstone ? UntViinir hnfc a T1TTT.T. TJTTTn. If tnir of tli« Gawlerites have read the report of the leoture delivered before an audience, princip ally of attentive petticoats and female young men, barring a few, one night last week, by E. P. Nesbit, on the subject of 'Insanity and Crime,' they will appreciate the situa tion there set forth by a brainey lawyer, and if they note the few sententious remarks that fell from the lips of J. H. Gordon, who can think, write, and speak equally well, see how the position lies. The boy who flogged the toad, saying ' I'll larn you to be a toad !' and when told that the reptile could not help being a toad replied, ' But he is a toad,' just unconsciously hit. the situation. We don't blame Deeming for be ing a criminal, but we hang him for being a criminal — that is a toad. It would be absurd to keep him alive for he would jio no good to the community and might do harm ; being an obnoxious reptile the wisest and moat practical way of dealing with him was to squelch him, and squelched he was. A worm iB not nearly so attractive a reptile in appearance as a snake — he hasn't such a winning smile as an alligator, nor such an open countenance as a toad, but we do not lay ourselves out to kill a worm, bnt some how or other we never seem to be on visit ing terms with a snake ; we rather prefer attending his funeral as accuser, executioner, and undertaker. As regards Deeming we Freelnnchere will say grace, ' For what we have reoeived re Deeming through the press the Lord make us truly thankful— if we can be.' We are suffering indigestion owing to high feeding upon gore, garbage, and gush, and will take BOmetime to recover, so please Providence send as along a Wesleyan Con ferenoe, or a Congregational Union; we have had a Synod, and it acted as an aperient. THE CITY FATHERS. The Mayor and Corporation of Adelaide ought to be in holy orders, they are (retting so mild and intensely businesslike that I expect their proceedings will be conducted on the principle of Quakers1 meetings before long. In Sammy Raphael's time the Connoil Chamber was like a cockpit* and after a meeting the blood and feathers of debate were scattered all over the floor. Metaphoric ally Sammy used to go off with all his tail feathers pulled out, his hackle feathers half over his head, his spurs blunt, and only a ghost of a crow in him — but he would turn up next week as fresh as ever. Now they might jnst as well get dear old Gapp to go round with tea, bread and butter, and buns at intervals, and I don't see why the wives and daughters of the City Fathers should not come along of a fortnightly Monday and bring their sewing. It is a good thing' for the city and the citizens that the Corporation 'meetings are so staid, businesslike, and painfully respect able, but I wish to goodness they would make Teddy Davies, Villeneuve Smith, or Mick Tier a Councillor. Burden would be worth his weight in gold to the Adelaide press. While I am on the subject, and joking apart, I must say I think that the city Council of Adelaide is most fortunate in the possession of a thoroughly good competent working staff. Town Clerk Worsnop richly deserved that portrait they have of him in the Chamber — he is a treasure of civic lore, earnestness, integrity, and business aptitude. 'Mayors may come, and Mayors may go, but Worsnop rules for ever.' He's second in command. Wright is following in his footsteps ; he is courteous, clever, tactful, and loyal. Fabian, the treasurer, has a brain like an arithmetic book, and Langdon, the fair-haired Surveyor and city Engineer, is one of those sort of men who if he were asked to plan out a road to Paradise would set steadily to work and have the whole track planned out macadamised to the best of his ability before Peter knew there was auyuuiug piwjcuwu hu me steam roaa roller with Methusaleh Sellar sitting on the funnel bumped against the gate, and then Langdon would turn up Bmiling and present his report on the cost to the Public Works Committee. FEEELTJNCHEE. Several people have been asking who Freeluncher is. Well as far as I know he's an impecunious fellow who hangs around at eleven o'clock on the chance of getting some one to shout for him while he cnts off a hunk of bread and a sliver of cheese which he scientifically styles a snack. He picks up crumbs of remarks as they drop from fellows who lubricate their throats with fusel oil disguised in whiskey, and when he comes to pan them out the washdirt dis appoints him as often as not. As a matter of fact it takes a man in liquor to appreciate the profundity of a man partially screwed. Just as Josh Billings says you cannot realize the flavor of an orange by watching another man 'sucking into it,' so you cannot get the proper grip of a man's ideas 'if yon per sist in remaining sober while he is loyally and comfortably drunk; you must be on an equality. THE TOTS. There was weeping and wailing and gnash, ing of teeth at the Old Adelaide Racecourse on Tuesday on the part of those unfortu nates who didn't happen to put a pound on the horBe that placed the .£60 dividend in the pockets of the lucky few. It is most extraordinary that just the horse you haven't backed is the one to shove h»s nose past the Judge's stand. The lawn was ewarmina with men who were ' actually going on that horse sir, but another fellow persuaded me that Stick-in-the-mud was a moral certainty, and I went on him, blank it.' The hurrah of the successful sinner went up in theairside by side with the doleful moan of the unsuecess. ful saint who believes the Tote to be an in vention of the— I mean Rignold's]Mephis topheles. THE MILINGTERRT BALL. Tommy Atkins was in bis warpaint, like wise on hie best behaviour on Tuesday night, and the way he spread the chalk about on the floor as he flourished round on the light fantastic was entertaining to a degree. Chief-Secretary Color-Sergeant the Honor able Charles Cameron Kingston, Q.C. M.P., wag there, and had donned the civil servioe uniform for the first time. Charley looks well in his new plumage — he has moulted the scarlet. Honest Tom Playford was present, looking less bulky than when he went away, and Earl Kintore in the hand some militia Khakee uniform, much too tight for after dinner, made himself more than usually agreeable ; so did the Countess, who is fast losing that peculiar perkiness of movement formerly so conspicuous as part of her ladyship's mannerisms. Our Ma jaw resplendent as an extra aide de-camp proved invaluable, keeping le dame going, and taking the whole affair big and large it was a pro nounced success, spectacularly and terpsi choreally. The Jubilee Exhibition Building is running the Town Hall close for popularity In matters of this kind. CHESS SO. The battle royal is carried out persistently at the Adelaide Chess Club's rooms at Jack man's after the aroma of departed dinners has dissolved itself into a twang gently touched with cigar .smoke, and when the war is over the attendants have metaphoric ally to sweep up the blood and feathers strew ing the arena, for some of the chess Gladia tors fight like game cocks and never know when they are beaten. Champion Charlick met Champion Hudson of Broken Hill, and after fighting until the smoke of their seeth ing brains made a sort of halo round their heads Charlick conquered, and both heroes wiped the perspiration off their faces with chess board and vowed eternal friendship. They fought with grim determination, and sometimes an onlooker could hear the click, click, of their brains as the thinking'gear got into motion. It was just like that buzzing sound the telephone makes. 