Haskelyn» and 91 agrie | IN tbe present marvel fever-with the Mahatma boom of the Daily Chronicle tailing off and the ghost boom of the Review of Reviews Christmas number coming on, while Iiondon and its leader writers are exciting themselves over a magnetic lady who out Sandows . Sandow by mere vril power' nothing could be more wholesome and opportune than a ~ good thorough-going Philistine book on " The Supernatural?" from a conjurer's point of view. The present epidemic of credulity is fair excuse for any little excess of cut-and-dried assumption on the other side. And if the student finds Messrs. Weatherly and Mask ely no, with all their Bhrowd common sense and practical experience, just a trifle too cocksure, less particular people will find them decidedly readable-which, perhaps, is the main point. A doctor of medicine treats Bense deceptions, dreams ghosts and phantoms of the dead and the living from a strictly scientific point of view ; while Mr. MaBkelyne, the modern magician of the Egyptian-hall, regards Oriental jugglery, Spiritualism and Theo- sophy from the distinctly practical side. DEEAMS. Xiet us begin with the chapter on dreams. Remarking that dreams were at one time regarded as being divinely inspired, Mr. "Weatherly writes as follows : Certain dreams do sometimes appear as if they were sent for a special purpose, but even the so-called' authentic ones coming nnder this head are few indeed. In looking even at these we must, I fear, view them with a' doubtful eye, for what fiction will invent credulity will receive and exag- geration magnify. .Dreams may, it appears, be divided into two classes-Dream illusions and Dream hallucinations. A dream illusion (we are told) would be caused by something affecting one of the sense organs, and start- ing outside the sense organ or in the sense organ itself ; whereas a dream hallucination has its origin in the brain itself and is purely suggestive, having no objective basis what- ever. If, for example, a bright light shines upon the closed eyes of a sleeper he may dream that he is watching a fire; a red light will often suggest a tempest and lightning; while a bottle of Eau do Cologne placed under bis nose will cause the Bleeper to imagine himself ina perfumer's shop.7 It is thought by Wundt that the involuntary extension of the foot of the sleeper causes the common dream illusion of falling over a precipice. At the same time a good many dreams-perhaps the majority of them Lave their origin in the brain.itself without any external stimulus to excite ita action. There is in each individual a certain balance of the circulation in the brain which admits of the mind' doing its work in the most healthy and perfect manner. Let the circu- lation be excessive or deficient, that work at once ceases to be either sound or perfect. Dreams may result from some fluctuation in the brain circulation. The quality of the blood is also a leading factor in the causa- tion of dreams, and often gives to them some definite character. KODEBN SPmiTUALISM. ' Modern' Spiritualism ' is another subject to which Mr. Masbelyne devotes sonne atten- tion. He naturally finds little difficulty in disposing of the prétentions of the Foxes, of Home, of the brothers Davenport, of Annie Pay, of Dr. Slade'and of Eglinton. Miss Fay appears to have deceived a well known scientific man, and, if for this reason only, her performance deserves the space which Mr. Maskelyne has given to it : ..' Some 15 persons from among the audience (he writes) sat in a circle round the 1 me- dium,' her husband, 'Colonel' Fay, being one. The little blonde then commenced to clap her hands with steady, rhythmical beat, ana when darkness was made ' visible,' still the clapping continued, while-wonderful to relate - instruments which had been laid upon the knees of the ' sitters' were played upon, etc. ; that is, the guitar was strummed in the air, bells were rung, knees pinched, whiskers tugged, old fogies chucked under the chin by, ah! such nice little Hands, and the other interesting work of the spirits at seances was gone through. Now, all this while the ' Colonel ' was in the circle, and supposing that the persons to his right and lett, instead of holding, as they thought, his two hands, were really both holding one of them, still he could do but little to assist, his .interesting spouse. - She, still clapping those dainty little palms, could do nothing for herself, unless, when the lights were extinguished/ she were to change her tactics, and beat-not her hands together-but one hand upon her forehead or arm, or any other exposed part of her body which would pro- duce exactly the same sound and leave the taper digits of one hand free to produce the manifestations. To show the impossibility of any such thing, however, one gentleman /'may now hold the medium's hands. Still a bell rings, a guitar is strummed, and .pos 1 sibly the gentleman holding the fair one's hands has his face fanned. How, then', can all this be accomplished P - Simply thus : 'Miss ' Fay passes a bell to tho/ Colonel's/ mouth, which he shakes as a terrier does a rat, while his foot operates upon a guitar placed on the floor and produces the thrum- ming, and the medium, with a fan held between her teeth, will gently wave it in the face of him who holds her hands. And this is all that happened in the darkness; and this is what the scientific gentloman des- cribed as ' wonderful !'? ' FROM THICKERY TO THEOSOPHY. Butwo must leave Spiritualism, in which no sane person now believes, for Theosophy, a subject at present very much 'on the nail.' The history of Theosophy, as Mr. Maskelyne very pertinently observes, is bound up with that of its founder Mme. Blavatsky ; and she was a ' vulgar adventuress.' We need not follow the Piccadilly wonder-worker in his discussion of the Hodgson exposó which, like ' most people,- he accepts as conclusive ; but i it may interest some of our readers (Theoso S~ hists or otherwise) to learn that Mr. [askelyne-magician-like-has a 'card up his sleeve.' Tes, notwithstanding his seem- ing indifference, he has not been altogether idle. If it should so happen that, contrary to ray expectations, tho perpetrators of these outrages on common sense still persist in their nefarious practices, let them beware. In that case they become fair game for me. In the language of sport I haro ' ' marked them down,' and can lay my finger upon them whenever I need to do so. If it should be necessary they may depend upon it that, though the trap is not yet laid, I am on their track, and I shall pursue them as relentlessly as I have others before them.-Pall Mall Budget. Lord Chorlos Scott ls of'opinion that tho Pall Mall Gazette is simply trying to discredit the Baliibnry Govornment, in its striotnres on the Australian ornUors. And he says tho engines of the cruiser» are exactly the Mme M those in the Orlando, whioh gire every satisfaction. 