POULTRY. ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. White in the Face op Leghorns.— Inquirer, Bendigo.— 1. We look upon white in tho faco ns a very gravo fault, but from what wo havo scon of Imported birds, we think it can hardly bo called a certain disqualification. 2. We should advise you Dot to breed from such a bird. Try oil you can to Stomp tlio fault out of your stock. blotch uREYS.— ouoscnucr, iwuiarnc. — 1. MO know little of this breed of fowls beyond the fact that they aro prolific layers of good sized eggs. 2. Thero are not many in the colony- You might get them by advertising. Spanish Fowls.— Twenty Yeats' Subscriber. — 1. You assert that Spanish have " gono off," but it is merely a question of a change of type. The Spanish of your boyhood's days would not havo a ghost of a show in tho exhibition pen nowadays. 2. Wo can hardly tell you who is tho best Spanish breeder of the present day, but the honor lies between Messrs. Franklin, Whicker and Johnston. Manning's Spice.— Old Reader, Boninyong.— 1. Wo cannot tell you tho ingredients of Manning's Bpice, for the simple reason that we do not know them, but wo have the assuranco of the maker that thero are 16 component parts. 2. Why not bo satisfied with the results ? The cost is hut small Minorcas.— Best Luck, Gipnslnnd.— 1, With all tho Importations we have had it would be hard to say who is to win in Minorcos, but there should certainly bo suoh a display of the breed as has nover been seen before, that is if the imported birds are through their moult. 2. Wo conuot tell who will judge them in the next Melbourne Bhow, but we are quite certain that the gontleman you namo will not. Polish Fowls.— A Novice, Kyambra. — Mr. Maude, as far as we know, has not bought any Polish fowls. He has infercntially implied that tho birds in the colony are as good as could be pro cured in England. This is saying a great deal, but Mr. Maude is only endorsing what Mr. Hart has previously stated, and tho opinion of two such authorities is enough for us, despite the assertion that wo have no good Polish in Australia. Poultry Book.— l.t.g.S., Beaufort.— Wright's Book on Poultry is tho best work1 you can get. For a working edition you cannot do better than buy bis 10s. ou. volume. 