General News. A report states that Mr. Delisser has come aerosi rich gold at the Walter Hodgson claim on. the Mulgrave. We trust the rumour is correct as the perseverance shown by Mr. Delisser well deserves reward. At the election held yesterday for two members of No. 1 Sub-division of th* Uarrou Divisional Board, the voting was as follows : D. Thomatis, 30; J. Jamieson, 27; Alfred Stieet, 15. The two first named gentlemen were declared duly elected. We have received a sample of fibre, uianu factuied fiom the common sida rctusa, ¡ which must undoubtedly have a high com- j merctal value. It was prepared by Mr. E. Cowley, of the Kamerunga State Nursery by I a very simple process, and the article forms | another very strong argument in favour of the re-introduction of Polynesian bibour. A committee meeting of the Cairns At hletio Club was held at the Gresham hotel on Thursday evening, when ¡urangenients ill connection with St. Patrick's Day Sports were proceeded with. Letters were received from several gentlemen intimating their acceptance of office, li. W. Bates was ap- pointed judge in place of Mr. Hartley, who declined to act. Messrs Donegan and Weatherley were appointed canvassers for subscriptions. The addition» to Walton's K-iilway hotel ave now so far completed that several of the new bedrooms are already occupied. The extension of the 16ft verandah will be erected shortly, «heu the total length will lie lóort, m i kins lt tlic >"uiíC!!l' "s we" u» tue widest verandah in town. The additions include S singlf and 2 douhle bedrooms, 2 sample rooms, and a capacious billiard room. Tlw new bedrooms, like the old ones, :i re well ventilated, and all open on to either bach or front verandahs. With regard to the manifesto issued by the Premier with reference to the continuance of Polynesian labour a petition to Parliament is now in course of signature in Cairns. The petition endorses the view of the situation taken by Sir S. W. Griffith, and it will doubtless be willingly signed by all classes of the community, who know that a con- tinuance of the sugar industry and the introduction of coffee, cotton, fibre, &c;, will mean better times for the white man. It is estimated th;it some 25 Italians are at present in Cairns, where they are settling doun with land leases or purchases on fair terms under the auspices of Mr. D. Thomatis. They are some of the so-called absconders from Ingham, and we are informed that the sufferings they endured on the journey from Ingham to Cairns were terrible in the ex- treme. Hore with a fair future opening up before them they are working from daylight to dark, and rice cultivation ¡it Smithfield is receiving a large amount of attentiou at their hands. With the disappearance of the ghost burglars appear to be coming- into fashion. During the week the premises of Mr. John E. Meyer, Lake-street, were entered and a large quantity of tobacco, pipes, &c.; removed to "the back yard. Here the thieves were apparently disturbed, and they cleared with nothing beyond a few valuable pipes. Mr. Meyer watched for some hours with rage in his heart and a revolver in his hand for his visitors to return, but he saw no one, not even a policeman. On Tbursda}- evening an attempt was made to rob the premises of Messrs G. K. Mayer and Co., but thanks to the ahu m given by neighbours the burglars decamped leaving the back door open, with- out any plunder. Ou Tuesday two men named Jfeter Maguh, aged 2i, an Englishman, aud Charies Hornau, aged 27, a Sweede, had a narrow escape from a fatal accident on the third section. The men were in the employ of Messrs McDonald and Norman McKenzie, sub-contractors, and whîl.. HngH^vd in ni ri k i ri« iL tell hole- IS fet:t deep for bridge piles they fell in. Their fall carried some half ton of earth on top of them, aud it was 20 minutes before they were dug out. Dr. Dobie attended to their injuries, the men being sent into the hospital on Thursday. Beyond sundry dis- locations and bruises the men are not injured, aud they have the honour of being the heroes of one of the most marvellous escapes on record. The monthly meeting of the Cairns Benevolent Society was held in the Court House on Saturday last, February J 3th. Present :-Mesdames Milford (President,) Hill (Treasurer), Smith, Hobson, Hides, Uunting, Forbes, and Fearnley (Secretary.) The minutes of the January meeting were read and confirmed, also correspondence and bills passed to the amount of £11 Os 4d for payment. No. 1 district reported relieving a case of G children and 2 adults (one bed- ridden) for the sum of ÍÍ3 Os 3d. Other cases were brought under the notice of the com- mittee and duly discussed. Messrs Burns, Philp and Co. are to be the grocers for the month of March, P. Lennon having the present month. A vote of thanks to the cbair brought the proceedings to a close. Cairns is rapidly forging ahead. An elegant two-rail fence of the good old sub- stantial stockyard order of architecture is now enveloping tbe Drill Shed reserve in its coils. This magnificent addition to the beauties of the town, and erected in the very heart of it, is due to the munificence of the Government. Talk about the wooden walls of dear old "Hingland" indeed, people should come to Canns, see the fence rouud the Drill Shed and die. There is no beauty in straight lines, and this beautiful fence takes paiticular care not to offend good taste in that pariicnlar. The School of Arts ground comes out of the Drill Shed acre, and like the last rose of summer the School of Arts h left blooming alone. There is no fence round this institution, and the pre- datory horse can still festively rub his back against the literary institute, and browse serenely on the verdant grass around it. The men of the Defence Force should be very careful about carrying loaded weapons near the fence, it is enough to explode any- thing. People generally explode with laughter when they see it. We wonder what Townsville or Cooktowu would say to a 