THE BLACK HAND. I A Tale of £hd Secret Societies Bj the author of 'The Queen of the Blondes,' ' Dazzling but Doomed,' 'The Fairest in May fair,' ' Perils of Pari*,' 'Nina the Nihilist,' u Prinoeas and Polioe Spy,' &c.; OHAPTEE XLIX BBTB1XS HOW COUNT LOBIB 1PAKOFF ! BUSHED tTON HIS DESTINY. ' Count Loris IpanofF had begun to grow very anxious about his beautiful wifelong before Mrs Grimsby arrived with the tidings that were doomed to change his uneasiness to alarm. As the zeader is aware, F&dora; had promised to be home by nine o'clock, buv instead a quarter to ten brought the ; She entered the Count's studio with a deprecatory expression of countenance, and smelling strongly of brandy and water, a hot, strong, and sweet glass of whioh she had stopped her cab to imbibe at a not distant public-house, in order that it might give her the nerve to get through berapprosching interview with her master without a breakdown. Count Loris perceived that she was a , larbinger of iU tidings at a glanse, and at 1 jnce broke out with — ' Where is your mistress? 'Where hare you left her ? Why didn't she return with you P' 1 Lawk a daisy, sir — that is to say, my lord—I'd have brought her back with me right enough if it hadn't been almost a moral certainty that she'd have died on the way, along ot tne cataslepey that sne caught at Dr. Larking'*, and he attending on her as though she was his own child, and his sweet daughter along, as was like wise the case with the Lady of Mount Edgecombe, who bit off the sexton's ring to get at his finger, as all the world knows is true, and has read of.' From the nature of the good dune's speech it will be apparent that the glaBs of brandy and water had strengthened her nerves, but at the same lame somowhai clonded her intellect. 'What is all this nonsense P* roarel the Count. 'Tell mo in a word, where is my wife ?' 'Lar — Larking !' retorted Mxs Grimsby, drawing aerun up wim un uir 01 gro tesque dignity, and with her little grey watery eyes blinking and winking she re ? iterated ' Larking !' This was what her abortive memory I had twisted the name of Loreck into. I ? You infernal womsn, 1 believe you are drank,' exclaimed Count Loris. ' Tell me where my wife is, or I don't know what I shall bo tempted to do to you,' and what he did do to her wm to take her by tbe shoulders and give her a very hearty shaking. The treatment was to a certain extent satisfactory, for her terror caused Mrs Grimsby to rally her faculties by a j supreme effort, and between tho continued I shakes she gasped — j ? Oataslepsy-pepsy-6epsy. Through a rat. In doctor s hands. AU lieht. So far this was comforting'. Bat that word, that word. What could it mean P The count would have understood tbe signification of Irarce in an instant, but his knowlede of English wes not equal to the comprehension of the more technical term, aud accurately divining that all the shaking in the world wouldn't get a proper explanation out of the house keeper, he made a rush for a diction ary. ' Catas, no. Cata, yes, lepsy. Cata lepsy. A state of unconsciousness, some times continuing for months, caused by the blood being drawn from the capil laries and dxiven into the blood veins of the brain, thereby completely slopping its action and producing a state o£ com* or trance. The patient lies cold, rigid, and colourless, as though dead, and tho action of both heart and pulse being in appreciable, persons hare often been can- j sidered dead and after a time buried. I To those predisposed io ihe complaint J a sudden snock will frequently produce it. Happily very lew cases or catalepsy have been known to end fatally, and per* feet rest and quiet are in general alone seeded to effect a cure. Count Loris IpanofE having read tliis short explanation to an end was some what comforted thereby, an now he coutd guess at the meaning of Mis Grimsby's other jerked out sentences — through a rat In doctor's hands. All right— for he knew that Fedora had a great antipathy to rats and hadn't he juet read i that any sudden shock might produce* catalepsy P The house-keeper had evi dently had the sense at once to convey her to a doctor, and said doctor hud taken a fdtorable view of his wife's con dition, but couldn't allow her to be moved, and quite properly too, for hadn't he also just read that perfect rest and quietude were the main essentials for complete recovery. Therefore all that remained to be done was, as Fedora couldn't be brought home, that he should go to her. The Count went through this course of reasoning and arrived at this conclusion in far less time than it has taken to des cribe the operations. 'Mrs Grimsby,' said he, 'I dare say that you were so unnerved that you felt that you required a little stimulant. I am sorry that I shook you, but you must forgive me and take me to where yon left your mistress at once. I trust to heaves that you haven't forgotten where you left herP 'No fear, my lord. You trust to Betsv Grimsby, and you'll do well. If von'a done it at first* meaning no re proach, my lord, we'd have been a quarter of the way there by this time, through my keeping the cab at tbe door for the very blessed purpose of our returning in it, as was according to Dr. Lorrfcker's express desires Bnd directions, which I seed the rat jump on the dear mistress' eyes with my own lap, end she fro eff instantcr, as the saying is, and the doctor and his bleE&ed; daughter that kind that, notwithstanding the lowness oF the neighborhood, though born myself in a more respectable street across tbe way, j I'd make no hesitation in saying he j was a gentleman bom, though an acquaintance of your own, and called ! Horrocks.' * You can tell me about that, snd — and all the rest of it, on the way, my good woman,' said Count Loris, to whom tbi? rambling was all double Dutch, and who was madly impatient to get inie tho cab and be off. So impatient was he that he did not j even trouble to pocket his revolver, with out which he had never vet ventured j abroad, but taking hold of Mrs Grimsbv I by an arm he walked her downstairs with out once letting goof her, and so acrosn the hall and out through the front door and down the gardes path to the entrance sates, where be half pushed end half Hustled her into the waiting cab, and springing in after her, closed the door himself, and then, thrusting his head out of a window, he shouted to the driver— * To where you brought her from, and half-a-crown a mile for you if you get over the journey guickljr.' With such an incentive to spoed tho cabman lashed bisbcrse, and the eraey vehicle went whirling along at half the speed, at the very leatt, of a Russian drosahkr. As tbe driver seemed to perfectly understand his directions, Count Loris awn j wqudmp hi nouce in wont aixecoon lie was going, and he paid almost as great a degree of inattention to Mrs Grimsby's freshly attempted explanations directly he discovered that somehow or other they had got more mixed up and involved than ever. He was just able to gather from them that 2T£don had gone out of her way to relieve a caso of distress, and that it was :n the house where the distress existed that she had been taken ill, bat that was all that he could makeoub. He was terribly anxious ell the same, and almost whenever the rays of a gos 'amp Bhone full into ihe vehicle be ! glanced at his watch to take note of how j time was passing. | It was a long journey, too, even at tbe i pace whioh (he cab continued to maintain, - but at last the White Horse Inn, at the corner of White Horae Lane, was rcached, and then tho driver pulled up short and springing down from his box appeared at one of the windows, asd teaching his hat observed— * This lb whore I picked up tho old lady, sir.' ' Old lady, you impertinent fellow I exclaimed Mrs Grimsby, bridling up, but Count Loris felt no inclination to champion her ege against the cabman. * Can we go any forthcr in this vehicle P ho asked her curtly, and on her answering * Yes, but we could do it just as quickly on our legs* for it's hardly any distance now,' he got out, assisted her to alight in tarn, paid the man the fare he had promised him, with a pour boire over according to French custom rather than English, and then taking the nouseseepcr s arm aaia — ' Now, for goodness sake, mind where you are going.' Well would it have been for him had Mrs Grimsby's memory turned out more treacherous thjvn it really wes. Bat the effect? of the'brandy end water were by this time nearly recovered from and the housekeeper was nearly herself 9 gain, with a persistent recollection of the spot she had known as a child, end even in those remote days in the street in which Bhe was now seeking a ship was an object often to be seen invading the thoroughfare and pointing its bow sprit like a brobdingnagian linger at the upper windows of the opposite houses, thus appealing to her youthful intellect in a way never to be forgotten. 'Whatever could hare tempted xoy wife into such a neighborhood, and so far from home, too?' the Count thought again and again to himsolf, but he sus pectod neither trick nor treachery, and even when apolioemanprosently stopped them and said, ' If you haven't spccial business hero, or know the parties, I wouldn't be going any further this way to-night,' he did not take the well-meant hint, though he returned confused thanks for it, nor even thought of asking the oflicer to accompanny them. He turned and walked after them a little way, but observing that they liejd steadily on as though they know the neighborhood and had a definite object in view, he muttered something to him self to tho effect that he ' supposed it was all light,' and once more resumed his beat. Past tho dingy, red. cur taincd windowed public-houses, with the chequers painted on the door posts, and oath? end obscene conga audible from within ; past the broken windowed abodes of poverty, end the wide open-doorca abodes of shame, where half-dressed women sat on the s'eps inviting all to entor who could be lured, and cursing all who wcro sober and discerning onough to pass them by ; sometimes hustled off the narrow pave ment into tho street by drunken sailors walking arm in arm and making a sportive rash at all whom they met o? taunted by a make-believe drunken bully for the sake of getting np a row which should be a cover for robbery ; still on and on they went, until the bows and the bowsprit of the r:hip loomed up between two gas lamps, where Mrs Griuisbv, with a fervent ' Tbank goodness we are hero at last ; tho sun wasn't as hot as it is now three hours s.go, and I never knowed that it con-d bo* like it either.' came to a full stop, and knocked at tho looting of all tbe Vnuses. * Heaven*, to thiiik that my darling, my own Fe'dora, should be lying un conscious in a place like this, and that there should bo no knowing when sbe will bo well enough to be removed/ was Count Ipanoff's agonising reflection, and then he turned lo mrs Grimsby with — ' Did you say there was a lovely and innocent girl attending on her P' ' I did, my lord, and you will think the same when you see her. A more blesBeder or a more angel-like looking young lady I never did set eyes on, not withstanding the blue specs.' A heary footstep ccuid now bo heard descending the stairs, and then the door was opened and Grctcli appeared in his disguise of black heir, beard, and whiskers, that nearly conceded his face. * This is the poor lady's husband that I've brought back with m*/ said Mrs Grimsby by J way of introduction, and Gretch at once rejoined — ' Oh, come in— come in quickly. She is recovering ber faculties, and yon may vet be in time to catch her first o-lnnrui of restored consciousness.' CHAPTER L. | CAUGHT ±¥D CAGED. THE IVAN SLA.KBB j BSA.DT FOB SEA.. This speech of Gretch did what it was ; intended to do, namely, worked Count Loris IpanofE up to such a pitch of ex citement, in which gratitude and joy were intermingled, that he took no noticd whatever of his suspicions and incon gruous surroundings nor even of the teller of the good news, out hut riodly entered the house and was half-way up the rotten stairs before the Police-Major had locked, bolted, and chaincd the ponderous door behind him. ' Hoot, toot, my dear sir, and you're taking as many precautions as though ye lived in a baleagured city ; but though the likes of it may be needed in the un fortnit country that you c^mes from it's all superflus labor in a land that's got es healthy a constitootion as I hare myself, with a Q.acen upon a throno and the Lords an' Commons all a sitting upon woolsacks around it ; not to speak of the bobbies, or &3 soma calls 'em * coppcrs ' «s do make tbe streets as *afe by night us by day, save such as they're afraid to go down their own blessed solves, and where you nor I would be fcota enough lo vontur neither. Lord love ycu, sir, crimes of wiolenoe is that rare in these parts that— Murder ! murder! m-u-r — The change in the garrulous old woman's tone and sentiments had been caused through beholding Count IpanclT suddenly sprung upon by three men at the head of the stairs, struck a crushing blow upon tho hend* and then apparently throttled cut of life, or at all erenrs ecu eciousneee, and the cessation of her ppeeeh altogether had been occasioned by Gretch seizing hold Gf her by the throat and forcing hie knuckles therein until she was more than half strangled. The whole affair did not take mora than half a minute, by which time both tho Count and the housekeeper were placed entirely hors de combat and incap able of the slightest resistance. Gretch forced a square piece of wood between the old woman's teeth as a gag, thereby distending her jaws to a most painful degree- and rendering it impos sible for her lo rid herself of it save by the use of her hands, which be next proceeded to firmly secure behind her He was so quick over his task that it was completed quite half a dozen seconds bsforo his three accomplices had gageed and trussed the unconscious count in like manner. ' AU right P' he asked. * All right,' responded they in equally low and guarded tones. 'Then we'll get him at once aboard the Ivan, and I'll lock this old woman in one of the front rooms, where she'll only have to stand at the window for some one to see her as eoon aa daylight returns, which woh't be yet for some hoars.' ' Suppose she breaks the window by putting her head against it, and so creates an alarm by sending the broken glas9 i fchivering down into the street before we - are e^ear o2T suggested some one. 'If she does tbe ghost in possession will get tbe credit , of the deed. Ghosts are dumb, you know, and so is she, and I'm care ebe looks quite'a model ghost, only a trifle too respectable, perhaps, for tiie locality. Bat, anyhow* it's a fault on the right side to be a credit to the plaos^j | laughed Gretch. ' . I He then drove poor Mrs Grimsby up stairs, for she baa quite recovered her I senses now, and into an empty front room 1 on the the third floor, whore he accosted I ' We might have killed you and left you to the rats, Mrs Grimbsy, and per haps it would have been the safest plan. Bat I hate anything like unnecessary craelty, and sever resort to a extreme moasures when they can be avoided. If 1 you stand at the window of this ro?m when daylight returns you cannot bat be seen sooner or later by people passing up and down the opposite side cf tbe way, and the sharper-sighted eusngst them will perceive the gag in your moatb, and knowing therefrom that something must be wrong will doubtless break into the bouse aud set you free. Lat it console you meanwhile to know that we are not murderers or assassins, but Russian police, who have lured to this house, and therein secured, in the person of your late master aud mistress, two desperate criminals who have for a loner while bidden us defiance.' With these concluding words he pattej Mrs Grimsby on the shoulder, assuring her that the rats would not get the better of her if she only inow and then i gave a kick at such as were 'too bold, and I then quitted the room, and carefully locked the door on the outside. On rejoining the three men who had knocked senseless asd then secured tbe Count, he found that they wore discus sing the point of how ho had best be curried on boird tbe launch. Gretch soon settled that matter by describing how he and Katinka, unaided, had managod it with the Princess. So a countcrpauo was pulled from off what had been Katinkas bed and w&s; wrapped round the Count's body, bo that, should anyone be gazing from a back window oE any of the adjoining bouses I riverward, they phould not conjecture 1 that it was anything human which wes I being borne ttirough the ship; ard in the I direction of the wet dock and the as yet qnieEceut steamer. Count Loiis was bleeding so freely from tho blow on the head from the brass-mounted stock of a revolver that qaite a pool of blood had fallen where he had lain, but Gretcb, on discovering that | it was only a flesh wound, and that the 1 skull was intact, paid no fnrtbur heed to , It, and was much more particular in ex amining the gag, and ascertaining that there was not the slightest possibility of its getting shifted, and so giving Count Loris a chancs of shouting an alarm. As eoon as ho was perfectly convinced on this point:, he gave the order to move on, and a minute later Count Lms, still as unconscious of what was happening to him cs though ho had baen in reality the corpse which he so mush resemblod. was being half carricd and half lowered down the steep stop ladder with as much roughness and carelessness as a sack cf grain ou'.d have been subjected to. Terra firma once rcached, however, many hands made light work, so that despite Ibe numerous obstacles that necessarily changed an otherwise straight course into a circuitous one, the little dock was presently reached, the plank that was sgain run out by unsoen hands from tho Ivan's cfier-decfc to the shore Bsfelv crosscd. and no sooner was the plank drawn in again than two of her crew, who had by e-^me means or other obtained the key of tbe bugo water gates, bcp.an to slowly open them, so that tho U.unch began to sink between the st-vje trails that Lecimcd her ia, as tbe subsiding water commenced letting her gradually down to a level with the river, Meanwhilo Count Loris was borne past tbe now smoke-vomiting funnel and the furnaces that slresdy gleamed red with fires that were raging and roaring within them to the door of tho stumpy little forecastle, which was already tho prison' house of his beloved Fedora. The man who accompanied them with a dark lantern and the key opened the low arched door, and bending down crept in thereat, almost falling over Katinka before be perceived where she was ctonching. Then be squeezed himself up into the furthest corner upon a coil of rope, and holding up tho lamp allowed its light to wcoden pillow and the manacles that gleamed above it. Another minute and Count Loris was its tenant, and the fetters were secured around his wrists and ankles ; the csunterpano that had been his covering was next drawn away from him, the wooden blorrk shoved under his bleeding head, and Gretch glancing triumphantly down on him and then in like mauner upon the equally unconscious tenant of 1 the opposite berth, congratulated himself upon what he regarded as the cleverest | double capture that the Secret Police had ever made. I ' It is splendid,' said Katinka in shorr, | gapping accents of the most intense ex citement. ' It is positively superb. Some cruel people in our position would have parted husband and wife under each circumstances, but we are too tender hearted. Hal ha I ha! too tender hearted by far.' ?Her laugh was positively diabolical, so full was it of fiendish malice, but yet tho girl's face looked as lovely aa that of an angel as the light of the lantern streamed upon it. ' Shall we, wh6n ho recovers his senses add to his happiness by telling him that not only has he his wife for a companion but also his brother's and his mother's murieress ?' she added presently with another laugb, whilst her sparkling eyes seemed to emit flame. Bat Gretch quickly rejoined — ' No, we have done amply sufficient for the present, and, besides, we are not yet out of tbe wood. We will pestpono our crow until we are a marino league dis tant from the British coast. Come away, Katiaka. It matters not a copock now how Roon they recover their senses. ' Ob, may I not remain with 1bem until they do recover thoir senses P If so, why not P' pleaded the girl. * You may if you like, iiutvro mean not only to close end secure the door, batslco to heap sufficient ropec, old casks, tarpaulin, end so forth up against it as completely to hide it, so that if you do elect to remain here you may not have a chance of beijjg set free for some hoars,' answered Gretch. ' I don't cite I'll stay here, never theless. I shall so enjoy a chat with tboae two when they recover their reason that each hour will seem but s single minute. Oh, do let mo remain here, dear, kind friend.' ' Please yourself, Katinka. Only not a word about the dead mother and brother, and I'll tell yon why. It is a pleasant little secret that his Krcellency the Police Minister would like to discloso to oar doting Count with his ctrn lips, whilst tho cqnally doting Princess was standing by, in order that he might enjoy the eight of watching their love chance to hatred in bis very presence. I woold not like to rob liisi of jt either, for woe to tho dog who tries to steal a bone from a bear. General Garish1.' ine is tbe most tavege and unforgiving of bears.' Katinka shuddered and said, 'I will take heed, for I should not like a bear to scratch my b&ck; whose claws sometimes lake the slicpc cf nine knotted thongs with a eUcI hock at the end of each. Yet, nevertheless, I would sooner be locked up with them than I would como oat ; for, at all events, I can have a little pleasant conversation with Her HighneBBl oaoercing that rught whea ibe -treated me as though I was the dirt under ber feet, and threatened to spit in ber face.' 'Well, well,jou pretty but venomous est, have your whim, eihd yoli'in%y^cbErp'J ^ the lantern as. well, io that Youunay look .upon both their /?cos. ^ The Beams -are too well taulk^'Torithe ;,ligbtT» «bihe through them; so - good-bye tintil iwe either sight the'^osbdiftt, 'daylight brings breakfait-time^nd. a cinar stretch 4-l sea/ aud with these words Gretoh quitted the prison-house. Then tbe door 'being tight - fastened and ssoured^ all the d£ck lumber was piled up against' it, bo that it was com pletely bidden from view, but without apparent design. CHAPTER LI. , . , | BURNING THE OA.UNTLET OF POLICE AND CU8TQUS. THH Q17NB04.T. ; By this time the water in the dcck was on a level with 'that of the fiver outside, so the great wooden doors were opened wide enough to admit ' of Ivan the Terrible 's passage through them, and she was silently and swiftly backed out into the silent highway that led all the way to Russia, and in tho o&se; o£ at all events two who were onboard, in all probability to the grave as well. No sooner was the little boat in the open river than, leaving the dock gate* wide gaping behind ber, she steamed for mid-cbantieT. and then ran swiftlv down it with the tide in her favor; A bluff-looking seaman was ho who steered, wearing a thick peajacket and sou'wester, and one or two very similar seeming individuds were perched forward ia the oows,] keeping a sharp look-out for obstacles in the the way of the vessel's course, for boats, barges, and floating craft cf every conceivable shape and size throng the Thames by night as wellaB by d&v;, Tendering navigation at all times difficult. j The Ivan by no means attempted to evade observation, for sbe bad ber star bo rl and her port lanterns lighted, and a third gleaming half-way up ber little po!e of a foremast. And now Gretch, who bad disappeared below for a matter of five minutes, re appeared on deck in the winter garb of a Thames policeman, and seating himself ou the bulwarks jast where the mact light streamed down on his shining' black glazed ' all round ' hat, lighted a pipo and began to smoke. The reason for this ruse was soon apparent, for hardly had they got oat of tbe poo\ and tho tall olock-illumined tower of Limehouse Church fallen broad on their becm, when the rapid and regu- 1 , lar stroke of cars and their thud as they I rebonnded in the rowlocks, could be , heard approaching on tho starboard quar ter, and presently a voice hailed out of the darkness, ' What launch is that P' ' The Tay, tender to the Aberdeen and London regular steam packet Broughtv Ferry, just telegraphed as ani *ei eff Southend with her screw injared,' answered the man at the wheel in good English. * v ery vuat a nyai, oiiou^u, qui x shall have to send a man aboard of you to make cure,' came back the voic* from tbe beat in somewhat suspicions tones. * Thunder ! bow many more's to be sent onboard, mate, when I'm set here already, and not so much liquor to keep me company that a fly could drown bisself in/ responded Gretch. ' I'm sure whoever likes to come I'll change places with him in tho boat aud be thankful/ 4 Oh, if you're there it's all right, and T«i Tn&v; in?t fitav and be blawed. Back o&rs;, lad, we won't do him out of his whieky, ch!' and there was laughter aboard the police-boat as the speaker eave a pull at the tiller rope3 that brought her bead round to the stream again. There was laughter also aboard' the floating prison as she disappeared in the gloom, but it wasa'tof so hearty a charac ter. and Gretch and the man at the wheel bad it all to themselves. 'A near squeak that,1 observed the latter in Russian, to which the Police - Major rejoined carelessly ia tbe same - language — I ' Oh, I don't know. The odds are pretty heavy that nothing would have ! been discovered had they put a man on board. The only thing would have been that hadn't he left us at Gravesend we might have boon driven to the necessity of dropping him over tbe side with a cannon ball at his heels eome where about the nore- cr at all events before we commenced to signal the gun boat.' This was another comical supposition for the man at the wheel to laugb at, and he chuckled ov?r the humor of the thing for considerably more than ten minutes. Meanwhile the launch bcld on ber swift course past Doptford, Greenwich, the Isle of Dogs and Blackwall, tearing by the North Woolwich Gardens just as the final flight of fireworks rushed up into tbe air and the band commenced to strike up ' God Save the Queen.' Then on into the darkness and tho gloom again, where the sheeted white fog rolled across the river from the Plaistow marshes, and at last the lights of Graves end eparkled like a galaxy of stars in front, fall coon to form a back-ground to tbe tall masts and spars and colossal bulls of tbe many ships that at this point thickly dottod the broad bend of the river. And now Grotch dived down into the cabin once more, and a few minntes later again emerged .therefrom, disguised this time as an English Custom-house officer, for ho cxpeoted that they would 1 Csently be hailed by the Custom-house i t just as an hour ago they bad been . by tbe police-boat. ' And so they were, but Gretcb deceived her inmates in a very similar manner to | what he bad done the water-police, for, o»e Customhouse officer already aboard tbe launch, where was the expediency of placing another merely to keep him company ? So Gravesend was safely sped past, just as tbe other places bad been, and then the river widened with each succeeding mile, and as tbe shores re ceded farther and farther on each side tbe hazard of stoppage, sear h arid rescue for the two prisoners grew less and less. Before very long tho influence of the channel began to be folt, end with every mile more and more livc-ly grew the antics of (be little craft, as 6he rose like a dack to the short, chopping waves, until by tbe time that the distant lights of Southend twinkled far away over the larboard quarter she was shipping ser after sea at the rate of half a ton of green yeasty water at a time, which, spouting up over ber bows, came pouting down over her stumpy forecastle on to her main deck like a miniature Niagara, and nfc times so rapidly and in rack quantities that it was nomnthicg more than the scuppers could do to carry it off, but Gretcb began to fear thai if matters got only a trifle worse the eeas might burst down into the onginc-room and put the furnace fires out. [ If Katinka isn't a precious d? al bettor sailor than I am/ also ran the current o£ his thoughts, 'she hasn't for some time felt in any humor to chaff or torment ber Companions, no matter bow great ber hatred for them is/ and bo couldn't belpchuckling to himself at the thought. 'What time may it be nowP* at length asked tbe man at the wheel. ' A 'quarter to one in the morning,* answered Gretch,- after consulting his watch by the binnacle light. * Well, hadn't you better try a rocket ! We are pretty well in tbe open channel now.' 1 Is that the lightship at the Nore, that gleams so steadily out of the darkness ahead P1 ' Yes, that's tho Nore Light, and I am hankful io see . it, for it', enables me to keep the Ivan out of the track ot Thames boand sfresmei*B., A greafc thing Itbafc, since thoro Beetnsto bo a fog coming on/ ' If there is a fog coming on I can t be tbtfqaick with the .sockets/ and. Gretcb dived into the cabin aud in another minute re-appeared with a bundle of them . tuoVed under his 'arm, *nd a £ ort -fire burning in bis band. ' Qaickly the first Was -^dischargr d, and went hissing up into the air like ablating comet, thereafter to break into a iain oi colored Btars that fell glistening into the ^There was no occasion for tbe discharge of a second. For even before the last star of fire bad been quenohed in tbe water a new suu seemed to be rising in tho east, to disappear again however, well-nigh i as soon as it nad shown itself, for it was but for a brief half-minute that it threw a track of splendour over tbe waves, and then ell was dark egain. ' 'Tis the electrio light aboard tbe gun* boat. They bave beon keeping a keen look- out for us* but I think that we in I turn have been pretty close observers of j what has been called the politeness of , kings, punctuality. Steer for the point of ocean where the light gleamed, Vasilo* vitiih/ ? Tho man at tho helm obeyed, observ ing somewhat surlily as he dild so — * I suppose you expect reword, ad vancement in the service, and in addition perhaps oven a cross or star for this job. Eli, ain't those amongst your hopes and anticipations, Paul Gretcb P' I ' And if they are* I don't expect more j than I deserve, nor I think more than I'll get/ 'You wouldn't havp succeeded so well as yoa have done -without the holp ot others, though/ 'The bead would ofttimes do very little without tbe assistance of tbe hands and feet, Vasilo frit eh ; yet tho bead gets all the credit, nevertheless, bocaueo it is the thinking and directing power/ The man at the wheel conld not argue the matter out with so^ sharp an antagonist aa the Police-Major, bat he did not seem to bo won over by bis reasoning, nevertheless. _ He granted a negative, and chewcd his quia and expectorated fioroely on the deok, and having in this manner relieved hta mind, he did his work as an ox would do his uader the weight of the yoke — thoroughly, but with very little pleasure io tbe doing. And now the little Ivan bounded over the waves more buoyantly than ever, and before very long Gretch, with bis powerful night- glass, could plainly dis tinguish the unwieldy-looking hull, the short, stumpy funnel, Ar.d tho massive masts and great squared yards of the Russian gunboat looming against the grey black of the sky. A fow minutes later and tho Janndh was alongside of her, when an officer immediately popped h'.s head over the bulwarks and shouted out — 'Drop astern, and we'll h&ul; you up to the davits.' So presently the Ivau was lifted boiiiv ont of Ino water, to dancle at the taffcail of the ironclad, whilst her occupants had only to step out of h&r; on to tlie latter's decks. Gretch was reoeived with great polite ness a»jd ceremony by tho man-of-war c&ptain;, an incident which be aceeptcd as a token of his certain and immediate advancement in the police service, but the greeting accordcd to the two un* happy captives, whilst marchcd under a strorg guard from one floating prison to another, w&s; of a very different cha racter. Tbe sailors indulged in bhmta of , derisive laughter, uncueckod emd unre- 1 proved by their superiors, whilst ill* officers, from the c&ptain; dow&werdd;, | either rrgarded them with an admixtura of Bsorn and m&'ignity. or else treated them to & burlesqc? of politeness that was infinitely more galling aid intuiting, JIatinka, however, who walk o3 close behind them, evidently keenly enjoying , tbe treatment to which thev were sqIj ?*««, h.tr A.nflin I as much respcct and urbanity as though I sbe had been an empress, and as Fedora passed by, with her fetters cl&aking;, o^i I her way to another dungeon, she could hear him assuro her cx^page* and Vladimir Garisb tine's ex- mistrcss, that the best state-room bad been devote! to her use, and that he ' was her most obedient and devoted servant/ with a great deal laoro to the game or ve*y ueaxly the same effect. This was indeed a blow to tbe Princess' pride; but it was far from being the heaviest that she had to bear, for that lay in tbo fact that the man for whom she bad risked, dared, and sacrificed so muoh, turned away from her in as cold disdain as that which was exhibited towards ihem both by any of tbese strangers, for Katinka had made ^ood us 9 of her time, and without Baying any thing that would compromise ber with the Police Minister, bad nevertheless scid more than enough to estrange these two fond hearts for ever. (To he continued.') 