Joe Belton's Revenge. or ALFRED S. nUnn0AOE \--9- HIia rame was Joseph lBlton, but his mates on board the Mddlestrand lightship called him Grim Joe. His grizzled board and ann-tanned faie and hando told of a life \- n the open air. Jo had seen foreign service in the navy. lio had lstood to his gun and never flinched amid the Iull of flame and shot waioh rained from the forts of im pregnable Sebastopol; he had chased the slaver, and brought the frowning, baflla3 Arab trader to his knees; he had weathered a hundred furious storms and hurricanes in tihe mid-ocoan, and had, save the loss of one finger on his right hand, come soatbless out of all. Tae loss of the finger ineapacitated Joe Delton for active service, and lhe retired on hise ponsion, and for some time lived at a fishing village on the Essex coast. But Joe got tired of mooning about with few better companrons than the "'longshore men," who regarded him with great respect, and never yarned in his presence. It was only to the visitors that they let their imaginations run fancy froee, but took good care never to dwell upon their perilous adventures and hair breadth easapes when Joe lMelton was within hearing, or when the stories were likely to be repeated to him. A vacancy occurred on board the Middlo. strand lighilhip, and Joe applied for it. He =-as. at.neeeae-aeF~ aed;' rh laedfttnhrntvy with a clean sheet and such a character as any h"nest man might be truly proud of. Joe Balton was a bachelor. iHe had loved, and loved in vain. nod, as he put it, "hauled in iis lheart's tackle, and stowed it away for over." Nobody know tuch about the story, save that Joe had taken fis disappointment very much to heart ; and nobody eared to question him on the subject, for Joe's fscs would grow dark and forbidding at the slightest word of chaff relating to his lonely life. "Look here, lads," he said, one day, "you've got wives and youngsters ashoere, and when the wind roars at night, they ate thinking and praying. for you, though Ithey know that a lightship is the saleat cralt that floats. le thankful you are not like me, whol cares for nobody, and for whom no. body ncares. HIeigho I Now I'll go and have a turn at the reflectors." On duty or all duty, wlhenever Joe Ilellon was upset, he would have "a turn at the roe ieo!ore." "Elbow grease" nemeod to be the only salvo to his wounded heart, and ihe would keep on polishing until the reflectors werao lie burnished mirrors of silver; nid, as .· it wore, he rubbed away.the gloom front his face, and left it ruddy and calm, if not abso. lutely cheerful. Joe had his seasons of silence and dejected. nose. Whenever he was "oil his hacoy," and read from a treasured oopy of Milton's poelms, Iis mates wicked at eoch other, and loft him alone until the fit had passeed away. Onu night, aflter Joe had gone to his ham. mock, Pnil Oxlay found that a leafst i the book had been carefully turned down, and, shaking his haend, passed it to Jim Dawling with the remark that Joe must be in a very bhad way indeed. "ltend them linen In'e marked with a pencil," lie said. " IRed 'cam aloud, Jim, for you know that I'm not much .of a soholard." Jim ).Dawling was willing to oblige, and, in a low tone of voice, road: " Honce, loathed Malanohnly, Of Erebns and blauolest midnight born In Stygian cave forlorn, 'Monget horrid shapes, and shrieks, and lglhts unholy \-- ..r id out somo unoouthrcell, \\\ here brooding D.trknese spreads his jealous winga And the eight raven singe; There, under ebou shades, and low.browed rooks As jagged ns thy leois, In dark Oienmmrian tlesert over dwell." " i don't underatand mnloh about it," l'hil eaid, " but i daresay it's all right. The only thing in my line Is the low-browod rooks. Lor', what a head that 'ere Milton must have had, to be sure I But I say, Jimt, this looks bhad for Grim Joe. I o'poso it woudin't be right to hide the book, would it, now ?" "I woulidn't undertake to do it for double leave witll double pay,"Jim Dl)wling replied. " My missus- and, hleen tier heart, shoeU still my eweatheart--knows esomtllhng about hlow Joe was jilted. You se, Phil, snoh a story gets handled down from onoto tihe otllher, and gives the people soumething to talle about iover the fire on winter nights. Why, bless you, Jim, the stories my old grandfather used to toll about smugglers and wreckers, who haunted tihe coast when he was a young man, ..t.would make your lair curl like-like thin raeleh o' bacon in a frying- pan." Phil Oxley was about to reqest the favor of the reptltion of one of these blood ourdling yarns, when bia eyes grow round and lis mouth opened to its utmost limits, "Look I Look there I" he gasped. Jim Dawling's frco grew ashy pale as he turned slowly. There wits some vague notion in lhis mind at that momeot-and Jim had his full share of superstition, and perhaps a little over-that the ghost of lhis grandfather had come to polish up his memory; but In. stead of a spectre he saw Joe Belton, IIle eyes were fixed and lstaring, his arms hanging loosely at his side, and his movements, as it he were measuring every step carefully, pro. claimed that he was walking hin sleep, Suddenly ho stopped, and, stoopinug down, felt about where he had left the copy of blil. ton's poems. Scarcely knowing what he did, Jiro Dawling pushed the book nolaselessly within the somnambulist's reach. Joe Belton took up the the volume, and muttered : I' ienoe, loathed Meolncholy, Of Erobus and blacokest midnight bornn;'! -and--then, withl a dark expression of face and furlous gesture, hurled the book from him : Phil Oxley was onsolous that his hair was rising on his head, and that he was as damp all over with persptration na if tiae cabin had been suddenly eonnected with a slow oven. Jhln Dawling sail nothing and did nothing, but elimply sat and stared. lIlo felt th.t he was so rooted to thie looker, that hadl a gun proclaimed a vesselin danger, little short of steam power oould have lilted him to his feet. Joo Delton crossed the floor, and stopping abshort against thbo wall, loaned Ills arm heavily upon it, and begant to speak. S"Well, Nanoy," lie said. "you kntow bot. I have tried to win your. heart, not to steal it, like a common thlief, You havn allowcll your ears to hbe poisonoed against mo by lalob Ilozo. Ite Is my rival, and would say any. thing againot 00, I swear by HIim thlt made me, and whonse hand rules the lhind and sona, thlat at the time ]tzo says I was in Portemouth, I was two dlay on a journey to hltta." Slo easeed speaking, and raised hise hed ns atnleinge for a reply to his avowi,, "You dolubt ule," ie contlnuecd, in the voile of a strong man subduing his passion,. "I seo it written on your fAoes I read it In your e ryO, And it isn't doubt, Nanocy you want to lind ani exueos to get rill of mo, .Yot favorOalueb l' o, Whet I you any nq? I ay yes, " W\lil I'll go; for I'd oooner go into the san wilth a shot at my hlotaeels than marry a girl whto did not placo her wrlhole faith in moe." SJoe Unlton wahlltd away a few paaos, and then turned hank again, I Tell Colcb ltoro to give me a wide berth,' ho saoid, " I've nlways thought it woe my nalure to forgot and forgive, but I'll never forget or forgive the mon whsei lying tongue Ilas blighted mny lifo and tLurned my heart to p?all, Toll him so-toll hlIm to keep heyond ihoroaohl of my arm I and goodbyo, Nanoly efor hlbs time good.byes," Tln enomnambalist crossed the cabin, and, Spaesing out, went calmly book to his ham meeook, au it he was weary, and his watch beo low had jaet begun. For nome momnents Phil Oxley and Jim Dowling did tc t spealk, but as length 1'nil brolec loo silence. '" Whlat-what d'yo think e' that?" he asned, eoarcely above his breathn. "It's the awlulleet thin:g I ever saw, LIr', I've got the pins and ueedles all over me I" "I think," Jim Dawling replied," that the beat thang Grim Joe can do is to go ashore nod see a doctor as quick as polsible." "But the relief boat won't be here for mor'n a work, and you know the penalties for any man quitting the ship without leave. Shall we tell Joe how he's been carry ing on 2" Jim bawling turned the question over in his mind for some momenta, and replied in the negative. ' \VWhat good would it do ?" he argued. " It would only frighten him and make him the more miserable to think that he had been walking and talkingin his sleep. We'd better keep a olaeo watch over him, and mention the matter to th ottiler, lie knows Grim Joe's ways, and will find some exnuse to got him ashore." It was a dark, wild March night. The wind was blowing hard, and the sea ran higb. Every now and then the lightning glared upon the storm.toesnd ocean and the distant desolate o?st, and the thunder roared as if tearing the mighty piles ol clouds asunder. While Olesy and D.awlhig were yet discus. alng. Oim.-Joeoae bout rof-sleep.ealkinul, anod promising to divulge it to no other mean on board, the hoaree roar of the foghorn rent the air. As fast nq their feet couldl carry them, Oxley anild Dwlingronshed on dde!t, and they were quickly followed by Joeo lelton, who, having slipped bil legs into his liekb, coem. pleted the rest of his toilet, sailor.like, as he went to where duty onlied hinm " There was a flare shown out eouth'ard," said thie mean who had souoded the alarm ; "nod once I thought I sow a vessel, but at firet I thought the lightning had deceived me. Look I look I There she is," "Shn's running on to the sands," Jon Belton cried, anatching tip a speaking trumtpet, " nod Heaven help her: and all on board if shi dooen't sheer off. Kenp the horn going. l in out the gun, and gineo her a louder warning. What does tile captain mean by unning into thlia jaws of death like this? lie must be either drunk or mad." OrashlI went the report of the gun. It was answered by another, and a tol flore, which told its own story only two well. " Sho's lost her helm," Jim Dl)wling said. "ofl how she reills and flunders, Mhy the Lord rente d th id about I All, sboe trikesl eito strikes I Poor souls, they are lost, every one I" Teo gsns were now being answered by an other lightship, some live miles distnat, nnd at the nearest lifeboat station men were malting haste to help the ahipwreacked marl. Ligltts fIlshed, guns boomed, the fog hlarn ereeched, and men shouted-alas, all in vain I Tieo haplees vessel, driven on the sands, was doomed to detlruotlon. Ae its keel struoe upon the treacherous sanda it groaned and shuddered like some huge living thing in pain. And, an If in mnokery, the wind hs?wled louder, and its furious gusts drove the waves mountai-lhisght. Sectis of foam and Hurt now over the lightship, blinding thie mon, who olung, neareely breathing, to the rigging. "The lifeboat will never reach her," some. body saouted. * Listen." Amid tie uproar enmo tile crashing of timber, and than snuch a cry of defpair. as mand the stoutent heart sink and q:ltae. " lau's naseling down," Jim DBwling said, during a momanttary lull in tihe storm. " But see I one poor fellow ihas trusted hisnIelf to a spar, and in driling away frem the ship. 113 might as well pihen faith in i straw. Heaven help us, we call do no'hing. Our boats would crack like nutshells in such a see. At that momeont tile sky became ablaze with a terrifll flsh of lhghtu!ng, or rather a succeesio of fluashes, and they allowed the despairing ilgure clinging with the strength of agony to the spar. tlis features were as plainly nseen as it a ray of limelight had been turned on them, antd even the convulsive notion of his hands, as Ihe tried to pull him. self higher and higiher Into the tangled cord. age, was visible. Lode," s.aid Joe Beltln, pulling ilea solth. wester tightly over his head, ' I am going after that man, bu I don't sal any one else here to run the risk, It's my tflir, for yonder floeta the man who did me the greatest wrong I ever endured. I want him to see me before he goao under. I want him to know that 1 have had my reveonge at last." " You are mad," Phil Oxley cried, ' Joe I Joe I you are not. yourself; youl are dreamt log. Onn't you see that yell will be com. mitling suicidal All that any man here oeon do is to stand by, and Iling a lita.buoy to the poor wretah it he happens to pass this way." iStand back, yop, Poll Oxley, and you all," Joe Belton yelled, stnatahbsg nup Ol axe, as the menu advaneed tovnards ihln. '' Sanu or mud, I will hiave my way, and I nom going. Stand back, I say; the mau who thiilso of trying to stop me had better Say bin prayers." * Ood.byo, then, Joe," said Jim D.awling. "We're not afraid to do our duty, but we are afraid of doing foolish, ueeleas note, Look at the sea, listen to the wind, and toll me it anything but a well.manued lifeboat can live five minutes." " 1 don't expect to come uack," Joe Belton retorted. "I only want him to catch sight of me, and I shall be satisfeld." Ae he spoke he out away tlhe dviles, and leaped into the boat as it plunged into the boiling surge. The dlatreatod men thought that the frail oraft and Joe Bilton and been drawn under the light.ship, and they raised a spontaneous shaout as they saw tile detorminined mans pulling with all hia might. And then they lost eight of him in the 'trough of the mighty waves ehasing each, other in mard haste. c Ke's a dead man," l'Palil Ouley walled "But wbsticould we do? Ile'd hlave kept hble word, eni killed the elrst man who ot. tempted to stop hIim, And uow ho'sgone for overl Poor Juol" But no; the man benton so strange an errand appeared to hIave a chasrmed life, Tua boat redo tlhe waves like n eavan, and lnearer and nearer it drew to Ithe apar wilth its wretched burden of lumunity, hIoplug aegalntst lhope, and erying I heloartroudmag aon eunts for hIelp when it seuemed no earthly help could come. VlWhen within n few yards of the drownling man, Joe DIlton turno6 thile blades of tho oera flt io the water and leaned over tihe igunwale. " O~lul I?sne," iheo shouted, in a voioe tlhat rosa uoove itse wind and the turbulent oaealn, "Ynu know me., L sol at me. I nam Joue lllton, tihe man whono heIrart you kIlled the man swhosu bhatter nature you elew with your lying tlungue., I have aclme lere to sean you die, DB your hear? I havoe oomo to see yeu dia," 1ame was a powerful, musoulsr man, but his streougth was onearly sposs. ll hosard Juoo lidlton' torriblo word's tnd a ory of anguish buret from Illse lipi yet in that agony of despair Ise made one more ris,r desertad the spar, aud lutobced frasntlcall at tile hbnt, "T'ake your Ihanda away, or I wlllboat them sal" ' Jun Balton yelled.st " Do you ren. member the Ilo you uttered? You told Nanoy thas I was only fstling wits Itor, and itle you Iad seesn mo in the oompany of my rsetl .wotiheart t' Portsamouth. Away wltl you lI Down, downtsand drawn like a ldog I" "Jsle I Joe I" shrieked tlhe frantio man, " If you beat me olff it will he murder,. If you have no pity on me, think of my wile n4 ohildron, Think how Ihoy will mlei I me, the breadwinner. Think how they lots me, and how I love them. Oh, it is hard t dieo like this, almost in eight of home, I God takes my life, He gave it; but you are only a man, and net my judge. liate me a, you will, Joe, but give me a chance, ano earn the thanks and prayers of innocent children who have done you no harm-little children who are ignorant that their lather ever wronged you in thought or deed." The very storm seemed to hursh its voice that the words of this appeal might he heard, and the man who had risked his l.fe to see hil enemy die before his eyes became o a little child himself. With the strength of a giant lie pulled Caleb R:zo into the boat.just as a sehtut from the men crowded in the rigging of the wreck announced that the lifebooa wne coming. lie swooned, and the boat floated away at the mercy of the waves, and the last lash of lightning-for the storm clouds were now rolling away-showed it indiatintely plung. ing ehorewards, occupied apparently by one man, rowing as for dear life; but hidden from view was another man, who lay in. animate, helpless, and a mere mas of huddled clothing. There was a rush to the Sailors' Home at Sholleac, for the lifoboaltmen had done their duty nobly, and out of all the creer of the vessel, now a wreck on the MIlddlestrand sands, only one man was missing- COlab ItRza Tqe storyeabout Joe Belton sgn-grgbotalle.t It was told and retold, with many alterations and datltions, tnl everybody was making up his and her mind that Jue had firet lnd his revenge, and thrown himself into the cean aftereleards, whien, cool n a ououmber, Joe DlIton himself marched into the S.ilora' lirloe. " I want to acu the achplaiu," h said., "I have so:mething partieuelr to say to him, If any of yeou want a j b, you cit, take a trolly and bring along a bust tha:t belongl to the lightship from Ihove." The chaplain lost no time in interviewing his unFxproted vil tor, and learned from him that OuCle 11 za was not onily safe, but by that time brintg attended to by his own wile at home, " l couldn't face her," ,Jlo telton said," on I sont him on by uouu Ilithermcn. H'ton I thilnk, air, how narrowly I escoptd having tan bloond of a mnn on my hands: , I feel faint and ciddy. I will sit down a moment, if you please, air." " elton," replied tleo chaplain, "you llayed two parts, but the better one ipro. veiled. 11.ry the paet, ,and remel:n:e.r .that we c:o t ler ere over weak, To err is hluman; to forgive divine." ' Thee are people down hITve way who will point you out an old oman wlndeting on the boeoh, with littlel chldre: hovering round him, and tell you that t he father of the youngsters is t t ea, and that lhe who watches them with no much tentldrness lives in a cittangs on the o!ill, but conmes down every day for a walk with tile little one?. And lisa name is Joe lielton, who locks upon his not of revenge as the best oneo he ever performed ia his lfe. 