LONDON TABLE TALK. [From oar Special Comespondent. 1 London,. December. Id, 189L The extensive washing of matrimonial dirty; linen in public which Marius and Florence St. John have been going through these last ten. days does not appear to. have benefited either party materially.. Legally they are much where they were before the case began, but morally and socially I should imagine the reputations of, both, are whabiAxthux Roberts would call ' a, bit off.' Of the km it mint he confessed Marius pulled ttoongh the ordeal best. In the - character of the doting but neglected husband 'Mons' was highly effective, or would have been but for the embarrassing' episode of Miss Marie Suella. 'Still,' said the culprit, when frankly confessing his fdwejaas, ' what would you do, Sir Charles, if your wife deserted you? Marie was all I had left.' Sir Charles Russell will long remember his crossexamina tion of the Anglo-Frenoh actor. Marius answered quite respectfully, bat again and again he discomfited, the eminent counsel till the court rang with laughter and applause. In the same way on Monday last Mr. GUI got considerably the worst of a duel of wits with Mr. Cohen, whom Marius accused of' adultery, with his wife.. Cohen was Harry. Marks's ' sub' on the Financial News, till re gently., and was prominently concerned in the various scandals rightly ' or. wrongly associated with tiiatr eminent city magnate's name. About a year ago when, the Raemine libel case was being tried certain persons would much have liked to get Cohen into the. witness-box. 'Unfortu- nately, however, he .happened to be ill at Scar horoughandcould not attend. This circumstance and others. prejudiced the iury so. that you-may. remember they gave their, verdict; in de fiance of the evidence against i^VH In ap pearance Cohen is a repb.ca.of Wertheimer and some score of other smart young Jews. He would have seemed wdl dressed but for the touches of vulgarity ob3ervablein,a gold-headed umbrella, a diamond: rinfo and a watch-chain just a thought' too heavy. -Trie jury, as you. know, found that Cohen did not commit adul tery, with Miss St. John and, gave him costs, wbich Marius. will have, to pay. They. also found that, the. charge, of cruelty, brought -by. the. lady against her. husband was false. - To adultery Marius confessed. The Court of Appeal has reversed the. judg ment of Mr. Justice Stirling , with regard to theSavemake estate, and decided that in the interests of all- concerned Lord Iv«agh'fl offer of £750,000 must be accepted. Li coming to this decision the: court explained it was not moved by any sympathy for the- tenant for -life (Lord Ailesbury). That persoD, said Lord Justice Lindley, could be. compendiously de scribed as a spendthrift who had. brought dis grace on an old and honored family. Bub the remainder, men, the. marquis, creditors, and the tenants on the estate, had all to be oonr eidered, end these would be benefited by the sale. Only a very wealthy man could afford an estate like Savernake Forest, and neither the heir-apparent nor the heir- presumptive were rich. Mr. W. G. Wills, the dramatist, novelist, and pastelliBt, who died at Guy's Hospital on Sunday night after a short illness, had a strangely checkered career. Again and again success came to him and he appeared to have the ball at his feet, but he did not know how to kick it, and the opportunity somehow slipped by. Wills might, his friends think, have become as prosperous as Pinero and as rich as Geo. R. Sims had he cared to persevere. He began writing novels, and David Chantrsy,' 'The Wife's Evidence,' and 'Notice to Quit ' (the story of a nuuLSuffering from a mortal malady) enjoyed some vogue in their day and may still be picked up occasionally in two shilling form. Wills7? first dramatic success was the 'Man o! Airlie,' in which Hermann Yezin made a great name. Irving saw it and got to know Wills. Thisled to the production of 'Charles the First' at the Lyceum in 1872. It ran nearly, a year, and 'Eugene Aram,' a qualified success, followed. In 1876 Miss Heath: produced 'Jane Shore' at the Pxincess'flxana?»aae a big hit. Here Wills met the lessee!«^Bng husband, Wilson Jarrett, who years later- wm to achieve triumphs in his 'C8audiair^«D$?ltr£iana.' The year 1878 saw Wills again, tio the fore with ' Olivia,' but-his ' Vanderdeo^fli' and ' Nell Gwyane' were about the. fli#B6- time com plete failures. 'Faust' was j fife, deceased's most recent eacoesa, if one, exceptB 'A Royal Divorce,' now running at the Olym- i pio. Mr. Wills's great defect was that he had no sense of humor, Andrew Lang sums ! him up thus — He would willingly have bar tered all his successes with the pen for one witB the brush. But he had- never mastered the technique of painting ; and such sense of the want of it as. he was compelled to derive from the censures of the critics and the indiffe rence of. the public fretted his heart out. As a pastelliBt he was much more successful. He had several commissions from royal personages ; he more than once travelled to Windsor 'by command ;' and he might have basked for ever in the sunshine of royal favor if he had been more of a courtier. He loved his ease, and all personal share in the simplest mani festation of the pomp of life was to him a hate ful servitude. In character and disposition he was an Oliver Goldsmith born a century- too late. He wae more lavish of his guineas in perfectly hopeless loans than even his great original. He had a real gift of absence of mind ; his childlike simplicity.' stood him in lieu of -wit. He was the hero of one. or two stories of absolute self-forgetfulness which ought not to be allowed to die.' He was a good eon, a warm and' generous- friend, and, in all eke, no man's enemy but his own. Mr. Marion Crawford's ' Chronicles of the House of Saracinesca' will be concluded in Macmillan's magazine next year with a story called 'Don1 Orsinaw Orsino readers of 'Sant Hario^wiH remember was the son of the jealous Giovanni Saracinesca and the beautiful Corona. Mr. Crawford has done nothing better than his brace of 'Roman novels, which brilliantly picture a state of society now entirely- passed away. What a vivid bit of descriptive writing, for example, is the duel chapter jn 'Saracinesca.' In the opinion of many, indeed, it stands out as the bast duel in contemporary fiction, even surpassing Dickens's pistol affair in ' Nicholas Niekleby. .'Teas of the D'UrbervilW' relates the history of a good-looking peasant girl, who whilst young and ignorant of the gravity of her sin 'against society allows a better-off relative to sednce her-one moonlight night, A baby results, but dies soon, and Tess makes a fresh start in another part of Weasex. Here the hero, a shocking png named Angel Clare, woos, and after. some demur,, wins and marries the young woman. Tess makes several attempts to tell Angel of; her faux pas before marriage, but he frustrates them, and it is not till the first night, when the pair are 'canoodling' after tea, that her opportunity arises.. The* as. the bridegroom confesses to certain little affairs in the. past, for. which he is duly forgiven, the bride thinks her turn has come and tells alL But what is sauce for the gander is not sauoe for the . goose., Instead, of leniently overlookinfr Tess'sjpeocadillo, as she has done his, Angel: behaves in. a. perfectly fiendish manner and' casts his wife off.. la vain .she appeals to his love and compassion, and writes letters which wonld melt the heart of a stone. Clare rushes off. to Brazil, and a long time elapses before his disposition towards Tess changes. Eventually,, however, it does change; and he returns home remorseful. But 'tis too late. Poverty and the Maechiavellian designs of her firat betrayer have enmeshed the deserted wife, and in- despair of ever seeing Angel again Tess has become tha rich man's mistress. After meeting her repentant husband the miserable womanis diatraughb with agony and regrets, so that it requires very few taunts on herlovers part to makelier stab Kim to the heart; She then flies after AngeL The pair try and escape by unfrequented roads to the sea, but are eventually capturedatStonehenge. In the last chapter Tess is hanged, and Angel after seeing the significant black flag hoisted on the prison flagstaff leaves Wessex. Mr. Hardy has written nothing quite so gloomy and' pessimistic as' this story before. He evidently believes too his sequence, of events is strictly logical; Mrs. JSngsIey, widow of Charles Kingsley, died on Saturday last at . an advanced age. She helped' her husband materially in his work, writing- out nearly the whole of 'Alton Locker and' 'Hypatia' from dictation. W™ Kingsley was the. youngest of the. seven daughters of the late. Mr. Pascoe Grenfell, MP.^ of Taplow Court, all of whom were extremely graceful] accomplished women and married well. One became the- first Lady Wolverton, another Mrs. J.' A. Froude, a third Mrs. Max Mueller, and -a fourth Lady Sydney Godolphih Osborne. Charles Kingsley 's youngest daughter, Mary, married th& Rev. ' Wi Harrison, rector of Clonelly^ in Devon, and is- known to the world as 'LusaisMale^'' author of 'Tbe Wages of Sin.' The 1892 ' volume of' that: excellent work of references ' 'Hazell's Annual,' is nearly twice the size of its immediate predecessor and con tains a number of new features. The most important of these are the brief biographies of new- thinkere, writers, and workers, and really admirable retrospects of- accomplishments- in art, musio, -drama, literature, and science during the twelvemonth. Close upon 200,008 copies of Mr. Stead's 'Real Ghost Storied have already been sold. Nothing- like this ba& ever been known in the trade in such a short time before. 'Mr.- Rudyard Kipling's reputation has been upheld- at Qrford. By a majority of 62 to 53 .the union decoded on Wednesday that the popularity of -his novels waff notr a sign of the wortUessneas-of jxspular taste. Barriehaa forithe thfe being quite bowled out Kipling. Mudie, who«ughfrto know, says 'The Little Minister' is having a greater vogue for a three- volume novel than 'any work- of fiction since 'Adam- Bede.' Barrie himself tells me hp is deluged with - commissfens, some of them 'onyour own terms; ' He would like now to abandon-iis'CQntra*frfbr thoIWusiwfetf News, he could- do so much better. Naturally, however, ihejnoprietors mean to hold him tight to its This work will be-a three-volume novel of theatrical life and follow Mr. Haggard's new story; commencihg about March next. Mr. Barrie means to abandon journalism and devotehimself entirely, to novel and play writing in future. * Truth compels us to state that Wyndham's Bob Sackett is not what it- was fifteen years . ago. Then has high spirits and vivacity were infectious because spontaneous ; now y-m can see the aotor. works, and works hard. Possibly, too, 'Brighton,' like Byron's comedies, has had its day and seems old fashioned. The piece draws good business ? at present and probably will continue to do so, as lots of the rising generation want to see the volatile Charles in his most famous part. The figures which Sir Augustus Harris has given Harry How. for his interview in the new Strand magazine musttmany of them bs taken cum grano. For instance, it is no doubt true that the scenery and dresses for the Drnry Iane pantomime cost from £16,000 to £20,000, but Sir Augustus gets something consider able back_by leasing or selling the scenery afterwards* to. f provincial and Continental theatres. Thedreaies, armor, and properties used at Old Drury axe 'also disposed of secondhand and fetch surprisingly large sums. The famous manager, says the procession of nations in ' Humpty Dumpty' will cost £5,000 in cos? tames, Tbul did not add that of that sum. he may get. £L000 back. This, at any rate, was- the amount paid for the secondhand dresses of the Bird ballet at Old Drury. The greatest care is taken of the dresses by the wearers and wardrobe folk. Woe betide the super or ballet ^irl, whom the eagle-eyed stage- manager deteots with a button missing, or a lace tarnished. ' Sins. Miss Brown a shilling, Jones,' says he to his subordinate. Sit Augustas,, told Harry How last opera seasonieturns and expenditure about balanced; the former, amounting to £80,819. He spent £15,000 on mounting 'Otello,' and the year before 'Romeo e Guilietta' cost evenmora Of course this ia all laying up so much capital., CQvenjbGarden.caanow.mounti a larger number, qf -operas ia first-class style than any theatre in the world. 