The constitution of the proposed Central Board of Benevolence, which, after the manner of Aaron's rod in swallowing up the serpent rods of the Egyptian, is designed to swallow up the lsdies' benevolent societies, haB been formally approved by a meeting of representa tives. Professor Morris remarked that if many societies stood out the whole scheme would fall to the ground. In the true interests of charity, therefore, it is to be hoped tb&t; many will'stand out and that the u schcme ' will suffer a process of cremation from which it will never recover. That ao union among the ladies' societies is desirable, that it would be useful and profitable, goes without saying. If the committees of tbe different societies could send repre* ehtatives to a central committee to discuss their mutual work, and (o com pare notes with a view to checking any imposition, all that is necessary would be accomplished. But the Central Board of Benevolence proposes to lay its hands on the Government subsidy, to punish those societies which will not come in by pockcfing their share of the subsidy, and to spend it is 11 paying officers,' etc., and the etcetera will not amount to very much by the time the money has had to go round the official staff. We have not the ghost of an idea as to what gentlemen are designed for these respective billets, but as it is provided that 'a sufficient investiga tion ' must be made into 'every appli cation for assistance,' it is quite evident | enough that alarge staff will be required, | and a host of officials crcated to locust like eat up that which was intended for the poor. Plainly put, it is tbe substi tution of the paid iron-grip charity officer for the benevolence of the volun teer, and should it ever be realised we shall speedily see the ladies who have done so much real and practical work entirely erased. Better a few cases of imposition than a squad of amateur detectives drilled into tbe idea that every poor person is a rogue, responsible only to an irresponsible committee, and forming an addition to the long list of state sustained officials. Oub issue on Saturday next will con- 1 tain several matters of special interest, includiugan excellent engraving represeut ingthelateUr. Edmand Ashley, J. P., togeth er with a biographical sketch of tbe deceased , gentleman's career. As there will probably be an unnsaally heavy demand for copies of the issue, our agents and others | interested had better make early provision , in order to obviate disappointment. The width of wheel-tibes on heavy | vehicles, although apparently not of much moment, is a serious matter in the country districts, and not without importance in the suburbs. The shire of Colac has been enlisting tbe sympathies of the local suburban councils in the matter, pointing out the unnecessary wear and tear of pavements caused by narrow tires on vehicles heavily loaded, and asking for | joint action in procuring the passage of a - law regalating the width of tires according to the load carried, the bans being ' 900 lbs i per inch per wheel,' in other words that , when a vehicle loaded weighs more than 900 lbs per wheel, the width of tire shall be proportionately more. Tbe eabject , when looked into appeared to be wprthy of investigation, and support is to be generally given to the conference proposed by Colac. I In acoobdakob with onr usual custom we again' make Our Christmas Appeal to i onr readers for funds -for the charitable j institutions which do so much to lighten the load of suffering which poor humanity ' bean* We have been enabled each year I since we made our flrat appeal to hand over a very acceptable amount to various in stitutions, and althoogh the present is a i time when people are keeping.their money i very secure in-their pockets, we hope tbat our appeal may cause them, to unbutton 1 them just a little, and that they will i help to fill old Santa Glaus' bag with good things. Oub readers, especially those who desire to do good at this joyous season of the year, will not need urging to attend the Masonic Choral Service to be held on tinnday afternoon next in aid of tbe fends of the Royal Viotorian Blind Institution which is just now sadly in need of financial help. The service is under the anspioes of tbe City of Prahran Lodge, and a very large gathering of Hasons is expected. The Rev. Dr. Bevan will preach the sermon, and tbe Hcv. O. Falkingham will act as precentor ; while a most elaborate musical programme has been arranged for tbe occasion. A powerfol orchestra will assist, And the musical portion of the proceedings will be in Choir-master Truelove's able hands; so that a rate treat may be anticipated, Tas annual 'report of the Victorian Bye and Ear HoBpUal marks the conclusion of a qaartcr of a centory of one of our most usefol institutions. Daring last year no less than 3582 new cases were treated in addition to several hundred remaining from the previons year, 404 being received into the wards, while the number of. operations performed wsb 819. It is evident that the benefits of the' hospital, are far reaching, 82 of the cases being from othercolouies,and 335, ornearly 10 percent, beyond a radius of 60 miles from Melboarne. Tbe total revenue was £2441 19s. 4d., being £26G 8s. 8d. less than the previous year. The maintenanccaccount, however, stood nearly 6till, so tbat it was, with the closest economy, £275 8s. 5d. in excess of the receipts. Foitunately the endowment fund was increased by £334 7s. lid., and now stands at the respectable total of £1304 19s. Od. The combined cboihb of St. George's Presbyterian Church, Bast St. Eilda, and the South Yarra Presbyterian Church will render The MeBsiah to-morrow evening at the former church,' the principal soloists being Uiss Bertha Roseow, Miss Sims and Miss Kemp, and Messrs. Armea Beaumont and Gladstone Wright. &lr.; Julias Hers will officiate at the organ, and Mr. T. J. Hammond will aot as conductor. With each a powerful and artistio musical com bination, a treat of rare occurrence may be looked forward to. The MoCloy benefit will take place ' this evening at the Prahran Town-ball, when F. Parker's five-act sensational drama, ' A Life for a Life ' will be presented by a strong company, the bencfoiairt taking the character of 41 Timothy Knox.' The Prahran Dramatic Club and kindred amateur societies have been exerting them selves to make tbei entertainment worthy of the patronage of the public and financially satisfactory to Mr. UcCioy,wbo has always been ready to assist in pro moting the advancement of local amateur ism and in rendering help in all cases of charity, and tho proposed benefit is well deserved. Among otheu complications which sarronnded the introduction into Prahran o£ the new night-pan system last year waB the payment of the 10b dufc f roin rbtepayert. ' It will be remembered that, with the expectation that the service would begin in April, 1891, the 10s. rate was levied from that date, but owing to unforsoen delays it was aot begun until six months later. As many of the ratepayers were appre hensive that they would be done out of six months' service which they had paid for, it was stated in tbe council that they would only be required actually to pay as from 1st September, 1691, although the rate papers and receipts were of necessity made oat dated from the 1st April. The time has now worked round so that the matter can be formally 6et straight, and the council on Monday voted to rescind the resolation making the payments due on 1st April of each year, and fixed tbe change to date from the 1st. October in cach year. The receipts for the pan- service will therefore now square with the actual period of service, and as a matter of fact, the date being fixed to tally with the municipal, year, the ratepayers will this year be the gainer^ by not having to pay for the month of September. I A glabino injustice to tbat portion of I the travelling public who use the Prahran station rankles in the soul of Cr. William ! Davfcs. And it is this. The Brighton fast | express trains which skip proudly along from Windsor at 40 miles an hour or less, do not stop until they get to Melbourne. Il does cot matter so much to Richmond and South Yarra possengere, who can work in Box Hilli Caulficld, Glen Iris and other convenient trains, but unfortunate Prahran is just betwixt and between, 60 to speak, and travellers from that station, who cannot wait must either cab it, tram it, or shauke it, Witb.a view. to remedying (his 'injustice to Ireland,' Cr. Davies wauted a deputation to the railway com missioners, but the majority of the council thought that the Prahran station was well off now compared with other stations in the eastern part of the oity, and tbe -pro- posed deputation wasn't defftited. That enterprising manager, Mr. James Hendy, lately with Fitegerald1 Circus, will conduct a new theatrical enterprise at tbe ilclboarne Opera Honse, where, on Saturday night, a strong and carefully selected stock company will open in ' Current Cash,' of which, as played at Richmond last week, we gave a favorable notice, and which with tbe more complete accessories of the Opera House, under Hcndyfe efficient management, we nan predict a big success for. 'Current Cash ' is a powerful and well-constructed drama, and we notice is now having a tremendous run at Niblo's Theatre, New York—the big theatre sacred to melodrama and spectacular show in the big American city. The Bible Christians of the Grand View rove Ohurcb, Bast Prahran, are hard at work in connection with the sale of Christmas presents to be heldon Friday and Saturday. The ladies of the church under* take to pay the interest which accrues on the building loans, and for some time past they have been aotively engaged in wiping out with their needles (if such au expres sion is allowable) this annual liability. Sewing meetings have been held each Wednesday afternoon and have resolved themselves in the evenings into social gatherings, the latter drawing the members of the congregation together and keeping alive that spirit of harmony which has always been characteristic of a church which though small has grown vigorously. The Bale will be opened on Friday after noon at 8 o'clock and will continue open for business on that afternoon and on Saturday. ' NoboDy will spend any money ' is a constant cry. It is not that the depression has left ns all poor, but simply that we have all been frightened of putting out a shilling lest a Syndicate— that modern bogie— should snap it op. The returns of' the Savings Banks for the month ot November show where the money is going.' In the countiy branches tbe inorease of deposits during that month amounted to £81,846 and in the Melbourne and suburban braUches to £16,676, tbe grand, total on deposit being £8,781,627. A people who oan put away nearly four millions of savings in the Commissioners* banks alone, la addition to what is deposited in tbe Post-office bank, Is not so very bard-op. Whebb did tou get those docks, was the inquiry made at the Prahran court, last week, of William Baker, who gained some notoriety a short time since from a weird tale which he told to account for the presence in his arm of a charge of small shot, deposited there by Mr. Oornish as a warning to let his fowls alone. William, who was just out of the hospital, with his arm in a sling, had not been able to resist bis characteristic craving for poultry, and employed bis first days of convalescence in lifting nine ducks from Toorak House on the night of last Tuesday week, in which petty felony he was surrounded by Constable Don. The theft was dearly proved, and a coated, who was shown to have a number of previous couviotions against him, made no defence. He pleaded, however, for a light sentence to enable him to leave tbe country and reform, alleging like the Frenchman who had murdered his parents and claimed to be an orphan that he was crippled in his arm and unable to work at present. The bench gave him three months retirement to effect a cure. There ib a booh in State-school child ren's concerts in St. Kilda this week. last night the Fitxroy-street school opened the ball to a grand house, with u William Tell11 and 'The Merrie Men of 6herwood Forest,' a full report of which will appear in . Wednesday's issue. To-night the Brighton-road school take their turn, when an equally food house may be expected. The programme inclndes selections of recitations, dances, piano duets, and a song 'Little Dame Grump,' by twenty little girls, tbe ptcce dc resistance of tbe evening being the cantata. ' The Birds and tbe Fairies,*' which from the efforts that have been put forth by teaahers and scholars, under the conduct of Mr. James Lewis, may be expeoted to be a charming per formance. We expect to see a large and delighted audience ot what is sure to be a most enjoyable entertainment. Scientific and cognate subjects are treated in a most interesting manner in the November number of the Engineering Magazine, which we have received from Messrs. G. G. Turri and Co., per Mr. Webb, Junction, St. Kiida. Specially interesting will be found an essay on strikes, by Julian Hawthorne, son of the great novelist ; Socialism And the Industrial Conquest, which ebould be read by all thoughtful students of political economy ; and Electric Power in Mining ; while all the articles are of interest to the untechnical as well as tbe scientific reader. For interesting treatment of technical subjects so as to be comprehcnBiblo by the general reader, the magasine is unsurpassed. The Abons will case, which has sup plied more gossip for Prahran people than anything else which has occurred since tbe Mercantile Bank closed its doors, has ended in tbe will being upset. Judge Hodges found thst the old man was a drunkard, a frequenter of immoral houses, and incapable 1 of executing the will. He acquitted Perl of exercising undue influence, though be had grave suspicions about it. Perl was ordered to pay the costs of the case with the excep tion of the caveator's, whose costs are to be paid out of the estate. And thus is afforded another exemplification of the tnith of the proverb, ' Many a slip 'twixt the cup and the Hp.' ; From Mb. M. L. Hutchinson, the well known publisher, of 805 Little Collins street, Melbourne, we have received a copy of ' The Tourists1 Illustrated Goide to the Western Watering Plaoee,' embracing the district from 6pring Creek on the coast to Corio Bay, Geelong. The Guide not only I gives all neoessary particulars regarding tbe several routes, fishing, shooting, and other sports, but also a good description .of tbe varions holiday places in this attractive district. The Rev. Dr. Campbell con tributes some interesting matter on ' Early Days,' ' The United Service Home,' and a 'Family Seaside Outing,' and a paper on the geology of the district is given by T, 6\. Hall, M.A. There are some twenty-five views in tbe book, and as tbe whole is issued for tbe low price of 6d., it is hoped the part of Victoria referred to will be brought within the knowledge of thousands of colonists who have hitherto been ig norant of its beauties and advantages. The sensational embezzlement from a Port Melbourne bank was referred to in tbe St. Kiida police coart last week, when Messrs. Taylor Bros., who obtained a credit for £12 19s. lid. against Mr. W. E. fiolland, the defaulting teller, asked for immediate execution without the usual 24 hours' grace, under the not unnatural apprehension that unless action were taken immediately it would be a case of nulla lima. The application was granted. Wife HAVE RECEIVED a copy of Hutcbia son's Australian Almanac for 1893, this being tbe thirty-fourth year of issue of this popular work. In addition to the usual information contained in these publications, a variety of useful matter is given, including an educational register of Victoria, and Mr. Hutchinson, the pro prietor and publisher, is to be complimen ted on the production of one of the cheapest and best periodicals of the kind issued is Australia. Mbssbs. E. A. Pjetbebick and Co., the well-known booksellers and publishers of 8S0 and 982 Bonrke-street, Helbourne, have issued the Tear Book of Victoria for 1893, for which they have been appointed aole agents. The volume is, as usual, replete with information that is invaluable for pur poses of referenoe, inoludiog many interest ing statistical tables of all kinds with regard to the various colonies. Complete lists are furnished of the suoaessive Governors, Minis tries, and Parliaments of Victoria, and of tbe members of the present parliament, together with details of the voting at the last general election. Other portions of the bookgive the names of the prinolpal officers of all the Government departments, lists of mining wardens and of pensioners, snd reviews of important municipal, mining irrigation and water supply and other legis lation, together with statistics bearing on it. A postal gazetteer is one of tbe most nsefnl features, and in the sections devoted to ecclesiastical, educational, legal, medical, military and naval, sporting, commercial, aod financial matters, an enormous fund of information is supplied in a very conoise and bandy form, rendering the feat Booh as serviceable a book of referenoe as it is possible to find with regard to the very wide nmge of subjects which it ooveo. Thanks to thb patrons of the recent oonoert given in connection with the Deaf and Dumb Institution, the pupils, number ing about 60, were treated to a picnic at Heidelberg on Friday last, tbe ose of the local cricket ground having been kindly ?granted for the occasion. Mr. and Mrs. W. Jones, the indefatigable superintendent and matron respectively, went to consider able trouble in making the event enjoyable and in their commendable efforts they were enthusiastically supported by the assistant teachers and all associated with the insti tute, and the success of the outiog must have gone a long way towards repaying them for their exertions. For obvious reasons, the proceedings did not terminate with the inevitable cheers, but in their own peculiar way the deaf and dnmb picnickers showed their appreciation of the efforts put forth on their behalf. A SHREWD AMebioAN has bit upon a plan for collecting bad debts, which has been found very success EoL He dresses his collector in a suit of gleaming red. The color is eo brilliant that it attracts im mediate attention, and as everyone knows that he collecta debts for a particular firm, a visit from him tells all the neighbours that the visited are in debt. Frequent visits proclaim the fact that the parties are unable or unwilling to pay, and they are glad to discharge (heir liabilities in order tbat they may get rid of sach an intolerable nuisance. Why do the people of Melbourne whine and make a great noise over their financial troubles 1 — asks a money organ of London. Considering that the English press led the way to the ' whine,' demon strated to Australia that it was hopelessly Insolvent, incurably vicious, chronically prodigal — that it was, in point of fact, a broken-down yonng rake, with galloping consumption in its chest, and disease in all its bones, to ask it now *' Why do you wbiue f Why don't you get up 8nd go to work again -is particularly cool. 'The healthier tone apparent of late has been maintained during the past week, although the absolute improvement to be registered is slight. Tbe monetary in stitutions are generally finding money rather more abundant, but cannot as easily find outlets for its use.' Thus writes the commercial man of the Melbourne Argus. When the harvest returns begin to find their way through the hands of the farmers and country storekeepers down to 'the lane,' the revival oaght to be accentu ated largely. 