RELIGIOUS SERVICES. ST. PAUL'S CHURCH.—The Venerable Archdeacon MacCullagh conducted the ser vices yesterday. In the morning be preached from I. Kings, xviii., 43—“And said to his servant, go,up now, look and see; and bo wont up and looked, and said- there is nothing. And ho said, go again seven times.” In an interesting sermon, the preacher dwelt at length upon the need and efficacy of prayer, illustrating his remarks by the story of the prayer of Elijah, contained in the chapter, IE the Almighty from the beginning, ho said, hid a foreknowledge of all events that were to happen, and the law of nature controlled all things temporal, it might be asked ns to what would the use of prayer for such gifts ho. Temporal things were, how ever, not the highest gifts in God's-bestowal. In asking for them, wo know that if what we asked were for our good wo would receive it, for tho law of nature . was the law of God, and would bountifully supply all earthly needs. Tho preacher concluded by referring to tho grand spiritual gifts in God’s posses sion, access to which wo had only by prayer, 7 lhrough the divine mediator—Jesus Christ. CONOUEOATIONAL CuUECH,— Tho Rov. R. Keith Maokay preached in this church yester day. In tho morning tho subject was (> Chosen men," tho text being Acts vi., 6-7. There was a largo congregation. The sermon was one of a series dealing with the history of tho church in tho time of the apostles, and was directed to deacons as helpers in tho Christian Church, and their power and re sponsibility. "Mr. Maokay quoted from scrip ture to show tho ultimate position of tho kingdom of Christ when tho kingdoms of this world shall become tho kingdom of our God and his Christ. Tho preacher said that it is the duty of all Christians to perfect tho organisations so ns to bring the maximum of power from tho machinery employed so that tho cause of the Lord may make headway in tho world. Ho stated that tho office of deacon, as provided for by tho apostles, and now existing in tho Congregational Church, was of immunso assistance in the extension of the Church. Tho candidates for tho offico of deacon should have peculiar qualifications as tho duties of the office wore onerous and re sponsible, But if tboy aro men who aro not “fervent in tho.spirit, serving tho Lord,” tho groat probability is that, disliking to bo bur dened with any onerous service, they will look coldly upon the suggested schemes, they will withhold from them a cordial concur rence; and instead of forwarding the' plana required to render tho oburohes the instru ments of .greater good to the souls of men, they Will damn tho zeal of thos who propose them by predicting their failure. Tho men appointed by tho early church wore full of tho Holy Ghost, without which, Mr, Maokay said, no man or oharoh could successfully work for God. Faith was another requisite. Faith in God’s mission for tho church, faith in his own call to tho office, and faith in God to sustain, him. They must, also have great sympathy for tho poor and suffering and a warm heart tqwapd? tho erring ones, while tho young must hayo fi warm' place in their affections. In the course of tho sermon if was explained that the annual' ejection of deacons would take place during tho present week, when all the members of tho ohprch would bo entitled to vote. 