THE return of the industries of Vic- toria published by the Government Statist, is interesting reading if only for the reason that it shows us how much we are dependent upon others. It has so happened that all the returns published since the last census have borne very directly upon the budget proposals, and hence have an especial value. The latest return showing the varied industries of Vic- toria, both natural and protected, is a very sufficient proof that Victoria would in no way be benefited by a MCKINERLY tariff. It is significant, and bears out the contention of Sir HENRY WRIXON that the industries which have the highest duties are not the most successful. For instance, some better reason than has yet been given is needed to account for the fact that the woollen mills only em- ploy 838 hands, half of whom are females. With the raw material in abundance in our own country, surely an eminently natural industry such as this should show a better return. If the experience of raising the duty is to be repeated, even that number will not be maintained. Taking the whole number of hands employed in all the manufacturing industries the total is given as 53,525, of whom 8320 are females. This is out of an adult population of some 600,000. To show how little we are fitted to shut our- selves up in a close colony, dependent upon ourselves, only 12,400 of those are engaged in industries which find all their raw material with out importing it. This is making a very liberal allowance, for many of those industries are in some respects dependent upon an outside supply. These include, mostly, those engaged in supplying food, the printing trade, and all engaged in newspaper offices; and the country works, such as saw mills, the tanneries, and subsidiary trades to farming and grazing. Most of these would exist without a protec- tive policy, either high or low, and many of them export largely. It is doubtful whether free trade would affect the chaff- cutting, butter-making, and the general working up of raw material that would otherwise he left to waste that are such large factors in the total of industries living solely upon the internal supply. The balance of 41,125 are inextricably mixed up with one another, and one cannot he helped without in some way injuring the other. This is where rhe great difficulty of high duties comes in. In protecting one trade to give it an absolute mono- poly of the market we are destroying another. As, for instance, when the duty on woollens is raised to 45 per cent, to help the 838 men and women employed by them, not on the shortest hours or the highest wages, the raw material of the 4774 workers who are engaged in the clothing trade is taxed. This really seems anything but a fair or a sensible policy. In the same way, to put a heavy export duty upon fell mongery to help the 1000 men engaged in that trade, we tax the raw mate rial of 4000 bootmakers. Even among the distinctly factory in- dustries the number of those which an indiscriminate tariff taxes in all directions is in the majority. Amongst such industries .there are 8639 engaged in the iron trades. It. is a significant fact that the high duties demanded upon such a thing as cutlery is to meet the wishes of 46 men engaged in that branch. In the agricultural imple- ments branch there are 1155, and in the coachbuilding there are 2352 em- ployed. In both these cases they are largely dependent upon imported ma- terial, and a tariff that is hastily and carelessly brought forward makes against their well-being. The value of the return lies in the teaching of a kind of survival of the fittest; the right, to exist because they have been successful. To an outsider there is something very incongruous about woollen mills employing 838 hands, and the general dress trade 9140. It needs no calculation to show which is of the greater value to the community. That does not say that the woollen mills have not a claim to consideration. They undoubtedly have; but it is not clear why the one has succeeded and the other has not; why the one is a living industry and the other a very sickly one. The furniture trade is another to be highly protected by this budget, and it employs 1247; but this also is a trade dependent for success upon a supply of cheap timber and material generally. There are alto- gether 3320 industries represented, and the value of their buildings is given as £4,355,742. This shows a healthy state of affairs, but the health is more amongst those who desire a rest from tariffs than those who are crying out for an impossible McKinleyism. If the return teaches anything, it is that no revision of the tariff should take place without the most careful enquiry, for if enquiry is not given, there is a danger of killing energetic and successful industries to benefit others that have not been a success. Turning to the subsidiary industries of the producing forces, we find that the smaller industries connected with farming and production generally show a good face. The weight of bacon and hams made is given as 7,229,296 lb, and, exclusive of the amounts made by the butter and cheese factories, 10,860,844 lb of butter and 2,492,730lb of cheese were made on the farms. This lends weight to Mr Dow’s con- tention that the backbone of Victoria is not the farmer who ploughs the field and sows the corn, but the women of the farmers’ households whose willing hands turn to account everything they can lay their hands upon. Such a return from the homesteads of the colony represents largely the work of the farmers’ wives and daughters, and is one of those things that make for the success of farming generally. The whole of the items will well repay study, and if it only teaches our legislators that they are dealing with a. sensitive and complex machine when they are dealing with the tariff it will be of great value. The revenue returns for the quarter just ended are not altogether pleasant reading. The receipts for that term amounted to £1,807,711, which is £100,133 less than for the correspond- ing period of last year, and this not withstanding the extra imposts on beer, spirits, and tea. True, the latter have scarcely commenced to operate yet, having been anticipated, with the result of heavy withdrawals from bond towards the close of last quarter. This means that two or three months’ supply was obtained in order to secure the advantage of the cheaper rate, so that purchases for last quarter would not be normal. Spirits were most affected by these withdrawals, and this will account for the fall ing off, £148,946 being received from them, as against £208,956 for the July- September quarter of 1891\. In excise, too, there is a de- crease in connection with spirits, owing to the same reason, the receipts being £28,910, or £10,704 less than in 1891. Tea was not operated on so freely in anticipation of the increased tax, and the result is a slight increase (£874) as compared with the corresponding quarter of last year. Already the receipts from the excise duty on beer are making themselves felt, the amount obtained from this source being £6821, and during the summer months this should be largely added to. A significant item, which tells of a sad falling off in trade, is the reduction of the sum received for the sale of stamps by £17,897. The railway receipts were £654,336, which is £67,946 below the income for the first three months of the last financial year. Other prominent decreases are— Articles subject to ad valorem duties, £22,832; and progress payments on land, £13,464. Amongst the articles in connection with which there were increases are—Sugar and molasses, £18,614; duties on the estates of de- ceased persons, £34,517; and “miscel- laneous,” £36,000 (including two pay- ments of interest due by the Metropo- litan Board of Works). If there be any satisfaction in the fact, Victoria is not alone in show- ing a decrease in revenue as compared with the corresponding quar- ter of 1891. Tasmania’s revenue is £6784 less than it was for July to September, 1891. The South Austra- lian revenue for the last quarter was £171,860, as compared with £186,378 for the corresponding period of last year, the chief falling off being in customs, public works and services, railways, post and telegraph, and territorial. On the other hand, Queensland and New South Wales present more hopeful statements. In the former colony the revenue shows an increase of £11,436 over the corresponding quarter of 1891, though Customs showed a decrease of £17,135 and stamp duties were £7000 less. On the other hand the railway receipts were £25,154 more than in July-September, 1891, and the gross expenditure shows a decrease of £291,000. In New South Wales there is an. increase of £114,666 on Customs, and £40,099 under the heading of land, the total net increase being £158,486. The outlook is not so hope- ful as it might be for Victoria, but there are not wanting signs that more prosperous times are in store. The real pinch of the failure of financial institutions has probably been felt more this last quarter than it was during the corresponding period of 1891\. This will be felt less as time advances, and it is hoped the current quarter will tell a different tale as re- gards the revenue. In the Legislative Council to-day con- sideration will be given to the Stamp Duties Bill and the Municipal Rating Bill. After the questions have been disposed of in the Assembly the motion for the second rending of the Municipal Overdrafts Indemnity Bill will be dealt with. The debate on the high duties of Customs proposed by the Go- vernment will then be resumed by Mr T. Smith. A meeting of clergymen and others to fix the date on which the annual charity Sun- day collections shall be taken up in the Bal- tarat churches, was held yesterday afternoon at the City Hall. The chair was occupied by Mayor Cooke, and there were also pre- sent a number of clergy and laity of various denominations. It was decided that the first Sunday in November be fixed for the taking up of the collection, and that the allocation be made as previously, viz.:—£50 for the Ladies' Benevolent Clothing Society, and the balance to be divided equally be- tween the Hospital, Benevolent Asylum, and Orphan Asylum. A case creating much interest was heard at the Town Police Court yesterday before Messrs Fitzgerald, Long, and Murphy, J’s.P., when Adolphus Rosenow, a resident of Gordons, was chargd by Constable O'Connor, of the Victoria street division, with being drunk and disorderly. The hear- ing lasted over an hour, and nine witnesses were examined. The accused was locked up by Constable O'Oonnor on Saturday even- ing, 24th September, and when he appeared before the court on the following Monday morning he pleaded not guilty, and asked the case to be reminded until yesterday, in order, that he could bring witnesses to show that he was sober when arrested. Constable O'Connor stated that on Saturday evening. 24th September, he saw; the defendant on the platform at the Ballarat East railway station. The accused fell against him, and wanted to light a match. He was drunk, and unable to light a cigar. He had had a conversation with him, and locked him up for his own safety. He was also abusive and disorderly. To Mr Pearson—The defendant was staggering on the platform, which contained very few people. Constable David Curtain, watchhouse-keeper, deposed to having seen the defendant brought into the lock-up at 7.30 on the night in question. He was then staggering drunk and not in a fit state to be at large. He had considerable experience in seeing men intoxicated, and was certain Rosenow was very drunk. He visited the cell an hour afterwards-= and the defendant was then too drunk to be bailed out. Constable Serpell stated that at 8.30 that evening he saw Rosenow in the cell and he was then drunk and not fit to be allowed out. For the defence, Mr Thomas Smith, station-master at Ballarat East, said he saw the accused on the station moving about erratically. He did not see him staggering about nor was he offensive. Louis Reiffel, tobacconist, Bridge street, gave evidence of having seen the accused on Satur- day evening, and he did not notice him under the influence of liquor. Edmond Fitzpatrick, porter at the Eastern Station, said that Rosenow did not appear drunk when he nipped his ticket previous to his arrest. Robert Chalmers, also a porter on the station, deposed to having seen the de- fendant who was able to walk all right, and whose conduct was always of a jovial nature. Patrick O’Neil, a passenger by the train, mentioned that he met Rosenow on the station, and he was able to take care of him- self. He had known him for a considerable time and found him to be of a jolly disposi- tion. Thomas Brownhill, book-stall agent, informed the bench that Rosenow bought three papers on the night in question, and paid him for one he got previously. Ac- cused was perfectly sober and asked for matches to light a cigar. The defendant next, made a statement on oath that he was not drunk, and that he had been convers- ing with O'Connor, when after a few words he was locked up. He was capable of taking care of himself, and it was not true that he was staggering drunk. He had taken seven drinks during the day. He was awake in the cell the whole night. Mr Pearson contended that there was no case, as the weight of evidence was in favor of the accused. He thought the constable should have shown better discretion, and not have locked the man up. Mr Fitzgerald, chair man of the bench, remarked that the case had been fully proved, although on some points it was unsatisfactory. The bench were of opinion that had the defendant not interfered with the constable he would not have been locked up. The accused was then fined 5s, which was subsequently paid. It was previously suggested by Mr Pearson that Rosenow should apologise to the con- stable and contribute a donation to the poor box, but this course he declined to carry out, and the bench made the above order. The City Council have so far taken no definite action in regard to the double-pan system for the removal of nightsoil. At the special meeting held to consider the matter, the question as to whether the work should be paid for out of the ordinary rate, or whether a special rate should be struck, was postponed until further information could be obtained from places where the system is now in force. The Benevolent Asylum committee met last evening, when there were present Messrs Lessels (president), Josephs, J. Phillips, Carey, McNaught, Showman, Scott, Cooke, Levitt, Fitzgerald, Gale, Dimsey, and the Rev. T. R. Cairns. A number of applica- tions for relief were dealt with. Donations amounting to £32 13s 4d, including £26 4s 6d from the employés of the Berry Consols Company, were ordered to be acknowledged. Some business of a routine character was transacted and the committee adjourned. The management of the Golden Mountain Company have requested Mr Edwin Wattis, the manager of the mining laboratory at the School of Mines, to visit the mine at Bonnie Doon in order to inspect and advise as to the treatment of the ore. At a special meeting of the council of the school yesterday after- day afternoon, Mr Wattis was given a fort- night's leave of absence in order to comply with the request, and he will leave Ballarat to-day to make his inspection. The mayor (Cr Cooke) and Messrs Archer, Whykes, McNaught and Hunter, J’s P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday. James Wright, who had been under medical attendance in the Gaol hospital, having been remanded on a charge of vagrancy, was dis- charged. Ellen Latham, on remand, charged with the larceny of jewellery valued at £40, was remanded to Melbourne, to appear at the Windsor Court on Thursday next. Three persons, for being drunk, were fined 5s each; three others, on similar charges, were discharged. William Davison, for using obscene language, was fined 5s. The steam motor recently manufactured at the Phœnix Foundry for the Bendigo Tramway Company, a report of the trial of which we published a few days ago, was yesterday forwarded to its destination. The engine was mounted oil one of McLennan Bros.’ jinkers, drawn by a team of eight horses. The other two motors that are being built for the same company are ap- proaching completion, and will be ready to place in position as soon as the wheels, for the supply of which the Government is responsible, arrive. The usual meeting of the Bunlnyongshire Council was held yesterday, A report of the proceedings appears in another column. Arrangements for the visit to this city to day of Rev. F. R. Clark, D. D., of America, founder of the Young Peoples’ Society of Christian Endeavor movement, have been completed and are as follows: —Dr and Mrs Clark will arrive at the Western railway station at 3 20 p.m., and will be met by a large number of young people from the various societies in this district who will sing a welcome hymn on the arrival of the train. On alighting Dr Clark will be driven tn the City Hall, where he will be cordially welcomed to Ballarat by Mayor Cooke. At 5.30 p.m. the various ministers of this dis- trict, at the invitation of the Ballarat and district union, together with the delegates on the council of the union, will have an oppor- tunity of a closer meeting with Dr and Mrs Clark at a social cup of tea in the Baptist schoolroom. At 7.30 p.m. the most im- portant meeting of the visit will be held in the Alfred Hall, which it is expected will not prove large enough, judging by the in- terest which has been awakened in this now well-known and deservedly popular move- ment and its founder and world’s president. Next year the annual convention of the Victorian union will be held in Ballarat, and this will bring fully 1000 visitors from various parts of the colony, as well as re- presentatives from New South Wales and South Australia. At the public meeting Dr Clark will be presented with an exquisitely worked gold pin set with a diamond, and Mrs Clark with a neatly-executed brooch, each bearing the initials “C.E.,” indicative of the work so near the hearts of, and so untiringly per- formed by the recipients. The above mentioned excellent specimens of the gold- smith’s art, were entrusted to the well-known jeweller, Mr H. F. Hutton, and reflect the greatest credit on the manufacturer. In another column will be found full particulars of the Alfred Hall meeting to- night. Messrs James and Kellet, the contractors for the erection of the morgue in the yard of the City Police Station, are making rapid progress with the structure, end expect to have it ready for the roofing by the end of present week. Yesterday Messrs Kirton, M.L.A., Valentine, Gibbings, and Acheson visited the site and spent some time in dis- cussing matters relative thereto, but neither the object nor the result of their inspection has as yet been made known. It is generally understood that Mr Sandlier, in- spector of police, disapproves of the chosen site, but no publicity has been given to his report on the subject, A man named George Furlong was charged at the Town Police Court yesterday with being drunk, and also with having assaulted a Chinaman named Hoey Ah Gen on Satur- day evening. The Chinaman stated, through the interpreter,' that when he was going home Furlong asked him for a knife to cut some tobacco. He gave the accused the knife, and he immediately turned around and struck him a blow in the face, causing a severe cut under the eye. Mrs Smith gave evidence of having seen the assault com- mitted, and watched the accused run away. Inspector Hamilton read out a bad record against Furlong, who was fined 5s for being drunk, and £3, with 15s 6d costs, for the assault, or in default one month’s imprison- ment. Patrick Kane, charged with vagrancy, was remanded until Thursday. Matthew Meggeson, for being drunk whilst in charge of a horse and cart, was fined 20s, and three other young men, who were in the accused’s company and also intoxicated, were each fined 10s. George Smith, charged with threatening the life of his father, John B. Smith, was bound over to keep the peace in two sureties of £25 each for the term of 12 months. A young man named Daniel Kelly was charged by Senior constable White with loitering on the footpath in Bridge street, and refusing to move on when told to do so. The defen- dant, who did not appear, was fined £1, with 4s costs. Thomas Gould, for leaving his horse without proper control, was fined 2s 6d. A number of debt oases were dis- posed of and the court adjourned. A general meeting of operatives connected with the painting trade was held at the Trades' Hall last night, when there was a good attendance; Mr R. Adam in the chair. Considerable surprise was expressed when the secretary reported that he had not re- ceived any communication from the master painters regarding their discussions on the points at issue, and in consequence the meeting could only deal with the press reports. After briefly considering the situation, the meeting drew up and in- structed the secretary to forward to the master painters a code of rules, which, in their opinion, would overcome the difficulty. The following is a copy of one of the clauses: —“ That in the event of any dispute be- tween the employers and employé; this union pledges itself to appoint a committee to investigate the matter in conjunction with representatives from the Master Printers’ Association, and failing a settlement by this means, to refer the question to an arbi- trator agreed to by both associations, and to abide by his decision.” A man named John Deany was arrested in Sturt street, and lodged in the City lockup, last evening on the charge of having made use of obscene language. Deany will be brought before the magistrates this morning to answer the charge. There was a good attendance at the school room connected with the Congregational Church, Dawson street, last night, when the Rev. J. J. Halley delivered a lecture on "Chinese crackers.” The rev. lecturer dealt with, his subject, which was not as the title suggests, merely a discourse on fire works, but a description of the manners and customs of the residents of Oriental cities and towns, in a most attractive way. The standard of morality, he said, was far higher than that of English speaking countries. He never felt ashamed of his country until he visited the city of Shanghai. There no out- ward signs of immorality were visible amongst the Chinese residents, while in the portions inhabited by Europeans, the most degraded forms of debauchery and vice he had ever been called upon to witness were rampant. The Chinese, too, were par- ticularly thrifty, and he ventured to say that the waste of Melbourne would feed the people of Shanghai, although there was little difference in the size and importance of the two cities. The education and general discipline of the country was also good, while the obedience of children towar (sic) is their parents was very noticeable, and well worthy of imitation. The discourse was attentively listened to, and frequently applauded, and at the conclusion the lec- turer was accorded a vote of thanks. Mr R. T. Vale, M L A., presided. A meeting was held yesterday before Mr W. R. Anderson, chief clerk, in the insol- vent estate of Rebecca Flohm, of Ballarat East, widow. No proofs of debt were put in but an objection was taken to one of them on behalf of the insolvent. Notice of motion was given to have the proof of debt ex- punged, the matter to be heard at the next sittings of the Insolvency Court in Ballarat on the 2nd November. The meeting was ac- cordingly adjourned until after the sittings of the court. A considerable time was occupied at the City Court yesterday in hearing an inter- pleader summons. The parties in the cause were William Forsyth and James Bothwick McKenzie plaintiffs. Alice Murray defendant, and John and Patrick Murray interpleaders. Mr Robinson appearedv for the plaintiffs, and Mr H. S. Barrett for the two Murrays. In this case Mrs Alice Murray, who formerly carried on the business of a pig dealer, had a verdict given against her on a complaint by the plaintiff in this case. Mr Radd, in pur- suance of instructions, proceeded to levy on her goods to recover the amount owing. John Murray and Patrick Murray then issued an interpleader numinous, and stated that the goods were not the property of their mother, as she had disposed of the business to them in June last. Miss Murray also stated that a certain sewing machine that had been seized was her property. After a lot of evidence had been taken, including that of Mr Coghlan, who stated that he had done business with the sons, and had sold the mare claimed to John Murray, although he had entered the account against Mrs Murray as a guarantor, and several receipts having been put in, the bench decided that the articles were the property of the claimants. No costs were allowed to either side. At the meeting of the Buninyongshire Council yesterday, a letter was received from Mr T. Anderson Robertson, solicitor, on behalf of Mr J. S. Downey, stating the intention of that gentleman to proceed against some of the councillors, who, at the last Revision Court, were guilty of a wilful and negligent act of commission or omission, contrary to the provisions of division 4 of the Local Government Act, 1892. The three boys, named respectively Albert and William Gordon, and Harold Downes, were charged at the Town Police Court yes- terday, with breaking into the grocery store of Mr Hayden, Victoria street. Mr Hayden told the bench that the youngsters had got in through a window, and that he had com- plained nervously of missing goods from his store. The parents of the accused were in court, and expressed their regret that the boys should have left their homes and gone to the store. The chairman of the bench administered a severe lecture to the boys, and discharged them after cautioning them as to their conduct in future. A large and fashionable audience as- sembled in the Eastern Library Hall last evening, when Mr John Robson, assisted by Mrs Carter, Miss English, Miss Greaves, and Mr Mcgrath, gave an excellent enter- tainment in aid of the building fund of St. Stephen’s church, Clayton street. Mr Rob- son’s first recital was “ Half an hour with Hamlet,” which included the ghost scene. The other recitals were “ Fanny Sqneers’ courtship,” “ Fall of Wolsey,” “Clarence’s dream," and “Cousin Peter." At intervals songs were pleasingly rendered by the ladies and gentlemen above referred to. Mr Rob- son also contributed one of his favorite soprano solos, which was received with great enthusiasm. The entertainment through- out was most enjoyable, and the apprecia- tion of the audience was plainly visible. A special meeting of the Women’s Chris- tian Temperance Union was held at the Dana street schoolroom yesterday afternoon; Mrs Boswarrick presiding. Progress reports were given from the committees on Band of Hope, sick visiting, and young men’s meetings. Ways and means were discussed, arrange- ments for the coining anniversary, and nomi- nations given for the committee and super- intendents of departments. Every earnest and cheering address was given by the president. A man named William Hicks was arrested at Egerton yesterday on a charge of desert- ing his wife and family at Ballarat. Hicks will be brought into Ballarat to-day. A meeting of delegates of the Sunday Schools Cricket Association was held Iast night, when it was decided to play a series of matches for the trophy, valued at £6 6s, presented by Messrs Brokenshire and Bryant, during the present season. The following clubs were represented, and have joined the association, viz :—Lydiard street, Neil street, Pleasant street, Macarthur street. Magpie (Wesleyans), St. Andrew’s, Ebenezer, and Baptist, It was decided to extend entries until Monday next, the 10th instant, at the W.C.T.U. Rooms, Bridge street, at 7.30 p.m. A splendid programme has been arranged for the popular promenade concert which is to be held under the auspices of the Wen- douree Rowing Club on Friday evening next, the best local talent having consented to take part. The concert will take place in the Alfred Hall, and the price of admission has been fixed at one shilling. As the effort is in aid of the fund for reducing the over- draft of the club, it is hoped that there will be a large attendance of the public. The resignation of Mr A. McLennan, auditor to the Shire of Buninynong, was yesterday received and accepted by the council. A notice was read in all the Methodist churches of Ballarat and surrounding dis- tricts on Sunday calling attention to the in- tended early visit of the Rev. W. F. James, president of the South Australian Bible Christian Conference, who is to deliver lecture in Lydiard street Church on the question of Methodist union, which is at present the absorbing topic in Methodist church circles. Further particulars will be duly advertised. The new building erected by the congre- gation of the Presbyterian Church, Linton, was (writes our correspondent) opened for Divine service on Sunday, 2nd October. The Rev. C, Cameron, of Ebebnzer Church, Ballarat, officiated at both morning and evening services to large congretations. The lessons at the morning service were taken from I. Kings, vii, and St. John’ Gospel, x The text was St. Matthew’s Gospel, v1., 33 “Seek ye first the Kingdom of God, &c.;’’ From this text the rev. gentleman preached an able and practical sermon. In conclu- sion, he urged those who had come to the dedication of the new church to seek by faith the Kingdom of God, and not to trust in their own righteousness. As a building was consecrated for the wor- ship of God, so should all consecrate their lives to His service. It was a glorious privi- lege they had enjoyed, that of giving their substance to the erection of a house of prayer, but it was only a comparative plea- sure to what they would receive if at the same time they dedicated themselves to God. The building was then, in a few words of prayer, dedicated to the glory of God, and a desire expressed that it might prove a blessing to men. In the evening the rev. gentleman preached a powerful sermon from I. Samuel, xi., 14. The col- lections for the day in aid of the building fund amounted to £11 1s 3d. “ The new term at the School of Mines commenced yesterday, and the classes are filling up very rapidly. Mr Andrew Robert- son, who has been appointed lecturer on practical mining, will meet intending mem- bers of his class at the school this evening in order to arrange the must convenient hours of meeting. The jumping case heard at Avoca last Monday is the only thing that has caused any excitement here (writes our Lexton correspondent), in the mining line lately. The jumping party had Mr Pearson to plead their case, and Burford and Webster had Mr Barrett to defend them. One of the jumpers was cautioned about prevari- cating while in the box, and no doubt was the cause of not being able to finish case that day. After the evidence hid been taken, the solicitors decided on supplying lists of various rulings for the warden's con- sideration and he reserved his decision. A grand concert and hall were held in the Mechanics' Hall, Corindhap (writes a corres- pondent), on Friday, 30th September, in aid of the Ballarat Hospital. The chair was oc- cupied by Cr W. Carr. The programme was a very varied and amusing one, and, judging from the encores, was well appreciated by the audience. The performers, who were all from Ballarat, were Misses Sherlock Murphy, and Thomas, and Messrs Heffer- nan, Burton, Parsons, and Walton. At the end of the programme Mr J. Elder, of Roke- wood, proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the performers. Mr Walton responded on behalf of the singers, and stated that it had given himself and the others the greatest of pleasure to be present. A vote of thanks was moved by Mr T. Whybrow to Mr W. Carr as chairman, who responded on behalf of himself and Mr W. Laidler and Mr H. S. Reynolds, who had so kindly assisted to make the concert such a success. It is estimated that about £20 was taken during the evening. After the con- cert the hall was quickly cleared for dancing, which was kept up till the small hours of the morning. The refreshment committee con- sisted of Mrs W. Laidler and Misses T. Carr aud E. Laidier, who had everything in ex- cellent order. On Saturday evening the Lexton A.N.A. branch made a move towards the erection of a hall (writes our correspondent). The matter has been freely discussed, and every- thing is progressing favorably. Lists have been circulated amongst the members, and several promises made. Shortly we may expect to have an addition to our public buildings. Mr Henry Cleburne Curwen Walker, who served his time as an articled clerk in Messrs Milchell, Nevett, and Robinson’s office, Bal- larat, was yesterday admitted as a barrister and solicitor of the Supreme Court. Death has claimed another old identity from our midst (writes our Linton corres- pondent) in the person nf the late Mr Alexander Kennedy, engineer, a well-known and highly respected resident of upwards of a quarter of a century. The deceased has been connected with mining since the early fifties, and for a number of years occupied the position of engineer to the Argyle Com- pany. He will be greatly missed by a large circle of friends and acquaintances; he leaves a widow and grown up family to mourn their loss. Mr Ruby, formerly mining manager of the Napier Freehold Company, was yester- day appointed tn a similar position at the Chalk’s Freehold mine, in place of Mr Wm. Nicholas, who has resigned. An adjourned meeting of Grenvilleshire Council was (writes our Linton correspond- ent) held on Monday, 3rd October, 1892. Present—Cr Shepherd, president; Crs Clarke, Kennedy, McTaggart, Young- husband, Fraser and Douglas. Accounts amounting to £293 4s 2d were passed for payment. This was the only business trans- acted. Mr W. Owen, of the sports depot, 13 Sturt street, has just issued his price list for 1892, and an examination of the same should be made, especially by the officers of the various cricket clubs, as every article necessary for the game may be obtained at the establishment. Included in the large stock at the sports depot are the requisites for tennis, bowls, croquet, bagatelle, and numerous other sports and pastimes. An incident occurred at the Linton State school reserve on Monday afternoon, the 3rd inst. (writes one of the pupils.) The boys were being drilled by the head teacher, when some of the squad passed over a small snake, which appeared to be dead. The teacher's attention was called to it, when it made off towards its hole, but was speedily despatched. We learn that the well-known amateur, Mr T. R. Treloar, is now engaged in making arrangements for the early production of a new play by a colonial author. The main incidents are laid in and near Broken Hill, and a magnificent scenic picture is promised of the smelting works by moonlight. The railway returns for the week show that £24,491 was received from the carriage of passengers, &c; , and £25,475 from mer- chandise, &c; , making a total of £4,966. This is against a total of £69,512 3s 9d for the corresponding week of last year. The aggregate to date is £663,670, and the weekly average £51,436 3s 1d. A fair com- parison can scarely be made with last year, owing to confusing elements entering into the calculation. Mr Mowitt, the Secretary for Mines, left Mildura on Sunday for Swan Hill to take evidence there as to non-compliance of vermin destroying covenants by mallee block lessees. Mr Howitt has completed his in- vestigations as to the matters in dispute between Chaffey Brothers and the Mildura Irrigation Company, and in addition to learning the views of numerous individual settlers he has met the representatives of both companies. He speaks in high terms of the assistance rendered by all parties, and during the week has completed the circuit of the irrigation works and channels. Mr C. E. Pascoe, who for the last 27 years has acted as town clerk of Echua, has re- tired from that position. A creditable piece of work was performed by the traffic branch of the Railway Depart- rnent at the close of last week in the rapid transport of a wool consignment from the Murray to the coast. A steamer with two barges of Riverina wool, comprising bales, went alongside the Echuca wharf late on Friday, and the wool was trucked imme- diately and sent to Williamstown during the night. On Saturday morning the whole con- signment was alongside the mail steamer Austral, into which it was loaded within few hours, and on Saturday afternoon the wool was afloat on its way to London, about 18 hours after its arrival at the river port. The press of Japan is writing in an indig- nant strain with regard to the expulsion of Japanese laborers from the United States. It is urged that, by way of reprisals, American subjects in Japan should be treated in a similar manner. Mr Edward Pulsford, the well- known financier, writing to the Sydney Herald says:—“The ignorance that undoubtedly exists all through Australia on the subject of the consequences of our indebtedness is, I have long felt, responsible for a widespread and erroneous impression. In business circles, where the existing depression is severely felt, it is the belief that labor trouble are at the root of it all. I believe the depression springs from several causes, mainly — 1. The falling-off in the amount of new capital in- vested in Australia. 2. The burden of inte- rest, £15,000,000 to £18,000,000 a year, on existing indebtedness, 3. The unprofitable character at present of the pastoral industry. These are the main factors. The strike trouble is certainly a factor, but one of much smaller dimensions that any one of the others. The anxiety about labor has ran into extravagance in several directions. I mention this as one of the consequences of an insufficient grasp of the vital points of Australian finance." Further particulars concerning the revenue returns for Queensland show that the revenue for the quarter ended 30th Sep- tember amounted to £11,436 compared with the corresponding quarter last year. The cus- toms yielded £317,222, being a decrease of £17,135. The railway receipts were £258,749, an increase of £25,154. The land revenue increased over £5000; the dividend duty £5000. The stamp duty shows a decrease of over £7000. While the total revenue for the quarter shows a small increase of £11,000, the gross expen- diture, including both revenue and loan, shows a decrease of £291,000, improving the position of the Treasury by £302,000, or at the rate of nearly a million and a quarter a year. The Tasmanian revenue returns for September show a decrease of £6784 com- pared with last September, the decrease for the nine months being £53,000 compared with the same period last year. A trial was made of Mr Nolan's safety cage on Saturday morning at the Chewton Console mine (writes the M. A. Mail), in the presence of Mr H. B. Nicholas, Senior Mining Inspector. It was put through several trying tests, three drops, and it gripped instantenously. It is simple in its gear and effective in action. The safety hook for overwinding that is attached to it was also pronounced efficient. The Land Corporation of West Australia, Limited, pays a dividend of 5s per share, The Agency Land and Finance Company of Australia, Limited, has declared a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent. per annum for the half-year ending June last. Commercial Intelligence, General Cable News, New ??? Politics, &c.;, are published in our first page. "Leatherspear." — Newspapers bearing sufficient stamps for postage as packets may be posted and ??? as packets without payment of any addi- tional postage to which they would be subject as ??? New pupils enrolled and work resumed at Ellerslie New Webster street, to-day. The attention of members of the Tailoresses' Union ??? called to an advertisement in another collumn. The annual meeting of the second rate Junior ??? Association will be held to- morrow, Buck's ??? Hotel, 8 p.m. Mr and Mrs William Little and family will give an ??? at the ??? Church, Lydiard street, on Thursday evening next. An orchestral rehearsal for the Wendouree Rowing Club's concert will be held to- night, City Fire Bri- gade Hall, 8 o'clock. In consequence of the Wendouree Orchestra re- hearsals this evening Brunn's Orchestral Society ??? An advertisement with reference to aufirerous land ??? Parish of Buninyong appears in another ??? Mr. A. E. Monsborough, plumber, slater, & ., an- nounce by advertisement he is removing from ??? street to Dawson street south, and requests that the patrons will note the change of address. A grand show of millinery is advertised for to-day ??? Crocker's Hall of Commerce, Ballarat, ??? that the greatest bargins may be ??? The annual soiree of John’s Presbyterian ??? school will he held to-morrow, ??? at 6.50 p.m. to be followed by a musical ??? entitled "Wee Davie;" singing by the ??? and choir; connective readings by Rev. W. ??? 