SOUTHIWARD 110 ! JERlVlS IAY TO sYDxlY. (By a writer lo the Manning -Rivrer lde pndh ent.) Jervis Bay itselfis a magnificent ox pause of water; without doubt one of the fow first.eolas harbours in the colony, and admirably adapted for the use to which it is at protent put-man of-war practico. Syndicates and pri vate individuals have secured all the available land along the shores of St. Georgo's Basin, as it is thought that owing to its great natural beauty, the salubrity of its climate, and its siltuation it will by-and-bye become a favourite health and pleasure resort. In one .spot that I know of there, a hundred acres have been plantod with the aloe. It is being cultivated for ift fibreo; but, as report says that tle plantation will take a century's growth before it yields any return, the prospect of the present proprietors reaping the rewaur of their venture seems rather. remote. Agriculture in tho South is very differeut from what it iss in the, northern districtis. _Insteasd.of th nevor-onding fields of maize, one sees herd after heord of cows, with here and thore a butter, or bacon factory. The climate also differs considerably from that of the nothorn rivers; for, while the nights soeem no colder, the days are more geaial. Oppressive heat, and .anl most incessant thunderstorms are not among the drawbacks with which the agricultural community have to con tend, while at the sameo timo the rain fall is much less. Owing to Ithose and other circumstances, hay and chaff are, with many, the staple products of the farm, and are much more risky than maize with us, as, on account of the superior dryness of the climate, loss through wet is reduced almost to a muinimum. All fruits of semitropical ;and temperato regions flourish there tuxuriantly, and some of the settlers draw yearly a very comfortable income front their boos, It, as a rule, can scarcely be called bee-farming since no extra trouble whatever sooems to be taken with the industrious little workers. They arosimply put into an ordinary box, with a piece of bark or something of the kind placed on the top of it; a stono corves to kCop the covering in its place. No more attention is paid to them until the honey is taken out "iu the old-fashimoid way," which some people consider the best. At all ovoent it has the merit of being the simplect' 0: cuourse the'rr are excoptions to the rile; but the most successful bee. ftrmer (if the term must be used) I met down there followed the old, easy way of past generations. B3ut, though the leos seemed to thrive best whenou they hld the least attention paid them, the process of extracting the honey from the comb, though exceedingly simple, ,s quito as effective, and is certainly ingenious. I was shown a number of ti ts of honey, colderod up and stored away in the houney.house, ready for market, The honey .I was told never realises less than £1 a tin and judging by what I saw, I could readily believoit. While on the subject of honey, I am reminded of a neat little thing which happened a while ego at t " Show" in that etume South Coast District. A prize was offered for the best jar of honey,tio be seen in a glasejar or pot. One enterprising individual exhibited as honey a jar of beautifully clear neat foot-oil, and-was awarded first prize. Down south this passes for a marvel of South Coast Judging and South Coast inventiveness; a little incident connected with a Manning' River Show, and slitaightway I related it to show these southernors thatia ,the north we have as much native originality amongst exhibitors, and ability amongst judges, as they of the south. This ic a little mIoodnote :--At a recently forthcoming show on. theo Manning, a prize was offered for the boest white Aylosbury arake and pair of ducks. Ono original guniusof the exhibitor species set his heart on sesuring t?iikt prize; but,' alas I toiught he had plenouty of dralkes that were " up totlh.e nmark," he could oulj' muster olie shitable duck., What was he to do:?: Rirelkal . With a running noose and a handful of corn, or in some other way, he o9eught his buxom dhoki, and his best pailr of ablo-bo'died drakes, and pluiking away all the curly,.-sue pioious looidlig featlere from one of them, transformeodhim at 'ouco. into: i prize 1duck, Tho jqdges looking very wise, and pritising tleo.bsautiful pkir bf duolrs and the dratke, awarded thellm the blio tickt: ..Indeed, 'it woull have booeen sad if bo much native talei2t had golne utitewardod,. Whoh: I told this littlb story, so!noons suggstedthat ftwo "dramodioks" should have boon ex hibited:. But; I amn stllsmiling at hIlls Nimplhciytij. I tyice -' ,on8te dudice to qtack, It is liProbablo.. that judgo will prod tie wob-footed exhlibits in ts duc andu drake sectiors in order to get a Imnal dounousetation as to :which :nre dul . u li~ ,,? pe, l . . _ 1 _',, ..?_J .... inrely M..Us. (M.D. i: an abbrevia. tion ocuttibt el ' D, 'ra,). Wo had come through some of the most delightful of the South Coast scenery in the night, so dotermined to return through that portion of it in daylight. One of the principal placer south of KiaUa is Nowra. Wes had come into it in the dark and had gone out of it in the dark, and had not seen it, and now determined that we would seeoo it. Every one down south talks about it, and one fancies it is .a great place indeed. And so it is, a very groat place, in its own, or rather, its people's estliation. But it is not very joyful just now. It has lost a well-known face from its midet. As everyone talks Nowra, so, also, does everyone talk Mir. Dobbie. But he has departed for fresh fields, and at present Nowra is, metaphorically spealking, in sackcloth and ashes. 1to was a zealous young clergyman who loved, and was beloved 'y overy one, or overyone know .him-every ono but one young mau, . and of him the good Dobbio used to relate a choorful little anoodote. Riding along a very lonely .road-ondlay, he fell in with this young man, wlbo spiced his conversation. wilh a liberal allowance of strong axpletives. Poor Debbie, his laoo grow longer and more solemn as he listened; but 1l had in his pocket one good little traol on swearing, and his heart overflowing with love for fallon humanity, andr with the big tears in his eyes, he, just as thiey rode into a very wild parti of the road, darted his hand into his pockct and, in a voice sopulchbral with emotion, turning to his colupauion asked," Young ,,.au, are you prepared to dio ?" The young manii leked. He saw a big slter follow beside him feeling desperate y in his pocket, while again caune the uJuinonii words 0 Yoiungd eaeL, are you prepared to die ?" The younig wan diln't wait to consider, Dtiving thel spurs into his horse ;he galloped oil' to a safe distance and seeing he was not pursued bhouted back, " Shoot now you old--if you li1ke." Nowra itself is scattered about tilh bnsh, betwaen a owest dreaory.lohi g swamp and the Shoalhavou River, which is hero about two-thirds of the width of the Manning River at Tarre, and is epanneUd by a splendid bridge. The railway line from KRiama to Nowra is almost completed, but it t ill be vyours beoore it extendsa beyond that township, as the river intervoenes t'wenty years ago land in Neowra could be bought for £1 an acreo; it is now about ias valuable as land in Tarcoe Larger than .area, it is not so compot; while as to situation it is infiui:ely in. ferior. It possesses sevoral fair-sized hotels, but the most miserable looking shops imaginable. Its School of Arts and banks are very nice buildings ; but the pretty little lures Hospital and the Australian 1Hotel in WYinghami are far" and away superior to any of its buildings, If you could imagine T'aree dumped duiva on the outskirts of Cuopernook in a very wet season you may have an idea of ?hat the capital of the Lower Shoalhaven is like. It forms a part of the groat Berry Estate, which stretches twenty miles northward on both sides of the main road, takes in B3ery, and roaches to Gerriugong. This is a most baautifully situated little place. It is backed by oenircling hills, which are eleaod, and in many places cultivated to their very summits, with patches of darkest green foliage in the rook gorges. Gerringong stands in a sheltered nook down against the sea shore. It would be a pretty plaice in which to live-au enchantingly pretty place--aud that is about all; for there is nothing to make it anythin g but the sunny little spot it now is, hidden away iu the'corner of the busy, bustling world. Six miles niortlh of Gurringoug is Kiaima, of ghostly famle; but'Kiama has something mere substantial and interosting-somethi.,g that will remain when its ghost is fiuatlly laid, and that is its Blowhole, which is the sole andl sclitlry lion of Kiama, Itis a reout in the roolks abovo a roolky oavern into which the sea is aeoutinually rushing. ItU rough weather it i' said to be ia iuteroesting sight to wateh the foaming water shooqt up through this holo many foot into the air, and fall around in sparkling showers of spray. IBut many a wild ' tragody is sa.id to have ,bo on oaotod beside that briny fouun. tain It is relatedl tlihat in the 0o1l days the blaarkfollows used to got rid of their 5i15 by dalshing thoi ilnto the foaming torrut, A queeur divoreoo oourt I Adt Wollongong we had to w, i forty mlnutes, I was rather surpt~isod at the prico lishe wr sold thIere. On thostation phltform. I saw selinoppor sold for throo- and-sixponeo e'oaoh and thoughtitho price high, but some of the passeongors said lthat the lsaie fsh ili Sydneoy would fotah hlf-u-sovoreiga" acli. Whlile in Syldnty I had oortailuly thought Sahllnapplr asareco artile, lthere, for odvenoin thlo best icolsn, 6u irdoinig n.sdcinl.hilllot of suchnaupli, or nstead a unmp of Jeowfish or lathoead, mud I wouldn't swear that if properly anated it should not sometilmes have been called shark or stingray. ]riam Bherry to Bulli .tIh scenery is lolightful-hill and valloy and meadow itand,with silvery-looking streams overy now and again, stealing away to tHo ioa; and hero and there glimpses tfto .eoonu. Onoof the pritticat spots liong 1olo1 is Clifton. Rightly named it is too, Night has fallen on us far back, and Tway up in the heivenns, the white silert quoon of the night whirling her way through the ethereal wastes of pathless space,' smiled duwn upon the sleep ing village, silvering the sea and the n?eaon rocks at its base making still whiter the white houses that hid and slept amongst the rock and .trees. So pretty and lonely and still it scoreed in hse quiet night, that one could almost fancy that the children of the gods had i,uilt it for a toy city and left it there lhien tieno was young. It seemed as .hough it had gone to sloop long, long igo among its grim rocks ; the great ;leaning Pacifio surges beating down for over on the rooks beneath it. Very still it was in the moonlight-very still and pretty as the train swept past it. Past Clifton with its bare rooks at.d shrubby trees, straight down to the ocean. We are making up time now, rnd the cars spun madly round, and the big, rushing, snorting thing plunged Along at the sea. IRight in front of the eugine the waves were rolling in with their nveroending swish, swish as they spent themselves upon the rocks ; when within about fifteen foot of themo away we sltot, and looking aloud nothing was visible but a solid looking mass of cliffs-solid enough it is too, with the oxception of the tunnel into which we spod, reminding one of tho rabbits rush uig into a borrow, 1 counted eight of these tunnels. We did not seem to slacken speed going through, but the oongest tool; us tour minutes and the next in legth half that time, and going through a tunnelis no treat. You are scarcely well into, it whou the smoke finds its way through every crack of the closed doors and windows. In it pours till the compatrment is full; you fool half sufflocated; the windows look if they are frosted; and everything is con tcd with dust, As soon as the snorting of the engine proclaims that she has eseaped into the open air again, there, is a chattering otopening windows and a general rejoicing. FIor my part when I know the last was past, I wasi glad at the shrine of Morpheus to for got it all. A oheery, " Wako up," recalled uroe from the lhind of dreams to that of hard reality, and we found our sslves once ,more amidst a city's crowd, unnoticed and unklnown. 