SIB c8CS-i3OSS'' ACrASSL, Like the animal of ouggestive name, fyhieh when hard-pressed always throws out a foul odour, the party which in this country may fairly stand for the ' stupid party ' no sooner find them selves in political trouble than they start that good old ghost, the sectarian cvy. We had ifc in ito worst form in that monstrous creation of the late Premier's wicked brain, the Kiama U-hosfc, but the day tor such gory, soul-thrilling ghoofc-atories as that has gone by. No one would believe now, though Brother Abigail deposed that he had detected a Catholic conspiracy to murder him in the Mines Department, nor though the Right Worthy Grand Master, Mr. J. C. Neild, declared that he had been chased home, Tam O'Shanter fashion, from his last Orange Lodge meeting by Catholic witches, but had finally routed them with bis own unaided jawbone. Something more delicate than rumoured corpses in undio coverable graves done to death by ' alien assassins' io needed now to tickle the ears or raise the hair of the Protestant ground^ lings, and so there has been invented and kept carefully in certain newspaper pigeon holes for periodical use what may be eallod a atock ghost, in the familiar form, far too familiar now to be effective, of that stupidest of cries, 'Tho Public Schools Act in Danger.' That there are any considerable number of people who hopeotly believe that there is a Catholic conspiracy in this country to subvert any thing is not conceivable, but that the du- .* -' — ?^^TTr— - ; ,: ? ? ?????' '??,: -T5aa credited organ of c discredited porty, cast ing about; i;or c ay, oboald Tuo very willinj to- inako ifc nppocL? ao, ia quite) in aeeosdaac© with pL'Geoden&j; and ao doubfc tlio Public Dehoolc Dyotarv), ivnju.ah io (Maolic:; c.rj ifc ios ?? offero foL'jDuela ^'cliaugo c:a cr.sy handlo. Not that thor© ia ia Sect iho fcrntcnj) &nmda;= : tion for ifc. Gei'tcAnly they br.vo ulioir own .- achoolc, which ciuo £ouzid in wtke cm& moafc saceacaful competition Tilth tho Piiblic sclioolo, juo'u ac ikoy hc^o tlioip owa - cliurchea r.nd cbnpob; bufe vtlio will ooy . that St. Mary 'o in nmenneo to Qfe. Aadrow*Qf_. or that hio Lordohip tbo Pnmsta cufco any', tho woi'EO figure ia hio eab becniico poooibly '.. passed on the way by hie Easinesses tha Cardinal in hio enrringa ? NavepfcholoBQ,. because thin in 4ho ceaoon £of tko public ' celebmtionn ' oic theae aehoolo, and because by oeveral eminent Ontholica, inclado ing c Miniotei1 o£ the Crowns thoy have, been celebrated and fchoii? excellence' ao compared with theis? mom favouued rivals made known, thes.ie io declared to ba not only a Catliolie conapiracy bufe a con*' spu'Gcyof Criholieo v;ifch the GovGi'ninent to subvert thepublie education ayotem of the country. Wellj ii there io auch a con« opiraey the O-overaor of the country must also be in ifc, for he too hau eonopired to praioe in no measured termo theoe Cntuolie schoolo and collegeo which ifc ceamo to be thought nothing leaa than a national crime for Cafcholieo to oupporfc out o£ theh1 own pockets. But, of eourcs, thio h hoc ia the least tliQ veal yqvicou, v;hie-^, ic oimply ooeanoe thio disereditcd pr/jty, ? at Shan? wita' end £or come rallying cry uo hold to« gather thsir wretched eriotonee in Pfis?lifl°r ment, are able under theii1 new lender, aa. often undei* their old, to devise nothing better for their puEpoca fchaa thio old playod out, worn= out ' ghoot,' not worth oven to the drowning man She proverbial atezu. The Cardinal, referring tho other dcy to the alleged Catholic alliance with the O-overn° monk, odd he ' Iineu nothing o£ cuQh an alliaacs, and if it esioted he believed he should be the first io denounes it ascl pro nounce it a very great piece of humbug,' but he might have added that the biggeofe or only humbug in the niafcEai? wog thio poor patched-up old ghost o£ a cry itceli. ' 