u:YIr. f T!-£ IGIT PL ACh - rKA-gentlemin who was a Colonel in the Confederate Army and is now a resi dcint of Chicago, relates many thrilling o?t isodes of the war, of which the follow i g is not the least interesting: "I camenthrough the lines-no matter how on special business, the exact nature :of which I don't care to divulge even at this late hour. I was quite a youngster then,, comparatively speaking, you know, and had a good deal of the dare devil about me. I went into the war from the'start.: I .was one of the first fellows in New Orleans to mount a blue cockade;on my hat. Well, as I was say ing, I came boldly up to Chicago.. Got through the Union ,lines in Kentucky, i'here there were many facilities for that.' The ]iedge 'was full of gaps and letters went regularly through. But I had 'to .bel cautious in my movements. Theb Federal authbrities were on the lookout for secret emissaries. I came to meet some parties from Canada. and I met them,, transacted my business, and went around town for several days enjdying myself. "One morning I received a note from nIlady of my acquaintance, who had a kindly feeling for the South and who was well posted on current movements. Sheo wrote: 'I' learn on undoubted authority that you are known to be in Chicago and that they are on the look out for you. When you got this stay where you are until night and then go tb Mrs. -.'s) street, and show her this note and I think you will be'all right.' "Here's 'a pretty mess,' I said to my self. However, I determined to weather the gale. I had been through many a big battle, but to get in a tight place like this was calculated to make a man nervous, as I might be arrested as a spy and shot. I wasn't a spy, however; but I couldn't prove that I wasn't. "I wasn't molested during the day. I stuck close to my quarters and, chang ing my clothes and putting on a slouch hat and pulling it down over my oyes I launched out on the street and pursued my way to the address indicated in the lady's note. The streets were pretty lively with people and a regiment of soldiers was marching down Lake street to the Illinois Central depot to take a train for the front. Fine, strong young fellows they were in that regi ment, too, with a band of music playing one of the popular songs of the day. 1 got to the house all right and found the lady to be an old Southern friend. An old friend, but a very young and hand some lady, the wife of a very nerecuble Cihicago gentleman. 'You'll be all right here,' she said, and I thought so, too. She, her husband and I had a very pleasant evening together and parted for the night iii high spirits. I -.ws tired and went to sleep very quickly. Don't :know how long I slept, hlut I was iunddeuly awakened by a thundering knock at my door. I sprang up and found my friend, the m:aster of tihe household, pale as a ghost, standing in the hall. 'An officer and a guard are at the door and you must hide-I don't know where-or we shall be ruined.' "'Go ahead,' Isaid, 'and let them in. I'll take care of myself and you shan't be compromised.' "It was a desperately rough situation. Just then my friend's wifecame quickly to me and said: 'Come in here, we must do the best we can and adopt heroic means. Got in there and don't breathe or you're lost.' "She pointed to her bed. "'Get under thile mattress and lie still. as death, and get air whon yon "In an instant I saw her plan. The bed was a large one. The springs were large. I pulled up the mattress, jumped in on the springs, and pulled the msiattress over me. The lady then returned to her bed and quickly lay down as naturally as you please over me. ' She' wasn't very heavy, but the mattress was, and the springs seemed to have edges cutting into my legs and side. "Hardly had we disposed ourselves in this unique manner when the Lieuten ant and his men were admitted to the houise. We could hear loud talking and a deal of profanity as they explored the house from cellar to garret and looked in every closet and ran their bayonets into piles of clothes. At last the door of the room opened. The officer touched his hat and remarked that lie couldn't use much ceremony, as the case was urgent. He had been informed and was convinced that Col. - was in the house, and he meant to have him. "Mrs. X-- pleaded sickness as an excuse for not rising and aiding the search, and said: 'Look everywhere, sir, over the house. There's nobody here except myself, my husband, and servants. All the closets and coal-bins' and everything are at your disposal. We have nothing to conceal.' "'Oh!' said the officer, 'I've heard all that many a time. I shall have to look " all through your room, madam.' "He did. "He looked in each closet; called his men in and made them run their bayo nets into the wall to be sure there were no secret closets anywhere. He stooped down, looked under the bed within four feet of me. Jove! but I was in a cold aweaFt. One'movement, 'one creak of a spring, one sneeze,,or hard breath ?would have betrayed me. B?ut, after three minutes of suppressed 'vitality, the Lieutenant witlhdrew, muttering: 'This is d-d strange.' "Still he lingered down-stairs; went iito the cellar again, into the back yard, tore up bodards from the floors, and ran :his bahiiets'inito the piarlor sofas. At li?st t1h ang"?cleared ?obut, thliroughly disgusted. They did their duty cer tainly, and deserved' proimotion. "I waited on those infernal springs two'hours before I moved. I was .:raid they would suddenly come back. But they didn't. The guard.was kepltarouid the houso iutil 10 o'clock next imorning and then they withdreow. I spent the d!ay with my friends, borrowed a suit of clotheos and a hat from my friend, shaved my mustachle off. and at 8 r'clock in the evening, taking leave of m?y kindprotectors, 1 lighted a cigar, stepied boldly into tie street, and be Sfore midnight was a g od' many miles on miy way to the Confederacy. That is what I call a pretty close shave." 'ah P?rER must be a pretty skillful .surgeon to 'set broken type. 