HINDU AND CHRISTIAN INCARNATION, BY THE REV, J. C. KIRBY. " They shall call His name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is God with us."—Matt. 1: 2-3. THE Hindus firmly believe and their sacred books teach, that their greatest gods have become human beings. Christians believe that in Jesus Christ was God manifest in the flesh, and that in the glorified or consummated human nature of the Lord Jesus the Only Begotten Son of God still lives and reigns, and will abide for ever. Let us follow the custom of the Indian missionaries, and compare and contrast the Hindu belief about the incarnation of their gods with the Christian doctrine of the eternal assumption of human nature by the true God in the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. Pure and Impure Incarnation. The missionaries when they go forth to preach in the streets of Benares, Lucknow, Allahabad, or elsewhere, make this their boast : that Christ is a pure incarnation. They affirm that in the days of His flesh, though He was encompassed by the infirmities of the flesh, and subject to incessant and varied temptations of every kind, description, and sort, the Lord Jesus did never once, not even in thought, yield to sin. In all the chief cities of India, and in thousands of her villages, the missionaries of the Cross boast that Jesus Christ, God Incarnate, was without spot or wrinkle or any such thing. Whereas, according to their own sacred book?, and according to the popular hymns sung by the people and the legends that are constantly being told,—when any of the chief Gods of India became incarnate, they were wicked and vile to a degree not describable before a European audience. For example, when Siva became incarnate, the Siva Purana, or the sacred book about Siva (and Siva is one of the three chief gods of India) says that he was a " delighter in Ganja and drunkenness, and that he would go about the world naked and drunk, and these things were but the beginnings of his wickedness. This god, as incarnate, is worshipped under the foulest image ever conceived by the mind of man, and under that image is worshipped by tens of millions of devil-ridden human beings. Opium is damnation, ganja is the essence of damnation to body and soul. Have pity! have pity upon the myriads who in India are degraded to an inconceivable degree is heart and life by their belief in and reverence for a god who, in the time of his in carnation, delighted in drunkenness and ganja and went about the world naked and drunk. In the enormous religious feasts of India there is always a place set apart for the worship of this filthy and horrible god. In that service deeds are done such as cannot be named. All I can say is if you did them here you would go to the stockade for awhile. The Hindus believe in at least ten incarnations, and all of them are filthy. Ram is a very favourite incarnation, and he committed murder, and did so many wicked tricks that, before his return to a state of pure divinity, Ram had to wash away his own sins in the waters of the Ghagra river, so that after this cleansing he might enter the palace of Vishna. Effect of Preaching the Pure Incarnation. This being the state of affairs, the missionaries do well to boast in India that they preach the pure Incarnate Jesus Christ, the Holy One of God, the righteousness of God. The consciences of the Hindus have been drugged by their evil superstitions and beliefs, which they have received from their fathers for many generations. But when the missionaries present before them the spotless life, spotless character, spotless deeds, spotless words, spotless death, spotless ascension, spotless return, on the great white spotless throne, to judge the nations according to the spotless law of God—it comes like a shock of moral electricity to the Hindu. The conscience of the Hindu wakes, and he is obliged to feel that Jesus Christ is the true incarnation of God, the real ambassador of heaven, under the testimony given to the Holy Christ the Hindu is made by his conscience to feel that if ever there have been such incarnations as he has been taught to believe, that they were incarnations of devils and not of God. The Hindu never formed the conception of a sinless God. Able missionary students of their Vedas and Shastras say that all their gods and goddesses exhibit the consciousness of sin, and so do their incarnations. Further, the sacred books declare the 330 million deities to be equal in sin. The fact is that the idea of the Holy Almighty God is to be found in the religion of the Bible and in that religion alone. Exhibit the Lord Jesus in the glory of His grace and holiness to the myriads of India, and He will by force of heart and conscience become their moral conqueror. Siva and Vishnu cannot contend with Jesus Christ in spiritual battle. Just set Jesus Christ clearly forth in his holiness, truth, and love, and there rises in the human soul a feeling and a witness that Jesus is indeed Emmanuel, or God with us. As the sun dispenses with all evidences' but the glory of his own light, and the warmth of his own heat, so Christ, the Sun of Right eousness, if He arise and shine, will prove to the conscience of India both His reality and divinity. Let us labor to give India the knowledge of the Pure Incarnation, then shall two hundred millions of Hindus feel constrained to abandon the vile gods of their fathers, and worship only God who is revealed in Christ. Contrast of Hindu and Christian Trinity. It will help us to see the enormous superiority, truth, and beauty of the Incarnation of God in Christ, if we compare a little the Trinity of the Hindus and the Trinity of the Christians. There is a Trinity of the Hindus—Brahma, Siva, Vishnu. There is the sublime and gracious Trinity of the New Testament—Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. There is a superficial likeness, but how vast and profound the difference between the Triune God of the Bible and the triune god of India. The Trinity of India is a threefold mighty, intelligent Satan, but in reality a helpless Satan—a poor slave. For above and behind even their Trinity the Hindus believe there is a blind, dark, resistless fate. This fate masters, torments, and ruins, not only mortal men, but also the ordinary mob of 330 millions of gods. Fate goes further, it assaults the Trinity, Brahma, Siva, and Vishnu, and by its blind resistless power, masters, torments, and compels them to sin and suffer. Observing the sequential and eternal order in the universe— for they observe the existence of order even in the processes of sin and ruin, the Hindu thinks a man an idiot to believe in chance. So they believe that the ultimate power is devouring, remorseless fate, which operates according to a certain unconscious intelligence. The Christian Trinity. According to the Gospel, there is no dark, blind fate behind and above that glorious Triune God whom we worship under the titles of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Christians believe that all the force or energy which exists, is in, or springs from God, and that God in his theeefold personality perfectly understands Himself, and that nothing occurs within God, or out of God, without the consent of His will. God dwells in the eternal light. In Him there is no darkness at all. God completely governs Himself from eternity to eternity. For example, God governed Himself in the creation of the world. Nor fate, nor chance, obliged God to create the worlds. " For God's pleasure they are and were created." The God revealed in Christ is not a mere creature of fate, as is every god of India, nor yet the sport of chance, nor does He act from wild caprice. God acts in freedom by choice, but by free choice always regulates His action by reason, and by the perfect, infinite, and eternal conscience which lives in God's nature from eternity to eternity. The quickened, developed conscience of man rejects the Trinity of India and their 380 millions of subordinate gods as sinful and feeble idiots. But let the conscience of man be quickened and cultivated to the utmost strength and brightness. Then if he become properly acquainted with the Triune God—Father, Son, and Holy Ghost—the result will be that with a veiled face he will cry with the cherubim : " Holy, holy, holy, Lord God of Sabaoth." Fate, sin, Buffering master the Hiudu Trinity. Freedom, truth, holiness, love, are the attributes of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. How vast the difference between these Trinities. Operative Cause of the Incarnation of Vishnu. Bearing in mind the contrast between the Hindu and Christian Trinity, let us consider what cause operated when Vishnu, according to Indian belief, became incarnate in the form of Chrisna, the black man, and a real blackamoor he was. A person with a black skin might have a white heart, but Chrisna was black inside and out. Chrisna is supposed to be the ninth and present incarnation of Vishnu, the third person of the Hindu trinity. Why did that poor god Vishnu become incarnate ? Had he a great desire to become a human being ? Was he moved by pity and compassion ? Did he of free choice lay his divine glory aside and take the form of a man that he might deliver mankind from sin and sorrow and judgement, and bring them to holiness and heaven ? No ! Vishnu was moved by no such sublime and sweet motives. The unfortunate god Vishnu could not help himself. The time had come round when according to fate Vishnu had to be born as a black man and become Chrisna. Poor Vishnu, though the third person of the Hindu trinity, could not help himself. He was obliged by blind necessity, for no particular reason, to submit to incarnation as the black Chrisna. When he was bom as Chrisna, Vishnu did so many strange, mighty, and wicked things, that he behaved like a god clean mad, who ought to have been confined in a lunatic asylum for mad fools. Finally he was killed by an arrow, and the earth was well rid of him. But he must have risen from the dead, because the Hindus think that Vishnu is still incarnate as Chrisna, and will be for a considerable number of ages yet awhile. The Free Incarnation because of Love. How profoundly different the incarnation of God in Christ. It was no dark fate, no blind necessity, which led and made the Lord God to assume human nature and to be born of the the Virgin at Bethlehem The Son of God acted in perfect freedom, and from pure choice in all that humiliation to which he condescended for our salvation. " He made himself of no reputation," for he took upon himself the form of a poor baby at Bethlehem and of a poor boy at Nazareth, and of a poor mechanic man moving to and from over the roads of Canaan. It was not fate, with its blind eye, nor force, but of His own free operation. He made Himself of no reputation. He took upon Himself the form of a servant : for, in contrast with the form of existence proper to pure Godhead, the form of a man is the form of a servant. Now, the Lord God was not forced into the form of a servant by a force other than His own. He took it upon Himself: it was a voluntary act. Fate operated to oblige Vishnu to become incarnate and to play the fool when he did become incarnate, according to the religious belief of two hundred millions of Hindus. Free choice under the control of reason, but under the impulse of immeasurable love, caused the Son of God to lay aside the glory and felicity of His Godhead and give Himself a ransom for all. By all the superiority of reason over un- reason, of freedom over fate, of love over the feeling of constraint, is Christ's incarnation of religion superior to the religion of India and all the incarnations of her Gods. There is a greater difference between the incarnation of God in Christ and the incarnations of India than between the finest silk robe and the coarsest and filthiest cotton rag. Difference of the Spiritual Vision. When those myriads of poor, unhappy Hindus behold a god incarnate in the person of the black man Chrisnu, they only see the workings of fate. When we behold Jesus we see the manifested love and freedom of God, " For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him might not perish but have eternal life." The Son of God so loved us, that in the fulness of His freedom and the greatness of His righteousness He washed us from our sins in His own blood. Dark and sad are the objects of the Hindu's faith.' Bright and beautiful as the morning star is Christ, the object of Christian faith. To whom much is given from them much shall be required. You have the wondrous revelation of God in Christ. Bathe by faith in His precious blood, die to sin, and rise to holiness. Walk worthy of your vocation, and exercise your charity to myriads of souls, and send to them men and women able to tell the Hindus of the Pure Incarnation, the " sweet story of old when Jesus was here among men." 