WHY LASCAR SAILORS ARE EMPLOYED. How is it that Lascars and coolies are pre ferred to Englishmen! Let me see. Take merits first. To begin with, the Asiatics are cheaper than our seamen ; but as they are weak, and about forty-in o of them arc re quired to do the work of thirty British sailors that cannot ho taken into account, Nor ia it fair to say that their keep costs less than that of Englishmen. Lafcars certainly live on nee, entry, vegetables, &c.; ; but each caste insists on having its own cook, and'“will not touch food bought or prepared by anybody else. The men, too, must bo allowed to observe their religious festivals ; and whereas an or dinary crow can bo paid oil on arrival in port Lascars must necessarily bo kept on. This being so, the cost *f English and native sailors is about the same. The principal re commendations of tho Lascars Asiatics, and Afghans, seem to be their ability to work in hot climates, their good temper, cleanliness, and simple manners —it is said they whimper like children when reproved —willingness, sobriety, and frugality. One thine more; they look picturesque in fine weather, and so gratify the icsthctie sense of passengers. On the other hand, Asiatics are born thieves, and tho "childishness'’ so often claimed for them is very like that of tho heathen Chinee. An acquaintance of the writer, v. ho has bad considerable expci ietice of such men, declines that if you want to be on the safe side you meat keep everything out of their roach. The fact of their being jugglers is to him not with out significance. But here is an actual ex ample of what they can do. Two Lascars were in tho habit of selling stolen articles to a man who asked no questions. One day they went to him with four bottles of “chutney,” which he bought for about onc- flftli the sum at which that condiment is usually retailed and they departed in great glee. On sampling his purchase a few .days later, the amateur “fence” made tho tardy discovery that tho bottles contained a certain kind of patent manure I Then the Mahoinmcdaua aro almost helpless in cold weather. They look pitiful enough on shore sometimes, with (heir teeth chattering and their flesh of tho kind called “goose;” hut at sea, during tho winter months, nhen spray is dashing over the deck, they aro tho most miserable objects imagin able. Some strange stories arc told of the behavior of Lascars under these conditions. It is said that on one occasion forty throo Asiastica wore on a top-mil yard from half past three in tho morning until nine, vainly attempting to furl the sail. Then they wero piped down, and some English officers went aloft, did tho work, and reached tho dock again all in less Limn twenty minutes. An other, and a gpiver, defect in the Lascar is that in limes of danger his fatalism makes him worse Ilian helpless. When ho thinks his death is at band ho will do nothing—bo will not move or stir—to try to avert it. In shipping circles very many eases in point aro known for example A ship was once in grave peril, and yet tho Lascars, believing it and them to be irretrievably doomed, refused to come out of the forecastle, until the first officer went below and kicked one or two of thorn, threatening, at tho same lime, to cram some bacon down their throat, unices they turned out. In this or some analogous v.ay the antipathy of Mohammedans to pork has several times been turned to good account. On considcralion of both sides of the question, then, where has tho Lascar an advantage over the English seamen ? it is net easy to dis cover it so far. One point, however, remains. It is this, that the natives of this country re quire rest, while those of the East Indies do not, or at least are supposed not to. Ship owners think that they can, and will, potter about for forty-eight and even sixty-four hours at a stretch. Theoretically they do work on occasion—such, for example, as when cargo is being taken in aud out of the ship—for so long a spell; actually they do not, for when there is the ghost of a clmnco they take turns in having a imp. .So that tins is only a very trilling matter. Still, the fact is that Lascars are content to wavo hours of leisure, while Englishmen will not do so. Lasc-irs and coolies often servo a sort of apprenticeship to the •‘calling ot the -ea” before they are en gaged on British vc-sds, and belong to a nigber das- limn do ordinary sailors of this country. They arc el verier.; tastes. In the ease of Lm-ear-manned ..nip-, the coal heavers invariably belong to one. the stokers to an other, and the sail rs to a third. Sotii'diiiKS men of two castes are engaged for a particular task, though this is always avoided if possible. Different classes will work together, but not as well as if all belonged to one. They will also cat. together; though, as before said, the food must bo cooked separately. Tho Lascars aro invariably rnnrri and men. m and lino depend ent upon them both ancestors tied descend ants. As most people arc aware, Lascars as a class know little or no English. Merchant officers are in the same position as regards their language. But them is not much diffi culty, nevertheless, in giving orders and see ing that they are properly carried out. There \- nai.jvo Utvvi^wain—it is just tho same on coolie-manned vessels u... l 'c V rnnu” who understands enough ot English tur on practical purposes. When anything is re quired to bo done the officer gives tho necess ary order to tho quartenna-Ter ; ho passes it on to the “ scrang,” who in turn tells tho other Lascars. Then these individuals pull themselves together, ami after jabbering at each other, get hold of a rope ns if they had a week before them to do tho job. Presently, >‘uless things go very well indeed, there is a little swearing. Irom the officers downward, as before. Then more sweating, and so forth and so forth. And thus thirty Lascars can do in about half an hour what fifteen English men seamen could “eat” as the saying goes, in ton minutes. —Cassell’s Saturday .Journal. 