stops And Ghosts. THE undermentioned Maps, Chairs, and Acts of Parliament can be obtained at the Land Office. Map of the Northern Territory, showing runs. Scale, 16 miles to an inch. Price £1, separate sheets 7s. 6d. Plan showing natural features of the country, towns, reserves, roads and sectional lands, at and in the vicinity of Port Darwin. Price, 5s. Plan showing natural features of the trigonometrical survey, N.T. Price 2s. 6d. General Plan showing Port Darwin Telegraph line. Prize 2s. 6d. Plan of Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line in sheets. Scale 20 miles to an inch. Price 2s. each, as follows: Sheet (1) Palmerston to the King; (2) The King to Powell's Creek Station, (3) The Tomkinson to the Woodforde ; (4) The Woodforde to Charlotte Waters Station. Mr. Wixnecke's Explorations between Herbert River, Alice Springs, and Tennant's Creek. Price 3s. Mr. Favenc's Explorations during 1878-9, 1882-3. Price 2s. 6d. Hundred Sheets. Scale 1 mile to an inch. Price Is. each. Ayers, Blyth, Bagot, Cavenagh, Colton, Finniss Goyder, Glyde, Guy, Hughes, Hutchinson, Howard, Hart, Hawkshaw, Milne, Strangways, Selwyn, and Waterhouse. Town Plans. Scale 8 chains to an inch. Palmerston, 2s. 6d. Daly-, Southport, Virginia, Burrundie, Borroloola, Playford, Knutsford. Stuart, Union Town, Urapunga, and Suburbans to Palmerston, Is each. Map of Australia, Is. Charts, as follows North-west coast of Australia, 4s. Port Essington to Cape Stewart, 3s North coast of Australia, 3s. Gulf of Carpentaria, 3s. Vernon Island, 3s. Melville Island and Dundas Straits, 2s. Port Darwin, 3s. Adam Bay and month of Adelaide River, 2s. Port Essington, 2s. North-west side Gulf of Carpentaria, 2s. St. Asaph Bay and Port Cockburn, Is. 6d. Clarence Straits, 3s. - -The Roper River, 2s. 6d. Mc Arthur River, Is. Victoria River, 2s. Liverpool River, Is. 6d. Port Darwin and adjacent inlets, 2s Acts and Regulations, as follows Acts, Is. each \- Gold Mining Act 1873. Mineral Act 1888, Land Act 1882. Regulations Gold Mining Board, Is. Mineral, 6d. Land, Is. Attention is called to the fact that in no case will plans be supplied until the proper fee has been received ; insufficient fees will simply be held to the credit of the applicant until called for. F. C. WARD, Chief Clerk and Draughtsman. 