| BOB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL ; A Novel - ' .......... ... . m. ..... DAVID. CHRISTIE MURRAY,. Author ov Joseph's Coat, Aunt - Rachel, . . Rainbow Gold, &c.;, &0.. &c.; All Bioht8 Reserved. i ; / ' Chapter XXIV. ! Next morning tound Dom on his way to London. He had shaved aud dressed with an unusual and scrupulous caro, and in his black frock ooat, broad cravat and silk hat had very muoli tho look of a general retired from active service, 'Xho little bit of red ribbon in the left lappel of his coat helped to lend him en air of distinction, nnd he sat witli his gloved hands orossed on the knob of his walking stick, so motionless and so resolute in aspeot that his fellow passengers stared a good deal at him, and exchanged glances with eaoh other. His military aspeot by no means belied his temper, for ho was in tlie mood to scale a fortress single handed. Nor was tlie service on whioh he had entered devoid of danger. He proposed no less to himself than flatly to aocuse John Hetheridgo of murder. Hetheridgo by this time occupied a high place in London financial oircles, was Abso lutely' free of suspicion of foul play in aiiy direc tion, highly respected, and was in general almost inaccessible to accusation- " What do I know?" Dom asked himself in silence as he rode. " Let me see how the chain holds.Link one : Hetheridgo has known an Andr6 Dom in Australia. Ho is at least familiar with the name, and was as likely to have uecd that as any other. Link two ; Before he went out to Australia bis hatred of Redwood was a mat- tor of common knowledge. He had threatened to have the life of any man who married Ellice Greenaway. Link three : He loses himself in the busti; learns of the rumor of bis own death, and finds himself, if it eo please him, effaced from the world. Link four ; He does actually efface himself, denying his own name to the men who rescued him. Link, five : There are two years in his osreer for whioh lie declines to ac count to ' anybody. Link six : Ho appears in Wcllstod in his.own porson on. the day after the murdor. -Link seven : Tire murdered man is hardly, cold in his gravo when Hetheridgs begins to make approaches to tho widow. Link oight : He hears my namo called and turns in a horrible agony of fear. Link nine : He pretends not to know a word of Frcneh and listens quaking whilst I speak of tlio murder in that language. Is there a link missing anywhere. No. The chain will hold ! There were other considerations yet whioh weighed with him. From the moment at which the suspioion he had carried so long in sllenoe had dawned upon him he had lost no oppor tunity of inquiring into Hetheridge's past, and into tbe history of the elder Redwood. Ha lmd learned of Hetheridgo's groundless belief in tho dishonosty of the murdered man's fnthor. Ho had learned.. further that Redwood had been without an enemy in tho world save Hetheridgo. Fnrthor yet, he knew that the Andre Dom who had committed the murder had no causo of qnarrel whatever with bis riotira. Coupling all these facts with the utrango evanishment of bo mnrked a figare as the murderer, he seemed to himself to have forged a ohain as' strong as death: Whether lie wero right or wrong, and no shadow of a doubt assailed his mind, he felt, now that this crisis had arrived, that he was pushed on by an inexorable necessity, a duty whioh eould not be denied or shirked. Terrible as tlie possibility of a marriage between George and Ellice had appeared to him, oven that shrank into nothing by tho side of tho inorcdiblo alrooity of that second union which was made contingent on the first. He had asked himself over and over again, " why do I make this my business, but always to answer tlmt no mnn.not sunk in the most des perate slough of indifference could fail to make it his business if he guessed the truth. Arrived in London, he betook himself to a chop house that he knew, drank a glass of wine there, ns an excuse for asking for a sight of tho London Directory, nnd in a few minutes wns master of Hetheridge's addross. Ho mounted a passing omnibus and alighted nenr Hethe ridgo's place of busincre, whore lie walked re solutely in and presontcd hi3 card. One of Hothoridgo's olerks oarried the enrd to bis amployer, who barely glanced at it.and threw it asida. "Ask him his - business," he said, almost snappishly. The mere name onino as a great shock to him, but he continued to bear it and show no sign. Tho olerk returned. "Tho Rcntleman says his business is private but very urgent." "Then teli liirn," Hetheridgo returned, " to write about it." . Again tile clerk retired, and again returned. "The gentleman insists on a personal inter view, sir?' ... "Tell him I'm engaged and oan't see him." Once more the clerk retired, and again re turned. "The gentleman says ho will wait until you can." .... " Tell him," snapped Hetheridge, " to go to the devil." Tho olerk finally retired, but forboro to deliver the tncssa'goas givoii, softening it on his own responsibility - into the statonieut that Mr. Hetheridge. declined to receive the visitor. "That," void Dom, "is link number ton," though on reflection ho saw that it was scarcely worth while to attaoh so tnuoh importance to a busy man's refusal to . recoivo a visitor who declined to disclose his business. : " We shall see if he- will see me," said Mon sieur Dom aloud, and taking a seat in the outer office, lie produced n newspaper purchased oh 'he journey, nnd began steadfastly to read. ' . Th? ''onr approached at whioh Hothoridgo invariably went out for luncheon, and he was in - tha act of putting on his gloves when the - clerk who hnd brought him nows of Dora's . arrival entered the room with a bundle of papers, which ho laid upon tho table. "I beg your pardon, sir," said tho olerk, ".but tho gentleman is still wftitinq." ; "Vary well," said Hetheridge, throwing his gloves back into tho hat from which, lie had taken them. I won't be troubled with tho r fellow. Impudent begging letter impostor. Send round for lunohoon. I will take it ' here. ' , Monsieur Dom was not rendered bo insensible ' to the ordinary business of life by the agitation . I. errand but that tho odor of tbe viands which passed iuto the inner office reminded him that his own luncheon hour had passed. He Htuck atolidly to his post, however, though once ; or twice he thought of his pipe with a yearning. ' hor the first timo in his life lie read the adver tisement columns of a great London journal, " .and he had ample timo to road them nearly all. He found a trivial, dreary nort of interest in them, though his mind never really wavered from his mission for.an instant. Four o'elook : came, and the clerk whom he had originally addressed accosted him. : 11 We're going to. clear out now, sir. You' won't see Mr. Hetheridge to«day." <i S0B about that," Dom answered. V.orSfc to tell you," said tho clerk, with1 something of a facetious air, "that Mr. ' Hetheridge left, the offices by the bock way an ' hour and a half ago." . Monsieur Dom had no belief in the existence ' of a back way, tho responsible looking business . man, coming out. of the inner room at this .. minute, and walking briskly away with a crisp good afternoon to his subordinates, ho began to see that the actual closing time iiAd arrived and that he would have littlo opportunity of waiting further. The clerks themselves locked up their desks, and exchanged thoir office oo&ts; for : smarter garments. "Now, sir, if yon ploase," said one of them, and he walked perforce on to the landing. The outer door of the office snapped behind him, tbe " , u . ll atl explosion of laughter -dashed ? clattering down the stairs end he was left Alone. He followed the retreating footsteps slowly down the street, which just then was thronged with hurrying figures. Thrco minutes later, he stood in solitude, and only tlie rumble of near and distant traffic was left to tell him that . London was not suddenly transformed into a desert. He walked thoughtfully up and down, ' keeping the entrance to tno offices constantly in - view, and by and bye a lonely policeman walk- mg towards him, he hailed him and posed a question. "Is there any baok way into this row of buildings i" "No, sir," returned the officer. - "Tho only entranco is from the front." " Thank you," said Monsieur Dem, smiling grimly. " That will do." - He walked up and down tho deserted pave- mont, a whilst the afternoon sunRhine and.iti following shadow slid higher nnd higher tip the walls of the houso opposito. He saw it redden the high chimney pots and disappear, and still ho paced up and down with a constant eye,» upon the doorway. The rumbling of traffio in .. the nenr and distant streets lulled and swelled, - ' .lulled and swelled again, and after one pro- oar I'k® that of a sea grinding on a pebbly beach, died away altogether. The lamp ' lighter went his rounds. The stars began to twinkle faintly in the paling sky. An op pressive silcnoe reigned, broken only by the sound of Monsieur Dom' own footsteps. The dnsk of night -was falling thiokly round him, when at last his resolute p&ticnoo; was re- ' warded, and Hetheridgo came out upon tho . street, glancing swiftly and suspioiously this % way and that along tlie street. As it chanoed,' ' Dom Btood in the shadow, and a lamp im- mediately opposito the entrance to tho offices revealed Hotlioridge quito plainly. After an instant's pause, lie turned, unconsoious for the moment of pursuit, and walked, with a gait too relaxed and shaken for a man. of his years, along the street. ..Dom followed with a swift and resolute step, and laid his hand upon his shoulder. Excutez mof, monsieur , parley-vous Francois," "No," said Hetheridge, bluntly, and walked on. "Ezcustz mot, etieore," pursued Dom,' sardonically, and then in the same language, - "Monsieur compels mo to inform him that he ia a liar." Ho had marked out Ills plan of campaign and- was determined on one swift coup, Hetheridge started at tbe reply thus flung at him, but possessed himself again, walked on and made no sign. " Monsieur has not understood that ob servation," continued Monsieur Dom, still - olinging. to his native tongue.., ".Very good. ' "We will try another. Monsieur will permit mo to inform him that I acouso him to his faoe " ho paused of set purpose/ and Hethe ridge looked at him, his writhing face ghastly in the gloom, "I ohargc him to his face as a murderer." Hetheridge gave a gasping ory and staggered ' forward, and if Dom had not supported him he would have falleii. "Ah," said Dom, dropping the tone of craei badinage ho had hitherto adopted, but still speaking in his own tongue, "you understand , mo now." . ' "No," said Hcthoridgo, beside himsolf with horror, pasunmot . Jcncparle pas Francait Je le Jure." Scattered as his wits were, he had Bcarcoly . spoken tho words when he recognised his own amazing folly. - Tho street rooked and whirled with him. . There .were dancing sparks of fire and blackness before his eyos, and there was a sick frost of terror in his heart. Bis accuser stood regarding him in silence, . and that silence lasted, to Hetheridge's fancy, for a long space of time, though in reality it was but brief. "I have trapped you at last, fox thatyou are," said Dora. Hetheridge's mind began once more to serve ' him. How much did tho man know ? How ' much was guesswork? He felt tlmt his own best safeguard lay for the time in silcneo. Was it vengeance, or justice, or blackmail? How' did .he know that he really had anything to ' fenr? " I shall have to talk with you," Dom said. ; " You will not rofuse mo an-audience this time. I think." " I am not woll," said Hetheridge, speaking-, in English.- - " I have not been well for months - past. I did . not know, you at first. You ' startled me. I thought you meant to rob rnc." " "Where shall we have our talk?" Dom de manded. He still spoke' in his own language, - but Hetheridgo was nofc to be further beguiled. He feigned not to understand, nnd murmured - something about getting old before his time. 1 Ho was hotribly shaken, but he purposely exag gerated his own .symptoms Jo gain timo and to recover his power of fence. Dom disdained n snbterfugo and addressed him in English : , 4 Where sball we go? " _ . . "There is an hotel not far away," said Hethe ridge. "If. you would help me to it I should" take it as a favor.'' . — — — Dom seized him by .tlso arm and led Iiim ill the direction ho had indicated. . ... _ . "Not so fast," said Hetheridge. I am not strong! and . a shook of this kind, unmans me. Was it you' who called this morning? I had forgotten your name until I recognised you a moment back. You should have sent in a state, ment of your business. Perhaps you may bo nblo to toll me its nature by and bye, when I have recovered mysolf a little." Ho spoke with halting ' breath and with a strange catch in his voice., These came by nature, but ho made them moro marked than thoy nood havo boon. Dom watchod and qucstibnod within himself. The shook might have positively ' upsot the villain's facul ties for tlio moment, or ho might bo foxing. Hotheridgo, walking with apparont difficulty, indicnted the turnings to bo taken by a wordloss gesture, and in a few minutes they reached an old fashioned city hotel and entered together, Dom still retaining his hold upon his captive's arm. "Let us have a private room," he said to a waiter who lounged in the passage. " Phis gohtleman and I have business together." " And send me a glass of brandy and water," said Hetheridgo. " 1 am not very well. I havo received a shock." The waiter obeyod their orders, and they wero loft alono in a sombre and ill lighted room. Hethcridge sank into a ohair, drank his brandy and water at a gulp, and then with an admir able Assumption of a return to commonplace drew one leg across the other and clasped his ankle with both hands, looked up with tbo air of one who awaits a communication. "I am better now," he said. "Perhaps you will unfold your business." " I willbcgyou, for your own sake, not to play the fool with me," Dom answered in a guardod voice. " My business is to tell you that your wiokod villainy is detcoted at last, beyond a doubt." "My villainy?" said Hetheridge. He panted and trembled btill, nhd the sick frost still had possession of his heart, but ho was master of his own resources once more. The', fight was one for life or death and no audacity could harm. "My villainy: that is a atrange beginning, Mr. Dom." AYhatovor shred-or tatter of doubt had existed in Dom's mind before ho had accosted Hctheridge in the street had been.' Bwept away for ever. He answered sternly. " You will find it usoless to equivocate." "Describe the villainy," said Hetheridgo, with a puzzled air, and with n touch of anger as well as of bowildermont in his tone. "Give. a name to it." "Mulder is its name," said Dom. "I deuounoe you as tho murderer of Goorge Bed- wood." " You.denonnco me," Hethcridge bogan, but Dom out him short " I denounce you as tho murderer of Goorgo Redwood at Upnor in tho Ootobor of eighteon fifty-nine." "My dear sir," cried Hetheridgo, "this passes patience. Was it to mako this insane acousation that you waited on me this morning." Dom rose to a white heat within, but. kept passably cool on the outside in faoo of this as tonishing effrontery. "You play to save your neolc," ho said, "Very good. It is natural that you should play a bold and cunning game. Do you know George Ca8hmoro?" He put tho question with a disconcerting suddennesss, and watched like a hawk for its effect. " No," said Hetheridgo. " I never heard of the man." "That," returned . Dom, "is what George Oashmore said of John Hetheridge, though he and John Hotheridgo were the same." f'l am. sorry to see you qualifying for. a mad- house at. this rate," Hetheridge answered scornfully. . " Wait a moment," oriod Dom, "and listen to me. I will bring a sooro of witnesses to Bwcnr that you threatened George Redwood's life: . I will bring two meii to swear that when yoii' wero lost in the Australian bush you hid your name from the men who rescued you. I will provo that you roaolied AYollstod on tho day af tor tho murder. I will provo that , for two years you cau givo no acoount of your time that can be corroborated. I can prove you knew tho man whoso name you passed under in Bug- land. I saw your face when you heard the name callod out seven years after the murder. I know that not another man in tho world had a grudge against George Redwood." "And then?" said Hotheridgc, "These are all interesting oireumstanees, doubtless, and soma of them aro truo enough. Do you con sider what you are doing, Mr. Dom? You aro bringing tlio gravest eliargo known to tbo law against a maii whose oliaraoter. has never been impeached till now. How do you suppose that a magistrate will reoeivo your statement if you arc bo very ill advised as to give mo in charge?" He molted like wax beforo a surprise, but he was adamant, to stand a siege. He had never in his life held all his faculties better in command than he did now. His coolness foilod Dom alto gether, and filled liim with so bitter a sense of impotenco and exasperation that for a moment bo could find no words. "My poor, door friend, : Goorgo Bedwood," Hotheridgo oontinued, "was murdered by a Preucbman, a man who bore your name, as you liavo reason to remember. That man was known moro or less to ovory inhabitant of Upnor." " You were that man," said Dom. "My dear, good madman, lot mo ask you how it oarao about if I wero that man that I visited Upnor only a day or two after tbo mur der and was not denounced. Everybody who know the man knew me. IVhy have I gone scot freo all these yoars?" "Because of your own infernal cunning," said .Dom, -choking with discomfiture and wrath. " Of course," said Hetheridge, nursing liis ankle in both hands and looking Dom quite steadily in' tho faoo. " Of course, tlio question stands absurdly outside tlio limits of discussion, but if it pleases you wo will submit the whole tiling to arbitration. IVo will call in, lot us say, tho landlord, who knows njo very well, nnd you shall tell your story. If ho believes it you shall givo me in oharge, and if lie doesn't bolievo it you shall allow mo to present you at Bedlam as a person unfit to bo at large." " What I know," oricd Dom, starting to bis feet, " I know, j have seon guilt in your face. Twice I have seen it. There was a plain con-, fession tlioro to- night. I will track you yet. I will trace overy day of thoso two hidden years. I dedicate my life to that task, and I will spend niy last farthing on it," "My dear friend," said Hetheridgo, totally unmoved on tlrn outside. "It matters little to me what purpose you dovoto your life to. If you go on as you aro doing it will very shortly mattervery little to anybody." "You devilish liar and impostor," oriod Dom, falling baok upon his native tongue again in the extremity of his anger. "Plait — il, monsieur? " said Hctheridge, with sardonic coolness. "You see," he said, "I know a word or two of your delightful languago, Mr. Dom. I don't pretend to any serious knowledge of it, but I find I understand a little how and .then. Perhaps on the whole it might not he amiss if we were to say ' good night,' -You may be as olever as you please, and as oheeky as you ploase, hut I offer no black mail," . Dom felt his own impotonoe too keenly to i>ro- Iong the struggle. . ".God is just," ho said. " All will bo known in His good time." Ho went away checked, dispirited, and seem ing aged by a dozen years, as he oropt.from the hotol wbieb he had entered so confidently. But at that very hour Nemesis wosastir. , Chapter XXV. . On the morning of the day on whioh Dom set out for London, young Bodwood rose oarly af tor a sleeplesa night. In middle age n slight anxiety may rob a man of bis slumbers, but it takes something serious to mako the night of a wbolosomo lad of 23' altogether feverish and unrestful. He had counted the strokes of the village clock as it striiok tho quarters and tho hours, and had faced a thousand phantoms before the grey dawn glimmered on tho window blind. Before the day had well declared itsolf he rose and dressed in stealthy quiet, fearing to disturb his mother, and having foraged for a glass of milk and a ornst, took up his gun, thrust a double handful of oartridges into his pooket and strolled towards tho AYeybridgo Woods, less with intent against the rabbits there than to give his mind a ebnnco of clearing itself in the fresh air of morning from the vagabond fanoies of tho night. Por a landowner, a man of exceptionally old family, and a Tory, Mr. AA'oybridge had one remarkable characteristic. He was an ardent opposer of tho Game Laws, and steadfastly re fused to proservo his shooting, and over since George had been of an age to carry a gun ho had had the freedom of woodaud wairen. Sofaras tho rabbits wero concerned his liconse lasted all tho year round, and constant practice had mado llim a dead shot. He had not walked far when the faithful Sam appeared in sight, and at once attached himself to the young favorito as a matter of courso. Sam was an early riser by old habit, and always smoked liia first pipo in the open air, unless hold in doors by extromo stress of woather. When tho first groetings woro over, Goorgo showed himself indisposed to talk, and Sam, yielding obodienoo to his mood, they ramblod on in silonce. Tho rabbits seemed unusually plentiful that morning, but Georgo threw away naif a dozen chances, and missed two or three easy shots. " Here, Sam," ho said at length, handing the gun to his com panion. " You'd hotter try your lmnd. I'm uo good this morning. I dou't foel as if I oared about it." Sam reoalled, his own sensations in early courtship, when ''Tilda had ohoson to be too ooy or too 'exacting. Too muoh disposed in one way or another to test the limits of hor power, and ho came to tho conclusion that Miss Hotheridgo had been " playing up " with her Bweetheart. "That'll be all right in a day or two," said Sam, within himself, "but it's nasty and un pleasant while it lasts." Ho grew very keen on the shooting, whioh was a rare form of sport with him, and soon forgot to notice his comrado's dejootcd manner. When ho had rolled over half-a-dozon rabbits, tho sound of a gun not far . away reverberated through the woods, and George took baok his own piece. A rabbit darting aoross the path a moment later, lio fired. ' Hullo 1" called a hearty voice at soma little distance. " Who's out thero ?" " I don't know that voice," said Sam, " Who is it?" . "I don't know it either, " Bodwood answered, but he shouted back in answer to tho haih - A oraokling noiso was heard as of some heavy body forcing its way through tho dry undor- growth. It camo nearer, and by - and bye an unusually portly ' gentleman, elderly and white of board, but florid in oomploxion, and with eyes as bright as a bird's, Btepped out upon the path. Ho stared at Bedwood almost as if he had seen a ghost. .Upon my soul," ho said, as if to himself, '.'I nover saw sucli a likeness in my life. You'vo forgotten me, I suppose, young gohtlema'n ?" "No, indeed, Sir . Eustaoe, Bedwood an swered. "By gad," said tho. baronet, shaking him warmly by the hand, "'I should hayo known you anywhere. I should havo reoognised you in the middle of tho great Sahara. Such an extra ordinary likeness I can't remember to have seen. You'ro your father over again— even to the lit'tlo bits of sido whisker," he added,- moving his head from sido to sido, as . his' boon eyoa took stock of George. "My mother tolls me so, " Bedwood answered, "but a. little miniaturo wo have at homo tolls quite a different story." ' "Well," said Sir Eiistaoo, , "I'll baok your mother against the miniature." "You'ro out early," cried Sir Eustnco, in bis jolly way. "So ami I like to tasto tlio day when it's fresh, and there's no better companion than a gun. This one isn't muoh uso to mo," lie oontinued, holding out tho weapon ho carried. "Stook's too long. Can't get tho confounded, thing to my shoulder. And how are you, and how's your mothor? I got down last night," ho wont on, without waiting for a reply to these queries. ?' I heard you'd called, but I was chat- tiug with my sister at the time. And how's old Dom ? GoOd chap, Dom. Knows his business. Woybridgo gets all the prizos now. I did when old Dom was with mo. First rato fellow, Dom." Ho fixed his keen oyoB oh Totter. " I'vo seon you beforo somewhere." "Well you have, boss, nnd that's a fa'ot," Sam answered. " I thought so," said Sir Eustace, staring at him. "Where was it?" , Sam gave him a mysterious, sidelong motion af tho head to indicato that ho would rather answer this question in private. Bedwood ob serving this strolled a few paces away, and Sam with a repetition of the sidelong motion, and throwing in a mysterious wink with it, led Sir Eustace in an opposite direction. " The young boss has never been told about It," ho whispered, " nnd I don't want him to know. Him and me's been mates ovor since he was that high. I was brought up boforo you," said Sam, leaning forward and breathing hard into tho baronot's ear, "on suspicion of his father." Sir Eustace started baok in a momentary astonishment, "Ah," he said, "I remember now." Ho looked Sam up aud down in some wonderment at tho respeotability of his appearance. . "And what aro you doing here ?" "Well, its this way, boss. I'm a livin' on my income." . "Oh," said Sir Eustace, dryly, "you'ro. one of tho local gontry, aro yon ?" "Thoycall mo a gentleman on the voting list," Sam answered with perfoot slmplioity, " but that don't mako a heap o' difference. .- I don't set muoh store by it anyhow. It doesn't make much difference in the price o' ton, docs it. boss?" " As I seom to remomber," Sir Euotaoo an- swerod, "tea was not your beverage when I mado your acquaintance." "It is now, though," Sam returned, "and has been this many a year. It's liko this, you know " " Well, I'm glad you've reformed," said Sir Eustace, cutting him short majestically. " It was drink that lod you into tbatsorape, my good fellow." " B'ght you are, boss," Sam assented, warmly. " Bight you are. But it . was liko this, , you know " "Rodwood, "Sir Eustnco slioutod, and marched off aftor tho youngstor, somewhat iinpolitoly, to Sam's way of thinking. : George pausod till tho baronet overtook him, and Sam following sauntored in tlio roar. "You'vo taken your degreo?" said Sir Eus tace, Ho looked with ovideut admiration at tho stalwart, well Bet up young follow beside him. " Trinity Hall, I think they said. And now what are you going to do with yoursolf ? " I mean to mako a civil engineer,' Goorge answered. " I'm off to Liege iu a week or two to get an insight into tho practical part of the business." . "That's well," said Sir Eustace. t Nothing like having an ocoupation if you wish to ho happy. I'vo beon obliged to put up with hob bies ail my life. A profession would have been tlio mnking of me. What aro you doing to day?" Georgo oonfoased that he hod nothiug speoial on hand. , "Then," said tho baronet, "comoand break fast with mo. Sovon o'clock's my timo. Wey hridge won't bo down till eight, and I shall bo lonely. Direolly after breakfast I'm going to have a shy at some of tlioBO giant oarp in tho park pool. Come and join, and we'll make a merry morning of it." "Thank you, Sir Eustnco," said tho youngster, " I will with pleasure. I must let my mother know whore I am, but Sam will seo to that for mo." Ho turned to Potter, who was lounging tranquilly in tlio roar, pipe in mouth. "Im going to breakfast with Sir Eustaco Wyncombe, Sam," ho said. Will you call as you go homo and let my mother know? And, by tbo way, I'll toll you what you might do for me. You might go into my room and get my fishing tackle. I shall want — " and hero he ran into dotails of rod, line and bait. Sam accepted the commission with alacrity. " You'll want somebody to punt you about, Master George," ho said. "I'm the man for that job." "If Sir .Eustaco pleases," Georgo returnod, and tho baronet offering no opposition, the arrangement was made. to be continued. 