THE MILLIONAIRE MOSES. is f ZZfu Hirf.h 08 h0 appca" t0 llis "lemies a.7 i " BC0ltin8 Hob', wlio, having toonh ' ra8a ""'fcaron of the nine K o tl n Rl?ln ,Uty;, TUl8Mly baya wil" " ill " 41,0 oountonaneo of noonlo of set i «" i ln?,t th Princo oE w"lc3>a set. Ho is also believed to be of tbo earth carthyj.and soils tbo name of charity by linking bis narao with ''great movements such as tho Jewish persecutions in Russia on coonomical forms. M. Blowitz, whoso notorious Christian extraction naturally accounts for hereditary anti- Semitism, has more than onco hinted that Baron do Hirsoh's support of the New Exodus is Hague, and nothing but Hague, undertaken with the sole objeot'o! acquiring European reputation os thriftily as possible. This ostlmato of Baron do Hirsoh's charaoter can only be accounted for by the existence m him, as in most strong men, .of indifference to public opinion, and even a secret delight n being abused, for faults which do not. really exist. Tbo baron is a proud man j ho is a good man ; anil he combines groat intellectual power with cool judgment, tenacity of purpose, ami singular industry. Ilia hnbits arc almost as- cotio. He Homotimea mingles with hia water a little red wine. The pleasures of the table hnvo no attraction for him. He does not smoke. Rising oarly, ho works atoadily for six boms on end, wherever ho may be. His operations of chanty aro so vast that ho finds himself Prime Miulster of a Government financed by himself. the expenditure of which exceeded last year the revenue of some of the smaller European States. In tho year 1891 Baron do Hirsch oitber spent, or pledged himself to spend on oharity, £3,000,000 sterling, or moro than four times the rcvenuo of the Salvation Army. Nor must it bo supposed that this princely charity is pourcu out to casual suppliants... In nil the European capitals aro established Hirsch com mittees, whioh have authority from- him to relievo suffering on oertain well ascertained principles,' substantially thoso of tho Oharity Organisation Sooioty. It is true that he reaoives avast number of lotters asking for aid. As many as 400 begging letters a day sometimes reaou him. But he holds that being asked for money is no reason for gWing it. To thoso who have inner knowledge of tho deleterious results of emotional obarity, enforced by large moans, the results of Baron do Hirsoh's beuefaotions aro surprising. The mystery is, not only that ho does so muoh good, but that ho doos it so quietly. A few days ago it leaked out that La l<'l6ohc was running for tho London hospitals. La. Fltohc is only part of a system. All his horses last year not only ran for tho London hospitals, and a sum of £7000 was divided among them, but tho Baron pays all his trainers1 biliR And other expenses, and thon hnndB over to tho London hospitals the gross winnings of his stud of racers. He bates nowsnanora and advertisements of all kinds, of whioh truth this one foot is an Instance. ' Baron do Hirsch has been very ilL An ugly rumor of his death recently spread through tlie London elubs with the rapidity of a forest fire. Had he died, faots would have come out whioh would havo sot the world wondering that they did not recognise him as he is before he died. 'Perhaps the keynote of hia "charaoter is chivalry. It is told in Paris how. when he and another Jow, who wo9 his enemy's son, were blackballed for 'a certain club, he bought tho building for an onormoua sum. The blub com- mitteoe, loth to leavo their old quarters, : offered to elect him if he would relinquish hia bargain. His reply savored of tho fourtoonth oentury : " ICoop your club, but oleot a Jew, I name the gentleman who was blackballed In my company. 11 The club, accordingly, acoeptcd these terms, and took back their leaso from Baron de Hirsch at the price he paid for it. Theyeleoted his enemy's V son. Tho only detail that remains to chronicle I is that to this day that enemy's son does nob \ know that lie owes his election to the chivalry i of Maurice do Hirsch, and that the vindication of tho dignity of his co-roligionists was to tho \" latter a doarer objoot of life than his own exaltation. j Many- well- informed people object to tho I friendship that is supposed to exist between the Princo of Wales and Baron do Hirsch. It is j, assumed that a friendship between tho prince ( and tho financier cannot oxist without a golden link. Their friendship, however, has no such origin ; it subsists on no such tie. A few years baok the only son of Baron do Hirsoh died. The futuro of that young man was anything fanoy liked to picture. with boundless means, as saulted by tiio designs of good men and bad, of good women and bad, in three capitals of Europe, he retained hia Bimple tastes, and con: tinned a good son to his father and mother. Idolised by both, his naturo was ono that was never spoiled. Beforo he died ho booamo romarkablo for intellectual achievements. Ho was one of the first living r authorities on numismatics. He was a finoshot, > conspicuously handsome, and the fair world was open beforo him. Ho died about the same time as the Crown Prinee of. Austria. Tho Princo of Wales exhibited to Baron de Hirsch in his grief sonic of that sympathy which ho himself, for tho same reason; lias sinoe sorely needed. It was over - the grave qf Baron de Hirsoh's only son that his friendship for the Prinoo of Wales was founded. There is no foundation for tho rumors of ignoble debt. Tho Princo of Wales is the only subject of tho Queen who eannob : reply to malicious attack. He, too, has great and generous qualities of which' England may be proud ; and his friendship for Baron de Hirsoh is free from tho. sordid elements commonly at tributed to it. ' It is sometimes-said, and more often hinted, that the way invwhioh Baron do Hirsoh has made his fortune will not bear the light of day. This is not true. He is the grandson and tho son of rich men. Ho married a lady with a vory largo fortune. Everything ho has touched -— «> has turned to gold, mninly in consequence of his skill in the ctioioeof men. Ho makes appoint ments . that other mon would deem wildly unwise. It is but rarely, however, that his choico is not vindicated by successful results. Insight Into character is necessary to thoso who wish to got on iii the world, and Baron do Hirsoh lias this faculty developed to a singular degree. His first groat coup was tho purchase of a Belgian Bank witli all its depreciated assets. This bank proved a initio of gold, And made him ono of tho first financiers oi Europe. Then came a period of railway contraots. It is currently but erroneously believed that the bulk of tho Hirsch fortune was made out of the Turk, and under oiroumstanccs over which it is better to draw a veil. ' Tho Ilaron was ono of three contractors for.' tho Rulgaiian-Gonstnntinople line. ' Lots wore cast for the most remunerative portions. After the decision was made it was found that the Hirsch section was the worst. All three went to work, and two out of thrco lost' money.' The third made £800,000. Ilia name was Hirsoh. The successful contractor attributes his success to; a mastery of detail, to his. German engineers, and to economy in small things. Perhaps I havo formed too high an opinion of my friend. He is neither ancol nor saint. But ho is a rare good sort. Nowhere docs he appear to better advantago than in the shooting line. At Eiohhorn or St. Johaun — tho latter for ouoice — uiin nnesb partridge snooting in Europe awaits the happy guest. Perhap3 the chief difference remArlcablo to an English eye is the groater part in the day's enjoyment occupied by tho host. He places the guus. He settles the field of action Tho organisation is his, There is no fuss. Beaters and keepers are in harmony If the sport is better and the luncheon arrange ments more luxurious than is often the ease in England, ithero is no sense of laborious prepara tion. Keepers arc in their proper place,- and the exorbitant tips extorted from >oor men over nerc are aimosc impossible a moueac sovereign or two is most gratefully acknowledged, and anv man who ,nas: shot at Eiohhorn or Sfc» Johann must admit that tho whole thing is done well . Perhaps some of the plumper guests may have roasori to", complain of their host's pedes trian powers.. Every, ono who' can keep rftft'e with' tiieir host's onergetio exertions can look baok on their " slioot" as a red rlotter day. Baron- Maurice ":de Hirsch is more. than a remarkable man. . II est homme da siccfe— at all events oho of thbm. — Pall Mall Budget, The accompanying portrait is taken from tho Review of Reviews. THE LATE FRANCIS A. HARE, ' - - BARON MAURICE DE HIRSOH. j .lis tho mouth, tho nostrils, tho enrs of the I erer. It lies several feet ucep in tho streets, V j -(enters the open doors and windows witli appa- I j VStly greater oaso than does tho atmosphorio j : (air. No ohink is too small for its persuasive I power. The human palate loses its ordinary if - ability. It is unable to distinguish botweou | lusty mutton and dusty beef, between dusty | champagne and dusty whisky. The human | /throat requires, as we shall seo, constant rins- ill .' I ing, and ono would think that Broken Hill was 1 j tho prototype of tho "dark aoeldama of sor- B I row" of which Gilbort and Sullivan's acstliote 3 I sings, whore — fj / Tho earth of a dusty to-day iC-J Is thb dust of an earthy to-morrow. In early days — for Broken Hill has already the |V?\' ubiquitous early inhabitant— it is narated that lyj tho municipality, in tho spasm of enlargement of heart, purohasod a watering cart. It was not pit a now or even a secondhand watering jjSVi cart, but one whoso days of servioo had lit -'3 long sinco expired in a happier clime. A few j-. '.1 drops of highly mineralised water escaped from d it as it pursued its asthma-tie course through tho I 7-3 dust laden streets without making the slightest I ;« impression. For n few days a sad faced man I drove it slowly along, but ho couldn't stand tho I racket, and, driven to desperation by the flouts and jeers of the spectators, who watched its spasmodic efforts, he handed in his resignation, i — and ovor since the aged watering cart stands un heeded in the lumber yard, while the dust main tains its despotic rule. The general prevalence of dust is no doubt largely responsible for tho prevalence of bar rooms. Tho bar room is the most prominent : . feature of Broken Hill life. As there is only ono club, and that of soanty dimensions, and no ; public resorts, tho mm seller has a monopoly of social meeting places. Hotels, with ono oxcep- f tion, in the ordinary sense of tho word, do not / exist. Bar rooms liavo in the course of time if produced excrescences in tho shape of billiard / rooms, eating rooms, and finally bedrooms, and these agglomerations stylo themselves hotels. But the hotel of oivilisatiou where n congeries of sitting rooms, sleeping rooms, reading rooms and dining rooms is provided for the accommo dation of tho traveller, is utterly unknown. Every floor of the so < ailed hotel hns its bar room, generally the most habitable room in the house. As a natural consequenco Broken Hill V! is tho paradise of tho bar maid. She numbers her admirers by tho hundred, and being gene rally a very level headed young person with a . olose eye to bnsinoss siie distributes her smiles witli as great impartiality as she does her drinks. Tho nowspapers of Broken Hill have long since appreciated this fact, and chronicle comings and goings of the bar maids with as much gravity as if they were mombers of the Cabinet or first clnss murdorors. We read that the "graceful and accomplished Miss Tottie Smith lias retired from the management of the bottles and glasses at the Proprietary bar, and will iu the future ontcrtnin her numerous friends right royally at tho Bloek 10 Hotel," or " Miss Patsic O'Flahcrty, so long the cynosure of all eyes at the bar of the Kaolin, is about to retire into private life in order to become the blushing bride of our popular fellow oitizen, Mr. Thomas Jones. Good luck to you, Tom, although you havo deprived Brokon Hill of ono of its fairest and brightest ornaments." During my visit I secured a bedroom in a hotel which shall be nnmclesB. Tho room was, I believe, of fair dimensions for Broken Hill, hilt one certainly could not have swung a cat in it Without dashing out tho brains of the unfor- tunato animal. Unfortunately for the peace- fulness of my slumbers there was a bar . room close by, nndor tho management of S a remarkably popular and athletio young lady. Sho and her admirers kept revel until far into i the small hours of tho morning, and they soemcd I to have returned to the customs of our primovul | ancestors, who acquired their brides by oapturo. I For every now and then a rush down tho pas sage, followed by a peal of feminine laughter, would be heard, until the whole party would bring up in confusion against the door of somo unfortunate's bedroom. Of oourse it is tho dust that is to blame for all this, aud the historian of the development of Brokon Hill will miss the moBt salient point in its history if he fails to give full weight to this all pervading oloment. But in spite of the popularity of the bar room and the bar maid, the rowdiness of the American mining town is altogether wanting. No doubt enormous quantities of drink are consumod, but the cheerful crack of the revolver and tho mad gallop of the cowboy, whioh lend such a ploasant spice of danger and pioturesqueness to Amorioan mining life, aro altogether unknown. The wall known inscription in tbe "dive"of theAmerioan mining oamp, " Please do not shoot tho pianist ; he is doing his best," would be as much out of placo in Broken Hill as an illuminated Bible text would be in a gambling hell. No one acquainted with the miuing settlements of othor lands can fail to be struok with the outward sobriety and good behavior of Broken Hill. But this very virtuo detraots greatly from i, / the interest of the placo as a curiosity. In tho 'j'- .early days of California and Colorado, the j /pioturosque figure of tho miner with his shoot- I I ing irons, the danoe rooms with their painted I jf 'pretty waitresses," and the gambling houses I j so open to the street that the passer by could ' ¥ seo the ...faro, lay outs aud roulette wheels, ft smell the whisky, and hear the imprecations of / the revellers, added a certain individuality to j the town,, and amused, even if they did- not i;,. edify, the visitor. ; But a Broken Hill street ty"' is as- still aud dull as anything In;-, Holy , Adelaide itself, and tho facos of tho people are as serious as thoso of a Glas wegian on Sunday!, There is but one general amusement On Saturday and Sunday ovon- ings crowds of sadfacod men and' women per- 7u ambulate the dark and dismal- streets. . Up and ; i\ down, baokwards and forwards, they marok as purposelessly. as so, many, lions on, tigers in ' their .cages. The darkness is so complete that they . cannot see , each other's faees or admiro onoh other's clothes. Yotfor hours the dismal, joyless procession drags its weary length , along, leading, one almost to think that, light. is no necessity -for .then). AVo know that fish, found. l» subtorrauean lakes havo, ceasod. to dovelope eyes. Perhaps ovolution is also nt work on these minerB, and ohildron of miners, and that they prefer darkness. It is amazing that in a town liko Brokcu Hill, whero there are a gas company and an olectrio light com pany, tho municipality should not provide somo kind of lighting iu tho stroets. How different is this lethargy from the onorgy shown in a now mining settlement in tho United States. A fow months ago a acttlemont was started at Oreode, in Colorado, whero silver was found in largo quantities. A town containing 25,000 inhabi tants is alrondy built in a canon with perpen dicular walls of 1000 feet iu height, and within five days from the timo tho ground was broken for tho building, tho nascent streets ware illu minated by olootrioity. Yet there is a gas com- pany at D.'oken Hill which ohargos tho respec table sum of 15s. per 1000 oubio fact for their gas, and nn Eleotric Light and Power Company whioh only finds BufHeiont business to necessi tate tho usa of ono of their two dynamos. Tho Broken Hillitcs will tell you that the municipality is too poor to provide light for tho streets, and that the miniug oompanics ovade their proper share of taxation. But thnt such a state of things should have boon endured for seven years arguos either gross incompetency or corruption in the looal authorities. At the present timo thoy have pluokcd up enough courage to attempt to tax tho Proprietary mino to a small extent ; but that company, although taking millions out of tho town, refuse to con tribute, and are fighting the question in the courts. At night, when all is quiet, tho rabbits omcrgc from under the housosnnd from their other retreats to look for oabbago loaves and such like garbage. They gather round tho few private clcotrio lights, and sit blinking by tho hour, un disturbed in their ruminations, even by tho few stray cats anddogs, who seem to share the general want of energy. This apathy pervades every thing and ovorybody. To the visitor who has seen tho miniug towns of othor lands tho want of initiation and self reliance is simply amazing. The history of the water supply question is a good exemplification of this failing. As long ago as March, 1885, a public meoting was held in roforcnoo to the necessity of supplying the town with a good stock of. water. Ever sinoo soheme after sohemohas been floated and allowed tooollapse. Influential deputations have from time to timo made the long and oircuitous journey to Sydney to lay thoir grievances boforo the Govoininont. Their fate has always been the same. Thoy were either fooled in Parliament or snubbod by tho Exeoutivo. And they deserved no better fate. Not even the most sanguine Broken Hillitc enn believe that his town " has oomo to stay." Suoh a belief would bo totally opposed to all human experience. Tho groat mines and mining towns in Amerioa havo ouo after another disappeared, oxocpt in thoso rare places where agriculture has sprung up to take the placo of the short lived mining industry. Broken Hill has pro bably many yoars of life beforo it, but that it is like the mercy of God aud endurcth for ever is a proposition to whioh no man in his senses will agree. Why then should the State liolp with permanent works au ephemeral industry, or help to fill the pockets of greedy non-resident shareholders? Is it not the duty of these rioh corporations to make lifo bearable for tho men who aro filling their pockets? It is all baldcr- dnsh to talk of the present low price of shares. At thoir first value of 8s. per Bharo, aftor fre quent aud heavy watering, the Proprietary mino has been paying at the rate of 300 per cent, a year. Suroly such a woalthy corporation ought not to go a begging for Government aid as if they were paupors. The Darling River is not far off, and I venture to say that in no othor community in tho world would privato enter prise have been so dull as not to avail itself of this perennial supply. At the present momont Brokon Hill is exultant because a private oom- pany has built a dam at Stephen's Creek, So far so good. Thoy told me that it contained 500,000,000 gallons of water, and was loss than half fulL Perhaps so. They also say that the soakago was not nearly as great as was ex- peoted. This may also bo true, but what about tho evaporation ? There is no reason to oxpcot that thore will be any considerable rainfall at Broken Hill for many months, and noonesocms to rcfleot what tho enormous evaporation over a broad sheet of water of very little dopth will be. Tho good people of Broken Hill fiook out iu hundreds to view tho unwontod sight of a sheet of water and nevor think that most of this muddy fluid will return to tho skies and not wait to be pumped into tho reservoir above tho town. The water in tho dam is the color of weak codec, aud the whole solution of mud and water is pumped unfiltered through 10 miles of pipes. Tho exceedingly natural question aroso to my lips, " "Why is this water not filtered beforo it leaves the creek?" and tho answer was because thore was no money left to construot a filtoring basin. Of courso it would be wrong for any person not an oxpert to venture an opinion upon the question of tho necessary strength of the dam, but I may say, not on my own but upon tho opinion of oue who has ovory reason to speak authoritatively, that the works were built upon a scale totally out of proportion with what was neoded, and that if propor mothods had been adopted in tho beginning the oompany would have had lots of money to pump only pure wator, and not dust and wator, through their mains. Any person who thinks that the Broken Hill water question has been solved by tho Stophou's Creek dam seems to ine to be cithor very sanguine or vory foolish. Heine, in ono of his impious outbursts, Baid that there could bo no doubt that God oreated tho world in six days— thoro was so muoh left undone. Instead of supplying the deficiencies like mon, tho Brokon Hillites have done littlo but whine pitifully and ask tho Government to bolster up the wealthiest oom munity in tho . country. Probably about the time .when .the, mines.arc emptied, of thoir rich, contents the Hill will havo : a good ; supply - of.' -wator land tho - wallaby - , and h : kangaroo revisiting their old play grounds will;; join, with tho rabbits in passing laudatory resolutions about the eiitor- Drisqof. the directors of the mines. . Evory traveller who visits new towns must havo remarked that ho alsvays arrivos at tho very timo when prosperity is nt low wator. Suoh was my oxporionoo at Broken Hill. I had hoard so much about tho tremendous trafllo be tween Adclaido and the Barrier that I had givon up all hope of scouring a sleeping borth. Judge of my astonishmont whoa I found only one psssongor besido myself going down, and on returning I was the solo denizen of tho sleoplng oar. Aoeording to tho conductor my exporionoe was not unique, and he stated that during the drought tho looomotive had as muoh as it could comfortably do to drag up water onough to lost for the round trip. Al most the first inhabitant I met showed mo a largo shoaf of cheques, "Theso," said he, "are post dated oheques whioh I had to take. Tho day on which they woro dated has long sinoc passed, and I amuso mysolf overy day by going round to see whotlier thero aro any funds in tho bank to meet them." Then I hoard from numerous tradosmon that thoy would liko to leave, but could not got one- third of what thoy had paid for their houses or lands. It was tho same old story which meets every traveller. " Oh, you ought to havo boon hero two years ago. Things woro livoly thon. No ono thought of playing billiards without a fiver on tho game, nor drank anything but ohampagno." This high water mark of prosperity may not recommend itself to everybody, but it is evidently a oriteriou at Broken Hill. "Tho miners' wives," said the tradespeople before tho suspension of work took plaoe, "aro spending no money. They expeot a strike, and aro putting away overy penny they can lay their hands on to meet tho evil day." But if the stranger vonturos to suggest that thore aro natural causes for the depression ho is regarded as an out rageous libeller of a community where, to the outsider, parsons and doctors alono soem to flourish. Is it any wonder that in such a woo- begono community nt the determination of the directors to reduce wages by tho introduction of competitive tendering and tho removal of somo of tho smelters to Fort Pirio the whole popula tion should bo up in arms ? Whether the smelt ing is done at the Hill or at Fort Firie has boon considered merely from a monetary point of viow. But it is a subject of vital importance to the Broken Hill publio, and they may bo right in their arguments against tho ohnngo. Somo years ago a branch lino of railway was projected between a town somo 30 miles distant from the main lino between Vora Oruz and tho oity of Moxieo. The ordinary man would havo begun nt tho main lino and built on into the wilderness, and thus have easily conveyed the building material as he went along. But this system did not recommend itself to tho Mexioan mind. Tho works woro commenced at the distant town, and the sleepers, rails and othor nccossary material wore laboriously dragged there by long teams of oxeu. The con tractors wore - romonstrated with on the peculiarity of thoir system, but thoy saw nothing strange in it, for if it were done other wise the aborigines and their oxen would gain nothing from the new line. Tho people of Brokon Hill think the Mexican system is adopted by tho direotors as to the smcltors for similar reasons. There is one thing upon whioh the founders of Broken Hill are to be warmly congratulated. They have adopted an entirely, now and most appropriate stylo of street nomenclature. There arc many ways of naming streets. In tho British Isles tho aristocraoy have almost a monopoly. In revolutionary countries tho dates of tbe last revolution are genorally com memorated, and there we find Rue 4 Soptombro or Calle 5 Mayo. This systom leads, howevor, to frequent and often unweleome ohanges. In New York recently a patriotio board of alder men wanted to change Chatham-street, a roliot of British tyranuy, into Patsy Divver-strcet, after ono of their own body. In America generally tho monotonous numboring systom prevails ; and it speakB volumes for tho originality of tho founders of Broken Hill that they struok out an absolutely new plan. Oxide, Bromide and Chloride Btreots aro admirably adapted to a town whose existence dopends upon those chemical combinations. It may bo objected that thoy leave tho taste of an apothecary's shop in one's mouth, hut what can he more neat and appropriate than a sohool for naughty boys in Sulphido-strcet, whore thoy undergo tbe same treatment as tho refractory ores rojoicing in that name. Lafontaiuo Bays somewhere that man is suoh an adaptable creature that ho would in timo probably become acoustomcd even to hell. Broken Hill is no pleasure resort, and oan nevor bcoome one. Cornishmcn and goats, howevor, seem to be perfeotly satisfied with their environ ment. The interior of tho earth is probably vory much alike in all parts of its orust, and thoso who spond most of their time there no doubt become careless whether tho leaden sky of Cornwall or tho bright Bun and dust of Broken Hill greet him on his emergence from darkness. Tho goat is, as evoryono knows, tho most easily satisfied of animals. It is more at home wlion browsing upon old tomato tins and oraugo peel than whon grazing up to its knees in a rich pasturo. It puts man to shame at Broken Hill, whero it may bo seen in thousands cropping a scanty and unsatis factory moal by bending down tho tops of the mulga bushes. Cats and dogs do not consider lifo worth liviug in this unattractive clime. Poultry yield up the ghost without a struggle, and the all pervading sparrow declines to scttlo at the Hill. Some years ago a herd of rats visited Broken Hill, but after a stay of 24 hours they, moved on to more congenial surround ings. Broken Hill is no pleasure resort, aud man has douo but.littlo to add to its ' attractiveness. A magnificent coffee palace was built, but ps a bar .room, . the very nuoleus of. a successful 'Broken1 Hill hotel; was wanting, it is a deserUd . mansion.. The. onorgy of tho municipality is so slight that they were too lazy to insert the date of the' laying -of tho founda tion Btonqiof their tbwir'hdll. Th'oro it ' stands with tho' uiifinisliud ihsoriptibnT-" On tlio,— day- of..'April," a monument' of Broken Hill apathy. At first I thought thnt tho ronl date might havo been All Fools' day, but I found on inquiry that my supposition was iuoorreot. Pro fessor Jonks in his recent work on The Govern ment of Victoria states that in tho now com munity of Port Phillip the first institution was an arbitrator, tho second a polioo magistrate, tho third a police constable and the fourth a gaol. Broken Hill has not as yet arrived at the first stage of this process of evolutionary growth. Iu American mining towns the evolutionary oourse is generally a bar room, a gambling houso, a dance houso, a oliurch and a sohool houso. Water, lighting nnd drain age are thero beforo the houses nrc built. Broken Hill has neither tho amusements nor tho oomforts of civilisation. Nothing is dono for tho comfort of tho working man. He has to pay an onormous rant for a shnntyof corrugated iron— a porfoot furnace in Bummer— or a hut consisting of a wooden frame protected from the inolemonoy of the wcathor by canvas nailed on tho frame. Suoh is tho unlovely environment of tho Brokon Hill miner. For eight hours breathing in the deadly lend poison of thostopos, another eight hours grilling in a hut which nn Irish bog trotter would disdain, nnd for the remainder of the 24 hours loafing about the dusty streets or dusty bar rooms. Tho strike has come, as was ovident as soon as tho dirootors stated their determina tion to insist upon competitive tendering. It is sad to think that a littlo diplomacy might havo avoided this terrible disastor, Whothcr tho miners have noted properly or not is a mnttcr of opinion, but ono can not help thinking that greed, and nothing but greed, has led to this deplorablo calamity. Tom Tiddler's ground must be exploited no matter wkotber man suffers or not. What do abscntoo shareholders care for tho loss of life by lead poison, by dynamito or by tho caving in of timbers as long as one panny oan bo addod to the dividend ? Henry James in one of his recent novols describes the sensations of tho fin dc siiclc American who surveys for tho first timo tho sunny nnd poaeoful fields of France. " It had come baok upon him that what he had been looking at was a very rioh and - beautiful world, and that it had not all been made by sharp rail roaders and stockbrokers. " A failure to recog nise this faot lios at the bottom of many of tho troublos at Broken Hill. 