SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. Vtpyngni.) By an M.D. Author of " Under a Spell," " Victoria Cross Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Love with a Ghost," " Condemned to Death," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER IX. "TOKENS QUID FEMINA POSSIT." There invariably conies a time when the most restless spirit hails with joy a brief moment of quietude from the turmoil and jarring discords of existence. For three days, under tiie hospitable. roof of General Ponthier, I enjoyed a rest and freer dom from anxiety, such as I had not experienced for some time past. Even my uncertainty as to the possibility of gaining- any clue to Ethel's domicile, and as to the truth of Diibosque's asser tion that she was his promised wife, failed to dis turb the sense of peace which fell, angel-like, over my mind. I could not help wondering, many times a«day, at the strange satisfaction which enveloped me, and I came to the conclusion that the Spirit of Good had mercifully spread his . wings into ..the. future, and had permitted my gaze to lollow their shadow, and perceive mentally the happy termina tion of all my doubts and fears. The General had deemed it advisable for me to lie perdu until I could make arrangements for leav ing France. He was anxious that I should avoid any chance meeting with Dubosque, Le Maitre, or 4ven Julie, for he wisely considered that, in the excited state in which we ail undoubtedly were, it might . load to a discreditable' fracas in the opeii streets. Although I felt that I was perfectly able to control myself, yet, in deference to 1113' friend's wishes, I consented to remain a prisoner within the precincts of the house. Oil; the morning of the fourth day of my- self-im posed 'seclusion, I began to feel a trifle wearied at .suchFstagiiatiqn of activity, and hinted as much to my host. But he had arrived at an age when the cooling passions allowed a mature judgment tb have fair play ; he had no Ethel to lure him into ma 1 adventures or follies, and consequently counselled patience. He promised that the police shoul.l bring the Brandons' address within the next twent3-foiir hours, and then advised me to be con tent with one short interview with my beloved, and to quit the shores of France as speedily as possible afterwards. Shortly after this conversation the General left me, with many lamentations that an unavoidable engagement, forced him to condemn me to the. solitude of my own thoughts. I lighted a cigar— that sovereign solace in all melancholic humours — and paced restlessly up and down the. well-stocked library. Either m\' break fast had disagreed with me, or else the bright sun, mockingly urging me to. come forth aiid£-vcl in life warm beams, irritated inc. biyoiul endurance.- I . Hung my cigar away before it was half - finished, with an objurgation upon all cabbage plants ..which fraudulently attempted to pass themselves off as veritable JVieoliana Tabacum. Then I wearily paced the floor backwards and forwards, forwards and backwards, until every minute tracing in the pattern of thejearpet which lay on my lino of march seemed indelibly woven into- my brain tissue. An end at list came to this tedious monotony of irritation. A footman appeared at the doorway to inform me that a lady was awaiting me in the salon. Back rolled the thunderclouds of ennui and ill-tcmp6r at this announcement! Sweet Ethel had found me ! She had not rested supinely and trusted to the exertions of others, as I had done, but had gone forth on the; wings of love to discover the man whose mental and physical life was such a mystery' ! Such devotion was superhuman ; it was angelic ! As these thoughts passed rapidly through my mini, I almost flew past the astonished flunkey, and burst into tiie salon with a iiaste which betokened a lover's ardour. It was not a decorous . method of entering a drawing-room, but the occasion was an all-sufficient excuse, as the. lady who rose to greet me evidently imagined! My precipitate movements, based upon one idea — that of clasping Ethel to my heart — had brought me so close to the visitor, that my arms were already around her before I dis covered I was committing the unpardonable error of embracing, not Ethel, but Julie de Savigny! "I owe you ten thousand apologies ! " I exclaimed, Starling back. "There is 110 need for them," answered Julie, ir tones which .she knew how to modulate into the . softest of musi'c. . T'horougldy taken aback by such an- unexpected visit, I stood before her silent and confused. Gradually, the lustrous beauty of her lovely face 6tole over my senses, and I found myself mentally regretting that Le Maitre's impertinent interference had put an erfd to those delicious tetes- a-tetes which had served to beguile many a pleasant hour. My features must have betrayed my thoughts, for Julie, breaking the silence, said — "I am not entirely forgotten, then ?" "Ah, no, Mademoiselle " "Why this formality ? " interrupted Circe. "I am as much Julie now as when we last met ! " "Well, Julie," I replied, "you see that circum stances have arisen which forbid our continuing on the old familiar footing." « "Come and sit down b- me, Gerald, and we will discuss these circumstances." I obej'ed, and as I came nearer to her soft, pathetic eyes, my subjugation to her charms seemed mminent. Then her warm hand was gently laid on my trembling fingers, and in another second she would have completed lier conquest, had not the pale, pure face of Ethel appeared, as a vision, between Julie's lips and mine ! The thought, re collection, or vision, or whatever it was, released me from the bondage of Circe's spell; in an ins' ant I threw off 1113' weakness, and steeled my heart against her fascinations. I gradually edged nyself to a distance less lover- like, and there awaited the first symptoms of the activity of her volcano of passion. "Why do j'ou remove yourself from me?" she asked in a sad, soft voice. " Will rou not treat me as you used to in those happ da3's at the Cecal e ? " " I have already said that circumstances have occurred Avhich have placed 1113' conduct in an un favourable light. Your uncle and Dubosque, by their attitude towards me, have rendered it im possible that I can ever enjo' again the pleasure I derived from -our society." "Be not so pitiless, Gerald ! Am I nothing to you that you can so calmly talk of putting me. out of your life for ever ? You came to me and made me love you whether I would or no. Have some compassion upon a heart which 3our coldness has rendered desolate." "I thought we had agreed to repress our friend ship within the bounds of brotherly and sisterly affection," was 1113' repl-, delivered in tones renderetffirm and decided by the thought of Ethel. "Change the subject, Julie, and, let. us . talk pleasantly of the thousand and one tilings which render 3'our gay city so charming an abode." "I might as well attempt to check the advance of the incoming tide on the seashore," responded Julie, with a sigh. Then, changing her drooping attitude to one of energy, she continued," You are a high-minded, honourable gentleman, Gerald ; if 3'ou were different to what 3-011 are I would let you go, even at the eleventh hour, and brave the sneers of my employers." "What do 3'ou mean, Julie ?" asked, 1113' atten- j biou aroused by her reference to wire-pullers in the j background. "You innocent boy ! " she. exclaimed, with a harsh laugh. " Have you not ret fathomed the very shallow plot devised by Dubosque for the purpose d of idding himself of a rival ? Anyone but an up right man would have seen through it long ago, but your perfect trust in the good faith of others made you a pliant tool to deal with, up to a certain point. Let me make 1113- confession, and ask -our pardon for the part I have played against you." "I am convinced 3-ou would never liavo >er- petrated any evil against me!" 1 exclaimed. "Be not too sure," she answered, with a strange smile. "Listen, and you shall have the- solution of all the mysteries with which 3'ou have beeu so care fully surrounded. In the first place, the con. spirators who were supposed to be your gaolers were a myth, for they ceased to exist before 3-011 left the nospital. What, then, 'qu will ask, was Dubosque '» object in keeping 3-ou in ?" "The answer is obvious," I interrupted. "Dubosque had, in the meantime, met Miss Brandon, fallen in love with her, and discovered that she would receive, attentions from nobody on account of her affection for me." "You have penetrated his motives," replied Julie. "He was so infatuated that he determined to control your every action, until his marriage rendered further precautions unnecessary. But now I must ' come to the subject of my complicity in the matter, and \\-ou may wonder that I consented to become his tool in luring \\-ou into a marriage with my-sell when I tell 3-011 that, at the time, I was the fiancee of Dubosque, otherwise known by liis proper title of Marquis de Dijonnais ! Yet such was the case, and it was only through 1113' rascally uncle that- 1 became aware of his having formed another attach ment. How do you think this amiable relative broke the news to me ? B\r proposing the scheme of mak ing you Dubosque's substitute ; and, in considera tion of my efforts to entangle 3-ou being successful. I was to receive from the Marquis a dowiy of two hundred thousand francs. I had never reall3- caved for De Dijonnais, and had merely been dazzled ly Ins wealth and position ; but when this insulting proposition was repeated to me by his own lips, I mentally vowed to take a sweeping revenge, and. for this purpose, pretended to acquiesce in all the details of liis plot. Whether you fell a victim to ny wiles or not, was to me a matter of perfect in difference, for I imagined 3Tou to be as other men are — cold, calculating, treacherous, and devoid of real honour. My intentions were to divulge the whole scheme to Miss Brandon on the eve of her projected marriage, and to throw 3-ou overboard without consulting 3our feelings at all. This would have been a splendid revenge for the dastardly- in sult De Dijonnais had offered me; it would have broken his heart, for I knoyv he passionate- loves your Ethel. Then came the day of 3-0111 introduc tion to me— a day never to be forgotten Until death shall destroy my memory for ever ! Ah, Gerald, 3-ou appeared before me as a revelation of a new world, of a neyv order of men — bettei-, nobler, purer, than the avaricious, sin-besotted creatures 1 yvas daily forced to associate yvith. The flame of love sprang into my heart, and burned through my whole being yvith an intensity so overpowering that ? could no longer hide it from 3-ou. From the moment. when my uncle surprised you kneeling beside me; I threw aside the idea of revenging myself upon Dr Dijonnais, and determined to give liim all the aid in my power to enable liim to place Miss Brandon be yond your reach. Had I beeu able to accomplish thi? design, I should have "made -ou free to love again. I yvoukl have soothed your regret at losing the love of 3-our boyhood, byinstil ling into your heart the deeper, more enduring affection of ripe manhood." j "Thank God that you have all so utterly over- ! reached yourselves !" I ejaculated. "Softly, Gerald !" said Julie in a purring voice. "The Marquis mav yvin 3'et. If 3-ou are yvise, 3'ou will not 011I3- refuse to talk of her, but will dismiss her entirely- from your mind, for she is as good as lost- to y-ou for ever. Miss Brandon is probably- by this time united to Mons. de Dijonnais!" A short, pithy sentence ! But it sent me stagger ing back to my seat confused, giddy, and hopeless. 1 mutely appealed to Julie to unsay her dreadful words ; her eyes softened as they met 1113- agonised glance but the next instant they blazed again with the fire of indomitable resolution. " Poor Gerald 1 " she murmured, coming close to me. "It is a bitter blow, but it is better learned from one yvliose only object in life is to comfort y-ou than from the cold uusympathising lips of an ordi nary friend." I, yvho a short yvhile ago nearly fell a victim to her seductions, now shrank from her touch as if it were contaminating. When her hand gently pressed mine, I brusquely threyv it off and, rising, retreated from her. "Do 3'ou know Miss Brandon's address ?" I suddenly asked. "I do." "Then give it me, that I may hear from her own lips the truth of your assertions, and that I may curse her if they are correct'." I exclaimed wildly, almost incoherently. "You yvill do no good by going to her," ansyvered Julie. "Let me comfort 3-ou, Gerald, as I used to iti our happy- days at the ' Cercle. " I yvill soothe your griefs, and be so tender and patient ! Grant me only the privilege of a sister to assuage your sorroyvs and bring peace to your heart ! " " This interview has continued long enough, "I at last exclaimed huskily. "Take these yvords for your adieu, that I scorn the sympathy of one who could at any moment have slieyvu her true love and generosity by disclosing to me the proximity of Miss Brandon, but who chose to alloyv me to break my heart because she selfishly desired to steal an affection she knew to be pledged to another. That is my adieu, mademoiselle, to you yvho are a worthy partner of the infamous Dubosque." Tin 8 1 scornful ytftrds, delivered with the most sarcastic emphasis I could muster, found their way to Julie's heart, and awoke her slumbering passions. The tender, prayerful demeanour vanished as if by magic, yvhilst a hard glitter of the eyes, and a con traction of the face, as pale as the marble table she was leaning against, yvarned me that my cutting contempt had powerfully aroused all the evil nature of this beautiful fury ! I shuddered as I noted the expression on Julie's countenance, and became for the first time thoroughly convinced that she would no longer hesitate to sacrifice my feelings or happi ness, since they stood in the way of the attainment of her own desires. Sloyvly I turned my eyes from that beautiful face j so inhumanly distorted, and made a few hesitating j steps towards the door. "Stop, Gerald Gray!" commanded Julie in cold, clear, imperious accents. "You have scorned my sympathy;" she went on, " you have stigmatised my conduct as all that is base and wicked. You have flung away -the proffer of a devoted love, and trampled it beneath 3-our feet as if it yvere something too degrading for your acceptance ! Had your contumely been a little less, I might have spared you for your own sake ; but the words which you meant for a final adieu have irrevocably decided your fate. Listen and j mark every word I now say to you. I have seen I Gthel Brandon, and have told her that you .arc j engaged to me ; I have sacrificed my own reputation that she might know that her marriage to you was an impossibilit3', and I have clinched my tale by telling her that the threat of my uncle's pistol was the only means of forcing you into an engagement. If I have blackened my character, I have also succeeded in so blasting yours, that Miss Brandon will never willingly- see 3-ou or speak to you again !" "You have done this, and yet profess to love me?" I exclaimed, aghast at the fiendish malignancy of this woman, yvho not even spared herself in her determination to cut me off from all chance of ever wedding Ethel. "Can you pretend to feel this all- absorbing affection for me, and yet calmly- dash the cup of happiness from my lips, and condemn me, by your falsehoods, to pass the rest of my life in unavailing regret at my misfortune in having ever met you? I did not read your character thus, in the. early days of our friendship ! I then respected and esteemed you. But now — ! No, Julie, I yvill not speak the bitter thoughts that arise in me. I would rather entreat you to assure me that your interview with Miss Brandon yvas fictitious, aiul that you were not so utterly lost to all sense of honour and propriety as to have poured into her ears the horrible tale you have just disclosed !" "What I have told you is true!" replied Julie deliaitly. "I love you, and as long as I have br. at'i I will not tamely surrender you to any other woman. Do not imagine that my chavaete? has undergone any alteration during the last few weeks; it has always been the same— soft and pliant and loving, even to self-destruction, as regards you; but pitiless, hard, and merciless to any who would deprive me of the only thing yvorth living for, and that is your love!" "To meet such another example of a reckless, un tamed mind, I should have to search carefully-amongst the North American Indians !" yvas my rejoinder. "J care nothing for your taunts," retorted Julie. "If I have thrown aside the conventionalities of the artificial state of existence called civilisation, it is solely for your sake. But God made the mind and the affections free, and I am therefore breaking no Divine law in declaring my love for you." "Is there not a Divine precept which teaches that the greatest love one person can bear to another is 3hew.i by the sacrifice of inclination, even of life itself, should such be necessary to the yvell-being if the beli»ved# object?" Julie drooped her head, and was silent for a few ; , moments. Then she burst into ft passionatft j paroxysm of weeping, and threw herself into my ! arms! Before 1 could expostulate she broke into > lamentations so piteous, and uttered entreaties so wild and incoherent, that I was thoroughly startled bv their excessive vehemence. "I cannot give you ; up!" she sobbed. "Such sacrifices as you speak of ! are an impossibility with me, for I love you so | entirely that I should regard myself yvith scorn if j I yvere weak-minded enough to let any consideration j prevent 013- obtaining you as 1113- own." i "But Julie," 1 remonstrated, "you know that I j can never iovc you ! My whole soul is wrapped up I in Ethel Brandon, .and if I cannot marry her, I shall j live a life of perpetual celibac-." j "Is there no In e, Gerald ?-' she asked, yvith ft I wild, imploring look. | "None!" I answered tersely, hoping by the ! severity of brevity to cut short this unpleasant and I distressing scene. j "But if 3-ou found that Miss Brandon yvas married, ! would you not turn to me --for comfort?" she per- sisted. j "I would not!" yvas my firm reply. I "Every fibre of my bod- is pulsating," she j exclaimed passionate-" with a mad, unreasoning love j for 3-011 ! So take care, Gerald Gra3r, for in mother's southern blood, running ir. my veins, j warns me that an intense feeling such as mine | can easily be transformed into the bitterest hate | and the keenest desire for vengeance." "We shall begin to understand one another, if j y-ou talk in that strain much longer," I ansyvered. "Love and hatred are so incompatible that your last words make me doubt yvhether 3-ou really know what love is." "Insolent!" she retorted. "Have I brought nyself to this — that I am not only spurned, but insulted ? j Ah ! You shall rue the day- yvlien Julie de Savigny ! humbled herself to you, and yvas rejected with con temptuous scorn. I have alread3- forwarded to Miss Brandon every letter y-ou have written to me, and begged her to protect herself against Lothario, other- | wise known as Gerald Gray-." i " You are quite at liberty to perjure yourself as j much as 3-011 think fit," 1 answered, considerably j nettled'at the idea that my affectionate, though only i brotherly, letters to her might he made to assume | the importance of billets dou.v breathing ardent devo tion in every line. "Perjure myself!" she repeated. "Ah! Perjury shall "be the smallest of 1113- crimes. You little knoyv what an insulted yvoman can do, and I promise that before another feyv day-s have passed, ou yvill wish that Ethel Brandon had never existed, or that I you had acceded to my entreaties !" I "I regret that y our infatuation should prompt 3-011 to leave me yvith something akin to a curse. Surely j your sense of right and wrong — " | Julie interrupted me yvith a laugh that, savoured j of madness. "Scorn, contempt, insult — all these I have I received where I hoped to obtain love ! What i return can a yvoman make for such treatment? I ' will tell 3'ou. She can plot, and scheme, and lie j in yvait until her enemies fall into her net ; then ! she can repay scorn with scorn, and contumely yvith contumely. Do not sa3- 3'ou have not received duo warning, Gerald Gra3", and remember I shall strike quickly and strike home." With a swift, sudden movement, expressive of raging anger, she reached the door of the salon. Then she turned for an instant and cast upon me an indescribable look, in yvhicli love, regret, and furious hatred yvere all mingled. Hie next moment she vanished from my sight, and I heard her retir ing footsteps echo through the corridor, yvith an intense feeling of relief, tempered by a fear that her ill-regulated passions might yet work me greater misery- than they had already done. Gould I have foreseen that 103- bo3'isli dalliance yvith a bright, vivacious girl, would be productive of so much mischief in the future I would have cut my tongue out sooner than have uttered a compliment, and yvould have gone blind for the rest of nw da3r3 rather than have aroused her passion yvith my ad miring glances. I was forced to acknoyvledge that my conduct had been eminently- foolish, but I extracted some balm for my wounded soul from the reflection that 1113- folly yvas not criminal, that my honour had never been tarnished, and that I could meet Ethel nd truthful- tell her that my heart had never once wavered in its allegiance. Would Ethel believe this, assuming she granted me an interview, in face of the black and audacious falsehoods poured into her ear by Julie ? Her veiy purit3 of mind would make her disbelieve the statement that I was pursued and persecuted by the unwelcome love of another yvoman ; she, who was all innocence and niodest3-, yvould indignantly close 1113- mouth at the very outset of the attempt to clear my character by vilifying one of her own sex. Trul-, 1 yvas in the toils, and nothing but invin cible patience could extricate me ! I could expect no assistance from Dubosque. He would keep up appearances until he had either married Ethel or been finally dismissed. Well, yvell ! I had bought some experience ver3' dearly and very bitterly, and the price I had paid for learning to distrust and despise m3' fellow-mortals was the loss of Ethel and the total ruin of my earth 13- hopes. There is nothing in the wide world that can ever make up for the sudden extinction of love's young dream. The tender passion so glorifies everything, that the meanest objects seem golden, sombre colours appear brilliant, and dull prosaic Earth becomes a Paradiso wherein men walk as angels. If love throws this glamour over the e3re, it has also a similar effect upon the mind. Under its influence, vicious ten dencies are repressed, perhaps conquered for ever ; generosity, pit3, s-mpathy, and the various senti mental emotions which tend to elevate all around us, are most poyverfull3 evoked. Eiirth truly is a Taradise, and if man could only keep under the dominion of the sublime passion, he would con tinue to regard it as such until his dying da\ If my ideas of the power of love to raise man to so high a level be correct — and my state of mind vehemently urged me to accept them as true — then those .yvho separated two loving hearts had not merely committed a cruel, hut a wicked and sinful act, for they not only destroyed material happiness, but acted as the rniuisters of the Prince of Evil by stopping that moral progress which it is the special function of love to stimulate,, and the special desire of the enemy of all good to annihilate ! But all these speculations yvould not help me to Ethel. If not already too late, my last chance of hope lay in seeing her yvithout an instant's delay-, and yet I knew not yvhere to find her, for Dubosque and Julie were both agreed to malignantly frustrate our ever meeting again, and had both refused to supply 1110 with the information I needed. One. desperate chance presented itself to me — that of seeking Dubosque, and wringing the secret from him by threats, insults, or force. I even meditated doing this in the open streets, in the presence of a croyvd, . so that, from very shaine, he would disclose all I wanted to know. This, undoubtedly, yvas the most expeditious course I could pursue. It seemed use- less to \vait any longer for a result from the slow, cumbersome process recommended 113- the General. Four, days had nearly elapsed, and I yvas still as much in the dark as ever. Many more might pass hi fore the police were successful, yvhilst every hour, every minute, yvas precious, for any one of them might yvitness the utterance of those fatal words which would bind Ethel to a scoundrel for ever ! Heavens ! How this awful thought burned into my soul, and set my heart aflame yvith gusts of wild passion mingled with an intolerable anguish ! Ac tion, swift, rapid action, was the only means of stifling the mad schemes of fearful vengeance which crowded into my brain at the prospect of defeat at Dubosque's hands ; inactivity, if persisted in, even an hour or tyvo longer, would turn, my mind into the playground of fiends ! As I moved with feverish steps to the door, I heard the General's voide inquiring for me, and the response of the servant directing him to the salon. For a wonder, the usually slow, military precision of my friend was exchanged fo>. a rapid, eager walk, and I mentally noted the fact a& a prelude to good news. In another instant General Ponthier was beside ine. "I have hurried back," lie exclaimed, "ta bring you the address of your friends." "Tell it me quickly," I answered excitedly. "There is no time to lose." "Villa Brandon, St. Bracques." Without vouchsafing an answer I rushed from the loom, preserving just enough sense to take my hat« tnd hurried into the street. To ie continued.) 