THE SPIRITS AT WORK. AN EVEHIHQ'S ENTERTAINMENT That curiosity, folly indulged, is liable to provo expensive i a lesson (says44 Answers") that lis just been thoroughly loarnod by a certain modioli! gentleman. Id tho matter of spiritual manifestations he hus always beon a stlff-neokod and nnru- generate doubter. As a child hn scoffed a ghost stories, and whon ho grew up tho spootre world became a mark for bis morry quip and saronstio jost. Dcapito this ho numbers among lus frionds many of those who beliovo In the cxUienco of hades, and thoy novornegloot an opportunity to hurl arguments at his hood wbioh may tend to bring him ovor to the ranks of the elloot. Finally, about two wock ago, tho doctor rospondod to tho extent of promising to do a little investing onhia own account. Ho had never gono to a materialising soanco, and was anxious to see what one was liko, so he put a quiet littlo advortisemont in a dally papor, stating that an unbeliovcr would liko to engage a roputablo modtum for test manifestations. At 8 o'clock on the evening in question a Httlo party of eight personal frionds eat with clasped hands In tho doctor's drawing room, end etarod anxiously in tbo direction of tho biaok cloth oabinot, which was faintlyout- liaod In tbo gloom, a A pale young man, accompanied by an obese fotnole, had answer od tho doubter, and guaranteed to produce a vory fine line of do- parted spirits for a flro-pound note. Forovorthroo-quartersof an hour visitors from the other world kept dropping into the doctor's drawing-roum, sailing round his rathornervoua guests, and departiug. Then there was a long and dreary wait, which was ondod by the upturning of tho gas. Tho palo youog man and tho oboso female had vanisliod as oompletoly as thu spectres tbey had been supplying. Their cabinet remained, and with it a small bag filled with white orope. In the noxt ten minutes two parses, a watch, and four soar! pins wero discovered to be missiog. The evening's entertainment cost tho doctor somothing - in tho neighborhood of LlOO,' and his disbelief in spirits is now something rapid. Tho polleo were not notified. 