. ; CLUB-ROOM. GOSSIP. It would seem that one of the most neces- sary Royal .Commissions ever appointed in New South Wales was that on our defence force. The report of the commission should make somebody-or a good many some- bodies for that matter-blush ; and make them sit up while they are doing it. The present Premier is a man with a strong will, and now that he has taken this affair in hand he is not likely to let it go until a reform has been established which will be of direct and immediate benefit, and at the same time a " shocking example " as it were for others, which will live long into the future. » ». No honest New South Welshman would care1 to voluntarily take upon himself the belittling of the defence forces, but from the évidence given before the Defence Commission it would appear that there is a good deal to call for comment. Our officers for the most part are hot appa- rently in a position to boast of superior military training. They are not the equal of the British officers from Sandhurst, Woolwich, and other military nurseries, ' but they make up for it by being more than their equal in pay and allowances good old "allowances!" They seem, generally speaking, to have a very fat innings, doing nothing and taking their time over it. Their most . important- duty is drawing their screws. The funniest part of the evidence taken before the commission ie, in a grim sort of way, that which haB reference to the num- ber of soldiers who are not soldiers. For instance, there is the band of 24, who never do anything but orash out up to date waltzes and marches. Someone says, pos- sibly, ** Oh, well, they must have a band. Every English régiment has a band, don't bher- knovr !" That is just it. There is too much aping of the imperial forces in some things which are not to the advantage of this country, and an easy indifference of British military methods in others. The position of this country in re- lation to its standing army is not that of Great Britain, and the people might very well demand that our band should be trained in the art of war as well as in that of music. Moreover, officers of British regiments contribute. to the support of their bands; do our officers ape. them in that? * * ' v" : * Hore than a fourth of our standing army -bf 550 or so-seem to be withdrawn from military duties in order to perform others which would not have much effect in repelling an attacking enemy. Sixteen men are required as servants to officers," and are detached solely for that duty, while the six officers who constitute the mess require five non-commissioned officers and men to attend to their wants, in addi- tion to their servants and a squad of cooks, and not mentioning the band, who ho doubt contribute sweet music dur- ing mess. Taking everything into considération, the best- thing in these dull times, failing a high appointment in the Treasury, would seem to be a commis- sion in the N. S.W. standing army. The Volunteers who lost the last Easter En- campment and their pay therefor because it was " necessary to economise," muBt take great interest in the facts in reference to the Permanent Force brought out before the commission. .'' * * ../.... * It is just as well that the Canadian gentleman named Cream, who sought to make a livelihood by poisoning young girls and then charging other people with the crime in order to blackmail them, should find that the in- dustry was calculated to be unprofitable in the long run. It is always pleasing ta bear of new and lucrative businesses being opened up, but really the judge and jury were perfectly justified in drawing the line at Mr. Cream's occupation-the best sort of line, top, an eight foot, one, with Cream on the end of it. With a hame like Cream's there is scope for a lot of jokes just here, but it is a sub- ject which can hardly be dealt lightly with \---besides ; one " cb oke " will, probably, be enough for;him, It is interesting to learn in connection with Sir William Macgregor's return from New Guinea that - he has stated in connection with the. affairs of that at present little utilised possession, that " in New Guinea, as all the world over, the principal cause of trouble lies in the women. " And in New Guinea, as every- one knows, there are no Women's Suffrage Leagues to stir up discontent, and the dusky " donahs" of that clime have not yet reached the " climbing up into the sunshine of the soul " stage. Yet-" as the whole world over,'' BO Sir William puts it-they cause all the trouble. Generally, we are told, it commences in a woman refusing to marry the man in her own tribe whom her people have kindly " placed " for her, and eloping with a gentleman from another tribe who has probably more shark's teeth in his neckface or more dignity in his lower lip than the other chap. A war between the tribes results, and there is a glut in the local meat market for a time. * # In this connection a happy thought has been suggested. The New South Wales Women's Suffrage League feel that they have a special call to spread enlightenment -let them emigrate to New Guinea, and take up the work in earnest there before the swarming hordes of savages get civil- ised in the ordinary groove. The people of this country would be very sorry to lose them, of course ; but recognising that they were but obeying the call of duty we would endeavor to keep down our tears and put on smiling faces in order to give them a really cheerful send off. * The latest interesting divorce item comes from Melbourne. It is gravely announced from the southern city that a certain divorce suit has been declared " off "-like a strike, or something. of that kind--and that the plaintiff " acknowledges his mistake and apologises, admitting that the relations between Mrs. Spann and her solicitor were purely those between attorney and olient ! " It is certainly very kind of the petitioner in a divorce suit to " withdraw and apologise," but to ordinary people it would hardly seem that this would be sufficient for the persons whose characters were attacked. You cannot throw mud without some sticking, and no apology is calculated to en- tirely obliterate the stain. However, couples who go to the divorce courts probably know their own business best, and if the parties concerned are satisfied, in the words of the comic opera, that He is right and ehe is right, and I am right, And all are right as right can be, why no one else has any ground for dis- approval. The case remains of interest, though, on account of its unusual charac- ter. * * The use of the revolver in affaires d'amour is becoming so prevalent in New South Wales that probably someone will shortly be asking for a Royal Commission to in- quire into it. We have had several cases this year, but none so serious as that at Rosedale, where an infatuated blacksmith sought to murder the pretty young Italian, Miss Marcantelli, by putting two bullets in her, and then terminated his own career with a third leaden pellet. And all because the young lady desired to have nothing to dc with bimi This sort of thing reads more like , Mexico or Texas than New South Wales, and if the custom is allowed to grow there is no telling where its develop- ment will stop. * * Probably it will come to young men popping tb e question with a loaded re- volver pointed at the adored one, and if il reaches that stage it will assuredly gc one better and result in all attractive girls carrying a derringer when expecting a proposal from' an unwelcome suitor. Il would seem as though we were hieing ba ct to the old aboriginal custom, when an j young gentleman who wanted a wife simply laid in wait for the lady of hit choice, knocked her on the head with a club, carried her off, and lived happily with her ever afterwards. .* . . This promiscuous use of the revolve] which has become so noticeable cf late if probably owing to the pernicious literature " for boys " which one meets with on every 7 hand. Firearms or weapons of some kind figure on the remarkable yellow and red frontispiece of each one of these, and the contents are no doubt thoroughly consistent with the pictures. These cheap," books," in conjunction with the POLICE GAZETTES, have much to answer for in poisoning the minds of our youth. . * It is satisfactory to hear that at least one of the large prizes of the great " con- sultations " which are always brought off at this season of the year has fallen into the hands of a person to whom it will no doubt be a real benefit. This is a poor cabman, who from all re- ports was in the reverse of com- fortable circumstances. Nine thousand pounds is the amount of his windfall, and already it seems he has been surrounded with advisers who would like in some measure to direct the expenditure of it. But cabby, according to a Sunday paper, in whom he bas confided, will have none of their ad vi oe, and he points out that the re- presentatives of churches and charities who now appeal to him for a contribu- tion displayed no interest in his existence prior to his streak of luck. The best thing that cabby can do with his money, if he will permit another suggestion to be added to the load of advice, is to put a thousand of it in a house and land, and hand the other eight thousand to Mr. Colonial Trea- surer See, who will place it in his 4 per cent, f unded stocks, and return ar income to the investor of £320 per annum, which he could presumably live upon nicely. * * * Tuesday's sitting of the Assembly was apparently for "men only." There was not even the shadow of a bonnet or the ghost of the rustle of a skirt within the sacred precincts of Parliament, and the members regulated their language accord- ingly. The Vices Suppression Bill was under discussion, and the lawyers cited all sorts of spicy cases for the edification of other members, while those more noted for sentiment than practical ideas raved and ranted in a manner which, no doubt, did them good, even if it failed to further social reform much. m m * Such a subject as that embodied in the Bill is one in which everyone is more or less interested, but there is no matter in which more danger .would be involved by hasty or hysterical legislation. There is a good deal of truth in the contention of those who aver that it is impossible to suppress vice of the kind under notice, and the best course to adopt is to regulate it ; but, on the other hand, there is a possibility of creating further laxity if all are satisfied to merely sweep aside the difficulty in the airy manner indicated. . The discussion in the House will, no doubt, bear good fruit, and it is just as well, perhaps, that the Bill has been referred to a select committee for report. It will give time and opportunity for proper consideration, and the Bill, when finally agreed to by the House, may be a beneficial measure on common-sense lines, and not one constructed in accord with maudlin sentimentality, which would be. a menace, rather than a safeguard, to the community at large. * * # There is a saying that the biggest fools get the prettiest girls, and it would also appear that the biggest fools have the most luck in other ways. How often do we have occasion to observe a young man coming into a fortune and squandering it as rapidly as possible in the most insanely reckless way. Instances are occurring every week of such ill-placed favors of fortune, and those who know that they could do better with the money, simply sit down and curse at "inconsistencies." It is a convenient circumstance that when you stand in need of a broad avenue for cursing,, some inconsistency or other is al- ways available. It may be in the social, political, domestic, or working sphere ; but there is one bf some hind always hovering round. The person who suggested this note is a Parramatta young manr^whq,, .in an evil\ day,, came into a small fortune of a few . thousands, and immediately set to work to spend it as fast as he could; He musthave been foolish enough to imagine that this few thousands would stand any strain of expenditure, for after spending two or three hundred, on a . banquet, taking a trip to England with a chum, and, no doubt, having a good time at the various pleasure haunts, he returned to New South Wales and took a party of pals (the chances are that the compositor will print this *« party of gals," which will be wrong) up country on a sort of perpetual picnic which lasted a month or so, and then collapsed of its own weight. Then the young man came to the end of his tether, and the last heard of him was that he was before the Parramatta Police Court this week charged with stealing a brooch. He was fined £10, which his friends paid for him. And now -now he is worse off than he was before he fell into his fortune. Moral : Never fall into fortunes if-but never mind the " if." * * . * The Trades and Labour Council claim to be progressive, and perhaps they are. But there is one thing in which they might with advantage progress, and that is in. acquirement of better language. They closed their meetings against the Press because they did not wish to see their lurid language in print, but now and again a few words are heard which indicate that their speech does not lack emphasis of the kind which has always been peculiar to them. The latest is is reference to the Broken Hill strike. A rumor got abroad that they had counselled the strikers to go back to work, and now one of them has howled out that it is " as false as the lying skunk who circulated it." * . They could not say, of course, that the rumor was untrue, or unsupported by fact, or baseless, or anything of that kind. No, they must say that it was " as false as the lying skunk who circulated it." These labor tribunes have yet to learn that mode- ration in language, as well as moderation in. demands, is absolutely necessary if they are to secure the advancement of the cause which they affect so much to desire, but which, as a matter of fact, they do so little to secure. They are not likely to popularise that cause with thinking people by the use of Billingsgate. * * . ? - * The cablegram has flashed out this week that an extraordinary scare has occurred in a church at Illinois, America, of course, owing to a madman entering the church and taking possession of the pulpit. It appears that he was armed, and retained possession of the pulpit for three hours before he could be dislodged and secured, There is nothing extraordinary in that, after all. According to some people, we can " beat Illinois bad," for it is said that there have been several lunatics in Aus- tralian pulpits, not merely for three hours, but for years, and, although unarmed, the people have not dislodged them. They still hold the fort there. Among other " biggest things in the world " whioh it appears that visitors are to be shown when they visit the World's Fair is a strike of pointsmen. According to latest advices, all the pointsmen on the American railways " have decided to como out on strike during the holding of the World's Fair at Chicago." Should this little event come off, and no doubt it will, visitors will very possibly be afforded the opportunity not only of seeing one of the biggest strikes on record, but some of the biggest railway smashes also. Taking everything into consideration-the chances of being fleeced, of being train-wrecked, or scalped for blacklegs-perhaps we had better abandon that trip to Chicago. ? - . .,? --' The organ, in the great hall of the University has been used asa refuge for spiders during the past depressed winter. Why, this should be no one can tell. The recitals at .the .University on Saturday afternoons were once quite a feature of the musical week, but alas, all that is ended, and now no melody is allowed to cheer the heart of the marble, man , who commands the entrance to tye big.hall; 