! Miscellaneous News. . 1 ; According to tho enf York Herald ;.tho..Princo.of„Wnlo8 has a tio which to strangers is'Bomowhat disconcorting. "About onco in ovory minuto and a half tho lid of tho right drops com pletely ovor tho ball. Tho oyo ramahiH closed for tlio spaco of about a second, nud tbon suddonly opens again to its fullost oxtont, no othor fcaturo of tho faco having movod meanwhile. Pooplo who eoo tho Princo for tho first timo nro tomptcd to boliaro that lio is do- liboratoly winking at thom. It somo- timos has tho offcct of causing tho porsons who aro oithor talking to him or listening to his convorsatiou tostart off blinking iu rosponso, especially whon thoy hnppou to bo pooplo of norvoustompornmoat;uud tho spootaalo of tlio two gravoly winking nt ono auoflior ovory minuto or two is not without its humorous fonturos. On tho roof of tho horticultural building, around tho control domo nt tho Chicago Exhibition, an elaborate display of roof gardoning will bo mado. It is oxpootod that this will not only bo plcnsurnblo to visitors, but will afford valunblo suggestions that will bo utilisod by porsons who livo in largo oitios, and aro doprivod of gar- dons and lawns. In tlio contro of tlio horticultural building will bo a miuia- turo mountain, 70 foot high, upon which will grow troo forns and palms, and othor vegotation, finding tlioro a congoninl homo. A stream will dauh from ono doclivity to auothor. Bo- uontli tho rook mountaiu will bo a cavo, 80 foot in diamotor and 80 foot iu height, brilliantly illuminated by olcc- tricity, whoro, during tho wholo six mouths of tho exposition, tho oxpori- mont will bo trioa whothor plants will grow; undor olqctrio light as woll as undor sunlight. Tub latest lioroino (says tho Wometi Journal, of Boston) is Sistor Mavgarot Francos, of St. Victor's Cou- vout, noar Montreal, Tho convont contained n largo numbor of donf muto childron as pupils, but had no firo oscnpo, although tlio childron woro lodged on tho sixth floor. At tho hour iu tho morning whon Bloop is tho soundost Sistor Margaret, in ohargo of tho sixth floor dormitory, nwoko to iiud tho room on firo and tho childron flocking around hor. Tho stairway was ou firo and tho would-bo roscuors who camo from . tho neighbourhood had no laddors, A worso outlook for oscnpo could scarcely bo imagined ; yot this ono woman saved tho childron and horsolf, too. Sho gnthorod thom in a cornor of tho building furthest from tho flnmos, and, making a ropo of tho bod clothing, loworod hor chargos ono by ono to tho ground. Sho kopt nt hor work for half an hour, until tho last child wns snfoly landod; tlion sltppod down tho ropo horsolf, with hor linndB aud arms blistorod by tlio boat and tlio hair singod from hor hoad ; and sho fniutod whon sho reachod tho ground. In tho Vico- Admiralty Court of Fiji (writes tho Suva correspondent of tho Agn), tho schoonor Emma Fisher; soizod by H.M.S, Royalist for broaoh of tho Pacifio Islandors Protec tion Acts 1872 and 1879, in carrying labourors in contrnvontion thoroof, 1ms boou condomnod nud ordorod to bo sold on 24th instant. Tho offonco was fully provod, tho only dofonco sot u) boing that of nogligonco. A propor liconso had proviously boon issuod for tho vessel, which oxpircd somo timo sinco, and a ronowal wns talcon out and forwardod somo fow days boforo ship was soizod. Costs iu tlio action nro to bo takon out of tho procoodsof snlo, but a claim for wages duo to sea- mon on board was disnllowod, tho Chief Justico stating that tho question could not bo considorod. Tho mnu, boing no pnrfcios in tho notion, must tako such procoodings olsowhoro as woro opon to thom for rocovory of tho sums duo to thom. Answering a quostion iu tho As- sombly last night (says tho &. At, Ili- rald of Tuesday last), tho Colonial Troasuror said tho quostiou of rates for tho carriago of Agricultural pro- duco was ouo wliioh hnd rccoivod (inmost attention nt tho lianda of tho Railway Commissioners, and siuco thoy had boon iu oflico thoy hnd con siderably reduced tho samo, tho cliargos in Now South AValos boing lowor than in any of tho othor colonics, ns tho following — taking tho rates for 300 milos as an indication — shows Six-ton lots (up journoy), Now South SValos, 14s. 6d. por ton (January to Soptouibor, 17s. 2d. por ton (Octobor toDocombor), with a further reduc tion of 6 por cont on 24-ton lots ; Vic toria, 19s. por ton; South Australia, 21s. por ton ; Queensland 28s. 4d. por ton. For long dtstancos tho rates in Now 8outh "Wales woro only a half penny por ton por milo. It would bo objootionablo to imposo discrotionary arrangoaionts, as it would givo an un due auvantngo to farmors in distriutu whoro tlioro woro waggons roturning ompty ovor porsons in othor districts, who, through tho absonco of ompty roturn waggons, who havo to pay highor rates. Any reductions made would havo to bo mado applicable goaorally to tho wholo uf tho railways, liTospoctivo of tho movemont of waggons. ThoRftilwnyCoinmissionorH liavo alrondy reduced tho freight on grain to tho oxtont of 25 por cont, and consistent with making tho railways pay, kopod to bo able to further rcdueo theso and othor rates. Is a priest bound to givo ovidonco in court on tho strength of informa tion dorivod undor tho cloak of tho confossional ? This is a quostion (writos tho Paris correspondent of tho London Daily Telegraph) which wns nusworod lately in tho nflirmntivo by tho judicial authorities of a Norman town, but to which tho Court of Cas sation has just givon ou appoal an emphatically negative roply. Tho curG of a village in tho Dopartmont of tho Calvados, during tho trial of a jealous husband who had wounded soriously a mnu whom ho boliovod to bo on too friondly terms witli his spouso, was questioned with a viow to ascertain whothor tho woman had really fur- nished tho prisoner with a reasonable protoxt for tho assault. Tho abbo rofuBcd point-blank to throw auy light ou tho matter, nnd whon urged to do so ho declared that ho could not betray socrofs which ho had lonrnod in his ecolosiastical capacity. Ho was con domnod thon and thoro to tho pnymont of a fino of £4, and nppoalod ualu- rail) against this verdict. In rovoring tho judgmont tho Court of Cassation, quoting from ono of tho clauses of tlio penal codo, oxprosscd tho opinion that ministers of all religious denomina tions rocognisod by tho State woro in dutybowulto maintain strict silcuco on tho subject of all tho rovolations whioli might bo mado to thom in tho oxorcino of thoir profession, The iShcnpoa, a vonmcular nows- paperpuhlisliod in North Chiiia, givoa currency to tlio following sunko story : —A Singapore Chinaman, with an assistant, kopt a grocery store in ouo of tho straits Sottlomonts. Lately, aftor a heavy night's rain, tho Ckina- mnu, finding tho morning air to bo damp aud cold, attempted to pull tho hod covering ovor him, but folt it to bo unusually woighty. Tugging nt it with much forco it uid not yield, aud on taking a look at it to liis groat horror ho porcoivod a groat snnko coiled ou it nt tho foot of tho quilt, Tho roptilo did not stir, nnd in a loud whispor tho assistant was summoned, and togothor thoy made a running uooso with a pioca of pliant rattan nnu safoly slippou it avound tho snalco's nock. Thou attaching two stout ropes to tlio two ouds of tho nooso tlio two bogau to haul away, tightening tho nooso at ovory pull. Tho struggle, though uuoqual, was a sovoro ono. Orockory utensils, packages of tons, giugor prosorvos, barrels of flour, ami all othor artiolos within roach of tlio snalco's tail wns smnshod or sont Hying about tlio room ; but tho sunko gavo up tlio ghost. Tho moiifltor inonsurod 12ft. in longth, aud ovor 2ft. in ciroumforonco. Tho Cliiuaman, as far as his store is concornod, is utterly bnnkrupt, nud tho last wo havo hoard of him wns his intention to go iuto tho snako-cutching busiuoss, Tub following account of a caso of snnko bito wns tologrnphcd to tho Atje ou Sunday last from Y nckuudaudafi : — Ou "Wednesday tho daughter of Mr. James Trobilcoolc, at Tawougn, 14 years of ago, while walking through ono of hor fnthor's paddocks, was bitten on tho right log by a largo brown snoko, tho sizo of which muy bo surmisod from tho two puncturos boing fully a quarter of an inch apart. Mr. Trobilcock boing closo nt liniid with a liorso nnd cart tlio girl was takon lioiho. Aftor a tight ligature had boou tiod abovo tho bito, Mr. Trobilcock injeotod ono-twolfth of a grain of strychnine, nnd as tlio symp toms inoronsod lio iuicctod nnotlior vory shortly afterwards. Tho child thon commonccd to vomit freely, but had lost tho uso of hor logs nnu could not soo. Thoso alarming symptoms determined tho parents to start nt onco with thoir daughter for Yatkan- dnudah, a distanco of thiriy-fivo milos. Mr. Trobilcock took tho precaution of talcing tho antidote with him, and it was fortunate that ho did so, forduring tho journoy tho girl collapsed twice, aud had to bo rousod each tituo by an injection. Sho had ralliod comploto!y wliou tho party ronchod Ynckandnu- dab, and Mr. Trobilcoolc hnd tho satis faction of looming from Dr. Muolior that ho hud dono as woll ns any medi cal man could havo dono uuuor tlio circumstances, nud that his daughter was out of danger, and only required wntchiug through tho night. On Thursday morning tho child was com pletely restored, and only showed tlio two puncturos ou tho log. Tlioro was no oxcision of tho bitten part. "While building a kiln to dry fruit r fow days ago (says tho Cincinnati Inquirer), two hoys munod Withor- spoon and I'riost, living noar Mount l'lonsant, Vinton County, 0., had a vory unplcasnnt oxporiouco. Thoy woro gottiug out stono for thoir kiln wliou two largo black snakes camo out of tho rook and attnokod thom. Tho boys beat a hnsty retreat, and woro pursuod by tho snnkos, which movod with groat rapidity. Witliorspoon succoouod in making his oscnpo by scnling a rail fonco, but his companion Priest, was ovortnkon nt tlio fonco, and boforo ho could climb it ono of tho snnkos hnd wrapped itsolf round his anklo and bound it soouroly to tho bottom rail. Tho othor snnko sprang at his nook and bound it to tho top rail, its poworful coil pressing with such tension against tho boy's wind- pipo and jugular that his tonguo nud oyos protruded, and his faco turnod purplo. Ho remainod in this horriblo prouienmont wliilo Witliorspoon ran nway for assistance. Mrs. Goorgo was summoned, and, hastening to tlio spot with an axo, sho proceeded at ouco to lay out tho Norponts, cutting tho snako from Priest's noclc and Hovering its body in twain ; sho uoxt struck at tlio bottom snako, cutting it in two, but also sovorod a couplo of tlio boy's toos. Tho snakes inonsurod 7ft. Oin, and 8ft. Gin. 