Only an Accident. Mr. Colton was the chief of a large house in the city. Long experience and native confidence had given him a quiet, imperious air, and wheu he spoke it was to command. This was his office manner. Outside of the business he was as genial as could be expected for a bachelor of 50, and those who knew him best knew what a ten der heart he had carried through years of cold busi ness formalities. When at 50, he married a girl of 20 ; the world called him a fool behind his back, and congratulated him to his face. Among those who gave him a warm grasp of the hand, with a sneering heart, was Milturn, his junior partner — a handsome polished man of the world. Mrs. uoiton came to ner nusoana irom a wona where money bespoke the hands of its maidens, and where love was tacitly consigned to the novelist. ? Beautiful and impulsive, she erred more from educa tion than from malice. Thrust at 20 iuto an unnatural and uncongenial match, she was placed in a position at which her heart rebelled, and from which impulse and not reason suggested escape. . Every evening tiie most stylish of carriages brought the beautiful Mrs. Colton to the counting-house door, and the weary man of the business world took his seat beside the finished dame of the social world and drove to their home — to one, the Mecca of his long pilgrimage ; to the other, the price of her beauty. Love was active in one, latent in the other. The constant friend and visitor of the family was Milturn. When the lady would go to the theatre or the ball, and Mr. Colton was tired, who so fit a com panion as hiB trusted commercial partner — the accom plished and easy -mannered Milturn ? Mr. Colton, all goodness and blindness, was blessed with implicit faith, and liked to eee his young wife admired. Even when scandal began to multiply reports, and know ing people exchanged glances, he saw and heard nothing. One evening late, the carriage came as usual. At the same time came a telegram. ' Mabel,' said Mr. Colton, ' I am called out of the city on business. Mr. Milturn, will you see my wife safely home ? It is getting rather late for her to be out alone.' ' Certainly, sir,' replied Milturn. coming forward. The carriage rolled off with them, and Colton began putting his papers in order. ' Did you see that ?' he overheard one of the clerks say. ' I have heard that love was blind, but the old man must be blind and' deaf too. They are the talk of tiie town.' Colton sank back as if a bullet had struck him. Never before had a suspicion crossed his mind. He fought it manfully, but jealousy cannot be conquered by reason, especially when it has been loosed for the first time. Fully five minutes he sat without moving ; then quietly rose, locked his desk, and picking up his grip, started out. Reaching the corner he hailed a cab. ' To the depot, sir?' said the driver. ' No,' he said, shortly, 'home.' Two hours later a white- faced man boarded a later train to W ? . Next morning, at the usual hour, Mr. Colton walked into the office, to all appearance the same methodical man as ever. He quietly went through his mail, allied his stenographer and began dictating. He finished several letters, began another, giving the address, aud then called for Mr. Miltum. ' Milturn, how about that consignment of goods to Man and Co. ? I am writing to them.' ' They have been shipped, sir,' replied Milturn. Mr. Colton began dictating again, aud the junior partner turned to leave the room. 'Oh, Milturn! I forgot something,' said Mr. Colton. The junior partner turned, and. as he faced his chief, became pale as a ghost. He came slowly back with a forced expression on his face. '? I hear a good many rumours of burglars, and as the office is frequently open until late, I just stepped in at West's and bought, this revolver in case of an emergency. I will lay it in this draw where it will be handy.' At sight of the revolver Milturn started slightly, but stepped up to the table. As Mr. Colton threw open the drawer and advanced his hand to lay the weapon iu, a. sharp report raug out, and the pistol fell to to the floor. ' Confouud the thing, it was cocked,' cried out Colton. ' Why, Milturn, are you struck ?' Without a word, the man shuddered, aud fell dead to the floor, shot through the heart. In an instant all was hurry and confusion. Doctors came rushing, and policemen took possession of the office until the coroner came. Finally everything was over with, and the coroner's jury found that Milturn had come to his death by an accident at the hands of his employer. It was a clear case, and no one shook his head in doubt when the verdict came. The stenographer's testimony sealed that. Through it all Mr. Colton was the coolest, but quietest of men. Not until the verdict was told him did he leave. Then he called his carriage and went home. As he came in the front door his wife started up at the strange, cold look on his face. 'What is the matter?' she said. 'What has happened?' 'An accident,' he replied coolly; 'my revolver went off, and the ball passed through Milturu's heart. He is dead.' She stood looking at him for an instant, and fell heavily to the floor. Mr. Colton touched a bell. The lady's maid entered. ' Your mistress has fainted, Florence. See to her,' he said calmly. — Max Halifax. ? 