More Ghost Stories. A Strange Dream. . Warned in Vain. " Supernatural" warnings are some times on trivial subjects ; sometimes, while serious and oven tragic, they seem powerless to avert the danger against which they wnrn. Mr. Stead quotes a storv from the accumulations of tho S.P.R., which " is full of the tragic fas cination which attaches to the struggle of a brave man, repeatedly warned of his coming death, struggling in vain to avert the event which was to prove. fatal, and ultimately perishing within the sight of those to whom ho had l-ovealed tho vision." The story in brief is as fol lows : — . "Mr. Eleet was third mate on the sailing ship Persian Empire, which left Adelaide for London in 18(38. One of the crew, Cloary by name, dreamed be fore starting that, on Christmas morning, as tho Persian Empire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy gale, ho was ordered with the rest of his watch to Becuro a boat hanging in tho davits over the sido. He and anothor got into the boat whon a fearful sea broke over tho ship, wash ing them both ou of the boat into tho sea, where thoy were both drowned. Tho dream mode such an impression upon him that ho was most reluctant to join the ship, but lie. overcame his. scruples and sailed. On Christmas Eve, when they were" noariug Cape Horn, Cleary had a ropetition of his , dream, exact in all its particulars, , Ho uttered a terrible cry, and kopt mutteripg, ' I know, it will" come truo.' On Christmas Day, exactly ns lie had foreseen, Cloary and tlio rest of tho watch were ordered to secure a boat hanging in the davits. Clearly flatly refused. He said lie re- fused because lie knew -"he would, do drowned, that all the circumstances of his dream had coirio true up to that moment, and if lie went into that boat lie would, die. He was taken liolow to tho enptain, and his rofuBal to discharge duty was entored in tho log. . Then tho chief officer, Douglas, took the .ppn to sign his name, Cloary suddenly' looked at him, and oxclaimod, ' I will go to my duty, for now I know tho othor man in iriy dream.' Ho told Douglas, n8 they went on deck, of his droam. Thoy got into tho boat, and wliou thoy were all limiting tight a heavy soa struck tho vessel with such force that tho crow would havo been washod overboard had not thoy clung to tho mast. Tho boat waB turned . ovor, and Douglas and Oloiiry were thrown into the sen. Thoy swam for a little timo and then wont down. It was juBt three months after he had dreamed, of it before leaving Adelaide." . 