riREOiltfSTaTOtt'ES." J GRtlESQME AlND GROTESQUE- vm, Stead?a second regiment of fipooks !uMore GhoBt Stories," JieviewofBevteus) U on the wRole oven better thanhis first. Jt h finite as miscellaneous, and better We- have dreams and dreamers, and-seApnd-Bight, spintualiBt vagaries auu gooihonest hosts, haunted hom?es in lion- don and out of it in variety suffioient for a house-agent's, catalogue, clairvoyants to whom Sam Weller's donble magnifymg gas microscope for the penetration of deal doors and brick walls would be quite a 8tJP®Fi 7; imd as for ' doubles aQd thought bodies"— why, one lady had such an officious and energaUo seoond self that she was under the constant necessity of proving alibis. Readers may not be surprised to find ihat One of the most interesting stories is more or less autobiographical. 1KB CLAIBVOYANT ANB MR. STEAD'S SHTLMNG-. Mr. Stead is telling about some experi ments with a " clairvoyant, lady " " Now," Baid I, " take another test. Tell me if yon see anything with: this. Then ! took from my nurse the shilling which I most prize of all the pieces of money in my possession. I said nothing to her about it beyond saying that I bad carried it in my pocket for several rears, and that there was a story connected with It which I wished her to tell. She held the shilling m her hand for some time, and then said: "This carries me back to a time of in fusion and much anxiety, with a feeling that everything depended upon a successful re sult. This shilling brings to me a vision ef a very 1 low woman, . ignorant and drunken, with whom you had much better have, nothing to do. She has passed vrcr. There is a great deal of fever about; I feel great pains, as if I had rheumatic f eve r in my ankles and my. joints, but especiilly in my ankles and my throat. I suffer horribly in my throat, it is an awful pain ; and now I feel a coarse dirty hand pass over my brow as dis tinctly as if y«u had laid your hand there. It must be her hand. I feel the loss of a child. This woman is brought mo by another. She is about thirty- two years, about five feet high, with dark-brown hair, grey eyes, small, nicely- formed nose, large moutb." 41 Can you tell me mump ? " I asked. " Not certainly, but I think it seems most like Anne. Is that right ? I 51 1 do not know," I replied. And then I told her the story of that shilling. J Six years ago, when I was standing for I ny trial at tho Old. Bailey, a poor outcast I girl who was dying of disease in a hospital asked that the only shilling which she pos sessed in the world might be given to the fund that was being raised for our defence. It was handed to me when I came out of gaol with, written on its paper cover, »< Dying girl in hospital gives her last shil ling." I have carried it about with me ever since, never allowing it to pass out of my possession for a single day. Beyond that I know nothing. The symptoms which Mrs. OaVies described were very like those which such poor creatures Buffer in their closing hour, and it is too probable that the donor was a low drunken woman ; nevertheless, I think I envied Mrs. Davies the touch of her hand "Upon her brow, for, low and drunken as she was, I wonld prize that touch more than permission to kiss the hand of a queen. a gruesome ghost. And now for a good old-fashioned spectre sf a most unpleasant kind. We plunge into the story : — When I had walked about a hundred yards away from my friends I saw on the hank of n>BM.mtl (which runs parallel with the road for «nr or seven miles) what I thought at the moment was an old beggar. The . spot was a lonely one. The nearest house was a good quarter of a 'mile away. The night was as sileht as death. Not a single sound broke upon the. silence from any quarter. I couldn't help asking myself where this old man had come from to such a place. I had not seen him in going down the road. I then turned round quite unconcernedly to have another look at him, and had no sooner done so than I saw within half a yard of me one of the most remarkable and startling sights I hope it will ever be my lot to see. Almost on a level with mv own face I saw that of an old man, over every feature of which the putty - coloured skin was drawn tightly, except the forehead, which was lined with deep wrinkles. The iipB were extremely thin, and appeared perfectly bloo Hess. The toothless mouth stood half open. The cheeks were hollow aud sunken j like those of a corpse, and the eyes, which ! seemed far back in the middle of the head, j were unnaturally luminous and piercing. This terrible object was wrapped in two bands of old yellow calico, one of which was drawn under the chin and over the cheeks and tied at the top of the head ; the other was drawn round the top of the wnnkled forehead, and tied at the back of the head. So deep and indelible an impression, it made. On my mind that were I an lirtiBt. I could paint that face to-day, and re- fuoduce the original (excepting, perhaps," the uminou8 eyes), as accurately as if it were photo graphed. " What I have thus tried to describe in many words I saw at a glance. Acting on the impulse of the moment, I turned my face again towards She village," and ran away from the horrible vision with all my might for about 60 yards. I. then stopped, and turned round to see how tar I had distanoed it, and, to my unspeakable horror, there it was still face to face with me as if I had not moved an inch. I grasped my umbrella, and raised it to strike him, and you can imagine my feelings when I could see nothing between the face and the ground, except an irregular column of intense darkness, through which my umbrella went as a stick goes through water. . . I am sorry to confess that I again took to ray heels with increasing speed; ... Having gone a few yarda down a branch road, . I deter- itnined to speak with my strange pursuer, what ever he was, and I boldly turned round to face > timfotjthe third time, intending to ask him. VEhathe wanted, etc. : _He had not followed me after I left the main , foad, .hat IcOuld see the horribly fascinating faoe quite as plam ss when it was close by. It ' atoOdrfor twopT three minutes looking intently at me frora the centre of the main road. I then 1 realised fully it wae not a human being in flesh pnd Mood ; and with every vestige of fear gone, X quickly walked towards it to put my questions. But I was disappointed, for no sooner . I made towards it thanit moved quickly in the direction of the village. I saw v ft moving along, keeping the same distance from the ground, until it reached the church- yard wall ; it then crossed the wall, and diB- appeared near where the yew tree stood inside. Themomentltdtsappeared Ibecameunconscious. When I Came to tny»elf, two hours later, I was |yfwg tn the middle, of the road, cold and ill. ISbe etftogestpart of my story yet remains to IprtalA My hoBt. after questiomBg me closely in regard to the features of the the pMce I had jBrstUeesi it, ahd'ihCBp.otwhere it dis appeared, told me that 15 years before that; time anolrecluse, answering in every detail to> - my description (calicoes bands, and all), liveaj in a. house, whose ruins still stand close by; where I first saw it, that he waB buried in the exact spot in the churchyard where I saw the face disappearing, aud that he was a very; strange character altogether. spirit poejts : A specimen of homer's ... style. After this creepy narration, it is a relief to turn to that favoured class of mediums who enjoy communication with the august dead. One of these, who evidently is a sincere be liever in his own Btory, wrote to Mr. Stead enclosing samples. We cull from these a verse of a poem chelated by no _ less a hard than Homer in inspired description of inci dents in the early life of Shakspeare : — He and his mate one night did hie To where a neighbour's pig did lie ; One gashed its throat with pigment rod, And one with white foam'd mouth and head. Next day, the boys and girls did shout To see the monst r walk abont. "A sick'ning sight ! why ain't it dead t The pig's half killed ?" old people said. This outpouring seems to have been too much even for Mr. Stead, who is not unduly critical of his ghosts and things when he gets i them. But the medium, a man of years and standing, assured him that the internal evidence in itself sufficed to prove the verses I authentic. J PHENOMENON OR NUISANCE? j The result of Mr. Stead's investigation of 1 the uncanny has evidently been to impress on I him its attendant dangers to the unwary in- I vestigator. Old-fashioned people have J always said that " the de'il's in'fc ;'' and spiritualists and theosophists have said the same thing in more esoteric language. Mr. Stead remarks J The hypnotist is, although the /most cqn- I spicuous, by no means tRe only representative I of the ancient sorcery against which both Chnrch and State joined hands more than once I in many a land. The professional medium who has fallen into drunken, immoral, or fraudu- I lent courses is a centre of such moral contagion j as, under certain circumstances, might justify I the community in treating him as a cow that is taken with the rinderpest. Seances with such people may easily become moral pasthouses, from which innocent sisters may go away in fected with wicked suggestions and every evil passion. If . as has been suggested, there is a species of self-hypnotisation possible to all sitters at a circle, which renders them the ready prey to every suggestion from others, it is obvious that at a saaace people may be inocu lated with a passion to drink or a habit of swearing, or even worse vices. It is certain that, whether it is explained by suggestion when under self-hypnotisation, or whether it is actually due to possession or ob sessions by more or less demoniacal intel ligences, few spiritualists would deny that both men and women have become the prey to de moralising influences and hallucinations after attending seances. In automatic writing, which is one of the simplest forms of spiritualistic manifestation, it is on record that young girls of unimpeachable character have been made the agent for producing writing and drawing pictures the very nature of which they were fortunately unable to understand. Mr. Stead thinks that some restriction will soon be necessary, and sums up the situation thus : — We have to study the spook as a phenomenon, but if necessary we must be prepared to abate him as a nuisance. SAVED BY "SPIRIT FRIENDS." As a last illustration of the trouble that people may get into by imprudently opening up communications with the other world take a story told by a devout and experienced table-rapper who was on the most familiar I terms with certain " spirit controls" of the benevolent order : — We knew nothing of the character of the place, hut on taking possession our spirit guides I told us never to hold a seance in the old portion of the house. They gave no reason for the caution, but we obeyed it. One day, however, two of our little children proposed to hold a make- believe seance in a large room in the old part of the house. . . . That night, when | we were asleep, we heard a fearful noise, as if several men were tramping through the hall. . . . On inquiring the cause our spirit guides told us that we had neglected their warning, and that the brief seance held for the benefit of the children had given the evil spirits which lingered about the scene of their former misdeeds power to materialise so far as to make the disturbances from which we were suffer ing. . . Some centuries ago, the ancient part of the house had been a sort of hostelry or inn, kept by a man and his grown-up son. They were desperate villains, and every now and then would murder some unhappy visitor who had put up for the night at the house. After stabbing their victim, they would bury the body in a deep pit in the garden, where now the outhouses stand. | He said these spirits were most malignant, but, j beyond annoying, could do us no harm, pro vided we did not give them the chance. I had written my narrative up to this point when I took up my pen after supper to conclude it. My wife sat nursing baby at the table, from which the knives and forks; etc. , had not been removed. I had dipped my pen into the iuk, when my wife cried out, " I feel as if L had been stabbed in the arm; such a pain." " Rheumatics," said I. She made no answer. Hooked at her, and to my. horror I saw her face horribly distorted. It gradually assumed l a most devilish expression. I had heard of transfigurations, but never seen one before. Instead of my dear wife's merry, laughing face, there sat an oldish man, with low, beetling brows, stony eyes, that evaded mine with a fur- tiveness-that aalMasotsated naif-frightened me. Irose from my chair and stood by my child. The arm around the baba gradually relaxed its hold, whilst the other hand gently crept on to the table towards a knife, which I at once seized. Almost directly my wife gave a heavy sigh, and to my great relief 1 found her controlled by one of our spirit friends. After this I thought it was best for us to re main no longer in the place, and we shortly after quitted it. There, we also must quit " More Ghost Stories" — with the remark that Mr. Stead is the modern Macbeth — he "murders sleep." 