" HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" ' i Ifow, which is the worse-lo have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ' ' There are lots of people on the one side or the othen>of this question. When " good digestion waits on appetite and health on | both," that is the ideal attitude of a person to wards his meal. But most of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it.' Dif- ferent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of tin starvation lines hungry man is a healthy man ; it here's a man who ought V> cat and doesn't feel like caping, stands in need of to alterations and repairs." 1 To ' illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, I was afraid to eat." - did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did (lia nature rebel against the nourishment lived on If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery, himself.' in i He says, " In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter To signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My Youth wanted bad, so that ordinary articles of died seemed. to lose, their flat out ; the polite, to put down that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round', it. My, breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains, through the chest and' shoulders, which, were always right before I had eaten anything, Then I was greatly troubled with, wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in, my throat, and act as if it would choke nip-" ' ' J A -, is We cannot wonder that under these; circumstances our friend failed to do, justice to his meals TTC adds that there was what he calls a pricking sensation " at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp, instrument Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him, 'I I dreaded," he says the thought of eating and marry a scanty meal Attire made, for X time afraid to eat' After a time I got into a low, weak nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep What he means by the fear of "something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and Ungoverned imagination " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work for I had a wife and family depending on me So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description I am sure no one has suffered so much as I have done. to the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. '-as 'V'" ' ''<' " -^ c?, Well, the writer of nally, mentions that after all medical treatment had left him, where it found him he ohaoofd to read in a book of case eXaictUjUU his open having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. "My wife," he says, "got me a bottle at Mr. L»ng»UfT«, in Wooden 3rd. and after using its contents, the ailment lift me. and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years (A I F (Signed) " GIOKCIE HUNT, , " Car Bottom road, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this t>y Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world, at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. , _ 