M Y S T E R Y L L F T H E A B B E Y . CHAPTER CIX —(CONTINOED ) The heart of Henry bounded with gmti- • tude, love, terror, and admiration at the devoted constancy of his betrothed. ; " Save her he exclaimed, " and I will bless you 1 Not for myself, but for her saks [ ask it I Remember it is the shild yo* nurtured at your breast*—'who lored yoa with such confiding affection till yom— He paused, not wishing to complete ths sentence, fearing it should offend her. " Betrayed her I " said the ayah, flxtaf her eyes steadily upon his agitated featares. He was silent. "Had I seen," she coBtinaed, "oat girlish weakness—detected one irrMolate movement of her heart;—I had persevered f Ou one condition I will save her—bestow on you the choicest treasure earth oan yield —the being whose love yoa haYe.won, who would brave death for you t " Name it—oh, name it!'' exclaimed the excited youth. " If gold," added Dr. Onne, 'Viear not to state your price t I am rieb, and, to recure the happiness of my adopted son, will cheerfully satisfy youravarioe I" His speech was eat short by the scornful glpoce of the Indian woman. " Gold I" Bhe repeated; "how the ions of Europe judge the rest of mankind, by their own sordid nature. Could you count down to me all the treasures of India—all my unhappy country has been plundered of by your accursed race—it would not tempt me. Zara is not to be bribed or bonght, save through her feeliDgs 1" Both the rector and Henry were struck by the simple dignity of the .speaker's manner, as she pronounced the above wurds. It was impossible to doabt them, fov the accent in which they escaped her was that of truth. " Promise me," p^e continued) " thai you will not raise your hand—seek directly or indireetly—to injure Meeran Hafae, and I will prevent this marriage J refuse rae this, and I remain a passive spectator of all the misery that may follow !" This was a sore trial to the lover of Ellen, who looked upon avenging ths death of he* beDefactor and the outrage to hla nkce as a sacred duty—a lepa;y bequeathed to bim by the dead. He could nqt promise, if that promise involved the immunity of Sir William's assassin. With a pa?e countenance and quivering lip,- he refused the pledge which Zata required. • " I cannot give it," he said j " and I will not deceive yoa! I will hunt the villain through the world!" " Farewell I" said the ayah cold'y ; at the same moment advancing towards the jio6i of the library. It was now the Khan's (urn to interfere. " Stay 1" he whispered to our hero; " your refasal has been rash and inconsiderate. Have you no firmer reliance oa the justice of Heaven? Think you its powers are so limited that it ean find no other arm save youra to execute its parposes ? Leave him to that which sooner or later must overtake him !" Henry hesitated. " Remember," added Mr. Orme, speaking in the same under-tone, " that human justice is already on his track 1" " Well, then," said the young man, after a momentary straggle wi f .h his feelings, " unless in self-defence, or to protect thoea who&n; lives are far dearer to me thai my own, I solemnly promise never to raise vy hand against my rival J" " And you will keep your pledge f demanded Z»a. " As I hope to call Ellen tttee!" " Tie well," she continued. " Bleu.. || at the abbey. In two hours she n fa b* forced into a marriage whieh h« nnd abhors; it is to take place in the library . her uncle and the false, painted aepalahry • the heartless thing he nails his both be present I I will place yo' a you may witness everything whir^ p^g^ j and at the moment when all ^t and Zata appear to have dey ^fl her, step in and save your bride 1" - " T . he SW 1 "" tbe lever, bitterly; " it is indeed fitting plaee lbr such a cnme-it is fitf;, ng that the seen. the first sacrifice sho a]d j, tTQ been ithotrk for the second I Qome, come," h» added, turning to the w»ctor and the Khan ; " xkf heart isconeutrJing with its own impatience —the blood tnonnts to my brain, like fire from the >o!eano'« troubled bosom 1 Let as to the abbey I" " It Is not yet time," observed Zan. "We must have assistance,* t^dtd ^ teeter; " wait the return of Joe and his friends." " It was this I feared," said the renegade, placing his hand npon the arm of our hero " I was aware of the place where her worthlets uncle had sequestered his innocent ward, bat would not disclose it till the fitting moment I Be cool," he added; " Buffer your impetuous spirit to be guided by those whose judgment passion cannot lead astray I" : " Cool 1" repeated the yonth, dashing bis haBd aside! " Cool! when the deadly serpent has already twined a poisonous fold abound the innocent dove — when ruffian violence threatens the maid I love— my boyhood's earliest dream—my manhood's' erown and hope! Cool!" he repeated bitterly; " I mu&t; change my nature first!" Witheut waiting a reply, be rushed from the apartment, and the next instant was seen dashing like a madman over the lawn and through the shruberry of the rectory garden. " He will ruin all," said the Khan, " by this impetuosity t It is his destiny—who cat avoid his fate V The affection of Farmer Ashton and Dr. Orme took a more active form. The latter ordered bis carriage to be got ready on the instant, and both prepared to fuliow. "Take me with you '"said the ayah. "Why!" " To watch that the mad bay fulfils his promise—woe to him if he breaks it!" " I, too, will accompany you," added the Khan ; " I have a debt to pay both to the living and the dead ; the moment, perhaps, has8rrived." A few minutes later, the carriage, with the rector, Farmer Ashton, and the speaker, was rolling over the common at a rapid pace, in the direction towards Carrow Abbey. CHAPTER CX. Lead forth the victim, tremb'ing, pale— Her teats are but the bride's sweet sorrow; Fling over her the silver veil— . Her eyeawitl sparse bright to- morrow. —BBIDB OF THB RHINE. No sooner was Bed Ralph ensconced among the lofty branches of the sycamore tree at the end of the avenue, than he began to reflect on the best means of preventing the Rev. Mr. Twinetext'e arrival at the abbGy. Although not over-gifted with intelligence, in the legitimate signification of the word, be was far from being deficient in that which is its general substitute—cunning—a quality which he resolved on the present occasion to exert to the uttermost, in order to prove his gratitude to Joe Beans, whom he looked upon with the same species of savage affection and reverence with which an Indian might regard the first civilised son of Europe that had crossed his path. Several times during his cogitations he regretted that the scene of his difficulty was no loBger at Cromwell House—it would have been easy there. Joe had forbidden him to execute his first intention, of breaking the reverend gentlemaq's neck or leg; he felt monstrously inclined to disobey him. " I mun do summat," he muttered, as he swung himself backwards and forwards, with a gentle movement, upon the branch— most probably to assist the laborious process of thinking—*' more nor .watch—that can't- do I or Joe any go u d ! I bean't such & feol as folks do think 11" Several times ho scratched the rugged red taafcs of hair upon his poll—it would not do. In bis embarrassment and desire to distinguish himself, he might have exclaimed, with the poit: My invention eomes from my pate As bird-lime dees from furze : it plueks Oat brains atfd all. More than once he came to the conclusion ' that his first idea was the bfest one. "Iwuabreak his 'neck or his leg," he mattered," wrter all! There be nought else for it 1" JortuBately for the reverend object of his cogitations, Ralph, having all but settled the point in his own mind, east his eyes around to take a survey of the place, and noted at the end of the avenhe there was ^ broad, deep ditch—in fact, it might almostbe termed a moat—which separated the' garden ground found the house from the park. It had originally been dug to trevent the deer or cattle from destroying {h» shrubs and. flowers. A luminous idea immediately seised him, and his little, deep-set, ferret-like eyes sparkled with joy feed aiicchiei ' The ditch, which was only partially .filled with water,; could only be crossed, except at a considerable distance lower down, ;by a ruatU bridge, intended yto Jeot-passengers—the carriage wftve fcfihg it the opposite side of the tttk. " It'll do!" he said; " it'll do!" Carefully descending from his elevated perch, he glided down the trunk of the tree, and seated himself, just as he saw the Rev. Mr. Twinetext approaching up the avenue, evidently fatigued with the weight of his carpet-bag. The urchin began to. whistle a sure sign that he meditated mischief. " Halloa, parson !" he exclaimed, as the gentleman reached that .spot where he was seated ; " thee beeBt a plaguy time in getting' round 1 - 1 be here afore 'ee !" ' • "' "And what do you want with me ?" inquired the pedestrian. "I! nought. That is nought partihlerl" answered the lad; " only I thought as ties wor kind to I, and gi'd I five shillin', thee might speak a good word for I to some of the farmers!" " Are you out of work ?" "Ees!" This, we are sorry to say, was not exactly true; but Red Ralph was troubled with few scruples of. conscience, as far as regards, uttering an untruth, when he had any purpose to gain. " And how came you to leave Mort- Jake?" inquired the gentleman, who perfectly recollected him, not only from his uncouth appe arance, out as one of the most troublsome and mischievous Jade about the place. " That bean't fair, parson 1" replied the boy, with a grin. " I didn't ax thee ! It worn't a barn-bailiff, tho'! " The querist colored elightly, and asked Ralph no more questions. The answers were embairassing. " Here!" he said, giving him the bag, the weight of which had tired him ; " bring this after me to the house, and I will give you a shilling." " Bsest thee a-going there ?'' " Yes." " But they do say it be haunted !" observed the cunning urchin, with wellaffected hesitation. "Stuff!—nonsense!" " Thee won't ax I to go in ?" " Go io 1" repeated the gentleman; " certainly not 1" "Then I'll take it!" exclaimed Ralph ; " thee doesn't mind the ghosts more nor I do Master Remnant's cows—it be thee trade, loike. I allays heard folks say parsons are a match for ghosts I" " Pooh ! pooh !" ejaculated the former curate of Mortlake. " And the old 'un, too!" continued the lad; " that is, when they wor good parsons, I suppose." Not wishing to prolong a conversation in which he received so mat>y not unintended hits—although they were uttered with great apparent simplicity—the" Reverend Mr, Twinetext inquired if the little rustic bridge to which he pointed was mt the nearest approach to the house; and, on being answered in the affirmative, resumed his walk, leaving Ralph to follow with the bag. Just as he reached the centre of the plank—for the bridge consisted only of one, aud a single handiail—the lad, with a vigorous effort, hurled him in. So completely was the unprincipled man taken by surprise, that be could offer no resistance, but continued f >r several minutes to flounder in the stream until he had passed under the bridge. Ralph '8 delight at this achievement exceeded, if possible, that which he had felt a*, the capture of the warrener. A parson was so much higher game. " Rascal! villain! I'll—pooh ! I'll break every bone In your skin !" roared the gen- tleman a^; intervals between his splashings and floundeiings—for the water was unpleasantly deep, and the bank so much elevated that, without assistance, it wais impossible ho could extricate himself. "When you catch I'" answered the urchin. " Help me out, I ray !" " Noa, noa!" replied Ralph ; " I had too much trouble to get thee in !" " I'll—Til give you a guinea !" "ffoa!" " Two, you rascal 1—that is, my good boy, I mean!" " Noa Thee bees't a-lying, I am sure —sartin!" "Why so?" "Because thee didst call I a good boy! Now I bean't a good boy—and thee know'st it!" added Red Rslph ; " nor I don't think I bi3 quite a bad un ! Summut like thee, parson, in't water—a cross 'twixt a goose end a raven!" This W»B the nearest attempt at a witticism which the speaker had ever been known to uttar, and either the ides or the novelty so amused him, that he threw back his head and grinned fend shouted with mirth-— very much to the annoyance of the Reverend Mr. Twinetext, who, by alternate menaces and offers of money, tried to induce hie tormentor to assist him out of the ditch. "I can't do that," replied the urchin; " thof I could find in my heart to help 'ee, for the fun thee hast male for I; but I'll tell 'ee what I'll do for 'ee !" " What ?"' impationtly demanded his victim. " Sit on the rail here, till constable comes to take 'ee to prison, and see that thee does not quite drown theeself." At the allusion to a constable and a prison, the reverend gentleman secretly felt more alarm than he thought proper to express, and he once more renewed his offers to Ralph—but with no better success. The boy gravely seated himself upon the slender rail, and continued to watch the tate of the pa^eon, and for the arrival of Joe. A danger which neither the tormentor nor the object of his persecution had foreseen at last presented itself, in the shape of a solitary swan—one of the pair wbich Ellen had been accustomed to feed. The keepers, since the abandonment of the abbey after the death of Sir William, bad grown negligent, and some poacher had shot its mate. As the bird came sailing mystically dO«vn the stream, it erictedits feathers, and emitted that peculiar half-hiss and halfcrocking cry which indicates anger. "Ralph—Ralph!" rbouted the clergyman, " do you not see ?" " Ee?, it won't hurt 'ee!" " Hflp me out!" continued the parson seriously alarmed—for the bird, with no very amicable intentions, was approaching most uncomfortably near to his person. " You wiil be hanged, you young villain, for this!" "Not if swan kills 'ee, parson !" roared the boy; "that bean't my fault—I didn't set un on. Bat I won't bear no malice to 'ee," he added, as the hostile intentions of the bird became more and more apparent; " here be a stick to help 'ee." So 6aying, he threw to the discomfited clergyman a strong switch of blackthorn which he carried in his hind, and then settled himself, as the narrowness of the rail would permit, to watch the issue of the contest; which, as he afterwards described it, " wor a sight more curious nor cathunting." The Rev. Mr. Twinetext - contrived to steady himself by grasping the branches of an overhanging willow with his left band ; whilst with his right, which was armed with the stick Rod Ra'ph had thrown him, he prepared to ward off the attacks of his antagonist, who, with stately evolutions, sailed in arcB of circles round him— gradually approaching nearer than was agreeable to hi6 person. The neck of the bird was thrown gracefully back, as if ready to strike him, and its pluwage erected till its body appeared considerably larger than its usual size. "Mind his wing, parson!" roared his toraentor; " they do hit plaguy hard, I've heerd folks say." Even Ralph began to feel uneasy at the fury of the contest which ensued. The swan, now thoroughly enraged, rushed, rather than swam, towards the man, whose presence in its own peculiar domain had so greatly irritated it, and directed a succession of blows with its powerful wing at the intruder's head, who parried them with a dexterity which might have been more naturally expected in a prize-fighter than one of his sacred calling. " Bravo—bravo!" shouted the urchin* at the same time clapping his handB With delight. These exclamations were renewed at intervals as the bird, whose couriage and fury increased at the blows it received upon its pinions and body, renewed the ] attack. Sometimes it would sail sullenly away to a short distance, with its plumage depressed—then it would suddenly wheel round, erect its leathers and arch its wings, and rush with fresh ardour to the contest. "Egad, parson," observed Ralph, highly amused at the result of one of these attacks • "but be hit thee then!" Twinetext began to feel seriously alarmed —for the strength and rage of bis antagonist appeared to increase ratber than diminish with the contest. He had already received several severe blows from" the pinions of the bird, and he roared out lus'ily for 8ssi8tance. " It ba no use, I tell 'ee!" " Help—help 1" shouted the parson. " No one will hew 'ee !'' Rilph was mistaken. The crieB of the clergyman and his own wild ehoatg of laughter were heard in the house. A aide door was opened, and two of the servant? of Meerau Hafaz appeared—they were both of them well armed. It would be difficult to say whether or not the ^confederate of Joe Beans bad ever heard the well-known line, that the better part of valor is discretion. Most probably not. But he certainly illustrated it in the present instance; for no sooner did he perceive the men, with their guns, advancing towards him, than h* slid from the rail, and crept, with the agility of a stoat, or wild cat, into a thick clump of underwood—from which retreat he had the mortification of seeing his old enemy, the parson, dragged from his perilous situation in the ditch. To be sure, he appeared more dead thin alive; so that Ralph waa not altogether deprived of consolation. One of the servants returned with the R-IV. Mr. Twinetext to the abbey*. The other, directed, doubtless, by some information which he had received, begin to cross the rustis bridge, carrying his gun upon his shoulder. He stopped to pick up the carpet bag, wbich had beeu dropped there in the struggle. The boy waited to see whether the man intended to proceed any further than the bridge, before he decided how to act. " I am off!" be muttered, as the domestic crossed it. "Guns, and such like bludgeons, bean't no good! Ah, look 1" be added, as he noticed tint the man began to peer into every clump of shrubs and underwood that he passed ; " thee must have sharp eyes to find I!" With as little noise aB possible, Ra'ph pushed his way through the brambles and cover; nor paused till he had placed a considerable distance between himself and his pursuer. During the day, both Colonel Mowbiay and bis precious wife had been considerably puzzled to understand the calm, quiet demeanor of Ellen. The pcor girl descended neither to complaints nor entreaties. Both, she knew, would have been unavailing. Oace or twice,-when her glance encountered that of her unprincipled relative, his eyes sank beneath her^gaze. His wife, on the contrary, impudently braved it. Like most little minds, she felt a degraded pleasure in tyrannising over any one who had either mortified her vanity, or otherwise offended her. She would have been delighted to have seen Ellen kneeling at her feet, and imploring her pity or protection; but this petty triumph was denied her. The orphan^ felt that she must rely upon' herself, since all human aid appeared to hive deserted her. One consolation—and it was no" trivial one—she possessed in the midst of her sorrow. Meeran Hafae had scrupulously kept his promise, and had not intruded upon her presence. She knew, that she mnst meet him in the library at the hour appointed; but the had fortified her soul with prayer, and was prepared for the interview. " I scarcely know what to make of the girl!" observed Lady Mowbray to her huebaud, as they left, the chamber of their persecuted niece. " She is not sullen or resigned!" "True!" observed the colonel, with a sarcastic smile. " She is like most women who have been defeated 1" " She does nut consider herself defeated, I am certain!" answered her ladyship. " There is something which I cannot comprehend—which " " You had better not puzzle yourself to find oixt," £aid her husband, interrupting her; " since, in a few hours, it will explain itself! Would the night were over 1" he added. "I am tired of the presence'of this Meeran!" "And- I tool But:of course you will keep faith with him ?" " Of course 1" replied the colonel. "How else am I to obtain the "fortune, of, my niece«? Once married, and on their voyage to India—wbich l should recptnmend the bridegroom to ,arrange*-as soon as possib!«, for many reasons-—-" ' • - " And I, also j" chimed in her ladyship, significantly. * . ^ . S " My mind will be at rest," adfidd gentleman, concluding his previous " And mine, too 1 -When does tjhe Rey, Mr. Twinetext arrive J ' w " I expect him hourly !" "Of COUTSO," said the lady, "he can be depended on f" " Of course I" answered her husband. " I seldom fail in the choice of my infetru" mi.ajis 1" : • .:•.-.;.• J To Ellen the departure of her unworthy relatives had been a relief; it enabled her to fortify her mind wfth ptftyeiv She did not require to strengthen her resolve—love 1 gave her nerve for that. Firmly as she had decided upon sacrificing in her life rather than be forced to give her hand to the man whom she felt to be in conception, if not in act, the murderer of lier uncle, it was not without a struggle . that she had taken the dreadful resolution. "Heaven will pardon me!" she repeatedly murmured to herself; "it is the only choice between penury and dishonor!" During the day she had written two long letters; one containing a touching farewell tb Henry; and the second explaining the reasons of her voluntary death. ' " It will vindicate my memory to the World!" she said, placing the last epistle • tinder her pillow, " and perhaps avenge it." The one to her lover, liaving been passionately kissed and bedewed with her tears, she concealed in her boBom. She felt thit it would one day reach him—his eyes dwell npon every word her trembling hand had traced. It seemed to unite, by eome invisible chain, the living with the dead J for such, despite the promise of the ayah to preserve her, she already considered herself. There was something fearful in the desolation of one so young and innocent—rich Jn the world's gifts of birth and fortune, as well as nature's more costly one ot beauty •—which in her case had proved, indeed, a fatal dower—fatal not only to herself bat to her friends; since it had caused the ittadnesB of Meeran Hafaz—the murder of her uncle—the sufferings of poor old Martin (did Henry* Yet she was scarcely conscious that Bhe possessed it. " It is hard to die 1" she murmured— die* without one being whom I love to ftlose niy ayes, or bid the partibg spirit peaoe-niie alone and unlamentedi Not unlamented 1" she added J " one noble hearty at lbast> will mourn my destiny 1— one true arpi avenge it I" The time-piece in the chamber of the prisoner struck the hoar of seven. She shuddered, as the sound reminded her that in two hoars more the crisis of her fate would be decided-. Throwing 'herself npon her knees, Bhe fixed her eyes upon the portrait of Sir William, which, at her nrgent entreaty, Colonel Mowbray had directed to be 'temoved from the picture-gallery to her *p£rtfe&nh; "Spirit of the deadP* she exclaimed; " watch over and protect me 1" (7V) be continued.) 