CONTINUED. Mrs. Warren belonged to that element in Pennsylvania which in these days has come to be considered antiquated grandeur, if not positively decayed. It once controlled everything that pretended to be, or relate to, society at all, but in this progressive age of Anglomania and shoddy- ism, it is half forgotten. Still, no parvenu can dare ig- nore it altogether. If Mrs. Warren had only known, her niece represented a power which the Worthingtons and Van Ettinghausens were anxious to conciliate, while they had never heard of Mrs. Warren herself at all. They would have recognized her maiden name Sharpless, how ever, because it was the same as that of her niece, and there is but one Sharpless pedigree. Mrs. Warren owned a small farm in the neighbourhood of Philadelphia ; a property inherited from her Quaker grandfather. The old-time mansion still stood, un- spoiled by any so-called "modern improvements," with its long, low, picturesque, gray-stone walls, its broad verandah, its sloping roof and quaint dormer windows Catalpa, wild cherry, ash and maple-trees overshadowed the house, while the extensive grounds rioted in lilac bushes, snow-balls, privets and crown roses. On the evening of Dolly's party this old fashioned shrubbery and the drooping branches of the ancient trees were illuminated with Chinese lanterns. Within, the great parlors were decorated with trailing vines and plumy ferns brought from the woods. Who, then, would notice that the gorgeous-flowered Brussels carpet looked a little shabby, or fail to see the real elegance of the massive rosewood and mahogany ? Did not the dingy family portraits display aristocratic noses ? And if any guest, arriving a little early, should chance to stray into the immense, low-ceiled dining-room, might not he see that the tiny silver spoons each had a real crest ? In short, the whole house looked what it was—a museum of artistic antiquities, with just enough of moden touch to give it life and character. But the House is rapidly filling, with town and country guests, old and young, wise and otherwise, well-dressed and ill. When Mrs. Warren appears, those who know her are amazed at the change. Her black-silk gown has been made a robe of elegance, by its graceful drapery improvised from a lace-shawl. Her long neck is wound round with a voluminous mass of white tulle, caught with a diamond star. Her gray hair is banged and puffed, and surmounted by a square of real point, trimmed with with loops of pale-pink ribbon. For Dolly had said : "Yes, auntie, you can wear lace. And pink looks pretty with gray hair. And gray hair is lovely when it's properly dressed." And Dolly herself ? Well, her dress was a poem in creamy crape and pink roses. She herself was a poem in her slender figure, her chestnut hair and her perfec[t] complexion—just what any observant person might have expected of the girl of twelve. "Well, I never !" exclaimed one of the old-time busy- bodies, adjusting her glasses. "I thought she'd wear pants like a man !" "How did she acquire that magnificent carriage?'' queried a benevolent-looking old gentleman, addressing no one in particular. He was a little startled to hear an answer from a tall young man at his elbow : "By using her common sense when she was a child — that is, by racing the fields and climbing trees." And [t]hen a sort of a shadow crossed the young man's rugged face as he murmured to himself : "I feel my own home- liness more than ever." But he wasn't half so homely as he thought he was, even if his eyes were pale-gray and his hair and moustache of a more decided tint than auburn. He looked honest and sturdy, and no one could deny that he was erect and well-formed. "Tom !" The young man heard the soft whisper, and made his way to Dolly's side. "Auntie wants to see you," she said. "I don't know what for. She told me to call you and send you out to her in the sitting-room." Supposing he was wanted for nothing more important than tying up a vine, Tom found his way to Mrs. Warren. He was a little surprised at the mysterious manner in which she shut the door and motioned him to a seat. "Tom," she began, a little nervously, "I ought to tell you that I feel guilty of gross neglect. I have left Dolly too much to her own devices during the last few years. Heaven knows what she has escaped ! I feel it my duty to help her now if I can." "But I don't understand," blurted out Tom, "I don't see that she needs anybody's help." "She does !" declared her aunt. "She needs—yours!" And the old lady blushed to the roots of her hair, feeling that she had made a terrible plunge. "Mine !" cried Tom, as blind as a bat ; "how ?" "Why—why—you see, Tom, it rather hurts a girl if people think she has no admirers. Now, if you—if you —would show her some little attention, the people here to-night might think—" But Tom had risen to his feet. "Mrs. Warren," he began, impressively, "your niece does not need any such help from me. She has hosts of admirers, but has never been known to give encourage- ment to one. As for me, Heaven knows, I would gladly show her all the attention in the world, but it would be of no use. I couldn't stand the ghost of a chance." And he stalked out upon the long verandah to confront —Dolly, the pink in her cheeks turned to a crimson rivaling the peony. "Tom," she said, quietly, "I heard. I didn't mean to, but I couldn't help it. I came right after you, because I had no idea of what auntie wanted you for. How could she say what she did ? Why, I dont care for ad- miration !" "I know you don't" assented Tom, "and I never could undertand why. I always heard that every woman did. "You don't know why ?" murmured Dolly. "Come out here on the side-porch and I'll tell you." And under the tangle of dog-rose and glycine, Tom awaited her revelation : "Because I never believed it genuine." "Never believed it genuine !" cried the young man in amazement. "Why, how could you doubt it—a woman with your beauty and your gifts ?" "Because—because—" Dolly hesitated a little. "Auntie always impressed it on me from a child up that no gentleman would have me. So, when gentlemen said they admired me, I thought they didn't mean it." '"Do you mean to say that your aunt made you believe any such stuff as that ? Did you let a childish impress- ion influence your whole life ?" "I did—it was that childish impression that spurred me on to show what I could do. If a gentleman wouldn't have me, I could get along without them, and do just as well as they could !" "Oh, Dolly !" Tom's voice had a tinge of bitterness in it. "You'll never know how many hearts you've broken." "But I haven't broken yours," asserted Dolly, with a slight suggestion of confidence. "But I suppose you will !" exclaimed the young man, despairingly. "But why should I ?" asked Dolly, reassuringly. "Re- member I heard what you said. You said you would show me all the attention in the world, but you hadn't the ghost of a chance. Now, I never supposed before that you would show me any attention at all—I never believed such a thing possible." "Then you would have cared for a little admiration from me?" cried Tom, joyfully. "You could have be- lieved it genuine." "What will you think if I say that you had a 'ghost of of a chance?' " asked Dolly, answering Tom's ques- tions Hibemianwise. "But I never dared believe that I could be more than a humble friend, following you at a long distance," de- clared Tom, wonderingly. "I am afraid to believe any- thing else now ; it seems incredible. Surely, you would never give yourself to me !" "Tom," gasped Dolly, brokenly, "I—oh, I felt very much the same way toward you ! If—if no gentleman would have me, of course you wouldn't." "Poor child!" thought Tom to himself. "We all believed it was pride that carried her through the world. But it was excessive humility." * * * * "Well," snapped Mrs. Warren, a few days later, when Dolly saw fit to acquaint her with the new state of affairs, "you did get a gentleman to have you after all !" "Oh, no," Dolly laughed, but with a certain indication of strength and dignity ; "it wasn't who'd have me. It was—whom I'd have !" 