The Suicide. That man was once as handsome as you, With the frankost faco and tho happiest heart, And they spoke of what he woe saro to do, Of the bravo-souled way he'd play his part e ? in tno trials ana struggles ana striies 01 They said these things and thoy thoogbt them — theo. You eee him, now, with bis bloated faco And his unkempt beard and hie valploo With hie trembling fingers, twining, traco Thegamo, as tho ronlotte Sags or files; And tho gray, gaunt look, that at times gives To an awful, apathetic gloom. A sullen, cynical, ahamoloas sneer Has altorcd that sensitive mouth's prond curve ; Those roving eyes, onco bright and olear With a quick surmise or a sunny verve, Are dulled and bloodshot, or only glow With the greed and envy that gamblers know. His brain oneobnrned with a high intent, His soul was shaping out noble onds, And all tbo dreams of bis Ufe were blont With love, and hononr, and famo, and friends. And theso are tho heaviest stones that roll To seal the grave of that murdered eonL Tee: lookathimwellashoreoleaway With a mutterod enrso and a eavago glaro— The outer temple in dread decay, Tho inner altar profaned and bare; Haunted by phantoms with gibing face— Hopes cast away and nngarnered grace ; Bnt to-night, when he reaches Ids tqualid den, Some memory flashes across his brain ; He recalls himself a roan, among men j And his nerves are stung by intonseat pain ; 'And, "Loet— Oh, my God! All lost/' bo said > A«A they find him there, In tho morning— Do yon knowthat a woman did all tide, ,A woman ho loved with hie whole eoal'e i ® . Wjiofcave mm her red, curled month tokias, f Aha called him lover, until, at length, / She left him, as Samson was left of old, pfrw— of hla strength ? Well, his storystold. ' ' Only a woman ! Only, you aay ! Do you know the might of those little hands ? Do you know they, can torture and storvo and slay ? Gsaoear men's souls as with burning brands ? Can scatter the seeds of a pestilent blight, Dearer than Death and darker than Night ? Oh, I wondor whether, when men shall rise To givo an aocount at the End of Daye, 'His mother shall meet those siren oyos With unspeakably stern, yet monrnfnl gaso, -And a judgment ask, in atonement just For that ruin— wrought by capdoe and lost I Well, the world wage on, yot, methlnks, to night That the sllenoe speaks and the room is eroned By a ghost. Qoiok ! Strike that light 1 "For the air is echoing « " Loet, lost, lost! " Aad I feel, with a voloeless and utter oread, Toot myxoid hath talked with the pan lying "Dm my andlenee eeem mored by my agfttfite 1" " Tee," replied the manager ; " ft agfb -It waa nearly all moved from the inside hatht astride of tne theatre," 