LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Gorrespondenful London, August 26, 1892. Save Sir Xyon Playfair (now Lord Playfair of Saint Andrews), who must I suppose be called a man of science, the new peers ;are without exception the heads of ancient families and owners of great estates. The ancestors of lord Wil loughby -D'Eresby and Sir Hainald Knightley came over with the Conqueror, and there have been ieghs of Lyme in Cheshire even longer, than IJiat. IThe:: peerage of WiHoughbyD'Eresby is one of theancientbaroniescMatedbywritof aum mons, and is heritable i-y heirs male or female. The tread of tfee family has' nearly always -been a man t-f enormous : wealth and influence. , The present peer is the 22nd baron, and prior ix- -inheriting this title from his mother was created Lord Aveland. In 1630 the Lord Wmoughby l-'JEr«sby of the period iiecame Earl of Idndsey, and his son at the Restoration was created Marquis and : Duke of Ancaster. . These titles in time ilapsed, ieing heritableonly by the direct heir -mtde. 3Jord Waioughby has now determined to revive one of them, and instead of calling himself Earl Willoughby D'Eresby, as many expected, willi be ^Earl-of Ancaster. Sir Bamald Knightley has satin the House of Commons for & years as member for South Northampton- : sliire, and his fatiber, Sir Charles, was also M.P. for the same constituency a long time. ? 'Sir ? Saanaid 'nas ruled I bis lengthy life by the motto ; of noblesse oblige. In appearance - as in character he is every inch a noble man. 'Fifty years ago the 'women called him 'Bayard,' and he could nave made —had ne,cboBen— a splendid marriage. But ~it was' not till ^ir Rainald grew 'elderly he wedded the present Lady TEnigniiey, -who v is a _ great ' 'Primrose Leaguer. Personally the vefceran baronet did not want a peerage, but to please his wife he accepted 'the honor, and will in future be know as Lord Khisntley of Fawsley. 'The Leghs of lyme have times - and again refused peerages. Mr. Legh of liyme's property is worth about £50,000 a year, and the family are in ordinately proud. Woe betide the luckless ignoramus who addresses one of them as Miss Legh or Mr. Legh without adding the 'of Lyme.' It is a terrible blunder to make in Cheshire. The nead of the lieghs of Lyme will henceforth be Lord Newton. Detective Ward, to whose unwearying patience and perseverance the capture and conviction of that murderous monster Neill are mainly due, would make a capital hero for a Gaborian or Anna Katherine Green romance. He is quite a new band, and was not thought much of by the iorce till this «ase began to de velop. To begin with, you remember, the Staxnford-fitreet murders seemed an impenetrable mystery. The police had only the descriptions of the dying girls, Donworthand Shrivell, of a -vague man whom they had each seen -once. Ward compared these descriptions, and the evi dence of Police-Constable Gomstock and Lucy Rose, till he had photographed on bis brain a portrait of .the -sort of individual he wanted. Then he posted himself on Westminster Bridge (which -tite dead girls had habitually ' walked') daily. For five long days no one auspicious came along. On the sixth Ward saw. NeilL and instantly fastened on him. JTrom that moment Neill was . shadowed morning, noon, and night. Every girl he spoke to was promptly interrogated by the untiring Ward, and every place he visited was entered on the tablets of Ward's memory until sufficient had been found out to justify the man's arrest. It was a -great achievement, and has naturally earned for the young fellow the unstinted .praise of his superiors and the bitter envy -of his brother detectives. The latter do, not hesitate to dub Ward's finding Neill a ' bloomin' fluke.' We are threatened with a repetition on a larger scale of the Lawes and Belt scandal which so agitated the world of art nine years ago. In that case you may xememberMr. Lawes, a son. of Sir Jno. Lawes, accused Mr. Richard Belt, a well known sculptor of the period, with being a iraud, whose best work was really done by bis assistants, or 'ghosts' as they are technically called. Belt's answer was an action for libel, through which he pulled with considerable credit, executing a bust in court which satisfied Mr. Justice Hud dleston and a special jury, and resulted in Lawes being mnlcted in £6,000 -damages. Subsequently, however, Belt got into money difficulties and was sen tenced to a term oi .imprisonment. The art world to a inan.were against-bim in the libel trial, and it was ultimately generally conceded that though Lawes failed to prove his charges they were in the main true. Similar allegations of being unduly helped by his assistants are ^now being levelled by very influential .persons against a sculp tor who curiously ' enough is, as Belt was, self -made. The first public reference to the affair was contained in the Maga zine of Art for July. The paragraph re ferred to reflected, upon the ability and methods of a sculptor whose name was not given. In brief it was bluntly stated that the artist in question bad not himself executed the large work 'exhibited by him in the Academy, but had employed a 'ghost' to do it, he himself being in capable unaided of executing the work. It was further, hinted that no such bare-faced imposition upon the public had . been committed since the now historical Belt case caused such a sensation in the. art world. Although the charge and the parties con cerned were a mystery to the public generally, yet in art circles the effect pro duced has been very deep and widespread. Very few in' the art world had any doubt as to the person pointed at by the article. He is a man of great ability, is well known in the highest circles, but, it is also said, very much, the reverse of loved by a per son of great influence in the circles . - of art in London. Before now, so it is alleged, the same eminent person has stood in the way . of - the sculptor obtaining valuable commissions. The matter has now gone beyond the narrow circle of the studio, and has be come a grave scandal. In fact, a high personage hasinterested himself in i the matter, arid the sculptor has j^ven bis ac- ~ cuserthelie. He states aljsolutely that tile work which is alleged, to be chiefly the , production of another is actually his own, and thus it remains for the accuser to bus- : tain bis charge. ; The issue is briefly -stated asfoUpwip.i^The accuser Says that the scubptor.^benig without artistic train ing, is incapable of producing -the Academy work in question, and the sug gestion is that the production in question is really iJie work t-f a -' ghost.' or an as sistant who possesses the artistic educa tion .required by the .gentleman who claims to be ft&e; sculptor. The reply is that certainly the artist ;has employed an assistant, as do all sculptors engaged on heavy work, but that the sculptor in question was the actual designer, and that :ae owes nothing to liis assistant. ? Sotnereferencesto this case appeared in the Morning newspaper, 'and the next day the same paper published the follow ing from the -sculptor concerned : — *' I herewith challenge the president and councEof the Royal Academy or acy -other person to formulate Bome definite charge against toe, and to publicly .name me as the individual referred to in the Magazine of Art. . If they will openly state that lam the sculptor who is sus pected of sending -work to the Royal Academy which, has been done by 'ghosts/ and: for which I have taken the credit, I /undertake to at once proceed by legal action ^against my accuser or accusers.' .Saysthe sculptor concerned : — 'The first I; heard of my name being jnentidnedin art circles as the individual who employed 'ghosts' to do his work was some weeks ago, when I was in France. I waited for notiung, but returned home at once with the intention of finding my accuser, and demanding an -instant and public apology. I searched for a clue to the circulator of the Me, but without avaiL Although I was certain who the man was I could not at that time obtain sufficient evidence to. bring the report home to him. One of the best known men in London has taken my case up, and I think, we now have sufficient evidence to bring the story home to its originator. The man I believe to be my accuser holds one of the highest positions the world of art can bestow — mind you, I do not say it is the highest. I have called at his house', with the object, of having the matter out face to face with him, but, unfortunately for me, he was not at home. The. man I suspect is eaten up with conceit and. self-admiration. He has a great objection — in fact a strong dislike — to any .man rising from the ranks, and I have risen from them and am justly proud of it. Some f earsago he said to me— 'You have only sent us in small sculpture ; why not try something big?' I promised Mm I would, and the next year I exhibited a large piece -at the Academy, and 'the work was praised high and : low. My success seems to have annoyed him, how ever, and probably rny obtaining some commission which he expected to come to his studio did not increase his love ! for me. 'Now, as to the allegation that my assistants did the artistic work in connec tion with my work in the Academy. Permit me to say that I only had a limited . number of gentlemen to help me, and I do not at all fear their appearance in the witness-box. I absolutely deny that any one except myself was responsible for the idea, drawing, erecting the framework, and the general carrying out of the whole undertaking of my great work.' It is, I \- may state, common gossip that the accuser is no less a person than Sir Frederick Leighton, the sculptor concerned .Jtotng Mr. Adrian -Jones, ' whose remarkable group, 'Duncan's Horses,' forms the central figure in ? the sculpture-room at this season's Royal Academy. Several versions have been given of the famous epitaph written on 'Bobby Lowe ' (as the populace always called the late Lord Sherbrooke) when his un popularity as Chancellor of the Ex chequer and inventor of the loathed mateh tax wasat its height. Tie f ollow- ing— fttfcribnted JboLprdHbughton— -is the correcj?one--rr: ~- --? ; Here lie %ne bones of Bobert Lowe, A faithleasfriend and bitter foe ; Wbitber his nstiess soul has flea Ctatnot be thought of, muah less said. If to the nalms d peaoe and Ion* Oonoord no longer reigns above ; If it has found a lower level. All must compassionate the deviL It was at this time Mi. 'E. Latour Tomline's 'daring burlesque and political skit on Mr. W. S. Gilbert's fairy comedy 'The Wicked World '{then running at the. Haymarket) made such a hit at the Court -theatre. The piece was called .'The Happy iand,' and brimmed over with political allusions to the Govern ment,' the three mortals who came from below to visit Selene's blissful country being got up as precise replicas of Glad stone, Lowe, and Ayrton. The like nesses, with the aid of deftly contrived masks, were perfect, and the effect on the audience when the three statesmen gravely entered arm-in-arm and began to sing may be imagined. Each in turn . (I can just remember) recounted his blunders, the trio chorusing the refrain — Still, we are three most popular men, And we'd like to know who'd turn tts out. Finally they burst into a wild can-cart, in which the representative of Mr. Glad stone (G. W. Anson) specially distin guished himself. Edward Righton was ' Lowe. I can't recollect who . did Ayrton. This went on for three nights, when the Lord Chamberlain intervened and insisted on the masks (which rendered the identity of the characters unmistakable) being abandoned and the can-can mode rated. It was believed at the time that the Prince of Wales had something to do with this. He came the second night and enjoyed the parody amazingly till a trenchant allusion to the Royal Family caused his Royal Highness to quit the theatre iristanter in high dudgeon. The offensive lines were omitted at the next performance, but the Prince -of Wales never forgave ' Latour Tomune' for writing them, and to this day -Mr. W. S. Gilbert suffers for the indiscretion. The new jewel case has entered on fur ther developments, and promises to be almost as interesting in its way as the Great* Pearl Mystery. Both accuser and accused are wives of military men, : the husband- of one having served in India and the other in ? Egypt. Mrs. A.'s story .now runs thus':— She went on a visit to Mrs. B., who asked her for a heavy loan -of money. Mrs. A. refused it, and soon after -lost her diamond brooch. When the house had been well searched Mrs. A. suspected Mrs. B. of stealing it and said so. Major U. thereupon blustered and - threatened to bring an action ' for slander. A year or two later Mrs. A. recognised her star in a pawnbroker's window. Enquiries were .. duly made, when it turned out that the jewel -bad been pawned by-a woman (not certainly Mrs. B.) who gave Mrs. A.'s own name. Mrs. B.'s Btory is that it 'was Mrs. A. who tried to borrow money of her, and not she of Mrs. A. Mrs. B. aaid she had plenty of money at that time and can easily prove it. A 'few days later Mrs. A. protested she had lost a valuable diamond star and accused Mrs. B. of stealing it. Both Mrs. .and Major B. at once suggested the police Should be called in. Forsomereason, however, ^Mrs. A. would not have this. Intimately Mrs. B. told Mrs A. she believed she bad sold the jewel herself, and was only making the fuss in order to -be able to explain its loss to her husband. Mrs. A. turned very white and left the house. Mrs. B. defies Mrs. A. to con nect her with the pawning of the jewel, a transaction she believes to have been completed by Mrs. A. 's maid acting under Mrs. A.'s instructions. This maid curiously enough is not now in the latter's employ. Both sides profess to be searching for her. - Cross actions for slander have been commenced. A pretty imbroglio, isn't it 1 