PAST AND PRESENT. `: "(Bir .. ??A aA unattw)m:ea.,', t) HRaow log' is on thi. depretion' likely- to t last!" isa qitestion that soints , all inter- a social `conversat ' at t'he'preent time. o Anoswree are e varous' The peasiihist thinks that it is all up with us. and that, we willq neover seoea gool daiy aga i The optimist, onthe other hand, views our situation with, assumed :'camplaeeicy : "Hope springs P eternal , in his breoat.and he tslls y-a th?' Is ho " keeps believing." . He prophecies mere a over a speedy recnrrence to such prosperity ti as we enjoyed during the` halcyon days of e the latter eighties." Probability always g lies between extremes?; but if there is one as factor mnore stre than any other to operate in the working out of destiny, it is the n operation of thed lea of vicissitude. Un- 1 erringly, dark night follows the bright day; the ocean has its oit-going as well as its in coming tide; ;the seven years of famine followed not thle seven years of pilensy, more certainly than does great monetary, depres sion follow =seasons -of unprecedented and boisterous succe~s. Our tram shares had their apotheosis on the elsarbrokers shrine only three years ago,' when: a seventy-five d per cent dividend and bonus was declared. Today the shares have fallen from their lhigh etate, and each ,representbhot a few Sggbaily.si ilings.'aBut,.i'The taiiithat hathhbeen is that which shall be" wrote the' Kinig, who loved a girl quite as mich as he loved a proverb, ana he had the felicity of liriog in a boom period, for it is written in the Chronicles of his time that silver was' nothing accounted, "was as stones in Jerusalem during his reign." Yet, in a few years after his life of vanity, a certain King 'I of Egypt came up:and took a loan of C the precious metals ostentatiously displayed in the sacred city. Take a reverse ills. tration from modern history. -During the a reign of the third William of "Immortal C memory," Scotland hecame utterly imporer. ished by her Darien settlement. To-day any master ship-builder on the Clyde, or a u Glasgow manufacturer would he able to p mike his country, possibly without much I inconvenience, a gift of mire cash than was involved in' Scotia's ill starred under takiocg of the seventeenth century. Ahandoning '" Home' Rule," and loally catching on to her eldest sister, the canny g Scot has won all along the line. England founds the mighty state, then the loyal Scot has no objection to occupy our Colonial high places-never to his disadvantage, 1 certainly. Pioneering is always attended a with privation andemuch danger. It is safer to rise on the debris of another's failures than on our own wrecks; certainly it is nicer to bea liquidator than a share-holder st lathe present year el grace. In considering n the- probable drift and duration of our present depreeaion, I think that a short review of the behaviour of this colony of a ours during former periods of unrest, and a V glance at the length of such periods, together b with the ecnspienous causes that brought the s public barometer upagain, with fair weather and sunny times, might be adrvantageous. The history of the'district on Port Phillip rt does not date hack much past half-a-century; w yet, vicissitude has strongly marked her short career. Her infantile period of pros f perity toppled over' in about siven years from her foundation. During: 1S840 there was a land boom, accompanied with cham- w pane lunches, of coure. The farm lands a sold in Sydney, at about £3 per acre, which was then sub-divided and sold in allotments, as at New-town (now Fitzroy), and at old I' Richmond. They did not' bring many s a shillings a foot; there was very little sterling , coin in the district. The population in coming were nearly all of the immigrant class and were not much troubled with bank b drifts or stockine-lined capital However, rr employmnot wa good. and eredit.uniresmal, 01 so the little community lived gaily after its i sweaty fashionoin thflimsy paper credits. Bot the paper soon came down for there was a' nothing to back it, but unwanted corner lots ei and empty hon-es. liBeides, as I have p before stated, the little community had been it having a good time of it. The bills came in. and the foreign wine, tobacco and shoddy w merchants became pressing; then ensued a F period of black adversity ; a feeling of hope- ft lessices seized on the people at large. There was not in-that day even a ghost of a Parlian;ent or a local Council to fasten on to and bully. Thousandsleft the marvellously d wretched Melbourne of that-time for all ci parts, perhapo miost for the Cape colony and Valparaiso. You then could lhave secured the best house and land in the tpper part of J "oew-townu for a ten pound note. Not t many had any monoy ; those few a who had a little, rarely saw the wisdom of rolling theirtalentup in such a napkin as the conveyance of apiece of land. A though a more child myrelf at the tine, I could p to-day point out over a dozen positions in tlronswiek-street which were abandoned by their owners. The houses on bhich 'after lying deserted for a long time, and being largely dismantled, :were entered by some spiritless families, who being penniless were unable to leave the inhospitable? shores of England's latest failure. These "jumpers," their heirs and assigns,. have never to my ktpwledgebeen disturbed in their pesses. ion. The thing that lifted Port Phillip out of tle rut of her first disaster was the devekopmeot of her resources. " Some farm ing was proceeding about the MIerri Creek and Muenace Pocds; andl thrifty'laboceie had already commenced gardening, in a small way, at "Little Brighton." Horses and cattle werh becoming more numerous wool was gradually increasinog in quantity, from the offspriung'of the few sheep that I such entorprising settlers as Staughton nod r Clarke had brought across the Straits from the "other aide.' As thie flocks of sheep iucreased, difficulty arose as to what to do with the aged surplus stock, for the peopu lation was not at all equaltoilst'cosuumption in the shape of mutton. Tihe "Boiling downs" of Jackson and Rea, and of Joseph lRaleigh, on the Saltwater river solved the. troubl.e: Tallow, in -addition to : wool be eome 'au -"iqportantt article of . export.` Trading Iscerrs of the "Lechinnar" and I "Lysander" claus soon became numerous. .They came freighted to this oot of thi way :region,. with, emigrants,, aud.ballasted with': ithe rougher prluectiuns of tile Binhingliam .and 3Ianebester and they took away iwith themo'oonthnir return voyage, probably of six months duration, auclh barbaric exports as the condition of civilization amongst us rendered passible, Thus things. from lir water level gradually improved with us till the shadow of time turned on the dial of the nineteenth century, when I 'as intro duced to the workshop, as an apprentice. My impression now is, that then, there was nout a mang or woman capable of doing a day's work necessarily idle in the whole of; Port Phillip, Every honest working man wea quietl b ,ttering his position in aslow wa -Bucluess then-was managed, very ie piensively. -The shop-keoper and hi wife moAtly, no matter how exttnoive the.con cere, ran the whole show. ''The mercadtilh clias, as the outceme of the' estotes"of suca representative men as W, Nichblsosh; I{ugh Glass, and the well known :M. Daceon, oventoally showed. were evithiut attentation laying the littd itions of.fortonae. - \Vages then were mdicrater thkt.of tradesmen ftrim six to esres slhillings'a :iy, laboirers receieing hboot a poond a week. Then; too. men obeyed tlhe commandac and ~ ocked their full six days weekly; yes. atid ten hoars everi day.' Certainly, in thensatter of invstmcent tlh eoloohit of tose days hai Sgi-etoer ehrae nc tha? 'ean suer agal he" prebihle. ,ceficentprovidence ewas thea .parcellnug.ont this. lend to 'tlie`;;iho" rhad any earth hunger. Twenty posndsalwohld Ithen go farther in an investment than five hundred punds in, even, tee preseatt. il times. With the exception. of meat.ylien g at that period weas to rs:-iper than it otv Sisa; but luxurieswith osteiuttieus livitig isi rlticles of furniture. and apparel:.wers -tn. considered necessary by the old colonists. They had not yet forgotten the: troubloous backset the colony had undergone at the turn of its first seventh year. , A blot on thew early history of Moelbouronewas the incessent sqoabhles brougbt about by thoe attempt tl acclimatisehere th'f religioos fetishes of the old country. Every election was a testbof strength. Open roting beino then practieed, banguionryanimoitieswere thereby created. The differences colminated in 1846 : serious riots then took splaoe.which' lasted several ,days... After this aonact, prphibiting party processions, was 'pa?sed by" the Sydney legislature. ?and ;although the opposing factions erected for themselves ý imposing arsenals on the eiterno and western hills; of the city respectively, the fends practically ceased. Afterwards, the belligerents dia goired themselves as Friendly Societies, and sailing under mysteriou? conglomerations of portions of the alphabet, the meanings of which are known only to the initiated; the members have great fun to themselveo. it is to be hoped i' camera .The. only subjects of real importance that. moved Melbourne society during the period I write of were "Separation" a?d. " Anti- transportatioe.' Divided intohostile religiono camps, these grand old colonists found mostly in.ths fur wishiong up:f their then Jacobin perinod armouries suficient life motive. 'Unbonnded wealth and immense posibilities; lay arou;l the pqople of that time; - the heavens dropped fatness, but the opportonities.wehe, to a great extent, unheededi. . 