Lismore. CFeom our Correspondent. } June 8. — Some little consternation has been caused amongst that suction of the trading community who do not carry their souls entirely iu their ' breeches pockets ' by a suggestion which has been mado to open all the busiuess places, not ouly on Wednesday afternoons, but also every oven mg up till a o clock. That the shop em ployees are stro-.-.gly opposed to it need not be said, but there are also a number of the less sordid and avaricious of the employers who sot some value upon a little rest or recreation, or tho enjoyment of evenings at home with their families. For my own part my sympathies are entirely with those who try to finish their business by 6.0'clock. I do not think the amouut of money that is scraped in by two or three of the 'petti- coat house' stamp (if men, who hang about their doors with a hungry look up till 10 or 11 o'clock at night, would seri ously affect any of the more rospectable business men, and they might well disre gard them. As a rule these people are foreigners, and their exasperating avarice explains the cause of certain evonts which have boen occurring in European countries lately. I trust, however, that instead of all tne storekeepers adopting their 'sweat- ing ' mode of business, '.these .Pariah will {all into line withTthe prdsdnt loading houses in town. ..... As you have seen by tho local press, we have lost Mr. Allmau, ; our worthy Road Superintendent. Several of his friends tendered him a complimentary dinner prior to bis departure, aud tho remarks made wore in some cases a ridiculous compound of eulogy and pathos. So far was this fulsome nonsense carried that it was re ferred to by our local' press. Outside of his position in the Boads Department Mr. Allmau was oue of tho most estimnblo gentlemen who has ever had his home in this district, and I gladly bear my insigni ficant testimony to his sterling integrity of character. His amiable wife was no less esteemed, but it is very well known that there has been a good deal of grumbling about our highways ever sinco Mr. All man's advent. Whilo 1 say this, I do not profess to endorse all or any of the com plaints made, as I am not iu a position to judge in the matter. It would, however, bo a refreshing novelty to find some of our pereuuial speuch-makors, and public dinner eaters, airing their eloquence and shedding their tears ovor someone outride of the pale of Iiankdom and Government officialdom. The latest thing in fires was the burning down of tho old building ou the Casino road, about a mile from Lismore. This occurred on Thursday night, and no oue knows how the fire started. It was insured for £300, but was usually empty, or ten anted by unprofitable touants, ono of whom was the 'ghost' about which so much fuss was made somo 12 months ago. It is said the spirit was burnt by the fire. A weok of speoial services is being held in some of the churches this week. It is to be hoped Lismore will benofit by them. A suggestion has been mado by our Mayor to raise the price of gas. This is surely a backward step, and does not say much for his administrative talent. Half the gas used in the streets of Lismore is quite as much as many' towns of twice its population have, and if its dirty, rugged, unformed streets, lanes and gutters were less illuminated no one would suffer much. At anyrate the money.could be better spont in making good footpaths and roads. Alderman Norris, who was Chairman of the Works Committee, is getting incon trovertibly 'sat. ou' by bis 'superior officer,' and also by a section 'of the local press. Itdoos not by any means follow that Alderman Norris is entirely wrong ; on the contrary, he has a grievance, but no great 'following,' hence this treatment. Tho matter of tho resumption of Moles worth-street is on tho board again — I trust to some purpose this time. 