WATCHING THREE YEARS BY A ! MOTHER'S GRATE. i A correspondent of a Shanghai j journal writing from Kinkiang, on the Yangtse, mentions that he has | seen a sight which is not often seen even in China. This is a man who ! has taken a vow to watch three I years at his mothers grave. The] lady died at the end of year and was buried, as usnal, on the side of a neighbouring hill in the family burying place. When the remains had been consigned to the earth the son declared that he would not j leave the grave for three years, | and so far has been true to his j word. The neighbours took upon i themselves the responsibility of providing for his wants and subscription-list was started, ten j picals (1331b. each) of rice being j contributed by his relations and those who knew him. Families | take turns in preparing his food and bringing it to him. Others brought straw and poles and made a rude hat for him large enough to contain himself and the grave of his mother. The writer saw him when he had already been at his self-appointed task nearly seven months and says he will not soon forget the sight and smell. Around the hnt there were three well-kept graves, those of his father, brother, and wife, and inside that of his mother. During the three years of his vigil he does not wash him self, the straw upon which he lies is not removed, he does not change his clothes till the time has ex pired, be does not come out of his little place for any cause whatever, be speaks to none, except, perhaps, occasionally, and then only briefly, to his nearest relatives. He spends the time muttering prayers and burning incense at the bead of the tomb, along the length of which he is stretched. The hut is not high enough to allow him to stand up- i right and is only a few feet longer than himself. * One can faintly imagine the foulness of snch a den and the condition of an unshorn human being after snch an ex istence ; what he will be like at the j end of the summer I cannot con ceive. It does not seem possible that a man shonld be able to live through three years of such horrors —none but a chinaman conld do it.* If he survives the three years be will be highly honoured, the officials will go in state and receive him and report the matter to the J Throne, and he will receive from the Emperor's bands a board con-' taining four characters landing his j virtue. He may also receive some j small official preferment and will i thus be well provided for. The j natives say that, although he is | alone on the hillside among the , graves, no ghosts or devils will interfere with him and poisonous snakes will not come near him. Some of the people were not quite sure what his motives were; some said, significantly, that he knew what lie was doing—there was not! very much to do, and at the end of I three years lying at the grave, being fed by his friends, he would likely enough find a comfortable | support for the rest of his life. 