ON FORTUNE'S WHEEL By JOHN K. IJHTS, Author of "The Lindsays," "Linda's Inheritance," &c.; CHAPTER VIL TEMPTATION, yir Vivian gave a loud, hoarse cry, sat upright in his chair (or one moment, as if he would rise to his feet, and then fell back in his seat, trembling from head to foot. "Come Lea, said his friend; "don't take it EO much to h<-»rt. Drink a little of this. You look ghastly." "A will—are you sore'." asked the Baionet in & strange whisper. " Certain. It was drawn up by Mr. Fieldes, the man whose practice I bought. I fcun i it among liis papers." "And ?" s " lie leaves yon an annuity of three hundred a year, instead of the allowanoe he has been making you." " Three hundred a year!" The estates, and, in fact, all he had to leave, except the annuity, go to a Miss Florence Bromley." The only answer Sir Vivian made to this was a groan. It was hard for him—very hard. Tbe golden cup had been held to his lips only to be dashed away. " But it can't stand, you know, a will like that 1" he cried. " I'm afraid it will," said the lawyer, coldly. " My uncle can't have been in his right mind.'"' "My dear fellow, whenever a "Mtn is found to have made a will disinheriting his natural heir the heir immediately declares that the testator must have been insane. It's all nonsense. Your uncle was as sane as I am, and I dare say all the folks here can prove it." " Js it—is the will properly made?" "It seems to be regularly drawn and executed." There was an indefinable something in the lawyei's tone as he said these words, something which made tbe Baronet peer anxiously into his visitor's bice. But he oould read nothing in that calm, impassive countenance— nothing whatever. " It was properly witnessed ?" - "Yes. Oh,yes." *' Have you it with you here ?" "It is in my bag. I suppose it has been taken upstairs. Shall I send for it ?" "No; I don't care to read it, if that's what you mean," said the Baronet, roughly. "Who knows of tbe existence of this mon- Btrous will besides^our two selves ?" he asked, after a pause. " Well, I don't know that any one does at present." " How is that ?" "Simply because I discovered the will myself in one of Mr. Fieldes' drawers; and I don't suppose any one else knows anything about it. The two witnesses " "Ah!" '/Are Mr. Fieldes, who is dead, and an old clerk of MB who left the firm before I took over the business. It is very unlikely that he ran remember it, for the wiU is seven years old : and lawyer's clerks, you know, are in the habit of signing their names as witnesses a dozen times in a week. Of course he would recognise his signature, and swear to it, and probably recollect the whole matter, if the will were put into bis hands; but I thought) you meant ?" " Yes, I meant that. He would never be likely to trouble himself as to whether the will was carried out or not." " Of course not. How oould he ? Perfectly impossible." " Who are the executors!" "A person, who, I fancy, is the Rector down here, and a Colonel Meredith." " No doubt my uncle told them of his intention. I know he mentioned the thing to the Hector, in a casual sort of way. Probably he tipoke of it to the other executor as well." " No, he did not; not in such a way, at all events, as to impress his mind." "How do you know?" asked Sir Vivian, quietly. " Because I know this Colonel Meredith. I bad a letter from him about another piece of business to-day, and he never referred to this matter." "And you didn't refer to it in your answer to bim ?'' "No. I thought you were the first who ought to know of it." " I'm sick of the subjeot!" cried Sir Vivian, after a long pause. "Let's have a cigar." The two young men tried to talk about other things, but it was in vain. As often as another subject was etarted the conversation languished and died away, and the thoughts of both reverted to the sheet of paper upstairs upon which tbe ownership of Soardale depended. Lionel North seemed quite as abstracted as his friend. "So if anything should happen—if the house should take fire to-night, for example, and burn up your bag and all that it holds, nobody would be a bit the wiser?" It fpas the Baronet who spoke. The question was apropos of nothing, but the lawyer answered immediately— " Nobody would be a bit the wiser." Sir Vivian got up and began to walk back and forward, back, and forward, with long, impatient strides. The lawyer sat watching liim, a sardonic smile in his face. "There is something lie would like to say, only he doesn't dare." said the astute young man to himself. _ Suddenly tbe Baronet stopped opposite his friend, and said, with eyes an the ground, " Is there no way of getting out of it ? No way of getting round this cuised will?" A curious look shot out from the young lawyer's eyes for an instant. " I only know of one way," he said, in a quiet, constrained tone. S?Sir Vivian did not care to ask whatbe meant, He could not yet, in eo many words, offer North a bribe to destroy the will. But after a pause he said—with his oyes fixed on the ground— " I suppose you think of going over to the Rectory to-morrow morning?" " I suppose so." " Don t go yet. A day's delay will do no harm to anybody, eh? Some flaw may be discovered ; or—or—a later will may turn up. It would be a pity to awaken expectations, eh ?— which might be disappointed." "I don't know. A day's delay might look queer, don't you think? .But I can wait till the afternoon. 6ince you wish it.' : Then Sir Vivian thought he understood that North was not incorruptible. But he had not made up his mind what he should ask him to do. " Yes; I should like to have the morning to consider the matter," he said, slowly. What was there for bim to consider? Nothing. But North seemed to understand for the ghost of a smile passed over his face, and he made no reply. Then there was another silence. "Well, I'm dead tired, old fellow ; I think I'll go off to bed." said North, after 6ome minutes, rising, and yawning as he spoke. "All right; you'll find Williams, or somebody, in the hall, to show you to your room," said his host, carelessly. Alone at last 1 Sir Vivian was glad to be alone. He could not think when that fellow was sitting opposite watching him. He groaned aloud, put his elbows on bis knees, dropped his bead into his hands, and bat staffrg at the fire without seeing it. Should he give up Scardale ?i No ! A thousand times, no! Whatever it might cost him, whatever risk he ran, that he would not do. So he told himself ; and yet, when he thought of the alternative—suppressing the will which his uncle had made, he shuddered at the depth of the abyss into which he must plunge in order to achieve his end. "It's right enough that I Bhould have Scardale, and I'll keep it if I can," he said, as if to bully. his conscience into silence. But the whispering voice within would not be stilled. He would have liked to take the persistent thing by the throat and strangle it. He would keep Scardale! he shouted to himself; and then looked round, fearful lest some one should have overheard him. No human ear was within hearing; but at that moment the rising wind Bent forth a wail that shivered around the gables of the hall, and made the guilty man tremble as he listened. It was like the voica of his good angel, bidding him an eternal farewell. "Of course, 111 make it all right with Florence—make her an allowance, as the old man wished to make me one, by Jove 1" And a keen feeling of satisfaction made the Baronet's «yes gleam, as he thought how he was about to thwart the old man who had ecorned and humiliated him; how he would make him of no account, and deal with his heaped-up wealth exactly as he had desired it Bhonld not be dealt with. Indeed, it was not solely the love of wealth and position which was now tempting Vivian Lea to his ruin. He hated his uncle for disinheriting him, for insulting him, as he had done more than once. It was delioions to think that he could defy the old man now, and live in his house and epend his money contrary to his wishes. But how was the fraud to be carried out? Get the will from North and burn it. That would be the simplest and surest way. Bu bow was he to get the will ? Would North let bim have it—leave the document where it conld be' got at, and go back to London without troubling Mr. WiUoughby? He thought he would—if he bid high enough. Or, could he take it out of his guest's portmanteau in the night? Now? He glanced at the clook and started. It win after 1 o'clock. He had been absorbed m thought that he had not notioefl the flight of time. All the servants had long been asleep. JS T ot a sound WM to be heard but tne haul trailing and moaning of the wind. Sir Vivian rose, turned out the lamp, blew out the candles, and began to ascend the stem in the dark. What was he going to do? lie hardly new. The thought of the will lasoi- natod him. He no longer shuddered at the idea of this crime. He bad already aooustomed himself to the idea of it. He had lived, in thought, a lifetime sinoe Lionel North had come to his door. Sir Vivian went upstairs, his footsteps making no sound on the thiok carpets; and though he did not carry any light, he found without much difficulty the chamber where his guest was lying. Gently he turned the handle of the door, and to his surprise, it yielded. He had thought that it would be locked. Wild ideas of stealing the will in the dark and making off with it surged through his brain. He stopped forward into the room. 