The Ghosts of locking ML In tbo Inttor part of fhostimmorof 18_ ] was travailing ovar tho county of Hocking, I fouud myself an tho shades of evening foil in ono o£ thoRO lonelv and gruesome hollows for whioh tho Blank .Tuck region of Honking County in justly famous. I thought to my wolf, as I sat down upon the moist and spongy ond of a rotteu log to rest and gather my scattered thoughts, if I woro looking for tho loouiof a ghost story 1 •wouldn’t ask for a hotter outfit than is hero spread hoforo mo. At my foot rail tho hobbling brook. Tho solemn and lonscsorac wood might have br>on tho very ptaoo dipiotod hy tho haunted im agination of tho unfortunnto Aram. Tho linos (mine to my mind:— 1 hid tiie murdered ith hcijH -it leiivjs, And this crook, which widons a littlo fur fclmr on into a blank pool, whoro its orst whilo hvely imd sparkling watora find a •slothful rest, why might it not bo tho .Sluggish water, dark and deep, in whoso bosom tho murdorer «ought to oon coalhiB viotims. Suddenly there woro tho proinonitory rumblings of ono of those sudden and violont electrical storms which woro exceedingly common during tho summer referred to. Almost boforo I oould bestir mysolf the faco of tho hoavons was blank with the olo montal wrath and tho tops of'tho giant oaks wore towing in tho broero lilco so many anus lifted m supplication to tho storm king. I T090 and wr.ltcod rapidly along tho thread of tho stream' up to tho hoadof tho hollow. I had not gono moro than threo hundrod Tftrdfl wlicn I oniorgud at tho odgo of tho •woods and found -myself in an open spoon in tho midst of which stood r, liouso built of logs, but wcuthorbonrdod. Tho surroundings of thohouHo were somo what peculiar. Tho cleared apace, of which itwaeeeomingly thooxsetoentre, was bowed out ofiprimavul ferost-in a squaro, whoso sidos were poswbly'two hundrod yards. About tho honso, and ’ inclosing whet might have 'boon a garden spot, save "that tho vogtftotion •soornocl ’to havo cliod tong ago, ran a slab fotice. ‘Ac I poised iscrnsa tho inofoetiro to tho hotrao, 1 wav peculiarly struck with the fact llmt tho soil of thoin olosuro wus <iry and friable, although tho ground ita tho f mmodiato vicinity imlioatod that it. had rnint/d but racoutly. I also noticod ».:tiu 'ftirfconishment that thq \- woods nnd withered vogotatkm -of -tho gardou was -so dr)' that it cracked and broko boncafth my feet with the brittloness of* finest glass. (Tho fouco, which I buvo ro-! forred 'to, was decayed, but not outef repair; that is, there was a general mouldoring away, •but no apeotfic breaks or broaches to indicate <that it ha&ftjQAtidho; object of fuisusago or tho •■wear and ’tear of ordinary oooupanoy. An •old-fashioned well-sweep stood iu front oftho i house, a laUlo'to tho right, and beokouod ran .'•with cooimg-ontieoinent in that foast of • drought. I 'approached aud bont ovor tho • curb—(br. well was as dry as tho rich man’s • ©yo at tho •funeral of his poor relation. Tho Ftonos at tho bottom, stained with tho'traces of moss which had dried and fallen off, looted thirst. JThere woro no signs of life about— no cautiioue 'roostor Booking sholtor from tho npproaohiug-trtorm, no house cat on tho sottlo with pluintivo ory boggiug for admittanco. Hot cron >tho "friendly dog camo witfhmg'Oufc, as wae usually his wout, to bid mo “deep mouthed welcome” aud wipe his incisors off on my troueors. A crow, which parched at tho ferfchor ond of the inclosure, as I ap proached How off and winged his lazy' flight to tho higltest branch on tho highest treo at tho top of tho opposite hill. Withbiindo* parted all tho life of tho place. I dori’t'fthink I was ovor so oppressed with . loneliness and tho souse of destitution as I , wa9 'tkat short momont which it 'took mo to crass that iuolosuro and make tho observa tions which I havo imporfootly dotailod. But tho storm in tho meautimo imd.grown in fury, mad tho clouds woro throatoning in stant, and I thought wolcomo, prcaipitatiou upon that thirsty ground. I oould not dolay longor <my reluctant application foraadmit tanowT foe T nonfoss tliat thoro was eomothing “boat tho house which nuido mo shiver whon Z thought of entering. Tho small windows, of the- most autiquo pattern, soomed to bo oyoiug rao with a sinister and curious cnoan as if surprised at my temerity. I ap proached tho aoor, which was raisod about two foot from tbo ground, and was roaohod by Uiroo stops of rough stono. I knocked timidly at first, but there was no 'response • Bftvo tho faint, echo of my knocking. Thou, • cmboldenod by my first efforts and by tho violouco of the thruatouing storm, whioh eeomed rolling on towards tho iuolosuro from nil portions of tho sky, T knocked aguin, thiB ‘ timo so vigorously that the loud reverbora tionB rolled through tho .empty rooms and re turned to my oar in ropeatod echoes. My boart beat rapidly, for I was suro I heard a • stop within. It seemed to proceed from an uppor chambor, and oamo slowly, stoolthily down tho stair. Tho door evidently lod into n hall and tho stairs lod closo to it. Tho • steps continuod to approach and tho uctiou of my heart quiokoned until I shut my death tightly to hold it in. At last tho foot rouchod tho floor. I think I would havo flod • from tho place, bi > I Imdu’t tho powor. Tho thing, whatovor it was, for I now began to boliovo that I was in tho country of ’tho supernatural, and wouldn’t havo boon sur prised to havo had the devil himself open tho door and invito rao in, paused at tho lauding. I tried to look caroless and unconcerned, but that offort assumed the sumo air of gonoral delapidaticn. Prosontly tho prosonco satisfied itsolf, turned aud walked down tho hall and was lost to my car. Everything was deathly still again and my repeated knocking only awoke tho echoes, which, proceeding from thoso hollow rooms, Boomed almost to havo tho sentience of a human voieo. I now determined to solve tho myifiorv, , •whatovor tho rosult. It would bo a good j plaoo for countorfoiters, aud in the oventrtlmt • supposition was true I would probably bo fmbjooted to tho embarrassment of having iny tonguo out out. Howovor, in my present ►*tato curiosity fast ovorcumo four, and after onoo moro assailing tho door with my knock ing, I placed my shoulder against it to force it. I had braced myself fora hard ttissloand; i folt a littlo natural embarrassment and con-. fusion when I found myself sprawling on tho1 floor in the hall. I was tho moro oonfusndj beoanso I was suro I heard a low laugh,; which I took to issuo from feminine lips right in my oar. I scrambled to my feet, mentally framing a graceful apology for my rather ■procipitato entranco, but to my astonishment I was alone—horribly alone *! I oxamined rtho door aud fouud that at tho first pressure iho look had fallen from its fastcningR. Decay, tho slow doc&y; of timo and idlonoss, was ovor every thing. Tho lmll waR short nnd baro and eontuiued nothing but tbo rudo stair way, whioh, without balustrade, lod to an opening in tho floor above and probably a hallway of similar dimensions. On tho loft was a small room bare of ornamonfc. An old •fwhionod bedstead with high red posts stood an ono corner. Opposite and hoar the window stood a little wasnstand with stono bowl ani Sitoher. I looked into tho pitcher; it was ry. 'Thoro was no wutor in it, but at tho bottom of tho bowl I thought I discerned a rod incrustation whioh might have been blood. I romombored that tho stain of human blood was the last thing to faduuway. It remained to testify to tho horror its spilling occasioned long after tho memory of tho ovont had fadod from the mind.i of men. I can’t dusoribc my sensations as I contemplated thi« simple thing. It soomed to my excited imagination that I oould feol tho presence of something behind mo bondiug ovor my shoulder. Tho saino chilly breath was on my oheok which I felt, but havo yet fuilod to ineution, ns ooming through tho koyholo of tho door when tho presence stopped at tho foot of the With an offort I shook tho horror off and turned for further investigation. I ap proaohod tho bed. Tho storm which I had iorgotton in ray now-found intorost had dooponod tho shadows of evening until tho light whioh struggled through the small window boourao a shadow before it reached that oorner of tho room, .As I bont my stops in that direction the preseuco whioh I oould not boo, but which I was suro had boon at jny back ovor since I entered tbo houao, 280) shifted its position, find now seemed to j stand between mo nnd tho bed, rotroatingl imckwardnal approached. T was snro oi this, because I lolt its breath on mv faco. As I stooped ovor tho bod I was sure I again saw traces of blood. It was on tho pillows who^o whito eases had turnml yellow with tuno, and in tho shadow 1 thought I dipcernod tt in profusion on tlie caunteriNiTio. Tho coverings the bed wore tossed about in « 1 way whioh would suggest tint its last oo oupaut lmd boon suffering with tho night inaro. As I l»ent furtbor down to examine tho blood spots more miuutoly I bocK’mo conscious of icy hands about my throat. 1 struggled to free myself, but my efforts worn ineffectual. Presently tho hands loouoncu tlioir grasp, and it seotnod something sjiuk bade into tho bod with a gurglinir aim siokening groan u» if dying from stramru latlon. I Hod nglmst. from that room and started for the hall door bont upon immediate escape from this chamber of inndorios. To my con* stcruivtiou the look lmd boon roplnccd and the door resisted my most stronuoim olTorts to . open it. I rushed iuto tho room on tho right; I the window was tightly boarded up, a fact I hud failed 'to note while outside. I was a prisoner iu that house of horrors, without tho physical power now to escape ovou if a I way had boon opened to ‘Vdq. Illy knees j amoto togothor aud tho cold swoat stood out | or. iny forehead. Tho room in which I was had ovidoutly sorrodaR akitebon aud dining I t appeared as if it had boon left . hastily r.ftor a meal, but if so, it must have boon years ago, for tho remnants of thoro pusthudouly left stems upon tho mouldor mg cloth. The furnishiugs of tho table wore orudo aml of a pionoer dato; tho platos woro of a yellow crockery and tho bowls and dips of antique pattern ; in tbo wide fire place tho old-fashioned ernno swung with an ironvpot hanging to its arm. In my utter despair somo part of my nervo roturnod, and I was enabled to again move about. Tho paralysis which fear imd laid upon my limbs had fallon off, and I now dotorininod upon furtbor investigation. I •was getting used to things, and tho icy presence which still stood by* my sido was •net ontiroly intolerable. I determined to go up the stairs and see wlmt now resolutions would be vouchsafed in the upper atopy. Tho night without was black, and I -oould hear tho drop thundor peals and sea flushes of lightning. In tho uatural course of ovonts I thought tho houso should bo dark; but while tho night lmd grown from gray to black there seemed to bo no chnnge in the condition of tho light within tho hou«e. Tho atmosphoro -fitill had that sickly yollow hue whioh you sometimos seo whon tho ovening sun sinks benoath a black oloud. It was peculiar in this, too, that it seemed to pass along boforo mo, whilo tho spaoo at somodis tanco was totally' obscured in tho shadow. By tho aid of tho light, thou, I found tho door aud began the asoont of tho stales. As I ascended I could hoar footsteps immediately behind me. They stoppod wncu 1 did, and whon about half way up tho stair I heard again the samo foot descending whioh had thrilled me whon I stood outside tho door. I could feel tho presence pnsa mo on tho way and I thought I folt tho touoh of ite baud. I looked at -my hand at tho point of contaot, and a bright rod spot glowed thoro. The apparitiou, or whatovor it was, passed on my loft, or tho outsido of tho stairway, and I could feol tho ghostly companion at iny back shudder and crowd to tho wall, sensibly pushing mo to one side in its eagorness to avoid the othor shndo. Evidently, I thought, for I was now enough composed to think, thoro is not ontiro hurmony in this ghostly household. I now. proceodod to tho top without inter ruption cud shade No. 1 resumed its place at my back. At the landing, howovor, I por eoived that my companion Btoppod. I took sovoral stops to tho door on tho right, whioh lod to a chamber ovor tho kitchen. I lifted tho latch and ontored. To my surpriso, but not oonstoruation for my nervo was com pletely rostorod, tho door was sharply closed after mo, and I was loft in total darknoss. Tho yellow light was gono and the inystori I ous presence hud also departed. I groped my | way to tho window whioh opened on-the in I olosuro at tho back of tho house cud tried to throw up tho sash, but it rosistod my efforts Veering through tho darkened glass, I oould boo that the storm had not abated any of ite fury, but upon a oloser look I saw that tho oleared spaco to whioh I have ulludod, and whioh I noticod as being ortromoly dry, seemed to bo wholly escaping the heavy rain whioh waB falling about us. From this window I could seo tho lofty wall of woods at tbo baok and a portion on each side, and extending up from its topi could easily per ooivo tho edgo of tho rainfall, like a crystal wall, oxaotly co-inoident with tho lino formod Vy tho treos. This, thon, was tho explanation of tho oxoeesivo drynosa. Tho placo was oursod. As I turned again to tho room I becumo consoious of a change in tho condition of tho lijrht. Tho glow was very faint at first, but gradually intensified until tho objects in tho room were easily disoomiblo. Tho light wan of much tho samo quality as that alroady referred to, only strongor ; and now I .per ceived tbnt it projeodod from a candelabra on atablo near tho window, with throo branches each holding a wax tapor. Whilo wrapped iu wonderment at this phonomonou I boonmu awuro of a warm nnd comfortablo sensation creeping ovor mo, ami, looking around, bo held a cheerful firoin tho old-fnshioncd open grato at my back. “This is exoollont,” 1 thought, aud seating myself in u curiously carvod oaken ohair boforo tbo firo, I bogun to loisuroly examine tho coutouta of tho room in detail. Thoro was a riohnoss about every thing that ill comportod with tho wild ness of tho. region and tho finiflh of tho room. Evidently tho«o trappimrs of luxury had boon usod to better days and other olimos. Thoro was an air of Oriontal profusion in the furnishings that suggested tho nativity of tho owner, but thoro was also such a diversity iu tho designs and workman ship of tho various articles that ovou an uu prnoticod eye could roadily hqo they hud bcou collected from many quarters of the globo. I at onco made up my mind that tho mysterious ownor was a soafuring man possibly a pirato, who for somo detected crime was forced to sook flafoty iu tin's plaoo, romoto from tho buso of his marauding operations. Tho tablo whoroon sat tho light was littorod with books, maps and nautical instruments, and upon its stand, near a richly-upholstored ohair by tho tablo, whioh swung ou its inclined axis. Tho room looked as if tho occupant had just loft it, and but for a short time. While I was musing upon theao strange things tho door softly oponod ond a man riohly clad in garmonts of Oriontal mngnifi oonco entored. Tie was smoking a lonir Turkish pipo, and tho pungent fragrance of tho tobacco brought up to my imaifinution all tho pootical ohnrms of tho Oriont. I was about to spank, but saw that, although ho turned his eyes to that portion of the room whouo I Bat, ho did not observo mo. Ho passed quickly across tho room to tho chair by tho tablo aud sank oontontodly back in its cushions. Iio was in dcop moditutiou, aud as ho hold his rapt gazo on tho opposite wall he took long draughts at his pipo and filled tbo -room with tho frugraut smoko. Presently ho laid usido tho pipe, took a parchment map from tho table, pml with his instrument whs soon loot in somo intricate problem. I don't know how long wo sat thus, but it oouldu't havo boon many momonts until tho latch again cliokod and another tiguro entored tho room. The figaro iu tho chair didn't raiso its oyos, and was ovidontly unconscious of thosocond presence, Tho iutrudor was a man dressed aftor tho 8HtnO' general fashion of tho first, in an inforior stylo, which indicates tho rank of a Hervant. Hie features, wrought with passion, Bhowod that ho was a native of Rome of those countrios which border tho Meditorruuoun, possibly a Grook. Tho features of tho muster, whom I nowturnod to, ns tboy woro oagorly bont over his map, showed that ho had been born in a colder olirao, but they had tho bronzo whioh only tho tropical sun can Whilo I was making those observations tbo second figuro had glided around tho room and was stundiug back of the chair and partially loaniug ovor tho sitting man. Tbo move ment had ovidontly beon unobserved by the latter. J. Ipokod into tho face of tho servant, and if over inurdor cried out from features it I eertttiuly did from these. In n twinkling ho I had whipped a curved and murderous kuifo ) from his holt, and bonding down ho placed j his baud over tho mouth of tho man in tho 1 chair, boat his head hack until tho throat was | well expnscd, mid then he drew tho keen kuifn across, ahnnHi Hovering the bond. Tho blood gushed out in torrents, but the murderous slave held Ms hand tightly ovm tho mouth of the victim until he wag sure < life hiul parted ; then ho dropped tho houd, which foil limply to ouo side, exposing tho ghastly wound, and again passed out the door. I henrd his footfalls on tho stairs. I had hoard them boforo. They woro the same whioh responded to tny fir«t knocking, tho same which passed ino on my way to tho fatal ohnrnbor. 1 arose and fell owed quickly to tho land ing. Tho min lmd passod 'dowu to tho door and was standing in an oxpootant attitude, evidently awaiting tho approach of some ono. Presently I hoard tho fresh notes of a song without, and following tho door was oponod and a young girl, carrying a oatullo and shielding its ilamo from tho wind with hor hand, ontored. She had no more than stopped across tho threshold when tho .slavo sprang upon her, Thero was a struggle, and the delicate girl was hustled into the room I first, described. I hoard a stifled shriok, a gurgling groan, and then all was still. In tho intensity of my agonised horror I found my voice and called aloud. Just kh I shouted tho storm scorned to gather all its thuudor in one bolt, which it spout with a mighty and dnafaning crash. Tho earth shook, tho fabric of that house crumbled about mo and tho uncanny spirits flow shrieking to thoir qonfmos. 