MORE REMINISCENCES OF CARLYLE. THE GALLIVANTINGS 01' MR. Mitt. The second instalment of Sir Charles .Duffy's "Conversations and Correspondence of Thomas Carlyle," in the Contemporary Review, is more interesting than the first. Recalling the days of the." Latter-Day Pamphlets," the writer tells a humorous story of the seriousness with which an Irishman of Coleraine received the atrabilious suggestion in- "Downing street" that the work of Parliament might be done better and cheaper by a newspaper. Sir Charles says:-"It must have tickled the philosopher's midriff to find this mad banter taken seriously by one of hi3 admirers, who was willing to subscribe £10 a year tosvard3 setting up a newspaper which should supersede Parliament in the minds of all reasonable people." But the most entertaining passages m these reminiscences _ relate to John Mill and his platonic affection for the lady who afterwards became his wife. In a conversation with Sir Charles Duffy, Carlyle held forth in this wise: -At one time we saw a good deal of Mill. Ia the Reform Bill era he was an innocent young creature, with rich auburn hair and gentle Eathetic expression, beautiful to contemplate; itt a domestic embroilment drove him to adopt! a secluded monastic sort of life, in which people saw little of him but the work he did. His life had been wrecked by a platonic, and quite innocent, affection for a married lady who had since become hi3 wife; concerning whom he had got possessed by an idea, or in deed a series of ideas, which were altogether absurd and insupportable. He regarded her as the paragon of womankind, which she was not by long odds; far otherwise than a paragon one might safely say. She was the i daughter of a Radical doctor, who married | her to Taylor, a Radical and Socinian, an ! honest simple sort of man, who had no doubb that the ideas which prevailed among this class of persons afforded a sufficient solution for all the hard problems of life. W. J. Fox, who had a chapel in. Finsbury, where he patronised _ Peter and Paul as ignorant bub well-intentioned persons, and delivered prayers which some one described as the most eloquent) prayers that ever were addressed to a British audience. Fox had probably the Taylora among his congregation; at any rate, he came to know that Mrs. Taylor, a vivacious little body, who found her life among the Socinians wearisome, and he told her that John Mill was the man among the human race to relieve in a competent manner her dubieties and difficulties. He brought Mill to see her; and Mill, who had probably never before looked into a woman's face, was spell-bound. She was a shrewd woman, with a taste for coquetry, and she took possession of Mill and wrapped him up like a cocoon. He used to go to her in all his trouble to be comforted, and in all his difficulties to be guided, and probably to ba flattered a litble besides. From that time all Mill's enjoyments in life centred in her. Taylor remonstrated with her on the extent to which the intimacy was carried; but she told him he might blow up the house if it seemed good to him, bub she could not, under any circumstances, give up this friendship as she would probably call it. There were children to be considered, and he thought he had better endure the thing than make a clamor and a catastrophe. . . . Mrs. Carlyle, who was present, said Mrs. Mill 'was not the pink of womankind as her husband conceived; but a peculiarly affected and empty body. Sho wa3 nob easy unless she startled you with unexpected sayings. If she was going to utter something kind and affectionate she spoke in a hard, stern voice. If she wanted bo be alarming or uncivil she employed the most honeyed and affectionate tones. " Come down and see us," she said one day (mimicking her tone),_ "you will be charmed with our house, it is so full of rats." "Rats!" cried Cartyle; "doyou regard them, as an attrac tion?" "Yes" (piano), "they are such dear innocent creatures." Mrs, Carlyle at the same time told me the story now sufficiently known of-how the first volume of the "French Re volution" got burnt. When Mill suddenly appeared at Cheye-row to announce the mis fortune, he looked so like the ghost of Hamlet's father, that she knew some catastrophe must have occurred, and exclaimed involuntarily, " Gracious Providence, he has gone off with Mrs. Taylor!" but happily the misforbune proved to be a more remediable one. SEEING THE GREAT MAN. " One day," said Mrs. John Stuarb Blackie to a Strand magazine interviewer, " I went to call on Mrs. Carlyle. It was in the afternoon of a very, very hot day. I was just saying good-bye, when it suddenly occurred to me to ask, referring of course to her husband, 1 May I see the great man?' Mrs. Carlyle took ma down some dark kitchen stairs, and there, in a corner, with his trousers drawn up to his knees, sat Carlyle on a chair, with his feet and legs in a great tub of cold water 