THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS.- / "I would give a million dollars for a stomach, sMd a wealthy Amorictn recently. Now, a mil lion dollar8 (L200,000) is a. deal of money,,, but ho was not 'ablp to; buy ' the article even at- that price. 3 (' ,. ' ; - /.- , ,!> f s ';/ // Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Par- ley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, be ing a gardener, but bo was. .'ready, enough; to., give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Hero is his story, nnd he shall tell it in his own way. ' Jlir Gaskin goes on to say ; " Up to eight years sgo I had never lost- an hour's .work through . sickness. In December, 1882, 'whilst' living aV Boeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I haddreadltil pain after eating, 'a Dad taste in my month, which would fill with water, and slime, the lattor so thick and sticky thai I''of ten' had to rctnovp it with my fingors. My chest used to ' fill up' nud.my. throat would swell so I couldn't buttou, my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly, a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would strain till I bled at tho,ncsc,rand the blood rushed out of my ears';. 'i.btcamo exhausted, arid sh rt of brcatlx and had to call, the doctor, nnd was in bed five or six weeks. "I then wunt as out-patierit to the Nottingham hospital, . and after attonding there for six mouths was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months 1 kept getting better,' then worse,' and at last tho doctors rocomaiended ':me to try.- a change of uir. So I came to Darley Abbey, arid my former master gave mo aa indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, ;Derby, ; I found, however, that all. the bods in trie hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor an t a'so two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a gailoping corisump'ijiiy arid must die ;'the' 'other doctors after sounding my lungs and chest, 1 said nothing', but shook their heads.' " Getting a1 trifle better my_ old master allowed me to do, what little I could! in. his gardens and grounds.; and some days I worked a little, aud.theu. would be away for a few days. . Things went on like this until December, ISSS, when I caught cold,' got : very short, of breath, and broke down cont- "pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm sometimes : as much as a teacupful a once, and was af aid to go to sleep for fear tliet phlegm; rfould choke me. At this time tlia -wlntea , "of-my eyes tamed yellow, and my eyes were bl'iod-; shot.- My lips. and . mouth" were dry and. I often broke out into a cold, clammy sweat. My tonguo waslikea piece of brown leather, arid I could keep, nothing down.' 'I lost over a stone, weight iri three; weeks."' i.l'I'managed ' to get up for a few hours lit a time but was Bo weak I bad to take' hold of the furniture to move a" few yards. " I . was always tired arid weary, and sitting or lying, was ne.-rr at ease arid got no'real rest, ' Too weak to read I often sat for hours-looking at my. hands— nothing but skin and "bhne. arid wjLS so nervous "T couldn't bear the least noise, .and ,the children, at play qmte upset me. " The doctor kept on - attending me, bnt he said, , ' I.can do you. no goad ; "1 can only patch yon up, : 'because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine arid tried everything I could uuar oi. udb buiug was » uuujju cuic iruui iaiuuuu that cost 22s a bottle. . ' But narhiag did my good,; and my friends who came to see m i said, Well,, -you r- won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for oriother world.' "About" the middle of Maroh,18S9, a neighbour named Joseph Tathaui, who work3 in the. paper mills at Darley Abbey,! said to me, ' Tom, did yon ever try Mother Seigol's Myrup?' and told me how he had been' cured alter being in the hospital. Ho spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Store t in Victoria-street. Alter . the first dose I had an evacuation block as. ink, .and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. "After taking the medicin : for three days c«y breathing got easier, my food kept.down,' and in a few days more I was ablo to .go.oitt for a short wa k. By tho «-ud.of a fortnight I went to see my mBSter, who asked .what hid wrought the improvement, and 1 told him, 'as -I tell every one, that Mother Seiuol's Syrup had s ived my. life, f commenced work at once, au>i ; hive never lost a dry's work since, . '.'Of coursa my strength did riot return all at j once, but after taking Seig- I's "'yriip for six mnaths 1 was.strong as ever ia my life and have continued so ever 'since " : ! - . . ; / J; In giving his consent to the publicatio i of this remarkable statement, M Gaskin r.- quests us ..to . refer all.doubtora to him or to Mr Koetley, Head Gardene ;, Darler Abbiy, who is acquainted with ; all -the facts alleged. Mr Ga-kin h -s .l'v/d at Darley Abbey .22 yeara and bears au excellent re- putatiori. ' . Now, what was the cemplaiut -from which he snffered ? -.Not; galloping consumption, cert '-inly (as one of the doctors.!thougbt), or he would have \- galloped in o hit grave in less than ! three months, instead of growing worse for sev-n years. His complaint was chron'c iufltmmatory dyspepsia (or chronic gaatric c»tarrh),"which has Inn; symp toms like consumption, for which it ia so o'"ten igncr ' antly mistakeu aud wrooglv treated. When the right remedy, Mothor Seigel's Syrup, was used the ' disease yie dud, as ail diseases ot th > ' digestive tract' do yield to that magnificent preparation. We: hearti y congrntuUts Mr Gaskin on lite re el very, arid corame id the facts of his case, to all thinking people : - ' : -/ - - 