GOOD TEMPLARY AT WILLIAM TOWN, -49-- A rnuLIo meeting was held on Monday evening, under the auspices of the- lvening Star Lodge, No 203, of the above order, for the purpoeo of hearing a lecture by the Rev. Bro. Thee. Davies, G.O., D.O.T., on "Pro hibition, the coming policy of Democratic Australia. A statement of the policy, with objections and objectors, who and what are they ?" Bro. D. Watson, D.D, occupied the chair. The meeting opened with the sliging of "Fescue the Perishing." The chairman in a few introductory remarks reo forred to the great ability and the noble services rendered to the cause of tomperance in the district and elsewhere by Bro. Rev. T. Davies. She lecturer, on coming forward, was well received. He said that he felt under cortain dilliultize in endea vouring to speak about "Prohibition" to prohibitionists, for he was given to understand that the local lodge had most successfully fought three appliceticne for a license to sell strong drink in their midst, which proved conclusively that they were red-hot prohibitionists. However, he felt that the subject which he intended dealing with was one that required talking about even amongst those that wore favourablo to the policy, for there was a day coming, he believed, when there would be an opportu nity afforded to the people to go to the ballot box and record their votes either for or against the existenceo of the traffic, and it was absolutely necessary that the people should understand the facts of the case in order that they might be able to fortify them. selves and others around them against the trickery of the trafllokere. To some people the word prohibition was as good as a ghost story any day; and in a most amusing manner the lecturer weat on to relate the rumour about ghosts a few months ago in Walleond, which scared the brawny minors one morning, causing some to goright straight home again, instead of going to their work. He then gave a statement of the prohibition policy. It was not a question of individual liberty, nor yet of personal rights, but it was a question of far more importance, for more reaching in its influence; it was a question of protecting society from injury; it was a question whether any Government had a right to legalise that which would blight and blast society and bring upon it premature disease and death. They made no plea for sumptuary laws but rather to banish ruin and mnisery from the hearths and homes of the people. Some people ran away with the ideathat they (thotemperanco party) were responsible for bringing temperance in;t polities; no such credit was due to the temporance party. The traffic itself was alone responsible for thar, its own innate badnese had placed it there. For over four centuries the British Government had tried to regulate the traflic, but had failed. Why P Simply because they had never taken the right course to cure the evil He (the lecturer) related another amusing. story, which was appropriate to the point he was making. If the people wished to be free, they would have to kill the traffic, and blot it out from the land. To try to regulate the traffic, and yet legaliza it, was nothing short of madness. - The lecturer then went on to show the objects of Government, quoting many great authorities on the question. He said that if, as had beIn stated, the object of Government was " to make it easy to do right, or hard to do wrong," or again, "the greatest happiness to the greatest number," how was it that this vile drink system was allowed, and even seanotioued to remain by Government P He stigmatized the liquor traffic as an unmitigated and un manageable curse, and a public menace, and however much some people objected to the traffic, the fact remained that every citizen was a sleeping partner in it, and that was his greatest plea for prohibition, in order that the people should be allowed to say yea or nay. He endeavoured to prove the harm and injury that was being done to society by ito existence, showing how men had murdered their dearest friends, while under its terrible influence, friends with whom they would have shared their last peony had it not lern for the drink. His policy was, that they should imprison the traffic, instead of having to imprison the victim. Some people thought that they (the temperance party) wore fight ing the publicans. He said so far as he was persoanally concerned, he would never be one, to say one word against the publican, so long as he paid for his license and kept the law, for no man had any right to do so. It was not the publican that brought the truffio into existence, but the Government rather, and it was the Government that was to blame for its evils. Not te'at he had any sympathy with any man that would enter into such a traffic, but as a matter of citizr:nehip he had no right to blackguard the publican. Some people thought that moral suasion was the best means to effect a cure; others a sid it was none of their busi nees. The moral suasionist contended that the people were not ready for prohibition, which only showed their want of koowledge of the whole affair, as it was a sheer impossi bility to know whether the people were ready or not until the vote was actually re corded; and those who contended that it had nothing to do with them were very often those people that had lost their nearest and dearest through strong drink. Others said that hotels were necessary. Heo was quite prepared to admit that hotels were neces esary, but not the grog. Some people tried to argue that prohibition did not prohibit. If such were the case, why in the name of common sense were the publicans so much afraid of it? The fact tlhat prohibition did prohibit was the whole cause of alarm, and when once that prohibition became the burning question of thle day it was only than that the people would see the tactice of the liquor dealers to defeat the people at the ballot. The lecturer, who spoke for an hour and a half, resumed his seat amidst a storm of applause. A vote of thlanks was accorded to him for his able lecture, many speaking in the highest terms of it. A vote of thanks was also tendered to the chairman, after which the mooeeting was brought to a close by singing and prayer. 