MEETING NIGHT. The German professor, when he had fin ished our lesson, and was waiting for the thunder shower to pass—for, though he had brought his big blue umbrella, he did not care to face the (lashes of lightning—suddenly turned to us, and said: “ It was exactly such an evening as this I saw Leopold—” We looked up at him and waited. We knew he was about to tell us a story ; he al ways began in.this w.ny, without preface. “ In my native village,” he said, “people believe that whoever will go alone to the cathedral on a certain midnight in summer, which we call1 Meeting Night,’ and with his own blood, and a quill from, a bird’s wing, write the name of a dead friend in the form of a cross at the foot of the altar, may see that friend and speak to him. People be lieve this, but very few ever try' the spell. When it comes to the point, ghosts scarcely prove satisfactory; and writing in one’s own blood is father a solemn proceeding,especially in an empty church at midnight. “ One man who had lost his sweetheart did it. They said he saw her, but he bled to death from the wound he gave himself to get the blood, having accidentally severed an artery. “ When I left the town, the custom was spoken of as amongst the things of the past. I left in baste. I had had a quarrel with my cousin Leopold. The quarrel was about a lady I loved. Fritz Wagner told me some thing that made me furious and I challenged Leopold on the spot. We met in the great open clearing in the heart of the pine woods often used before for the same purpose. It was dawn—the pink dawn of summer. I can see him now, stand in", handsome and tall, in the sweet light, his coat off, his sword in his hand. He looked at me reproachfully, but not angrily. I was furious. The word was given. I did my best to wound him. He merely defended himself. Then he lay on the ground at my feet, and my second hurried me away, put on my coat, and dragged me to where a car riage awaited me. “ ‘ Go 1” he said. ‘ The quicker the betterl You have killed your cousin Leopold. This place will not be safe for you. “ The coachman drove furiously. As for me, I was in a sort of dream.i ‘ Had I killed Leopold whom I loved so?’ I asked myself. Then I replied : ‘ Ho deserved it. He de served it. I did well.’ “ The next day I left Germany. 1 oame to Australia. I established myself here. One day, in the midst of the great throng in Col lins Street, I met Fritz Wagner. He looked like a ghost—gray, hollow-cheeked—scarcely more than a skeleton.. “ * You see it,’ be said, as I glanced at him; ‘I am dying. This is my address. Do not come until I send for you ; but when I do, come at once; Swear it.’ “1 My friend,’ I said, ‘ let me come before ! that. Let me help you if I can.’ “ ‘ No,’ he said, ‘ no ; ’ and turned away. •* Turce mouths afterwards a mcsscagsMi came to me at midnight, and said : “ ‘ Fritz Wagner has sent for you.’ ! “ I found him dying, but he had strength to speak. “ ‘ Frederick,’ he said, ‘ I have a confession to make. I lied about Thercse. I was in love with her. 'When I said I saw her kiss Leopold and all the rest, it was true enough ; but the Leopold was her sister’e little baby, named after your cousin. You understood that I meant the man. I took mv oath to tne trum or my statement. For that, I am suffering the torments of, the lost.’ “ With these terrible words on his lips, he '• And now remorse seized me. I suffered agonies when I remembered ray true love, Therese, and my . dear cousin, Leopold. I could not rest. I kuew nothing of the fats of my friends'in Germany, but! resolved at last to return and see Therese, who, if she lived, was forty years old. and beg her for giveness, and to give myself up to the authori ties as my cousin's murderer. This, I fancied, would be an expiation. “I bade adieu, as I believed, to Australia forever, and sailed in the next steamer for my native home. “I travelled many miles over land to reach the village after leaving the ocean. At last I reached it late on the uiglit of astormv summer day. I walked from the station to the hotel, and on rhy way the lightning flashed through the heavens. I pa.ssed a tree I riven from top to root by a recent stroke, and saw at my feet a little dead bird, killed when the great pine was smitten. 14 X stopped and laid it aside on "Lise moss. As I did so a feather fell from its broken wing, and on the instant it occurred to me that this very night was the mystic Meetiim Night, and that it was with the quill of a bird that one wrote the name of the spirit one wished to meet at the altar's foot. I had little faith in the superstition ; but I was in a strange mood, and beyond shone the win dows of the cathedral, open day of night to any worshipper. “I seized" the little quill. I turned my steps toward the sacrecVcd ilice. It was empty. I entered. The lights burn palely, few and far between. I passed up the aisle, and kneeling, took a knife from rav pocket and cut my finger slightly ; then, having pointed the little quill, 1 dipped it in mv blood and wrote the name of Leopold. The thunder rolled overhead as I. did so. The- colors of the {painted windows grew brilliant as the lightning flashed, and then again were dim and dusky. Suddenly I heard a voice breathe my name—‘ Frederick F It came from above. I looked up: In the gallery stood a figure all in black, save for a white band upon its fore head. It had the face of Therese, bur paler, thinner. Its white hands were hers. It stretched them out.towards me, as in greet ing. It waved them in farewell. It was “A spirit had appeared to me—Therese’s spirit. ■ Then she, too, was dead. Still on my knees, powerless to move. I awaited the mysteries of this strange night. Again 1 was accorded a vision. Leopold' stoocf there—a sad, gray Leopold—but 1} knew him. I uttered his name.. lie answered : “‘ Is it Frederick?’ i “ ' Ghost of my friend.’ I replied, ‘ I have returned to make expiation.} Fritz Wagner lied to me, and so I left my.jlovc, and mur dered you. I have discovered the truth. I return to give myself to .justice. You shall be avenged,. dear spirit.. Tray for me in heaven; and forgive me.’ . j *. “The spirit advanced. It smiled. It seized me by>tho hands with a warm, living clasp. . j. ° ‘“I will forgive you,’ he sari. “ God knows I have forgiven ; but as yet L only hope for heaven. I am no ghost, Frederick. You did not kill me. I.recovered in a iittle while. A jealous man is inad - man. l}kuow that. I never ceased to love you.’ j “ He opened his arms. Ifeliinto them. We embraced. 1 • “ ‘ But Therese 1 ’ I said. ' 'gnrely, it was her spirit that I saw.’ ! “ I saw it also;’- lie answered!; ‘ Tceresc is dead to the world. She is a nun in the con vent close at hand. After you had been gone.five years, I asked her to‘marry me ; but she could love but. once.When her' mother died she took, the veil.- On this an niversary the nuns come'to the cathedrafto keep vigil. Ibis is the night I also come. Arid Therese looks down on-me and-smiles. This she esteems; a sin, and expiates with penance; but I live on it the vear tln-omri,. To- night she saw cnlv you. She forgot me. Ah, If rederick, what folly you committed in leaving bef!’ j “ I bowed my heath in contrition, and just at that moment there arose from {the dark gallery thesolt,svfceot esouiiA_ofcWmcR*a-.. voices.-singing without any aecoaipaniincnr.. “Together, standing liaridin hLid, we listened. Then, arm "in arm, wc Ac ft the cathedral. * Y “ 1 returned to Australia soon afterward. Leopold remained behind. Every year he goes to the cathedral at twelve on Meeting Night—every year until the last lie-wrote: ° “ ‘ I have seen her. With her eyes she sent an angel’s love to yon.’ •‘ But last year this is what he wrote: “ ‘ She is dead. I believe that she will be yours in heaven; not mine. But I shall love her through eternity.” Shrewd Mrs. Penuclde-—“ I didn’t al. ways plough the earth for a! living,” said Farmer Penuckle. “ I was onie a wine mer chant’s clerk in Melbourne.' I riarried young, and my wife, who is sitting there now, with the reputation of being as good a farmer’s wife as there is in the country] made just as good a mate for a hard-up cle-k then. Like many young couples wc had purchased furni ture in instalments, and we vrare not able to pay all the sums as they fell due. Every thing seemed to be going agahst us, and our liltle girl was sick. When I ci'me borne early one Saturday afternoon and found crape hanging to my door bell. heart was in my mouth and tears choked u'e as I met my wife. 1 “ ‘ So dear little Minnie is tone 1 ’ I said. “ ‘ Minnie gone! ’ said ray vife. ‘ Oh, no. But the broker’s man will ie round -in a minute to seize the furniture,and I thought possibly the crape might cheer him.’ “It checked him. He halt-B his waggons dozen yards away, walked on iip-toe to the door, examined the crape, aid went softly away, afraid, apparently, ihat some one might hear. him. Minnie recovered, and a few days afterwards I seraicd up enough money to pay the bill, but I haven’t bought anything on instalments sinci." Fortune in the Teacm-—Here are a few “ old women's signs ” f<r you, girls: If single persons happen to lia\e "two spoons in their cup, it is a sign that they will figure prominently at a wedding before the year is out. If you put milk or cnam in your tc-a before the sugar, it will “cross your love.” If a tea-stalk floats in the cip. it is ealled “ a beau.” Unmarried ladies, wfen this happens, should stir their tea round Iriskly, and then plant the spoon uprightlyril-tbe cup,holding ft quite st.ill with the finueik If the “beau” in its gyrations is attractedto the spoon, and clings to it, the “ bean ” will be certain to come that evening. If the sides of the cup attract, the “ bean ” will ao't come. We may observe that it depends upon the slate of the atmosphere whether the'tea-stalk is attracted to Fie middle or the sides of the cup. It iff a sign of fair weather if the cluster of small air bubbles, which usually] arise aEter the sugar has been put in. collect themselves and remain in the centre of the} cup. The con trary when they straggle to [the sides—it will certainly rain in a few hours. 