TRAVELS IN JAPAN. Br Lafcadio Brash. A PILGRIMAGE TO ENOSHIMA. A winding path shaded by over arohing trees leads from this plateau to the third shrine. We pass a torii, and beyond it come to a stone monu ment covered with figures of monkcye chiselled in relief. What the signification of this monumont is even our guide cannot explain,. Then another torii. It is of wood ; but I am told it replaces one of metal, stolen in the night by thieves. Marvellous thieves 1 That torii must have weighed at least a ton. More stone lauterns ; then nn immenso court on tho very summit of the mountain, and there in its midst the third and ohief temple of Benten. And before the templo is a largo vacant space, surrounded by a fence in such manner ns to render the shrine totally inaccessible. Vanity and voxa- tion of spirit 1 There is, however, a sort of minor shrine — with nothing in it but a money box and a bell — beforo tho fence, and fscing tho distant temple sieps. Hero tbo pilgrims mane tucir otterings and their prayers. Only a small raised platform, covered with a Chineso roof, supported upon four plain posts, tho back of the struoture being closed by a lattice about breast high. From this praying station we can look into the temple of Bontou, and see that Benten is not there. Verily Shinto lovoth delusions ! But looking overhoad I poiceive that the ceiling is arranged in' caissons, and in a central caisson I discover a very curious painting — an admirably foreshortened tortoise, gazing down at me. And while I . am looking at it I hear Akira and tho guide laughing, and the latter oxelaims "Bonton-Sanra." A beautiful little damask ennko is undulating up the lattice work, poking its head through betimes to look at us. It does not seem in the least afraid, nor has it much reason to bo, seeing that its kind aro deemed the servants and oonfidants of Bonten. Sometimes the great goddess herself assumes the serpent form ; perhaps she has come to see us. ' Hear by is a singular stone, sot on a pedestal in the court. It has the form of the body of a tortoise, and markings liko those of tho cren- turo's shell ; and it is held a sacred thing, and is called tho Tortoise Stone. But I foar exceed- inslv thftf. in nil this nlnnn wa olirill firwl nothiug save stones and serpents ! ' Now we aro going to visit tbe Dragon Cavern, not so called, Akira says, because the Dragon of Benten ever dwelt therein, but because the shape of the oavern is the shape of a dragon. The path doscends toward tho opposito side of the island, and suddenly breaks into flights of stops out out of tho pale hard rook, exceedingly steep, and worn, and Blippery and perilous, overlooking tho sea. A vision of low pale rocks and surf bursting among thora, and a toro or votive stone lamp in the centre of them — all soon as in a bird's eye view ovor tbe verge of an awful precipice. I Bee also deep holes in one of the rocks. There used to be a tea house bolow ; and tho wooden pillars supporting it wero fitted into those boles. I descend with caution ; the Japanese seldom slip in their straw sandals, but I can only pro ceed with tho aid of the guide. At almost every stop I slip. Suroly these steps could never have been thus worn away by the straw sandals of pilgrims who came to see only stones and ser pents I There must havo been wondrous attrac tions here At last wo reach a plank gallery carried along tho face of tho oliff above tbe rooks and pools, and following it round a projeotioa of the cliff, enter the sacred cave. Tbo light dims as we advance, and the sea waves, running after us into the gloom, make n stupefying thunder, multiplied by tho extraordinary echo. Looking back I see the mouth of the cavern like a pro digious sharply-angled rent in absolute black ness showing a fragment of azure sky. We reach a shrino with no deity in it, pay a fee, and lamps being lighted and given to each of .us wo start to explore a scries of under ground passages. So black they are that even with the light of three lamps I can at first Bee nothing. In a while, however, lean distinguish stono figures in relief, chiselled on slabs almost precisoly like those in Buddhist grave yards. These are placed nt regular intervals along tho rocky walls. The priest approaches his light to the face of eaoh one, and utters a namo, "Dai- kokuSama," "FudoSama,""Kwaanon Sama." Sometimes in lieu of a statue there is an empty shrine only, with a money box before it; and these void shrines have names— Daijingu, H&chimau;, Inari-Sama All the statues aro black, or seem black in the' yellow lamp light, and Bparklo strangely, as if frosted saltpetre. I feel as if I 'were in some mortuary pit — some subterranean burial plaoo of dead gods. Interminable the oorridor appears, yet there is at last an end — an end with a shrine in it — where the rocky ceiling descends so low that to reaoh tho shrino one must .go down on hands and knees. And there is nothing in the shrine. This is tho Tail of the Dragon. We do not roturn to the light at once, but enter into other lateral black corridors— tho Wings of the Dragon. More sable cifigies of dispossessed gods, more empty shrines, more weird stone faces covered with saltpetre, and more money boxes, possible only to reach by stooping, where more offerings must be inado. And thoro 1b no Benten — either of wood or stono. I am glad to return to the light. Here our guide strips naked, and suddenly leaps head foremost Into a black, deep, wbiiling current between rocks. Five minutes later he re appears, and clamboring out, lays at my feet, a living, squirming sea Bnail and An enormous living shrimp. Then ho resumes his robe, and we roascend the mountain. "And this," the roader may say, "this is all that you went forth to seo- a torii, some shells, a small damask Bnakc, some stoneB ?" It is true. And nevertheless I know that I am bewitched. There is & charm indefinable about tho plaee — that sort of charm whioh comos with a little ghostly thrill most exquisite, most unfamiliar, never to bo forgotten — often, doubtless, to be revived in dreams. Not of strango sights alono is this charm made, but of uumberiess subtle soosations and ideas intorwoven and interblended ; the sweet, sharp scents of grove and sea ; tho blood brightening, vivifying touoh of tho free windj the dumb appeal of anoient, mystic, mossy things ; vaguo reverence evoked by knowledge of treading soil called holy for 1000 years; and a souse of sympathy, as a human duty, compelled by the vision of countless steps of rook worn down into shapelcssness by the pilgrim feet of vanished generations. And other memories ineffaceable. The first sight of the seagirt City of Pearl through a fairy veil of faint blue haze, tbe windy approach to the lovely island over the velvety, soundless brown stretch of sand, tho weird majesty of the giant gate of bronze, the queer high, sloping, fantastio, quaintly gablod street, flinging down sharp shadows of aerial balconies, the flutter of colored draperies in the sea wind, and of flags with their riddles of lettering, tho pearly glim mering of the astonishing shops. And impressions of the enormous day — tho day of tho land of the gods — a loftier day than over our summers know, and tho glory of the view from thoso green sacred silent heights between sea and sun ; and the remembrance of tbe sky, a sky spiritual as holiness, & sky with clouds ghost pure and white as tho light itself, seeming, indeed, not clouds but dreams, or soula of Bodhisativus about to melt forever into sorao Biuo Nirvana. And the romance of Bonten, too, tho deity of Beauty, the Divinity of Love, the Goddess of Eloquonco Rightly is she likewise named Goddess of the I Sea. For is not tho sea most ancient and mo3t | excellent of speakers — tho eternal poet, chanter of thatmystichymn whose mighty rhythm shakes the world — whose awful syllables no man may learn ? And tho groat sea iB thine, weird goddess — and tho voice thereof ; thine the song of storms — and the muttering and whispering of tho great deep — and tho white speech of tho p.urf on tho rooks — and tho thunder of tho caverns. "We return by another route. For a while tho way is through some long narrow winding valley between superbly wooded hills ; the whole ex tent of bottomland is occupied by rioe farms; tho air has a humid coolness, and one hears only tho chanting of frogs, liko a clattering of count less castanets, as the jinrikisha jolts ovor the rugged elevated paths separating tho flooded rice fields. As we skirt the foot of a wooded hill upon tho right my Japanoso comrade signals to our run ners to halt, and himself dismounting, points to tbe blue peaked roof of a little temple, high perehed on the green slope. " Is it really ' worth while to climb up there in the sun?' I wt " Oh, yes 1 " he answers, " it is the temple of Klshibojin " . . Krehibojin, the Mother of Demons ! "Wo oscond a flight of broad stone steps, moot the Buddhist guardian lionB at the summit, and enter the little court in which the templo stands, A kindly faced JopaneBo woman, with a pretty child clinging to her robes, comes from tho Adjoining building to open the screens for us, and taking off our shoes we enter the shrino. Without tho edifice looked old and dingy, but within all is neat and pretty. The Jund sun, pouring through tho open shojis, illuminates a charming confusion of brasses graeofnlly shaped, and multi colored things — images, lan terns, paintings, gilded inscriptions, pendant scrolls. There are three altars. Above the central altar Amida Buddha sits enthroned on his mystio golden lotos in fchoatti- tudo of tho toacher. On the altar to the right gleams a shrine of five miniature golden steps, whero pretty imagos are placed in rows— tior above tier— sorao seated, some erect, malo and femalo, attired like goddesses or liko daimios — the Sanjin-banjin or 30 guardians. Below, on the facade of the altar, is the figure of a hero slaying a monster. On tho altar to the loft is the shrine of tbo Mobbor of Demons. Her story is a legend of horror. For somo rin oommitted in a previous birth, she was re born a demon — devouring human flesh. Even her own children wcro among her victims. But being saved by the teaching of Buddha, she be came a divine boing, especially loving and pro tecting all ehildren ; and Japanese mothers pray to her for their little ones, and wives pray to her for beautiful boys. woman, but hor eyos aro weird. She stands upon a gilded pedestal. Her raiment and her coiffure are notas those of other female divinities ; they have the quaintness of the design of pri mitive Japanese art. In ho'r right hand she bears a lotos blossom, with her left she supports in a fold of her robe, against her half veiled breast, a pretty naked baby. At tho foot of her shrino stands Jizo-Satna, leaning upon his shakujo . But the altar and its. images do not form the startling feature of the temple in terior. What impresses the visitor in & totally novel and charming way are the votivo offer ings. High before the shrine, suspended from Btrings stretched taut between tall poles of bamboo, are scores — no, hundreds — of pretty tiny dresses, Japanese baby dresses of many oolors. Most aro mado of poor material, for these aro the thank offerings of very poor pure hearted simple women — poor country mothers whose prayers to Kishibojia for tbo blessing of children have been hoard. And gazing stall those dear little naif dresses, shaped and sown by. doolie pationt fingers of bumble mothers — thrilled at thoir task by the holiest, Bwoetest feeling given the human heart to know — I seem to discern as nevor bofore the universal beauty of 4 that mother's love whioh first brought all goodness, all truth, all unselfishness Into tho world, und each of those small artless dresses tells me so inno oently of a great pain aud a great joy, that tho tondorness of all tho simple gentle hearts which thus testified to faith and thankfulness seems to interpenetrate my owu, and fill it with such fulness that I am almost afraid to look any more. But now I know this deity to whom mothers pray — in India called Harite— and I shall always love her for their sake, this Kishl bojin of the weird eyes. Then, having traversed tho valley, we reach a main road so level, and so magnificently shaded by hugo old trees, that I could believe mysolf iu an English lane — a lane in Kent or Surrey, per- haps — but for somo exotic detail breaking the illusion at intervals a torii, towering before templo Bteps descending to tho highway, or a signboard lettered with Chinese characters, or tho wayside shrine of Bome unknown God. All at once I observe by the roadside some totally unfamiliar sculptures in re lief — a row of ohiselled slabs pro tected by a little bamboo Bhed; and I dismount to look at them, supposing them to be funereal monument. Thoy are so old that the liues of their sculpturing are half oblite rated ; their feet are covered with moss, and their visages are half effaced. But I can discern that these are not hakas, but six images of the same divinity ; and my guide knows him — Kos- tim, the God of Roads. So chipped and covered rfvith sourf ho is, that tho suporior p ortion of his form has become indefinitely vague ; his attri- ' butes have been worn away. But below his feet, on several slabs, chiselled cunningly, I cau still distinguish the figures of the Three Apos, hi 8 symbolisms and messengers. Aud some piouB soul has left beforo ono image a humble votive offering — the pioture of & black eook and a white hen, painted upon a wooden shingle. It must have been left here very long ago ; tho wood has become almost black, and the painting has. been grievously damaged by weather and by tbe droppings of birds. There are no stones piled at the -feet of these images, as bofore the images of Jizo ; they seem liko things forgotten, crusted over by tho negleot of generations — poor simple, kindly gods who have lost their worshippers. But my guide tells me, " Tho Temple of Koshin is near, in the vill&go; of Fujisawa." Assuredly I must visit it. The Temple of Koshin is situated in the heart of tho village — in a eourt opening upon tho main street. A very quaint wooden temple it is— unpainted, dilapidated, grey with the grey- ness of all forgotten and woatherbeaten things. It is some time before the guardian of tho temple oan be found, to open the doors. For this temple has doors in lieu of s/ioje's— old doors that moan sleepily at being turned upon thoir ancient hinges. And it is not necessary to remove one's shoes ; tho floor is matless, deeply covered with dust, and squeaks under the unaccustomed weight of entering feet. All within is crumbling, mouldering, worn ; the shrine has no image — only Shinto embloms — some poor paper lanterns whose once bright colors have vanished under a coating of dust — some vaguo inscriptions. I see the circu lar frame of a metal mirror, but the mirror itself is gone. "Whither? The guardian says " No priest lives now in this temple ; nnd thieves might come in the night to steal the mirror; so we havo hidden it away." I ask about tho image of Koshin. He answers— It is exposed onco in evory 61 years — so I cannot see it ; but there arc other images of the god in tho temple- court. I go to look at them, a row of images, much like those upon . the pubiio highway, but better preserved. One figure of Koshin, however, ia different from the otherB I have seon, ap parently made after some Hindoo model, judg ing from the Indian coiffure, mitre shaped and lofty. Tho god has three eyes, one in the centre of his forehead, opening perpendicularly instead of horizontally. He 1ms bIx arms. With ono hand he supports a monkey, with another he grasps a serficnt, aud tho other- hands hold out symbolic things— a wheel, a sword, a rosary, a sceptre. And serpents are coiled about his wrists and about his ankles, and under his feet is a monstrous head— the head of the demon Amanjako, sometimes called Utatesa ("Sadness"). Upon the pedestal bolow the Throo Apes aro carved, and tho face of on ape appears also upon the front of his tiara. . I see also tablets of stone, graven only with tho god's name— votive offerings. And near by, in q tiny wooden shrine, is tho figure of tho earth gotl — Ken-ro-ji-jin, grey, primeval, vaguely wrought, holding in one hand a spear, in the other a dish of something indistinguishable. Perhaps to uninitiated eyes theso many- headed, many-handed gods at first may seem — as they seemV&lwayH; in tho sight of Christian bigotry — ouly monstrous, despite tho strange indubitable art which shaped them. But when the knowledgo of their meaning comes to one whose heart fools the divine in all religions, then they will bo bound to make appeal to the higher rcstheticism, to the soul-sense of moral beauty, with a forco never to be divined by minds knowing nothing of tho Orient nnd its thought. To mo tbo image of Kwaunon of the Thousand Hands is not less admirable than any representation of human loveliness idealisnd bearing her namo— the Peer less, the Majestic, tho Peace Giving, or 'even White Sui-Getsu, who sails the moonlit waters in her fairy bark made of a single rosy lotos petal — and in the triple headed Sbnka I discern and revere the mighty power of that Truth, whereby, as by n conjunction of Suns, the Three Worlds have been illuminated. But vain to seek to memorise the names and attributes of all tho gods ; they seem self multiplying to mock tho seeker — Kwannon the Real, transformed, becomes the Hundred Kwannons — the six Jizo become the thousand. And forever, as they multiply before research, they vary and oh≱ less multiform, ''less complex, loss olusivo tho moving of waters than the visions of this Oriontal faith. Into it, as into a fathomless sea, mythology after mythology from India and China and the further East has sunk and been absorbed; and the stranger, peering into Its deeps, finds himself, as in the tale of Undine, con templating a flood in whoso overy surge rises and vaniahos a faco— weird or beautiful or ter rible — a most ancient, shoreless sea of forms in comprehensibly interchanging and interming ling, but symbolising wondrously the Protean magio of that infinito Unknown that thrills and shapes and rosliapes for ever &U; eosmio boing. I wonder if I can buy a pioture of Koshin. In most Japanoso temples littlo pictures of the tutelar deity are sold to pilgrims— cheap prints on rice paper. But tho templo guardian hero tells me, with a gesture of despair, that there are no pictures of Koshin for salo ; there is only an old Kakemono on whi eh tho god is represented. If I would like to soe it, he will go home and got it for me. I bog him to do mo the favor, and he hurries into the street. While awaiting his return I continue to examine tho na'ivo old statues, and a feoling indescribable, partly of pleasure, partly of melancholy, thrills mo from head to foot. You who have studied some anoient faith only through the InborB of paleographers and archo:- ologists, you do not know what it moans to find the samo mythology a vital pArt of one's human environment, to feel that it is alive all around you, even though senescent as the faith of Koshin. Such a sensation comes to him who makes this discovery as ono might feel upon sud denly awaking from tho dream of the present to find onesolf in the antique world, at Eleusis or at Pompeii upon a festal day. And qunint Ortd« «f and Ond of I Earth aro really living still, though so worn and mossed nnd foobly worshipped. Pan is not quite dead ; he lias still a homo ,ln the Land of the Gods — in Hiunmoto, tho country of the Rising of tho Sun. For a moment, at loast, I am surely in the Elder World — perhaps just at that opooh of it when tho primal faith is growing a little old fashioned, crumbling slowly beforo tho corrosive influence of a new philo sophy ; and I kuow myself a pagan stili, loving theso dear simple fooliBh old godB — these gods of a people's childhood. And they need somo limnan love, theso naif, innoceut, ugly gods. The beautiful divinities will live for ever by tho magio of their immoitai grace, by that sweetness of womanhood idealised in the tender art of them. Eternal are Kwaunon and Beaten ; tliey need no hoip of man; they will compel roverenoe when tho great temples shall all have beoome voiceless and priestless as this shrine of Koshin is. But these kind, quoer, artless mouldering gods, who have given ease to so many troubled minds, who have gladdened so many simple hearts, who have heard so many innocent prayers, how gladly would I prolong thoir beneficent livos even by tho saorifiee of my own ! Tho guardian returns, bringing with him a Kakemono, yory small, very dusty, and so yollow stained by time that it might be 1000 years old. But I am disappointed as I unroll it ; there is only a very common print of the god within, all outline. And while I am looking at it, I becomo for the first time oonsciouB that a crowd has gathered about mo- tanned kindly faced lnborors, with thoir babies on their backs, and sobool children, aud jinrikisha men — all wondering that a stranger should be thus interested in their gods. Aud although tho pressuro about mo is very, very gentle— like a pressure of tepid water for gontleness — I feel a littlo embarrassed. I givo back the old Kakemono to the guardian, make my offering to the God, and take my leave of Koshin and his good servant. All the kind obliquo eyes follow me &s; I go. And something like a feeling of remorse seizes me — a Vague unreasoning remorse at thus abruptly abandoning tho void, dusty, crumbling temple, with its mlrrorlcss altar and its colorless lanterns and the decaying sculp tures of its neglected court, and its kindly guardian whom I see still WAtch- iug my retreating stops) with tho yellow Kakemono in his hand. The whistle of a loco- motivo warns me that I will just have timo to catoli a train. "Western civilisation has invaded all this primitive peace, with its webs of steel, with its ways of iron. This is not of thy roads, O Koshin ! The old gods are dying along its ash strewn verge. But I will como book to thee again, dear KoBhin, I will bring an offering to thy shriiih ; mako thou tho rough parts smooth for me; keep from my way the ser pents. 