Remarkable Rescue From a Mine. A VIENA message of July 24 said: -The three miners who were rescued on Thursday last from the Emeran coal mine, near Bilin, in Northern Bohemia, where they had been en tombed for 17 days without food, are progressing as favourably as could be expected, and although almost reduced to skeletons they will, in the doctor's opinion, eventually recover entirely from the effects of their terrible pri vations. The names of the men are Jacob Sotta, Franz Makelik, and Heinrich Horak. They have given the following nar. rative of their experiences:-When on the 4th instant the mass of sand fell into the pit in which they were working and blocked the means of exit, they immediately began to cut their way out with their pickaxes, and had succeeded in working through 26 .yards of sand before they-fell back exhausted by their efforts. They then abandoned all hope of rescue, but managed to keep themselves alive by drinking the pure cold water which filtered through the sand at a par. ticular part of the shaft end. They also ate their pipes and tobacco pouches to allay their hunger. At length, at 9 o'clock on the 17th day of their entombment, Horak, who was the strongest of the three men, was crawling along the pit's bottom to procure water for himself and his companions, when he fell to the earth completely exhausted. The fall, how ever, was a fortunate one. As he lay with his face close to the ground, Horak espied a light which came through a tiny hole made by a party of pitmen working in another quarter of the mine. He managed to shout for help, and the superstitious miners, hearing his smothered cries, and fearing the pre sence of ghosts, fled in terror. Their foreman, who was more sensible, re mained, and calling back the men, succeeded in calming their fears and in forming a rescue party, with the result that after two hours' hard work the ,entombed miners were saved. They became unconscious on reaching the surface. The greatest excitement prevailed at Bilin when the news reached the town, and crowds of people hurried to the pit's mouth, shouting '"They are alive !" "They are alive !" 