' THE MASTER of MOYNA I Fop Love's Sweet Sake. CHAPTER XL. — (Continued.) i "Ruby" — the girl was on her knees once more bosidethebed, both her hands clasping Ruby's, and her eyes plead- ' ing witli intense pathetic wistfulness — " Ruby, it wasn't wicked to write that letter — not wicked, dear. It . was only begging a little help from — j from an excessive abundance — help that would not havo been missed. Oh, my darling, just listen 1 It was 110 harm — no crime !" "Jolette," whispered her sister, in . intense and sudden nervousness, "listen ! Someone i3 tapping. Don't be so strange, dear. Get up. Who is it ?" " How's this ?" inquired the cheery, ihough subdued, voice of Doctor Pare, when Jolette opened the door to him. "An invalid, eh? I heard ; so in Helstone to-day. I heard that ! Miss Johnson had been sent for, to ' see Miss Carhilton, who is ill ; so I came round' — I'm going to stay the night with Dion — in alarm. Now what is it ? Is it a case for me or my1, partner? You know who that is, Miss Johnson? It's Jen nifer. Sho declares all the skill of the firm is hers. Sho once cured a patient of mine with blackberry jam ; and she has led me a martyr's life ever' since. Well, what is it now? Indi gestion or hoart-diseaso ?" The doctor spoke in his quiet, humorous way, as if no reall illness i were near him, yet Jolette could see that he had come to the castle in most 1' real and benevolent anxiety, and that no one had undeceived him as to Ruby's illness, while she know that this gentlo cheeriness was usual with him when he thought himself in the presence of real suffering. After her grateful reception of his : greeting — greeting because considera tion for Ruby had brought him round to the house of the man he disliked — she stepped back into the shadow, but but not in time, for the shrewd little doctor had noted her pale cheeks, and so acutely felt with her that it made his after-anger all tho greater. He was looking down straight into Ruby's ' face, with the keen practised eye of a clever physician, when Mr. Hardress titter broke the silence. " What do you mean, sir 1" was the i doctor's stern inquiry, as he turned sharply round to face the old man. | "When I told you I had come round | to see your niece, hearing she was ill, :! you brought me to this room yourself. ! J don't say your laugh now is-unseemly, ji , for I say more, sir — I say your j; conduct before the laugh was unseemly too. Your niece is nervous and | , exoited — hysterical almost — but not i ' ill. I have no right to inquire the j i motive of your fraud; but I doubt | whether every ono enjoys it so much as ji « you yourself so evidently do. You 'I have effected your purpose, no doubt; j; a man generally does who is not over s' 1 scrupulous or conscientious as to the j; means houses." j j " Oh, I succeeded !" rejoined Mr. tj Hardress, with his creaky chuckle. "My projects never fail. They're not \ like your prescriptions, Dare. I manage < to do what I caro to do." (! " I hope," was the doctor's stern and '! ohill reply, " that you will manage to make your peace with heaven while :> you havo yob time to do so. Miss ;i Jolette" — with a change of voice and jj expression Doctor Dare turned to Jolette — "tho word of a medical man j! is always reassuring; there's nothing ; y ' to make you anxious ; and I prescribe plenty of fresh air — for you both, j : Your sister has won you back; and jjj wo will not quarrol now with the j means used. Sir Piers Tresillyan told :j : mo your real name ; and so I make bold to use it. If he had not, Mr. Hardress has let it out to-day ; but I am not i voracious in picking up your uncle's : scraps of information, for they are '' generally hot in the mouth. Now, Miss Carhilton, you are ready for Bupper, are you not? I would have gone frankly to your sister though, if jj I'd been you, and won her back with ( honest pleading. I remember, a few j days after tho Schiller was wreoked, a girl's body coming ashore at Newlyn. Sho rode in on a life- presorver, two days after tho wreck, upright and calm and protty, dressed beauti fully too, with bare jow oiled arms, her dress tolling tho tale of merri ment- and gaiety when that last awful moment broke upon her. I couldn't help hoping, as I mot tho sad, sad sight, that she hadn't met her Creator with what girls often think a harmloss little fib upon her lips, laughing 'that night, and thinking only of her own small schomcs, but that bravely and purely in that awful solitude sho could look up to the Heaven that was so near. her' then. Now, I must hasten on to tho Rock. Tho way is long, tho wind is cold — oh, Miss John son? The minstrel, though infirm, is bold. Now, Mr. Hardress, I'm off. I'm glad your pure appreciation of a jest permitted you to bring mo up stairs to sco my error, and has given you such enjoymont while I've been here." "You don't often givo m'e enjoy ment, do yo ?" inquired Mr. Hardress, with his hard grin. " I never hear much to laugh at in your conversation, Dare. Good night. I'll keep, my. spirits up till you come again ; and so will tho girls, no doubt. They've both got my blood in thorn. Iris, come here. Ybu'ro pretty glad you are to bo at homo with your own uncle?" "Mr. Hardress," said Jolette, paus ing beside hiru, after having said good bye to Doctor Daro and gone with him through the outer room, " I camo back because Ruby summoned me, and I will stay if you lot me, becauso Ruby wishes it. Don't misunderstand me, please. I told you in Penxance that I would not come, and you used the — the only means that could have brought me. I will try to forget that, and we can be as — we were before. But I never shall call you ' uncle,' nor think of you dillorently from what I did before, and I havo no need to remind you what I thought of you before I wont away. Now we understand each other." "Do we?" snapped Mr. Hardress. "We'll waitandsee. Girls' tempers are' soon broken by those who understand girls. I'll let you off to-night — for you look like a twopenny china figuro, without a spark of life or color — to go to bed, child, and in the morning you'll, have more sense and look more human. Your eyes havn't lost that old trick of staring. What'll Bayno say to-mor row to such a ghost ? I can tell you, Iris, you'd nearly worn out the patience of that exemplary young man." " I have nothing to say to Mr. Bayno to-morrow or any other day," Jolette replied, in cold quiet tones. But, though sho said it with such firmness, the old man delighting in her haughtiness because it did not touch himself, she took advantage of Ruby's supposed convalescence to stay with her upstairs, and there was something childishly pathetic in the way that through that first week after her return to Castle Moyna tho brave and fearless nature clung to tho weaker one. It was soon talked of all through the castle, being such a contrast to tho old ways of Miss Johnson, who hnd been so fond of running off alone, so frank and independent with Mr. Har dress, so bright with Miss Carhilton, so indifferent and cool to Mr. Bayne, and so full of fun with Dr. Dare. But when Ruby was released from her imprisonment and felt she might show herself downstairs without ex citing wonder among tho servants, whose alarm about her illness had been encouraged, Jolette could not always be at her side ; and so at last, though not until nearly a week after she had returned, and on the very day he was to leave tho castle, Mr. Bayne found her alone in the amber room, and went up to her eagerly with the smile that brought Portia so instantly to her remembrance. " Your avoidance of me, Miss Jolette Carhilton," he said, "has beer, rather marked during the last few days. But I have not been surprised ; and" — in soft and suave tones — "I havo been as forbearing as possible, quite understanding this new humor of reserve and — may I add? — timidity. But to-day, as 1" am to leave you for a time, you cannot be surprised that I have sought you, to say a few words. You know — yet" — with a deprecating characteristic gesture — "why should you know, when you have allowed me no opportunity of telling you? — that I am working indefatigably — and may I add unselfishly ? — to com pass the return of your cousin, now that I am happily assured his return is feasible, and that he runs no risk of accusation. I will not weary in this task, Miss Carhilton, if you will promise to receive me differently when my task — I may say my labor of love \- — is accomplished." J oletto had been sewing when Mr. Bayne effected his quiet and insidious entrance, and she had not stayed her task for a moment or looked up. "You understand me, Miss Carhil ton ?" he asked, in his calm mollifying tones. " I understand you," she said with unmoved quietness. " It is always easy to understand you." " What I wish you to understand, Miss Carhilton," he went on, " is that only becauso it may make you happy canlrelinquishmyown hopes and ambi tion, and sacrifico myself to secure your felicity. That motive is sufficient, but nothing less ; and, if the return to you of your absent cousin will ensure your lifelong bliss, I will accomplish it. If not " "You speak with strange assurance, Mr. Bayne," said Jolette, as she went on working. Have you always been as positive about the result of your ' cases ' ?'' "Where you are concerned," he answered glibly — and sho did not see the mortified color that crept up his face — " and I ain serving you, -no light thing shall turn me from success ; and, and when I come back to Castle Moyna, I promise you I will bring you news of Victor Hardress." "Thank you," Jolette said. And her quiet simplicity baffled bim as he had scarce been baffled yet. " I am grieved to go,1' ho went on, with a great effort to conclude the in- terview in a confident and airv man ner, "and would not do so, now that you , havo just brightened us by your i presence, if I were not obliged to meqt a barrister in Plymouth to morrow morning. I could say to-day, like Nelson, 1 1 hate Plymouth.' But I will return in all haste, though not — let me assure you of this, Miss Car hilton— not until I come with tidings, which shall .bring relief to you and disburden your mind of all anxiety, bringing tho bright tints of health back to those pale cheeks. Then I think — knowing yourconscientious and equitable nature, Miss Carhilton, . I may even say I feel sure — you will re ward me by a kind word or glance. I will ask for nothing more. You must own — you, being so generous, willgener- ously own — that I am notoxncting,and havo not troubled or intruded upon you — yet. If Victor Hardress comes to claim you I shall turn sadly, but not selfishly, to my solitary life and work. But, if he doos not, I may hope ' " Mr. Bayne," put in Jolette, with gentle coldness, " I am very sorry that your private affairs have no interest for me. Don't waste your time in discussing them. When Victor Har dress returns you can toll him all tho exortions you have made on his behalf. Perhaps ho himself will aid you in re calling some of them — for instance, the search at tho Mine Houso and Penalo's cottage, and then your personal search of Sir Piers Tresillyan's yacht." " Those things were done as matters of duty to my client," replied Mr. Bayne, calmly setting aside such trifles, " and I am sure Victor Hardress will understand all that on his return, about which I shall soon havo news to bring you. A friend of my sister's is married in— abroad, and she has heard of Victor. I have asked my sister to win me further information to guide me." "Portia?" inquired Jolette, tran quilly, as she worked on; but Mr. Bayne was observant by nature as well ' as education, and missed neither the cold, indifferent utterance of his sister's name nor that brief troubled glance1 when ho had mentioned her having heard of Victor. "My sister Portia," he answered, smiling, and advancing to shake hands now, because ho saw it would be wise to leave her at this crisis instead of exacting tho further ten minutes which were all his approaching departure would allow him. " You remember my sister Portia, Miss Carhilton ? You were friends at Miss Kennedy's." "Scarcely friends," corrected Jo lette, with simple honesty. " I liked Portia least of all my schoolfellows, and she liked me least of all hers." "How strange!" he said. "And yet " — with a shrug of his shoulders — " it is not incomprehensible to me. The girl is mother to the woman, if you will pardon my paraphrase of the poet," " It is not worth while discussing it," observed Jolotte, coolly accepting his parting handshake ; but I feel quite sure you do not comprehend, else you would understand my feeling for you who are so like her, and you would scoff at almost everything I say — as she always did." When he was gone, Jolette sat down beside the open window, with an apparent forgetfulness of tho work which had engrossed her during his visit. For the first time since her return to Castle Moyna she felt that she could breathe freely, and could even take up the old life with patience — until Victor should come. At that thought -her eyes went wistfully far off above the sea. It had been such a long and grievous exile for Victor, and — for her sake ! CHAPTER XLI. The days passed slowly on at Castle Moyna. Old ' Mr. Hard ress, after Jolette's return, regained the spiteful sprightliness which had distinguished him before her disappearance; and, though he could not always resist" the temptation of a taunt about her being thrown back upon him again as her best friend, he never clung long at a time to this delight, in his fear of her contempt taking an active form, and his once more missing hervoiceand step and laughter in tho house. Ho noticed that he heard them all more rarely now than in tho old times, though he could scarcely call her changed in any way ; for the change in her was too subtle not to elude his clumsy handling when he tried to explain it. Even Ruby could only vaguely and partially understand tho chango in hor sister, so perfect and so patient was J olette's solf-forgotful- ness. So tho days went on. There wa3 nothing noticeable in Sir Piers Tresillyan's avoidance of Jolette, for he still cameto the castle now and then, and still seemed anxious to givo tho girls any pleasure he could, and rcliove the monotony, of their constant intercourse with Mr. Hardress. And no one could detect any difference between his manner to tho sisters — no ono at least of tho castle inmates — and no ono ever saw those quiet manly struggles with himself from which, though they left their mark upon tho brave and patient face, he went always on his bright un selfish way again — the victor. Mr. Ward was still at business, as was . evident by his frequent business despatches to Mr. Hardress, and Ruby rarely spoke of him to her sister, though J oletto was always aware how willingly' she listened when Mr. Hardress made Jolette read these dry despatches to him. It was always Jolette whom the old man summoned to open the letter-bag, and so sho would havoseen if Mr. Hardress' partner had ever written to Ruby, but ho never did. Sometimes there came a letter for Miss Carhilton in a writing that was strange to Jolette, but it was a lady's hand, and Jolette never wondered oven those letters, for had not Ruby jtold ber uncle on that morn ing when they drove "to" Kynan'ce that many girls wrote to her whom sho had " mot" at different houses ? Old Doctor Dare and his sister were indescribably considerate for the girls and kindly hospitable and cheering, and it was always one of Jolette's truest pleasures to go over to the Rock, especially on a Sunday, though it was chiefly a solitary pleasure then, Ruby being too friendly with Miss Mellings to run the risk of hurting her feelings, she said. Jolette, however, always longing for her sister's company, would wistfully remind her it could not do so, because Mr. Mellings never had an afternoon service at Moyna. (to he continued. ) 