glfflttgentente* GERMAN CLUB. A highly successful theatrical performance entitled "The Sword of Damocles, was given at the German Club by members of the institution. This was followed by a ball in which a large number participated, and which terminated in the early hours of the morning. The whole was under the management of the new Amusement Committee. ST. VINCENT DE PAUL'S ORPHANAGE BAZAAR. -This bazaar, which has been open in the Town Hall for a week, closed on Tuesday evening, May 24. The attendance in the evening was very large, indeed one could only move about the room with difficulty. The principals in charge of the various stalls were kept busy, while the attendants materially helped on the good work by their persistent and suocesaful attempts to do business. Daring the evening songs and duets were contributed by members of the Cathedral Choir—Mrs.' Geach, Misses Korff, Hines, Young, Cook, and Morrissey, and Mr. W, Mclnerney. At half-paat 9 Dr. O'Connell announced thataSpecialCommittee, consisting of Messrs. L. O'Loughlin, M.P., A. MacDonald, and J. McGanr, had been appointed to supervise the drawing for the art union prizes. In all seventy prizes were a'lotU d, Dr. O'Connell announcing the numbers as they were drawn. Some of the prizes weie very pretty, one worth noticing being a Japanese table, on which are beautifully worked emblems of the owl, Irish wclfdog, and shamrocks. Hie result of the undertaking has far surpassed the expectations entertained for its success, and the eoncmittee and all those who have worked so hard for the cause are to be congratulated on bringing about this splendid result. As is usual in every bazaar there are some things' left over. It has not been decided what to do with them, but a proposal has been guide that they should form the nucleus of another bazaar for the Orphanage. DBAWING-BOOH" EKTEBTAINMENT. — A somewhat novel and highly successful'' Drawing-room entertainment" was given in connection with the Archer-Btreet Wesleyan Literary Association on Tuesday evening. The large Lecture Hall was crowded. The platform was tastefully arranged as a drawing-, room, the furniture being Bupplied by Mr. P.' Le Cornu, and the decorations by young ladies of the Church. An excellent programme had been arranged by Mr. Paeh, and the Rev. G. E. Howe contributed two Cornish Btories "Maister Pascoe'a Narves, and " A Cornish Ghost,'" which were very well received. The Rev. H. T. Bnrgess, as President of the Association, occupied the chair, and introduced the occupants of the platform as forming a family party for the nonce, who hoped to spend and to enable others to spend an agreeable evening. Piano selections were skilfully rendered by Mrs. A. J. Thomas and MisB Trevorrow. MissTrewenack sang "The Bailiff's Daughter of Islington;" MisaMitchell, "I Cannot Sing the Old Songs;" and Miss Fowler, " Mary of Argyle." Several plantation and other songs ana choruses were given by Messrs. Fash, Cooper, J. Miche'l, and other members of the company, Mr. Michell acting as accompanist. The entertainment, which was of a very superior character throughout, began and closed by the singing of the National Anthem in honour of the Queen's Birthday. 