The Cuckoo and the Sparrow. The Young of Both. The Cuckoo's Selfishness. In an artielo " Concerning tho Cuckoo " in Longman's Magazine, an interesting account is givon of the cuckoo's well- known,. and. seldom-seen, performance. Tho surprising and exceptional nature of this . phenomenon, and in some mensure'also tho difficulty of accepting tho explanation . usually givon of the origin of tho instinct in tho. young bird, must be hold to account for the disposi tion shown to accept accounts of it with reserve. One of tho most graphic skttchos of the occurrence by an eye witness is that in Mr. Gould's " Birds of Great Britain." The account by Airs. Blackburn, who watched tho movements of the young cuckoo, is full of interest. The nest under observation was that of "the common mendow-pipot, and it had. at ilist two eggs in it besides that of /the cuckoo. ."At ono visit," con tinues Mrs. Blackburn," the pipets were found to be hatched, but not the cuckoo. At tlio noxt visit, which was after an interval of 48 hours, we found the young cuckoo alone in the nest,' and both the young pipets lying down tho bank, about 10. inches from the margin of the nest, but quite lively aftor boing warmed in the hand. They were replaced iu tho nest besido the cuckoo, which' struggled about until it got its baok under ono of them, when it climbed bnekwards' directly up the open side of the nest, and hitched the pipet from its back on tho edge. It then Btood quite upright on its legs, which wero straddled wide apart, with the claws firmly fixed half-way down tho iriside of the riost, nmorig the interlacing fibres ; of which the nest was woven, and, stretching its logs apart and backwards, it elbowed the pipet fairly ovor the" margin so far that itB struggles took it down the bank instead of bnck into the nest. After this the cuckoo stood a minute or two, feeling back with its wings, as if to make sure that 1 the pipbt was fairly overboard, -and then subsided into tho bottom of tho nost.'.' 'J ho ejected bird was replaced, hut on- again visiting tlio nest .on tho following morning both pipets wero found dead out of tho riost. Mrs. Blackburn continues i— " The cuckoo was perfectly naked, without the vestige of a feather, or even a hint of future feathers ; its eyes wero not yet opened; and/ its- neck Seemed too weak to support the weight of its head. . \ ;. Tlie most singular thing of all was tho dit'bet purpose with which 'the blind little monster made for the :6pon side of tho nest, the only part where it could throw its burthen down tlio bank. I '.think all tho spectators felt tho sort of horror nnd awo at tho apparent inndoquaoy of the. creature's intelligence to its acts that ono might . havo felt at seeing a toothless ling raise a ghost by an incantation. It was horribly uncanny and gruesomo." . Tho prqspootus of tho Capo York Fonin- sula Boiling Doivn and Moat Export Com pany baa boon issuod, and tbo object of tho company is to eroot boiling; down works in tho vicinity of Cook town, thus onabling oattlo owners in that district to And a local outlot for their stook (says the Northern Miner). Tho capital of tlio company is .£5000 in 5000 shares of XI oaoh, and it is estimated that not moro than half of this amount will ho sufficient to start tho work. Tlio provisional direotnrs aro Messrs. J. ThomaB, F. O'Doirno, A. Clurn, W.Wilson, G. MasBio, W. Kellett, and J. 0. pollings, with powor to add to thoir number; 