SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. {Uoptrnjnt.y By an M.D. Author of ' Under a Spell,' ' Victoria Cro33 Valour,' ' Science and Sin,' ' In Love with a Ghost,'' Condemned to Death,' ka.,.!co. CHATC'KIl IX. 'rtJRENS QUID KE.MISA' POSS1T.' There invariably comes a time when the' most' restless spirit hails with joy a brief moment (if quietude from the turmoil and jarring discords of existence. For three days, under the hospitable* roof of General Ponthier, I enjoyed a rest and free dom from anxiety, such as I bad not experienced for some time past. Even my uncertainty ? as to tho possibility of gaining any clue to l-'lbol's domicile, and as to the truth of Duliosque's asser tion that she was his promised wife, failed to dis turb the sense of peace, which fell, ungel-likpj over my mind, I could not helii. wondering, inaiiy times a»*lay, at the strange satisfaction which, enveloped me, and I camp, to tho conclusion that, the Spirit of Good had mercifully spread his wings into the future, and had permitted my gaze to follow their shadow, aud perceive mentally the happy' termina tion of all my doubts 'and fears. The General had deemed it advisable for me to lie perdu until I-could make urt'aug('iubiit.s for leav ing France. He was anxious that. I should . avoid any chance meeting- with ftubo.itjue, Le JMaitiv, or even Julie, for he wisely considered that, in the excited state ia which we all undoubtedly were, it might lead to a discreditable jrucnt in the open streets. Although I felt that I was perfectly able to control myself, yet, iu deference to my friend's wishes, f consented to remain a prisoner within the precincts of Uio house. On the morning* of th« fourth dity of my self-im-' 'posed seclusion, I begun to !V.-1 a trille wearied at suuli a stagnation of activity, and hinted as much to my host. Hid lie. had arrived fit an age. when Ihe cooling passions allowed a nature judgment to liuvit fail- play; he had no Eth-;l to lure him into null adventures or follii's, and ronscyuenrly ('r.insL-lled pationcp. Hi; promised that the. police slum I 1 bring th« Urandons' address within llie next twenty- four hours, and then advised me. to be con tent with ono short interview with my beloved, and lo quit the shores of [?'ranee as speedily as possible iil'terwards. Shortly after this conversation the trviieral left me, with many ljimenfiirions thai an unavoidable .'ii^iigoinent. forced him to condemn me lo the soliludp of mv own thoughts: I lighted a cigar— -that' s..veii-ij;ii solncis ill all melancholic, humours— and paced nsllessly up and down the well-stocked library. Kit her my break fast had disagreed with mo, or els-; tin! hriglii. siin, iinckingly urging- mo to come firlh andfl-vul iii'liiu wmiiii beams, irritated me beyond endurance. J Hung my cigar away before it was half - finished, with an objurgation upon all cabbage plants which fraudulently attempted to pass themselves otT as veritable .Yieoliaan Taliitcum. Then I wearily paced the tloor backwards aud forwards, forwards and backwards, until every minute tracing in the pattern of Ihu carpet which lay on my line of march seeine.cl indelibly woven into mv brain tissue. An end at last came to this tedious monotony of irritation. A l'ootmiui appeared at. the doorway to inform me that a lady was awaiting me in the. .Wo,i. Hack rolled the thunderclouds of ennui aud ill-temper at this announcement ! Sweft Ktlipl had found mo! She hud not reiled supinely and trusted to tlni exertions ol'i.thers, us I had done,but hail gone forth on this wings of love to discover the man whose nient al and physical lifo was such a mystery ! Such devotion was superhuman ; it was angelic! , As thesis thoughts passed rapidly through my miu-i, I almost U«w past, the astonished lluidte.y, and burst; into tho salon with a haste which betokened a lover's ardour. It was nnt a decorous method of entering a drawing-room, Ind, the occasion was an al'.-sulVicient excuse, as the lady who rosi! to greet ma evidently inugined! Jly precipitate movements, basii.l upon onii idea— that of clasping Kthel to my heart — had brought me so close, to tlie visitor, that my anus wi-rii already ? around her before ? J dis covered I was committing the unpardonable error of embracing, not Kthel, but Julio du Savigny ! 'I owe you ten thousand apologies! 'I exclaimed, starling back. 'There is no need for them,' answered Julie, ir tones which she knew how to modulate into tho softest of music. Thoroughly taken aback by such an unexpected visit, I stood before her silent and confused. Gradually, the' lustrous beauty of her lovely face stole over my souses, and. I found myself mentally regretting that Le Maitre's impertinent interference had put an end to those, delicious tetes-a-teUs which had served lo beguile many a pleasant hour. My features must have betrayed my thoughts, for Julio, breaking the silence, said— 'I am not entirely forgotten, then ? ' 'Ah, ho, Mademoiselle ? ' 'Why this formality ?' interrupted Circe. 'I am as much Juliu now as when wo last met!' ?'Well, Julie,' I replied, 'you seo that circum stances have arisen which forbid our continuing on tho old familiar footing.' '?Come and sit down by me, Gerald, and we will discuss Uicsu circumstances.' I obeyed, and as I cairns nearer lo her soft, pathetic eyes, my subjugation to her charms seemed mminent. Then her warm hand was -gently laid on my trembling fingers, and in another second she would have completed her conquest, had not the pale, pure fact,- of Kthel appeared, as a vision, between Julie's lips and mine! The thought, re collection, or vision, or whatever it was, released me from this bondage of Circe's spell; in an ins' ant I threw off my weakness, and steeled my hour! against her fascinations. I gradually edged myself to a distance less lover-like, aud there awaited the. first symptoms of tho activity of her volcano- of passion. ' Why do you remove yourself from me ? ' she asked in a sad, soft voice. 'Will you not treat mi-'as ? you used to in those, happy days at the CViv/i! ?' ?' I have already' said that circumstances have occurred which have, placed my conduct in an un favourable! light. Vour imclu ami Duliosrjuc, by their attitude towards me, have, rendered it im possible that I can'over enjoy again tho pleasure I derived from your society.' 'He not so pitiless, Gerald! Am I nothing to you that you can so calmly talk of putting me out of your life for e.ver 'i Vou came to me. and made, mo lovij you whether I would or no. Have homo compassion upon a heart which your coldness haa rsiidured di!solate.'~ ' ' 'I thought, wis had agreed to repress our friend ship within the. bounds of brotherly and sisterly affection,' was. my reply, delivered iu tones rendered Jinn and decided by the thought of Kthel. 'Change the icubject, Julie, and let us talk pleasantly of tlKi thousand and oim things which render your gay city so charming nn abode.' '?I might as well attempt to check the. advance of the incoming tiilis on the. seashore,' responded Julie, with a sigh. Then, changing- her drooping attitude to ouu of energy, she continued,'You are. a high-minded, honourable, gentleman, Gerald; if you were different to what you are. I would let you go, ?iven at tho eleventh hour, and brave tho sneers of my employers.' 'What do you mean, Julio?' asked, my atten tion aroused by her n I'ereuce to wire-pullers iu the background. ?'Vou innocent, boy!' she exclaimed, with a harsli. laugli. 'Have, you not yel, fathomed the very shallow plot devised by I)ulioii|ii(j for tho purpose' of idding himself of a rival ? Anyone but' an up-.' right man would have seen through it long ago, but. your perfect trust in tho good faith of others made you a pliant tool to dual with, up to a certain point, [/it me make my confession, and r.sk 'your pardon fortlie part, I have, played against- you.' ' 'I am convinced , you' would uovor liaW ier-' pot rated any ovil against me. ! ' I exclaiimid. 'Ho not too sure,' Mic answered, with a strmicp smilp, 'Listen, and you shall have the. solution of all the mysteries with which you have, been so care fully surrounded. In the 'llrst .place, the. con. spirators who were supposed to bftyoiirgaolers'worf * myth, for they ceased to' exist hei'i.rc you left the' nospital. What, then, you will ask, was DubGaij.ie1'* j object iu keepbij,' you lit /»?.«.//» I' i 'Tho' answer :is 'obvious,' I interrupted. 'Dubosquohad, in the meantime, met Miss Brandon, fallen in lovo with her, and discovered that she would receive! attentions from nobody on account of ? her affection for me.'' 'You have penetrated his motives,' replied Julie. ' Ho .was so' infatuated that ho determined to control your every action, until bis marriage rendered further- precautions unnecessary.' Hut nnw^'I must coriio-to the subject of my complicity iu the matter, and you may wonder tlmt'I conspnted lo bocomn hid tool in luring you into a marriage wil h myseU. when I toll you that, at tho lime, I was- the fianch of PuboRquc. otherwise known by liis proper title 'of MarquiB de-J-ijonnais ! Yet such was the case, aiid , it was only through my rascally uncle that,'! became aware of his having' formed 'anotner attach ment. -How do you think this amiable relative broke tho news lo me ? Uy proposing the scheme of mak ing you Dubosque's substitute. ; and, iu considera tion of my efforts to entangle you being successful, j Jl was to receive from the Marquis a dowry of , two hundred thousand francs. I liad ? never really careo for l)e Dijonnais, and had merely been dazzled by ? Ins wealth and position; but when this insulting proposition was repeated to me' by bis own lips, I mentally vowed-to take a sweeping revenge, aiid. for this purpose, pretended to acquiesce in all tin;, details of liis plot. Whether you full a victim to my wiles or not, was lo me a matter of perfect in difference, for I imagined you to bu'as other men aro— cold, calculating, treacherous, and devoid ??of real honour. 5Iy intentions were to divulge the whole scheme to Miss lirandon on the. p.ve of li.-r projected marriage, and to throw you overturn nl without consulting your feelings at all. This would have been a splendid revenge for the dastardlyin sult De Dijonnais had offered me ; it would 'have broken bis heart, for I know he. passionately loves your Ethel. Then camo the day of your introduc . tiou to me — a day never to be forgotten until death shall destroy my ' memory for over! All, Gerald, you appeared before nvi as a revelation of- a 'now WJi-ld, of a new order of men — butter, nobler.'purer, than the avaricious, sin-besotted creatures I was daily forced to associate with. ' The tlamii of love sprang into my ht-art,aud burned through my whole' being with an intensity so overpowering that .- could no longer hide it from you. l-'roui the inoinpii when my uncle surprised you kneeling beside mc: . I threw aside tho idea of revenging myself upon TV Dijonnais, and determined to give him all the aid in my power to enable him to place Miss Brandon be yond your roach. liad 1 been able lo accomplish tbif design, I should havn made, you free to love again. I would havu soothed your regret at. losing the love nf your boyhood, byiimtillinginto your heart the deeper, more enduring affection of ripe manhood.' ?'Thank' God (hat you havo all so utterly over reached yourselves!' I ejaculated. 'Softly, Gerald!' said Julio in a purring voice. 'The Marquis may win yet. Il-'you ari! \vis«, you will not only refuse to talk of bur, but' will dismiss her entirely from your mind, for she is as good, as lost to you for ever. Miss .Brandon is probably by this time, uuited to Mons. de Dijonnais!' A short, pithy sentence ! Hut it sent me stagger ing back to my seat confused, giddy, and hopeless. 1 mutely appealedto Julie to unsay her dreadful words ; her eyes softened as they met my agonised glance but the next instant they blazed again wilh the lire of indomitable .resolution. ?' Poor Gerald I' she murmured, coining close vto me. '? It is a bitter blow, but it is better learned from one whoso only object in life is to' comfort you than from the cold unsyinpathising lips of an ordi nary friend.' f, who a short while ago nearly fell a victim .to her seductions, now shrank -from her touch as if tt wore contaminating. When her hand gently pressed' mine, 1 brusquely thre.w it off and, rising, retreated from her. 'Do you. know Miss Brandon's address ?' I suddenly asked. 'Ido.' 'Then give it me, that I may hear from her own lips the truth of your assertions, and that. 1 may curse her if they arc correct!' I exclaimed wildly, almost incoherently. ? _ 'You will do no good by going to her,' answered Julie. 'Let me comfort you, Gerald, as I used to iu our happy days at the ' Corcle. ' 1 will soot ho' your griefs, and be so tender and patient ! Grant me only the privilege of a sister to assuage your sorrows and bring peace to your heart ! ' ' . ?'This interview has continued long enough,'! at last exclaimed huskily. 'Take these words for your adieu, that I scorn the sympathy of one who could at any moment have shewn her true love and generosity by disclosing to me tho proximity of Miss Jiraiulon, but who chose to allow me to break my heart because she selfishly desired to steal an affection she knew to bo pledged to another. That is my adieu, mademoiselle, to you who are a -worthy partner of the infamous Dubosque.' Tin s ! scornful \«rds, delivered with the most sarcastic emphasis I could muster, found their way to Julie's heart, aud awoke her slumbering passions. The tender, prayerful demeanour vanished as if by magic, whilst a hard glitter of the eyes, aud a con traction of tho face, as pale as the marble table slia was leaning against, warned me that my cutting contempt had powerfully aroused all the evil nature of this beautiful fury ! I shuddered as I noted tho expression, on Julie's countenance, and becamo for the first time thoroughly convinced that she would no longer hesitate to sacrifice my feelings or happi ness, since they stood in tho way of tho attainment of her own desires. Slowly I turned my eyes from that beautiful face so inhumanly distorted, aud made a few hesitating steps towards the door. 'Stop, Gerald Gray '.' commanded Julie in cold, clear, imperious accents. 'You have scorned my sympathy;' sho went on, ' you have stigmatised 'my conduct as all that is base and wicked. You havo Hung away the proffer of a devoted lovo, and trampled it beneath your feet as if it wore something too degrading for your acceptance ! Had your' contumely been a little less, I might have spared you for your own sake ; but the words which you meaut for a Jinal adieu have irrevocably decided your fate. Listen aud mark every word I now say to you. I have seen (ithel lirandon, and have told her that you are engaged to me; I have sacrificed my own reputation that she might know that her marriage to you w-as un impossibility, aud 1 have clinched my tale by telling her that the threat of my uncle's pistol was tho only means of forcing you into an engagement. If I have blackened my character, I have, also succeeded in so blasting yours, that. Miss liraudnu will never willingly see you or speak to you again!' 'You hai'o douo this, and yot profens to love, me?' I exclaimed, aghast at'the. fiendish malignancy of this woman, who not e.viiu spared herself iu hi.-r determination to cut uni of)' from all chance of over wedding Uthel. 'Can you pre.tond lo feel this all absorbing affection for me, auiUyttt calmly dash tho cup of happiness from my lips, and condemn me, by your falsehoods, to pass the. rest of my lif-* in unavailing regnst at my misfortune, iu having over met you? I did not read your character thus, in tin! early days of our friendship! 1 then respected and esteemed you. Jtut now — ! No, Julio, I will not speak tins hitter thoughts that arise, iu me. 1 would rather entreat you to nsstirn : me that your interview with Miss Hrandou was fictitious, and that you weru not so utterly lost to all sense of honour 'and propriety as to haws poured into her oars the. hnrriblu tale you havo just disclosed !' 'What I have told you is trim1!' replied Julio defiaitly. 'I lovo you, and as long as I havo br. at'i 1 will not tamely surrender you lo any oilier worn in. Do not inngiue that my character bus undergone any alteration during Ilm last few weeks; it. has always been the saint' — soft and pliant aud lo.-ing, oven to self-destruction, as regards you ; but pitiless, hard, and merciless lo' any? who would deprive mis of the only thing worth living for, and that is your love I' 'To meet such another example of a reckless,' un- tame. 1 iniud,l should have to search carefullyamongst the Xonh American Indians!'' was my rejoinder. 'I euro nothing for your taunts,' retorted Julio. 'If I havo thrown asido tho conventionalities -of the nrlilicinl state of' existence called civilisation, it is solely for your sake. Hut God madn tho mind aud tin) affections free, and I am therefore breaking ii.) IMviui) law iu1 declaring my lovo for yo-i.' 'Is llusre. uot a Divine, precept which teaches (hat tin) greatest lovo one person can bear to another is shew.i by the sacrifice of inclination, even of life itself, slioiiM'snoh'be necessary lo the well-being ?if the belived'1 object?' ' , Julie drooped her head, and was silent for a few ?'I . moments., Th'*! she burst into a passionate paroxysm of weeping, 'and threw herself into -ny inns! liefore I could expostulate sho broke, into ' lamentation* so piteous, -and uttered entreaties so wild and incoherent,' that I was thoroughly startled by their eyce.ssivo vehemence. 'I cannot give yov. , up!' she sobbed. 'Such Biierificcs as you speak of j are aii iiv.po'ssib'ility with ?me, 'for I love you so entirely that 1 should regard myself with scorn if ? I were weak-minded enough to let any consideration prevent, my obtaining you asiny.own.'' 'But Julie,' I remonstrated,: 'you know that T ?can never love you-! Jly whole soul is wrapped up ' in Kthel Hrandon, and iflcannot marry her, I shall live a life of perputual- celibacy.'.' ' Is there no lnj e, Gerald.?' she asked, with a wild, imploring look.- ., i '**-? 'None!' ?! nns\vereii\ .terBelyVhoping-'jjby tha , severity 'off brevity to cut short this; unpleasant and distressing ^scione; -' ',' '-. -.-,;.' :*'*'''.?' ? .- 'Jiut if you fo'iiiid'thatMiss .Brandon was' married, ? I would you not turn' to me'i for,' 'comfort?' she per '? sisted. .? . .;?',. ' I 'I would not!', .was my firm reply. ? 'Kvory lib re of-' my. ' b'otly is pulsating;.' she exclaimed passionat'ely',with a mad, unreasoning love for you ! So takfc ??care, Gerald Gray;'- for my inolhu-'s southern 'Mjlood,. running iu my veins, warns me that an intense' feeling such ''as niina can easily be transformed; into- the,, bitterest hate, and, the keenest dcsire|for- vengeance.' ' '-We. shall begin lo I understand one. another, if. you talk iu that- strain much longer,' I answered. 'Love and hatred are so incompatible that your last . words .make ? me doubt whether -you* really know what lovo is.' ', . 'Insolent!' slie retorted. 'Ilave I brought myself to this — that I am not only spurned,. but-insulted ?' ?Ah! You shall ruo the day when Julie de Savigny bumbled herself to you; and was rejected with .con temptuous scorn. .1 have already forwarded to Misy ' Brandon every letter you have written' to inej and ' begged her to protect herself against Lothario,1 other- ' wisii known as Gerald Gray.' '?You are. quite at liberty to perjure .yourself.' as. much as you think lit,' 1 answered, considerably ? nettled at the idea that my affectionate, though only brolhirlyi1 letters to her might be. made- to' assume' the importance of billets doux breathing ardent devo tion in every lino. ' ' ; '?Perjure myself!1' she repeated. 'Ah! Perjury shall be Ihe smallest of my crimes. You little know what -an insulted woman- can do, and I promise that, before another few days have passed, you will ?wish-that, Kthel Brandon had never existed,. or that . you had acceded to my entreaties !' 'I regret that your infatuation 'shoulrt prompt you to leave me with something akin to a curse. Surely 1 your sense of right and wrong— '. ?Julie interrupted me with a 'laugh that savoured nf madness. 'Scorn, ? conteniptViusull — all these, have I received where I lropcd'tffobtain love ! What return can a woman make' fo'iVsuch treatment? I will tell you. Sho can plot, and scheme, and lit) iu wait until her enemies Jail into her net; then she can repay scorn wilh'scorn, and contumely with contumely. Do not say you have not received due warning, Gerald Gray, and remember 1 shall strike quickly and strike homo.' - _, With a swift, sudden movement,''. expressive of raging augur, she reached tlie door- of' the salon. Thfen sho turned for an instant aud-cast-upou me an \ indescribable look, in which love,- regret, and furious' hatred were all mingled. The next moment she vanished from 'my- sight, and I heard ' her retir ing footsteps echo through the corridor, with an intense feeling of rt~*lief,ti:mpered by a fear that her ill-regulated passions Miright yet work me greater misery Hum they had alrca-Iy'doiie'.1 Could I have foreseen that my boyish dalliance with , a bright, vivacious girl, would be productive of so much mischief in the future I would- havo cut my tongue out sooner than have uttered -a? compliment, ami would have, gone'blind for the vest of my days rather than have aroused her passion with my ad miring glances. I was forced to acknowledge that my conduct, had 'been eminently foolish, but I extracted some, l.'ulm.fpi- my wounded soul from tlie reflection that my folly was not criminal, that iny honour bad .never been tarnished, and that I could.' meet. Ethel nd truthfully tell her that my heart had'never once ? wavered in its allegiance. ' -, Would -Kthel believe this';' assuming; .'she-, granted I ino an interview, iu'facu of the black and audacious I falsehoods poured into her ear by Julie ?' Her very I purity of ' mind would make her disbelieve tlK- I statement that I.was pursued and persecuted by M the unwelcome love of another woman ;' she, who' II was all innocence anil modesty, would indignantly If close my mouth at the very outset of the attempt to Nl cliiar my character by, vilifying onu of her own sex. Ill Truly, 1 was in the toils, and nothing but invin- III cible' patience could extricate me! I could expect III no assistance from Dubosque. He would keep up {(I appearances uiitil'lic had either married Ethel or fll been finally dismissed. Well, well ! I had bought 'II sonw experiuncuvery dearly and very bitterly, and II the price. I had paid for learning to distrust and If despise my fellow-mortals was tho loss of lithel.and li' the total mill of my , earthly hopes. There ii [I. nothing in the wide world that can over make up II '. for Ihe sudden extinction of love's young dream. 11'' This tender passion so glorifies everything, that tlm II' meanest objects seem golden, sombre colours appear II1 briUiaul,aiid dull prosaic Earth becomes a I'aradisi) I - wherein men walk as angels. If lovu throws this -'- glamour over the eyo, il has also a similar effect -'r upon tho mind. Under il.s influence, vicious ten dencies aro repressed, perhaps comjuered for over ; generosity, pity, sympathy, and tin; various senti mental 'emotions ; which tend to '.elevate all around us, are most powerfully evoked. Earth truly is a, ' ? Par.ulise, and if man could only keep under th:s dominion of tho sublime! passion, he. would con tinue to regard ft as such mil i I his dying day. '. ' If my iden.K of thn power of love to raise man to I so high a lovol 'be correct— and my state of mind vehemently urged mo lo accept, them as true — then llici-ji! who separated two loving hearts had not m.Mely committed a cruel, but a wicked and sinful act, for they not only destroyed material happiness, but acted as the ministers of the Prince of Evil by stopping that moral progress which it is vlns special '.' l'uncLiou of love to stimulate, and Ihe. special desire 7 of the enemy of all good to annihilate ! '.'?' lint all these speculations would not help mo to Klhcl. If not, already too late, my last chance of hope lay in seeing her without an, instant's delay, ' «i '.' ami yet 1 knew not where to liud her, for Duboaque ; ,' and Julie wan; both iigived to malignantly frustrali) ?' ' our over un-cling again, and had both refused to ? \ supply me. with the. information 1 needed. One desperate chance prenentod itself to me — that of '. seeking l)ubosi|iie,aud wringing the secret from him -,' ' by threats, insults, or foiee: I even meditated doing '?'- this iu tint open streets, iu the. presence, of a crowd, ,' ?;, so that, from very s-liame, lio would disclose all I ? /*] Wiintud to know. This,' undoubtedly*! was tho most 'i expeditious course I could pursue.. It seemed uso l.-ss to wait, any longer for a result from the slow, . -,.'1'*' cumbersiuiio process recoiunieuded by the General. .''.,. l'our days had nearly elapsed, and 1 was still as %~'- much iu the dark as over. Many more, might pass fv-t bifi.ro thu polico _witb hiiccessfu I, whilst every hour, J-,, every minute, was p-w ions, for any one of tliem Jk'£\ might witness the utterance of those fatal words '*? j£;' which would bind Ethel to a scoundrel for ever ! v -**!.? Heavens! How this awful thought burned into my '??'_;£ soul, and sot my heart ailamo with gusts of wild ,.-'- passion mingled with an intolerable anguish ! Ac- '.7r'. tiou, swift, rapid -action, was the only means of ''?.Yfi stifling tho mad schemes of fearful vengeance whiuli . ...wJv crowded into 1113' brain at the prospect of defeat, at '[V? Dubosque's hands ; inactivity, if porsisted in, even l\y jj an hour or two longer, would turn my mind into tho '-'f-ji playground of fiends! ,''-ft An I moved with feverish steps to the -loor,I heard j; :?'?:- the' General's voice inquiring for me, and tho 'jr response of the servant directing him to the salon. \ \'\ For a wonder, the usually slow, military precision ( , t, of my friond was exchanged fa- a rapid, eager walk, , -\ aud I mentally noted the fact a& a prelude to good - m. ':?.?' news. I ' \\-S Iu another instant General Tonthier was beside v yJ me. 'I have hurried back,' he exclaimed, 'tof ,r{A bring you tho address of your friends.' I. .'-'] 'Tell it me quickly,' I answered excitedly. '.-'^ 'There is no time to lose.' ' -.-. v] 'Villa Brandon, St. Uracques.' ?'?*?'?- Without vouelis»fing an auswer I rushed from tht -f'l1; loom, preserving just enough sense to take my bat* * f ''wd hurried into the street. ' //-.^ {To it continued.) . . J|!;F 