THE CARNIVAL. ANOTHER BIG SUCCESS. Carnivals have been the leading topic on Queenseliff for the past two months, and the diversion of 'Welnesday nighlt added another successful festival to the credit of the Queenscliff Brass Band. The Foresters' Hall was prettily arranged wvith drapings, and everything wvas equal to the pleasantry of the evening. There were a large number of spectators present, and the merry huni evidenced that all were happily enjojing the. lrollery?and jovia!ness .of -.th~. per-. formers. The music, uiner' Bandmaster Graves, was up to data, filling the ball with the strains of the best pieces of their large selection, reflecting credit upon the musicians. Skaters were in splendid form and a large contingent of fancy as well as pretty. evening costumes circled round, weari someness seeming to be a thing of the past. Falls seemed to count not, for no sooner ilown, than up aigain, and on they reeled, laughter marking the last descent, and in this way the revellers, made mirth for tbe onlookers. At ten o'clock the grand procession was conm meiced, M?r Eason, from Geelong, in the character of " Hans the Boatman," with Miss Daisy Arkins, in a very pretty evening dress, headed the column, and the spectacle was done with more accuracy and uniformity than at any pre vious carnival. .In the leading rank were the best skaters-Misses Arkius, Stephen; 'Kessell, and Bridges; and Messrs. Kessell, and Wilmot, Meikin, and Eason (Geelong). The'e was also trick skating, which was pretty to witness. For the ball about GO couples re mained, aind numerous dances passed the time away pleasantly. During the evening Mr W. Cochrane, of Geelong, contributed step dancing and com!ic singing in a very able rjan ier. 'The following is a list of the cos tui me : Miss Kessell " Black Diamond" ., Daniell. Tomboy ., Cornwell, Snow ,. D. Arkins I Evening Dress ., Stephen . Priddle, ,E. l'riddle Evening Dress , Keys ,, Aikin, Cinderella ,, Busb, Pink Domino . ,, 1.h ush, Nymph , Jones, Vanity Fair , Bridges, Evening , A. Keys, Fairy ,, 'hapter School Girl ,, Smyth, Evening Dress ,, Morton, Evening Dress ,, T. Pippard, Jlotlscmii.1 i, B. Pippard, For-get-me-not Mlrs Brown, l, Alexander, SMorrison Evening ,. Williams ,, Barton Mlr Steel, Granny B, B. Chidgey, Skipper of the Olive , Eason. Hans the Boatman .. Golightly, M'Gregor ,E M'lutosh, Cadet ,, Herd,Nightnud Day ,, 0 Spankgenberg, Baker ,, Cooper, Bushranger , A M1'Intosh, Ghost , W Shapter, Footballer ,, Roffy, Clown ,, Kessell Unrrow. , Warren Evening ,, Todd ,M Morrison 