THE LAW RELATING TO GHOSTS. (6T. JA-S-'s WBDOET.) . The Psychozetio Society has recently, at the request of one of its members, whose premised were infested with a noisy ghost, taken the. opinion of. lr. Bludgeon, Q.C., on a serieaof, questions tending to elucidate the law as it relates to' ghosts. The learned counsol's opinion has been forwarded to us for publica tlon, antd we have much pleasure in giving crosnineuco to it. 1?i. Bludgeon writese as follows : 1\. In answer to the first Question, I am of opinion that an action for trespass will not lie against a ghost; it follows thist. an injunction will not be granted. There is some uncertainty on the point :but I think that a ghost is not, at common law, a legal person at all, and, therefore, neither possessed of'rightsnor subject to liabilities. There is no record in the books of any such action: a fact in itself negative testimony of no small weight. 2\. Subject to what follows, I think there is a cause of action against the executors. It has been held thatacorpse is the property of its executors as being. personal property: the opinion of Taper, V.C., that, by reason of burial, it might be said to savour of the realty being no longer law. The maxim of law is, ifobilic saeu, lultur -;ersonao-the ghost follows the corpse; and in asy opinion the court wouild restrain the executors from allbwing'or suffer ing their ghost to trespass on the premises in question. In this case, however, the difficulty of discovering and serving the personal repre sentatives would be almost insuperable, the ghost having been dead 500 years. 3\. Yes. If the ghost sets up an adverse title, an action would lie on the covenant for aluiet enjoyment; but I must add that in my opinion there is evidence, and tolerably clear evidence, that in this case Mr. Squirms took with notic of the encumbrance, and, having obtained his lease at a lower rent in consideration of it, would be held in equity to be estopped from any such proceeding. 4\. If Mr. Squirms is right in his conjecture and a surveyor of respectability should be at once employed to ascertain whether lie is or not -that the body of the ghost is buried on the premises, different considerations arise. As above stated, a body is the property of the executors; but this rule is subject to the wider principle, Quirauaid pljantalta r solo, solo ediit : and in my opioi6n the ghost, by being planted or buried on the land. lapsed to the freeholder and became iprt of the inheritance. The freeholder must be takento have known of its prcsence; and I think, although not w:thout doubt, that on the true construction of Mr. Squirms's lease, the body passed to him under the general words, and must be regarded, for the purposesof this case, as his own. If I am correctnm this, Mr. Squirms is the author of his own wrong, and has the remedy in his own hands. 5\. No. A ghost cannotrequire the owner of the premises on which his body is, to bury it at the expense of the owner. In my opinion a ghost has no rights as such. It is not my duty to express an opinion on what the law ought to be, but merely to state what, in my opinion, it is. 6\. If a'spiritualist or other person, against the will of the executors or other the owners of agliost, raises it, asnd induces it to leave its owner and enter his service, I think an action would lie (Lumley v. Gye,. 2 E. and B., 210-230). 7\. A man has no right, in order fo indulge his own taste, to introduce any ghost lie may possess into his aunt's house, thereby destroying the amenity of her residence. Sic utoro tuo ut alienum non laedes. A licence for any such purpose is revocable, unless given for valuable consideration. 8\. No. There is no such easement knownto the law. A custom would require strict proof. 0\. A ghost. instructed to haunt any person on account of his employer, cannot without: per mission employ another to fulfil his duties. Delegatus non potest delegare. 10\. The suspicion of an authentic ghost being on the premises does not warrant the officers of the Society in entering or remain'ng on the premises, nor in demanding refreshments while engaged thereon. If the interests of science demand such powers, recourse must be had to the Legislature. It is impossible for me to ex prom any opinfa as to fise result of such an application. r1. The Public Health Act, in my opimnon, gives the sanitary auithority no jurisdiction over ghosts. 12\. If the suggested explanation of the ghost's cries and groans be correct, the Court of the Ordinary would seem the proper tribunal. I recommend that the opinion of counsel learned in ecclesiastical law be taken on this point. SAImUEL BLUvDuiEON. 