THE TRAVELLER. A TRAVELS IN JAPAN. " . Br XjAFoadio Heaen. L MY FIRST PAY l« THE ORIENT. ' "Do not fail," said the kind English profes- . aor, who enoouragcd and aided mo aftor my .arrival in Japan. " Do not fail to writo down your first impressions as soon as possible ; they . are evanescent ; they will never come to you again onco they havo fadod out ; and yet of all . the strange sensations you will reoeive in this strange oountiy, you will feel none so beau tiful as these." I am trying now to repro- ' dues thorn from tho hasty notes of the moment, i and find, alas, that they were as fugitive as beautiful. Somothing has evaporatod; something magical which I cannot ever recall. I neglected my dear friend's advioo ; I could not, in those " first weeks, resign myself to remain long enough . in my room to do any serious work, while tho charmiDg streets were steeped in a soft white light unliko any other sunshine on eaith, and full of sights and sounds that seemed of Fairy land. But oven could I recall that magical something of those first days — that charm in tangible as a perfumo, delicate as a dream— I doubt whether by any art of mine it could ever be utterod and fixed in words. Oh ! the ecstasy of the first sunny day in this Orient, so long dreamed of, so muoh road of, yet all unknown — the delicious surprise of tho first journey through Japanese streets, unnblo to make one's kttruma runnot comprehend anything but gestures, frantio gestures, to roll on, anywhere, everywhere, ainoe all is novel and unspeakably pleasurable, deAring only to seo and hear and feel as much of this beautiful new world as Dosaiblo! Surely there is some charm in tho very air, oool with tho cool ness of Japaneso spring, in tho month of oherry blossoms — a oharm due, perhaps, to softest .lucidity rather to any positive oolor— an atmos- pherio limpidity indescribable, with only a sug gestion of bluo in it, through whioh tho moBt distant objects appear foeusscd with amazing sharpness. The sun is pleasantly warm, as in Moxioo; tho kuruma (or jinrikisha) is tho most oozy vohicle imaginable, and tho street vistas — as seen above tho danoing white mush room shaped hat of your sandalled runner — have a fantastic allurement of whioh yon are suro you can never weary. .'lis at firet a deliclously odd confusion only as yon look down ono of them through an in terminable flatter of flogs and swaying of dark blue drapory, all made beautiful and mysterious with Japanese or Chinese lettering. Far there are no immediately discorniblo laws of oonsiruc- tiou or decoration ; each building eoems to have a fantastic prettiuess of its own; nothing ia cxaotly like anything else, and all is bewilder- ingly, atnpefyingly novel. But gradually, after, some hours passed in tho quarter, tho eyo be gins to reoogniso in a vaguo way some general plan la tho construction of these low, light, queerly gabled wooden houses, mostly unpointed, with their first stories all open to the street, and thin strips of roofing sloping above each shop front like an awning, baok to tho paper screened balconies of narrower miniature second stories. You begin to understand tho common plan of tho delight ful tiny shops, with matted floors raised high abovo the street level, and tho general perpon- dioular arrangement of sign lottoring, undulat ing on silk or colored cotton, or gloaming motionloss on gilded and lacquered sign boards. And you will nlso obBorvo that bluo — tho Bame ricU dork bluo whioh dominates in popular costumo — rules also in the oolor of shop draperies, though thero is a thin sprinkling of black and whito and brighter blue and wine color also (no grcons or yellows). You must note that the frocks and robea of the passing pooplo not only harmoniso mar vellously with these draperies, but arc likewise, to soma oxtont, lettered with tho semo letter ing. No arabesque over invented could produce -so oxquisito nn effeot; those ideographs, aa modified for decorative purposes, havo a graoe and speaking symmetry of lines whioh no design without a positive moaning could ever give. As they appear on the baok of a work- man's frook, puro whito on dark blue, and largo enough to be read at n very considerable dis tance (indicating some guild or company, of whioh tho wearer is a member or employ) they make tho ooarso material seem Bplendid as the attire of a prince. And, finally, thero will come to you, suddonly, as a revelation, tho conviction that most of the amazing picturesqueness of theBo Japanese streets is simply duo to the profusion of Japan ese characters in white, black, blue, crim son or gold, decorating everything, even surfaoes of door poets and lintola and paper soroens. Thon, perhaps, for ono moment you will imagino tho effect of English lettering substituted for theso magical characters ; and tho idea will give to all your msthotia sense a strangely brutal Bhock, and you will beoomo at once and for over, as I havo be- como, a sworn cnomy of tho Bomaji-Kui — that Japaneso society founded for tho supremely ugly purpose of introduoiug the uso of English lotters in writing JnpancBO. An ideograph doea not make npon tho Japaneso brain any impression similar to that created in the ocoidental brain by a lotter or combination of lottors — dull, inanimnto symbols of vooal sounds. To tho Japaneso brain an ideograph is a vivid picture — it lives, it speaks, it go3ticulatos. And tho whole Bpaco of a JapnuosQ stroet is full of such living oharaoters — figures that cry out to tho eyes, words that smile or grimooe like physiognomies. What suoh lettering is, compared with our own lifoless types, can bo understood only by those who havo lived in tho further East. For oven tho printed oharaoters of Japanese or Chinese imported texts givo no suggestion of the possible boauty of tho samo characters as modified for docorativo inscriptions, for soulpturnl uso, or for the commonest advertising purposes. No rigid convention fetters tho fnnoy of tho ealigraphcr or de signer ; each strives to mako bis oharaoters more beautiful than any others, and generations upon generations of artists havo boon toiling from time immemorial with liko emulation, so that through centuries and centuries of tireless effort and wondrous patience of study, tho primitivo hieroglyph or ideograph has been evolved into n thing of beauty indescribable. It consists only of a certain number of brush strokes, but in caoh stroke there Is an un- disoovcrablo secret art of grace, proportion, imperceptiblo aurve, whioh aotually makes it eecm alive, and bears witness that even during tho lightning moment of its creation, tho artiBt felt with his brush for the ideal ehnpo of tho stroke oqually along its entiro length, from head to tail. But tho art of tho strokes is but a rudimentary skill; tho art of their combination is that . whioh produces tho onohantmont — often so as to astonish tho Japnneno themselves. It is. not surprising, indeed, considering tho strongly por- sonal, animato, esoteric aspeot of Japaneso lettering, that there should bo divers wonderful legends of oaligrnphy— relating how words written by holy experts beoame incarnate, and descended from their tablots to hold converse with mankind. I have a jinrikixha man wearing a white hat, whioh looks like the top of an enormous . mush room ; a bluo, wide sleeved, loose, short jacket ; bluo drawers, close fitting aa theatrical " tights," whioh descend to his ankles, and light straw sandals bound upon his bare feet with cords of palm fibre. I think ho typifies nil tho docility, swiftness, tirelcssnoss, patience, emiles, bobbings and insidious coaxing powers of his race. His name is "Cha." Cbn has already manifested his power to make mo" givo him raoro than the law allows. Cha appeals with nnfailingsuo- cess to the emotional nature of man. Cha has already discovered by some fine intuition that I do not belong to the foreign commercial class, who hold this higher quality in ocorn, and nover yield to apponle based on tho supposititious exist ence of it. Oha has already succeeded in win ning my affeotions. Why ? This first sonsation of having a human being for a horso — trotting between shafts like a horse, unwearyingly bobbing up and down before you for an hour — is alone enough to fill the European heart with compassion. And when tho human being, thus trotting betweon shafts, with all his hopes, memories, seuti- monts, sufferings, happons to possesa tho kind liest imaginable face, tho gentlest smile, and the ability to return tho smallest favor by a look of infinite gratitude, this compassion be comes transfigured, becomes sympathy. In my own naso the feeling ia that pity whioh is akin to lovo— provoking unroaaonablo impulses to self sacrifice for Oha's sako. I think tho porspiration must havo something to do with it— tho perspiration of Cha. He iB always mop ping biB fnco with a little sky bluo towel, having figuros of flying sparrowB upon it, whioh towel ho carrioB wrappod above his wrist as ho runs. All other jinrikisha runners, I observe, carry little towels in the same way, to wipe thoir faces with. Furthermore I can seo that ali Cha's clothing is drenolied through with Bwcat. And I cannot but think of ohills and ooDgcs. tions and pleurisy ; of tho life cost of all those heart heats and musolo contractions being made for my sako, of tho poor ohcnp fuel whioh must Bupply tho forco of that frail through beautiful human machinery — a little rice, a little fish, porhaps a little saki. Perhaps the supremely delightful impression of the first day is that of the gontloness of popu- lar aorutiny. Everybody lookB at you curiously, but thero is nothing disagrooablo or hostilo in tho gaze ; most often it is accompanied by a smile or half smile, and tho ultimate effeot of all tbeso kindly aurious looks and pleasant smiles is to mako one think of fairyland. Note well. — This observation ie almost hack neyed. Many and many another writer, describing tho sensations of tho first day in Japan, has spokou of tho land as fairyland and of tho ppoplo as fairy folk. Bat thoro is a psychological reason for this singular unanimity in this ohoiee of terms to describe the impres sion— in this uso of words signifying conditions and creatures supernatural and idoaL To find oneself suddenly in a world where everything is upon a smallor and daintier plan than with us — a world of losser and kindlier boiugs, all smiling at you and Beoming to wish you well — a world whero movement 1b slow, soft, gentle — a world whoro sky, land, life and all things are totally different from aught clsowhero beheld — muBt indeed rcaliso, to any imagination nonriahed with English folklore, the old happy dream of a world of elves. And ono thought of pain keeps throbbing through tho pleasure of the hours— pieroing more and more keenly through eaoh succeeding delight, through enoh fresh surpfiso of beauty, through all one's joy in the luminous soft caress of the Oriontal day— ' Some time all this will have bccorao a memory. Wliorevor else I have scon a period of change from a romantic post to a praotical present, as in Louisiana, as in tho West Indies, I have seen tho decay of things beautiful and the ugliness of things new. "What of theso I may yet see in "Japan I know not, but hero In these streets tho old and tho now mingle so marvellously well that the one seems' only to set off tho other. . An electrio boll In some tea house, ' with a Japanese Inscription bo- side the ivory button— a shop containing sewing machines next to tho shop 'of a merchant of Buddhist images — the establishment of n photo grnpher besido tho establishment of a manufac turer of sandals ; t-lieso display no discord of position. "What is now seems to harmonise by intrinsio right with what is old, and what is old is beautiful. Nothing, however odd, is ropulsivo or ugly — nothing. All that is Japaneso is delicate, tasty — even o pair of common wooden chopsticks in a band with a delightful little drawing upon it— oven a package of toothpicks of oherry wood, bound with a papor wrapper elegantly lettered iu threo different colors, — oven tho little sky- bluo towel, with designs of flying sparrows upon it, which tho jinrikishamnn uses to mop his face. The bank bills, the commonest copper coins, aro things of beauty. Even the piece of plaited colored string UBed by tho shopkeeper in tying up your last purchase is a pretty curiosity. Ouriosities and dainty objects bewilder you by their voiy multitudo ; on either side of you, whercover you turn your oyes, nro countless wonderful things as yet incomprehen sible. But it is perilous to look at tbem. Evory time you daro to look something obliges you to buy it, unless, as may oftcn.happcn, the smiling vendor invites your iuspeotion of so many varieties of ono article, caoh specially and all unspeakably desirable, that you oannot ohooso, and dopart out of moro torror at your own impulses. Tho Bhopkcopor never asks you to buy, but his wares aro enchanted, and if you onco begin buying you aro lost. Cheapness means nothing but a temptation to oommit bankruptoy, for tho resources of irresis tible, artistio cheapness aro inexhaus tible. Tho largest stoajnor that orosscs tho Paoifio oould not hold what you wish to purchase- cvon in the lino of things | absurdly ohoap. And- though you do not confess it to yoursolf perhaps what you really want to buy is not tho contents of a shop ; you want tho shop and the shopkeeper, and streets of shops with thoir draperies and their habitants — tho whole city and the bay and tho mountains bogirdling it — and Fuji-yama's white witchery overhanging it in the epeoklees Bky— all Japan in very truth, with its magieal trees and lumin ous atmosphere, with all ita oitioa and towns and temples and 35,000,000 of tho most lovablo poople in tho universe. I once heard some ono Bay, on being told of a great fire in Japan, ' " Oh, those people can afford conflagrations, thoir homes aro so oheapiy built." It is true that the pretty frail houses can be oheapiy and quiokly roplacod, but that which was within them to' make thom beauti ful cannot. Every objeet in tho poorest Japanese dwelling iB an objeot of art, oven to tho commonest artialo of wood or baked olay ; and evory groat flro is a great nrt tragedy. For this is tho land of infinito hand made variety ; maohiaery has not yot been able to introduoo sameness and utili tarian ugliness in cheap production, oxcept in response to foreign dom&nd; for bad taste to suit vulgar markets, and eaoh objeot made by tbo artist or artisan differs still from all others, ovon of his own making ; and eaoh timo some thing beautiful porishes by fire, it is 'a some thing representing an individual mood — it is an ideograph of personality. Happily, tho art impulse itsolf in this country of conflagrations has a ghostly vitality whioh survives each generation of artistB, and defies tho flame that ohanges thoir labor to ashes or molts it to Bhapelessnoss. Tho idea whoso symbol haB perished will auroly reappear again in other eroations — perhaps after tho passing of a century — modified, indeed, yet recognisably of kin to the thought of tho past. And every artist is & ghostly worker. Not by years of groping and pain and sacrifice docs ho find his highest expressions : tho saorificial past is within him ; his art Ib an inheritanoo given with his soul ; bis fingers are guided by the dead in tho delineation of a flying bird, of the vapors of mountains, of tho colors of tho morning and evening, of the shape of branohes and the spring burst of flowers. Generations of skilled workmen have given him their fnnoy, their ounning, and rovivo in the wonder of his drawing, "What was oonscious effort in the beginning beoame unconscious in later oonturics ; becomes almost automntio in the living man ; and thus alone the faultless in- stinot of his art is comprehensible. And thus one water color print, by Hokusai or Hieroshigo, sold for a oent., has more art ia it than many a western painting stored in historio galleries, and valued at tho price of a province. Here are Hokueai's own figures walking about in grass rain coats and mushroom shapod hats, peasants with bare legs and sandlcd feet. Horo also are groups already familiar in old Japaneso paintings, — mothers hearing babicB on their hacks, toddling along patiently and noisily upon high wooden ologs, merohants in bluo robes smoking littlo brazen pipes before the open screens of their booths, nrtisans with wiilo oleoved jackets and bluo loggings and bluo or whito foot gear with sandal thongs to match. And how beautiful nro tho fcot of tho people 1 — whothor brown, nude, statucsquo feot of laborers in straw sandals, or bluo feot of swift runners in digitated stockings, or feot of children so pinkly pretty that they, somohow suggest tho transformation of flowers into flesh, or fcot of girls in snowy tnbi, having tho cleft graco of tho feet of beings mythological— faunosees satyressos. Never has tho Japaneso foot been subjeotod to that infamous stylo of foot gear whioh has distortod and mado hideous tho feot of Ocoidontals; it has remained natu ral, supple, expansive ; its every pose is oomely; it has the symmetry of a Japanese character. Of every pair of Japanose woodon ologs one makes in walking n slightly different sound from tho other, aa kring to kra tip, so that tho echo of the walker's stops has an alternate rhythm of tones. On a pavement tho Bound obtains im mense sonority, and a orowd will often inten tionally fall into step, with tho drollest con ceivable rosult of drawling wooden noise. I have been obliged to return to the Euro pean hotel — not becauso of the noon meal, as I really begrudgo myself tho timo nccossary to eat it— but bceauso I cannot make Cha understand that I want to visit a Buddhist temple. Now Cha understands. My landlord has utterod tho magical words, Tera e yuke/ A few minutes of rapid travel along broad thoroughfares lined with gardens and costly ugly European buildings; then passing the bridge of a canal stooked with unpainted sharp prowed oraft of the most extraordinary construction, we again plunge into narrow low, bright, pretty streets — into another part of tho Japaneso oity. And Cha runs at tho top of his speed between mora rows of littlo ark shaped houses, narrowor abovo than below, botweon othor unfamiliar lineB of littlo open shops. And always over the shops littlo stiips of blue tiled roof Blopo back to tho paper screened balconies of upper floors, and from all tho fafades hang draperies, dark bluo or white or crimson — foot breadths of texture covered with oxquisito Japaneso lettering- white on bluo, red on black, blaek on white. But all this flies by swiftly as a dream. Once more wo orose a canal ; wo rash up a narrow street rising to meet a hill, and Cha, halting suddenly before nn immense flight of broad stone steps, sets the shafts of his vehicle on tho ground that I may dismount, and pointing to the steps, exclaims — Tera 1 I dismount and ascend tbem, and rcaohing a broad terrace, find myself face to face with a marvellous gate, topped . by a tilted, peaked, many cornered Chinese roof. It is nil strangely carven, this gato. Dragons are intertwined in a frieze abovo itB open doors ; and tho panels of tbo doors themsoIve3 aro similarly sculpturod ; and thero nro gargoyles, grotesque lion heads, protruding from the caves. And the whole is grey, stony colored. To me, nevertheless, tho carvings do not seem to have tho fixity of sculpture. All the snakerics and dragonries ap pear to undulate with a swarming motion, elu- sively, in eddyings ns of water. I turn a moment to look back through the glorious light. Sen and sky mingle in the samo boautiful, palo, clear blue. Below me the vast billowing of bluish roofs reaches to the verge of tho unriifHod bay on the right, and to tho verge of tho deep green hills surrounding the city on two sides. And iii the background, boyond tho wooded green hills, rise high serrated cool bine mountains, and enormously lofty abovo the range of them towers an apparition indescribably lovely, ono solitary snowy cono, so filmily exquisite, so spiritually white, that but for its immemorially familiar outlino ono would surely deem it a shape of cloud. Invisible its hose remains, being tho same delicious tint as the sky ; only above tho eternal Bnow lino its dreamy cono nppears, seeming to hang, the ghost of a peak, between the luminous lnnd and tho luminous heaven— tho saored and peeiiess mountain, Fuji-yama. . And suddonly a singular sensation comes upon mo as I Btand boforo tho weirdly eoulptured portal, a sensation of dream and doubt. It socms to mc that tho steps nnd tho dragon swarininggato, and the bluo sky arching over tbo roofs of tho town, nnd tho ghostly beauty of Fuji, and the shadow of myself there stretching upon the groy maBonry, must all vanish pre sently, and that I will find myself opening my eyes after a long sleep in some dim dull ohnm- ber of a sombre dwelling house in some hideous Australian oity. But no! I am truly, fully, dolioiously awnltol Those beautiful weird shapes before me, all sharply limnod in the white oft sunlight, nre not memories of pictures, but the real symbols of a vital faith— the faith of tho gontlo humanity thronging tho wonderful streets I have just left. I know that loss than a season ago the faith of tho Buddha oxisted for mo in reoords only — in texts translated out of old dead tongues— as a something astronomically remote from my awn existence. And now with the sudden conscious ness of having .thus swiftly traversed , as by supernatural power tho space of 20 centuries, thore comes to me ia a new strange way tha knowledge of my own ghostlincss, and a thrill, exquisite/ indescribable, as though some view less, infinite, tender Presence were wrapping me about— the Soul of tho East. BIB JOHN COODE, A FAMOUS ENGINEER. 