CHIEF JUSTICE LILLEY. The announcement of the resignation i of Sir CHAKLES LILLEY, Chief Justice of Queensland, will., be hailed with a feeling of relief on the part of "the people of the colony_ at large ; the relief being somewhat tempered by a feeling of wonder th;3J such a course had not "been adopted^ by his "Honour many months ago at one bound,, instead of being reached by the tottering and uncertain footsteps that were neces- sarily the outcome of procrastination. In a country fruitful of anomalies Sir CHARLES LILLEY beyond all doubt occupied the unique position of being the noblest Roman of them all, ami he enjoyed this position for years. True, murmers of disapprobation were occasionally heard, but JOTK himself frowned, sr-ti murmers naturally were pulverised info indistinct whispers and eventually died an uneventful death. But after all the fable of the Dragon's Teeth has been transacted over again, and the corpse of every slaughtered murnier has sprung up in the shape of an armed man. For years Queensland has been the theatre¿f legal dramas, in which the Chief Justice has been the leading character, supported ably or I otherwise by his sons ; and, as is now a matter of history, the role of the pre- sentations to the public at last became so monotonous that the Parliament of Queensland, timidly enough, in the end gathered sufficient courage to legislate on the subject. Here was the oppor- tunity for Sir CHAULES LILLEX to play his trump card, resignation ; but he passed it b}% and missed his chance. The histor}' of the cause celebre known as the Big Law Case is fresh in the minds of our readers, and it needs no recapitulation in detail. L'oughh* it may be said the Chief Justice rose to the occasion, he practically ignored the findings of the jury, he knocked the system of trial by jury into a cocked hat, and he delivered a verdict that tainted with suspicion the names of some of the most eminent men in Queensland, and delivered a thrust straight into the heart of the credit of the colony. With the justice, cquity or any other feature of the decision given by Sir CHAULES LILLEY in the case under notice we have no concern, suffice it to say the case had been placed in the hands of the jury, and according to English law the plaintiffs and defendants had to look to the jury and not to the judge for the verdict. This .view was confirmed more or less by the FulljCourt hearing the appeal, and the judgement then delivered,which reversed the decision of Sir CHAKLES LILLEY, «as hailed with rejoicings by the people of Queensland. The judge- ment of the Full Court not only re- instated prominent men in the confi- dence of their fellow citizens, relieving them from" the cloak of suspicion in which the verdict of the Chief Justice had enveloped them, but it «ave « eighty demonstration to the fact that Trial bv Jury was not a myth, and that jury- men were not exactly marionettes for judges to play with. The position in which Queensland now stands with regard to the matter is pregnant with lessons. Sir C'IIAKLF.S LILLEY is apparently happily disposed of, but what about hi.- successor ? Does not the occasion warrant Parliament legislating for the prévention of similar fiascos? Without diving deeply imo the subject it is evident that the Chief Justice is master of the Assembly, in- stead, of the State being master of the figure-head of the law it makes. At present judges can interpret the law as they please ami literally snap their fingers at the law-makers, for the simple reason that once a judge is made it is as difficult to get rid of bim as to get butter out of a dog's mouth. This state of affairs has been illustrated in Eng thïnis" uîfia«Cîïo7"o!r"*ïi_.riitally_deaf, two puzzle the powers that be to remove them. The way in which witnesses and jurvmcn have been treated by Queensland Judges in the past is a dis- grace to civilization, and a slur on the intelligence of the individuals who have submitted without a protest to the bounce of the bewiggcd gentleman on the bench. It is time that jurymen were aware that in cases placed in their hands they are the judges, and that the gentleman with the wig and gown is simply placed there at a high sahiry to direct them in points of law. As matters stand at present each unfor- tunate wretch finding himself in the precincts of a Court of Law is haunted by the ghost .called Contempt of Court, and the knowledge of how this new fancied crime has been abased by the judges of Queensland makes him shiver. While on the subject we may mention that future legislalióTf should provide I that juries in criminal cases when find- ing prisoners guilty should decide the 1 punishment according to the statutes, and not leave the infliction of the maxi- mum or minimum sentence to the caprice of I fis Honour. Posing as a republican Sir CHARLES LILLEY has acted the autocrat, and with a cringing smile on his face to demo- cracy he accepted a tinsel title from the Throne and vowed fealty to it. As a good father to his country, and a better one to his sons, Sir CHARLES LILLEY has made his mark on the history of Queensland, but if Queens- land has to choose between the loss of , this patriot, and the right of man to be . tried by his fellows on the jury system, Queensland will gladly forego the patriot. 