. BY COMPTON REA.DE, Author of "Take Oare Whom You Truab," " UnderWhich. King?" " HardLines," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] ; CHAPTER XI.-NfniEars. The Squire, after leaving Lilias, had at ouce given orders that his luggage was to follow him, and left for London. The blow Iiib him hard-not, as it would have wounded another, in the direction of amour proprc, but rather because his fairy illusion had been dissipated, and he felt like one who, having been a firm believer, ? has suddenly been changed to scepti cism. The ideal idol an imaginative brain had moulded with such inconsequent art was shattered; While his people werepacking a bag in haste and the carriage was being put to he began a letter to Lady Ma,naton " Dearest Auntie-I think I shall abandon Crucival; altogether to your disposition, if you will consent to live there and look after things. The place, certes, will know me no more. I have just passed through the bitterest experi ence a tortured breast can writhe under in being repulsed by one " At this point the carriage was announced, so he hastily crammed the unfinished epistle into his desk and rushed forth from his ancient home almost broken- hearted. He did not guess that Mr. Robinson happened^ to have a master-key to open every lock in his sanctum or he would never have left that confession in black and white behind him. As it was, his abrupt exodus having been reported to that limb of the law ere ever he reached the metropolis a careful investiga tion had taken place of his small correspon dence, his diary-containing more than one loving allusion to Lil-and the counterfoil of his cheque-book, together with this tell-tale avowal. Needless to relate that Mr. Robin son now fancied he had an absolutely free hand, nay more, that to delate Captain Allister to condign punishment could but gratify the zprctw injuria formm of a rejected suitor, so he laid his plans accordingly and with all promp titude. True, there were certain details to be arranged before applying for a summons, and being a little apprehensive lest his bird should escapeS he wired for a detective from Scotland Yard, whereby the culprit was placed under surveillance. As for, that wretched individual, when the tidings came of John Crueival's flight his nervousness increased. He did not for a moment surmise that Lilias had dismissed her admirer, neither did the young lady deem it necessary to inform him on the subject. On the contrary, he attributed the Squire's depar ture to information concerning himself, con veyed possibly per Robinson, possibly per the baron. Guilt will ever raise ghosts to torment itself and the hideous presentiment of ap proaching: evil haunted him to such an extent that he actually contemplated the desperate expedient of making a, dash for some such im possible region as Sierra Leone with a few pounds at his disposal, and with that intent kissed Lilias and strolled towards the railway station. ? He had not, however, advanced three dozen yards beyond his own gate -when he espied a stranger.: Somehow it occurred to him that he had noticed that identical man idling on that identical spot the previous evening, but he passed him leisurely and with apparent un concern. A few minutes afterwards he chanced to look back, and now that idle fellow had suddenly, ceased hi3 idling and was following in his wake. It might mean nothing, so he marched into the bar of the Bishop Blaise Inn, drank a glass of beer, chatted with the land lady, and emerged. There was that same idler, and again when he turned towards the station footsteps echoed behind him. He shivered involuntarily. "What did this mean ? ., Bewildered, his heart beating, yet with the resolution of despair, he hurried onwards.. A train to Teverley was overdue. He took a ticket1, and as soon as the locomotive stopped jumped into a crowded carriage and made for the farther corner. The idling fellow some how did not trouble to ask for a ticket, but whispered to the guard and took his seat in the same Carriage, a passenger being moved to make room for him. This manoeuvre carried its own inference on the face of it; so Captain Allister, his face flushing, just before the train started made a dash for . the door and regained the platform. Then he tore up his ticket and walked home, the detective still dogging his steps. Entering, he slammed the door in the man's face with such force as to startle Lilias, who petulantly eiiquiredwhat in the world was the matter. '.Simply this, girl," cried the old sinner, the muscles of his face seeming to knot in his wild desperation, "the game's up?' " What do you mean? Dear daddy, what has happened ?" He paused, as one choking. It really looked as if words could not escape those livid, quiver ing lips. ; At last with a mighty effort he con trives to stammer, "It's come to this. You and I must part company. Never mind what becomes of me or where" I go to. Sauvc qui pent/ You must find a home somewhere at once as governess, companion, or something." " Why, daddy V" "Lil, the truth has to be confessed; it has already been concealed too long. But," speak ing a trifle more calmly, " I have kept it back both in kindness to you and from a feeling of unutterable shame. Now you've 'got to hear it you'll despise me, but so it must bB." "Daddy, dear daddy, don't talk so. What ever happens I will not desert my daddy." '' Ha! : Is that so ? Perhap3 you might even now save him if you would. But- hold-first hear me. Afterwards, perehanee, you may think differently." "Never! Mother would reproach me from her tomb were I to prove false." "Mother?" gasped the old man shading his eyes. "Poor mother! Poor mother! Lil, do you remember that vile workhouse?" "Yes, indeed; I've only too much cause to do so. It was the workhouse robbed me of her sweet" presence. Shall I ever forget those black months of suffering, though I was only a child at the time ! Such clothes, such food, such -people to herd with?" "..Yes, yes. And you recollect also how, after a. long absence, I returned all in a moment with money in my hand; aye, and plenty of it?" "Daddy," with solemn emphasis, "who gave you that money ?" " No one, Lil. No one." "Then bow did you come by it ?" "John Crucival was accidentally thrown from his horse, and " " John Crucival !-dadoly, you horrify me! Was it h is money ?" The old sinner faltered. He could not look the childjhe had reared in the face. A glimpse of her pure countenance, transfixed by horror, pain, and downright anger, appalled him. \\\ ith his gaze closely rivetted on the carpet he proceeded in the low, hollow tone of a villain ironi whom a confession is being wrung. " He lay insensible and alone in a country lane not far from Stockton. I did not even recognise him. Had I done so I might have acted differently. As it was I arrived on the spot by a coincidence simply miraculous. We were both of U3 hundreds of miles from home. I was starving and in rags; yes, starving ancl mad. His cheque-book actually lay on the ground before me. The temptation would liave mastered a stronger mind than mine. It was his money saved us all; on his money you have been fed and clothed all these years, and " " Do you tell me he knows this?" "Icould have told you-to the best of my belief-a week ago, that he knew nothing, or he would never have met me so cordially. Others know, that is certain. What money I have has been impounded and a detective has been following me all this morning. Besides, I have been identified, thanks to that bitter enemy of mine, Robinson." It was-Lil's turn now to look stunned. Her color left her lips, yet a strange fire darted from twp flashing eyas as she turned for a moment on her accuser. " And conscious as you were of all this, you tried your best to persuade me to trick that good and true gentleman ?" "Trick," he echoed contemptuously; "E wished, if you didn't care to save me, at least to save yourself." " "i ou asked me to be guilty of the pitiful deceit of playing with the affections of the man you liaol robbed. Thank heaven I was nob so base." J " What do you mean, girl ?" "Simply that when Mr. Crucival spoke of maniage I told him it was impossible." He started to his feet, his eye glaring wildly. >: " Now I understand it all-the Philistines be upon thee, Samson ! Now it's clear as day light why the Squire left the Court in such a hurry. They didn't dare let slip the dogs of war so long as their master allowed his name to be coupled with that of Bill Brocket's daughter. It's all over-all over, and-" With a wrench he pulled the vintner's ten round note out of his pocket and flung it on the table, before her exclaiming, "The last shot in the locker! Take it and save yourself." But Lilias Brocket's breast was bursting with a bitter sense of injury. _ She did not com prehend ;the meaning of his miserable words; all she thought of was herself and her own shame and wrong. This it was which in a trice had hardened her soft nature and turned her against the man she had hitherto loved as a father. ?? "This money," she said, and her words breathed the spirit of scathing scorn, "belongs neither to you nor to me, bub to Mr. Crucival. All we have, even the very clothes on our backs, are his; and this at all events shall be lestored to its rightful owner." There\ wa3 no "daddy" now, nob a syllable of pity, iof love, of sympathy, or of sorrow for that being with an awe-stricken face who pat- in front of her. As it were paralysed by the dignity of innocent and injured virtue she swept to her escritoire in the corner of the room, scribbled a line to the Squire, inserted the note, and turned to ask for his address, while during the three minutes occupied by this passionate scrawl there were focussed on her a pair of lustreless, hopeless eyes. A crowd of memories in that brief space passed through the worn, weary brain of the broken man. He remembered how he had brought her mother with the infant at her breast back from China, how he had sacrificed his fortune for her sake, how all these years he had idolised this very child, who now in the hour of horror requitted him -with contempt. And then he saw her countenance change from the sweeb look of her mother to the strong temper of his old comrade in arms, Bill Brocket, and a scene came back when the gallant soldier had thrashed a skunk for cheating at cards. There at that desk sat Bill's daughter wearing Bill's expression when he detectsd the cheat. It all uprose in judgment against him, and when she coldly put this plain question he could bub shake his head in silence. Then in a whisper so unearthly that it should have cautioned her he muttered, "You'd better keep that ten pounds." "Do you take me for a thief?" shrilled she, avoiding his eye. But he vouchsafed no response, save as she sailed out of the room to hold out his hand. The action signified farewell. It was the last warm pulsation of a poor sinner's heart. But again virtue, the virtue which had never been tempted and had therefore never fallen, hardened her whole self. With a gesture of contempt she brushed past him, the letter m her hand, and hastily donning a cloak and hat left the old home to hurry in her passion and pain to Mr. Robinson's office. (To be continual. J 