Lawn Tennis. All Communications inteuded for publication in this column Bhould be addressed to the Editor and marked : Lawn Tennis. The secretaries of tennis clubs, and others who are interested in the. game, and desire to record its progress, are invited to contribute to our columns. Notices of fixtures, matches, or the foundation of new clubs, etc., will be welcomed.-ED. I. S. NEWS. The newt that all future intercolonial and championship matches in Melbourne will be played on grass will meet with the hearty approval of the lawn tennis public. For a long time past all the leading Vic- torian players have been in favor of the grass game, so the change will not cause any surprise. The only wonder is that they have stuck to their asphalt so long. It was bad enough for the spectators being cooped up on the courts of the M.C.C., with the thermometer at 102deg, and a gal- vanised iron fence to intensify the heat as much as possible ; but for the players it must have been truly awful. What with the heat, the glare off the asphalt, and blistered feet, the lot of the players was not an enviable one. Now all this is changed, and we look confidently forward to a vision of green lawns, and plenty of s^ace for the spectators to wander about and view the matches with comfort. ? * * It is impossible to endorse the views of a correspondent who seems to think that private clubs should be discouraged as muchas possible. Private clubB may do a lot of good when the players have suffi- cient enthusiasm, to turnup regularly to matches, and thus give good practice to the other teams. Supposing the Sydney Club were to play their best team regularly, there is no other club in the colony which would stand a ghost of a show with them. This club, however, seldom or never puts the best team in the field, and consequently gets beaten when it meets a team that is accustomed to playing together. The other clubs ought to be, and no doubt are, thankful for the presence of the Glen Boona team in the trophy matches. With the exception of Noble, there is not a single first-class man in the team, and yet, through their regular prac- tice together, they play the best, double game of any club in Sydney. If there were more teams competing with the spirit the Glen Boona men put into their work, it would do a lot of good for the game in this colony. On the other hand, it certainly seems unfair that a private club should be represented on the association, and, as has been said before in these columns, stringent rules should be made to prevent private clubs playing any casual visitor in the matches. Under the present rules this could be done, but, provided suitable rules are made to meet the case, private olubs should be encouraged rather than the reverse. * » * Nothing very eventful ocourred in the sixth round of the trophy matches. Glen Boona' and Sydney both won the full com- plement of games, so their position remains unaltered. Phillip-street beat Wahgunyah pretty easily by 42 games to 33. For the winners Austin and Smith played by far the: best game, not losing a set. Austin had one or two very good strokes, but should practise his back hand. The closest match of the round was that between Ash- field and University, the former just win- ning by 34 games to 38. Barbour and King, who are excellent exponents of the double game as played by the ancients, are to be congratulated on their combination, but they really should learn a less anti- quated double game. Crane is a good man, and W. Merewether deserves mention. The latter should keep his strokes farther back. Glen Boona simply ran over Bevon shire by 48 games to 18. The latter had.Cross- man playing for them! Sydney beat Strathfield by 48 games to 24. As an exhibition of doubles the game was a long way behind the times. J. R. King knew how to play the game, but his partner didn't. Tiley plays a better game than three of the men who were in the last intercolonial team, but he wants to prac- tise his forehand. Mansfield played a fair game, but is apparently ignorant of posi- tion, and made a great many foot faults. The losers all play a game of respectable mediocrity. Leibius can play a really good single, but his double game is unfit for publication. V It is curious how badly the N.S.W. men slay doubles as a rule. With the exception of Budley Webb and Fitzgerald there is not a single first-class pair in the colony. There are several men who, individually, play an excellent double game, but unfortunately they haven't got partners. In Melbourne the double game has reached a higher pitch of excellence than the single game. There is a large number of pairs there who play a really good double game. A man mut.t come in off his service to play effectively in doubles, and partners should ketp abreast as much as possible. Of course, the more delicate phases of the game, such as crossing and leaving certain bulls, can only be learnt by practice with one's part- ner and knowledge of his game. * In class B Manly put down Bevon shire very badly by 48 games to 15. Brodie and Bowling played an excellent game for the winners, losing only . two games ,in the four sets. The Grasshoppers succeeded in beating the Grammar Scnool team by 39 games to 36 after an excellent match. Goddard and Johnston showed the best form and play remarkably well together. St. Leonards beat Ashfield easily by 44 games to 23. For St. Leonards Lindon and Joscelyne played a very good game, and were a class above the other pairs. Yarrandabby had a good match with Strathfield, winning by 42 games to 36. Tate and Cruickshank showed some good tennis. Cruickshank^ volleying is a bit warm .for B (play, but he is uncertain. The finish between Grasshoppers, Gram- mar School, Sydney, and Manly promises to be very close, and there should be some keen play for the B trophy. * * * In the C competition there was little of importance, and the victory of Balmain over the Sydney Grammar School by 45 games to 25 makes the C trophy almost a certainty for the former, club. Manly played a close match with Wahgunyah, winning by 40 gam°s to 33. Smith and Rawson showed the best form for the winners. After a very in-and-out match, in which there were no less than four love sets, Chepstow succeeded in beating Lo relly, mainly through the good form of K. and C. Newman, by 32 games to 27. * « * The following are the scores of the dif- ferent teams up to date : Class A.-Glen Koona, 263; Sydney, 251; Ashfield, 233; Phillip-street, 218; University, 198; Strathfield, 194, Wahgunyah, 188 ; Devon- shire, 185. Class B.-Grasshoppers, 259; Grammar School, 255; Sydney, ; Manly, 255; Ashfield, 225; St. Leonards, 208 ; University, ; Strathfield, 179.; Devonshire, 124. Class C.-Balmain, 250; Grammar School, 215 ; Windsor, 175; Manly, 203; Wahgunyah, 188; Lorelly, 186 ; Cheupstow, 176 ; Tarrandably, ; Devonshire, ' . .._. ;-' A 