Uiovclitt, A Late Rep entatlle; OR, THE LITTLE WIETE HAND. By Mrs. Mary A. Denison. CHAPTER XI. " WHY 1 HER HUSILA TD, OF COUnsE I" A little cottage, superlatively cool and dark about the hall by reason of the many clam bering vines that dropped rich clusters of flmsees here and there over the porch. A poor little cottage,but a clean and wholesome habitation. The hall floor was sanded. It had two flag bottomed chaire in it, one each side of a tiny table, and a child's carriage, very bright and pretty but sorely delapidated as to up. holstering, stood at the farther end, next the door that led into the yard. Theron, reposing upon a pillow white as show, was an enor mous rag baby, dressed in a child's Ir 4. with two flabby and very much worn , m . lying outside the gay silk counterpane. Ia the room at the front were various articles of furniture, no two alike, that had been bought at saler to make up the housekeeping of a tidy young couple who had very little money to begin with. Neit was the kitchen, with its sanded floor and shining dressers. Never was such a wonderful array of tins that really dazzled one when the sun shone in, as if they had been silver. A red-cbeeked woman, rather young and -a ther comely, was putting the last touches nipriin mendry loaves as white as snow, just SE:ady for the oven. Ever and anon she w4vold look out of the window under the flut tering folds of the curtains that beautified tdi under half of the panes, at a child,whose hIttle face was halt hidden, by a long, demure ,ioking shaker. She seemed hunting for flswers, and her little voice hummed in a happy way-or burst into musical laughter as whim, fancy, or pleasure touched her. The woman kept calling to her, as garru lous tonges must alwayshave some excuse for clanking. "Dotty, don't go into the sunn." "Dotty, take the flowers out of your apron." "Dotty, get out of that dirt." And finally a call, which the child respended with alacrity : "Dotty, come in and get some milk and nake." In came the wee thing, her shaker pushed back upon her neck. And now one could see ,hat the child was a very cherub for beauty. Great golden curls, heavenly blue eyes, a red mouth, as dainty and shining as the two halves of a ripe cherry, and beautiful milk chite teeth. This was the personnel of little Dotty Inchrowe. "Come here, my darling; do you know you're not worth your keep I" cried the little woman, heartily twisting off:her floored apron with a dextrous movement, and whisk ing the child up to her knee. "I oves oo," was the sweet answer, and the lips looked more like ripe cherries than ever. "And if I didn't love you, I wonder what would become of you 2" queried the woman, in a half merry, half petulant voice, then added aside: "For two years I ain't seen the color of their money, and likely enough, poor chick, they're all dead or gone off to the old country. Well, well-mothers might as well be cats, some of 'em." "Cake-cake, mamma." "Oh, you ravenous little robin, it's well you were born a beauty. Suppose, now. you were red-headed, freckled, snub-nosed, with a mouth like an eel's, I wonder how you'd fare then? But it's an angei you are,and so its father thinks." One peculierity this woman had of liken ing everything that pleased or disgusted her to some reptile, bc.est, or bird. It was a little mannerism prdtu:tihe sometime of mirth and sometimes in-uring a rebuke from her matter-of fact husband; but it seemed in bred, and no reproof could break her of the habit. Prcesntly a neighbor appeared at the k- :kitclien dobr--a tell wom n, all nose and square chin, the lav"r ctlually divided in tl'e centre by what was calld by courtesy a 'imssle. She wore a shaker which was the *aoshionable coveritrg for yeoueg and old in that Ircllity, a scant cbocolate-colored wrapper, 'Id her neck was auiltless of ruitle or any show of lrnen. Instead a brood rnbhon of chocl.r?o rand white, very much faded and runm l.!; wcs tied in a bow, hut, as she said, layii.g her handl on it, it had "wohhle'd round to the ride.' "Why,Mis,: Prssy I'" wse the little woman'e informal weelerme. " i didn't know as you'd got back." "Well, yes, here be what's left o' me-a mere bag o' booes, I tell tie hunnel." "Do eit down and let me know all about t:. And, seizing the diecarded apron, she wiped a chair, though there was no need for it, and pltc-d it for her vi-itor. "The lord is mu.-siful Miss Inchrowe, though it's hut poor stick's we be," continued Mies Pris y, in her high, naval tones, sliding on to rite chair, and cro-sing her hands by the wrists. " Ef he wasn't mussiful, I wouldn't bo here." "Why - anything happened ?" asked Dotty'p owner. " Didn't you enjoy yourself down to P;cksville? Didn't you leave the folks all well?" "Um-what didn't die and what wasn't murdered," was the laconic responee. "Oh, my goodness I What do you mean?" stied the little woman, getting very close to her vis:tor ; tyou make me feel like a green. Sbcck--I mean them snakes that wriggle so. Why the cold chills go creepn'" aown my sping liitd die." LIP "?'se seen elghts, HMies lnchrowe-sights," coutinued Miiss Peesey, having worked her listener up to the highest point of feminine .curiosity. "My cousin's youngest gal died o' fever, and she was blue as indigo about thle noso, and so she was buried. Then Deacer Meelstick, aged eighty nine, was to chu'ch in the n.orning, and towards tea tire was tuok with a stroke, and buried on a ,Wdnesday. Then old Stacks lest his old great granny, oser a hundred and six, and lived on barley water for ten years, gradilly drying up till taken in her cheer, five o'clock in the morning, which hoe hadn't dressed herself afore for fifteen years. She'd the biggest funerial I ever saw-people seemed to come from the ends of the earth, in car riages and stage coaches : and lastly of all, a passenger who stepped at the old Stak's house was murdered in her bed-and she ain't buried yet, I expect. To tell the truth, en I said to the kunnel, I took a fright and cleared out." : Lh,Mies Prist y, what a story of horrors! Bless me, it just makes me feel as if some trouble was coming to us. " Who murdered the poor creature?" " Why, her husband. of coursn L" said Miss Prissy; with a severe. recent, aettiug her teeth 'togethei'r and iecrboeig lher wrisats "but people will git married." " Of course they will, Miss Prissy, but it's only here and thelr ore bets murdered, you know." "Only by slow degrees-by inches as it were," said Miss Prissy, ciciously, which I knows of several casgs, children or no child ren." "But what did he do it for 1" "What do men do everything wicked for? W'-at do they exist for ?" asked Miss Priseey. ". wish unto Heaven that the world was rid of them." "Oh, now, Miss Prissy, look at my hus band." "Well, there are deceptions, of course." "You mean exceptions, Miss Prissy." "Well, the Lord is mussiful. He knows what I mean. But don't I smell bean soup ?" "Yes, you do, Stephen is so fond of it 1 Won't you stay and have some?" for Miss Prissy had risen by inches, and covered her long nose with her shaker. "I would, Miss Inchrowe, but we've got bean soup to :home, I thank you. Do you cut your pork up small?' "Ra-ther small," answered the little woman dubiously. " It should be so small that you could pick up two on the tongs of a fork, and fried till brown. Then turn the soup over.". "Turn the soup over?" quei?d the other. - , "Yes, on to the frizzled pork. Well,' I believe I've told yop everything. As I said before, the Lord is tnussiful, and poor shoats we be. Good-morning." : All this time little Dottylhad been silently munchiug her cake and eyeing Miss Prissy's long nose, which seemed lohger because thee was a wart on the end of it. Now she was sitting quiet and silent, her e:, . fixed on the hoard. "' What's Dotty thinking about," asked the little woman, letting out a whit of peculiar fragrance as she opened the oven door. "Dotty ain't einkin' nothin'," was the re ply, and the child crlmbered down, and ran screaming with delight to the door. She had heard iootsteps that. rough a:nd uneven though they vere. held a subtle harmony which only a child's ear could interpret, and in another minute the pretty creature was caught and swung up aloft, ter great blue eyes looking down into the honest brown ouis shining under tie broken rim of a straw hat. SI declare to you,'Nddy, that child eats into my heart every day,"he said, as he came in and hungu up his shaky ls?t. "She eat into mine long aso ; and now, like a little mouse, sbe stays there nibbling,' laughed his wife. "But comie, Stephen, the soup is ready." CIItlPTER XII. "FIVE e UNDnED DOLLARS ItEWARD I" Autumn winds had touched the lorig ten. drils of the vines still hanging lovinrgly to the tidy porch, and throw great splashes of yellow and brown on hilt and field. They had also changed the color of the sky and the tinting of the rivers. The great dahlias in Stephen Inchrowe's little back garden flamed in crimson and all shades of red, but the first frost had touched them, and they hung their heads languidly like sick children. L t.i" Mics Dotty's toilet had changed like wise. A frock of thick stuff. a brown back ground, plied with bright ecarlet streaks, set off her childish beauty. The round white arms were warmly incased in apron-sleeves, and only a bit of her milk-white neck was visible. "Well,Strenie, how about the land ?"asked his wife, as he cams in one night, tired from the milking, and : at down to the cheerfol tea table. " Don't ask me," he said, with the fair frankness of his face growing cloudy. ' Winch won't let me have it under the two hun dred down, and it is cheap, dirt cheap. If that money would only come I" "It's been owing now for two years. It would be more than the two hundred,Steenie. Bless her darling little head I" These words were delivered, with a loving glance towards the child, who, quite ab stracted from the contetlple.tion of all earthly matters beyond her own little world was busy hushing her doll to sleep. "Bless her I" ejaculated Stephen, the cloud vanishing, " she's worth more than a good many acres of lanrt." "That she i-. And do ye know, Steenie, it seems someritumc an if she must be my own flesh and blood, there's sech a oneness between us? And then she's just a perfect little beauty." '" Tnere's no child can match her in this town,"added Stepi~ter, proudly. "And the beet of it is, nobody hero knows aught but she's our child." " That's so. Since we brought her here, withio three y,-rs, I've never whispered a word of it; aind she, poor darling, will think we are ker parents till the end o' time." " Tibat is, if they rnever come after her," looking at the li:tle one who had apparently suceeded, in hier motherly task, and was now trcking up the doll to profound slumber for the niht. Ii thecy come after her, Steenie, it would breal: ay heart, since there's never likely to be nonue a' my own." " Never mind. little woman-don't cry; I'tl be time enough when the trouble comes; snd it mtay never." " Wouldr't y,;u give her up, even for the money, Steeuie ?" asked his wile with tearful eyes. " Ive told you a'ready, the money's no thing, though I do want the bit a' land sorely." " hIrmy, mammy l" coaxed the child's sweet eoice. Tihe little woman caught her passionately to her b'stre. Osly three diays after, Miss Prissy came itto trhe hous', her cap-strings flying. " If here bant an advertisement for alittle ta!l hs.er hnamee'- the very same as yours,"'he -a'd terathlevely: "and do gi' me some seeds o' them morniu' glories you had in the summer. It lest came to my head that we never he- ucaho rich ones, nor near so hi;t." The little woman felt the blood leave her face ,ir.p by drop, and she caught at the re qurat for morning-glory seed, as a drowning man catches at a straw, to save her con science atd appearance. From the first word that had tailen about the advertisement, she had be!ievtd that the parents of Dotty were on her track, "though surely the father mest know," she said to herself. " I'll give you plenty of seed," she an swered, pulling on her shaker to hide her face, which had grown so white that, as she caught a side glance, in the little glass, a frightened her. " But you should have nice earth, well mixed with stable manure. An advertisement, did you say? And the name same as Dotty's! Well, don't know as that's anything singular. Let me see it." "There 'tie. And ain't you robbed your self o' them seeds? Well, the Lord's mueoi ful, and we be poor shoats. If I don't make es good a show next year as Miss Brown on the corner, my name ain't Prissy. But land, I must be going." " Oh, this is a story paper, isn't it? Let me look at it awhile, won't you? "'ll hand it back." "Keep it and welcome. It ain't nothin' more to me, and the kunnel never looks at a paper twice. Good-morning." As the lank figure disappoa:cd, little Mrs. Inchrowe threw her bonnet to the floor, pressed beck her hair,draw a long breo:h,end held the paper up to her eyes with unsteJady hands. Little Dotty was nursing dcl, in near vieinit-t6~ o m puddle;- algewheose dcage stood a number of curious conrieal piles, dripping and black, and which were supposed to be pies, ready for the oven. The child had dabbled her clean clothes, and was stealthily and gleefully enjoying the dirt. " R?E\WAo OFFERED." That was the way it commenced. "FIVE HUNDREDs DOLLARS I1E'ARD.-FOUr years ago a little child was put to board by its father, under an assumed surname with a farmer's family in Pennsylvania town. The father having left the country, as is supposed, and the mother beinganxious for the recovery of the little one, offers the above named sum for any news of its whereaboute. The family were strangers in the place and foreigners. The child was called Dotty, diminutive for Dorothea. Information may be sent to the old Staaks House, Peckoville. Allarrearages will be promptly paid." "Father gone out of the country," mur mured the woman, " mother don't even know what name the child had. Oh, I can't give her up." " Well, wife, that is news;" said Stephen, with a long, low whietle. "Five hundred dollars and all ariearages paid up, that'll be over seven hundred dotlars, and I'm a made man," he added, striking his thigh. " Oh, Steenie 'I" cried his wife, and the cry was almost a shriek. "I've had her for my ý"ery own so long, I shall die to lose her now. ."Why, little woman I But you see what right have we to keep her?" "Eveiry right; hasn't she slept in my bosom for almost five years? VWhat have they cared for her in all that time?" she sobbed, passionately. " Steenie, it would be worse than laying her in the grave-oh, a thousand times worse. My heart is bound up in her; if she went, you would soon lore me. too, Steenie; you would, you would." Now S'ephen, ordinary man though he was, loved his thrifty little wife to distrao. tion. It cut hiu to the heart to seeher tears and hear her her oans. Ito had often talked over the pu?'thihty of this ending for the child, but never loheket at it quite in earnest. Toe little one swas also very dear to him-so dear that to mi..s the putter of her tiny feet as he came to the door, and to feel that she was gone from himn forever, would have shaken him to the very core of his being, But he also felt for this unknown, perhaps e.ffering woman; though it was true,atleaat apppaeoutly so, that she had not cared for the child enough to inquire after its well being. He reflesued also that the little one might be the child of misfortune, and in that case the woman had been sorely hampered, and unable to compass the fultiment of her wishes, as an innocent mother might have dove. And to what might he consign the child? In his home she was sure to grow gentle, modest, and humble, trained to be the excellent wife of an honest working man--in his eyes, the best condition in the world. On the other hand, all her future was hidden in the dark, and though they might not know it, there would always be a latent and terrible fear and P; .1 uncertainty. " Oh, Steeie, you do look so solemn I You are going to give her up-give up our darling for money." "But. deary, how can we keep her in con sciaee?" "We can-we can; we need never say any. thing about the advertisement. Ifthey come hrre-if somebody sends them-and claim her, then I must let her go; but any other way. would kill me, surely." " ullh, hush I don't talk in that manner," he said, patting her head, for she was on her knees at the side of his chair; let's think it all over, and sleep on it at least. Then we'll see to morrow." "Oh, but Steenie, to sell her-to sell her for money I" "' You're stark crazy about it, little woman," said Stephen, as he took the child on his lap-stark, starin' mad. If you'll think a little, she isn't yours. "Oh, but, Steenie, I love her so I Steenie, you don't know how I love her," she reite rated pathetically, the tears streaming down her cheeks, " She's my baby, Steenie, my only one. What would I do if you were gone? Who would take your place? Just so I feel about her. It's only being silent. I'm sure there something wrong about them that owned her. and that wouldn't bear the light of day. They had no right to neglect her; she hasn't had the mother feeliug once, and I have had all the love, and care, and trouble, without pay, too, Steenie; and I be. lieve I felt better. Oh, Steenie, think with me, and let me keep her." " Well, well, we'll see. Of course we must give up the land." "Oh, husband I you wouldn't sell herl" "I can't see it in that light, little woman, but, of course, you've always brought me round, and always will, I believe, seeing I'm such a goose as to be brought round by a woman. I suppose as we might keep still about it." "Oh, Steenie l" There was such breathless senspense in her eyes, how could he endure it? So he said, much against his better judgement: "Well, well, we won't say anything about it for the present." And she left him with shining eyes. CHAPTER XIII naLTTOn'B FrIOeS In order to account for the advertisement, we must go back to the time when, in the best spare chamber of the inn, a fair woman lay under the mask of death, andpublio curi osity was raised to its utmost. The usual means were taken to discover the culprit, but so carefully prepared had been all the details of the escape that no light had yet been thrown upon the matter. The coachman had seen a man sitting motionless upon a black horse at the corner of a certamn road, iut though the road had been thoroughly searched, the horseman had apparently bIet seen by no other human being. It was the second dty after the inquest,ani several physicians had driven to' the old Stasks house, whose broad portals were filled with men who had come for miles, many of ihem to be present at the funneral services of old Granny Staaks. These medical and Iqientifio gentlemen had come for a purpose; that purpose was dissection of the stomach of the poor victim, in order to asoertain what was the nature of the poison by which she evidently died. When the funeral eorlega left, Daiton, not having a foidness for su vices of that lugubrious kind, had managed to remain behind. Those of the servants who did not go were moving quietly about the kitchen and back premises. Andrew, with a book in his hand as usual, eat in his grotesque fashion, shoulders over ears, oblivious to all that was passing abou: him. To him the soft, neutral tints of the bill-side, the gentle curve of the valley, the flickering shadows of gold and green that seemed to chase each other over the fields, the intense blue of the sky--a June blue that sometimes creeps into an autumn atmos phere, the sloping islands of white cloud, fading from brightness into beauty were as nothing. He was deep in some meditevel con. quest. Dalton had stationed himself by the win dow from which she had called him a few evenings before. A late bird piped sweet musio from the boughs of a solitary tree growing before the porch. It seemed to him like a shrine, that casement, whose panes of greenish white glass were set in diamond shaped, and it was to be forever associated in his mind with the singular intensity of feeling with which he had regarded an utter stranger. Now he could hear tihe ; ovementa in the inn.r-oha?mt,.eana e.--mound of soft talking. He set his lips together hard as he thought of that day, and the man whose dastardly deed had tarnished the brightness of this poor, gentle life. Suddenly the handle of the door turned. A longish face, with longish hair and beard, and a pair of green spectacles, under which the eyes looked as round and hard as pehbbles, was thrust out. He nodded towards Dalton as if he wished to speak with him. The boy went forward and taw that the man had a towel in his hand, and that his face was un naturally pale. "My laa,t wish you would call your mother immediately." " Mother's not at home, sir; she's gone to granny's funeral." " Oh, yes," Eaid the man, softly, looking at the wall over Dalton's head. " On, yes," he reflected, " 1 might have known. How is it with the maids-are they all gone?" he asked. Dalton noticed that the talk in the next room was very rapid, and that there was a deal of confused moving about as of chairs and tables being pushed aside. " There's Hannah Crag, she that helps the cook," said Dalton, " and Mary Medway the chambermaid." "Which is the oldest T' asked the doctor. " Oh, Hannah Cr?g, I think. She's older than mother, though Mary Medway isn't much younger. They've both been here for years." "We may vant two," said the doctor medi tatively; " but just at present you may ask Hannah Crag up here. Tell her to bring some water, Doiling Iact." "Yes, sir," said Dalton, and ~gappeared on his errand. Presently he came upstaire, followed by annah, whose moon like face, smooth, gray hair, small blue eyes, and pendulous ponder ous double chin were all quivering with curi osity. "If ever there's a thing I do detest," she paid, as she stopped for a moment on the landing to recover her breath, "it's being called anywhere to do anything by a doctor. How ever shall I face them all ?" " Oh, easy enough, Hannah; I don't sup pose there's much to do," said Dalton. " If it was gruel, now, or wine whey-but I'll dream of it for nights if I have to see or touch that woman." " There, I've knocked," said Dalton, " you must go in," and as the door opened he gently pushed her forward. Then he list ened. There was more talking, then a quick, ter rified seream, then the door opened. Hannah Crag rushed past him, almost knocking him down, her Ifce pale, her mouth open, and flew down the stairs as fast as her ponderous limbs would allow. It happened that as she disappeared, and before Dalton could speak, Mary Medway, who was a slender woman, with a dried up-face, thungh it was by no means an ulnplearant one, was coming from somewhere in the upper regions, and just as she ",ade her appearance opposite Dalton, the dectur's face was at the door. " Where's that fool gone ?" he asked, aeg:ily. "Come: in here a few moments and I'll fay y':u far it." he added, addressing Mary Medway, v:l.o gave one slow glance ,fro,, Dalton to the doctor, and then went in. Dalton listened now all in a tremor. What could it be? Nesver had his curiosity been so awakened. Again a cry, though fainter and Irs- s".prised then Ilannsh Crag's had been, so5uded in the still mss, but. Mary did not come out as hLr predee--scr had done, but remained-and there was again a great rat. tli'g--then dead silence. What could it be? Dalton ran down stairs to find Hannah Crag. but Hannah was net to be seen. She had fled from the house, and gone to a crony of here, a neighboring servant. There was a shed directly under the win dows of the spare room, and into whose windows by standing on tiptoe he could look. It was easy of ascent by a heavy trellis of wood-work which he had often climbed. WrI. much labor he lifted himself from one croes-p:ece to the other till he alighted on the shed. The blinds were closed, but the slats being moveable, he could manage to bring a part of the room within the score of his vision. He distinctly saw Mary Medway folding a large piece of blanket, and then stooping over the bed. Just then, the same doctor who had appeared at the door-way came forward, holding a vial up and shaking it. Still intent upon the thing that occupied his thoughts, he drew himself up by main force, holding on to the blind- fastenings, so that he could see the bed. Then a dreadful tremor came over him. He shivered from bead to foot, and grew dizzy, nearly falling, hilt waving himself by a clutch at the blinds. Fearful that the noise he made would at. trace attention, he let himself down, clamb. ered over the trollis, ran through the wide hall,and appeared on the porch so thoroughly shaken up, that Andrew, startled from his book, directed his attention that way, then gave a sort of shake to his shoulders that re leased his ears. "Whatever'e come over you, boy," he queried, letting the book rest on his knee. " I-I've seen her 1" said Dalton with chat tering teeth. " Well, what ol it ? It's not the first dead body you've looked at in your life-time, is it?" "But-but"-and he clutched Andrew's shoulder with his shaking hand-" ehe's not dead i" "What l" and Andrew sprang up iwith-the agility of a monkey. " I--I saw her as plainly as I see you n; the bed-curtains were drawn, the pillows piled high; she seemed half-sitting, and I swear she opened her eyes and moved her head." "You ewear I Who ever heard such a crazy loon ? He swears a poisoned woman, who ias been dead two days, is living-" " And that," e-.id Dalton pursuing his own thoughts, "ie the mianing of the screams. Both of them screamed, and poor Hannah was frightened out of her wits." "Well, what now? Who was it screamed, and when ?" queried Andrew, picking up his hbnk. "You are a great one to mystify folks." " Why the doctor looked out of the door: [Iwas upin the wiudonw. Says he. 'I want your mother.' 1 told him shehad gone to the funeral. Then he asked about the v.:man fulke. I went down and g;ets annah Crag. She goes in there, and gives a screech ei'nugh to waken the dead, and out she runs n it a ghost was after her. Then Mary M Jwi.y goes in, and she, too, screams, but ', "taoys. Then I was so eager to know o:'at the m-tatter was that I climbed the old ehed, and what I tell you is truth. Thatpoor cr ,ture w,, all thought dead,is as much alive as you or I. I'm certain I saw her turn her " They're practicing on her with a galvanic tmchin~oe-that makes dead people move,"eaid Andr-,w, crawling back to his seat. " Tiey'ri, doing nothing of the kind; she was in a trancs , likelier. There's Hannah coming back. I any, Hannah, come here." Hannah Crag, like a lively epitome of her name, came laboring on, her eyes still dis teinde, her face pale. "Toll Andrew if I'm right," said Dalton. Isn't that poor creature upstairs alive?" And he caught her by the arm. " Dhn't uek me, PIlavter Steaks. Oh, Lord, I'm tit to lie down this minute and give up the gbhos,with the fright I've had this blessed day. My heart beats like a trip- hammer, and there's a wind been a-blowing down my spine ever since. Lord I how I was took to inea her lying there looking straight at "Alie, Hannah ?" said Dalton with start ling emphasis. " Well, if she w'asn't, then I'm dead-and bunrcd," she added, reflectively. "There I what did I tell you ?" ejaculated Dalton, in a tone of triumph. " I never saw anything like it-I never did," continued Hannah Crag, helplessly. "I never, never did-never never I neverl" aiter which asseveration, repeated with the fervor of a prayer, Hannah shook her round face till the quivering muscles looked ready to drop, and took her way to the kitchen. \ Well, I shouldn't wonder if she never did," said Andrew, composedly. "How sorry that wicked scamp would be if he knew it l Now we shall hear all about it-for she'll tell," he added. " I hope sun will, but I'm afraid not," Dal. ton responded, musingly, a smouldering fire in his eyes, his cheeks and lips burning. "But I'll tell you what, I've spotted him." "You ?" queried Andrew, incredulously. "Yes, I." "Pray, how did you do it, sir knight of the sacred heart ?" " I took his likeness. Never did anything of the kind so well. I mean to carry it about with me, and it ever I meet the fellow, won't I punish him ?" "By telling him she's alive ?" "Not a bit of it. It's murder in intention -cold. cruel murder, the hard-hearted vil lain. Oh,Andrew, if you could only have seen her face I" "Don't go into rhapsodies, my boy,." said Andrew, beginning to cuddle his ears down into his collar. "You'd see beauty in a week old call." "Only wait, that's all," :muttered Dal. t Ten to one she'll be dead again to-mor row," said the other, composedly. " People ate sometimes reeuscitated only to die." " Dalton's countenance fell. He turned away crestfallen, with his hands in his pock. etc. A diversion occurred in the shape of Mary Medway, who was walking down stairs like one ia a dream. "I say, Mary, do they Think she will die again ?" cried Dalton, springing forward. " flow did you know it ?" she asked.staring at hint blankly. "Oh, never mind. I do know it. Is she goin, to live. That's what I want to know. What do they say?" "Why; she'a mighty weak; got to oe nursed lka a baby," said Mary Medway. "Did you ever in all pour horned experience hear of such a case? Well, I'm clean dazed. When they told meshe was alive I came jess as near swoonding as I could, I'd a gone on the floor if the doctor didn't a held me. Well, well, I wonder what the mistress will say." Dalton crept into the shadow as the woman disappeared. H1.pe and happiness had come back to him. His heart and his temples throbbed, and his hands were hot. The sudden shock had fervered his veins; the incipent yearning for the sound of her sween voice, the glance of her soft eyes that in older natures would have culuminated into pas sionate love, came over him more strongly than before. Oh, it was heaven to feel that all that bright young beauty was not to be hidden under the dull clods of earth, such as had fallen that day on the old granddame's grave. He should perhaps see her again; feel the tonch of her hand; hear thegraciou melody of her voice. The carriages now came straggling home by ones and twos and threes. The maids began to prepare the supper, to which all the company was expected to stay,it they wished and it was quite noticeable that very few went away. "It was a very comfortable burying indeed, very comfortable," said a withered old man, to some one who asked about the funeral. "It she could only have lived to see it ?" And the poor old man never suspected he had made a blunder. Presently Dalton saw his mother descending from the carriage steps, and out he ran with the agility of a Tat. T' be Contin'eed. 