AN IDEAL OHUECHWAEDEN. The office and duties of churchwardens have been again brought before the public in England by a charge recently delivered by Chancellor Dibdin. The relations of these important Church officials to the bishop, the diocese, the incumbent, and the parishioners have been discussed, to gether with their rights, powers, and duties m each relation. The duties of churchwardens in England and in the Colonies are in most respects similar, but in some important particulars they differ materially. In the Colony the office is purely voluntary; in England any householder is liable to be elected, and, like a juryman, may be compelled to serve. In England, however, the duties are rendered comparatively light by the endowments of the Church ; in the Colonies, the Church being supported by voluntary offerings, the duties and responsibilities are correspondingly greater. That the Church's efficiency largely depends on the proper discharge of church wardens' duties goes without saying; it is equally clear that in most parishes the offices of church warden, vestryman, or guardian are filled by gentle men who devote much time and attention to their work, and the results of their self-denying labours are a subject for devout thankfulness. In some few places the Church's efficiency is impaired, the clergyman's life rendered most unhappy by gentlemen who, with the best intentions, take an office for which they are unfitted, or to which they cannot devote sufficient time. Under their unhappy rSgime the income diminishes, the stipend falls into arrears, church buildings are neglected, and a general air of dilapidation pervades church, vestry, incumbent, and people. The responsibility for such an unhappy state of affairs is not readily assumed by anyone : the lay officers of the church blame the clergy, the clergy blame the lay officers, and meanwhile the true interests of the Church and people suffer terribly. There have been cases known where, without any change of incumbent, without any alteration in the mode of conducting Divine Service, a ruined parish has started into a new life, and to a reign of poverty and internal war there has succeeded one of pros \- perity and peace. The change has been brought about by the advent of churchwardens and vestrymen who know their work and put their hearts into it. An ideal church officer (for convenience we will call him warden) is one who is chosen, not on account of his social standing, but because he is a 'man of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom.' On taking office he makes a study of the laws of the Church, especially of those relating to his own office; he looks carefully into the accounts of the Church, finds out the estimated income and proposed expenditure; like a wise chancellor of the Church's exchequer he provides not only for known expenditure, but also for contingent liabilities that are incurred in most parishes every year. If during some year of unforeseen depression the income is reduced while the expenditure remains normal, he lays the matter before the congregation as early as possible, rather than wait for the end of the year. This he does in his own way : by waiting upon them personally, or by issuing a circular, and inviting the congregation to co-operate with him in order to provide for the threatened deficit. The greatest care is taken of the fabric of church, schools, and parsonage ; he sees that fences, &c;, are kept in thorough repair, never forgetting the old maxim about a 'stitch in time.' The comfort of the worshippers in church is an object of his solicitude. He is found in his place long before ? the arrival of the congregation, directing the verger in the discharge of his duties. The windows and doors will be thrown open at least one hour before service, that there shall be no ground for a complaint about a ' stuffy' feeling in the church. In winter time the chill : is taken from the air by lighting the gas for half-an-hour before service. Draughts are avoided by observing the direction in which the wind is blowing, and . opening windows and ventilators on the lee side only. He takes notice of the cleansing of the church, realising how difficult it is for a lady to worship after consciously removing a week's dust by means of an expensive dress or mantle. He takes care that every man, woman, and child be able 'to stand, sit, and, above all, to kneel,' without inconvenience. When a stranger enters the church he is courteously provided with a seat, and with Bible,. Prayer-book, and Hymn-book. The vestry of the church fortunate enough to possess a good churchwarden is always clean, always ' provided with sufficient vestments, and these, too, are clean; it contains an iron box for parochial documents, a- preacher's book, a pen that will write, ink not too thick, and . a blotting-pad that is not quite ready for superannuation. On days when Holy Communion is celebrated he provides the bread himself, and sees that -the wine is in quality suitable, in quantity sufficient. Due provision is made for the seemly taking- up of the offertory at every service, that there be no unseemly wanderings and whisperings of the verger during prayers. He attends to the allotment of seats personally, not by proxy, and thus makes himself acquainted with every member of the congregation. All \ duties pertaining to a parochial officer are faithfully and intelligently discharged. But his duties do not end here. He is more than a mere parochial officer, and refuses to abdicate his ancient position as 'an officer of the ordinary, by which term the law means either the ' Bishop of the Diocese or the Diocesan Court.' As a good Christian, arid as the friend and co-worker of the incumbent, he is slow to think evil, and reluctant to magnify trifles ; r but as an officer of the Bishop he is bound by his declara tion to obey the law, to report to the Bishop any grave irregularities in the performance of Divine Service, any . ' wilful neglect of duty, or any flagrant misconduct on the part of the incumbent— these duties are, fortunately, very light. Those, however, of ' an officer of the Diocesan Court' are by no means so light ; diocesan interests are ' : to a large extent entrusted to him. When these are threatened by lukewarmness or direct opposition on the part ' of other officers of the church, or when they are likely to suffer from what is known as parochial selfishness, he comes forth as their appointed champion and guardian. While the chief lay officer of the parish, he does not forget that his Church is larger than the parish, and that the interests of the parish are best served by the promotion of the interests of the diocese. In the matter of giving, a wise-hearted charity is cultivated. The Bishop of Mel bourne's Fund and the Superannuation Fund receive hearty support. For the former he will obey the law laid down in the Church Acts, and ' arrange for the collection of subscrip tions from members of .the Church generally;' but in doing ^this no word will escape his lips about ' money going out of the parish,' &c;, for he knows that money can be put to no nobler use than in extending and maintaining the King dom of God in his own land. In the work of collecting for parochial, home mission, or foreign mission funds, he uses a net of small mesh ; large subscriptions are thank fully received, but small sums are diligently collected, and received with equal thankfulness. If in the discharge of these manifold duties he finds difficulties that appear insuperable — -if, for example, the stipend of the minister cannot be collected, or a reduction in the diocesan grant needs to be provided for, the ideal officer does not sit down . and weep metaphorically, or otherwise, but he calls the Archdeacon to his aid (with the consent of the incumbent), and the ancient court of the Archdeacon is revised, and one more most useful addition made to the archidiaconal functions. The grand secret of the success of our ideal church warden's administration is the secret held by the Church's earliest officials appointed to serve tables. He is a man of good report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom ; he moves about the parish like a benediction ; complaining and 'querulous parishioners grow silent at his approach; the voice of scandal is hushed at the sound of his foot-fall ; children brighten in his presence, and their parents give him a hearty welcome, even when they anticipate the presentation of a subscription-list ; when they can, they readily accede to his reasonable request ; when compelled to refuse, they do so with regret. The bond of sympathy and of mutual confidence between incumbent, churchwarden, and parishioners is so strong that even the most arduous duties become a delight ; and there is no talk of ' resigning at the end of the year.' While life lasts he counts it a privilege to engage in his high and holy work, and prays that he may have strength to continue it until the Master shall say: 'Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou in the joy of thy Lord.' X. We are requested to draw attention to four special services to be held in the Cathedral during the current month : — : September 8th, Confirmation Service at 7.30 p.na. September 20th,(xJ?.8. Service at 4.45 p.m., address by Bishop of Ballarat. September 27th, Holy Communion (choral) at 8 a.m. (in con nection with the meeting of the Church Assembly). September 30th, Singing by the Cathedral choir of Dr. Stainer's sacred cantata, 'The Daughter of Jairus,' at 7.30 pan., with address by Archdeacon Langley. 