OUR AMEPJGAN LETTER THE FITZSIM3IONS-3IAHER v CONTEST. / . A Brilliant Yictory. FITZSDIMOSS ON TOP. Intense Excitement. GEORGE DAWSOS HATCHED. Joe Choynskl's Uospltnlity— The Goddard H'Aullffo Fiffht — And all SorU ot Gossip. (FEO1I OUB OWJf COBF.EBPOKDENT.) San Fraxcisco, Blarch 1, 1832. Well, here I am again after a liard day's work as a newa-ifleaner amongst the law courts and municipal departments of tbia fair tlinujjli rollicking city, sitting me down in dishabille and the privacy of my satin-lined sleeping apartment, 'to yrind out a midget of sporting news for the daar old itF.FEKEE, and right I.ere allow me to remark tbat recent arrivals from far Australia teem to have been surprised at finding that your special commis sioner trod in other patha of literature besides those which led to thu small roped enclosure wbero cliampion.3 grow. My goodness ! do tlio boys picture me as ft totufh-looL-iii!.' individual with a cheek suit, of Perish the thought. I admire the manly art wben it is fostered in such a way an to obtain the host results without encouraging brutality, and an athlete to consider himself on my more to commend iiim tban tlio ability to fracturo inaiillarics end bend ribs. Iso. sir ! Correspondence of tiiis nature I dabble in because it lightens my other labors occa sionally, and the reason i take extra delight in giving tlio Svdney sporting public the best information in the connection that I can' com- mand, in because the citv they live in lias sent rninanv clever lads abroad, and there must natnrafly be a desire to follow their fortunes and bear comparisons drawn between tl'O Australian boys and the top notcbers ou this side. Nov.-, I bave but a vagno idea of what I have written and. for tho iifc of me, I can't tell what tho next few sentences may be, but I will just meander along in this style and tell you tiiut n-hcii not '? koepiutf cases' on the blows that pugilists F.liower'on euch other ami we don't have a mill ouee an hour bere 1 am eulliiis information in other directions. One day I miiy bo spading away on a steam -tug to whoro some veFr-.el lavs stranded on riio roe!;.-!, and the next I will pnibnbly ho catching- the honied words which fall from the lips of some reformed democrat as he di-wmi.s ou tho possibilities of tho coming pre»i.le:itiiil campaign. [Mel bourne paper.; please cony.] JA'JK HALL. Again, as showing you the glorious vortei of variety nnder which an American stock re porter is over ?.vhirling, I nitty mention :hut when Jack Hall, the Australian light-weigiit, fought in tiii« city nearly live years »go, I re ported tlio hanging of a Chinaman iu tho morniufr and dished up tho fight at night. On a briv'lit Sabbath d:iy not long afl.-i- I was at a cliicbiEi iiglit ov.;r the bay. The place was raided andl had to take to the fields. Tbat same evening I was detailed to report tho fare well sermon of a detjartiu:.- TJuitariun dirinu, and no one. to sr-e me bend tho knee— it was the rheumatic one, too-would iuagino that a few Isourii berore I had -.vatchc-l u:iir after pair of sU-el-heek';! ronsi.5ivs kicking the heads oft' each otli'jr. You wii!, therefore, sco that my life :s nr.t nil nross-coniitnM and crushed resin, and LlTwhirB the wattle blmins.' I hone he will bf forewarned that while I ?z.-t a certain cveutH, I 'also derive a litllo ou.stenance from sermons, lihipv/rec!:.;, ui:d oilier mundane happenings. And now for some gossip. Since my last we Imvu had fights that wito lights, and ' flgbts ' tiiat were fakes. Idols have been shattered iu many ways, for good men und Iruo Invo bce-i downed b-.- mere novices, whilo ]-.ii(;:!iit.- who were thought to be ilraight-uoing have proved to bo scoundrels. BlI.Lr OALLAOItCR. The first (i.sti.: event took place at the Occidental Club mi tlio evening of February « iviie:i Hiilr Jlahmi, the wi-iMniov.-n liglit wnl.'ht. iv.is's«nfc a'.-ii!l!ft Blllv GallRghar, ll lad froh fruiii th'.- aiiiate'.:r ranks. Gallagher, man. a'nd' liit Griiliimt* -lefca't of J.bkM in chortor order thautiror tl.e Ri:no longh piece of hiiintuiily was ever whipre.l U-r.nv, at Tin. lig'h't wits (irii'-s'id'ed iroai the start. Gal Ia.-h.-r is ni 'i-iitfc as a cat on his fc«t. and ct-.n In-ill- bh right nsro-M liki- n. llnsh. He ci-0-sswl Mahan in rhn first round and brought Klin .l.-kivti 'iinl f t-i-.ti ( tin h timo iinf il t.\\\n plucky ffllnw reoeired bis quietus in the fifth round, Mnhan »-,v.,r kne-.v whore he wn.i. Mnliasher U a. ti»rril!i!ptiua!isrnnd no mistake. I will break into my roeord of tho pa*t month's hiilt!«is to tell yon hero that ?»?? have marched Gallujjlmr and your own Oorge Diiwuon for the latter end of March. It was a »;...:e of speedy work, as fie Sv.lney lad only arriveii on Fubruurv iv. and was inatchud tlio'fol!owln»da.y. When the Mariposa hove in si-ht f went to l!io Oceanic Dock to wel \--ome'Dawson. au.l «.= very much iaipresse.1 with his qnict, ir.inllcinauly ways. I took him and his trainer, Y..ung Alasanilcr, to where thev could find .Tot; CUovnski. uu.lllio !n'.t..-r used his best endeavors to make them loot r.t linuip. Jo'i was on Uic eve of leaving for New Orlffinp, bill liofore going he installed the two Svdm.-viti.-s in his own home, and .Toe's friend, 1-M'ly Gro:m«y, has assisted yours truly in earing lm- the welfare nf the Anstra'.iuu' Light-weight Champion and his rtrfu- Aehale*. For som.! weeks b-fm-p Daw Von arrived I kept suggesting the advisahiiity nf matchinir him ngainst the winner of the Gallagher — llalnui coutest, and I nsccrUined wf'cn Cinli.v.'ner won that lie womu not i.« aver=a to giving Dawson a light if suitable inducement olfure.l. I fignr.'d in this way ; thero wi-i-i. Rva l«ll) mon in tin's country who were reckoned nny g.wd.and of them four wore paired off. viz., Danny .Voedham nnd Tom Uvan nt Now Orleans, and Hit? Pcckliam and Chad'O ICiininicfc in this city for F.'brtiurv ^ij. Ctfiliagber was thoreforo tho only idle'ono. unil us hn Juts not liorno the brunt of as many battles us the olhorc, Iir mi-bb nnturnlly bo looked uiiun «- th* least f.'nnidiiblo to ta--Uln for a sturt. Vita terms of the match are (hat tho mon are to welali iu at 1-inib, or under, at 3 o'clock on the day of tho match. Tim purse is loOOdol., of which til' loser will rosoivo 30fllol., and in addition ench will be allowed 125 lo!. for oipen«e«. Now, although this mny not seom a groat amount of mouoy in the face of the ulunificiint purses which havo been bung up iu this country in the past, I think it is a very fair tionitncncouivnt for Dawson. Of course, if ho wins, wo will want a eousidorablo increase for tlio noit match, and in the moantimc I hope bis Sydney friends will be satisfied with tho arrangements I mado for him. They must give mo credit for one thing, at least; that is, losing no timo in getting him to work. Georco is quartered nt Uarnoy Farley's, on the Ocean Houso-road, and ho seems as happy ns a sand-boy. Tho country all around him is rolling grass land, and he can vary his tramping matches over tho green hills' by trudging on tho sea boacti or strolling in Golden Gato Park. Ho is thoroughly satisDod with all his surroundings, and as he has made hosts of friends since he has been here, he lias lots of visitors outto seo him through the wock. Tho other day a fow of. us went out, and George had a little sot-to on tlio quiet with Eddy Grcanoy. Iu the midst of a brisk rally Dawson planted his right under Eddy's hoart, and Groaney tang out, ' Hold on : I heard about that blow, and I guaBs I'll ask you to keop tho next one for Gallagher. Tho fallow who wuuta two of that kind is a hog,' Gresupyisa pretty pood trial horso for any of the light-weights to tackle, and he considers that Gallagher will have his hands full with tlio Syduov boy. As nuar ns can be gauged, tho light will take place on March 23, so you should havo uows of how Divson acquits himself in his first contest ou Amorlejii soil a few d.-.ys aftor this letter reaches you. On February 1G wo had a fight at tho PaclSo between Billy Smith, of Boston, nnd Frank Kollv, of San'Franoico, a pair of scrub weltor wcighto. Tbo go was an uninteresting affair, nrnT-FF.'S SC1TKAPPS CHEEKS ONE Kelly being punched out in tho thirty-seventh round. As he sat in his earner after the fight had been given against him, some well meaning friend approached and said, 'Never mind, Frank ; you made a game fight.' 'Game fight, 'be hanged,' replied Kelly. ' I'm going back to hard work.' Pretty sensible resolution that, and one that many other fighters might take pattern by. There is some talk, in fact, of obtaining virus from Kelly with which to vaccinate a score or two of tho plug uglies, whom the glamour of the prize ring seems to draw away from the paths of honest toil. ' Our noit fistic seance was on tbo 22nd, at the Pastime Club, the contestants being a couple of colored heavy- weights— to wit, Bud Johnson, of this city, and Jack Turner, of Sacramento. The tight lasted fifteen rounds, and Johnson, who proved a3 game a bit of stuff as ever pulled off a shirt, was terribly disfigured. About the fifth round liia left eye began to look like a button-hole on a dark overcoat, and with every succeeding round its appearance changed until it would bo hard to tind anything it resembled. His nose was broke, and his mouth knocked entirely out of shape; but he stood up man fully, and according to general belief would hivo tired his opponent out had the police not stopped the brutal- exhibition. Tho referee gave Turner the decision, and the supporters of the local negro raised the biggest kind of a row. The streets around the club were black with brunette sports until an early hour in the morning. They discusted the match from every possible point of view, and two aggressive sons of Ham of opposite opinions became involved in a shooting scrape. One is in the Police Hospital, and will probably die, while tho other is cooling his heels in gj.ol. CALIFORNIA CLDB. On the following evening the California Ciub blazed with light, when Billy Smith, of Sydney, aud Frank Keller, of Michigan, battled for a 125'Jdol purse. The match originally was to havo been between Smith aud Kcogh. The latter is a fine specimen of physical manhood, but nature apparently: forgot to furnish him with a heart. He pleaded sickuo33 ua the date of the match drew near, and finally re fused to go on with the fight at all, Keller was put into training and a new dato set for the fight, and it is safe to say that when Koogh next comes to San Francisco to winter he will meet with a very chilling reception. Tho go lasted 24 rounds, and Smith camo out on top. He injured his loft baud early iu tho fight, aud had to resort to1 hack- baud blows, the satin; as he ernploved when fighting Con Xliordan. Keller was plucky enough, but his blows lacked both speed and direction. Ho got a. good hammering, and is now relegated to tho companionship of such bock-nuiuber pugs as have to con-ule themselves by tonueriu/ over wnat might have been. AMERICAN MIDM.E-VTF.IGHT CHAMPIONSHIP. The c'.osing fight of tho nontb took place, at the Occidental Club on the SStii, and wus the bust of the series. The prin cipals were Charlie Turner, the ?.vcll- kuoivn colored :uiddle-wei'r-ht cf .Siock«i:i, nnd Harris. Martin, tlie Minneapolis J3!ac:-: J'esir'. Turner iu p'asfvoarj wa- ri-ckoiicl u likely candidate for th'e American Middle weight Champioaiiliii), bat whisky and -.vouches sapped his stamina, at^d iiis record was besmirched with d«f*uts by Iienuy Kellehor nr.d Alick G«»ga:iii;. A num ber ot'Stockton sports, however, resolved when their dusky towiiiinuu was matched as;a:ir.t the Pearl that !iq should be sent to the scratch in good shape, by hook or by crook. They employed a firec-c'aas trainer, and all un.i sundry v/ere besough: to deny Turner any. thir.g ir. the shape of spirituous refrejhmc-iii until the fight came nu*. Moreover, the brown tkinu'.'d laddie was impressed with the bulief that tliero was picr.ty of tici-j to pull himsslf together aud retrieve his Io-t prestige, aud the result of the whole business was tbat he -,vas sout into tho rhu; fit to battle for a kiu'doi:i. Tho Pearl was also iinccring in the shadow of defeat, as ir. his previous battle in this city ho was oute:l by liiiiney, a black-skinned lioi tonian. after a hard fight. Everything pointed to a determined encounter between the Peat! and Turner, and tho olub uicuibsrs were not disappointed. The boxers weighed at the ring side, the Pearl sealing 15151b and Turu..'r 13011b. They were a splendid match physically, aUhouuu the Pearl's bull nt-ci suggested that it v.-onld require a harder crack to topple hiia over than to npsL't tho Stoektonian. There were i-nuic of tho must exciting rallies during tha tight that un admirer of the game could wish lo see. tiie men standing close and s:iia*hiu' at cneh other's heads with the right without any attempt at parrying. In the cioao work, honors were about 'i-venly divided, each :iwn being favored in succr.-:«ioi. s?v«r:il times, but on general rincmanahip Turner showed to the better advantage. He soou found out that the Pearl wanted to tako thing.* easy altor au extra hard round, and uu such occasion* the Slosktoninn kept his left going like a piston rod, and the Pearl's face began to look like a fancy tobacco pouch, hi the nineteenth round tho .Minneapolis nugro tried hard to turn the tide of battle. He u:u£«l Turner into a corner and rushed. Turner ducked and got to one side, meeting the pearl fair on the chin with hi? right, as he rushed prut. The Pearl fell on his face in the stylo which fake fighters trv harl to imilr.to. Thero wa-i no easing the fall by allowing tho ki.ses to strike tha uW first, u;ul there was no using tha elbows or the palms r.f the hands to lef/en :«?? force of tho contact with the fioor. He went down libc a mna whoso heart-strings had been severed by a bullet, his face striking the carpet nt the iarao time as the rest of his body, and when next he opened bis eyes' and wus alive to his aurromndhiga tlio big building was half empty. PACIFIC CLUB. There is one event that I have nut included in the list of lights. I refer to a swindle tl-at v.-;n frustrate:! at tho Pacific Club ou the 2Ut!i inst. Tho principals wore Charlie Kim uiiefc, o: .Uir.neapol-s, and Hito Peokh.-.m, of Bradford. Pa. The ranfjh wus looked forward to exii'jotantly, the more particularly aitice Daws.c;n ui.il Gallagher were signer],' as the idea was to match the winners of kolli fights, and thereby furnish a winner to mec-t the victnr in the Needham-fiyuu tight, whicii v.as to havo taken place at No-.v Orleans'. Woll, to make a Ion' storv short, ICimmick and Peckham did business with yomo crooked betting men and t'i-?.l to hoo'Jwiuk tb-i'public. There was souii. heavv wagering ou tho contest at 10 to 7 on Kiui mick, and tho,e who put up the job took all the uionev thev could get at 50 to 20 that the liglit would be over iu seven rounds. The pair of fakirs strutted around for thme rounds without striking a blow hoavior than one school-girl might inflict upon a;i..t!wr diiriiiir a quarrel. Pccklunu filially went down iu the third round from a light left on tlie face, and endeavored to act tho part of a knocked nut bruifer. Tlw onlookers began to ?? holler murder,' and he rci.re only to repeat i.lio per formance a luoinont later. This tim-j' he staved down uutil tlio ten seconds allowinco ?h.«f ticked away. Then there w,ls an uproar. The crowd yelled 'fake.' 'ami Peuiiham. who bad been dragged to Iiis chair. looked as palo as a ghost. The club president entored tho ring nnd denounced tho affair as a put-up job, and tho referee followed suit and declared all bsts off. Peckham escaped to his dressing-room, but Kiinmick stayed around aiid attempted to justify himself. ' I' believe that Peckliam quit, he said, ' but I fought ou the square.'' A blind man could havo told tho differenco, however, and lie was hooted ont ot the ring. A couple of doctors wero\sont to examine Peckham, and they reported that his puho was regular, his condition good, and that ho boro no bruises, thereforo they considered the affair a swindle. About this timo Pockham decided that the atmosphere of tbo club was becoming a little too sultry, and he made his escape by a back door. Ho was fouud some time aftor midnight by two of tho club direc tors, and mado to disgorgo 55dol. out of tho 100-Jol. that ho had drawn ou tho day of tho light, ostensibly lo bet on hinisolf. Ho con fessed while lookingdown tho barrol of a ' 4t' that tho light was fixed, and ho whimpered that it was tho first time iu hit life that ho had been concerned in auy shady business. He clearod out of the city next day, and Kiinmick followed suit. Now tho names of the two frauds stink iu tho nostrils of all. honest sports. Tho thing was unfortunate, inasmuch as it dispelled our dreams of a series of fair, stand-up fights to daaide the welter-weight (,1101b) championship of tho United States. To make matters worao, tho Noodham-Eyan fight at New Orleans was calloi oil for reasons I shall now explain. When I wrote lust, two big clubs in the city named wcro bucking agaiust oaoh othor. They were the Metropolitan and Olynmlo, tho former having Ncedham and Ryan Booked for March 2, and the Olympic having tho Maher ViUwjmmons fight for the name night. Neither of the oluba would giro way, and it looked as if both institutions would loso money by the patronago of the Louisiana sporting -public being divided. 