TM iE6' C 3 U 3 M N . Fashion is as capricious as the weather. A fair day brings out the robin's egg blue of summer site, and the canary yellow of spring toilettes. A- cloud crosses the hon zon, and dame Fashion calls to her brood Ban, ran, my children, the sky is going to fall, " " " BSonn cloaks and umbrellas. And very likely the sty will fall in frequent showers; bat as a counter-balance the new dress is not worn out before its tame, as it woulo be if every day ware fine. TOwe is anart in always looking fresh and dainiy, and taring one's clothes crisp and new—not commercially new, as if they merely represented money, but new with the lustre of youth and good keeping. There are too many people who announce in every fold ot their attire, " I live in a house distressing, and as we pass through the world we must be taken for what we appear to be. Even a frayed-out flower is unlovely. I have heard of an innovation—or is it a revival?—in the method of wearing the bridal veil which is to be brought ont. It w been the custom to have a part of the vol fall over tie face; or a special face veil of the bridal tulle was worn and taken off by the bridesmaid, before the bride received congratulations. Now the veil is to envelop her, falling to her feet back and front, but remaining o. en at the sides so that she can have the free use of her hands. And it is to be worn until replaced by the going-away costume. The imprisoned bride will look very much like a ghost, but the new veil will be the means of dispensing with the oscillatory exhibitions which are usually in bad taste at a public ceremony. What Edmund Bussell calls "spots of light" are worn more than ever. They are solitaire diamonds worn everywhere as well as on the finger; in the hair, in bows, at the fastening of a dress, at the belt and even in shoulder knots. This gives a staray twinkle to the fashionable firmament—the more stars, the more twinkle. It is said that large brilliants can be very [Success fully worn with a few genuine diamonds, and never be found out. It is supposed that they borrow enough reflected light to deceive the experts. . " A bride's going-away dress is to be commended for its elegant simplicity. It is one of these fine novelty-cloths in bluegrey, with a running wavy pattern m white silk which come in costume lengths, part of the goods being plain. The folds where the skirt and waist connect are very new, and becoming to slight figures. The fine cord on the waist and the narrow boxplaited edge to the skirt are the only trimming. A new and pleasing outfit for a woman who is nearing the attractive and interesting period of middle life is the Muscovite costume. It is tie creation of a London modiste and is made of fancy Jacquard troche pink cloth, with shaped skirt. Long jacket, trimmed with gold galon embroidered. "Waistband, collar and caffs of the same. The style of sleeves is particularly becoming and novel. Wattean pleat at the back. Bonnet in 'pink crepe, with crown spangled and beaded. Fine French lace front, with large jet pin; ostrich plumes. 