MY FIRST AND LAST ,AP,P£AR- ANCE. : My first appearance—and I'll'-take particular care it shall be • my last—was made in the very small theatre of - a very dirty town in what is appropriatelycalled " the Black Country." It was in a poor and unfortunate company, • where' ; the "ghost" seldom walked.) It-crawled' in a feeble kind of way now and then, but visits to the treasury were generally so much wasted time. The manager f-Jiad tried tragedy, but, as the. murders ,were not committed either with ; heavy-nailed' boots or pokers, the people of that region felt no touch of sympathy. He had tried melodrama, but the sentiments of the virtuous rustic and the valour of the British sailor aroused no emotions whatever in their breasts. Finally Jie secured an "infant -phenomenon," and got me.:to write a piece which would , give her an opportunity of appearing in several different characters. .It was while I was.superintending the '.production of this piece that I made my first appearance. I got down ,<JJI the day -ofthe"firstpeiformance, just in -time' for rehearsal. To my horror I found that, with the- exception of the' phenomenon herself—a poor little child with a thin ' weazen face, which might have belonged to anybody between the ages of seven and seventy—nobody knew a word of the parts. ' I expressed my concern, but the low comedian of the company came to me and said—" It's all right, my boy. We'll wing it for you." I did not then know what " winging '' might be, but the promise was given in such a tone that I felt it could not but be to my advantage, whatever it was. So I was reassured. When night came, however, I found that the low comedian had been devoting the afternoon to drowning care, and that the liquor used in the operation had got into his legs. " Let's see," he said, coming off the stage and turning over the manuscript, "what do I go on and do next ?" I particularly prided myself on the brilliancy of my dialogue, and you will observe that there was no inquiry concerning what he was to say. I knew what " winging " was now. :But worse remains behind. .The leav es of the manuscript had got out of their regular order, and the consequence was that they played the last part of the piece first, the first part. last, and they left out the middle altogether. I verily believe there was only one line of my dialogue spoken, and I know that that line was a most unfortunate one. When, in the piece, an old gentleman was getting puzzled over the constant " changes " of the phenomenon, he had to say, " If anybody understands what this is all-about, I'll forgive'em." This was, unfortunately, spoken. -The.juidi- - fence was not so dull that they could jiet see the application, and a loud " Hooray!" which came from one. man in the.-pit . caused me to tear my hair. , I Returned to my hotel in no very pleasant frame of mind, and want to /bed at once. Shortly after daylight I became aware that somebody else was in the room. In the dini light I presently made out the form of the low comedian. " What do you want?" I inquired, seiiing the pillow with the intention of hurling it at him. He made no reply for a minute or two. He appeared to be engaged in mortal combat with an imaginary foe, and was striking out furiously with both arms. Then he stopped, as if not certain whether he had been mistaken in what he appeared to see, and seemed to be plucking cobwebs from his eyes. " What do you mean by keeping those things?" he asked, still continuing the plucking operation. " What things ?" I inquired in turn. "Why, those things," he repeated, pointing to the middle of the room. " Can't you see "em "'."• " No," I said crossly, "there's nothing there." * " Eh ! Oh, well, you know best, of course. They looked like snakes. Can you lend us two-pence ?" I was only too glad to get rid of him at the price, so I gave him the twopence, and he departed. He had not gone a minute before the door opened again and somebody else came in. I was thoroughly cross now, and seized the pillow again with the full intention of hurling it this time. It was the manager of the company. "I see Jenks has been here," be began. "Yesj" I said, "he has. He's been going on in a most absurd fashion.'' " Ah !".he replied, " the old complaint— moves the elbow too much. He's a a dreadful fellow—been in a booth nearly all his life. But I came to ask a favour. Wilkins has bolted." . .. "Well 1" I demanded, "what's that to me?" "Nothing to you, my dear sir, but everything to me. We've put up ' Lady Maudlin'6 Secret' for the bespeak tonight—four-and-tweuty seats taken in the boxes—and we can't play it." " I'm sorry for you," I said, but I can't help you." "Yes, you can," he put in eagerly; " you can play the part." "Nonsense! I've never appeared in my life." "That doesn't matter. It's a small part; you can be letter-perfect in half an hour. I can't change the piece, or I wouldn't ask you." I consented, glad enough to get rid of him and get to sleep again. I got up early, worked hard at the part all day, and thought I was all right. But I wasn't. In the piece, Lady Maudlin had to push me down a well after I had gone through a tolerably long scene with her. I stepped on the stage confidently, but the blaze of light dazzled me, and beyond the footlights I ^saw a dark space in which, as it seemed to me, countless faces were floating about Lady Maudlin, however, did not find them countless ; she had evidently estimated the number, and she whispered to me as I went on, " Four pounds in the gallery." -I' tried to speac, iJut my parc Jiadcompleteiy gone'qut' of'my'liead it would (hayp alj ^me-^apk to i»e^n Mniaube <>r „ two, but the prompter • ^onftjsfd^ine^by . .shoutiogJUriously. m-jny. ear,'"(Get tofiie , „well;".idancing about meanwhile in^fivi- dent excitement. I got 10 the welL ..--<••• " The well," he shouted again still more excitedly, " where she pitchesyou i.nl" "So far as I knew,-this was the welj . •was to "pitch me .in."' At all events, I could See 110 other. There was a/long ipause. I felt it incumbent upon. me ,to say something, so I shoutedHa '..miser- . able woman. ' What would you do?" $She had riot been attempting to do, anything up to this time.) •..'•• •Lady Maudlin seemed frightened and gave way. I followed.. As nothing better suggested itself to me, I seized her furi- .ously by the wrist and dragged her ab^ut . the stage. The audience applauded, and • she called me uncomplimentary names sotto voce., " Ha!" ' she cried,." I am faint. Get me some water from .-/yonder well:" . ' • I leant over the well to get, the .water, -according to .the -stage-direction^, ^and .she; also ^according to stage-directions, came behind me, struck me on the. head with the handle of the windlass, and knocked me in. But I could find no warrant in the stage-directions for the savage manner- in which she did it. I. had a bump there for weeks. Neither could- I find any hint in the stage directions . that it was necessary for me to fall a distance of eight feet on to some not particularly soft bricks. That is what I did, though. I bruised both my efbows and both my knees, and 1 felt certain in my ,own mind that if I had had any more elbojws and knees I should certainly have braised .them too. I should think I lay there for over an hour, and nobody -took the slightest notice of me. Then I got >up, shook myself, felt my bruises over, and went but to a chemist's. As I got'out of the stage door I saw the burly figures of two colliers against the dark corner' of the wall. "What's thou waiting for?" asked one man of the other. I could see that the other had a half-brick in his hand, and I waited'for his reply with some interest. " I'm waiting," he said in a low hoarse voice, and with a fixed, determination in his tone— "*Tm waiting for yon chap that played that part where he went down th' .well." . I took one glance at the half-brick and fled. I did not go back to finish my part, and, indeed, I don't know whether the play was,ever finished at all, for I took the first'train back to town. This is the only appearance on the stage I have ever made.— -J. IV. Jones in the Era Almanack. 