THIS LATK FATHER JIYAN. Tho hand of Doatb, '.vho=ic i.ouch sparos nolj risr fr.;i:- our midst one who cftii '1- _ Luoumes our snd duty to nofco tho deceaso of tho Rov. P. Ryan, who was called away oh Sunday aftornoon last. Of tho docoased it may truly bo said that hepossessod thoso noblo qualities which make some mon shine among their follows. Sympathy, gonorosity, and gentlenoss seemed 'inborn in his nature ; tho noblo attributes of mind and character which should evor charnotoriso tho teachor, woro porsonified in himself. Ho sot a worthy way to follow, both by precept and oxample, and tho goodness of his charactor is fully borne witness to by the largo number of his parishioners, who havo attendodSt. Francis Xavior's Church, whore his roiuains awuit intermont. Naturally gifted, tho dcccasod ranked vory high among his brothorhood. His mission was Heavenborn, aud his greatest pleasure was to do good. His flock will miss his choory voice, his sound advice dictated by tho most genorous im pulses of a loving hoart. Many outside his denomination will rogrot to hear of the Rev. P. Ryan's decease. The truo gent Io nian shone in his every action. In culturo ho seemed to tho mannor born, and the griuf manifested by tho Roman Catholic community will find a rellex — a responsive echo — in many hearts outside tho pale of that church. The deceasod gentleman was oorn at ivnccugrauou, in mo jfarisn of Newin, County Tipperary, Ire land, in tho year 1817. Ho re ceived his early education at Rock well, Caahel, under tha tuition of the Fathers of tho Holy Ghost ; afterwards at Thurloss Col logo and completed his eccles iastical studies at All Hallows'. He was ordained o priest in the year 1S75, and arrived in Sydnoy in the following year. His first appoiutment was to Cooma, where he rendered valuable help to Doan O'Brien. His next mission was to St. Mary's, Lithgow, and from thonce to Albion Park. From Albion Park the rev. gentle man was appointed administrator of St. Francis' (Sydney), and about three years ago ho was appointed parish priest of 'Wol- longong. His memory will long live in the hearts of his people, and a most worthy tribute to his energy, a most chaste re minder cf his goodness, is the tasto and arrangemont displayed in the renovation of St. Francis' Xavier's Church. The improvements effected to the church and presbytery were undertakon at tho Rev. Father Ryan's instigation, and were entiroly carried out under his advice and management. The deceased was a most careful and wisa administrator, his many - good qualities commanded the esteem of his flock ; his force of character enlisted their help ; his cultured mind devised all things for the best, and a golden bond of mutual help has been sud denly snapped asunder. His good deods will live after him— the morits of his work require no parade. Earnest and faithful in the discharge of his duties, his memory will long be honored aud enshrined within the hoartB of his people. A solemn office will be celebrated io St. Francis Xavier's Charch, this morniug at 11.30. Cardinal Moran will arrive by the 11.4:5 train, to perform the last sad riteB of interment, which will 'take place in the Chapel grounds. 