FLASHLIGHTS. [By Focus'em.] Slipknots. — Lovers ties. A-vailable space — a woman's face. ? Careless advertising is costly at any price. Leap year beverages for single girls — Pop. An unsatisfactory meal. — A domestic broil. ' Often drunk but never intoxicated. — Toasts. Tho best weather for cabman. — Fare weather. Authors and ghosts make their appearance in sheets. A canter will give you ruddy cheeks i a decanter a rnddv nose. He who makes his living as an en graver, dines off copper plate. In all newspaper quarrells it is the ' well bred ' that give way first. Ono person we know is three-handed — right hand, left hand, and behindhand. No business was so firmly established that it was safe to leave it to advertise itself. It is sad to see many walk in the dark themselves, who carry a lantern for others. They that laugh at everything and they that fret at everything are fools alike. If every dog should have his day, many men are dogs enough to be entitled to two apiece. Our head gardener (Patterson) says the best way to raise strawberries is with a spoon. The Metropolitan Hotel, Sydney. Mark Solomon, Proprietor. Visitors should write to secure rooms. 55 If a lawyer is in dansrer of starving in a small town, he invites another, and they both thrive. A goose has many quills, but many newspaper men make ' geese ' of them selves with only one. Gold and Silver Watches, Guns and Carpenters Tools, at the Loan Office Auction sale, this day at 2.30.* To set an advertisement in type in such a way as to make it most effective, is what the intelligent compositor aims. Study up quaint, pithy, or witty phrases to head your advertisements, and be not too modest in the space they occupy. It is estimated that a fortnight's J vl I'UC JL41XHOU vUKlollbO Will entail a loss to the workmen of £150,000. In the fight at the Olympic Club, New Orleans, for a stake of £1400, Fitzsimmons easily defeated Maher in the twelfth round. The price of coal has risen 10s per ton in London within a fortnight. The poor are great sufferers by the increase, as bitter weather prevails. A reserve of 6600 acres has been mado in the county of Roxburgh, parishes of Sofala and Wyagdon, as a tempoary common at Wattle Flat. Gents ! Do you want boots 1 Go to Skardon, where you can get Calf Bal morals at 10s. Gd., Shoes at 10s. Gd., and Hand-Sewn Balmorals.* Two real black women,pure aboriginals, attended a Salvation meeting at Rock hampton a few nights ago, and actually went up to the peninent form. A man who succeeds iu advertising in such a way that people read his advertise ment is the man who draws trade to his store, as sure as a magnet draws a needle to itself. The Gazette contains an intimation that the mineral lease held by B. Tillett, of Orange, for m.l. No. 92, parish of Clinton, county Bathurst, has been declared void. The Legislative Council ou Thursday passed the Colonial Sugar Refining Company Bill and the Marriages Valida tion and Marriage Law Amendment Bill through their final stages. An exchange prints the following : — Delignent subscribers are hereby warned not to let their daughters wear, this paper for a bustle, as there is considerable due on it, and they might take cold. 