SECPf t PIP®, CHAPTER I V.— r Continued.) Ho walked moodily down the long passage, dragging his shoes and rattling his keys; his steps echoed faintly farther and farther away in the , distance; the light grew smaller and smaller till.it bccamo a mere luminous speck in tho murky darkness of the rambling old house; then it disappeared. I breathed more freely. What had he been doing ? Why did he choose such a time of the night for his business, whatever it might be? 'Was he in the habit of; wandering thus about; the house, so that his daughter, faintly hearing inexplicable Bounds, attributed them to ghosts? I ? could not answer the questions satis factorily for myself. I had forgotten my quost of the photo graph, and now only felt curiosity to know more of Myles Donovan, whose wholo existence puzzled and interested me strangely. I knew that the queer ? old follow owned a tender spot in his heart ; he had spoken to me of the lost Kathleen, and he had named his daugh ter after her. What kind of woman her mother had been I was entirely ignorant of ; but as she had at any rate died young, and left no traces of her influ ? ence on her. daughter's character, it was but fair to suppose that she had also been a nonentity in her husband's, life. Could this room be connected in anyway with her, or did it contain relics of his love which he only visited at night ? Th&cbwfes; or. drawers he .unlocked might have'heta letters, mementoes which even his coarse degraded nature valued them enough to hide them from human eyes, and to keep like some sacred shrine for rare and imysterious, visits only. , Impelled by a desire to know more, I cautiously crept towards the door whence ho had just issued, and tried the lock. It was open. He had not relocked it then on going out ; perhaps the valuable article he had gone in search of was now in his nnssession. and he had no. further need of locks and keys. I pushed the door open, and holding my candle high, peered round. There was certainly nothing suspicious or strange about the place. It' was an ordinary bedroom, shabbily furnished, with faded paper on the walls, and , cracked plaster, dilapi dated like the rest of the house. Under the small iron bed was a box, which looked, as if it might have contained papers, and in the empty grate amongst rubbish and ashes lay bits of torn and half-burnt papers. Myles had evidently been destroying papers or letters. I stooped a little, something blue lying among the papers had caught my eye. I picked it up — it was a blue cotton handkerchief like one I had seen Myles using— and .when I touched it, I almost dropped it agatin, seized with an irrepres sible horror. It was saturated with blood ! Not a few drops here and there, \- as if someone had cut his finger and taken the handkerchief to staunch the wound, but saturated, stiff, clotted with blood. My iirst impulse was to fly, to leave this horrid mystery of blood and concealment mid foul crimes to de part from the old ruinous house whose hoary walls serenely witnessed . tho doing of such deeds ; my second and calmer thought was to take the handker chiof, and by that means seek to unravel the thread of the affair. With the bloody rag carefully stuffed into my pocket, I returned quietly to my room, and locked myself in. I needed to re flect, to put some order into my wild and agitated thoughts. CHAPTER V. No sleep visited my oyelids that night, and slowly, gradually out pf the chaos of horrid visions that surged in my mind one fact became clear to me — Myles Donovan was a murderer. And this bit of blue rag, steeped in the blood of . his . ' victim,?; was; the .awful witness of 'liis \- guilt'. ' It was not necessary to, seek far for tho motive. Had not Myles himself \- with the strange confidence that some v: times accompanies great cunning, told ? me of his life-long hatred to the man who had robbed him of his love, ill treated that love, and bought up most of his estate ; the latter perhaps not the least galling injury ? Well, at any rate . I was on a new track now ; this at least was no vulgar agrarian murder. There wore elements of loye, jealousy, and des pair, in tho stcry. I was scarcely sur prised, though ineffably shocked, to iind to what issues a carefully nursed lifelong revenge and hatred might bring a inan ; . but I was concerned to put all the parts of the puzzle together and fit them in properly. Had Myles committed this ? murder in cold blood and with promedi ' tatiori, or was it an ieresistible impulse of uncontrolled anger that had led to it ? Was he tho sole perpetrator, or had tho wretched creatures evicted from their be loved yet miserable homes assisted in tho crime, and perhaps eveu struck tho fatal blow j How guilty was he ? In heart, no doubt, he was a murderer ; but was he one in reality ? Those doubts dis turbed and irritated me, and I wondered at the obtuseness of tiie police, who had evidently no suspicion in the right quar ter, and who, according to Myles own statement, had arrested a man absolutely innocent. Would it become uiy duty to put tho law on . the proper scent, and to hand over Myles Donovan to justice ? When my reflections had reached this stago ? there .rose .bofore mo Kathleen's pleading facts j aud : the large earnest eyes , fixed upon me in mute appeal. Tho daughter of a murderer, branded, sot apart, ac cursed as the child of such a father. I shuddered. I tried to put myself iu her place, with her young freshness, her joy in life,' her innocence, and wondered how ! much she knew. Something — some ; faint inkling of the terrible reality she cortainly hnd. Her agitation, her strange manner, assured mo of this. But how much ? and if she really know all, how could she bear her life and the shadow of fear and discovery that hung over her ? , (To bf Continued.) 