Wat loans Jfolks, A NOBLE GIRL. [By Maey Selden McOobb.] 'And you promise, honest, true, that the steamer shall reach New York by November 23, so I may surely be at home Thanksgiving day? You promise. Captain Barton? And you'll go to Salem with me and eat turkey, and see your schoolboy friend — inyTpreeious daddy? Doesn't your heart just dance a hornpipe, cap tain, at the thought of a real old-fashioned New England Thanksgiving like those you used to enjoy ? 'Excuse my motion, Aunt Elsie ! I've had a lovely four months here in Glasgow, and blesB yon for a Scotch darling ! But, oh ! you don't know what it is to be a Massachusetts girl, and dote on culture and the baked bsan, and to love your own Bunker Hill 'Mony mink' and Thanksgiving day ! Tom's coming home from Dakota, Captain 1 Barton — my grown-up brother Tom. .And my married sister Eleanor, she's coming too, with, her hus band under one arm and her baby under the other. Andj there'll be turkey, captain, and cranberry sauce, captain, and squash pie, cap tain, and three kinds of pudding, and nuts and raisins, and games in the evening, and ' Auld Jang syne,' and all the rest of it, captain. The steamer shall certainly reach New York by November 23, you promise, Captain Barton?' Priscilla Saltonstall, of Salem, Massachu setts, _ stopped breathless, and beamed on the captain. 4 Captain Barton, of the steamship New England, shook his portly side3 and beamed on his old friend's daughter. ' We'll fetch it, if if s within the power of mortal man,' said he, in his big hearty voice. ' I'll take special good care of your lassie, Mrs. McDonald, and deHver her 'C.O.D.' to her pa. My wife's going along, and there's an extra berth in my daughter's state-room. Prompt on board at S o'clock a.m., Mies Priscilla, and a good night's rest to ye.' Priscilla's small steamer trunk stood ready. She had insisted on putting in a grey crepe gown, ' in case of a festive occasion on board;' also she had packed a jaunty Bedfern jacket and a Gainsborough hat ' for Sundays and New York.' For constant wear she had a shaggy navy blue iilster, which buttoned from chin to instep, and wrapped her close and warm. The blue cloth cap would cover not only her chesnut hair, but her forehead and ears if necessary. That chesnut hair with its golden glints was Priecilla's chief beauty. Chesnut hair with golden glints is rare. That is the reason why Priscilla turned to look a second time at a young woman standing near the steamer's raiL For now the New England had swung clear of the Glasgow docks, and was gliding down the River Clyde to the Frith beyond. The steerage passengers had not yet been banished to the forward part of the ship as they would be later, and among them was this young slender woman with hair like Priseilla's own. But the face was full of care, and the eyes drooped sadly. That was not like the happy girl's face, crowned with its shining tresses. The stranger looked at Priscilla. Priscilla, looking at her, became aware of a small boy clinging to the woman's skirt. He was holding up his right hand, as if it pained him. Every now and then his mouth twitched, as if it were hard work to keep from crying. His lega were very thin. The coat which he wore was threadbare, and its sleeves were too short to cover the_ small red wrists. He kept losking up to his mother in a pitiful sort of way. I Priscilla heard her say— j fe. ' The doctor ; therer must be a .dostor, if we could only find him.' The helplessness of the two went right to Priscilla's heart. She stooped under the rope ] beyond which steerage passengers might not pas?. 'You are in trouble?'' she asked, coming dose to the woman. 'What is the matter with your hand, little boy ?' ' Some boilin' water scalt it, miss,' said the woman. ' We was that hurried to ketch the steamer we couldn't stop to get help. I couldn't miss the boJt, miss, for I'd news that my husband was terrible sick in New York. Don't cry, Timmy S Don't cry, dear ! Come, now !' The tears were in the mother's eyes. That was more than Priscilla could bear. 'I know the ship's surgeon,' said she. ' I went over in this steamer four months ago. Wait. I'll bring Dr. Deems.' The astonished surgeon found himself suddenly captured, whisked up the companion way and hurried toward the steerage. He was an elderly man, naturally slow of motion and also of comprehension, but when Priseilla held up the little blistered fingers, exclaiming, ' See there, doctor !' even stolid Dr. Deems took in the situation. The tiny hand was dressed with ointment and bound up in soft linen. ' I'm sure we're grateful,' said the woman. 'Thank the kind miss, Timmy. I guess we'll go below ; it's so dreadful cold on deck.' It was cold, and it grew colder as the steamer came out on the broad Atlantic. The ?wind, which whistled in her wake, had lately been hobnobbing with the North Pole and dancing among the icebergs of the Arctic Ocean. But Priscilla was not cold. Wrapped in shawls and rugs, she lay in her steamer chair, or, together with the captain's daughter, played 'ring toss' with Mrs. Travers, the pretty English bride, and Mr. Travers, the adoring bridegroom, who brought forward a couple of healthy English boys to join the fun. Presently the bride was seen to 'smile a kind of sickly smile,' and 'the subsequent proceedings interested her no more.' She was borne below by the adoring groom. The re maining four tried a game of shuffleboard, while the captain stood by, proud of his two girls, who ate and enjoyed their five meals a day, though every lady and half the men for bore. ' And we're making splendid time !' cried Priscilla gaily. ' We're sure to be in New York before Thanksgiving day at this rate. How many knots was it yesterday, captain ?' Polite John Bull, jun., offered to keep the account in Priscilla's little 'log.' 'Two hundred and ninety miles on Satur day.' 'Oh, call it 'knots,'' expostulated Pris cilla. ' A knot's a nautical mile, you know.' ' Two hundred and eighty knots on Sunday ; three hundred, Monday; two hundred and seventy-five, Tuesday; two hundred and ninety, yesterday. Shall we make it three hundred and ten to-day, captain?' 'I reckon we're not so fast as the ocean greyhounds. We'll get our Thanksgiving, Miss PuEsy. Now would you four like a peep at the engine ! Hear her pulse a-beating ? feteady— steady— steady; shb's a vigorous old party, she is.' The captain took' the young folk amidship. But when they reached the iron ladder leading down to the machinery, Priscilla was missing. She had dropped behind, for passing near the steerage she had caught sight of the woman with the chesnut hair. The .child was near by ; both were shivering in their scanty garments, and they looked so shrivelled and wan that it eeemed as if the boisterous wind might blow them away. 'Oh '.' said Priecilla, stopping short. The mother looked up, trying to smile, though her teeth chattered. 'We've been.so r seasick, miss ; I- thought the fresh air would do Timmy good ; but I don't know as he can stan' it. It's very close down below, miss.' Priscilla knew that. She had gone into the steerage on a former voyage. She remembered the berths built five abreast. She had taken a few whiffs of the air, which, in spite of at tempted ventilation, was impure. 'You mutt stay up here,' Bhe said eagerly. 'Just wait a minute.' The two crouched down and waited. Priscilla ran off and returned. 'I have more wraps, than I can possibly use — far more,' she said, speaking rapidly to avoid contradiction. She enveloped the woman in a thick Hima laya shawL As for Timmy, he looked like a small Scotch mummy swathed in a McDonald 'plaidie.' ' Sit here, in the lee of this steampipe,' said Priscilla, and too weak and too thankful to resist, mother and child obeyed. ' What have you had to eat to-day ?' asked Priecilla gently. 'The woman shook her head. 'The food ?was good, but — oh, we coiddnH.' Again Priscilla sped away. 'I'm going to 'insult' the stewardess to the extent of 59 cents,' she declared to herself. Presently she came back, swaying with the motion of the vessel, but managing to carry nnspilt a bowl of chicken broth, ' ' Open your mouth and shut your eyes,'' she quoted cheerily, and again she was obeyed. 'It's worry makes me worse than usual,' apologised the woman. 'My husband, mi3s, he was a coachman to a rich lady in New York, but he's lost his place, being down with a fever. I was home to mother's. She was sick and sent for me. She died last week. I can work if I can only get to him. It seems as if this ship stood stock still, I'm that daft.' ' We are going at full speed,' said Priscilla, encouragingly. ' The captain's sure we shall make three hundred miles to-day. You'll keep Thanksgiving with your husband, Mrs. Me Whir ten. Like as not he's getting well . just frqm the hope of seeing you.' The woman stretched out her hand. ' How you do hearten me up !' said she. ' Just listen and see how that blessed engine is working away ! And we are spinning — actually spinning along. Keep a stiff upper lip, Mrs. McWhirten, for — dear^me ! what'j that?' She sprang to her feet, her face as white as death. Mrs. McWhirten seized her arm There was a sudden crash. The ship shivered from stem to stern, then rolled heavily from side to side. The pulse cf the engine ceased. There was a sound of hurrying feet. There were ehouts and cries. Up from below has tened men with scared faces. Women half clad, ghattly with terror, implored to be told what had happened. ' ' Struck a rock ?' ' ' A rock in mid-ocean 5' 'Sprung aleak?' 'Has the boiler burst?' Then from mouth to mouth new the words, ' The shaft has broken !' ? That was the truth; The huge beam which connected the machinery amidship with the screw at the stern had snapped like a brittle pipe-stem. The blades hung motionless. For an hour confusion reigned. Then the captain came on deck. The passengers clus tered round him. Even those in the rear heard his voice, it was so clear and loud. 'Great delay. No danger. Possibly the shaft can be mended, but no counting on that. In the meantime up with the sails. We shall not attempt to return to Glasgow with the wind dead east.' The passengers pulled themselves together. The relief from fear of immediate wreck was something. People tried to joke and laugh. ' A good long voyage ahead.' ' All right ! We're bound to make port by 1900, if we only keep at it !' ' ' England expects every 'man^to do his duty.' ' ' If pluck's the article called for, you won't find America behindhand.' The white canvas was already swelling in the stiff breeze. The brave New England set her bow squarely ahead. She knew what was ex pected of her. That day she made sixty miles. Good! Then the wind shifted. It changed to the Eouth, then vtered to the east. The New England tacked, tacked, tacked, but still S pressed on. Only fifteen miles was that day's record. The ' funny man' among the passengers got up a negro- minstrel troupe to enliven tae even ing. Priscilla and the captain's daughter were drawn into a group of young people to play 'Muggins' and 'Throwing Light.' No one permitted himself to be dull, not even when, en the eighth day from Glasgow, a dead calm fell on the sea and the sails flapped idly. Constantly Prisc-lla stole away to her friend of the steerage. The delay was heart-rending to Mrs. McWhirten. ' My husband ! oh, my sick husband !' she cried, and the tears stole between the thin fingers which covered her face. Then it was that Priscilla spied the captain on the bridge, sweeping the horizon with his glass. 'Of course,' exclaimed Priseilla, 'he's looking for a ship. A vessel may heave in eight any moment — any moment, Mrs. McWhirten. Don't cry, or you'll fail to catch the first glimpse of her. Watch for a ship, Timmy boy. Watch for a ship to tow you ashore to your father.' But it was not for a ship only that Captain Barton strained his eyes. He knew what this cloudless sky, this motionless sea, might fore bode. His masts were stout, but the New England was not built for sailing, and an angry red stained the west where sky and water met. Nevertheless, the capjbainput an encouraging hand on Priscilla's shoulder. 'We'll scarce make land before the 27th,' he said; 'but if we reach New York then — and we may ; give us a good wind and we may do it yet— you would have time to take a fast express for home and get your Thanksgiving after all.' Priseilla nodded back at him. 'That's all I ask,' she said. For two days and a night they had lain becalmed. The second night the wind arose. It came with a rush and a roar. The water seethed under the New England's bows ; the masts bent ominously; rain and sleet de scended in torrents. The captain never left the bridge. The third night darkened. Then the storm laid itself out to do its worst. The steamer was tossed like an eggshell from one huge wave to another. It was driven hither and thither. It pitched, it rolled, it stood upright on its etern like a balky horse, it plunged madly forward. The passengers were tied into their berths. Briecilla clung with her ten fingers to the slate of the berth above her, and was barely kept from falling to the floor by her ' weather- board.' There was a noise of shattered croskery and of state-room furniture banging about. Then, above the din, came one tremendous crash — the mainmast split and fell. The tattered canvas was cut away and drifted off into the night. After that the storm abated. The ship heaved to and fro in the trough of the sea. A jury-mast was raised, and the bow kept straight. That was all that could be done. 'About seven hundred miles off the New foundland Banks,' the captain said. 'Oar hope is now to sight some steamer. Pve broken my promise to you, Priecilla,' he added, softly. *' No Thanksgiving day for us, my dear.' Priseilla. smiled bravely up at him. ' I for give you,' she said, and made a dash for her state- room. It was not only the loss of the festive day she mourned, but the thought of the misery they must be going through at home over whelmed her. The New England mush over due. No word to say she was still afloat. The knowledge of her people's anguish cut into Priscilla's heart with sharp stabs. She wrung her hands. Then she sat up straight and shook herself. 'Stop that/' she said out loud. She stood upon her feet and marched to the steerage. 'A vessel 13 sure to come, Mrs. McWhir ten,' saidjshe, speaking rather faster and louder than was necessary. ' And all this time your husband is probably getting better. Come, Timmy, come up on deck and I'll play a game of jack-stones with you.' Ah ! the five days and the five nights which followed. The New England drifted — now forward, now back, now to the east, now to the west— just as the wind and water dictated, so did she. The American flag hung Union down on a tall pole, signalling 'distress.' Twice the captain burned red lights at night. There v?as a burst of excitemeat when the smoke of an outward-bound steamer was seen on the horizon. But she failed to hear the New England's guns, or for some other reason passed on unheeding. Again they waited. The food held out and no one knew that the drinking water was diminishing ominously. The eighteenth day since leaving Glasgow dawned slowly. Did Mrs. McWhirten dream or did somebody really shake her vigorously as she lay in her berth ? She opened her bewildered eyes and beheld Priseilla. 'A steamer insight ! Come! come! Then the vision vanished. , . , How can I tell of the frenzy of joy ?which seized the passengers of the disabled J\ew England? Nearer and nearer she came— the Cornelia J. Perkins, a 'tramp' steamer from Antwerp, laden with window-glass, leather, and pig iron. She paused to the leeward. A boat from the New England speeds across the water. Back she comes, bringing one of the Cornelia J. Perkins's officers. Captain Barton talks with him apart. The news is given. Heavily laden is the Cornelia J. Perkins, Scarce aDy accommodation for passengers. Running short of provisions.'' Still she will receive on board twenty persons from the New England. 'And one extra for me,' adds Captain Barton in an undertone. She will then make for Halifax and send help. - . . . 'Count- on a tow by the fifth day from this.' 1 . .Then it was that Priscilla, close to the cap tain's elbow, overheard what no one was meant to suspect. ' For God's sake, hasten,' said the captain, * we have sprung a leak !' Moving backward, he saw Priscilla. ' You are to go,' he said to , her authoritatively. Lots were cast. No one selfishly fought for precedent. Ten women, ten men, were to go on board the Cornelia J. Perkins. There were one or two voluntary exchanges made. Mr. Travers, for example,_ gave away his chance and stayed with his bride. ' Bid me good-by now, Pnscilla. Tell your father I took better care of you than of my own daughter. She and her mother stay with me.' He wrung her hand and left ner. _ There was a hurry and a bustle, but in less than 10 minutes all arrangements were made. Into the ship's boat stepped the lucky 20, among them a slender, girlish figure in a, closeli -buttoned blue ulster, her chesnut hair showing but a little under her cap, which was drawn down over her forehead and ears. ' Hurrah ! hurrah ! hurrah ! Give them a. hearty send-off, my friends. As for the rest of us, we shall soon reach land. We know where we are. And there's the dinner-belL' The captain, at the head of the table, looked stanch and brave. Not one of the passengers knew that the New England's stern pumps were working desperately night and day, that the utmost exertion could scarcely keep the entering water under. Not one knew. Not one? In the cabin doorway suddenly appeared a. girL She wore a gray crepe gown, though, this was scarcely a ' festive occasion.' A jaunty Red fern jacket did its best to keep her from freezing. A Gainsborough hat covered her cbe&nut; hair. She was leading a email boy. 'Captain, will you give Timmy and me a bit of mutton ? We're hungry. Timmy and L' Captain Barton stared as if he had seen a. ghost. ' Priscilla Saltonstall I' he gasped. 'I saw you in the boat I saw — your hair.' 'You saw my ulster, Captain. You also saw my cap, but the hair belonged to Mrs. ftfcWhirten. She had to reach her husband. She has left Timmy with me. Won't you give, us something to eat, please, Captain?' Captain Barton was angry, perplexed, ad miring, and overwhelmed. ' God bless you !'? he cried. ' God bless you ! You're a fool — you're a trump! You're — you're — you're a — My soul ! what will your father say ? Bat — God bless you, my dear !' It was later when he drew Priscilla aside. 'Before you gave up your chance to thab. McWhirten woman did you hear what I said about the condition of this ship ?' Priseilla turned a little pale, but her eyea were steady and clear. 'I did, sir,' she answered. ' Noother passenger knows,'said thecaptauv 'No other shall know,' said Priscilla SaltonstalL And now my story is done. But did no help come ? Was there no Thanksgiving day Z Do you suppose I would have told such a melancholy tale as that? Not L Help did come. None too soon, but it came. Two great tugs and a pilot. Into Halifax harbor floated the rescued New England. And there on the pier were not only Mr. Saltonstall, bat Mrs. Saltonstall and Tom. 'Came by telegraph,' said Tom. What a welcome did Priscilla receive ! Three pairs of arms struggled to get hold of hsr. Three pairs of eyes feasted upon her. Then, home they went as fast as locomotives would take them. There they found sister Eleanor with husband and baby. Still ,no Thanksgiving day. They waited, till Captain Barton could leave his ship and bring himself, his wife, and daughter. Then well on in December — it was almost!, encroaching on the rights of the Christmas, butj no matter for that — there was such a feast. And out in the servants' quarters who should-, be holding high carnival but Mr. McWhirten, Mrs. McWhirten, and Timmy. For Priscula: bad told their story to her father, and lo ! the Saltonstalls' coachman had lately 'given, notice.' Mr. Saltonstall went on to New I jik and interviewed Mr. MeWhirteH. ' Give me a week, sir, and I'm your man,'' said that worthy, and he threw away his medicine, rose up, and found himself wefl. No wonder Mrs. McWhirten's eyes shone. No wonder Timmy's little stomach ashed with happiness and pie. Captain Barton tried to make an after-dinner - speech. He stretched out his right hand toward Priscilla. ' She knew another blow might ccme, and' we drift to Jericho. She knew the leak might; get the better of us, and we take up quarters in Davy Jones's locker. She gave up her. chance all the same. That's -what I call pluck.. Your daughter, Dick SaltonsfcalL I remem bered you at school, and the stock hasn't degenerated. And praise the Lord who * bringeth them to the haven where they would be!'' He blew a mighty blast upon his nose and Fat down. Bat remembering1 that he had-, forgotten something he rose to his feet again. '.4«B«i/'8aid he. Everybody laughed and everybody cried,, but they all echoed the captain's 'Amen f — Harpers Young People. 