DISTRICT VISITATION. (: The following excellent paper was read at. the last meeting of the Elders' Association by Mr. W. Howat, Union Memorial Church, North Melbourne, and as the subject 1 is one of great importance to church life, we give the paper in extenso. A most interesting discussion fol lowed, and much benefit accrued from theconsideration of the topic: " When asked to write a paper for to-night's meeting, I fear a too ready consent was given, as there are many in this Association who have had a much longer and more varied experience of an elder's work than myself. The impression a;I: have gained during seventeen years' work in the eldership is that the best ser vice an elder renders to the Church is in connection with his visiting duties. I suppose no elder will maintain that it is not his dity; to visit the members of his distridt. In accepting the eldership the responisi bility also0is accepted of exercising a spiritial' care over a iiuliber' of 'members, and atdherents of the Church; aind it is impossible to know; the spiritual state of these withoiit' intimate acquaintance, . gained by; frequent visiting. In most Churches a ready method h'as been 'adopted, by which an opening is presented to; an elder 'of paying'an officiail risit; quarterly to "each- nmember and adherent of his distriSt.`' 'The iarea from 'wvhich the'- cicregation " is drawvn'' is subdivided ?into distric't, corresponding n' number to the elders comprising the session; e.g., in the North Melbourne Session a few years ago there were' twelve elders and twelve districts--now the work is overtaken by six elders, although, for convenience's sake, the number of the districts is unaltered. Presuming that the Lord's Supper is dispensed quarterly and the admission is ny IS communion card, and that the cards Bi are distributed by. the elders, then in that case four official visits by aln bi elder are secured ,to each member fe every year.• Where these visits are m made in a right spirit, a warm friend.I ship should exist as a consequence between the elder and those he calls upon. His visits ought not to be confined merely to quarterly calls, but should be as often 'as he feels it would be advisable to go. *For perusal of mhmbers 'I have handed the secretary, as a nucleus of ani elders' reference library, a district n roll book, printed by D. Robertson and Co., Glasgow, having in it the l following headings, viz., (i) name of S member, (2) residence, (3) occupation or profession, (4) name of children T not in full communion, (5) age, (6) remarks. It would be well for each elder to use such a record book, and also one in which to enter the dates r and' particulars of the visits made. Let each visit be such that reading p Scripture and prayer will be in per feet accord with the general tenor of the conversation. The elder should be induced to embrace opportunities for social. prayer by the knowledge ti that the effedtual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much, and more and more to fit himself for a T life of increased devotion to his Master's service. It should ever be the elder's aim to make his visits so ] edifying that gossip would be incon gruous. Let the, intercourse be eminently such a- becometh one called to the office by the Holy Ghost. In the time of Malachi the conversation of those that feared the Lord was that which it might be expedled would be miost enjoyed, for out of the abundance of the heart the I mouth spoke, and so should it be E now among the people of God. Let P us as elders ever be reaching forth to higher spiritual attainments our. selves. The possession of this holy ambition will manifest forth ,the life of an uncommon Christian, and it is to the uncommon Christian the ] World, is most indebted, arid it is the Christian of that class who is most beloved, and exercises inost influence foi God with his fellow men. In the event of death or the removal other wise of any member or adherent, the elder.of the distrift should' be able, on reference to his book of record, to give a full report of the spiritual state and circumstances of such` a one. In addition to periodical, quary terly and less official visits to mem bers and adherenits, the elder should feel it,incumbent upon him to visit the'sick residing within his' bounds! It would be well were elders' to con sider it an honour conferred by Christ when asked to visit the sick; and especially sick saints, for in the discharge of this duty they, become partakers of Christ's 'sufferings. If we undertake the servicd of sick 'visitation, we may rest assured'that 1 when Christ's glory shall be revealed, we will be glad also with ',xceeding joy.: "Occasionally an elder is met who 'believes that because of his inferior' social statius his "'visits are.` n.ot acceptable': to ' those" in a higher position.' It wiild" be well for any who hold such a view to be assured that a 'close walk with God 'brings 'with'it' a':diginiity'that will win lor him wvho so 'al? sa read'eiitiarice into thE hbimes iif all who have any'discemrninent ofspiritual gifts. 'Ohe of the most'respieted and beloved elders whom I know is ?day labourer, and his frienidship is a'rich possession.' Let no one be' deterred from' doing his duty. becabise'ofh is lowly social position, or imagine that a more" elevated rank will,' apart from God's blessing, assist him in his work. Be assured that' heonly who keeps closely walking with God will God bless. ; The dignity of labour has been secured eternally, inasmuch as our Lord and Master was Himself also'a carpenter. The. weapons of our warfare, the instrui ments with which we labour, are spiritual. Mere position, wealth, and intelledtual gifts are in them selves but lifeless channels, for ser vice. So far as I kiow anything of religious life, it would appear, that the man, whatever his occupation, who has most of the Christ charafter will have the most influence over others for their good, and will at the same time gain respe6t and draw out affection. Had Sir James MacBain been a day labourer, mason or carpenter, he would have been respe'ted and beloved by all who knew him in connecion with his ework as an elder. \Vith the posses sion of choicequalifications, certainly r the higher the position, the greater the wealth, and the more gifted intellet Sually the elder, the larger isthe sphere of usefulness covered. Besides the members, the adher ents should be an especial care on the elder, and he should not be content until they see their way to become communicants. Let the elder study the charader of each adherent, and do his best to meet any objeetions that may be raised to the living of a godly life, and seek to influence beneficially the undecided. I would strongly urge that in addition to an elder, a member of committee be appointed to each distriC, and that it be recognised as his duty to accompany the elder as often as can be arranged, in visiting at each dwellinig-to invite the occupants to the Church, should it be found they are non-church-goers. Were this done, the so-called Christian world would begin to believe that at least as much earnestness in the cause of Christ exists as leads to a house-to house canvass when matters purely terrestrial are affected. An elder should take an interest in all that concerns the advancement of public morals,f and while being indeed one of the people himself, freely entering into all that is.of interest to the pub lic generally, ever be careful that' his " light shall so shine that others seeing; his good works shall glorify, his Father which is in Heaven," and this, it may be, he can best accom plish by the systematic visitation of the members and adherents of his listrieds such as is herein recoin mended. 