THE GHOST OF A DREAM. "Mary, look at tlie sunset over the bills- See the rose on the snow, and the fiery gold Touching the summit and gilding the floating clouds Away in the west See the fairies ot Eve Weaving bright dreams on. the mountains That summer shall bear to the plain." And Mary gazed at the brightness, but saw not the sunset, Her mind and her heart were away where the still. ness of night Hung chill afar on the liroal weary desert of-sand, And the sentinel fires and the silent starlight that watched The deep of an army the mom siould awake to their doom, Bnt Ethel saw only theeunset now fading away, Tha golden glery all gone, and only the tints Of rose and lavender faint id the western sty. ." Ethel, did you not hearit away tn the south. The rear of a gun and the neigning of Arab steeds,' And the bogle-call in the little Egyptian camp; * They are coining, I know. I can hear their myriad tread.". - , " Couie, dearest, away," said Ethel, " Oh, talk not thus, Much brooding has given a kind of truth to your dreams. Come away to the bright dancing firelight and ' drive hence this ghost of a dream." " Uh! Ethel, the tire is leaping and flashing about in the darknees, And the guns are roaring, and spears and bayonets gleam, They are thousands to one, and O, Ethel, Frank is out yonder." "Come, dearest, away," said Ethel, and carried her hence ' With laughter and brightness to bury the ghost of it dream. . But Maiy was silent-, and fear -sate cold at her heart, And the month sped on into summer with winged speed, And the primrose and iris had bloomed and faded away. And now the garden was heavy with odoura of rosep. And tall yellow sunflowers turned their big eyes tw the sun, -,.• And the fragrance of sommer came up from the meadows of hay, And the sad, sad message came home from afar at last, And Mary knew-that her springtide dream waa true And her Frank lav ont in the desert beyond old Kile, And that none should ever return to tell how ha fell, , ' " Boine down by a myriad foes by Hie Paslia's r ' Hde. :.»...-; Puketoi. D. 11. WRIGHT. * Hie Pasha's army of 1,540 Egyptians with some European .officers ant) several war correspondents were utterly destroyed,-after fighting two whole days in sauare by an Arab force rein-'rced to Dumber 200,000. 