?.How Shall We Decide Tills ItueitleB I" Note, which it the none-to hate no appetite .for your dinner, or to hate no dinner for your appetite t There ate loti ot people on the one tide or the other of this: question. When "good digestion wails on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude ot a person towards his meals. But most ol us *re not blessed in that way; we either have too touch food with out an appetite,«r a vigorous appttita without enoogh to satiety it. DiSerent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common *en«e of it f ? that, within reasonable Units, it is better to have an appetite without* dinner, bedause, abort of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy tntn; whereM a man who ought to eat to* doesn't feet like efcUng, stands in need of *' alteration and repairs," 1 To iliaatrate We recently received a com munlcationin'Vhich'the writer says, "Iwas' nlraid to eat." Did lie fancy the food was poisoned, or did liis nature rebel ORainst the nourishment lived on ? If tho latter, why? Let him cleat the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to bpc.ik, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none w&p; good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive end uiy appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always light before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled witb wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." Wc cannot wonder that under those circum stances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He added that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation" at his heart, bb though it was touched with gome sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was bo severe that the sweat rolled off him. "I dreaded," he says, " the thought of eating, and man)/ a tcanly iileal have I made, for I irrTtf afraid to eat, " After a time I gut into a low, weak, ner vous condition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep," Wliftt he means by the fear of " something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such aa the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as his intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, fori had a wife and family dependiog on me. So I straggled on, bat what I suffered for over two years is past my power of descrip tion. I am tun no one has mjfered to huic/i at I hate done." In the latter statement be is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched esperience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it fouad him he chanced to read in a book of « case exactly like Mi oicn having been cured by Mother Seigel'e Byrop. " My wife," he Says, " got me a bottle at Mr. kangstatf's, in Wood lesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me bus never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Bail tray Company for eleven years. (Signed) " GEOROK HUNT, " Car Bottom Boad, " Apperly Bridge, near JJeedl." We publish this by.Mr. H&nl;'s.-desire, in order that part ot the world at least may know how thankful lie is sad Cor what reason. 