HUNTING. THE MELBOURNE HOUNDS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALIANS. Sir,-I don't know why Mr. Watson did not ar- range for a meet in the Essendon country until last day of the season, for certainly there is no better hunting to he had anywhere to near town, and the great majority of the landowners have for the last 30 years given the Melbourne Hunt Club every en- couragement to frequent that district as often they pleased. Perhaps the master was influenced in appointing a meet there last Saturday by what oc- curred recently, when one of the leading farmers complained that he (Mr. Watson) had of late, and asked the reason why, as :they were always glad to see him and his hounds." At all events, old memories were revived by the announce- ment of a meet at the Essendon cross roads, and a stag was ordered from the club's park at Derimut for the occasion. For some reason or another the members of the club did not muster in large numbers. Some, no doubt, had their hones in training for the hunt race meeting, while ethers had used up their horses during the season, which was the longest and most severe that has ever been known. In this country. However, the places of the absentees were filled by a large contingent of local sportsmen, making the cavalcade which took the field a numerous one, and included several good horses and horsemen. Mr. Godfrey Watson has had the duty of master assigned him very frequently this season, and he has been invariably successful in showing good sport, even when scent was not very satisfactory, as son this occasion, for immediately after the throw-off, which was into Mar Lodge Estate, the hounds experienced much difficulty in getting on to the line, and there- fore the hunting was slow for some time, until " Wide through the fuzzy field their route they take Their bleeding bosoms force the thorny brake; The flying game their smoking nostrils trace, No bounding hedge obstructs their eager pace; The distant mountains echo from afar, The hanging woods resound the flying war, The tuneful noise the sprightly courser hears, Paws the green turf and pricks his trembling ears; The slacken'd rein now give him all hit speed; Back flies the rapid ground beneath the steed, Hills, dales, and forests far behind remain, While the warm scent draws on the deep-mouthed train." Alter one or two patient casts Mr. Watson got the hounds well on the line of their quarry, which was through Budesbach, over Spring Greek, and into Mr. Beale's farm; then coming to the right they skirted the North Pole road, and crossed the Mount Alex- ander road into Spring-park, through which they sped along into Mr. Sharpe's farm, and from thence they crossed the road which leads from Keilor to Broadmeadows into Mr. Willamson's farm, from whence they struck across the Bulla road and down to the Moonee Ponds Creek, which they skirted for about a mile until they reached Glendewar, where they sighted the stag and chased him into Goodewar, where Mr. W. H. Croker's beautiful park- like property, and here he was in decided trouble, for the hounds gained upon him to such an extent that he was in that so aptly described by Somerville-- "Now the blown stag, through woods, bogs, roads, and streams, Has measured hall the forest; but, alas ! He flies in vain, he flies not from his fears. Though far he cast the lingering pack behind, His haggard fancy still with horror views The fell destroyer ; still the fatal cry Intuits his ears and wounds his trembling heart. So the poor fury-haunted wretch (his hands In guiltless blood distain'd) seems to hear The dying shrieks; and the pale the threatening ghost Moves as he moves, and as he flies pursues. See here his slot, apron green hill he climbs, Pants on its brow awhile, sadly looks back On his purposes coming all the plain ; But, wrung with anguish, bears not long the sight ; Shoots down the steep and sweats along the vale." He was completely surrounded by the pact, but by the vigorous use of his feet and antlers he compelled his foes to keep at a civil distance without standing at bay. In the meantime he kept along the serpentine windings of the creek, evidently seeking an oppor- tunity of taking soil, but the hounds never him, and when in desperation he bounded into a water- hole, which turned out to be too shallow, and with a soft bottom, the pack pounced upon and had him down before he could offer any resistance, and be was killed in a moment. A number of suggestions were offered by inexperi- enced sportsmen as to what ought to have been done with a view of saving the deer, and some were quite poetic in their grief at the loss of so beautiful a creature, and blamed everyone concerned in not having managed matters better, which drew forth a remonstrance somewhat like the following: " But stay, adventurous muse! has thou the force To wind the twisted horn, to guide the horse ? To keep thy seat unmoved, hast thou the skill O'er the high gate and down the headlong hill ? Canst thou the stag's laborious chase direct, Or the strong fox through all his arts detect ? The theme demands a more experienced lay : Ye mighty hunters, spare this weak essay." While Mr. Watson was engaged in performing the ceremonies which invariably follows a kill, and bestow- ing the trophies on those who were most forward during the run, Mr. and Mrs. Croker appeared on the scene, and invited the whole field to their house, and as we proceeded through the lovely park it was impossible to refrain from stopping to admire the charming scenery that presented itself from every point of view. The exquisite glades, hills, vales, and woodlands wanted only a herd of deer to make them positively enchanting. On arriving at the handsome residence we were treated with that hospitality which is characteristic of Mr. and Mrs. Croker, and on leaving we could not but feel that on this, the last day of the hunting season of 1892, "our lines were cast in pleasant places" when our chase led us to Goodwood.--Yours, &c; CERVUS ELAPHUS. 