Ipieratare. [?] By MBS. OLIPSANT, Author --of 'Hie Son of his Fattier,' 'The Chronicles of Oarlingford,' 'The Bose in Jane,' ' The Greatest Heiress in England,' 'Whiteladies,' 'Within the Precincts,' '? - - 'It was a Lover and his Lass,' ' Adam Graeme,' &c;, &c; {Published byepetial arrangement wiOi the author All ligbto reserred.1 ? ' . - ? ' CflSPIJEE Vli. ? '? . Mr. J&ngsward;'s opening speech was a wonder to hear. She sat and looked at them ? . all for a moment trying to Bteady herself, but there was nothing to steady ser in what she saw before her. Aubrey and Bee,- the pair who had beenso sweet to see, such a diversion in all circumstances, so amusing in their mu tual absorption, so delightful in their romance. It all flwB^pd back to her mmxL the excitement of Bee's first proposal, the pleasure of seeing 'her bairn respected like the lave,' though Mrs. Kingsward might not have understood what these wordB meant, the little triumph it was to see her child engaged at nineteen when \- everybody said there was nobody for the girls to many, and .now- to have that triumph turned into humiliation and dismay £ a«h -to think of Bee's bright face overcast and . her happiness over, and poor Aubrey thrown \- out into the uttermost darkness. Had -? she .seen Charlie it might -have given her some : support, for Charlie, was the impersona \- . tion_ of immovable severity ;;but Betty's wist- - \- fnl little face behind the other pair, coining out . -from Aubrey's shadow by moments took an appealing look upon her mother, was not caleu- ' \- lated to make her any stronger. She cleared her ftroat— she tried hard to steady her voice. She said, *'Obi' my dear children,5* faltering; and then the poor lady ended in a burst of sobbing . and tears. It ^ave her a little sting and stimu lant to see through her weeping, that though little Betty ran towards her with kisses and soothing Bee took no notice, but stood hard -and unaffected in her opposition, holding dose to Aubrey's arm.- Mrs. Kjngsward indeed got no sympathy exaept from little Betty. Charlie - . . put his hand imperatively upon her shoulder, -.-. Recalling her to herself, and Bee never moved, standing by the side of .Aubrey teigh. The 'mother, tires deserted, plucked up a little spirit - in the midst of her weakness.' ? ?V Bee,*'sheeaid, 'I do not think it is quite nice «f you to stand there 'as if your own ' people were againBt yon. We are not against -you. There has been, I fear, a great mistake made, wmon uoioaei ±ungswara — aere ene turned her -eyes to Aubrey — 'has -found ont in— in time; though it is a pity, a sad pity, that it was not found out before. If Mr. ' Aubrey had only been frank and said at once ' —but I don't see what difference -that would have made. Papa eays that from what he has teard and discovered tilings most -not go \- any further. He is sorry and so am I that they have gone so far ; and the engagement must be broken off at once. You hear' what I ?say, Bee?' . * - '-'?'^ ? ?'- \- ' I heard you say so last night, mamma, but I say it is my engagement and'! have a right * to know why. I do not mean— to break It ''' €&—n ? ? ?;????-'??' ???'. '? ??-'? 'Oh, how can I make explanations— how can I enter into such a question'? I appeal to you, Mr. Aubrey— tellner.1' * : : 'She ought not to ask any explanations. \- She is a minor, under aee. My father has a right to do' whatever he pleases— and she das . none to ask why.' '?' , ;? :i ? '' '' i - This was how Charlie reasoned on the height : of his one-and-twenty years. 'Charlie was the intolerable : element 'iu all this question. \- Aubrey cast a look at him and forcibly closed ujb uwit ±iya -w xxvy m Bomecoing huhi was bursting forth. Bee defied him, as was natural, on the fip'ot. -l I will not have Charlie put in his opinion,', she cried; 'He' has nothing to do with me. Even if T obeyed papa I certainly should not obey him.' ' - . ? ' Let Aubrey say himself,' said Mrs. Kings ward, 'whether you ought to be told every thing. Bee.' ' It is cruel to ask me,' said Aubrey, epeak : ing for the fir'at time, 'If Bee could know all, if you could know all, Mrs. Kingsward. But - :how could I tell you all ? . Part -of 'ibis is' true and part is not true. I could speak to Colonel ?' \- Kingsward more freely. I -am going off to- ?? night to London to see him. It will free 'you . \- from embarrassment and it will give me per haps a chance. ' I did not want to put you to this trial. -If am ready - to ' pub myself 'na \- reservedly in Colonel Kingsward's hands.' 'Then,', said Bee hastily, 'it seems Jam of no sort of importance at all to any one.- I ? ? '. am told my engagement is broken off and then I am told that I am not. to know why, and \- - then — px- thai, Aubrey, as that is your choice, jS&d; 'fight it opt with papa, if you please.' She . loosed her arm from his with a. ehght impulse, ? _. pushing ' him away. ' But just mind this, .. ?' .everybody,' she cried, ' you' may think little ' of Bee— but my engagementahallnobbebrnken by anybody, bat me ; and it shallnob be kept oh .1 by*nybody but me ; and I will neither give it ' Tip nor will I hold to it, neither one nor the other, until I know why.' Then the judge and the defendant looked each other in the. face. They were as may be ; supposed on opposite sides, but they were the ' only two to consult each other inthisemer '?? gency. . Aubrey responded by a movement of ' . bis;head, by a slight throwing up of his hand, \- to the'-^aestion in' Mrs. Kings ward's eyes. ' Then yon shall know as much as I can tell you, Bee. Yorir father bad a letter last week /from a lady 'telling' him - that she had a revela tion to make. The letter alarmed your father. \- He felt that faemust know what it meant. He couldnotgo himself, but he sent fllr.Passavant, the lawyer.- The lady said .that- she bad lived . in Mr. Iieigh's ibuse for years m the time of his late wife. -She said Me. Leigh had— had b&baveS; very badly to her.' , ? . '.That I do not believe,3' said Bee. The words flashed out like a knife. They : made a stir in the air as if asudden gleam had ? come into it. And then sril was still -again, a -. strange dead quiet coming after, inwhich Bee \- perceived Aubrey silent, covering bis face with - bis hand. It came acros3 her with a sadden - pang, that ehe had heard somebody say this morning or last night— ' he did not deny it1' v And that be had promised her— marriage : —that he was engaged to her as good as— as good ^ mamed to her, when He had the cruelty, oh, my dear child, my dear child, to cometoy.-u!' ' ^Aubrevtook his ha?d away from his white face. .'That,' he said metrange dead tune less voice, 'ib not true.' 'Oh, more shame to you, Aubrey, more shame to you,' cried Mrs. Kingsward, for \- getting her judicial character in her inaiena \- ta'on as a woman, 'if it is not true! ? ' She r . paused a moment to draw her breath, then , »dded— 'But indeed you were not eo wicked as you say, for it is not true. And here is the ' eviaenee. Oh,' &he; cried with tears m her eyee, 'it makes your conduct to my child \- , worse: but it shows that yon were not then, . not then, as bad as you say.'5 Bee bad dropped into the chair that was next to her and there sat, for her limbs had so trembled that she could not stand, watching \- him, never taking her eyes from him, as.if he were a book in which the interpretation of this mystery was— ♦'Never mind about me,' he«aid hoarsely, ??IsaynofiiingformyselL A31owm»4obeas bad as a man can be; but that is not true. And what is the evideooet You never told me there was any evidenoe.' 'Sir.' said Mrs. KingBward, fully roused, 'I told you aUiOiat wasui inyhuBband'sletter tast night.' 'Yes— that Bhe,' a Bort of a shudder seemed to run over- him to the keen sight of the watchers— 'that she— said eo. You don't know as I do that that is no evidenoe. But yon speak now as if there was something more.' She took a piece of folded paper from her lap. 'There is this,' ehe said, 'a letter yon wrote to her the morning you went away.' ' I did writs her a letter,*-he said. Mrs. Kingsward held it out to him, but was stopped by Charlie, who put his hand on her arm. 'Keep the document mother. Don't put 'the evidenoe against him into a man's power.. HI read it if Mr. Leigh thinks proper.' Once more Aubrey and Bee together with a simultaneous impulse looked at this intruder into then; story. . 'Mamma! send him away. I should like to kill him V said Bee within her clenched' teeth. 'Be quiet, Charlie. Mr. ijeigh, I am icady to put this or any other evidence against you into your hands.' He bowed very gravely, and then etood onoe more as if he were made of etone. Mrs. Kingsward faltered very- much, her agitated face flushed. 'It begins,' she said, in a lowtfluttering voice, ' My dear little wife— ; — ' Then there came a very strange sound into the agitated silence, for Aubrey Leigh on trial for mare than his life, here laughed. 'What more, what more 3' he said. ' No, it is not that. It is—* I don't want—1 my dear little wife to be troubled about any thing. It xan all be done -quite 'easily and quietly, without giving an occasion for people to talk, a setrblement made and everything you could desire. I shall make arrangements about everything to-day.' Is is signed ' A.L., and it is in your handwriting. Bee, you can Bee it is in his hand writing— look for yourselL' . Bee would not turn her head.' ? She thought she saw the writing written- in fire upon the air— all his familiar turns in it. ? How well she knew the A.L., but she did not look at it, would liot look. She had enough to do looking at his face, which was the letter— the book she * was studying now. ' 'No doubt it is my handwriting,' he said, 'only it was addressed, opt to any other woman, but to my wife.' '?'?? ' -' 'Yaur wife died two years aeo, Mr. Leigh, and that is dated Christmas— this year.' /' That is a lie !' he cried ; then restrained himself painfully. 'You know I don't 'mean you— but the date and the assumption is en tirely a lie. Give me time and I will tell you exactly when it was written. I remember the letter. It was when I had promised Amy to provide for. her Mend on condition that she should be sent away— for she made my house,, -miserable.' - .-:??' ??? - ' And yet, and yet, Mr. Iielgh— oh, don't you see how the thinefs contradict each other. ' She made your house miserable, and yet ? when your wife- was dead, and you were free-i — ?' . .- ' ; ' He looked at her, growing paler and paler. *' And yet !' he said, '1 know what you mean. That is the infernal artof it.- My own ' folly has cut the ground from beneath my feet) and pub weapons into every' hand against me. I'know. I know. '.- ' ' .- .Again there came into Bee's mind the words she had heard last' night. 'He does -not deny it.'- And yet he was denying it with 'all his' 'might. Denying 'and not denying— what ? The girl's brain was all in a maze, and she could not telL ;'. 'You see,' said Mrs. Kingsward, gently. ' Oh, I am sorry for you in my heart. Peiliaps you werelBd into— a connection that you feel not to be— desirable. That I can understand. But that youshould think you cotiia save your- ' self by means' of an innocent girl,' almost a a child, and impose yourself pn a family - that had no suspicions; oh, Mr. Imgh, Mr. I-eigh ! you ought to have-died sooner than have done that.' . ?-' He looked at her piteously for a moment and then a dreadful -boWj of smile came' upon his face. 'I allow,' he said, 'that that would have been the best.' :.' : ' ? ? '! And there fell a silence upon the room. The sun was ehining. outside and the sound of the water gurgling -against the side of the ik-ats, and of all the commotion of the landing place, and of the hundreds of voices in the air, -ana of the chiming of the. docks, came in and filled the place. - : ..And just ' then there burst ont a carillon from one of the steeples setting the whole to' music, harmonising all thedis- ' cords, and sweeping -into this silence with a sudden rush of- 'sound as if Boine bodily presence had come in. It was the 'touch' too much for all : these ..excited and ~ troubled people. Mrs. Kingsward lay back in her chair and i-egan to weep silently. Aubrey - Leigh turned away from where he was standing and leant his head upon the walL ' As for Bee, she. sat quite still, dazed, 'not able to under stand; but crushed out of all her youthful self assertion and -determination to dear it all up. She to-clear ib up— who did net even tinder sand it, who could not fathom what was meant. That there was:somethin? more than met the eye, something that was not put into words, . seemed to show' vaguely through the words that ' were said. But what it was Beecould not tell. She could not xmderstand-'it at alL . And yet that there was a fatal obstacle rising up between her and her lover, something which no one could disperse or clear away ; not a mistake, not a falsehood, not a thing that could be passea over Triumphantly and forgotton— not aa youth is so quick to believe a mere severity, \- tyranny, arbitrary conclusion of papa — she felt in every fibre of her frame. She could not deny it or struggle against it ; her very being seemed paralysed. The meaning went but of her face, her absolute, certain, imperious youthfulness died out of her. She who loved to have her own.way, who had just protested that she would neither giye up nor hold fast except by her own ?will and understanding now eat dumb, vaguely staring, seeing shadows pass before her, and fheanng ,of things which were undeniable, mighty things, far more powerful than1 her ' little hob resolutions and determinations. Bee had never yet come face to face with any trouble which could cot be smoothed away; There was her own naughtiness, there were. Charlie's escapades at school and colleger-some of which she had known were. serious; but in a Tittle '.they had been passed over and forgotten and ^?everything had been as before. One time she -remembered papa had threatened, not to let .Charlie go back; to Harrow, which was a dreadful [ thing, exposing him. fvnd his naughti ness to all the world. But after a while papa -had changed his inipd and everything had gone smoothly as before. Could papa change his mind now? Would time m£ke it, even if he did, as ib was before. Bee had not mental power enough to think these things, or ask these questions of her own will ; but they went through her mind as people come in and go out by -an open door. ? -? ' . It was Aubrey who was the first to speak. The carillon stopped or «lse they got used to the sound and took no further notice of it, and . he collected himself and came forward again to -the middle of the room. He said — ' I know it will be a relief that I should go away. There is an afternoon train which I shall take. It is slow* but it does not matter. I shall be as well - there as any where— or as ilL I shall go direct to Colonel Kingsward and lay my whole case: . before him. He will perhap3 confront me with ?? my accuser — I hope so— if not he will at least hear what I. have to say for myself.' 'Ob, Mr. Iieigh! Oh, Aubrey! I can't wish you anything, but well whatever— what-.. ever may be done 3' - : ' Thank you, Mrs. King-award, I looked for nothing less from yonr kind heart. Will you give me that letter ?' She put it into his hands, without the least hesitation^ and he examined it — with a. sort of strained smile upon bis face. 'I should like - to take this back to Colonel Kingswara,' he said. Then added quickly,' with a short laugh, 'No, I forgot; there might be suspicion?. Send it back to him, please, by the first post that he may have it when -I get there.' He jga,ve the letter back, and then he looked round wistfully. ' May I say good-bye to Bee ?' She gob up at the words* feeling herself vaguely called upon— yet quite dufl, dumb, with all sorts of thoughts going, going, ' land coining through those wide-open doors of her mind— thoughts like strays which she seemed to see as they passed. ? Even Aubrey himself appeared a ghost. She got np and stood await ing him when, he approached her, not putting out a_ finger. Nobody interfered, not even Charlie who was fuming internally, yet some* ? how did not move. Aubrey went up to her and put hie hands upon her shoulders. Her unresponsiveness sent a chill to his heard. ' 'Have you given me up, Beef he cried. 'Already, already!' with anguish in his voice. She could not say a word. She shook her head like a mute, looking at him with her dazed eyes. 'She does not understand it— not a word !!- he said. ... Bee shook her head again. It was all ahe could do.1 : No, ehe did not understand, except that it was a kind of dying, something against which nobody could struggle. And then he \- kisBed her on her forehead as gravely as though he had been her father, and the next moment was gone — was it only out of the room, or out of the world, out of life. Chapteb VIIL It was a ilow train. The slowest train that there is, is, o£ course, far, far quicker than any ether mode of conveyance practicable in a land . journey, but it does not seem so. It seems as if it were delay impersonified to the eager traveller, especially on the Continent. In England when it stops at a multiplicity of little stations at which there is nothing to do, it at least goes on again in .most cases after it has dropped its half -passenger or taken in its empty bag of letters. . But this can sever - be. said of a German or even of a brisker Belgian train. The one in which Aubrey was mean dered about laege, tot instance, -till he bad mastered every aspect of that smoky but in teresting place. It stopped for what looked like an hour at every little roadside station, in order, apparently, that the guard might hold a long and excited conversation about nothing at all with the head man of the place. And all the while the little electric bell would go tingling, tingling upon his very brain. Thus he made his slow and weary progress through the afternoon and evening, stopping long at last at a midnight station where everything was wrapped in sleep and darkness, ior the arrival of the express in which the latter part of the journey was to be accomplished more quickly. If there had been anything wanted to complete the entire over throw of a spirit in pain it was such an experi ence. All was dismal beyond words at the place where he had to 'walt-^)ne poor light showing through the great universe of dark ness, the dark big world that encompassed it around, one or two belated porters wandering through the blackness doing mysterious pieces x-f business, or pretending todo them. A poor little waiting family— a mother and two chil dren, put out there upon a bench from Borne other train, one of the babies wailing vaguely into the dark, the other calling upon mamma, mamma, driving the poor mother; frantic — were waiting like himself. It- gave Aubrey a momentary consolation to see something that appeared at least to the external eye more forlorn than he. He remembered, too, that there had once been a baby cry tuat went to' his heart, and though all the associations con nected with that had now turned into gall and bitterness, so* that, the sound- seemed, like a spear penetrating his very being, ' and he ; walked away as far as the bounds of the station would allow, to get, if possible, out of hearing of iin-yet pity, a bBtter inspiration, at last gained the day. He went up and spoke to the woman, and found that she was an English workman's wife making her way home with her children* to a mother who was dying. They had turned her out here with her babies- to wait, ah, not for the ex press which was to ? carry on ?? the gentleman, -but for the slow— slow, creeping third-class which only started in the morning, and which would, after other long waits tat other places reach England some time, bat she could scarcely tell when. . . ! 'And 'must you pass the night here out in the cold?' said Aubrey. 'It isn't not to call a cold night, sir,' said the woman meekly, 'and they've gob plenty on to keep them warm,' ' 'Til try and get them to open the waiting room for you,' said Audrey. ' - 'Oh, no sir, thank you kindly, but' don't take the trouble; the rooms are that stuffy. It's better for them in the open air, and they'll go to sleep in a little while. Baby will be quibe warm on my lap, $nd Johnny lying agauistme.' ' 'And what is to become of yon in this arrangement?' said Aubrey, looking pitifully : 'with eyes that had known the experiences both of husband and father upon this little plump human bed, which was to' stand in the place of down pillows for the children. . 'On, ni do. very well, sir, when they go to sleep,' she .said, looking up at him with a smile. '.'?.'' ' And when does yonr. train go?' 'Net till six in the morning,' she replied, ?'but perhaps that's all the better, for 111 b% able to get them some bread and milk anda gooa wash before we starts' - Well, it) was nob much of an Indulgence for a man who was well off. He might have - thrown it away on any trifle and nobody would - have waateda thought on the subject. He gob hold of. one of the wandering ghosts of porters and got him, with a douceur, to change the poor woman's cheap ticket for her into one for the express, and commissioned him, if possible, to get her a'place in a sleeping carriage, where, I fear, she was not likely to be at all a warmly' - welcomed addition to the luxurious young men or delicate ladies in these conveyances. He saw. that there .'was. one found for her which -was almost empty when the train came up. He scarcely knew if -Bhe_ were young or old — though indeed, as a matter of fact, . the poor little mother, bewildered by her sudden elevation among the gentlefolks and hot quite sure that she would not have preferred to remain where she was, and pisk up in the' morning her natural third-class train, was both young and pretty, a fact ' that was remarked by .the one - lady in the carriage who saw the young man through the window, at her side, and recognised ' him in a flash of the .guard's lantern with deep : astonishment to. see hint banding in such a . woman and such children to the privileged ?' places. He disappeared himself into the dark, - and indeed took £is place in the corner of a smoking carriage, where, his cigar was a faint soother of pain. In his human shortsighted' ness poor Aubrey also was consoled a little, I ^ think, by the thought that this poor fellow- - passenger was comfortable, she and her child ren, and that instead of slnmbering uneasily on a bench she was able to lay the little things in. a bed. It seemed to him a good omen, a little relaxation of the. bonds, of fate, and he went ? away cheered a little and. encouraged . by.thia . simple incident, and by the warmth of the - kindness that was in his heart. . . Hfeapoketo them again on one or two occa sions on the way, sent .the .poor y-'oman some tea in the morning, bought some frint for the children ; and again 'on the steamboat crossing, when he listened to the account of how they were going on, from Dover, with a certain in terest. When they parted at the train he shook hands with the mother, hoping she would . find her relation better, and put a sovereign into Johnny's little fat hand.' The -lady who had been in the sleeping carriage kept her eye upon him all the tune. She was not by any means a malioiouBor bad woman, but. she did not believe the poor woman's story of the_geh tleman's kindness. She was, I am sorry to say, a'lady who was apt to.take the {worst view of every transaction, especially between 'men and women. People who do so are bound in many cases to be right, and so are confirmed In their odious -opinion; but in many cases they' are wrong, yet. always -hold tor-it with a faith which would do eredib to a better LnsDiration. 'Ithought young Mr. Leigh was going to marry again/' she said to a friend whom ehe met going up to town..; - ''?? '' : .. 'Oh, bo he is. To- ? the : nicest 'girl— Bp6 Kingsward, the daughter. of one of my dearesb friends— such a satisfactory thing in, every way.'- ?': ?: '.-' ?'?? ' '? ??-?. ; .-:!''? 'Wasn?t there something,'? said the ladyjof the sleeping cairiage, '-about a woman down at Ms place in the country ?' -;? ? \\. ?'?? ' On, don't think'.there was ever anything ?? against him. There was a woman who was! a great friend of his :poor wife and lived with them. Thewife was.a goose don't, you know, and could 'not be; made; to- see what a foolish thing'itwas. My opinion is that he never could abide the woman, and I am sure she made : mischief between them ;but I believe that sifly little Mrs. -Leigh — poor thing, we should not speak ill of those that are gone— ^ made hinVpro- - mise on her deathbed: that this Miss Some thing-or-other should not be sent away -from ' lie house; It was a .ridiculous arrangement and no woman that respected herself would - have done it ; but she was poor, and it's a com- ? fortable place, and perhaps as there was no friendship between them she may have thought it was no .harm.' m ?'?.: ..?'.. ? ? ? ?? V Perhaps fihe thonghtfihe would get over him in time and make him marry her.' ' : 'Ob, I can't tell what -ehe' thought 1 : He rushed off in a hurry -at a moment's notice,' -nobody knowing wh^t.he intended, after the poor .baby died, the very day of its funeraL Not much to be wondered at, poor young man, .. after all he had gone through. I . don't know how things were settled with Miss Lance,' but I believe that she has gone at last. And I am delig hted to hear of his engagement. So : will all his neighbors in the country be ? ' ' ?'I should not like a daughter of mine to marry a man like that.' ? 'Why? I- wish a daughter of mine could, 'have the chance. Everybody likes - him at ?'* home. ^Do you 'know anything of Aubrey Leigh?'- - - .???-.: ;; ? He did not know-in the least that this talk was going on as the train went rushing on to town ; his ears did not tingle. He was in the next carriage, divided only by a plank from these two ladies in their compartment. The woman who took the bad view of everything did not wish him any harm. She did not even think badly of him. She thought it was only human- nature, . and that, young' men will do that sort of thing however nice they be, and whatever yon may say of morals and eo forth. I do not think, though she hid made that little conventional speech, that ehe would at all have hesitated to gire her own daughter to Aubrey, provided that she had a daughter. His ad vantages were so -evident, and the disad vantages, after all, had so little to do with actual life. . ' - Aubrey did not present himself before Colonel Kingsward that: night. He did nob propose to follow him to Kingewarden, the old house in Kent, which was the sole remnant of territorial properly belonging to the family. He wanted to have all hiB wits about him, to be cool and self- possessed and able to remember everything when he saw the man who had given him Bee and then had withdrawn her frcm his -arms. He already knew Colonel Kingsward a little, and knew him as a man full of lonhonimic, popular everywhere— a man . of experience, who had been about the world, who knew men. By this time Aubrey had re covered liis spirits a little. He thought it im possible that such a man, when a younger than himself laid bare hiB heart to him, could fail to understand. It was true that the colonel was probably a martinet in morals as he was in - his profession, and Aubrey had that behind him which he could not deny. He would not attempt to gloss it over, to make excuses for it. He would lay his life in this man's hand as if he had been his confessor. And surely, surely the acknowledged' sin would find absolution, the extenuating ' circumstances would be considered, the lie with which that accusation was accompanied would recoil upon the accuser. The' young man buoyed himself np with these thoughts through the long evening. He did not go . out. to his clnb or anywhere where he was - known. In September there is not so many inducements to stray about London. Heeat in nis room and thought jrfLBee, and wrote little letters to her, whioh were a relief to his mind, though he knew he could not send them. By this time he reflected they must 'have started. They were beginning their journey as he ended his. He hoped that Charlie, that lout, would have the sense to take care of his mother, to see that she suffered as little as possible, to prevent her from havingany trouble— which I fear was not the view at all that Charlie took of his duty to hiB mother. : Aubrey, like all outsiders, had a clearer view of Mrs. Kings ward's condition than her family had arrived at. He was very sorry for her, poor, delicate, tender woman — and grieved to the bottom of his heart that this trouble should have come upon her through him.' Bee was different; there would be so many ways, please God, if all Went well — and lie could not bring himself to think that all would not go well— in which he could make it up to his Bee. Finally he permitted himself to write a little letter to meet bis darling on her return, and enclosed i« Sin another to Mrs. Kingsward, directed to Kingswarden. They would receive it when they entered their iouse — and by that time, surely by that time, his letters would not be any longer a forbidden thing. That morning it rained, and the London skies hung very low. The world had the effect of a room with a low roof, stifling and without air. He set out to walk to Colonel Kings ward's office. I forget whether the the intelli gence department of the War Office was in existence at that time, or if itlias always been in existence only not eo much heard of as in our vociferous days.' If it did' exist then it was, of course, in Pall Mail as we all know. Aubrey set out to walk, bub soon recollected that muddy boots detracted from a man's ap . paarance, especially in the «yes of a spick and span parson like Colonel Kingsward, who .never had a speck upon any garment, and ac cordingly he got into a hansom. : It did' nob go any faster than the beating of his heart, and yet he could have wished that It should creep along like the heavier cabs. He would have put off this interview now had he been able.' To think that you are within an hour at most of the moment when your life shall be settled for you absolutely by another person's -will, and that your happiness or unhappiness nest upon the -manner in which he Will look at . the question, the perception Tie will have of your difficulties, the insight into your hearb — is a terrible thing ; especially if you know little .of the -person who has thus become endowed as it werewith the power of life and death over you, do not know if his understanding is a large or limited one, if he has any human nature in Mm, or only mere conventionality and the shell of human nature. It is seldom perhaps that one man is thus consciously in the power of another— and yet it must come to that more or less every day. m Colonel Kingsward was in his room seated at his writing table with piles of books and maps, and masses of newspapers all round him. He was an excellent linguist, and there were French papers and German papers, Russian, Scandinavian — all kinds of strange languages and strange little' broadsheets, badly printed, black with excessive ink, or pale with imperfect impression, on the floor and the table. He had a large paper knife at his hand in ivory, with the natural brown upon it, looking like a weapon which could cut a man,' not io say a book, in pieces. . He looked up with an aspect which Aubrey, whose heart was hi his mouth, could not read— whether it was mere polite ness or something more, and bade, Mr. Leigh be seated, putting asidedeliberately as he did so the papers with which he wks engaged. And than he turned round with the air of' a man who says— Now youbave my entire attention ; ?and looked Aubrey in the face. The young man was facing the light Which came in fro en a large high window reaching nearly to the ? roof. The elder man had his back half turned from it, so that his regard was less easy to read. It was not quite fair. Aubrey had everything against him; his agitation, his anxiety, an expressive tell-tale face, and the lieht searching every change that took place in it; whilst his opponent was' calm as his own paper-knife, impassive, with a countenance formed to conceal his emotion?, and the light behind him. It was nob an equal matab in any way.' ' : ' .- ' I have come direct from Cologne^' Aubrey '? said. ? '-_-: ?'-.;.? ' Ah, yes. I believe iny wife says so in her letter.' '.'.-;. ' You have news from them to-day I I hope that Mrs. Kingsward is better;' 'My wife never at an^ time speaks much of her health. She was a little fatigued and re mained another day to. rest.' ''She ia very delicate, sir,' said Aubrey. He did not know why, unless it was reluctance to begin what he had to say. 'Iamperfectlyae(iuaihtedwithMrs.,Kings-. ward's condition;' said the colonel in a tone -which was not-' encouraging. He added, 'I ? don't Buppose you took the trouble to come \ here, Mr. Leigh, in Order to speak to me about ' my wife's health.' ^ _ 'No. It is true.'' I ought not to waste the ' time you have accorded me. -' I.do not need to tell you, Colonel Kingsward, fwhat I have come about.' . ? . . '' I think you do,' ? aid the colonel calmly. 'My letter to my wife, which I believe she communicated to you, conveyed all I had to say on the milter. It was not written wibh outreflectionhor without evejy. possible effort to arrive at the trutte ' .!-3onsequently I have no \- desire to redpen'-the subjeefe, ; It is in my mind concluded and pul'&side.7;' : ? . 'But you will hear me?' said Aubrey. 'You have heard one statement, surely you will hear'the other. No nmS is -Condemned un heard: I have come here'to throw myself upon ? your meroy— to tell -you my.rstory. However prejudiced you may tie against me ? ' \- **Amoment,Mri Leigh. I have no preju dice against yon. --T I am not the- judge of your . conduct. I claim the right' to decide for my daughter — that is all. I have no prejudice or feeling against you.' -' 'Colonel Kingsward,'- cried Aubrey, 'tot God's sake listen? Hear what I have to say.' The colonel looked at liim 'again. Perhaps it was the passion' of earnestness in the young man's face that touched him. Perhaps he felt that jt was unwise to leave it to be said that he \- had not ? heard- both sides. '. The end was that . he waved his hand and- said — \-- -'My time is ^not' my own. I have no right \- to spend it on ; merely privaie interests ; .but if you will, make your story as short as possible I will hear what you nave' to say.' ;\ . . ???.r/iPobe continued;:) ' 