A AlPTISn M OF FIRE. BY' J.IANITiI: VAN AIsTINE. k TtlNYON HJI.KE sat, in his i lucxionl I office, ci ewingI the endi of his eigarl and me lllly hni?atheaitiiligthle state of tlhe Money Madllne, and tl?n iillrealonablte tiilt very iiconvenient caution thla hadI lately eharaeterisedl even the imot reckless off F1 lpculitors. Asa profes.-ional blower of bubbles, lie lhad no ijtience with this timidity and cut ion n otlirs ; anl it was an iinlookedi- fo' exliilition of thest ulnll?irn'ale liualitish in a big fi-h, u o11011 w holi hie lhad of late e;pendeld mluch elo(quence adilll moree elalln lpague at several exlelnsive llnche oll, l nil hwilo lie nid believed to Ibe fairly hookld, .lt, hodlid islibotil ls uI .lly ptij l acidl,:-' r. lIt wl i oll vo f iithe rleso f lhii< ulfijini . -il life to dwl inll little a: li plible uponill any. thili s lvi reeable, uid In cn inpen te hfi ini. Aelf for 'lily l iun ii! va''iit es Iy the fllnt pleaiuIre thlt came iO handl. kotf lilgr 11' this habit, hIeI opened the hauilolnely-littelI th . dlll i i tie ot f Iiroil io i lil_'ialln l i l lll , t i ti nei i <aSuc whivil i aNto-Anys o i orll tint it feature li of Iie pro otieis 1 en liie tui; nd, hliving u tlhdll himsellf to-etlhUer I.tIi an oexmil psie htil irl of whis , lit his l iratri niao ii eluienlsie Il, irand-ansil ,iitiered Iut. 1ly the tinie lie liail ire li ld Lih, - ili-dl Streel lie had oiimpletely Intlinhed Ili s dis vifo f .i l aI lltli tn hl , tl l l. its elie in lit i it. olenvo i. onl. t'o tdll fiOe l?ilth, mensalo ialllev'o f&lce; anld voice, alld ol l dt llilCtire I chanii,,'hlid hiiited Blake lpretly I iesisitenlly ior ei tpple of mni iiths aniid it ineeded no ireit ef,'or o il hs iat to iiUiijiiie ill her nmoie. iindeed, oil lillire tiha li in1 oI iricin htel, ill te Ivy hlietid n rliest of aI lively Lonrl onicti(.i wheunli li he ledel ll lis Eolin cnillf at ion l anl uilroiteir - for IKolnyo laI;es B C d.nOe Tlieretlots weie inver tiinli 'lilt f'reu l?tnll oly stori lliy-I tlod btecl ,tariled y ?ione deligihtifl yet troulhloue ?iineory of t hllti gaeiroou pierilice tihaii i; -et hi, imls- es dlincinl. nTo think of hecr, to wcilh to lie with her, toi to grotifý that wisvh wasnii tIe ilntuiral Ceqcucto to man of Blake's ti epostilttii, nd Ii it aiotht l i t lnll o li nut e 11 W it.is le i mtill ha il ]ev.i wn ii \r' , uolilllt by the glreC t north 'iviilno whi un lie caili ii, looknllg Olo lt 1e i he trim oinarden ll lliere tlho lil in Shie r,'iitfly ion the rows of huflltdilýl. \ith the v 'wiilt l ii of Iloweri? they haled I lickeol ap Ile;arltl, of grialc unidelr is Cgeoll snile, llli ll1irni i thei' backs i iiou lie eilst wind, ilad rei'olved to bloomn their tweetroest. " And what i ave youe belen dlingl lately? ni May I ce?" arlsed Kenltyoil, ilftr srie ha ll poured hili out ai cur of lea whiich ie 11 <dlowel d wicth i di O ituddlr, butl acuept el g Ie?lcallr e lieie iked to atch thle pllay of Iher white, deliberath e Ihands. it "Notthiog ili atbsolitely iotllhig. I have ' been horribly idle ; ta very bliglht of linzihlcn I Seemil to have lettlediol nmie. tllit lot, ials t111 of ,omethhiig elsoE ; 1 aM Io?it in I work- Si ig iolod, its told yo. y 1'librushes and I ire ' ollt,' its iWill Carleton would l l n y." i Poor tlEcio I Ti*eo restllessneo s anild diill. ti r.liatioll for steolay worko , that lsie called f lixiliesc, was te lilrt oiect of tie istdurilnlg ii 'el'tmit, tiha was creeping into her life, anil to which ise had nol becoie iio alc tolned. LI aIrt lha for so lo lng benii to iher the eld iianl ,itl of life, fltht ,s? coullll inot al ye, col1 ti ;clihelin thlatl aiy o their feeling nlight clailiim diitl cerve tlo ilitelnSify this iiaturiil chiii'rn i a te -istic. ilolltherlles at 15, eliohad been left, to the aiaro of liet' great-uncle, ia situlel-mlinded, I.1 ::argeli-earle olid inal of thel Colonel tNow 'Ollie ItYpEI who lived in ii t iny lionie uimbowe ed iln big gardein in St. Jlahl'W c \oodl. le idolised tl elssi, lil his pride in i iher talentl, ow len boilndse . I lo ok lier to Ille01 for torn yealnr, inld from thei eo to hPari, wheroe Elil workled for live yo.rs ill JlulilAnt' atelier, and attracted the iioltice if Il omoa of tlih best in1n in the liproficioli by i tie entarlielltin of her wrork. It lwas uii ont their rletllor1 to l01iidoii that Unicle Colin haur buill her the big b1righlt miudio thaInt as theo real Ilheairt.holn of tloe enithluiantic l oun11g lirtist. 'l'h gentlle oltl n11111 lived ton 0 alce its daurlintg wvin her place fiimon the l ino ; ,imd th,,i fadird griaduailly uland Iihlessly out 01 f llife. BIlasio had ino one0 left il t utNineltto \--Niintte, thie IharIp toi ng i?d, cyllicl I. lJaughter of Paris, m-Iwhose caplabl hainds ihad o field the reinsl of theirl little il6ligo therie, i and whao had beggedl to be allowedl to o accotnloiiyl tlhe to Englad, ralher tlhani l ba liarted froln elcsice, who hiad till itnont b viouvly wosund herself tightly iounid her holird heart. \When Uncle Colin died, his plmsion diied witlh him; burt Be sic's worl brouihtl inl ilificieint, to satisfy th'lir simpllo wanlit, for Nio?lti(e wca a. wNoluderful llmailnigner. And s i yeao hoyalr sped softly 11o, nlil i Bulssie lived like a linl, seCoig only ia fewCi l fellnotw-cr3aftsnme, ldnld lnithetier tiioving nori y inlrinil?g iuight of the onultide wsorld. ]ler wolk ablsorbed iher coenpletely, and fully t1 satisfied ll thei riluiremenlets of her nItture, ro tlhat she remained inlovant illd niilsus- s picious of its dleeperlI nCed. " She iould be clhurming if clie were nI womailn(," cleve'r Flrelnchmn had i aid of lher to luliain : " tbub, unfortilinately, ilei is only ant l rlist." When tessie had firCst mieet Kenyon Bltake, f hoa had shriunk froin lii with ia curioii r instinctive feeling liant was harldly ptrollt (1 elnougli to bie dllike, but wsi perll 'liips the i uliconlsciolls recoil of i spoltless oitll from ther inlirch tl d I stine of the nll. And it toolb all ierlv oi lake's I stroni persl onil lall magnet i ism, all hisi ower of fasciationll andl usLa t i ,e w'orld ltidol, toeonquer tlol ha filt shalf. utncolinclo nlitatloliit, and ind to winll i'eroli I fidence it? ell as her liking. i G.?dullby, ihowevoer, Eio irFow to looik forward olis vsfits, and ere very long It of thn lstudio, hltose lhe tried to lr workl, -'atl driank il his l woiile, alln o IionlltCioui ofe whitliher she waih dtiffting. Blako umutfohled hlls ocolemes aud o iatln to hm', nidl told hier lilmollIg storles of his iadvenlitlree n110d l1crl, for ' e iwas ai good talker land had travellerd im Uoh, I\tli lslel life illniler inlly aopoctls. Anld in all lie i li ,reeolnuted tltnri weas a lovl't]y.mllanniem St eloariiention of hiimnself, that e oimelhow left ;'eesi o with Lhe iTIprOession flinat nOleOt l' else had tol Ier wluab a rtllnceely fellow i,'s ii tlil generoue, brave, oiellnellarled Illani i wholn Iienl tLenltoled iidl Womliei hloed. ni Soeltilena ifo voice would be lowt, aiid lis yo3n grow ead, as he roui?ed oheil' ylpllaly with thev woll-tolh tale of n uiicoii?e?il " llat ofl high aseli'ratIonl thwarted, greatb i olpliorltllitieo , lost, blilllant sillucessles i diverted, lle owvli hlioies, tiltcenst, int a tases sacrllictled, anlid himselolf diesctarlaned h and loaie tcleess by hie taoctleos folly of thie wollani he lhad mnarriced. All thllls onae dcllualely collveydl of couL.'re; milore by op Ilcatioll, ao flis t, than by aiiolut deircllel, llaid with ilanly a klfiully.drawirn conntr'at that wan allbtly IItateilng to l]essle, wite llstenod ntid ptledil -antld Ionved Alil yes. Love for cel tls y at Ilsl lnto thile tclosed chalnbuhrs of her heart', thrilling all its tlbies nto tendereb haIlnolloy underlc his torllnellntlig tounhl, and ill!lfng Ier eyes withl the divine llinreit whlich Is th? ilret ol the many, lllialb .s thia we wnmen myi7 for ill wnlmleltoil. Bthb tio sneealnecso s wa llhiort.h*,l, ann1 l ehe retlleed the heopelOcne ,f tle futlutil o Loyally slhle wret'lei w h lithe devil of roblt Iloll as of old Jacob wreealed wlth ith ines . 0 eliger of God; ul atnd after a tlnie victoly hi ,OeeIiid to eOtii. tirllte, shlo cotld InL Ot nsl llt i her love, buti Ihoe cotul ourb I, anld l tl turn it inlto thie chaniliol of frillidohilp that i shoulld be the jtoy of her lIfe, a011" ua da waofid pnrplqinne l a nomfmorl to him also, t tier heart ahthed for his ]onelite.?, and for the hideous mocklery of his ilarlriagi to a wonan he sdid not love; an silheo longed with all her gtenerous, unislli.-h Soul to rs bringsome bright ness into his blightted life. ir it torturel her t.o see lthat longil, hunigryl look in his eyes, asnd the at toie's of hlis se voice awakened in her ill that protectl.ilng, it semi-miiternal tetnderil'eso that sluelnb'rs at y; the heart of every true woman. i Alias, that. so few women realise, until it is tlo haile, lhowe terrible is the power of a man Iwho has studied our sex, alnd who dsoes nolt t scrinple to turn his knowledge to sosnuli ! "iroill te first, the oddst are gi' Iiast uis; l' SW llle lre so conily l ? 'ra ed by Ipersn alOl infh eces. Remtorselt.ly he gathers the sthonisd littleo tiiuly lilatients of ouriiweak. e scoese and foibles into his hand, and twiste them into it cable tihat hindt us. In vain swei It'lruggle; tv'a ca llolt lIbreak it; and Ihoso who muster sullliie(t courage ti cut, it aus ler, lind that. lIey iave ?ig ithl knife into their' i tiw healts, il Into chaed their f1 rldoti by wolitis that pllhaps lls'y neverl' " heal. IT, is only it very v-IroIog lmait who can reist olsing this pow'er when ci has l lsee eI Il' iceild the fas?s iatitun s llof itols exerciset the crtviigs of his own paiion hid him il tie forvicstoyat ,iy priic' AI't maost i +ssurledly K 'tyonu e ''lo 'k h silt never I een Sstrong W'ith s l noble i,.rest ih. Evt'in ast a yoglill S milall, "he the chitahrie instincts Sll relilsl" ?t, h could ralely slt t iluln rel? - i'ls at fotile tehad a incurtable la,'binesl - ofmoral lihi that was the uolt lral s utics of I 'a life of gro est sellishn s. s tie siiatIched poor llessie's loyal sthu?cg Io ' With a asilf .t"lti ealy ulf olmssioitalo' ianuse nlt. s sl lit tle dartling, Ihle miserable anl h, n wicked lshe felt! I ll,' time and he bete ern them would eure tlt.; A1n1, then-anh, thl hn e would teach her to to live! And the mere thought, of his Icotminti ittoill 'i n sh slt, thle iblood siurg.i bo lss itroslgh i ais veins. Jlessio had sitiwn 'iry deaslt'itr to him, and c e loved herIs with thel Irest love of which his -clish, shalliw naturie was capable. Thati it was l ploor, weak, leshy plrody of ,he ] gr?'et mall ter-tlcin le as ll ssie's a misfolrtnl rather thani Ienuyo 's fiult, ; forill, ll lis it, was, it. was the belt he hadl to g oive. Inevitably, t ihe climasx emnel; audoe Jtly' evenings , in the quiet garden, the ghostly white lilies tiemble i on Ihteir tall sstemis as they listened unwillingly to ia stoy that should never have been toldt ; and the idim imoiltight shoai pityingly down nton a woIuan who was plpitatin;g with joy, fear, I riulph huiliatis, iand adoiiten ofi her ico lex emotions that Lug i ht the ieart?srini?g ti iit defy al'iiitlyIis. At d7, it womanii ho'wever shelteredl said unessiienful her gisllhol d may have biee n, knioivs when Iche should cease to list.en Idu altd lBetsts klliewui. 1hutl tohe hall sof the eonii leitofi ]ais heavy ilon her; tlied l sloll, which had never yet stie, d to ally palssio butl the love of her' alrt, was i Istrggling to life litn the cill of the ila il whose srdenit words woere dt'oppiuh' like gitutss of fire into hler heart. T'o allt t'rongu-hearledi woien the birth oft inssiol is a loltwildeoment; a Itorture of sweetnes slst.leaves tlee wvill ill llimpand helpless, aind blols everythhing firon otI tihe iworld, but the P'rospero who ls evoked ithe stormi. "'No, we shall not parst," hie broloke in iupon helr' ii'ursretd prtotest. "It is useless to tell mio not to come. As wlll might sunt forbid Vyour flowers hero to btus towards the light. Natlur ios lat onger Lbnui yos are, Bessie ; ltroni'ger? ll ti 1 amIll, DJo yol think I haves o tllt s ruggled and fought lilly way through thie saiie ver'ples iand doubtL that haoe assailed you ? Aiid wit the siumliO i'esult. You have tried to esat out this ih'eiin fron lou' heart; but, dtei', yon01 cainnot. Night andi day Ithe sieet, insistent f ile Ires it s iig to you, hias plrllseil youi with whisperslt of a joy too great to be I enouncedIet-not Il loeal t to Ibe renonied, . o No,c you shall not. tspeal-" Is ste tried to' stop tihe words, that tortuiired jer'-"I 'lknoe what y3oll wouli sy, ansl I will not listen. All those illogical, timid coisiderattions would find no ptleio ii 'orili earib if it Iwere oi fire like min e.i Sillisct t hie world to yoii c' to me, with its uiletl , socit llaws, ,md intitleStsl blrttiers? I IPollow the voice of love in youi' heiart, and leave ih irest to mile. Do not spieal? look s1ip int lisly face, itnd let iloe rIead those trlse s eyes I Colule, Bestil;e coime to iie, sweet. , Collie to uset for life-for eve' 1" h lls voice was hisky with passion, ml the ' arms Ie held out to her' tremobled with one 1 of the truesit emlol,ons he had ever' nown. "1 cannot, I einnlt,' she faltered, with a so in her' volee. " Yet yoii los' fie l I feel 3'ol doI; while r I-lmy God I child, I W'orsiipi you I Yosi drive ile imad with your tuiet,, cool ways iand leder ay'es I 'ell sme, dear," mie awentl on more quietly, , had I been flree would youil have anisiered ciitecitently ? .Would you haveo beien msy wifse?' "Alhl I Kenyoni." i Say, aioul you ?i Yes," very softly, y siweet li" Aind i it orscoild ishe was in his isriss, iand lhe was hissiing her' reedily oh lips andt obeek-histses Ihati boisned deep into iher souli aniid sent thO blod of it lnow life shivering sill tingling throiugh hler hFor a moment s lse lo der of tthis now blies that vergeld o Plosely upllon lpain blolttled everiythin front hier c?osiossliess, nsild sh forg the lot th stIgIo Ihat was still c unfinishled, with all its doutbts and fearsf said the dliii, prophlletle instioll: of sorr'ow I in Ihe fulturi, " No, swseethearst', let lne hIold yos so," as she drewIo' baclk breathless and tremibling i fromil Ihis pIsassionIlta embrtiece, " while iwe 1 reasonl i little togetheri. If youl would have t iuarrieihl ilie, w?iy shoulild oel hesit:ate to collie to mile Inow, Iwhy clrsiii yorlll lifo and , mine with thls chiieris of the siworll ('sill youl lint love 11tc more tlhiisi theo worhll ? \lh'h if is its velrdict to you o to lsoe I Iklow1 youss so well, imiy whlite dtruling, soy'u 'ore. d b1 Bessie i Jo it Tiot enlouglh for yo3u lint 1 uniiderstanld d i ripieren'cice you ? (?Cl you I not tirust set Is ipst yOut Iove strong ? ioull gh I for thins?" "I "It Is not that clold Ie trusit yot, T' ell. yoel I do nob enve-'hl\ at, otlea'i,;':.'5ld e thiil,' she ans Uels dl, brokenly; "but we 'i Ioth ooo somethilg to anothller law. We hI\a's nb rlghtt to brisg sorr'ow on yourt I wtfe." " Ifishll, chlild l Yo are sl?peaktinlg of what you do iiot ullstlnodtillitl I lor' yol's y i II wife alld I Iave bheeu the mlieresotcc aquithit. suises--lusrdly friends evena , sanid the littlo thnuowe a elllld togotheir is ltlmost al;'says a tliiagreenbi sleillt. lHow lhoulld yoe lliullCti i Stllllnd i coll, COaRse, cIjealo us lattlro liltoe tiri -yol3 , whDt ito aso tellstralid so0 (la ?. \ll i 'et s?lelis ta goold woman hi her Iltmipassiv way suit a'\ s as'e lelt oil 1n1d wair'. I'You are liy trtue mate, thle wife of my soul, tis olna wominls whoue every thloughlit uid illlulllsoa tis i'eassoiivse to iny ow0.. Alt I. colul tldo groelt Ilnlgs wtIt you always bcsitle sue to obe iy llepi'at'olln-lily Jgerti Ia Seel I"- taklig her pasl've haud l ist IlI-"i t1he Ii hlollow of tlls lealor hIlnd lies my life I Yout ctlln makle itb Itluolli r' helll for mIoe, les?csiol I Mly love, my love"-hs -llvotle broke--" utseu 1 your lIoweet'r llerlIlfully I is not be shardl I Il1on ?1 botlh fotr you kneuow yolu callsot L coildelsn mos to misery ,,ithout sultrti'gI g youaself I" It was piteouts to se lier vaocillntlo liuld unccrlnhlty--hers who alnd l lswnva beel sol stlololg liltl so lirolmlt. lBut i veieuinu halll II osiuldelly bt'oken fortll atnld thio cool 'co i pIastinres of helr Ile, |lii'ryitg all hlir Lntd* Il ilntrki Illutder Its lova loo, tn1! dHr'vlnlg h itr to a fanto that she swas lpowcelcos to resisb. A strlangoe selso of etlm, anlld peace, anll lhlappIelIs l suleoloded to the stortmy ldoubt. a anitl folal's of thi last few weeksu,. Ever'ytllhiUg rl aplearl'od Lolles?llounder a nlow asliect, andt Ii sia?!tsg bllthely as sIt Pllsltteld. oor lsal0 ldt etutc'eslt helr Lnlld of lloelilah, thl oCalnnal b of olsr foolish, loove.crsv'ig hearts. Alh Inoe tlhat its boundarles ilr' 5n lssarrow, riisl thmu u its eltl yawnvsn so lltilossly walde lpout the darsk ws'oto of dllsclcltmatllmenlut I At firlst she had blmied hlrself bitterly for having tl r striven against Keuyon so long. Since she a loved him, lwhy had she tried to crelc I barrirsraienstl him, and to shut hint out into the Iveless cold of the world whencee .he ihd come to seek her? 'Tlhose barriers, too, lhid been built of ellilsh I ne., of ctclllitecptiblo fears for heerelf, of an i euwmucnly lack of geleroaity in her. Butl all thatlnt ws past now ; ho had tasted the joy of self-abneg.tilon, ofself-efflheenenlhatice i lthe heart of love: and she keow that the Swork shtie had to do in this world was lih i delighltful I sk of takingher Kenyon hapy. That was e tile true irantility of love, and all lhe restl Wil emptCy Inonsense invelltell by a Solish leorlil tiht did not ie kniow how to be Ithnlkful for its own blessings. Slw looked Icek, with wondering pity foe IherCelf, upon the quiet days beforen sli ha i known Kelnyon ; and with ithe griand riunlllmphant,' tones of her life-music Ipehlng in her c ars, those fa'-oil dh's seeeed like iicci b inote,s ill the solng. It es notC untIil l ]ni afileri'eerlds tlhait ,liie lealisedl that they were rets; re.sts whicht, though they are Io0t misic, "'h io the making of intulsi ii themi." " Io you really love ci e, Bessie?-love me well renloglh Io tie quit e hlaIicpy, just beuise I love You ad wie belong to e:ch other I" cenyon c aid in her one day. Sitl;, nestled yetl more closely to li?m, and sihicliy l]id her line isoft lingcers on hlis elcrlk " for slle itas shy of words at, times i ith the only tut she had ever loved, this wvmcanc Of c.i'1e dt- aicl.w ly. tAppiarenitly Ithe lirtly action intislictl him--lor a time iat, least. "'And lt no gicd, der," he wentl on, a little csciiy "a i ueler, eccentrjc sort of fcllow 'ctever doluig i iinythling I dislike, andt ceel. cienying utyelf i t ihig I ivtnt-n hci'th brtte. 1ut I hover yet went, hack oi ;t irietnd or g'ave Ip a sclhemel had l iromised Ito carry t lltroil gh. The world would tell you, nod tell you truly, lithat I en not lit to ils, for l lll 'oodl won)I 's lo?"--it was one of I eIyou IbltIke's cios dangerous andI: Allurinii trics to afft'et at times whot most imell coulid loult nipc0 ccitiie a i'eless c ciosrmili flicankness; Ihe, tie imost, fluent ud Col vin~cig Ica who ever wore the livery of Ac.:tnns !-- " but I worshipi you, liessio Aid thoughl I ihave loved scores of otb I cwomenll, nllcl hiave beenl loved by theIl , no elr onle hayi llhad lie power to mIuov e iee nsyou v'e yous'\ret,, sweet. ?irl !" dio, uThe months ped by alhnost unnoticed by liessie, who, onice the great, plunge had been Iemade, Ihad forgotlten all her st ruggles nccdI been madly, anluot deflllat, haIply. Tht she had detllriorated goes writhllut saying ? for, willt the ead humilitiyof ty loving wntomta, ihce had tried to descend to Klenyoil's level, lhiving' found it inplloible to raisoe him to hers. And things hlanl ccnu IrospIe'ed wil Ii Keyot. A filancial blighti. iha fallen oni the (,ity, llnd he couldtl lintl nio sope for his pIoeruciieive intents and nIo ueiaitlet for his speculativo schemes. Notwith stanling his aristocratic a ipetensions, lhe lwas iot sullieiently " ntle. inill to wear' I shllalbbyi colat with case ; landt hlvcinc cexpensive hab its, it was not long lbefore he exhausted not, only his ownv I resouces but also those of his frieCds who i cwere cocliiliicng enoughI to trust him. B]esie tieingin i Iho secret of ill his ventures soon a lknew of his emlbarrsbesments, and tried to trem tahe tide with linher little store. Kenyon demurred at fir.t, biut, eoon nllowed himself to be silenced with her loving olphistries. i And so, by forties ad llfifties, the sleucler batik account grew less. And Ninettot bmgedl her I)pans about Iore viciolusly tihan vere, aid crove te l dustelitc , whot m sthe held in especiel aibhorrence, to the vergo of suicide. And as the sprllilng ripened into alettler' the first cloud tglthelred on Bessie's hIorizon,. Mrs. Blake, who lnd been oil tlhe Continent for ci year, siifi ified her icnteltion of uspend- t ins the sensoil in Locndon, atnd desired i lenyoiu to look out, somle suitable house for her. The re'quest with its conlseqont r expenditeure, slagroretd him, hul ias hil wife cals alrways the last hlerson to whom hie wished his dillicultiles to be knowni, he trusted, witllh the lrnlo gaulbler's scpirit, to sonle lucky conp io sete himii straight, cand pIrepolretl to receive oer. l]Regio looked Oil, and for tihefirst time grewt' jealouse. li0 hadI been so wholly hers, that, ho lend lt.Ltimes almost forgotten that other claim-anltl 1eir I In vain Kenyon assured hei' of his undividcled allegiance, aud grlumbled lustily at the aicloyance hils wile's calcr'ice ceause i him; iun spite of his increased toniCIiness and catesses, the stiag remtaned. ltRuily luitiied by her distresse, i devised ai whinti sical cure, and contrived a Ilan wherhby Bessie shoutld see his wife and judce for I herself howr little she was to be feared i' ae rival, And the onre wccs complletely succen,. ful. leslie hlnd been preparetd to Ihnto lithe wleaut whomt she had ewronged, and whoso very existence lhd reckled all the sacred Ihepes of wifehoodn and motherhood lhat nestile at the heart of every wOlllltl who it worth y of thIe tiono11 huttt lthie nieght of her ill resentment andl jealousy fadled for ever fron her heart. 1'is. Bllaoe was ia iwearycloolincg womnn whoso eighlnundthliirty ye'r.s Eat helaily oil herl, aul, without Ieigll stOllt, shle gOe It i ic:ipresslion of weight ndl thickness by reason of her unelactie t red nled lli chlllcisy contour of nukles and wrists, As It girl she mInlt liave been rcther pe'lIty , and unconll t sciously ono expected io eo her in the t costume of Lhe early sevcocties-e? costltno I one felt thait had been becoming to her. ' lBult by sonet1 strlagle freak of fornm or feature, to skill of lmodernt dresmuker oouldI e bring Ier tup to dale, or hide tIhal fatal inborn dowdiness before which even elix s anud Worth wtouled have confessed thlem. selves powerless, To BEcssie, Wilth Iler quite, a distinctive chic, there was something pathe- l tie in this; nnd as she n oticed how lthe eapplolneatlrcl m twist of bright {;oili elleplha. sised the ftledness of lheo once pretly hair, r sho was tilled with a half colntemptuous d city'. This sad, colourless womnln, who W I ookled as though all the glad generous blood had turned to wnter in her veins, l and who bore a whole trangedy of brolken lhopes and wistful straleinlc after 'lho it lovn ehe Iantd' lost-if, itdleedl, ale I luod ver had it-in her dih, white. o ahed n.,,e,.,could niever _anil, aw'okeni e his caslro', 6 is tvy, b oltl elyetoer hil could his elo lono ne.g nd full pulli iliy, Aiis ickessIio turled aictity of lellis eenld bodver efor t it a re llh o w as' forit leel o f iseigea treinL- the llie of Iihs odull, lyu eIltie woidi e bub leogeeho l tIer a we l a lisoc of up An lenlss ie ler eoy thti shedl ineilot lune n slurt befrnly to Iri to tc ad Ie t tile aenlc I cli r of Fotlumo iw f ve-ieocr of oelo of ls ocihells I tnit whs htrmbliins e lo the blna ice. lo wii s o lleoiteono lniles; joy that lih tdie itoubliee , oudancity thint wns one of thle fahtlors of his nccess with women, t e leosuot tlire e a I vertitble hInlehdil of finleuece; nuti 1it was frol theo Hotel Contieluntal thillt licesile v rcehteel the daily lovig letlters, hiull of hlopes lend ueroniilse, litd hllleseiOllate t ' 1Oit' thllt so namnlly satisled hlert ulnexacting ILeollres?s. c 1WIlh the ftilnl capacity for de'ohtion andi elf.esacrlice tlhat distligutihed hler, she frotted over her lover'n iolnpculiloity, anl hitally gtll'herhlg toigethr thie ie1neUliatn of her snleablo sketches anld jewrellery, onit hIlml live resp, cleccan £I noteet ned Ihen, with tI e light lhe'rtwcilkeld blithely throeughi the mud llnd raie to ive lhe tie hrleelpeatlce tlilb tie emnlibiltes woult hvo eosal her. .ly.o Vlhent lIe relturned lie hlad tihegraco to feel alshaend wheI le inenseid at hooll of Ihe aI dilmlllolidi tlihtb lee hnel aolery se ecll aOtl hcalo'o lhilger'. HItlerlo ie hnol, wiLh dlolleato I et, , cehetell Lhtings which lcle whore Lut soeldom I bltl tlhese hicd rlll gole, " \I'ill you loeto menthie less thai lny hlenid el iro barone" sie ?u e lted, h\temghiie I n yoU silly boy,l to fuss abotitel h n t rile I" And then lIe tolked i his l large wcy of thie magnllfiloint thingle he was golng to ldo in I the near future, until Bessie began to bhlanr ieraelf for not hnvingsolticientlyappreciated the privilege of denying herself the nemee saries of life, and to feel thlt her poor liltle, hundreds must seem very paltry to this princely hern of hers I But worse was. to cote ; and a few nmoatlhs afterwards Bessie stood for thle last time by, the great north window of her studio, and looked sadly out at the dripping gardeiis . Some of tKenyon Blake's kites werer lying home to roost, andl the furnished house that lie had taken had to be paid for; writs had Sbeens isled ; and altogeOtler matters looked ugly for him. liessio's course had beens prompt, andt the pretty cottage had been transferred to all oarli·t who had long coveted if. Everyt.hing was packed ; everylhing ready for her deportlure ; and poor 'inet tol was shivering atlientily out in the gusty hall, !ld wisthing tshat Mlladaao wou reImemboer t at. the nllrktet.ing had yet to be done before •.?my colld tlhink of settlitui down to rest inl tihe dingy Thayerl'-street, lodgings whither Ilhey' were bountl. Anld alrendy it woas nearly foiur, and the gloomy I)eceiniber afternoon wra'i drawing to a close. Yet B3esio lin.teroed. She was filledl with a lierce exultation of aecriliee, and the keeln, sweet Ileasure of blini eof Ile. to the an sithe loved, Was it oat, to Ido him ovcr a ilieistrous moment., iaid to keelao roof over hi wife's hend, tlhat she had conertled everything available into reatly cacsh Ah, and the delight of doing itt And it was with a smiling face and happy heart that Iessie Langley passed out of ler hoaute. lust before sllo reached the gate. a feiw unnoticel 'twigs of " co1itiiot hon?esty," which had survived this late in a sheltered corner, attracted her attention. and wilth all impulse of leasure, slleetooapedl to gather lthese white ghosts of the vanished suitnmer. iBut, its her halldl touched them, the Ihin, silvery disks fluttered down1 among i their dlead 'cmlllpaniotns, leavinlg the Ilket l stalks to shiver in the chill, dimp air I Nearly eighteen . ..otlahs later, all Loidon crowtdedl to see a picture that hung in ole of t he gallories of Burligton 1lHouse, tid haid been itrchased by the trustees of the Chantrey Bequtest. It was a large cauvas, aed bole in one oearner the initials " E. L." A woIntit clotlhed in ad-coloured gialrmelltl s stood elect in the centtre of I woodllatd Ittl il:.d gazed straiight out att the spiectato'. 'The dead leaves rustled at her feet, and the bare trees wtere coldly outlined against the ietay grey slyf of early winter. Tthe very i i'it of desolioon wats pictured there, itai Itoe key to the story lay ini the ontly gleuln of colour ito the cavas-a scarlet letter that gluo?ed and butrlned upon the womttau's breast -the A of the 'uritan aidiltres?, Buti it was not Hester t'rynno the sinner, shileout, scahrful, impnoittent, as he' judges saw her ; but. Ilester, the desplirti.g wsman, alone among the ruins of her lo've, etulriId aid dazed by the cowardly defection of the manll who had been her godI, helr coIoeeeCe,I he' idel of all hat t was nauly and trust worthlv itd true. The pillars of her world hItd gi\en way, tdl everything was tottesring undor her; for to had failed hote. And saine Ihe was false, what was there left for her to cliii to 1 "ti is quite hleartbrealilg, isn't It, Mr. Lester ?" It pretty girl had said to l)Jtdley at the privtut view; s " but Mr. Gaurlnett was omistaken when lhtlie said that Miss Langley had been her otwn model. It isn't her face i at Ill." And tohe ma had tlmurmulinred, lllder his t breath, " 'o ; it is only her soul !" Soolt after tiessio hald loft Canal Gardens K]enyon Blake secured an aplapointment it Melbourne ils manager of some concern in which Ihe was interested. Nis expenses were to be paid, the sainry' was good, anld hIo was to receiove l coIlsirelrable asumi before his elepairti re. "So youl see, little girl. wears cominllg out all right; anlltl in i few imonths I shall buy I oult tiat foellow who has gon .yotur little alllce, iild yol shall haveo It tldio of yoilur owni agtlin," heo sait, with Ita fine burlal of lordly ( flene?osity. A few days before he sailed, Bessie. whose t unlelculatilg passion was isa reaidly to ask it good fitlh its to give, ltli him tiLti thet watis litelrally enilessee and that there was heavy intterest eontilng dil oil llon iloy tliht a shto0 had raised for him at var'ious itutos. It t was the tfirst itme shIe hitd oler reminded hi of Lte privatittIonsa se iwals sifoleriing; and c probably olo woul not Itvte done no had hle iot plevlously nassured her thait some I huindreds of liounds had been paioid it to hli I wilthin the week. But site had not reckoned the inew clothes a there were to buy, the dinnlters there were to c give, tland the eilgas and plerfutiiery and I whisoy to be Inidl in for theo voyagoe, ltd the dozeon other far imo tilaporiitlt laits to exhalust his Imloney tIlhai the daily iteedls of the weman whot hai d beggared herself for hinm. " Of course, I had thouglht of thant, and will see Io it before I lerae. Don't worry or fret, for oversytIlhin is cominig strlilghlt at last," And hIis tlaswer hiad been sutficiet llf to satisfy llCssio's htrustful heact. Towardsl evenhlig of the daly beforet his departurllle, tifter she hIld wailed for him' all day, it telegtra cattllle : ' Terribly busy. Mlleet lie at )oks, t e.s. Alexa. Sail at cleven.l So sorry." ' Siok at heartr at losing hinl, Iessio set out t Rt the ppllloitlted tinee, aind Kenyoin w's tender, and apologetic alidl tlkatite i; and more prodigal of wonderful pronllses tlhan I "I've arranlgedt ev.erytlllng with 'lowers, so write to himl the lomlent you get home, , ilid he will see you aro all right. I shalll send you mioro the minute I land,' so don'lt worry, iny dear, doear girl. l'm half lcrazy it leaving you, but it will only be for a ft ew moniths, ld thel I'll shot' you how Inuch I love you I" Atil foolihl BIessie becalno hopefull osct lmore, anid hl' ead face glte less whlte and It drawn as she clungeh triustfully to the cotward hand thlat had despoiled heIr. lMr. 'towsers replied to Bessia's guarded i1 lottoe' hi termll of striclstt politoless, and iegretted thin r, ? Blakoe had l not given him te itnstructionsi to not for him if] any way; but C Ihe ioloosel that gentlemlni's aiddress, and oxpressed theo opinion tthat ally connlituicai fa tloll adtdressed direct to him would receive 'i allte crepb n- olouly ol, :n.a d..so.le• cod Nilnette cams perilouly I1 slto arvclttOll t for loesle found Itl wis moere dillioult, to sell t her worlk rwhetl slo han wkedl It rounld hlerself thlisi whet receivilig tlho dealors it hler ownsi sollol, since aoois lcolers nle Ilot above beilg iliflltieliced by the ssiirosundilge.o tf their cesttoner's. 'ttheii sle gaspted it tl hat I forlorli hIolto of tile gently.reared Icoor' teachlltg; and Irtudlged brnvely tlhrotgh thle wiLatry streela to give sher lossoln. At the lidl of tillrco inoltlhs slhe recelved, throllgh Mitr. Towters, a clhequie for £10. It aits thelo I?t conulcicatio n Bet s io ]e er ve 1 res irved froln tfo o IoIan for whrelo she hadl serificeil 'istl ad tulerled so ialh; i llllthouglh A site leartued frIlom various sioutcon that he wi s Is, fluiltlessly clothed as over, ulld osCendlllg hIis 1 lilollnoy wtlh lil ie5 old ollelnIthatllded lurincely i generosity-tpo n Ilhhnself. RoIlo woreanll babble of thol' sorrowrs to wbosoever lendls ant co ', alld so lild comfort , hutb |lreit wts Ilot otto of those, sId eo'ell to liletlto sie hnd tlieover spoltken KeSiotl's i illce. liin helr pleoture, she bilreathed tle chaos of hlir sostl, 1t ,is hIer one tdunlbl Itllfleat stli alllcell-tlhe osleilentoxpeloslsons of her lsiglilsl. Solmle yetirs hlrve passed Silce i Ellznbeath ,luacloy oxlhibited the Ileituelo which made a lher ftio(se an1 dl she Is lsOw otei of the onost oigserly.'otisllt.nfi'teis woioeli ic l.olton I for' it 1i oilyl t novrels t, hlalsl IR are leve' lheilel, ".Il le?'li' s I Itvisllilatt do lo t l lv ouLtho llo tlagell of lthe roatilcel'. Iut liesalo is "llessle" no lolgeri Il he sboft dhnilntllve doeca nsob fit the quesnly woalnn who barl heilr tstetoller isnlmo i fill. l She to s gontlo ii sIniotie,' as of yarn wish fthe he addedl grace of the Ithlshed worldling, But In the tlt'l coftiess tinlld trlllstfllllnesl of hIer i lnaturo hias for ever vaultshed, for cile hlisa ossed thlitousgh her Bliptslle ef ltlre, aldi lered her lessol of life I alid li hnle left hes'r ihc~npsnlvo, a dscomool, and ololdlyto'o ilcali:c nh he J1CO.--Ahl, ldPd from I'an€iv FIAir 