THE PASSOVER. Tho was a largo audience in the small hall of tho Y.M.O.A. last nighfc to hear a lecturo by Mr. Lewis Abramowitoh on " Tho Pass over of tho Jews, as observed before and after tho commencement of the Chris- fiun r»Tvi " ll»f> lopt.ni- ft.rfirun liciiK? ar- ranged to represent tho Passover Feast. Tho Rev. B. A. Schleicher, M.A., principal of Moore College, presided. Tho lecturer said the Passover which the Jcw3 ob served now consisted of a feast- of leavened bread, and not of the Passover which was lo be killed in the Temple at Jerusalem and calen only there. As there wan no Temple there the Jews did not par take of it. The leavened cake was com manded in the Scriptures to be oaten, also bitter herbs and Raobonical additions, such as four cups of wine for each member during tho feast. There wore two kinds of fruits, ono representing the Red Sea and the other mortar and bricks, symboli cal of the occupation of tho Israelites during their sojourn in Egypt. To eommemoralo the Basaovcr they had a shank bone containing n. small quantity of meal.oreho the nook ol afowl,citheruf which waa roasted very dry, and was simply looked at. The three Passover cakes which were placed on the table on that occasion repre sented, according lo the Jewish teaching, (he trinity of the Jewish nations— namely. Priests, Levitca ami Israel. But lie believed they represented tho Trinity, and not the j Unity in trinitv, as taught only in the New Testament-, for t tho reason t-lrat the doctrine of the Trinity hail been tho Jewish doctrine, and was traced in I heir writings even befonCIirist, and was fouud in their writings which had come down even as late as the seventh ecu- tury. They had introduced it as a gratitude tn God that they should not divide the Unity nor confound the Trinity. Tiio Jews believed in the order Father, .Son, and Holy Ghost. The middle of the three i'.ir-s- over cakes, which represented l.iio Sun, who was also the second person of the 'Trinity, was broken in halves, one half being eaten before and the other at the cud of the meal, which, accord ing to the lecturer, .showed that rhe second person of tho Trinity, Jesus Christ the Son of God, broke liis body aud suffered and died for the sins of tho people, cud that those only who partake of Him in His iir.it capa city — which is at the beginning of the Gospel feast — will also nartaku of Him at J J is second coming. Those v. ho did imt partake of His ffrst half would be outside the house, ami those who failed to partake of the second half would have no share iu the second coming of Christ. 