GLEANINGS. In 1R77 the Empress of Brazil presented Queen Victoria with a dress woven entirely of spider's webs. Its fineness and beauty are said to surpass tbat of the most elegant silk. The Queen of the Belgians is very fond of travelling incognita, and this fanoy is said to lead to amusing experiences. Her plain dress on one of her recent journeys was the oocaaion of her being turned out of her place in the rail way carriage by a vulgar parvenue, who was unwilling to travel in the company of a person in so ordinary a costume. Mine. Sarah Bernhardt^ birth certificate has been found. She is not a native of Havre, as she liersrlf supposes, but a Parisienne of the Latin Quarter. She was born in 1814, her mother being a Berlin Jewess, who was then a struggling milliner in the Hue de l'Eeole de Medicine, a few doors from the house where Marat was living when assassinated by Char lotte Corday. Her sister Jeanne is two yoars younger. The King and Queen of Portugal have been trying.what a State progress would do towards 1 reviving the loyalty of their subjects. The experiment has, on the whole, proved a suc cess. Their Majesties took care to ?don their smartest clothes and most precious jewels in all the tawDS they passed through; and after looking at them the Portuguese seemed to dis cover that it was rather pleasant than other wise to have suoh a presentable pair to rule over them. The King and Queen were literally bombarded with flowers, and the peopledanoed around their carriage aB a sign of joy at the royal visit. The question whether married women may teach in the public schools is (according to the Boston Woman'i Journal) exciting a good deal of discussion in America, In Minneapolis the School Board has decided that" theemploy ment of married women may be allowed in special casesbut they show a decided ten dency to discriminate against married women. The North, of Minneapolis, devotes more than six columnB to letters from prominent oiti/.ens on the question. Nearly all of them, both men and women, condemn the discrimination against married teachers. A case in Boston is now attracting attention, where the appoint ment of a certain highly competent teacher is opposed by some memtiers of the Sohool Com mittee solely on the ground that she is married. " Achilleion," the palace at Corfu which the Empress of Austria has only just completed, is one of the most luxurious, and at the eame time the mOBt ourious, buildings in Europe. It is nothing more nor less than an enlarge ment, with modern appliances, of one of She patrician dwellings of Pompeii. Incandescent nlcctric lamps, hidden amidst the foliage of decorative friezes, throw their light on a series of frescoes representing the mythological legend of Achilles. The gardens are also illuminated by electricity, and every room is placed in direct communication with the yacht Miramnr, always at anchor 111 the port. The whole of the furniture is strictly Pompeian in design, but some of the proverbs and sayings inscribed on the walls have been chosen from English authors, Lord Lvtton amongst i;U9 number. . , ? The following are _S"iae »F the derivations of the names of fabricsDamask is from the City of Damascus ; satins from Zaytown in China; calico from Calicut, a town in India,, formerly celebrated for its cotton cloth, and ' where calico was printed. Muslin, is named from Mosul in Asia. Alpaca from an animal in Peril of llama" spnoies, from whose wool the fabric is woven. Buckram takes its uauie from : ifo;tat,a ritj, pi tho Middle Ages, from which \ the modern' Cairo is'desccodcd. Taffeta and tabby from a street in Bagdad. Cambric from Cambria. Gauze has its name from Casa; baize from liajac; dimity from Damietta. and jean from Jeau. Drugget is derived from a city in Ireland, Droghcda. Du?k comes from Torque in Normandy- Blanket is called after Thomas Blanket, a famous clulhier connected with lb* introduction of woollens into England about 1310. Serge derives its name from ! Xetga, a Spanish name for a peculiar woollen blanket.. JJiajier is not from D'Ypress, as is sometimes stated, but from the(Treekdiaspron, figured. Velvet is from the Italian vellute, woolly (Latin, vellus-a hide, or pelt). Sliawl is the Sanscrit eala, for enawls were first used as carpets and tapestry. Bandana is from an Indian word to bind or tie, because it is tied in knots before dyeing. Chintz from the Indian cliott. Delaine is the French of wooL- Trade Journal. In many of the Churches in America when a fashionable wedding is about to take place the officiating clergyman is often called upon to attend a full dress rehearsal, and often two, as a part of the performance. The Church is lighted, the organist is in his plaoe, the whole bridal party is.present, the signal is given, they matchup the aisle, and at the altar the whole oeremony is gone through exoept answering the questions. The bride and bridegroom are instructed not to say "yes" at the wrong time, told when to kneel down, when to get op, and go through the difficult and generally trying operation of putting on the ring. Sometimes the bride and bridegroom go up the aisle a dozen different times, with diffe rent 8tep3 and degrees (if rapidity, before iliry hit upon what their circle of near friends and relatives think the correct thing. The bride often tries half a dozen positions and many more expressions. In one position she leans .a, .little forward; in another she walks erect. Whether she carries her head on the right or left side is considered im portant. The way the veil looks bestthe adjustment of the train at the altar, so that she can torn around easily; the proper atti tute in coming back-;these and various other matters have to be considered and marked out carefully in advance. A short time ago, at a wedding in Philadelphia, the bride and bridegroom exchanged tugs at the altar, and after the ceremony embraced and kissed each other in the presence of the congregation. The Countess of Jereej contradicts the state ment that she declined to patronise a perfor mance of Ibsen's "Ghosts" in Sydney on the ground that "no lady could act the part "taken by Miss Janet Achurch." Lady Jersey, in a letter to Woman, says:-"The play in question was not 'Ghosts,' which, as far as I know, haa never been acted in Sydney: nor did I assign the reason stated above for refusing my patronage. The facts are briefly these-Miss Janet Achuroh (Mrs. Charrington) very kindly offered to give a performance of Ibsen's 'Doll's House' for the beneBt of a fund now being raised in order to erect a Women's College in Sydney. My patronage was asked, and, under ordinary circumstances, would certainly have been granted. I found, however, that great controversy as to the moral effect of this particular play existed in Sydney, and the lady 'who first appealed to me to be present at the representation asserted that I should thereby manifest my adherence to the views put forth in this drama, and do much towards dispelling the objections raised to them in many quatteis. In fact, a considerable sec tion of the community appeared to take Ibsen so seriously that they were exalting his fancies into a kind of religion. I had hitherto thought Ibsen too dull to. affeot anybody; but experi ence shows that this is far from being the case either here or in England. I felt, therefore, unable to give the public mark of approval desired to dramas which, to my thinking, pre sented repulsive characters and pernicious theories. On learning my objection Miss Aoburch most courteously endeavoured to sub stitute another piece for the ' Doll's House,' but found it impossible to make the change. Of course the various estimates of Ibsen's plays are mere matters of opinion. Mine happens to differ from that held by Miss Achurch and other intelligent critics, but I should be sorry that either Miss Achurch or her friends should think that I used an expres sion disrespectful to one whose action was throughout generous and considerate." 