LN AUSTRAL.Af IN CMA,3E.K, [1OW )'IcT PUBLISH5E5. ." T-he Verdlct :as -? lx A STORY ,OF_ AQRTH ,QUE, NSLAND By, ltarold I.ulMackenaie, . AtUhor of ?lTf J Squatter's Daughter." 'e j si CHAPTE -- ..(coxntu.) li Sybd of an evening would delight to oin a friendly game of curds ith the a ers?heers. where his cheer~'manner'and tl good-natured banter wiuld 'always find a ready-welcome. ' ! After the day's work succeeding that j of his midnight interview with Liscombe, he was in no ready frame of mind for t the light-hearted throng which was ci awaiting his coming at the barricks. Be sl merely stopped as he rode homewards for a short half hour to tell them that he would not put in an appearance that sl ..evening. - 'vWhy, what's up,old boy, with you?" a queried Fred Royeroft, a bright;', good- ri looking young fellow, employed' on the al place as storekeeper. Ih .".Yes," added Alex Sugden, "you look tj as if you'd lost two- pence and picked up a half-penny." She's thrown him over," said Arthur Ii Richards in a playful tone. At any other time Sybil would have hld 'quick repartee at his command' to to parry these thrusts with, but this even- n ing he was diatrast, and found but little ti to amuse him. The society of his a fellow-creatures for once proved irk- a some, '5 'Have we not all felt so at times? u When some cloud lowers over the sun- fl shine of our path, would, we not wish to sI be away, far away and alone to think it t1 overand try if possible of finding some way out of our trouble ? ti "Well. hire we arc., boys,"said Rey- p croft, placing glasses oni the table with a whisky bottle besido them. "Let us p chase awaydull care and imake our old friend smile again. Never shall I forger e him shouting to m." the evening that h alligator wseas behind me in the river. IfI ever a an swam for his life I did on that w occasion." p " By George, yes !" said Sugden. "you a had a narrow squeak that time, and a can thank Prescott for being alive nos." Sybil, who was leaning over the table n Sicking the dust fromn his boots, peoo-. jloohed the idea as was h:s wont when any I special act of his doing was brought for. I1 ward. ""Nonsense, boys," he answered ; "it a was all due to liocroft's sswumuing. Cer tainly, I drewi his attention to the alli atodr. and can truly say he cut to land Ii like a torpedo boat:" " Gi'e me some whisky, and hang the cursed erocodiles." -bawled Richards, . holding his glass at arm's length, "I'll r take good care they don't get ome for a meal." Talk flowed on in this fashion, waxing louder 'as the gleasses were drained. when one of them suddenly exclaimed : \-- -' "Whathe devil can this be galloping for his lifel" at the same time looking in I the .direction from whence the sound of fast'travelling hoofs came riii;ing on the still calm air of sunset. " Well, .Jim, what's wrong with you ?" shouted Resycroft, as Singleton pulled his t mare up in front of the house a few e seconds later. "Matter? Nothing much with me. The boss though's come to grief. On the road home he got slung off. and t sprained an ankle. lie's as tight as they l make'em. He told me to ride like blazes for a bandage, and I'm here accord- t ingly." The quartette listened in silence to Singleton's account of the accidlent, though it could hardly be said that ants one of them showed the slightest sign of I pity for 'Maurieo Liscomke. "Curse hints !" was all Riclhards mut tered whilst pacing the verandah. "Now look sharp with the bandages I" said Singleton, giving his horse a dig and siding onwards to the st,.re. Soon all the necessary articles were provided. Rloycroft accompanying Single tou to, the house where Sybil resided ithlls MIautrice Licombhe, a distance of less tl.ait half a'mile from the barracks. As they rode along the river bank, Singleton and Rl,.ycroft mesoure paces between their re.pective atimals, which is the delight of all `young colonials when they can get asn oppartunity of showing wlat mettle their steeds are made of. On entering the hoise they found the manager of Iappeo stretehed at length on the sofa, with wild eyes staring into space, andl'ose and then an effort to articulate something which was perfectly unintelligible to them. "A knife at once," said Roreroft to Singleton., who set h;mself sp as an authoritly whenever anything in the doctoring li.,e cropped up. " must aurl that hoot off, first thing." So, suiting the action to the worrd, he ripped the seams to pieces, which at once caused relief. Liscombe, then sinking back, was soon wrapped inheavy sleelp. STo give RoycrJeftlis due, althdoieh far from having any great knowledgi or skill as a surgeon,, he was what might ,have heeni termed'a haidy man wlien occasiun demanded. He could bind or stitch 'wiunds,' could prepare and put i on a poultice with all the skill of a tprefes si,cnal nurse. ad, on more thlan one oc casion iad beedn knowf" to extrnct teeth, though how much unnecessary.pain he had inflicted lie was not prepared to say. "" Seems a dasty wrench, and likely to lay hint up for a time," said 'Roycroft, as t.n bathed the ankle with ammonia and water. , the two were standing on either side of te manage r.,who lay as one inanimate. erd fe;r the labored breathing and con vn;lsive twilcrhing'of his lips, caused by i:cavy drinking. "That beast can never go to the town siiP without coming bock tighlt." Some ;ight he'll get hIis neck tlicke, and it sen'tbe' mucht loss'either, I know ose idn' uon the place as wouldn't minid hscein. hiin toes up."' *Thee remarks were uttered by Sincle touwho was expressive in his phlrse olcgy, if not having due regrci fer Queen'a English. OfWhoss that?" queried toycraot, we ne ingyards upon yards of soft liner, runsl the swollen ankle.' ,' Nowrcthen. can't you guess; instcad .fyingIa'~p!ay the goat? You know 3elly welllthbermn I mean." ..oy-ftootes' assumed this kind of feened nsce' on certain subjecte. bagair n i?l_ hare teemed rather iaecn¶ y e' a sa'e customer, aareraida not saying too much. . .,, " Well, if you want to know, Prescott's tl the man l'm referring to. Lord.t'to hear if him cursing the boss this morning;was I. enough to have frightened the devil him- s ;elf. There must ha' been some jolly of rows on last night, for I never in aitmy b .borndays---'" ' . , r ;Before Singleton had finished, Maurice b Liscombhe opened his eyes, though what al was taking place he seemed searcely ti'be 11 aware of. His eyes rolled wildyfromi'ode b to the other. : His arms were throwj'b'?er his head, clutching atthe 'hdishions"upodn s which he lay!" 'For iti'mment 'iall was silohet'l TI another instant a lo, chulk: linig demotiiaal'la~gh broke froim Lia combehimself '' t S"Escaie me, can he l Never I" lThe" tMne of, his. voicte uaounnatal T and 'unlike.tithit ever heard beforea by, those wvatching' beside him. -, r,,g ! It'waslelarly discernible that he was i waniderins in" his. mind from the dise al jointed nature of his remarks: ." p "' As true as my name's Liscombo--aw a whole affair plain as-- call it 'murder df li course I do-that follow PrescotL-moodh shining full-sea calm-I'll have money Is Having relieved himself of so much, he i shut his eyes 'ncd moreoand'slumbered. i " What on 'earth' is the old'fool drivng c at ?'" 'exclaimed. Sihgletoi: t''", Prescott mixed up' with full moo?e and murder. It s strikes me' the ioon's.liad a go at him biy Is his talk. . Perhaps Prescott'll be able. to I tell'li all about it."- . . p i"Take my advice," said Itoycroft, p "and keep whatyou'veheard toyouraelf. tl Ij might culse trouble." -,l· ' "Perhaps your right," said Singleton, "though I've always heard say that w when a man's suffring from delirium its not right to attach too much irportmance k to what he says. Now taking my ownl case, for example, when 'I was laid up with rheumatic'fever, I took'all sort?' ofii odld fancies into my head. Even my wife, tehoa the best womnii on ea'rth', came in for a share of cursing occasionally. . It i strikes me, however, in' this cass that there's aomething amiss between the boss ahd Prescott. I've noticed 'em for some b time back not hitting it off quite pro. per. a Yes," said Ioycroft, " that has been pretty evident to all of us. and no wonder a either. A better chap never trod this a earth than Prescott. I've never known i him guilty of a mean action yet. A t; gentleman in every sense of the teem, which is more than call be said of lhin, is pointing to the manager. 't Why, the. way:a Prscott is spoken to: sometimes, it's a a' wondr to me that he hasn't hbroken eveery hne in his body befee this." o : " Good Lord i do you think for a mo ment that Prescott woulid take such a mean advantage as to strike this flabby ihing here." said Sintlettoi. Throwing'La a look of contempt on tiue sleepimg form. "'No. he's not built that way . tive hinm a man of hie on size'anld weight, and t en there would he esinctling to t{ilk ma oot. I'll back Prescott atiy diy for a fiver." .1 . . The evening was now wearing on. c Without all was still ianid'peaceful, save r fIr the the cry of birds' h:tliicli pipe.; moerrly all through the nights as some are wont to do in this hot land. Or again n?liht be heard the piteous wail; of wcld I dogs, serenading the bright nmon in some I deep recess of the thlick -idngle. a whine so:piteous and uncanny as to,.n;ako. thu'l - who hear it for the: tirnt- time ia'asino it i from the regions where 'torineits imay ekist. What nights are these of the trop:cs I where theo' det, vault of hIeavei is studded with countless' milli.is' of bright i dorldi? Do they nelt speak ti"ii" of something that we nm:y holle :ir in thai , unveiled futroe whither all. we believe. are trending:; sometling of peace, sime-. thing of rest and repose from all the bsy toil and vexation of spirit, iwhis:hs is the general lot of mankind on earth :? Yes. siuch are the dreamy, cal,. ethereal nights of these lands cwhere Great Sol in running his daily course baets down upon I the earth so fiercely. . SBeside such nights as these, what com- I parison can be drawn with those of tetn perate latitudes where the stairs shine b't I feebly, where fogs drift up friim' doil' morass's, and where the.sun t loks'sick - so often through hanks of lduli-lhed s clouds? One is all life, color and gaiety ; , the other soau re, dull and sad. The i birds in their rich plumage dartinig aeross tihe jungle peth, the lizards timidly. gaz iitg from their bower of fern and rich aoisst Grasses, the troops' of dazzlingt butterflies, the emerald calored snakes gliding noiselessly through l the under-e growth, all sevem to 'be endowed with greater vitality in lands whereo icese grow, and, alas! where Europeans sicksen aind die. Over all this wealth of .olor, this abundance of Natiures greatest gifts; s when but to be able to be proof against t l malarial fever, would mean only to. live I in order to enjoy, comes tite waring note of death. T'l ride. perhaps 'when the asun has set, floundlering girth deep on I your tristedi steed thrsough stagnant water, are then exhaled fromt its noxious depths where infusorial life is teeming I the dreaded malarial gaces. This sickness, deadly in its purpose, strikes down strns atld weak.' Mten who lihave endured the hardships of campaign, I men who have travelled many weary £ leagues in the saddle without food for days would gladly experienee them all t again rather, than fight the eommuonn enmy of lthe tropics, Bihjch racks them i hbaotf in niiiid and body as nothing else 1 can. Lying for weeks together,' with , every bone, as it were, being hammered by ,,,all, ts, by sprays of ice-cold water I coursing down the spine, as soon to be a followed by scorching irons. as it were, tearing the flesh asunder. are some of th'e feelings sf this trepieal fever. . Sybil had as yet escapeld all sickness, e as most do whose rich English' blood' is not made thin until a osmmer or two' hit passed. With his fine physique and well trained muscles he could defy alulodt any I thing in the shape of bodily ailmeints, and would laugh when any one complained of f headaches, so much the rule with all about him. - " iWell," said Singleton, breaking a y somnewhat prolonged silence, "do you think you'll want sme any longer, 'cos, if you don't, I think l:il be getting back to the ,nissis." " t Singllotn was a married man, and al ways sploke of his better half as the C missis. A kinder husband never breathed than this somewhat rough-and-ready -stocskman, who took a pride in seeing everything around his small home as r niear and ntty as:hands could make it. Its wellikept gardesi, in which he would w.rk after the' day had finished: The s nus little parlor, with its suite of freshi, lirightl.colored chintz and favorite books d and photogrephb. ls. tan!! and coolllook Sing ferns, slhadings the verandsh, the pride and-djoy of his .wrife. ' Thse all told Iof: kind and loistig hands whichl;t in others, might hare beeleft to langulish r' d-doee ; . ."l "Only.;ono thing i?ore,;Singleton I' said Roycroft.: -"`"Wheneyon rarpasnin the barracks, see if Prescott is there;,and if so,tell him to come as soon as he can. Iwanot to'irancge"abo?ut"?fi ' bi's`'.'"He most have iishoe oti'ey himni ll'night;;'In one of his momenta of frenzy he might I become troublesome:' "/I 'r .:;'- i"' or I"Right, 1ildarboy. u4Thero'e my little i beauty outside pulling,on heprbridle as if P5 she saw a tlidusand ghosts, so I'll be off a at once. Good-night fland.keep the old In anotlhersecond he had swung lightli at into the saddle and wascantering through ci bthe moonlight with manya?.leap from'the t young mare, who aeemedto have an idea , that shadows of trees and tumops.wero sa tzeacherobus wter-jiumps. 'p. fhRoycroft and the manager were alone. The room they were in was long and airy, add, as the sea-breeze came in gentle ui gusts, it made music in the glass chande- g lier above. In the garden, flyiig-fores amidst the cocoa nut and bananna trees played hide-and-seek; the crickets chirped r and bate flew'in idd out, attracted by the m light. 'a "All creatures of night-timo were hold- t irg high festival... . c" S'Presently a deep groan came fromni ' Maurice Liscombe, which- startled' Roy- to crrft soloewlint, I who was ,eenjoying ' cigarette in atllarm-chair... a .:'ifi ariathert instant he .had risen .in a sitting posturre, but seemed to take no heed of Roy' rofts presence. H[is eyes had a fixed blearo lock, a'nd wore adi ex- to pression o'f piin-as he drew from his a, pocket a'sealed letter and as quickly h thrust it back'agaiih, fearing lest any one b should see it: a That he was suffering from delirium was evident. ' 1 " Pcor'D?pdale I Poor Dugdale I" he kept relientmg to himself. " Never hind ; you'll(be'avenged for it. Prids-' ott'all have a hard case to. prove, a hard' a aio to prove--d--n him I . Roycroft listened with some interet, . d'ilrtering what bn earthl this cliiS ge l?eIlled againit Prescott could mire'a .. '. i 1 In the distance ? zmie the noise of clat- n 'ering hodtfs. which Roycrolt guessed to bo!Sybil riding'hornewards. Soon the young. Englishman pulled up d and dismounted. When hr eitered the room he stood for nI aninstant gazing at 'the bloaled featurn and swollen ankle of the manager; thenl taking his seat close to Roycroft; they talked for a time iri low voices. ' Is hewvaridering? lls he been say in, anythingl;' queried Sylil, who•r.as liapparently anxious to know somathnrg g about the patieht.7 SYes, he is saying a lot more than be i ought to." "Anything about ime? Is he uncon scious ?" 7; !'Very much so, and for that reason I 'sttach noinopprtance to his words."" t ' lltt hat hi h he Leen sayingi" Sybil inqoired; anxiously:" . Settirer not be'too curious; it mightn't P please yeui." ! i Come. now. Roycroft.: there can. be nothing between us. Take, me into your cirfidence: 1 prormise youa itll go no fur 'iher." ... . '" For your own sake, I trust not; it's a f very ugly 'eport, old hoy." At these ewords Sybil rose to his feet. t ferinmg what he (guessed when he had heord that Liscombe was delirious. Ad- t .nocing slowly towards Roycroft he took Oirrr gently bygthe shoulder, gazing fear lenly into`irs eyes. SDoes he'ldoes he "-here he fal tered a little--"- mtition the name of Dlicdale, raeusingrind4 f-of--'" . Ile sank into a chair, the words refus ing to come. t loycroft' stbod over him, wondering t nfihat it alltmeant.'" CHAPTER III. SYBIL'8 NARRATIVE. Seasons come and go in sugar lands without that remarkable change in charac ter which distinguishes 'those df1'eore I temperate climes. Tile sun is always I shining: the trees, the thrubs, and tiue flovwers are for ever fresh tol tilu eye I ".itter, so called. may be a little less -eyere than autumn; summcr riatny be, come intensified as spring departs, but I day.s are hot always. The dancing,rays of sunshine blind the epes abt nion-day' even in the month of-June, and when night cliehe in,chill: tiatt, at times arise hanging like, a-white-pall above the arrowing cane-tepe. Thelfeya rcrbii''hesa around his hot embers, hlis tfrlnob:litho and active ender vertical sunrays, when Europeans gasp for breath, p.. shrinks I and ahrvells before the coolnlghl a'r. t it was the winter season at I?ppoe. Telo season when all day long in the canefields the toilers were busiest. Clink, clink, went the cane-knives, sharp asrazors and lvashing in the sunshiunt, from a score of dusky ravages. Women and children, too; were gathering ai tile' hainboos as they ,fall.snd,piling them on the trucks for the mill.,, No, one ;was idle. But what a channe is the season of hleivy raids, when tfer days' tiigeth'i iio work can be prlceeded with, when the great mill has ceased pounding on, and bidis arnd flying-foxes wheel about the building, urncared by the roar of stern. . . Then coilrce dowrn in all,their, fry the racing mouriiili' torrents to join the broad, fast-llwirng river, whiclh ncarri'es on iheir roote,ito ber borno seeawa'rdi O:'?N'I crft could atem_ that hcurrenit; 'rushing I mrdly on to join the wide, blue ocean. rjlan perforce must succumb to the, in evitalble. li fi watcheis,"aid rot?withvot. ainxiety, the ri?ie':iif"'tlie'dt'iriri'ast'iteriAs slowly, but surely, each day'th'iy iril heaidway, fearing:leaet'i that .' in liroe overwhelming ; avalanche .i they:: 'nmay' I burst their bounds and carry all before i them. I In Juno a man might"wadd'the'rr?ii"r, \- were it not for the gruesome thought I that under that calm, unruflild surface:a I hideotis crocodile may be lurkingi Sleep t ing, sleeping always,i until it scents its prize. then with; a dart magical iii- its a speed, the preyiis seized'and dragged by as triple-row of teeth to be ground ' in E piec :meal. :' If you've nothing to do this erenirig we'll ride to Thornton and have a game of billiards," said Sybl to Royeruofft. is Sirgltto" abi'eta I 'want him tocomem Itoo. " : r Sybil was riding, and lad pulled up in Sfront of the mill-lhous?b where a gaig of, a Chinese. alara's and Kanakas were busy feeding t heiirollrs sithi cane. .' I MyI reason for wanntiig you to come I daresay you can easily uess. 'Youl Chare ,lieird quite suhleientlilst night to',t ayoi wonderinig, I ce efo'douht. "Sinkleton hna also heard i part;, arid fur his areason f:' wasnti you' both 'td "rid:iio i Thornton with me There we can have ia quiet :chat at the pub oveii he a matter, whicrh" I dent caue ibouit: oig bIert-- -(To be Icogerad 