TALK O' THE TOWN. Each SIpSlstignMlo. with IU pohonoiu pill 1'lUs to tba Printer UevU.— Houacz Smith, The unexpected doath of Mr. G. E. Cass— who represented tho Bogan for a number <>f years, aud alwuya seemed to havo the (irst oall ou tho con stitueucy — has precipitated an election. As a gouerai tiling, i uou t oojecc to un eiwciion, iur iv Eroviilco a little excitcinuut beyond the ordinary; ut on this occasion tho contest is anything but welcome, not ouly because of the sad cii'ouniatance which produced it, but b causo it comes at a time when people's hands are tolerably full of other mutters, und they could afford to drop politics without any injury to tho electorate or thomselvcs. The breatti was scarcely out of tho body of the late member before candidates announced them selves. Every day since has added to tho list of likely starters. Nearly a dozoo names are men tiotied, but, no doubt, between this and tho I polling-day there will be a radical cutting down or j thinniug out. A Parliamentary oloctiou is a good nuted for a huudioup, und ouly a dozen fuco tho starter's flag. So it strikes mo that when the £40 bus to bo deposited with Mr. G. H. Taylor, soveral of those who wore masquerading us candidutoi will be fouud missing. Not that tuey bavo any objection to tho £30J a your, out they havo to chancing l40 un thu l.uZard of the ballot-box. Assuredly, if ull of th so whose names uro whis pered arc about to havo a flutter, twothirds of them u ill forfeit their doposit, fur they have no niort clime'. -f iv|»i«;9U4.tm, the Bogan thuu of taking p>n .<i thu cunulite of cardinal who a ill elect thu next Pope. Th.y, however, mcun to uir their uloquuncv ul tbo expeuso of tho patiouco of the <100(018. That s what noil might be cull d tuking u mean udvuiiiago, an<l if u<c free uud i'.Ucpcmlouts icsfiit this luoling and indulge in a kind of rough a d ready treutmcnl, tho aspirauts cau only coufuss it is political if not poetical justice. There Is «nc thing to bo remembered by candl dates, or those who arc anxious to ouuiiny tho seat s » long tcuanted by poor Mr. Cass. If tho House does uot meet till August or September -and that is nut among thu impossibilities— they will nut receive that hundsoine lit to houoruiium of £0 pur week till then. They will get the railway pus straight uway, but tho weekly stipend does uot commence to run till thu elected oue has tukeu thu oath and his seat in the Legislu tivo Assembly Thb is literally a case of grasping tho shadow, nod wultiug lor tho substuuee, If it wero the other way round, it «ould be far bettor. A man could— as times go -put up with the deferral of tho pass r.ther than the money. Apropos of tho election, I have received a short note from a gen. tleiiiun, who has engi> cvrvd an election or two lu his time. He is now among tho unumployud, ami is ready to p ucu his sorvices at tho disposal of any (modulate w ho would like a smart active mau at the wheel. He rays— "If you know of unyone going to contest tho Bogun vacuucy, and wanting un agent to cajole, talk with, cuss, or do uuythiug not directly amenable to (lie law, I'm disengugeif. Tortus, mod. ' 1 cau can vouch for his vim ami his kuuwledge of elect ouceriug vexations aud vanities. The Coininittco of tho Mudge Hospital do not seem to bo a happy family. Thoy aro now knocking their heads over a discussion us to what ..constitutes a drug. Tho Hospital doctor, it >p|>cra, engages to fiud the requisite drugs for £40 per year— in addition, of course, t<» his sulary. Ho, however, charges morphia as an oxtra, and too oth r evening this gave rise to an animated debate. Mr. Davidson, u member of tho Committee, remarked that " it w. s only a farce to say morphia was uot a drug." A Mr Curpeutor howovcr, thought diflereiitly, and this little verbal fearing took place:— ' Mr. Carpcntor: I know tho Fnendly Societies don't rcukon morphia a drug in ih« medivines p»id for by tbem. Mr. Davidson : 4 What rot I Do you mean to say morphia la not a drug? Mr. Carpenter : I do maintain morphia is not u dl tig. Iu fact, I will bet you £5 it is not a drug." It is a pity tho gcutleman who wanted to back his opinion was not over this way. Im inclined to thluk he would be soon casod of that fiver. Bathurst possossos probably e number of musical amateurs equal to if not superior to those of any country town. Thoy stagod and played lust week Gilbert and Sulliven'a "Pirates of Penzaneo" in a way which ullowed of very littlo adverse criticism. But if their musical abilities are uudeuiable, so is their loyalty. Like the pirate thoy were counter feiting, thoy dearly lovo tho House of Peers or uiiy stray member who gets as far as tho City of tho Plains. Uu Thursduy night, tho Governor not turning up to time, the audlonco was kept for nearly uu hour waiting, and then tho porformanco hail to bo oommenced without bis Excellency. Just, howovcr, us tbe opera was in full swing, aud pirate cup, tho audlonco was electrified by a yell from the back of tho dress circle,—" Thompson 1" Aud this w«e answered from the orchestra in the surly muniier of a man who does notwauttobo bothered, " What's upt" Thou in tones iu wluoli uervousticss bleudod with excitement, was heurd, " He's ooiniug up tho atnirs." When tho audionco, to whom ull this was a mystery or a " most ingenious paradox," roulisod that tho hall was not on tire, that there was not a suddco death among tho tickot takers, that Machuttio Park hud not been swallowed by a volcano, or tho head gardener carried away by Oraugc kiduuppers— that it was ouly the arrival of his Excellency which was aunnunccd— pent up feollnge wero relievod by a roar of lauuhter. Lord and Lndv Jorsov and aulta took their seats amidst a domoustratiou in which the condo struggled with tho serious, and tho performers — coutrary, of course, to all canons of art,— tried back and recommeuced tho opera. Tho Bathurst Show was a very great success. Thcro must have been fully 15,000 people present. On Thurday, £570 wero taken at the gates. That means, couutlng each oue as an adult, 11,400. When tho children, members, exhibi tors and others who had tlio ontruo are rackoucd up, there Is no duubt the attoudaiiuo was rather over than under tho figure. Not only wero Bathurst aud tho surrounding district well repre sented, but visitors cauie from all parts of the west. Here and there, you bobbed up against little knots from Dubbo, Grange, Wollingtuu, Curcour, uud other loculitiea, Thu grouuds uro a ciedit to tho Association. The improvements leave very little to bo desired, nod tho management— especially as directed by tho Secretury, Mr. W. G. Thompson, who BUQitis to havo a nurticnlur uuiiina fur buornim/ shows—was good. Tho exhibits in the pavilions were very good, but I cunuot say tho stock shown was beyuud the ordinary. Tho cattle were very soso, the horses, us a whole, common, and the best of tho sheep out of condition. The Nutiunal prizes eertuiuly did uot produce thut competition which was expected. The trotting uud jumpiug competi tions were .worth wituessiug,— especially the rare pluck uud skill shown by a lauy from Covvru direetiou « ho rode a useful lookiug white horsu. Thut uug flew over the jumps like a bird, und the lady on bis hack understood him thoroughly. In fuot horo and rider wero iu coinploto sympathy, uud that, after all, is tho groat secret. The Show alt gelher was uu uudeuiable success, and, speak ing for myself, I must suy that it tuugiit inoa tliiug or two in uouueution with show maiiugemeiit. The Coinmitteo uud the Secretary do well, 'l'liey work together as one mau, and as a result hist week was held tho most successful of Now South Wulea Shows, tho Sydney one not oven excepted. Bathurst is a very large city, and it has pro gressed wonderfully. To un old hand, who visits it after un ubsenco of many years, it may be thut the uew buildings which havo gone up all round — the uow streets which have sprung up as if by magic— do . not compensate for the old faces which have disappeared. But there is tho fuct, which sentiment cau uot ignore. Two gassworks ; the prettiest park out of Sydney ; water-works, the machinery af which only huvo to be scon to be udmircd ; u gaol,— a model of its kind,— in which strict discipline to the inmates is not inconsistent with courtesy to visitors— two cuthedrals, and business places— such as E. Webbs' and Joint Mougher and Go's.— which will hold their own with even tho inununoth establishments of thu metro polis. Its hotels scorn very creditable, and speak tug of the Royal, kept by Mr. Hurley, formerly of Jnnuedah, 1 cau honestly say it is all that a a man who is fond of tuking his ease lu his inn can deilro It is u good many years ago sinco I first know thu Royal, but I am certain that if the ghost of old Nick Road or genial ponderous Uaulfiolod, were to revisit this sphero and hit Bathurst, neither would recognise the house. It has been completely metamorphosed. Tho old ramshaoklo establishment, whero in tho days agono, the military swells usud to sip their icfroshmeots, has been succeeded by a hotel, abreast of the t mes. Bathurst,— though, perhaps, if thero were less of tho new stucco aud more ot tho old plaster I would like it better— is undoubtedly tho capital of tho west uud must cootluuo so. Even Dubbo ncod not reseot befog couuted one of Its suburbs. WILL HONEYCOMB. 