The Last of a Legend. ; (Continued.) ~ * 1W loided iVih. muzla wiu powder and shot,' whispered Franks admiringly, 'and he's got fail annt Jndy?e[' gospel' roaad liii neck, and says he's *fraid of'notbing.' ' \- N«? erthelese the trio by common oonient ?voided all conversation, exeeps in occasional whispers, »nd Mjwk'd along under .the hedge row till theri rtaehedthe churehyard gate. There waa the whole length of the cBurok yard to be ??creased before retching the,c entranoe of the tainted lane; which however* might alao be epproashed by a shady by-; reed, a favotite haunt of rural airain and maid in the syinmir daya, though known by name of evit'-«SMd at -HMgiaan'i Walk. Jim heaitated between the two patha. ? Better stick to the ohurchyard,' whjapered Miek. - I don't like that road by night, ever ainee the gipsies murdered the drunken waf goner there. They aay -yon hear him and nia team sometimes; ud em ~ spear* enough at a time.^. .WeUlJwaJtjhewjipr joo.' Jim nodded, and, without giving himaelf time to be scared, slipped through the lich gate and aped recklessly across theebnroh yard. The rnoon jthat the Squire had pro, miaeH Ka9 barely half risen, and he stambted ?long over surely twice ae many graves as were ever to be found by daylight 1 It eooled his courage woefully ;. and why had Mick re minded bin? of the mardered waggoner? The big treea overhanging the evil-named lane I rose black between him and the sky ; and I where did all those mysterioqa: Boiaei^Awnrl from ? What made the branches ruatle and I oreak with never a breath of wind ; and what was that smothered sound of wheels and horaea' hoots in Hangman's Walk, where no cart ever passed P Ugh! The old Squire waa better opmpaay than all this; and Jim'i trembling. little fingers lifted the latch and poshed open the wicket-gate, and into the ghost's path he turned with what determina tion he might. The moon began to shine olearer now, full in his face, as he mad* hia way between the tall holly-hedges. He oould see the [rank; grass and dock-leaves beneath them, and on the moat-grown path the glittering lines of snail-tracks. On, he went. How mueh shorter and streighter the path had «lways looked from the oatiide ! One turn more and his ohnrch waa -in view, some two hundred yarda distant; and mid-way wasHhe end of his quest, the tall elm-tree, standing alone. One half, which had been smitton by light ning, gleamed ghastly through the nodding dark boughs that overhung a low jqaere stone. Only on* step forward now, and the reward would be within his grasp 1 He could not see the small freshly-placed tile that covered it ; but, as he stretched out his hand eagerly, cM31aBg,«flleng repealed from the efaunh tower, making him jump with hia heart almost in his mouth. 'Clang!' Howoloae ?nd startling it sounded t ' Clang I' He orept into the dark elm-tree shadow, looking fearfully up and down the path. 'Clang!' What— oh, what waa that dark shadow moving softly, silently towards him Y 'Olangl' He gazed, with' wild dilated eyes at the /shortening of the moonlit path between him and them. Them S Who were they, with their shrouded figures and awful silent footsteps ? And what was it they bore between them P ' Clang !' He !waa power less to move! On, on they came, black in the moonlight, to where he stood, till on the stone at the elm- tree foot they rested their horrible burden. 'Clang 1' ;? They were gone, and he^waa alone with — oh, he knew, too well what 1 And, aa the last stroke of arid night rang out, he gave a piercing cry and feu senseless beside the awful thing* -??? ? \\\ , ? :v. ?,.;..?? , ?;:?:-: jfu:..-- ' That's right, Mrs. Jonaa ; he'e coming round. 'vQife him.. another. /drop, of ;the puach ;' find Jim opened' his eyas to find the big Squire bendiag over him, concern de picted in' every line of his face. 'f\ /;? Somebody put something ' in ';ev- tpoon' between Jim'a lipa,:-«wl he r coughed sad swallowed and spluttered, and found voice enough to ask where he was.'. ? He was on the Turkey carpet intfttratiof a bluing fire in the big library at the Hall. Will Pruka wm «ai^tttrtb*ring-by, and tho motherly housekeeper was supporting his poor dazed head on her shoulder. There was a little crowd of people at the tar end of . the room, and a maid-servant ,.in hysterics somewhere outside. ''?'?? ?'?'? 'The ghoatsM ;- TheSqniref he gasped. '- 'Ghosts! ; Why,: there's no such things,' you know !' laughed the Squire, in his big voice. 'Lift him up, and let him see for himself. That will do him , most -good. Look here t Here are the ghosts and the Sqnire too.' . The crowd parted, disclosing in the een *Jm*avAig, -b«oad«shoaldored, *vil4eeed~aaea, liWith hie head bound up, in the custody | of iWiUMFranka'a fathsr and agamekseperVand ? slight, young lad cowering in the grasp of !-^^There's another ghost somewhere ; but I ^ahallaend the police after him,1 said the 'BSuire; ? '-?? . .-. v ':*?: v 11Y, 'Why, it's HeyahaTr's father, the wheel. -wright!--What~hBB'he done,' asked Jin, in ' amasement. ' '., ! ;.; / ' :s,)\ '.That's what he'll hare to ^explain , to me presently. Here's the coffin.' - ??? a '.'??-. \ , Jim felt a^keer 'sensation creep over him ?'-foV a'nioment when he recognised the large, ~'aquare paokia§-ease with.a aaek thrown over it in the corner.' ? '' ' ( ' What'a that V he dsmasided, ?, still be .;,.,wiWered. :,?.?:. ? .., . ?. ? -. - . ' 'What. is it? u Why, all the plate they ? oonld lay their handa . qn,,and a olsan swiep of the drawingrroom ornaments. Two more esses like that are, in the pantry, and a 1 ihorse and cart were waiting in Hangman's Ic Walk aa ' oonvenienUy m you jpla^SiV ,Tha ?r'f»:.? \ -?-'? -' '?!- ?., ? » r.pwfT ??* :' .Till»Wa!.:They fckaw ; that the 'Wtler was away on a holiday, and that we all go to had early on Sundays. They dida't count on my being oa the watch, and my friend here '— Micky's bow was Qrandieonian — ' dropping from the akiee in the nick of time to shoot a few ot them.' : 'Plasayour honor, it was only the home that I tirrified into the ditch aa the black gaards.ware makin* off^V. .,- .. ?--. c ? ' Well, I'll, not farga* you/ said^e Squire, wiping ^his Mae'l;^aad my ~yogpg$ ghost-hunter bere- wiltiaA^tbe hero ofpthe, -to-morrjow.' ???? ~. i) %£ 'i': '' ;? ? «May'.-Xig«-l»aie nitwT'^aska the ^»or little man wearily. 'And — and it wasn't * ghost, sir-i-but may' I have my 'four mm*tii\j-.y *-'.. -- .; ? ira., 'Go and get the dog-cart out, aetae of you,' spoke the Squire. ' I'll take him home te hia mother myself. Four ahillings I Don't yov remember , what I promised the boy Who boriei tbe ghoitt And' you «hall! have it ! For you've laid the worst ghoat tfaaVU ever be eeen at Horaham flalK = A.M. J/l [Thb EwdJ.^Uv' ...!? 