WE GLOBE TROTTEB. j THE DEVILS SNARP , ' > < " <7* . A Blood-Sucting Plant Discovered In Nicaragua. The Strange and Hideous Vegetable Growth Found In the Swamps of Cen tral America-Xts Gory Propensi ties and Incredible Voracity* IierOyDunstan, the well-known naturalist, who hasspent neatly two years in Oentral America studying the flora and fauna of the country, relates the finding of a singular growth in one of the swamps whioh surround the great lake of Nicaragua. He was engaged in hunting for botanical and entomological specimens in this swamp, which is known as San Sebastian's, when he heard his dog ci^ out as if in agony from a distance. Banning to the spot from which the animal's cries came.Mr. Danstan found him enveloped in a perfect net-work oft what eeemed to be a fine, rope-like .tissue of roots or fibres, the nature of which was unknown to him. Thaplant orvine seemed composed en tirelyof bare, interlacing stems, resembling more than anything else the branches of the weeping willow denuded of all foliage, but of a dark, nearly black hue, and covered with a thick, viscid gum that exuded from their pores. Drawing his knife, Mr. Dunstan endeavored to oat the animal free, but it was only wl$h the greatest difficulty that he sua ceeaed in severing the fleshy, muscular fibre. To tUBliOrror andamazement the natoraliet T saw thfetthe dog's body was covered with blood, while his haitlees ekin appeared to have bean actually sucked or puckered in spots, and the-animal staggered as if from ? weakness and exhaustion. In cutting the vine the twigs curled like living, sinnoos fingers about Mr. Dunstan's handandit required no slight force to free the-member from its clinging clasp, which left the flesh red and blistered. The gum exuding from the vine was of a grayish dark tinge^ remarkably adhesive and of a disagree able animal odor, very powerful and nauseat ing to inhale. The native servants who accompanied Mr. Dunstan manifested tbe greatest borror of the vine, which they call lasagenas dediable, the devil's eeine, or snare, and were full of atones of its death-dealing powers. One of these stories was of an Englishman residing In Managna, who, while hunting in the Swamp a few years ago, lay down ba neath a tree where a large and powerful . specimen of this singular plant was growing, and inadvertently falling asleep, awoke to find himself enveloped in its web,"and despite of every effort mode to extricate him., perished in Its deathly embrace. Another Btorywasof an escaped convict who "had hidden In the sjramp and whose bones -had been found in /the folds of the -sagenasonly a short time before Mr. Dun et&n;'ft: visit,. These .storieB, remarkable as they seem, are firmly believed in by the people, bat the .-only three specimens which Mr. Dunstan was able to find were all small oneB, though the meshes of the largest would probably, if extended In. a straight line, measure nearly, if not quite, one hundred feet..- He was able to discover very little about tbe nature ofthe plant, owing to the difficulty of handling it, for its grasp can only be torn away, with the loss of ekin and even of flesh, but so near as Mr. Danstan coold- asoertain its. power of suotion is con tained in a number of infinitesimal mouths or little suckers, which, ordinarly closed, open for. the .reoeption of food. The gam exuded seems to serve the two fold purpose of increasing its teaaoity and of overcoming a victim by its eiofeening odor. Theplppi is found only in. low, wet plaoes, and nsoaljy,.beneath a lar^e tree, and while dormaniaoems only a network of dry, dead vines -covering the black earth for several feet, but doming in contact with anything will instantly begin to twist jind twine up ward in a horrible, life-like manner, breaking ont with the gun- -like enbstance spoken of beforehand enwrap the object -with a celerity that is almost incredible. If the substance is animal the blood is drawn off and the carcase or refuse then dropped. A lump of raw meat being thrown it in the short time <jf five minutes the blood will be {thoroughly drhnk off and the mass thrown aside. Its voracity is almost beyond beliefj it devouring at one time over ten pounds of meat, though it may be deprived of all food for weeks without any apparent loss of fitdity. Mr. Danstan attempted to bring away a root of the sageuas, but it died daring'his return voyage, growing so foul . with a strong odor of real animal corruption that he was obliged to get rid of it. A to,UNO lady at a refreshment bar sur mounted' . a difficuly very neatly the other day,. when sbe eaid to a gentleman who had omitted to pay for his liquor, " Sir, if you happen "to lose your puree afterwards, re member that you did not take it out here." " Hakuit " is a play for all time. It will never give up the ghost. 