Hi o Problem of the Poor. Suggested Remedies. I AT the Pitt-street Congregational Church on Sunday the. Rev. W. Scott preached the second of a series of fortnightly sermons on "Social Problems in the Light of JeeUB Christ." . No particular text was taken, but the preacher based bis remarks "principally on the words of Christ to the disciples-of John. " And tho poor hare the Gospel preached to them." In a popular and much read book, published 10 years ago, 'entitled "John Inglesant," he said, the. following passage occurred :-"Nothing but the infinite pity is sufficient for the infinity pathos of human life." That seemed to him to contain, the pith of all the true remedies of the pro- blem of the poor. The infinite love of God! was alone sufficient for the infinite pathos of human life. Nothing but the Gospel, of infinite love could meet the problem of human life. Whilst seeking to look at other' suggested remedies ho did not abate one jot of the claim he made for the Gospel of Christ. The problem of poverty was many sided and very complex. The more deep and full the knowledge of it the nearer they became to heart-breaking. When they saw Eoverly in its ever-increasing volume and eard the cries of distress, their hearts would break but for the Gospel of Christ. He wished them to think of the wreckage of city life. Tn London it waa said that every eleventh person they met was in some sense a pauper. But what was worse was the meeting of human wrecks darkly drifting, their rags the index of a forlorn spirit, their bloated face, their shifting look and shuffling gait all telling of their sorrow and their misery. The man of wealth, the merchant prince, the self-satisfied men and women passed them by and shunned them. There was no, "thought of brotherhood with them. They paased along to enjoy their fortunt-H, and never thought for a moment of these ghosts of misery. But here in this free land of glorious sunshine that should be free from the wreckage of the old land, it seemed a scandal to Bay such things existed. But all the degradation, misery, and sin they found in the provincial towns at home was to be found here. There were homes in Sydney God save the mark-as immoral and pollu- ted as those in London, homes in which one family occupied one room, and he had it on the highest testimony that incest was common in Sydney. Young life had no charms in such slums and dens as they had in Sydney. Was there no remedy for the children ? Could they not be taken from tho hells the so-called homes ? The Buhoolship system was an excllent one, far better than sending lads into the crime polluted atmosphere of their gaols. Could not their legislators'he compelled to cease thoir " wordy wars or faction fights" and turn their attention to some means of saving the young life of this .city and of compelling them to build such houses as would render it possible to house the poor so horribly os to make the land reek with infamy, crowd the ranks of larrikin scoundrels and lead to young girls living in open sin ? Another aspect of the question was the master curso of drink. Let thom remember that that curse was licensed licensed to create crime and poverty, licen- sed to.create drunkards. Surely there must be some means of checking that master fiend of national degradation. He would cite one. Thirty years ago Sweden was a drunken nation, having the same crime and the same degradation as always follows Ruch a curse. But a simple change in the licensing laws transformed Sweden into a prosperous and clean nation. That change was the putting of the sale of drink in the hands of people not interested in its sale and utilising what- ever profits were made in public improve- ments. Other remedies abounded. Thoro was General Booth's scheme, and he wished it a success. General Booth recognised that there could be no permanent benefit which touched not the soul ot' the poor. A change of circumstances would do much for,a man, but to confer lasting benofit his heart must be changed and become filled with the Gos- pel of Jesus Christ. The one Gospel, and that alone, was a sure remedy. In all this trouble and poverty there were redeeming features, stray prophecies of a complete and possible redemption. The poor were kinder to each other than the rich, they were bound by stronger ties of sympathy ; their hearts responded more readily to generous impulses. They bad greater opportunities of helping each other, aud there were no,barriers of pride between them.. What was the fate of one to-day might be the fate of another to- morrow. In their sympathy they made common cause against a common enemy. But niter all the Gospel was the best remedy, for it inspired their hearts and led to their using whatever means they could employ to benefit the poor. All that they had was not theirs, but God's, and they must use it in His work. The Gospel.of Christ was the hope of the poor and the spring of all proper charity. By this Gospel 'chaos might bo changed to order, for in the Gos- pel was the hope of their society.-Daily Telegraph. '. We listened to a sermon a Sunday or two ago from ono of our ministers, in whioh soma plain things were said about tho givings of many prologu- ing Christians. The proauhcr did not hesitato to declare that while money did not constitute the highest power of ,tho churoh, tho want of it was oftentimes a source of considorablo' embarrassment and weakness, But it bas been resorvod for a Wesleyan minister in Viotorla to Bay tho straightest things we have hoard or read of ns coming from a Christian pulpit on the tender subject of monoy. This is how the said gentleman delivered himself : '? I know that there aro persons in this churoh this morning who ohen'fulJy gave five chillings to go to Sells' Circna, mit who dropped a paltry threepenny piece into the plate on Sunday, and part with that with a pang. I have, moreover, been told by thone who ard most interested in the mattor, that there are men in thia town who have stood in trades- men's booka for years past, and are likely to be for years to como, and who make no effort to pay their debt', but had the shameless impudence to appear at that cirous in reserved seats. I say this ia gros-ly immoral, and I maintain that the standard of com- mercial honesty in this town muat bo unspeakably low when nuoh despicable meanness oan thus lift up ita head. What right has any man to make his grocer or hia butoher pay hia admission to a plaoo of amusement ? This ie what it means. , . . There aro a nnmber of hnman parasites in this town who are simply living on Boolety. They seem to think that society owes them a living ; but I bold that they ought to bo Bmitten from tho body politic, degraded from citizenship, and deprived of ita rlghta. There aro men in this town who drink the be8t whiBky and smoke the beat cigars, and spend money in numberless ways upon them, selves, but who begrudge the smallest'contribution to'the causo; of Christ." The pity is that there should be any talk of this kind. But that the n* ceagity does exist is only too apparent,-TA« Metlwd Ut. ¿rjH.-j -.vu! 