Superstitious People. ' There in an ? interesting1 : paper , in Cftambers'it Journal ' upon ' Strange Dis eases and Strange Remedies ' as observed and practised in Ireland. Credulity and superstition are not . confined to the lower classes alone in Ireland. A story told me as an aotual'faot by an educated lady, the daughter and sister of a clergy ?nun minkt tru**r* nrnil tu» nianaArl ' ah ?-??* instance of botb. We ? were discussing the snbjeot of charms, and I was sur prised to see that she believed in them herself, as did also her reverend brother. ' I cannot doubt what I know to be true myself,' she said ; and told us the following tale, which I give in her own words: — 'There was a man in our village, a res|H»ctul-le shopkeeper, who was afflicted with an enormous tumour in his cheek. I well remember the feelings of iwe and curiosity with which I used to inspect his profile in church when I was a child. He sat a few pews in front of us, and I could not resist the temptation of watching him, halt through the service, and looking for the grotesque effects of his enormously exaggerated cheek. His infirmity seemed to increase with yearn, and the poor man was a friqhtful object. One day not long ago I passed a man in the village street. whose face 1 seemed to know, and yet I could not think of his name. It sud denly dawned upon me it was Mr ? without his swollen cheek 1 1 could hardly believe my Renses, and followed him into a shop on purpose to see if it really could be the man I had seen only the Sunday before, so marvellously changed in such a short time. Yes, it certainly was Mr ? . He addressed me first, saying, ' I suppose you hardly recognise me ;' and he then told me how he was cured. It was by a charm ! He was advised to go out the first night the new moon was visible, and after saying ' In the name of the Fath.ir, Son, and Holy Ghost,' .to wave a dinner-plate round bis head nine times towards the new moon. He did so ; and in the morning his tumour had completely dis appeared.' Such was the tale told to me and ituplicity believed in by an edu cated Irish lady. The lower orders of Irish are as a rule rather hypochondriacal, and they are fond of trying |-eculiar rnniprliita fnr t.hpii* HilmAnf.n A fnvmii.it.ci poultice for wounds is a parffin candle scraped and Rome cabbage, all boiled to gether. A simple but rather unpleasant remedy for a cut leg was recommended to an old man — it was to sit with his leg in a bog hole all night. This he tried with perfect snccesH. His leg got quite well; but, as he died of bronchitis a few days afterwards, he did not long enjoy his ' perfect cure.' A carpenter who in chopping wood had cut a Rlice off his Bhinbone with the hatchet, first applied a poultice of nettles and salt. This not healing it immediately, he put on a bandage snaked in Venice turpen tine. As the wound remained obstinate, and even got worse under his gentle treatment, he determined to be firm with it and show it he would stand no more nonsense ; so he burned it with blue stone ! He did not lose the leg, but did not recover until less heroic remedies were used. A poor man suffering from inflammation of the eye caused by a thorn, had hluextone blown in. He did 11'Ot; C11G OJTOt £X AClvVlBIAbi? IGlllCUJT &UI; every kind of internal pain is hot vinegar punch ; indeed, vinegar taken either cold or hot is considered almost a specific for everything. It must be comforting in some cases I It is much used for a ' squeeain ' on the heart,' which is the commenest complaint of all. They are a kindly and sympathetic race, always ready to help each other in cases of sickness, either with nursing or good advice, but I fear in most cases the remedies prescribed are far worse than the disease. A village tragedy occurred in ray own knowledge. A young black smith whose wife had presented him with their first baby was horrified to find that the infant had been born with teeth. So unusual an event must he unlucky ; so the poor baby's teeth were drawn by the unskilled hand of the blacksmith. The baby died ; and the mother, shocked and grieved by the scene, died soon after wards. 'But sure, he'd never have had luck or grace if them unlucky teeth hadn't been drew.' 