Traveller. Indian Ghost Charms. The dread of ghosts is common to all the aboriginal races of India, from whom it hbar been very generally adopted by their Aryan annquerors, and even by the lower elasses of Molhammedaus. All ghosts are believed to be misechievou*, and some of them bitterly malicious, and ath only way to oppose their rancor is to boilh shrines for them, end to make them cfIer ings of a fowl, a pig, or, on grand occasion, of a buffalo. Any severe illness, and mor ePoccially any epidemic disease, eouh a small-pox or cholera, is attributed to thb malignancy of these spirits, who must bt propitisted accerdingly. The man-tiger is, parhape, the most dreaded of all these demon ghosts; for wicn a tiger has Lilled a man, the tiger is etso?oed to lb tale from harm, as the spirit of the man rides upon his head, and keeps him cleor cf danger. Accordingly, it is believed that the only sure mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many people it to begin by making offerings to the spirits of his victims, thereby depriving him of their valuable services. The ghosts most easily propitiated are those who have met a violent or untimely death, whether by design or accident, in eluding poison and disease. Even women who die in childbirth or wretches who arc hanged for their crimes are believed to have the same powers of causing their evil to the living as those who have been killed by tigers, or by lightning, or by any other violent cause. All these deified spirits are often distinguished by some term denoting the manner of their drath; theeu, the goat of a man killhd by lightning is called the "Lightning (;Ghost," that of noe killed by a snake, the "' Soaae Ghost," and so on. The ghosts of women who die during childbirth are supposed to bh specially powerful and vindictive. Moet of the deceased pereons whose spirits are now worshiopped were the ancestors of reme of the rboriaines, and as General Cunnie'pham, the head of the areelcolozicel survey of India, says, their worship is generally local, and confined to the limits occupied by their reepective tribes. '.Ie ceremonies observed in propitiating the ghosts consiets mainly of the offering of goats, fowve, pids, flowers, or fruit, of the recitation of prayers, and the singing of certain mantras, or charms, the last being the most important of all. These charms, which are always sung by men at the dif. ferent shrines, are of two kinds-the "Sabare charms" and the "mystical in. cantations." The former are addressed to the deified ghlsts of the dead, the perform. ance being generally carried out in the country, or the place where the corpse was burned, and the latter are used for the pur. pose of compelling spirits to appear and re Seive the orders of the performer. 