'THBOUGH THICK AND THIF.' BY THE ATJTHOB OF - MY WIFE OR HIS. [all rights eeseeved.] CHAPTER 1I.-^Sir Paul Chesney, Babt. Marion's maid 'wondered a little at the expression of her young mistress's face as ehe looked musingly in the glass. She was usually bright and talkative : this evening she was silent and rather serious, and the girl could see that her thoughts were anywhere but with her toilette. ' Something has happened to- day,** the maid thought to herself. ' I wonder what it is — she has only been out with the master. Perhaps Sir Paul has proposed to her ; it is easy to see that he -Jotea on the very ground my young lady walks upon. I should like her to marry Sir PauL She looks just fit to be called ' my lady,' bless her!' A knock at the door broke in on the medi I tations of both mistress and maid. ' See who 'it is, Dallas,' Maribn said, rousing from her reverie.. Dallas was the name of her maid, and she had been taken to task by more than one of her aristocratic friends for using it. *' Make her call herself Smith, or some thing appropriate my dear,' one of them said to her. ' Dallas is such a ridicu lously good name for a servant.' 4- I can't call her anything else,' Marion replied ; ' her first name is the same as mine — Marion.' ' But she can fake some less important Bounding one than Dallas ; your father has friends of that name.' ' My maid has a right to her own name,' Marion replied quietly, and the subject was dropped ; the lady speaking of Miss Rivers afterwards as a young woman with very independent notions, and extremely carious ideas. Dallas heard somehow — servants do hear most things — of this little passage at arms, and she loved her young mistress all the more for her consideration. There was nothing she would not have done for the warm-hearted girl -who treated her as a friend, but who knew how to be a gentle and firm mistress as well. A servant was at the door with a lierht basket in her arms. ' With Sir Paul Chesney's compliments, and will Miss Rivers honor him by wearing them ?' was the message delivered, as if Sir Paul was an habitue of the house, and in the habit cf sending flowers or any thing- else he fancied to its young mistress. ' They're just lovely. Miss,' Dallas said as she brought them forward and placed them on a small table at her mistress's side, and, indeed, Bhe was right. Many a ballroom belle -would have given a good deal to have carried such a bouquet as lay there all fresh and dewy, looking as if hands had never touched the delicate blooms and the graceful fern sprays. Costly' an'd fragile-16dking~ brfehids formed the principal part of the group mixed with other rare and fragrant flowers, - and arranged beside the bouquet were sprays for the hair and corsage. Marion Rivers looked at them with a curious expression that was certainly not pleasure on her pretty face. ' They are just the thing for your dress, Miss,' Dallas said, and, indeed, the flowers must have been chosen to suit the pretty costume that was laid out waiting for its owner to put it on. '? How could Sir Paul know what I was going to wear ?' Marion said. ' Oh, dear, I dare Bay papa told him, and I never sent any message. Dallas, just call Mary, and tell her to go down and say that I am very much obliged to Sir Paul Chesney. She will find his man waiting.' Dallas -went, and her mistress looked . at the flowers with scornful eyes. ' You are very lovely,' she said, apos trophising the orchids ; ' but I should like to trample you all to pieces all the same — I should like to throw you behind the fire, into the dust heap — anything but wear you. It makes me feel as if a enake had been crawling over you when I remember that his hands have touched you.' Dallas came back, having delivered her message. ' It was Mr. Rivers, Miss, that told Sir Paul what you were going to wear,' she said. ' Haynes heard him, and he must have gone straight away and ordered these lovely flowers.' ' Then I wish he hadn'fc,' Marion said with a frown. . ' I meant to wear some thing quite different ; I hate orchids.' ' Oh Miss, they are lovely !' '** Under some circumstances they may be perhaps — I hate them to-night. I shall look like a Queen of the May with all that mass of flowers about me.' Mpthing could have been .in better taste or ; mere refined looking, but for reasons beBt known to herself Marion was dissatisfied with them, and wished they had not come. ' Sir Paul Chesney is too officious,' she said shortly, when Dallas had laid the flowers against her dress. ' But I suppose I must wear them — papa would like me to. He likes Sir Paul.' ' Sir Paul seems a very nic* gentleman, Miss.7' 'Seems — yes,*' said Marion, with a curious look on her face. 'Many men seem nice, Dallas, but you have to know them to find out wLat they are really like.' 'Yes, Miss, .and you do know Six Paul, iLa't you P' Dallas was a privileged person, and might talk pretty freely to ? her mistress, bat she felt it advisable to change the topic after this' speech. ,^t *' Yes,' Marion replied, 'I do know Sir Paul Chesney. Don't talk about him any more, please.' - - But she wore Ms flowers for all that, and went down to join her father with the bouquet in her hand and the other sprays arranged as they were intended to be, and looked bewitching in her graceful dress. They were bound for one of the best houses in the fashionable world on this particular evening, and the banker eyed his daughter critically when she came to frirn in the library to wait for the carriage. :..:...' ' Let me look at you, my darling,' JMr. Rivers said with a loving glance. ' I want, my little 'girl to look her very best to-night — -so ; that is charming ! Sir, Paul's flowers give just the right finishing touch to your costume.' ' I had half a mind not to wear them,' Marion said with a little pout j ' I did not ?want Sir Paul's flowers.'1 ' They are very beautiful, my dear, and it was very kind of hiin to take the trouble he did in selecting them— nothing could be in better taste.' ' I wish he would leave me to exercise my own taste sometimes. I shall hate flowers soon ; he sends me so many that I do not want.' ' My love, what a curious tone to use,'. Mr. Rivers said, and there was a disapprov ing ring in his voice that gave Marion a twinge of self-reproach. She knew that her father liked and trusted Sir Paul Chesney and she would not pain him. *' I am very naughty, I know, she said, ' but I had set my heart on wearing some thing else .in the way of ornament, and these flowers did not accord -with it ; that was all, you dear old daddy I' ' You are a spoiled child' Mr. Rivers said, bending, forward to kiss her, and avoiding crushing her flowers with the greatest care. ' I am glad you are not going to slight Sir Paul— he is my very good friend.' ' Yes, but I don't particularly want him for mine,' -was Marion's response, and again .a shadow passed over her father's face. ' I should be glad if you did, my dear,' was all he said ; but his daughter fancied that she neard him sigh. Thev drove off together, the banker somewhat - silent, as if he were turning some important matter over in his mind, and Marion troubled just a little — she hardly knew why — by the incident of the flowers and her father's evident approval of them. The drive was rather a long one, and after an unusual silence for her — for she was rather fond of talking when she got her father to herself— she said, sud denly — ' Papa, dear.' Mr. Rivers started — his reverie had not been the most pleasant in the world — and her voice broke in on it with something of relief. ' Yes, my darling — what is it?' ' What makes you so silent P' ' I was just going to ask you the same question.' ' Oh, I was thinking of a thousand things. I was wondering who would be there to-night, and wishing that something would ? ' ' Would what, little one ?' ' Would keep Sir Paul away.' Again the shadow crossed her father's face, and Marion wished she had not given utterance to her feelings. «» Why do you like him so, papa ?' she asked. ' That is a difficult question to answer, my dear. . Why do people like each other P I think there are very few people in society who dot not like Sir PauL I hope you are not one of the few.' 'lam afraid I am, papa.' ' But why, dear P He is a gentleman, and, so far as I have seen, his manner to you is most chivalrous. Try and like him, dear, for my sake, if you can.' ' I am afraid I cannot, dear ; but I will not snub him if it worries you. I will thank him for his flowers, like the hypo crite I am, and I will give him a dance or two, perhaps. And I hope, with all my heart, that he won't be there,' she added to herself. ' I hope he will get upset or rolled 'in the dust, or that something dreadfully important will happen to keep him away. Business matters do turn up at night sometimes. I have heard papa make the excuse often enough.' Any one knowing Sir Paul Chesney as he appeared in society would have found it difficult to guess at tbe reason of any young girl's dislike to him. He was a perfect gentleman in manners, and as handsome a man as ever danced in a ball room or made his bow to his sovereign. He was of high descent- — the Chesneys came of a long line of ancestors. Chesney Grange had kept its name and its owners in an unbroken line since the days of the Tudors, and it was one of Sir Paul's boasts that it had never harbored a fugitive king or stabled the horses of the armies of the Commonwealth. ' It is really a distinction to have had nothing to do with either side,' he said. ' Every house of any antiquity claims to have sheltered royalists or suffered at the hands of Cromwell's undignified heroes — the Grange has a clean record, and can only boast of an unblemished reputation. We have not even a family ghost— none of our visitors have ever been disturbed by phantom ladies wringing their hands or, visionary boys asking to have Christian burial for their forgotten boneB. You will be safe from any fright here, Miss Rivers.' This had been said to Marion when she was at Chesney Grange with her father, and was charmed with the fine old place so beautifully kept, and she had seemed to like Sir Paul as much as ahe did his house, but Mr. Rivers had been not a little puzzled by her bidding him the coldest possible farewell -when the time came for them to leave. Up to the night before she had appeared to enjoy bis society, and their intercourse, until they had gone to dress for dinner, had' seemed pleasant -enoughs Sir Paul- was... called . out -for; something afterwards, and was not much, in the drawing-room j and Marion saw no more of him that evening* and in the morning her manner to him was frigidity itself. Since then she had not seemed to care for his society at all. Her father asked her one daj if Sir Paul had ever 'done or said anything to offend her, and she stared at him with wide open eyes. -( ]^ever,' ' she replied. «. He is ?alwajm perfectly polite to me?' * He* was looking oujF^or them when they arrived at Torrance House, the residence of the Earl, of Chacewater, whose countess was the giver of the entertainment, and he took her hand with an air of right that always annoyed her. ^ He would not be snubbed, do what she would. ' I was getting desperate,' he said. ' You are late.' ' Not very, I think,' she replied, cling ing to her father's arm, very much afraid that he would give her up to Sir Paul. 'You are wearing my ^flowers,' he said in a low tone. ' How shall I thank you?' : ' I am wearing them to please papa,' she replied, coldly. ' I knew it would please him if I did so. I beg your pardon,' she added hastily, seeing the quick blood flush into his face* ' It was very rude of me to' say that. They are very lovely, Sir Paul, and it was very kind of you to send them.' It was not much, but it was something. A bone thrown to a dog is a bone even if there is nothing on it; and he loved her, this man of the world, with a passion that surprised himself He was twice her age j he had love affairs by the dozen. He could have stretched out his hand and beckoned to the fairest and wealthiest of the girls of the world in which he moved. There -were mothers who would have, gone down on their knees and thanked him with all their hearts had he taken a daughter of theirs; and he had passed them all by and turned to this nobody — this child of a man, who, a dozen years ago, thought a house in the suburbs and a one-horse brougham luxury, and who had no ancestors to speak of — common people at best if they ever existed, yeomen and tillers of the ground, when the forbears of the Chesneys were fighting as became gentlefolks. Sir Paul told himself that he was be witched — that he must be under some spelL But from . the first moment of his acquaintance with Marion's father he had made ap his mind to have the grave, shy, little girl for his wife. She had blossomed - out into a fascinating' -woman, who held him in thrall till he could have done' any-' thing for her sweet sake — given up any thing almost. There were passages in his life of which he thought with a wince whenever her .pure innocence rose before his mind. But if she would only marry him— and she would in time — he would be all that a husband should be to her ;' all that man ever could be to the woman he adored. Marion was surrounded, as soon as she entered tbe ballroom, but Sir Paul pos sessed himself of her card. ' How many P' he asked her in a low tone. He marked two — he would not monopo lise her — and perhaps he should get her to sit out one of them ; and then he saw her whirled off to waltz with ' a hideous giant in uniform,' as he described to himself the elegant young guardsman who had been fortunate enough to secure the first dance. His turn came presently, and he claimed her. ' Have you energy enough for the lancers P' he asked her, hoping she would say no. She was tired, but she had no in tention of Bitting out with him, and Bhe' ex- pressed herself ready to dance all the rest of the evening. During the dance some thing in the music sent her thoughts wan dering, and Sir Paul saw a dreamy odd expression come into her face. ?' You are a long way off,' he said, as their hands touched presently, and she came back with a start and said ' Yes.' ' Would it be rude to ask where P' ' Not at alL I was at Chesney Grange.' ' My house is honored. I am rejoiced to think it has pleasant memories for you.' ' I said nothing about anything pleasant. I was not in the house exactly; I was thinking of the -wood.' ' ' What about it ? Is it pretty ?' ' Very pretty ; I was thinking of it as it looked the night before papa and I left ; I can see it now with the moonlight glint ing through the trees.' ' You were in the wood that night P Whereabouts ? — what time ?' ' I think it was about 10 ; we had all the windows opened in the drawing-rooms and I slipped out ; I don't think anyone missed me ; you were out and it was rather doll. I only went as far as the hermitage. Don't tell papa that I am given to .such escapades, please, or he will send me back to the nursery. You look tired, Sir Paul ; you are quite pale. I am in better condi tion than you are after all.' (to be conhndbd.) [On Saturday next, August 13, -will appear .the next of the recollections of a lady detective, entitled ' Maimed for life.'] Mother (to small son going to the country} : '' Frank, have you taken everything you will need ?' Frank : ' Yes, mother.' Mother : 'Have you your toothbrush?' Frank (very indignantly) : ' Toothbrush I Why, I thought I was going away for a holiday.' Lawyer: 'Yom claim that you were insane when you proposed to her P' Defendant : ' Yes. sirs.' 'Can you prove it?' 'Yes, sir.** 'HowP' ' By producing the plaintiff in court, and letting the jury look at her. A Bad-looking man went into a chemist' e, ' Can you give me,' he asked, ' something that will drive from my mind the thought of sorrow and bitter recollection?' And the druggist nodded, and put., him. up a little dose of quinine and wormwood, and rhubarb, and IJJpsom salts, and a dash of castor oil; and.gave it to him ; and for six months the man could not think of any thing in the world: except new schemes for get* ting thetasteoutof bism»uth. ' ?. 