Looal and General. ODE NEW TAXE.—In to-day's issue we present to our readers the first instalment of our ' new serial tale " Lady •Verner'a Flight," afor sole right of publication of which in this colony we 'rijady^Tenier'e JFilightV «is iy^Mis. Htingerford, an atdiiorees, as well known! as appreciated throughottt the Englishspeaking world. Many of Mrs. Hun^et- l ford's books, whioh included ench writings as "Molly Bawn," " AiryFairy Lilian," "A Born Coquette," etc., have afforded unqualified pleasure to thousands, and the tale, now first published here, may confidently be. asserted to. be .equal. -lf not superior to any of its jprecedassois.. The 3>est advice wa can giva ta .' -Bead it > . .A CCIDKHT u MESSES . Itoua Bnos. Avusr. —On Saturday last, whilst a nan named Jones Was assisting to lift the wheel of .a lomr which fcad become embedded in the thick mnd at the many, fa* hid husband Severely torn. Drj op the wonndand the Sufferer is |ilciftinMitnasf*v<«rablya«CBnbeexpeoted. t c DICKERS' CHBISTMAS CABOL.—An enjoyable evening was sp> nt at the Congregational Halt, i Parramatta, on Wednesday evening last on tbe occasion ct tbe recital of Dickens' Christmas Carol by the Rev. Joseph Parker, tbe talented and energetic pastor ofthe North Shore Congregational Church. There being several counter attractions in tbe town, the attendance was not so large as it otherwise wonld have been. Tbe Rev. John Bennett presided, and 1 in a few appropriate remarks introduced Mr. Parker to the audience. From start to finish, ; Mr. Parker kept the interest of his audience, and the admirable manner in which he imitated both the form and voice of tbe leading character of the piece, the greedy,, grasping old! Scrooge, ; was much enjoyedand highly appreciated. The descriptions of tbe variouB scenes to which Scrooge was introduced by the Ghosts of "Christmas Past," "Christmas Present/* and "Christmas Yet to Come," were faithfully pourtteyed by the reciter each being fcllowed by the hearty applause of- those present.. At the conclusion of tbe recital, which occupied one hour and forty minutes, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr, Parker for tbe treat he had given, on tbe motion of Mr. liioe, seconded by Mr. C. W. Mills. In responding, Mr. Parker explained tbat bis chief reason for giving these recitals was to assist in reducing the enormous debt on his church at North Shore,, which now amounted to £3500, £1600 of which bad been incurred by an unfortunate law suit. He had determined to assist his congregation, and so far his- services have been successful. His arrangement was to-give one. half of the proceeds to the ohnrch under whose auspices the recital was held, and he took tbe remainder for the object he had st heart. His highest ambition was to see his church rid of the cumbersome debt. TUB P.E.O. REGATTA.—The Parramatta Rowing Clnb Regatta, originally fixed for last Saturday afternoon, is to come off this {Saturday) afternoon. As before said, tbe programme includes a number of items which are likely to produce interesting and exciting contests. The officers—despite their busy times lately, owing to Rose Show necessities,—have perfected all arrangements, and the trnms leaving town at 2 p.m. for the aquatic arena, should be well patronised. A SrfiANOE WILL CASB.—Mr. Justice Manning, sitting in Probate Jurisdiction, was engaged on Thursday in bearing a will case, in which an alleged executor is required to prove the execution of a will. The Curator of Intestate Estates has put in a claim to the estate. The will in question is alleged to have been made by a Mrs. Cowell. She wae possessed of a considerable amount of property, and search was made after her death for a will, and two " wills" were found, one being secreted in the back of an armchair, and the other in a secret drawer in a secretaire. One " will"—that found in the armchair—proved to bB informal. The discovery of the other was ascribed to a dream which the young woman who found the will had had. It turned out that she was a beneficiary to the extent of £400 under the will which Bhe had discovered. The dreamer was called into court, but unfortunately she bad had a severe attack ofillnees, since Bbe had the dream, and this had seemingly deprived her of the power of describing in detail her mysterious vision. She was very firm in her conviction that she had had a dream ; but beyond making a positive assertion to that effect she would not go. It WSB evident to all tbat the dreamer hud suffered and was suffering severely in health. The hearing of the matter was resumed on Friday. FBCIT EXPOBT MATTERS.—Mr. C Beresford Cairnes, President of the Fruitgrowers' Union of N.S.W., received a visit this week from Mr. J. M. Jacob (of tbe firm of Jacob, Garcia and Co., London; and Simons, Jacob and Co., of Glasgow). Mr. Jacob spoke hopefully of fruit export possibilities; and grew almost enthusiastic over the quality of Bome lemons which had been preserved by Mr. Cairnes as an experiment. Tbe lemons were pronounced to be equal to the best Iruit of the kind ever sent to London. Mr. Cairnes considers the remark to apply more pa tbe methods, adopted by himself, of taking the fruit from the tree carefully, and of preparing it for export. With reference to late advices from London, it may be said that Mr. F. Waddell of GilBton obtained good prices (9s 9d to lis 6i) for the fruit in his late consignments by s. s. Orizaba. Mr. W. Johns, Kurrajong, went better still, in fact topped the liBt, with 17s. There appears to be a decided favonrable movement in fruit export matters SB connected with next season. CONGREGATIONAL CHUXCH PAEBAMATTA.—On Sunday last the Rev. Henry Gainford, son of the late Rev. Thomas Gainford who was for so many years minister of the Mariners Church Sydney, preached in the Parramatta Congregational Church both morning and evening. Mr. Gainford has just returned from a tour round the world, which he entered upon directly after completing his course of training. His sermons on Sunday last were much enjoyed by those in attendance. C.K.T.S.—There was a packed house " at St. John's schoolroom on Wednesday last, when an entertainment was presented in connection with St. John's Juvenile Branch of the C.E.T.S. The Venerable Archdeacon Gunther presided, and, after offering up prayer, made some introductory remarks. Then •* The Gleaners," an attractive march and aoog entertainment, was performed by some 20 little girls, who had evidently been drilled with much trouble and perseverance, and who did their work' remarkably well, Mr. George Weeks acting as conductor, and Miss Blanche Taylor as accompanist.—Subsequently, the Service of Song, " Alone in London,'' was rendered in excellent style. Archdeacon Gunther, before the close of tbe entertainment, bore testimony to the zealous and self-denying efforts of Mr. George Weeks, upon whose shoulders tbe larger share of tbe burden of promoting the affair had fallen. Mr. Percy Purnell did good service at the organ. DEITK OF MB. H. JEFFEEY.—On Sunday last about noonM. Harvey Jeffery breathed his last in St Vincent's Hospital, Sydney, after a lingering illness. For some years the deceased followed the profession of teacher of mUBic in Parramatta, and he was at all times ready to lend a helping hand for a good cause. Barely two years ago he married the second daughter of Mr. Jlamos Watsford, station master, hut the union was a short one, as Mrs. Jeffery died in February of this year. The funeral of Mr. Jeffleiy took place on Tuesday morning, the cortege leaving the residence of his^brother (Mr. Harold Jeffery), at Newtown at 9 a.m., and proceeded thence to the Necropolis, the principal mourners being Mr. Harold Jeffery, Mr. and Master Watsford,. Messrs. L. W. Teogood and J. Button. • ST. AHDBEW'S.—'The Bev. J. W. Inglis will preach as itBoal at both services, taking for hi» theme In the morning*' Humanity," and in the evening, " Peter " The usual monthly service .will be held in the Town 'Hall, Dnndas, at 3 o'clock, when Mr. Inglis will preach on " Joseph and hie Brethren." As the subject is one peculiarly adapted to young men, they are cordially invited.. The evening service begins ait a quarter past seven o'clock. C, B.y L. -airo l. Co. (Lro.).—Tbe general ahstraot, showing the average ainoont of-the ind assets of the Cumberland Builditag, Land and Investment Company, taken from the several weekly.statements during the quarter ending September 3't, 1S92, appeared in the Gazette of Friday last, and was BB follows :— Liabilities: Balances due to other hanks, £19871 8s 8d; deposits, bearing interest, £5874 14s 4d; all other liabilities, £207 B 19s Id; total amount of liabilities, £25,957 '2s Id. AsseU: Landed property, £26,086 12s 7d; hotel and hills of other banks, £100: amount of all debts due to the Company, in. eluding notes, bills oT exohangej &nd; all stock and funded debts of every description/except - ing notes, bills and balances dne to the mid Cotepaby from tilher banks. £25,626 13s 84 ; G amount of .assets, £50.782 6s Id; amount stock paid np. £26:095. . j PABBAUATTA AND Disrater U.F.S. MEDICAL ANn DISPENSING INBTITUIB.—The first monthly meeting of tbe Board of Management held under the new rules took phiee on Thursday evening last in tbe ParramatYk School of Arts. Members present: Mr. Mortisae? (in tbe chair), Messrs. J. Dellow, J. Saunders, B.U. Bartlett A. Smith, 3. C. Vivyen, Samuel'Thomas, Jas. Tetter, W. 8. Farquhar, F. A. Pulley, L. W. Tooeood, 3. Paul, J. Datton, Alf. Walker, S. J. Woods, J'. Dickson, A. Luknr, Jv Firbank, N. 3»rby, and J. Button (secretary). The minutes of the last meeting were read> and confirmed, CorrespondenceWAB received ond dealt with. An invitation having been received from tbe Newtown Dispensary Board for tbe President and Secretary to attend aCosferenee to consider a scheme for the better protection of F.S. DispeDBary Management against any action at law, the Erecutiye reported thatrtfuey had accepted 1 the same. Accounts amounting to £69 lls&d; were passed for payment. Tbe report of the Executive for the month was received and adopted. The secretary reported the membership to be 1333 on the 16th instant, as Hgainst 1327 on the same day of the previous month. A return from the dispenser for the period from Oct. l&tb; to Nov. 14th, both days inclusive, showed tbat 2037 prescriptions had been dispensed, being a daily average of almost 66\. A committee was appointed to make enquiries as to a suitable room in which to hold 'the Board meetings- Da. J. KBARNBY will reside at the late Dr. Pringle's residence, George-street, Parramatta, ' on and after 1st December next. THE ROSE SBOW.—The prize winners atthe ; Rose Show other than thoselmentioned elsewhere 'were — Gentlemen's Bouquets, Miss L. Fairclongh 1, Miss Sheather2; Sprays, Mrs. Richards 1, Mr. Eury 2. LADY VERNER'S FLIGHT. — Com- mences to-day, on Page 2. MR. JAMES GOULD. — We regret to announce the death of Mr. James Gould, of Wentworth- street, which occurred early on Friday morning. Mr. Gould had been a resident of Parramatta for a number of years, and at the time of his decease was 67 years of age. He was of an essentially retiring disposition and never took part prominently in public matters ; but his kindly, unassuming manner made him gene- rally liked. Mr. Gould was at one time in an extensive way of business in the crockery line in George-street, Sydney, and for years after his arrival in Parramatta he acted as the local repre- sentative of Messrs. Oatley and Cahill. He was also at one time connected with the furniture establishment of Mr. F. A. Abbott. Mr. Gould leaves a widow (a sister of Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.L.A., and of Mr. John Taylor), but no child- ren. The funeral will take place at 3.30 o'clock this afternoon. PAIN TUNC THE " NOBTH END."—A young man well known in Parramatta North mad" things up that way wear a ruddy Aspect the other day. According to what is told, he (after having had a row with another member of nis family) paid a visit to a grocery store, not far from the R. C. Cemetery. He talked big; and exhibited a revolver. One of the shopmen disappeared without further adto (possibly to ra'ly up a crowd to share in the enjoyment of the fun; probably otherwise). The second man was in an awkward corner, so he had to make the best of the gloomy aspect things were wearing, and have resource to diplomacy. The individual with the gun, instead of consenting to be mollified, threatened to grow worse, and "break things." He swung the fire arm around and discharged it (either accidentally orby design) one or more times. One of the bullets iB said to have gone through the door of the shop. The hearty young merry-maker continued to " play up " in the vicinity of the shop for a time, drawing tho attention of the neighbourhood, and at last even being tbe means of attracting a constable. Before the representative of law and order had quite time to re*ch the spot, however, the gay warrior disappeared. He is expected to make bis bow before tbe Parramatta Police Court Bench—to answer a complaint as to the act of discharging firearms-ron the 23rd inst. THE " CBVNTV" CBICKET ASSOCIATION.—We understand that the team to represent Parramatta and' Central Cumberland, at Newcastle, on the 7th prox., is to be picked on Monday the 21st. inst., when also the rules of the new Association will probably be drafted. COKCEBT' AND SOCIAL.—A conceit and social in aid of St. Monica'a Church, Parramatta North, will take place on Thursday evening, 24th inst. Miss Josephine O'Reilly and Mr. John Collins are announced as intending to take part in the concert, and the music for the '* after meeting " will (according to eht information in the advt.lbe AL. CBICKET FIXTCBB.—The Independents play the Liverpool C.C. at Parramatta to-day (Saturday) when the local team is expected to comprise, Cairns. Ellis, Larcombe, CleuenB, llobilliard, Luoas, Fraser, Carroll, Smailes, Sorlie, and Marcroft. IMPORTANT SALE or VALUABLE PBOPERTIES.— On Monday next Messrs. John Taylor and Co. will sell by poblc auction at their rooms Churchstreet, Parramatta, valuable properties situate at Parramatta,, Auburn, and Guildford, by order of the Executors in the'e-tate of the late Mr' Thos. Ramlrngs. The allotments are all in good ositions and have large frontages. On the same Say tbe firm will also offer for sale the well-known summer trait orchard of Mr. M. Reddan's Kellyville. The orchard has a frontage to the Windsor-read and ia near a never-failing creek of fresh water. The sale will commence at 11 o'clock. EVANOESISTIC SERVICES.—Mt\ Arthur Elein, the English Evangelist, is Announced to preach sgain in Parramatta next Sunday. After a successful mission in Melbourne, where the Theatre Royal was pocked to the doors, Mr. Klein is returning to us to have one more good-bye preaching in Parramatta before leaving Australia. In consequence of the Town Hall being engaged, the meetings will be held in the hall known as The Barn, Western Boad, near Church-street, which will be snpplied with extra seats. We might ; remind our readess that the last time Mr. Klein preached in Parramatta the Town Hall was crowded out. and many had to be turned away; those, therefore, who are desirous of hearing him should go in good time. NBUBALGU..—Doyle's Powders give instantaneous relief in all affections of ear, head, and face.—^ee advertisement. IMPORTANT SALE OF HOUSEHOLD FOBNUUBE.— AB will be seen from onradvertisingcolumns, Mr. Jno. Overton will Bell on the premises, Northam Ville, Macquarie-street, on Monday nextthewhole of the choice furniture and effects. Catalogues hare been prepared and may be had from the auctioneer. EXHIBITS FOB THE WORLD'S FAIR AT CHIC AGOI—Under the supervision of the Government Printer, Mr. Charles Potter, there has been pro. pared a very large and very beautiful collection of exhibits, numbering nearly 703, which will shortly be forwarded to Chicago to the Columbian Exhibition. The collection includes Photographic Enlargements, specimens of stereotyping, of elcctrotyping, and of printing and bookbinding,which will be on view in the Exhibition Building, Sydney, from the 19th to the 23rd instant, free of charge. PBOPEBTT SALS.—In another column will be found a list of properties to be disposed of on Saturday next by Messrs. Ferris and Co. ,at their Booms, Church-street, Parramatta. ST. LUEE'S.—At St. Luke's Church Parramatta North, Mr. a. Mills Taylor wil preach on Sunday evening next. His subject will be " Our Natural State." 