THE BOLTON SQTJAES TRAGEDY. ? « ? ? [_Br 3ohu K.. Lets.J [All Eights Keserved.J (Commenced in the Evening News on Tuesday. April 12.» CH 4.PTER XIV.— A Council of Was. As Mr. Jenner handed Dora into the cab tl' at was waiting, iie was horribly afraid that she would have a fit of hysterics, or that she would faint, on the way home. But he was mistaken. For a time, indeed, the tears would come ; but presently they ceased ; and for the rest of the drive (which was not a long one) the girl sat beside her comoanion in perfect silence. ' Will you be good enough to come in side ?' she said to the solicitor, when they arrived in Shrewsbury Crescent. ' I want to speak to you for a few minutes.' ' This is a remarkable girl,' thought Mr. Jenuer to himself. ' Very few women could have held their tongues for a quarter or an hour before beginning a conversation, as this one has done.' He followed Dora upstairs. The draw ing-room was empty. Dora offered her companion a chair, and then seated herself, ?without reporting herself to Mrs. Fairfield or even taking ofr! her hat. ' Did you notice Captain Everett's face, 3Ir. Jenner, when I asked him. whether he did not suspect anybody of the murder of Lt. Redfern?' ' Yes, I did,' said the lawyer. ' Ha evidently suspects someone ; but I doubt whether we should attach much import ance to that.' ' Mr. Jenner,' said the girl, laying her clenched had on the table before her ; ' we must carry the war into the enemy's camp. Ivobody can believe that Dr. Redfern poisoned himself. If we cculd find 'out the guilty man, we should be able to clear Captain Everett.' ' But how is that possible ?' ' We must find out, in the first place, ivho could have dropped the poiBon into the doctor's coffee.' ' But, my dear madam, it seems that no one had the opportunity of doing it.' ' I am not so sure of that,' answered Dora. ' Think a moment. The butler might possibly have done it.' ' Quite true. But did the man know Trliere the poison was kept?' ' That is what we have to find out,' said Dora. ' At any rate -we Bee now j that one other person besides Captain 1 Everett might have done it. Then there is the doctor, Dr. Davis ? ' and as Dora S said these last words, she trembled slightly. ' I believe he was the man Captain Everett had in his mind.' ' I Bhould think you are right,' said Mr. Jenner slowly, ' but, even supposing that 3)r. Davis had an opportunity of adminis tering the poison, I cannot imagine what tc.oti.ve he could have had for such a deed.' ' Should we not try to find out ? Are there not men who make it their business to discover things of this kind ?' . ' Yes ; but I should not advise you to ; trust much to their help.' i ' Then we ?will do without them,*' re I plied Dora. ' Is it not possible that some I one besides Dr. Davis and the butler may P be guilty?'. I '? Who were in the house at the time ?' I asked the lawyer. ! ' Mrs. Redfern, her son, Mr. Prescott, and ! Siiss Dangerfield.' ? ' Had any of those persona an interest iii jlji. xteaiem s will f ' I believe not,' ' Or any grudge against him P' ' Not that I know of.' ' !Now that is the point to which we should direct our attention,' said the lawyer, with, more earnestness than he had yet shown. ' Who can tell us, in detail, the relations under which Dr. Redfern lived with his family ?' ' Mrs. Redfern qould do that best,' answered Dora ; ' and she is not at all a reserved woman — rather the other way.' ' Then you. roust try to learn something from her. Try to epeak of the matter in such a way as that she may tell you natur ally everything about the family and their relations to ' one another. We want to know who 'was, in secret, the doctor's enemy. Unless the poison was really an accident, an enemy he must have had ; and it is our business to find him.' ' We may leave Mrs. Redfern, and her son, and Miss Dangerfield out of account,' Eaid Dora, thoughtfully ; ' for none of them had the opportunity of committing the crime. The butler swore positively at tie inquest that he took the coffee into the library after Captain Everett arrived. If one of them had entered the room while Captain Everett was there, he would, of course, have noticed it.' ' That applies to Dr. Davis as well as to the others,' said the solicitor. ' True,' replied Dora ; ' but, supposing that Dr. Redfern did not drink the coffee until after Captain Everett left him, Dr. Davis certainly had an opportunity of tam pering with it. We know that Dr. Redfern 'went to the hall door with his nephew. Sow, no one could have crossed the hall into the surgery without attracting Dr. fredfern'e notice as he stood at the hall door. But there was ample time, while Br. Redfern was letting Captain Everett out, for Dr. Davis to slip into the library, through the door which opens into it from the surgery, and drop the drug into the coffee.' Mr. Jenner did not answer immediately. He was turning over the- matter in Hs mind ; and it certainly seemed to him that the girl had drawn her inferences correctly. But there was one other suppo sition. ' Is it not possible,' asked the lawyer — ' remember I am only putting this for the sake of the argument, to exhaust all the possibilities — is it not possible that one of the family, or a stranger for that matter, should have bribed the butler to poison his master ?' ' I think not,' said Dora, after a little leflection. ' Bankes has been in the family many years, and has, I believe, saved some money. We might suppose him capable ?jf murdering his master from spite or ill ?will — although that is almost incrodible —but to imagine that he should do such a thing for the sake of a bribe iB really ^surd. It would have been quite against *iB own interest to do so.' 'In that case,' said the solicitor, speftk . . iv .,mmA aa.r ?* ing very gravely ' ' I think our inquiries should be directed toward Dr. Davies. You must find out all you can concerning him from Mrs. Redfern. It is an unpleasant task, but I see no other way of learning what we want to know. We -wish, to know particularly whether there had been any thing like a quarrel between him and his employer ; whether there was any profes sional j ealousy between them ; whether ? Dr. Redfern stood in his assistant's way in any respect. You understand?' ' I quite understand,' answered Dora. ' The thing must be done, and I will do it. There is one thing I ought to mention, perhaps,'1 ehe added with a little blush ; ' Dr. Davis is, or was, I believe, very strongly attached to Miss Dangerfield.' ' Miss Dangerfield resides in the house, I think you said ?' ' Yes ; she is Dr. Redfcrn's ward.' ' Did Dr. Redfern favor his suit?' ' I cannot telL' ' Then it is possible that Dr. Redfern stood very much in Dr. Davis's way in the matter?' Dora shuddered. 'It is dreadful to think that anyone could take away another's life from such a motive,' ehe said, as if speaking to herself. 'You are going too fast,' replied Mr. Jenner, rising as he spoke. ' Remember it is still my opinion that Dr. Kedfern poisoned himself by mistake.' Dora shook her head. ' He may have intended to take a little of the drug medicinally, and he may have taken too much by accident,' persisted the lawyer, ' I think the doctors all said at the in quest that the drug was newly discovered, and that it was not known to have any medicinal properties,' answered Dora. ' Well, we will follow the line we have marked out for ourselves. And there is one other thing I can do. I will engage a man, a private detective, to make friends with Bankes, if he can, to try to learn something frnm him.' With these words the solicitor took his leave, and without even waiting for a few moments' rest, Dora set out to call on Mrs. Redfern. CHAPTER XV.— A New Suspicion. When Dora Tremayno reached Mrs. Red fern's drawing-room, Miss Dangerfield was curled up on one of the couches read ing a novel. Dora went forward and greeted Mrs. Redfern, and then went up to Olivia, offering her hand. Miss Danger iield extended her fingers with a patronis ing air, but without taking the trouble of altering her position in the slightest. Dora feared that her visit would be thrown away. It would ba impossible to speak with any freedom to Mrs. Redfern while Olivia sat by listening. ' Isn't this a dreadful thing, Miss Tre mayne, about Captain Everett ?' said the widow, almost before the visitor had taken her seat. ' I almost think it is worse than my poor husband's death — more shocking. It makes everybody talk of us, and in such an unpleasant way.' Dora listened in. amazement. It was im possible for her to understand Mrs. Red fern's way of looking at things. The widow seemed to be heartless more from stupidity than from, any positive badness of disposition ; or rather, she had too little sense to avoid exhibiting to the whole world how small, was the capability of feeling with which she was endowed. ' What su rprises me,' said Dora, when she had stea died her voice so as to be able to speak without showing her emotion, ' what surprises me is that anyone who knows Captain Everett should ever for one moment imagine that he is capable of such a crime. Perhaps I ought to tell you,' sho added, with a certain pride in her tone. ' that Captain Everett and I are engaged. ' What do you say ?' screamed Mrs. Redfern. ' Engaged to him ! Poor thing ; I am so eorry for you I But of course you will break it off at once.' ' I have no desire to break the engage ment,' said Dora, quietly. At this point Miss Dangerfield rose, yawned ostentatiously, went over to a table where some magazines were lying, turned them over, selected one, and, with out troubling herself to bestow a parting look at Mrs. Redfern's visitor, slowly went out of the room. ' Why does Miss Dangerfield dislike me so, Mrs. Redfern ?' asked Dora, glad of an excuse for changing the subject. The widow gave a sharp glance at the door of the room, to make sure that it was properly closed before she answered. ' Well, I have sometimes thought that she had a pongshong for your beau,' she answered, with a little nod. (Mrs. Red fern was very fond of using a French word now and then, when she fancied she could do so with impunity). Dora opened her eyes. ' My dear Mrs. Redfern, I am bo sorry to hear this. I do hope you are wrong.' ' I don't think I am.' ' I had no idea of such a thing. On the contrary, x nave xancied. sometimes that there -was something between her and Dr. Davis.' ** Only, on one side,' answered Mrs. Bed fern with another sagacious nod. ' Be tween ourselves, I think he is a very good match for Olivia j but she insists on turn ing up her nose at him.' ' So Dr. Redfern can hardly have stood in his assistant's way in the matter,' thought Dora to herself. 'Dr. Davis is still staying here, I suppose,' she added aloud for want of something better to eay. ' Oh, yes ; it was necessary that the practice should be kept together. I fancy that Mr. Payne — my poor husband's execu tor, you know — will make an arrangement to sell the practice right out to him. After all, he knows the patients, and a stranger might have a difficulty in reaching them, as there would be no one to introduce him personally. But it -would not have been my husband's wish that Dr. Davis should succeed him.' Dora had hardly been listening to the widow's talk. She had been thinking how baseless the idea had been which suggested that Dr. Davis could have any interest in causing the death of his employer, and wondering in what other quarter she was to seek a clue to the mystery, when .she found that Mrs. Kedfern was pausing for a reply. Almost mechanically she repeated the widow's last words in the form of a question. « Ok, Dr. Reafern did' not intend that; Dr. Davis should succeed to his practice?'? ' Certainly not. The fact is my dear Mies Tremayne, ? my husband did not par ticularly like Dr. Davis. He said he was shallow and conceited, and xather shirked the work; and he had. made up his mind to get rid of him and engage another as sistant.' Dora was fairly startled by these words. She had been a moment ago forced to con fess to herself that her suspicons of Hi. Davis were utterly groundless ; and sud denly it appeared that he had a motive, and a tolerably Btrong one, for desiring 'Dr. Redfern's death. She was so surprised that she started visibly and gave a little cry. ' What is it? Is anything the matter?' asked Mrs. Redfern. 'Oh, nothing. I have been so nerv ous, lately, that I often start at nothing at all.' ' I can sympathise with you. I am sure. Miss Tremayne. When I was engaged to my poor dear Tom — my first husband^ you know — he -was ill for three weeks with small-pox. It was nothing like so bad as your trouble, I know ; yet I am so deli cate, and sympathetic, the doctors called it, that the least thing upset me.' Mrs. Redfern's sympathy was like salt laid upon an open wound ; but Dora managed to hide her feelings, and even to produce something like the ghost of a smile* ' Some one said at the inquest that Dr. Redfern worked too hard,' she remarkad, after, a pause. '*. Not so very hard, not so as to hurt his health,' returned the widow. ' But it -was not Davis's fault if he did not,' she added, almost spitefully. 'Davis did nothing like his share of the work, or just hurried it over. That was why my poor husband wanted to get rid of him.' ' It would have been a bad thing for Dr. Davis if he had been sent away.' ' Of course it would. Especially as there was a great attraction here in the shape of ? ' and. Mrs. Redfern glanced in the direction of the ceiling to indicate Miss Dangerfield. ' Do you think,' began Dora — it was a great risk to put with the question, but there was no alternative — ' do you think Dr. Redfern actually gave Dr. Davis notice to leave ?' ' I'm sure I don't know,' returned the widow. ' He may have done so ; but I almost think he would have mentioned it to me if he had. It is a month or six weeks since he spoko of it.' Dora was afraid to push the matter farther. She changed the subject, and began to speak of the becoming character of Mrs. Redfern's costume ; and -when that matter had been sufficiently discussed, she brought her visit to a close. The next step was evidently to ascertain whether Dr. Davis was under notice to-j leave at the time of Dr. Redfern's. death or not. How -was this to be done ? To inter rogate Luke Davis himself was out of the question. Sho wrote, however, to Mr. Jen ner, and the lawyer answered her letter in person. When Mr. Jenner heard what Dora had to tell he looked very grave, and did not reply for some seconds. ' You have learned something too, Mr. Jenner,' said Dora. 'I see it in your face.' ' I have,' he replied, ' and my informa tion corroborates yours. I engaged. a. very sharp fellow to make the acquaintance of Bankes, the butler, and learn what he could from him. It seems that Bankes has a club, to which he goes two or three times a week for an hour or so in the evening, Brown j my man, got admitted to the club, and pumped Bankee most scientifically. He tells me that there was perfect harmony between all the members of Dr. Redfern's family, ex cept between Dr. Davis and Dr. Redfern himself. The elder doctor seemed to have, or thought he had, some ground of com plaint against the younger ; while Davis he describes as touchy and ready to take offence. The coolness was so marked that at times they would hardly speak to each other, except when, they met at table. In Bankes's opinion the young surgeon thought he was not treated with sufficient consideration and respect, while the old doctor thought that his assistant was not fit for his place. It is olear that Davis imagined that he was laboring under an injustice. Coupled with what Mrs. Red fern told you it is very serious indeed.' ' It may seem very weak of me, Mr. Jenner,' said Dora, ' but I cannot tell you how I shrink from going on with this.'' ?' It was your own idea, Miss Tremayne,' said the solicitor, coldly. ' You are quite right. But it seems so dreadful to be acting the part of a man hunter! Suppose Dr. Davis should be as innocent as Captain Everett !' This feminine inconsistency irritated the cold-blooded lawyer. ' One or other must be guilty, so far as I can see,' he said, firmly. ' But you will please to remember that I did not advise this unusual mode of proceeding. It iB for the prosecution to prove Captain Everett's guilt ; he need not prove his innocence by showing that somebody else committed the deed.' ' But weuld not his chance of escape be very much greater if it could be shown that some one else had an interest — as they say he had — in Dr. Redfern's death?' « Undoubtedly.' *f Then I must go on with it. What Is to be done next?' . : ' The next thing is to find out whether the notice of dismissal which Dr. Redfern thought of giving his assistant was really 'sent.' ' And how can we ascertain that ?' ' Of course, it would not do to question Dr. Davis himself. ; We must look for docu mentary evidence. It is possible, though not very likely, that if Dr. Bedfern gave his assistant a written notice of dismissal he may have kept a copy of it. But there is another difficulty. Dr. Redfern's papers were taken away by the police.' A heavy sigh escaped from Dora's lips. On every side there were doubts, mis givings, obstacles. %???!£ only she had. one friend, one sympathising heart to rest upon 1 Andthenner thoughts turned once more, as they often did, toCaptain Everett. What support and guidance i.e would have given in euch «, tftime of difficulty : and trouble ! But it was he, lying -helplesB and alone within the prison walls, who needed aseistaace; and the thought nerved the girl's heart once more. He had no one' but herself to help him. - A bright thought struck her. ' The policercouia net .keep Dr. Reaf ern'a papers for ever. They might' want to keep some, perhaps, but they would surely send back the rest after looking them through?' ' It is possible, certainly.' ' Who' will get them when they do come back— Mrs. Redfern ?' v 'The doctor's executor, Mr. Payne, would have the custody of them.' ' Then I will ask him to let me see them.' The lawyer smiled compassionately, ' I am afraid it is hopeless to expect that he would allow you to read them,' he said. Dora did not like the pitying smile j but she took no offence. ' Can you think of any other way of finding out what we want to know ?' she aeked gravely. ' I confess I cannot.' ' Then I will see Mr. Payne at once. After all I can but try. The lawyer then departed, leaving Dora more depressed in mind than he had found her. Somehow, an interview with Mr. Jenner always had this effect on the girl's spirits. Often she was tempted to give up in despair the task of proving her lover's innocence ; but never so much so as when Mr. Jenner's eyes were upon her and his cold tones sounding in her ears. Many a time she wished that she had a more sympathising adviser; but it was im possible to get rid of Mr. Jenner, even if she known of a more helpful counsellor. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 