A Ghostly Matchmaker. . Kindly allow me to introduce myself. Of course you -will imagine that the some what commonplace person who calls him Belf the author of this story is addressing you. Nothing of the sort. I have rented liiin for the occasion, although I am sen sible he makes but a poor vehicle for the transmission of ghostly thoughts and ideas. Still, as it was necessary to materialise myself for this occasion, and he happened to be to let, I closed with him. at once, on the condition that he should hava a vaca tion in space until midnight. This arrangement will enable me to briefly tell you how I, a disembodied ghost — not that I ever heard of any other kind of ghost — am speaking to you with the voice of a living man — at least he tkinks himself a man. I want to tell how I 'visited A unt Matilda and had it out with her. I admit that the proceeding was rude ; but I really couldn't help myself. Any ghost with a shadow of shadowy self respect would have treated her in the same way. Only last night I was of£ duty ia Shadovr land. Something had disagreed with me. My bones ached 5 they were not properly .articulated — I believe that is the correct term. One also suffers from rheumatism in Ghostland, not to any great extent, but just sufficiently so to be unpleasant. ' Kindly put out your tongue,' said my professional': adviser, still sticking to worldly phraseology from sheer force of habit. I hadn't a tongue, so I couldn't. ' My dear Biffles,' he eaid (my name is Biffl.es), as he dug me in the ribs until they rattled, ' my dear BiffleB,' what we want is change of scane. We're decidedly low — pining for something. We've been here 20 years without a holiday and it' s_growing monotonous. We must ha?e a night oft We want tone — bracing up — we want to think of something unpleasant which will instantly dissipate the placidity of: Ghost land. Someone who used to quarrel with us in the pld days when we were alive. Think, we must think, of some one down there.' ' No ; can't think of anyone down there,' . I said, after a moment of shadowy reflec tion ; ' it's a long time ago.' ' Think,' my doctor repeated, as he felt for an imaginary watch, and rammed it into a non- existent pocket. 'Someone' who used to disagree with you very much. Didn't you — eh — ever marry down there ?' Then I remembered Matilda. A shudder ran down my spine. ' No — no,' I said ; ' very nearly, but she wriggled out of it.' ' Is she — eh — still down there ?' he asked, in his old professional tones. ' We want a tonic, my dear Bimes: — we want tone — we want rousing — forcibly rousing — we — inust look her up if she hasn't married. She'll rouse us. Who was she ?' 'Matilda,' I said sorrowfully, for I didn't want to be roused (I remembered Matilda's methods of rousing me in the past). She was very pretty then, but had a — a temper enough to make your bones rattle. ' Ah, yes; just the very thing, the very thing for us,' he murmured. 'Go down and call there to-night. You will be thankful enough to get back again ; but it will, doubtless, make a little change for you.' Somehow I had forgotten all about Matilda. She had been one of the dreams I had failed to grasp when I was alive. We were psychicaL affinities once. How pretty she was then. Gnlden hair, too, and blue eyes, and a voice like the soft music of the wind among the pine tops ? when she wasn't angry ; but when she was angry it became like the roaring of a gale at sea. Ah, that temper ! She said ahe would never marry a man who smoked unless he did it in a greenhouse where it would keep off the flies. And so we had parted. She said that I seemed to think that matrimony was all smoke ; and that «moke in. drawing-room curtains was a thing no woman would put up with. So we agreed to disagree. I caught the 10 o'clock Phantom special, .and reached London in 45 seconds. The guard landed me in Matilda's drawing room. In another second I found myself .confronting two psychical affinities. Just imagine yourself transferred from the chill, shadowy depths of Ghostland to a world of warmth and light and love. The fir* burned brightly ; a cat purred on the hearth. The room was gay and cosy, the air sweet with the fragrance of flowers. Not the scent of cold, dead blossoms,. but living iscense which floated around what had once been my heart, as I raised my hands in mute benediction over his black curls and her golden hair. I gathered from their conversation that the golden-haired girl was Matilda's niece. He was called Dick, and her name was Emily. I further gathered that she was dependent on Matilda, who ruled her with the rod of iron wherewith she had ruled me in the days of old, when I was expected either 'not to srr.oke or to do so without spoiling the curtains. , Matilda, it appeared, had resolved never 'TOcbriBBmt to' 'Dick and Emily's .marriage, which iras just what might have been ex pected from Matilda. Matilda had gone to bed with, cotton wool in her ears and a cold in her nose. And poor Dick had crept dowa the area, and cook had let him in to spend a few minutes with the beloved one, just to renew their vows and comfort each other. He was full of hope. The world was hard, he said, but love was stronger than the world or even death itself, and he would conquer the world, and they would Jive happily ever after in a suburban villa, without being afraid of even a tax collector. Then he somewhat sorrowfully, for all his brave -words, went away, and Emily, her face buried in the sofa, prayed for something to soften that portion of Matilda's anatomy which she called a heart. ' I felt a phantom tear steal down where my nose should have been. Then I laid my flesh-hand on Emily's shoulder and pressed a shadowy kiBS upon her fair white forehead. .*« Don't be afraid, m ydear,' I said, softly, ' I'll tackle Matilda j she can't hurt me— now ;'. and I was upst&ire; before Emily could give more than a startled little scream and hide her face in the sofa cushion. I suppose it was rather & rude thing to enter a lady's room at that hour, especially »s I hadn't been, invited to do #0, and didn't even knock. But I was very angry 'with Matilda. She had made me miser able on earth for 20 years, and now she was carrying on the eame sort of thing with these young people. I perched on the rail at the foot of the bed, and tried to prevent my teeth from chattering. Matilda sat up in bed witb, the wool in her ears and a stocking' tied round her head. As a preliminary proceeding I blew out the wooL It is a favorite trick of you mortals to stuff things in your ears and not listen. A fire burnt cheerfully in the grate. (Matilda always could take care of herself.) On her little round table stood a bottle labelled ' The mixture. To be taken as before.)' It smelt (in spite of disguising peppermint) like something I had ta6ted— - something with an aroma — at bachelor parties when I was alive. I reached over, and, forgetting my physical limitations, drank some. Tes, 1 was right ; it -was much stronger than peppermint. It- ran down over the bed, but, fortunately for me, Matilda failed to notice it. As I scurried back to the bed rail, Matilda saw me and groaned. (Matilda was always rude.) She appeared to be terribly frightened. ' It's only me, Matty,' I said, thinking the endearing diminutive ' Matty ' might soothe her. ' It's only me. I've just dropped in for a quiet chat— from up there.' Matilda's wrinkled and ill-tempered old face turned white. She tried to hide it in the clothes, but I wouldn't let her. ' I'm — I'm afraid it is rather indelicate, Matty,' I said. ' But I'm here on business, and it won't keep. If s no use scream ing for anyone. They can't turn me out.' Matilda recovered. (That woman always had plenty of nerve.) 'It's you, is it ?' she eaid, as if she didn't think much of me, ' I — I fancied you had gone to a place where they couldn't give up smoking.' Just like Matty. Always ungenerous, always unforgiving. It made me feel alive again just to h9ar her shrewdish tones. She evidently wasn't a bit afraid of me now. That made the whole scene seem natural at once. ' Just explain what you mean by coming in at this hour. If you'd been alive you would npt have daied. I'd have scratched your eyes out.' ' True enough,' I said, meditatively. ' I should have been frightened. Time hasn't softened you much, Matty.' ' No,' she said, ' I'm tough as old red sandstone. If you don't go away I'll throw things at you. What do you want?' ' Only one thing,' I said, ' You're very comfortable here, Matty. How do you do it? Two and three-quarter per cent. Goschens?' ' Never you mind,' she snapped. « You left me the money.' 'Yes,' I said, thoughtfully nursing my left leg and balancing myself in an airy attitude on the rail, just to let her see that I wasn't frightened. 'Yes, I did.' That's what I've come about.' ' Well, you can't have it,' she replied. ' You'd better be off. If you come again I'll prosecute you. You never did have any sense of propriety when you were alive.' ' Always hasty, Ma^tty. Ah? me ; what an escape I had.' She sat up in bed angrily, ' If you don'jt go I'll have you turned out.'' ff If you're not quiet I'll compromise you, Matty,'1 I said. ' You rigid Wes leyans don't like a scandal, and I'll ma terialise myself. How do you like that P' ' If you take the same shape you. once had,' she replied, ' I shouldn't like it at alL What d'you want P' ' Only one thing— charming turban you're ?wearing, Matty. There was always some thing Oriental in your style o£ beauty. Oh. yes ; it was just a trifle I wanted.' 'What is it?1' ' You must make over your 2J per cent. Goschens to your niece, and consent to her marriage with Dick, or' ? I paused sig nificantly. ? 'Or what?' she inquired. ' Well, you see — but I'd rather not ex plain.' ' You must.' ' Oh, very well, if you insist I suppose I'll have to. You know where you hinted I came from ?' She nodded uatil her turban came off. ' Well, I don't want to seem unkind, Matty, but unless you do as I wish about that little matter you will have to go back with me.' She shrieked. Then, she reflected. ' I could make it very uncomfortable for you there, I suppose P' she inquired. ' Perhaps, but I'm willing to give up my personal comfort for the sake .of those young people.' ' You always were a fppl,' she sneered. (Her rudeness was quite refreshing. I felt ever so much better.) ?? You always were a fooL But I'll do it, if only to get rid of you.' ' It's a promise ?' I asked. ' Of course ; I never break my word,'' ' No ; jou'd rather break someone else's heart;. Then we may consider this little matter arranged ?' I slid on to the coun terpane and laid an icy hand upon her heart. ' Yes — yes,' she gasped. ' D — don't do that again 5 you'll make my cold worse, Only go, and I'll swear to do it.' ' No, your promise is sufficient,' and I turned - to go, ' That's alj.. Good night,' ' ' , ' 'Goodnight!' she snapped. 'I'll settle all that to-morrow.' ' You — you wouldn't like to shake hands?' I suggested timidly (I always was afraid, of her.) tf Shake hands before we parti. I mightn't, get a night off for another 20 years. ^g^we'yp had .,£ very enjoyable tete-a-tete- Quite like old times.' She held out a hand almost as cold aa my own. Then ffhe began $0. gry. People do erf after taking too' much peppermint. ' What's the matter, Matilda W I asked, in astonishment. t'l really did love you/' she sobbed. I — I should like to kiss jou just pnpe.?' ' I started back in 'terror. ' Really, Matilda, I have * reputation to maintain. This is a little Jtpo much. I'm only an unprotected ghost. You shouldn't, you know,*rea)lT,'? and I s pgd £rpm £he yocm. ' I wonder . if that swept girl will (pyer, know,'? I thought to myself as I entered Emily's room. : ?:-?.??: Enfolded in her golden hair, she lay sleeping, a smile upon her lovely lips. Her white eyelids were closed over her beautiful eyes ; one little white hand lay on the covelet. I fell(on my ghostly knees, and the warmth and life of the girl's sweet nature stole into me as I lifted her hand to my phantom lip, and then faded noiselessly away into the Kingdom of Dreams and Shadows, back to the quiet, drowsy haunts of any fellow-spirits, there to linger, though longing to take my place again in all the fitful fever and the strife which men call life. 