0LAIRY0YAN0Y. STORIES OP THE SPIRIT LAND. Visions of Death and Disaster— By Flood and Field— Tho Phenoman of Seeing Friends Hundreds of Miles Away. Among his " Rual Ghost Stories" series Mr. Stead has the following When I was staying tho other day at Orchardlea, in Windsor Forest, I did most of my writing in a spacious window on tho first iloor looking out over the garden. It opened French fashion, and thereby occasioned a curious optical illusion, which may perhaps help to shed some light upon tho phenomena now under consideration. For when tho sun was high in tho sky and the French window- was set at a certain angle, the whole of the flowers, figures, &o;,, op my right hand appeared reflected upon t)ie "lawn on the left hand as vividly as if they actually existed in duplicate. So real was the illusion tliat for some hours I was under the impression that a broad yellow gravel path actually stretched across the lawn on my left. It was only wlicu a little dog ran along the spectral path and suddenly vanished into thin air that I discovered tho illusion. Nothing could be more complete, more life- like. The real persons who walked up tho gravel to tho house walked across the spectral gravel, apparently in duplicate. Both could be seen at ono and the samo time. I instantly thought that they could be photographed, so as to show the duplication produced by the illusion. Unfortunately, although the special path was distinctly visible through the glass to the eye, no impression whatevor was left on the sensitive plate. My friend writes :— " I have tried tho phantom path, and I am sorry to say it is too phantom to malto any impression on tho plate. AU that you get is the blaze of light from tho glass window, somo vory faint trees and no path at all. l'ossibly, with a Juno sun, it might have been different; but I doubt it, as ono is told never to put tho camera facing a window. It is having to take through tho glass window, which is fatal." This set mo thinking. It was a simple optical illusion, no doubt, similar to that Which enabled Pepper to produco his ghosts at tho Polytechnic. But what was tho agency which enabled me to see tho figures and flowers, and trees and gravel, all trans ferred, as by the cunning act of somo magician,- 'from the right to tho left? Simply a swinging pane of porfcotly trans parent glass. To those who have neither studied the laws of optics nor seen tho phenomenon in question, it must seem im possible that a pellucid window-pane could transfer so faithfully that which happened at one end of the garden to the other us to cause it to he mistaken for reality. Yet there was tho phenomenon before my eyes. Tho dog. ran doublo— the real dog to the right, the spectral dog to the left, and no one could tell at flrst sight "t'other from which." Now, may it not bo that this sup plies a suggestion as to the cause of the phenomenon of clairvoyance ? Is it not pos sible that there may exist in Nuturo some as yet undiscovered analogue to tho swinging window-pgno which inay enable us to see before our eyes here and now events whieh aye transpiring at tho other end of the world? In tho mysterious, sub-conscious world in which tho clairvoyant lives, may there not be some subtle, svmpathctio lens fashioned out of strong ufleotion or some other relation which may enable some of us to soo that which is quite invisible to tho ordinary eye ? ' a surrey laundry seen in cornwall. Such thoughts came to my mind when I asked the housekeeper, who stands third in the census return, whether ehe had ever seen any of the phantasmal apparitions of her mistress, my hostess, Mrs. M. Tho housekeeper, a comfortable, buxom Cornish woman, smiled incredulously. No, she had Bpen nothing, heard nothing, believed nothing. " As t'o phantasmal bodies, she would prefer to see them firBt." "Had she ever seen a ghost?" "No, never."- "Had ever lmd any hallucinations?" "No." But oqe thing had happened, " rather curi- agis " now that she came to think of it. Last year, when living on the coast far down in tjtio west country, she had suddenly seen as in a dream the houso in Hindhead where we Were now Btanding. She had never been in Surrey in her life. She had no idea that she would over go there, nor did she know that it wus in Surrey. What she saw was the laundry. She was slauding inside it, and remarked to her husband how straugo and large it looked. She looked out at tho windows and saw tho house and the sur roundings with strange distinctness. Then the vision faded away, leaving no othor im press on tho mind than that she had seen an exceptionally large laundry close to a small country-house in a place whero she lmd never been in before. Six months passed; she and her husband had decided to lcavo the west country and take a housokeeper and gardener's post elsewhere. Thoy re plied to an advertisement, were appointed by my hostcsB ; thoy transferred themselves to Hindhead, where thoy arrived in tho dead of winter. When they rcachod their .now quarters she bsw, to her infinite asto nishment, tho precise place she hud seen six months before. Tlio laundry was unmistak able. There is not such another laundry in tho county of Surrey. There it was, sure enough, and there was the house, and there were all tho snrroutidings oxaotly as she had seen them down on tho Bouth-weBt coast. She did not believe in ghosts or pbnutasmal bodies or such liko tilings, but ono thingshc khew beyond all possibility of doubt. Sho had seen her now, home and laundry on tho top of Hindhead wheu living in the west country six months beforo she ever set foot in Surrey, or oven know of tho existence of Mrs. M. "Tho moment I saw it I recognised and told my husband that it was tho identical place I had eeen in our old home." william howitt's vision. Tho Housekeeper's story is very simple, and almost too commonplace. But its signi ficance lies in those very characteristics. Huro was no consuming passion, no bond of sympathy, nothing whatever material or sentimental to act as tho refracting medium by which tho Hindhead laundry could have been made visiblo in South Devon. A vory remarkable case in point is that of William Howitt who, when on a voyago out to -Australia, saw his brother's house at Mel bourne so plainly that ho described it on board ship, and recognised it tho moment he landed. Hero is his own version of this romarkable instanco of clairvoyance : — "Somo woeks ago, while yet at sea, I had a dream of being at my brother's at Mel bourne, and found his house on a hill at tho further cud of the town, and next to the opon forest. His garden slopad a little down the hill to some brick buildings below ; and there were greenhouses on tho right hand by tho wall, as you look down the hill from tho house. As 1 looked out of the window in my dream, I saw a wood of dusky. foilagod trees having a somewhat segregated appear- anco in their heads — that is, their heads did not mako that dense mass like our trees. ' Thore,' I said to someone in my drcain, ' I see your native forest of eucalyptus 1' This dream I told to my sons and to two of my fellow-passengers at the time, and on landing, ae wo waikod over the meadows, long before we reached the town, 1 saw this very wood. 'There,' I said, ' is tho vory wood of my dream. Wo shall sec my brother's house thero 1' And so wo did. It stands oxaotly as I saw it, only looking newer ; hut thore, over tho wall of tho garden, is tho wood, precisely us I saw it and now sec it as I sit ut the dining-room windowwriting. Whenllooked on thissceno I seom to look into my dream. (Owen's ' Footfalls," p. 118)." a natural camera oiiscura. The usual explanation of these things is that the vision is the rovivul of some for gotten impressions on the hrain. But iu neither of tho foregoing crises will that explanation suflico, for in neither case had tiic person who saw aver been in the place of which they had a vision. One desperate resource, the convenient thoory of pro- existence, is useless here. Neither W. Howitt's brother's houso, nor tho laundry at Hindhead, existed before the birth of William Howitt and my Cornish house keeper. Tho fact seems i o bo that there is a kind of invisible camera obscura in nature, lirhioh at odd times givGs us glimpses of things happening or existing far beyond tho range of our ordinary vision. Tho other day when in Edinburgh I climbed up to the Camora Obscura that stands near tha castle, and udmirod tho simple device by which, in a darkened room upon a white paper-covered table, the whole panorama of Edinburgh life was displayed beforo me. There were tho " recruities " drilling on tho Castle Esplanade ; there wcro tho passers-by hurrying along High-street ; there were the birds on the house-tops, and the landscapo of chimneys and steeples, all revealed as if in tho crystal of a wizard's eave. Tho colored shadows clmsed each other across tho paper, leaving no trace behind. Five hundred years ago the owner of thut camera would have been burned as a wizard ; now ho makes a coinfortabio living out of the threepennypieces of inquisitive visitors. Is it possible to account for tho phenomena of clairvoyunco other than by the sup position that there exists somcwhcro in naturo a gigantio camera ob scura which reflects everything, aud to which clairvoyants habitually, and other mortals occasionally, have access? seen and heard at 150 miles range, The preceding incidents simply record a prevision of places subsequently visited. The following are instances in which not only places, but occurrences, wore seon as in a camera by persons at a distance varying from 150 to several thousaud miles. Spaco seems to have no existenco for the clair voyant. They are quoted from the published " Proceedings of the Psychical Research Society": — On Scptomber 0, 184S, at the siege of Mooltan, Major-General R , C.B., then adjutant of his regiment, was most sovorely and dangerously wounded, and supposing himself to be dying, asked one of tho officers with him to taka the ring off his finger and send it to his wife, who ut tho time was fully 150 miles distant, at Forozepcro, "On tho night of Scptcmbor 9, 1818," writes his wife, "I was lying on my bed between sleeping and waking, when I dis tinctly saw my husband being carried off tho field, seriously wounded, and heard his voico saying, 'Take this ring off my finger and send it to my wife.' All the next day I could not get the sight or tho voice out of my mind. In due time I heard of Genernl R having been severely wounded in the assault at Mooltan, Ho survived, however, and is still living. It was not for some tilno nftcr tho siege that I heard from General L , tho officer who helped to carry General R— off the field, that tho request as to tho ring was actually made to him, just as I heard it at Ferozepore at that very time." (Vol. i. p. 30. ) a royal deathbed in france seen in england. The above case is remarkable because the voice was transmitted as well as the spectacle. In the next story the car heard nothing, but tho scene itself was vory re markable. A correspondent of the Psychiaal Society writes : — " I was staying with my mother's cousin, Mrs, Elizabeth Broughton, wife of Mr. Edward Broughton, Edinburgh, and daughter of the late Colonel Blanokley, in tho year 18-14, mid she told me the following strange story : — "She woke one night and rousod her husband, telling him that something dread ful had happened in Franae. Ho begged her to go to sleep again and;jnot to troublo him. Sho assured him that she was not asleep when sho saw what she insisted on then telling him— what she saw, in fact, First a carriage accident which she did not actually see, but what she saw was tho result— a brokon carriuge, a crowd collected, a figure gently raised and carried into the nearest house, tiien a figure lying on a bed which she then recognised as tha Duke of Orleans. Gradually friends collecting round tho bed — among them several members of the French reyal family— the queen, then the king, all silently, tearfully watching tho evidently dying duke. One 'man (she could soe his back but did not know who ho was) was a doctor. He stood bending over tho duke feeling his pulse, his watch in tho other hand. Aud then all passed away ; she saw no moro. As soon as it was daylight sho wrote down in hor journal all that sho had seen. From that journal sho road this to me. It wus before tho days of elcctria telegraph, and two or more days passed beforo tho Times announced ' Tho death of tho Duko of Orleans.' Visiting 1'ariB a short time aftorwurds alio saw and recog nised the place of tho aecident and roceivcd tho explanation of her impression. Tho doctor who attended the dying duke was un old friond of hers, and as he watched by the bed his mind hud been constantly occu pied with her uud hor family," (Vol. ii. p. 100.) The dootor's sympathy may have been the key to the secret camora of Naturo, but it in no wiso "explains" how a lady in Edin burgh could sou what wont on inside a houso in Paris so clearly as to know what had huppenod two days boforo tho intelli gence reached tho Times. an african event seen in england. Here is anothor story, where tho event occurred in Africa and was witnessed in England : — "Mrs, Powles, of Wad hurst, West Dui- wicli, S.E., says : — My Into husband dreamt a curious drcain about his brother, Mr, Ralph Holden, who was at that time travel ling in tho interior of Africa. One morning in Juno or July, 1801, my husband woke mo with the announcement, 'Ralph is deud.' I said, ' You must be dreaming.' ' No, I am not dreaming now ; but I dreamt twice over that I saw Ralph lying on tho ground sup ported by a man. ' They learnt afterwards that ho must have died about the time when his brother dreamt about him, and that he died in tho . arms of his faithful native servant, lying under a largo tree, whero ho was aftorwards buriod. Tho Holden family have sketches of tho tree and surroundings, and, on seeing it, my husband said, 'Yes, that is exactly the place whoro I saw Ralph in tny dream, dying or dead." (Vol.. i. p. dr. horace BUSHNELL's story. Dr. Horace Bushnoll, in his "Nature -and the Supernatural," tells a story, on tho authority of Captain Yonnt, which differs from tho foregoing iu having a dofinito pur pose, whioh, fortunately, was attained. Cnplnin Yonnt, a patriarch in the Napa Valloy of California, told Dr. Bushncll that six or seven years beforo their conversation ho had seen a vision which saved several lives. Hero is hiB story : — "At my request ho gavo mo his story. About Bix or seven years previous, in n mid-winter's night, iio had a dream, iu which he saw what appeared to bo a com pany of emigrants arrested by tho snows of the mountains and parishing rapidly by cold and hunger. Ho noted the vory oast of tho scenery, marked by a huge, per pendicular front of white rock cliff ; lie saw tha men cutting off what appeared to be tree-tops risiug out of the deep gulfs of snow ; ho distinguished the very features of the persons and the look of their particular distress. He awoko profoundly improssod by tho distinct ness and apparent reality of tho dream. He at length icll asleep, and drenmed exactly the same drcain over again. In the morning he could not expel it from his mind. Falling in shortly aftor with an old hunter comrade, ho told his story, and was only the more deeply impressed by his recognising without hesitation tho scenery of tho dream. This comrade camo ovor the Sierra, by the Gar- son Valley Pass, and declared that a spot in tho Pass answered exactly his description. By this tho unsophistical patriarch wa3 decided. Ho immediately collected a com pany of men, with mules and blankets and all nocessary provisions. The neighbors were laughing meantime at his credulity. 'No matter,' he said, 'I am able to do this, and I will ; for I verily believe that the fact is according to my dream.' The men were sent into the mountains 150 miles distant, directly to the Carson Valley Pass. And there they found the company exactly in tho condition of tho dream, and brought iu tho remnant alive." (" Naturo and the Supernatural," p. 14, the vision of a fire. The wife of a dean of tho Episcopal Church in one of the Southern States of America was visiting at my house while I was busy collecting materials for this work. Asking her the usual question as to whether sho had ever experienced anything, of the phenomena usually called supernatural, apparently because it is not the habitual experience of every 24 hours, she ridiculed the idea. Ghosts? Not she. Sho was a severely practical, matter-of-fact person, who used her natural senses, and had nothing to do with spirits. But was she quite sure ; had nothing ever occurred to her which she could not explain? Then she hesitated and said, " Wall, yes ; but thero is nothing supernatural about it. I was staying away down in Virginia, some hundred miles lroin home, when one morning, about 11 o'clock, I felt an overpowering sleepiness. I never sleep in the daytime, and that drowsiness was, I think, almost my only experience of that kind. I was so sleepy I went tp my room. In iny sleep I saw quite distinctly my home at Richmond in flames. The fire had broken out iu oue wing of the house, which I saw with dismay wus where I kept all my best dresses. The pcoplo were all about trying to check tho flames, but it was of no use. My husband wus there, walking about beforo the burning house, carrying a portrait in his hand. Everything was quite clear and distinct, exactly as if I had actually been present and seen everything. After a time I woko up, and, going down-stairs, told my friends the strange dream I had had. They laughed at me, and made such game of my vision that I did my best to think no moro about it. I was travelling about, a day or two passed, and when Sunday came I found myself in a church whero some relatives were wor shipping. When I entered the pew they looked rather strange, and as soon as the service was over I asked them what was tho matter. ' Don't be alarmed,' they said, 'there is nothing serious.' They then handed me a post-card from my husband which simply said, ' House burned out ; covered by insurance.' The date was the day on which my dream occurred. I hastened home, and then I learned that everything had happened exactly as I had seen it. Tho firo had broken out in the wing which I hail soon blazing. My clothes were all burnt, and tho oddest thing about it was that my husband, having rescued a favorite picture from the burning building, had carried it about among tho crowd for somo time before he could find a place in which to put it safely." Swedenborg, it will be remembered, also had a clairvoyant vision of a fire at a great distance. the loss of tltk " strathmore. " A olasBio instanco of the exorcise of this faculty is the story of tho wreck ' of the Strathmore. In brief the story is as fol lows : — Tho father of a son who had sailed in the Strathmore, an immigrant ship out ward' bound from the Glydo, saw oue night the ship foundering ainid the waves, and saw that his eon, with some others, had escaped safely to a desert island, near which the wreak had taken place, Ho was so muoh impressed by this vision that ho wrote to the owner of tho Strathmore, telling him what he had seen. His information was scouted ; hut after awhile the Strathmore was overdue, and the owner got uneasy. Day followod day, hut still no tidings of tho missing ship. Thon, liko I'hnraoli's butler, the owner romemburcd his sins oue day, and hunted up tho letter describing the vision. It ' supplied at loast a thoory to account for the vessel's disappearance. All outward-bound shipB wore requested to look out for auy sur vivors on tho island indicated in the vision. These orders being obeyed, the survivors of tho Strathmore wore found oxaotly whero tho father had seen them. In itself this is Hufliaient to oonfouud all aoacpted hypo theses. Taken in conncotion with other in stances of a similar nature, what can be said of it exoepting that it almost necessitates tho supposition of tho existence of the in visible camora obscura whieh tho Tlieo- sophiBts desoribe as the astral light? tiie analogy op the camera obscura. Clairvoyance can often he oxplaincd by telepathy, especially when thero is strong sympathy between tho person who sees and tho person who is seen. Mr. Edward R. Lipsitt, of Traleo, sends me tho following narrutivo, which illustrates this fact: — "I hog to narrate a curious case of tele pathy I experienced when quite a boy. .Some 10 years ago I happened to sleep ono night in the samo room with a young friond of about my own age. Thero existed a vory strong sympathy between us. I got up oarly and went out for a short walk, leaving my friend fast nsloop in his bed. I want in the direotion of a woll-known lake in that district. Aftor gazing for some moments ut the silent watars, I espied a largo black dog making towurds mo. J turned my back and fled, the dog following mo for somo distnneo. My boots thon being in a bad condition, one of tho solos camo oil' in tho' flight; however, I came away un- molested by tho dog. But how amazed was I when upon entering the room my friond, who was just rubbing his eyes aud yawning, related to mo my adventure word by word, describing even tha color of the dog and the very boot (tho right one) tho solo of which gavo way ! motiveless visions. There is no inotivo whatever to bo discoverod in the apparition. A rcmarkubla instanco of this is recorded by Mr. Myot-B in. his recent article in the Arena, whero tho analogy to u camera obscura is very close. The camera rcfleots everything that happens. Nothing is cither groat or small to its im partial lens. But if you do not happen to bo in tho right place, or if che room is not properly darkened, or if tho white paper is taken off the table, you see nothing. We have not yet mastered the conditions of tho astral ouniera, Huro, howevor, is Mr. Myers' story, which ho owes to the kinduoss of Dr. Elliott Ooues, who happened to call on MrB. C tho very day on which that lady received the following letter from her friend, Mrs. B — — . " Mooduy cvoning, January 14th, JS80. " My Dear Friend, — I know you will bo surprisedj)to receive a note from mo so soon, but not mora than I was to-day, when you Were shown to mo olnirvoyantly in a some what embarrassed position. I doubt very much if there was any truth iu it ; never theless, I will relate it, aud leave you to laugh at the idea of it. "I was sitting in my room sewing this afternoon, about 2 o'clock, when what shoald I see but your own dear solf ; but, heavens 1 in what a position. Now, I don't want to oxcito your curiosity too much, or try your patience too long, so will come to the point atonco. You wcic falling up tho front steps in tho yard. You had on your black skirt and velvot waist, your little straw bonnet, and in your hand wore some papers. When you foil your hat went in one direction, and tho papers in another. You got up very quickly, put on your bonnet, picked up the papers and lost no time getting into the house. You did not appear to bo hurt, but looked somewhat mortified. It was all so plain to me that I lmd ten to ono notions to dress myself uud come over and soe if it were true, but finally concluded that a sober, industrious woman like yourself would not bo stumbling around at that rate, and thought I'd best not go on a wild-gooso chase. Now, what do you think of such a vision as that? Is thero any possible truth in it ? I feel almost ready to scream with laughter whenever I think of it ; you did look too funny, spreading yoursolf out in tho front yard. 1 Great was the full thereof, '" This letter came to us in an envelopo ad dressed : " Mrs. E. A. C , 217 Dol. Ave., N.E., Washington, D.C., and with tho post marks, Washington, D.C., Jan. 15, 7 a.m., 18S9, and Washington, N.E.C.S., Jan. 15, 8 a. m. Now the point is that ovory detail in this tolcnathie vision was correct. Mrs. G lmd actually (as she tells mo in a letter dated March 7, 18S9) fallen in this way, at this placo, in the dress described, at 2.41, on January 14. The coincidence can hardly have beon due to chance. If wo suppos'o that the vision preceded tho accident wo shall lmvo an additional marvel, which, however, I do not think we need bora face, "About 2," in a letter of this kind, may quite conceivably lmve meant 2.41. Hero tlio oxcocding triviality of tho inci dent destroys the possibility of tho ordinary superstition that it was a dire'et divine revo lution. This may bo plausible in cases of tho Strathmore, whero the intelligence was communicated of the loss of an English ship, but no one can seriously hold it when tho only information to bo communicated was a stumble on the stairs. Considering tho enormous advantages which such an astral camera would place in tho hands of the detective police, I was not surprised to be told that tho officers of tho Criminal Investigation Department in Lon don and Chicugo occasionally consult clair voyants ub to the place where stolen goods are to be found, or whero the missing crimi nals may be lurking. Professor Barrett has a charming story of the recovery of a stolen dog in the Midlands by the aid of a clairvoyant governess in Workington, which he will somo day, I hope, publish with full verification. an irish outrage seen in a dream, One of the best stories of clairvoyance as a means of throwing light on oi'imo is thus told by a correspondent of tho PSychical Research Society : — "Ono morning in December, 1830, lie had the following dream, or, he would prefer to call it, rovclaiiou. He found himself sud denly at the gate of Major N. M.'s avenue, many miles frcm his home. Close to him was a group of persons, one of whom was 'a. woman with a basket on hor arm, tho rest men, four of whom wore tenants of his own, while tho others wore unknown to him. Somo of the strangers seemed to be mur derously assaulting H. W. , one of his tenants, and he interfered. I Btruck violently at the man on my left, and then with greater violence at the man's face on my right. Finding, to my surprise, that I had not knocked down either, I struck again and again with all the violence of a man frenzied at tho sight of my poor friond's murder. To my great amazement I saw my arms, although visiblo to my eyo, were without substance, and the bodies of the men I struck at and my own came close to gether aftor each blow through tho shadowy arms I struck with. My blows were delivered with more oxtreino violence than I ever think I exerted, but I became painfully convinced of my incompetency. I have no consciousness of what happened after this feeling of unsubstautiality came upon me. Next morning A. experienced tho stillness and soreness of violent bodily exercise, and was informed by his wife thut in the course of tho night he had muoh alarmed her by striking out again and again with his arms in a terrific manner, ' as if fighting for iiis life.' He, in turn, informed her of Ins dream, and begged her to remember the names of those notors in it who were known to him. On the morning of tho following day (Wednesday) A. roceived a lottor from his agont, who resided in the town closo to tho scene of the dream, informing him thai his tenant had been found on Tuesday morning at Major N. M.'s gate, speechless and apparently dying from a fracture of the skull, aud that there was no trace of the murderers. That night A. started for the town, and arrived thero on Thurs day morning. On his way to a meeting of magistrates- he met the senior magistrate of that part of tho country, and requested him to givo orders for thu arrest of the three men whom, besidos II. W., he had recognised in his dream, and to have them examined sepa rately, This was at once done, The three men gave identical accounts of the occur rence, and all named the woman who was with them. She was then arrested, and gave precisely similar testimony. They said that botwoon 11 and 12 on tho Monday night they had boon walking homowards altogether along the road when they wore overtaken by three strangers, two of whom savagely -assaulted II. . W., whilo the other prevented his friends from interfering. II. W. did not die, but was never tho same man afterwards. He subsequently emi grated." (Vol. i. p. 142.) " Tho advantage which would aceruo from the universal establishment of this instan taneous vision would not bo unmixed. That it is occasionally vory useful is obvious, the missing hales of cotton. Another application of this talent is in the discovering hidden or lost articles. Of this an illustration reaches ina just as I am passing these pages through tha pross. It is taken from "A Tanglod Yarn," leaves from Captaia Jaines Payee's log, whioh has just been published by O. II. IColly: — " Tho Theodora got into Livorpool tho samo day as tho Bland. Sho was a larger ship than ours, but had u similar cargo. The day that I went to tho owners to report 'all right,' I met with Gaptain Morton in a terrible stew because he was 30 balos of ootton short, a loss equal to the whole of his own wages and tho mato's into tho bargain. He so fretted over it that his wife in des- potation rocoinmendod him to got tho nd- vico of a Captain Hudson, who had a young fomulo friend clover as a clairvoyant. Wo wore both quito Bceptioal in tho matter of clairvoyance. At first Morton didn't wish to niodillo, lie said, with ' a parcel of modern witchcraft,' and that sort of thing; but he at lust yielded to his wife's urgently and consented to go. Thoro was first of all a half-crown feo to Captain Hud son, and then tlio way was .clear for un interviow with tho young clairvoyant. I was present to 'see fair.' When tho girl lmd been put into the clairvoyant state Morton was instructed to take hor right hand iu his right hand and then ask her any questions he wished. Tho replies were in substauoe as follows Sho went back men- tally to tho port who'neo the Theodore had 'sailed, retracing with her hand as sho in words also described the courso of tlio ship from Liverpool across the Atlantic, through tho West Indian group, &c.;, back to New Orleans. At length she said, ' Yes, this is tho place whero the cotton was lost; it's put on board a big black ship with a red - mark round it.' Then she bcgiiu to trace with her hand and describe the homeward courso of tho vessel, but aftor rc- orossing tho Atlantic, instead of coming up tho Irish Chan nel for Liverpool sho turned along the English Channel as though bound for the coast of France ; and thon stretching out her hand sho ex claimed, ' Oh, j here's the cotton ; but what funny people thoy arc ; thoy don't talk English.' Gaptain Morton said at once, ' I- see ; it's the Brunswick, Captain Thomas,' an American ship that lay along side of him at New Orleans, and was taking in her cargo of cotton while the Theodore was loading, and was bound for Hav/e do Grace. Captain Morton, satisfied with his clairvoyant's information, went homo and wrote immediately to Captain Thomas, in quiring for his lost cargo. In due course he got an answer that the cotton was certainly there, that it had been taken off the wharf in mistake, and that it was about to be sold for whomsoever it might concern ; but that if he (Captain Morton) would remit a certain amount to cover freight and expenses the bales should be forwarded to him at once. Ho did so, and in duo timo received tho cotton, subject only to the expense of transit from Havre to Liverpool. Such are tho facts ; I do not profess to offer any explanation." ,(" Captain James Payen's Log," p. 173.) a bal'tist minister's exff.rience. The following story about seeing a dis tance reaches me from tho Rev. Walter Wynn, Baptist minister at Bradford, Tho incrcdiblo thing in this story is not the vision so much as the fact that two brothers should not havo communicated with each other under such circumstances : — "Sandy-lane, Bradford, " October 1C, 1891. " Dear Mr. Stead, — In July last I was called to the deathbed of my mother, I could only be with her one hour, during which she stammered out with ' great diffi culty an affectionate farewell. All believed — uuuiui' iiiuuiuuu — tiiuii uy 4 u ciuutt uiuu night she would be gone. I had no doubt of it. Death was quito visible. I did not evon say to my friends, 'wire me when sho died," so certain were we that she was then breathing her lust. I loft home by the 4.20 train, ami reached Bradford in great sorrow at 10 p.m. "A fortnight elapsed. I waited patiently during , that timo to hear that all had been settled. Straugo to say, I heard nothing. I was troubled. Quito sure my mother was dead, I wondered why my friends kept subsequent affairs from me, I was in my study laid on my couch. I fell fast asleep for two hours (a most unusual thing). When I woke it took mo several minutes to be quito suite I was not in my mother's house. I jumped to my feet, came down stairs, and remarked to my wife, 'I have been home, dear. Mother is better and walking about, .and is better than sho wa3 before she became ill.' 'Don't talk so,' said my wife; 'you know your mother must lie dead as you speak.' 'She is living,' I said; 'I; have been home. I have had a dream unlike anything I ever experienced, on the top of tho firm belief that my mother had been dead a fortnight. I will write home at once.' I did sc. By return of post I received from my brother the following letter: — "'My Dear Brother, — Mother is up again, and better, if anything, than siie was beforo hor illness commenced. Forgot to writo before. Yours, &o.;' " I nover belioved in dreams before, and I don't believe in all as it is, but I believe in that oue, and I should liko some materialistic thinker to explain it away. " You can use my name if you likfi iu proof of (ho narrative." mr. hurt's dream. When I was in Newcastle I availed my- self of tho opportunity to call upon Mr. Burt, M. P., who haB .left his old house in Lovaino Crescent, and now lives iu one of the new streets nearer the Moor. On ques tioning him as to whether he had ever seen a ghost, he replied in the negative, but re marked that he had had one experience which had madu a deep impression upon his mind, which partook mora of the nature of clairvoyance than the apparition of a phantom. "I suppose it was a dream," said Mr. Burt. "The dream or vision, or whatever else you call it, mado a deep iinl prcssion upon my mind. You romemher Mr. Crawford, the Durham twiners' agent, was ill for q long timo before his death. Ho rallied, and we all hoped ho was going to got better. I had heard nothing to tho contrary, when one morning' early I had a- very vivid dream. I dreamed that I was , standing by the bedside of 'my old friend. I passed my hand over his brow, and ho spoke to mo with great tenderness, with greater tenderness .than he had ever spoken before. He said he was going to die, and that ho was comforted by tho long and close friendship thut hud existed between us. I was much touched by the feeling with which ho spoko, and felt awed as if I were in tho presence of, death. When I woke up the impression was still strong in my mind, aiul I could not resist the feeling that Crawford was dying. _ In a few hours I received a tole- gram stating that he was dead. This is more remarkable because I fully expected ho was going to got bettor, and at the moment of my dream he seems to have died. I cannot givo any explanation of fliow it came about. It is' a mystery to mo, and likely to remain so." 