BREAKFAST ROLLS? I — :oo: — I (By an Itinerant Vendor.) r was nearly all ' dry hash ' at the ouncil meeting on monday last, but a ttle mild excitement and flutter was lUBed when tbe ' portly councillor ' ot up to congratulate his worship up ii tne success ol tne conversazione, hicli was described in flowing lan uage, only interrupted by the melli ous voice of the ' poetic councillor ' hen ejaculating ' heah, heah.' I ? f There was nevertbelete an undercur ®t running through tbe quiet pro- j eediogs whichnow and then found vent j i little inuendoes and thrusts but it cs unkind of the ' portly councillor ' 'say that Or Turner is always full of lystery and like Oliver Twist 'wantB lore.' ? * ? 'Then why* we auk, should Cr. Os ient twit the ' poetic councillor ' with oing in balJ-headed for carrying acer -in point ? And to add to this 6ting uother one, a brother councillor re wked just en passant that he (the oetic) could hardly be blamed for that -vide his bald pate. That nightsoil question is being washed out ad nauseam and never a ueeung, but what soniu philnntropic 'er is made by some inventor or some ompany to relieve tbe council of that rouble, but why a certain councillor hould whilst speaking on that unsav lJ. 6ubject, wind up with a congratu 1 mg rhodomontade on the i ecovery of ! nother councillor, puzzle one be id expression. From information lodged at this 00 yes'erday afternoon just prior to xmr going to press, we gather that, the ghost scare that has been rampant in the outskirts o- th- £\\\\.) at Sast found cause forrnmoruiid that his High ness is now patrolling, nightly in the, immediate vici ihy of the Chronicle office. On Thursday hinrning midst | thfl very enrly hours, a party of well known citizens, cousisuus of turee ladies and two gentlemen, wme passing along Albert-street, in the direction cf Chapel-street, when near the intersec tion of Hotham-st., ' ye grisly appara tion' made its appearance, causing much consternation amongst the mem bers of the party. Ho or she (as the case may be) was adorned in a black cloth wrap, which on throwing up the arme exhibited the lining, which is composed ol a ghostly white hoe. On being threatened by the gentlemen in question the apparition quickly disap peared into the byeways. We insert th is as a warning to our la ly friends to keep — abore all — discreet hours, also to the blue-coated gentry in the Wind sor locality to keep their other eye open. 