TIje Kynbrnm Ftee PrEss, “Vox Populi Vox Dei.” Friday, December 2xd. 1S!)2. The New Church of England.— The memorial stone of the new brick building, now being ereotcfl in Kyabram for the Church of England, was laid with all duo solemnities, and in the presence, of a large concourse of people yesterday afternoon. The time fixed for the cere mony was half-past live, but a delaj' was ‘caused through the non-appearance of the minister in charge of the district, the Rev. J. F. Hate, whose horse, it was subse quently learnt, met with an accident dming'the journey ffbm. Tatura. About six o’clock it was decided to proceed with the ceremony; ; in- which the. Right llcv. F. F. Goe, D.D., thcilishop of Melbourne, toojc.thc leading, part, 'The, . other clergy present- were—Revs*. Archdeacon Herring, Sandfonl, rur;tl:.dean (Eehuea), - J. A.: White (Rochester), and Walker (Rush worth). A silver trowel was presented to the Bishop, and an address of welcome read by Mr. J. E.Edis. jnn.. the secretary of the church. The Rishoo returned .thanks, ami expressed the pleasure he felt at visiting Kyabram. The prescribed ordenVof service was then gone through, including a number of prayers, the read ing of Psalm 81, and a lesson commencing at the !)th verse of the 3rd chapter of St. Paul’s 1st epistle to the Corinthians. ITymus 39-land 305 (Ancientand Modern) were.also sung. A scroll was placed under the memorial stone, also copies of the Kyabram Free Press and the “Argus.” The stone was lowered and place I in position by the Bishop. ,vho then declared ic laid in “ the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Bishop then delivered an appropriate address, and the proceedings closed with the benediction. Later on a public meeting was held in the Mechanics’ In stitute, when addresses were given by the Bishop and the several clergymen present, ami a splendid programme of vocal music was also gone through. We reserve 'a'full account of the whole proceedings for next issue. Encroaching on a Road.—At- the meeting of the Eehuea Shire Council on Tuesday, at Eehuea, Mr. W. Campbell at tended as a deputation in reference to the j obstructing of the east and west road, parish of Taripta, between the holdings of Messrs. W. Campbell and Hutton. A letter was read and tracing presented which showed that Mr. Hutton had placed his fence for a mile along the road.-20 odd links from his proper boundary, and not 'only did-he encroach bn the road the 20 links, but..bis ..fence., took, in the wafer channel. which'Mfoidd'bii accessible to the . ijqblic. Messrs. Bartlett and Co., licensed surveyors, of .Kya,brain, made a;survey^of the place, anti'the tracing- presShtecl' to the council was drawn up by themi show ing the extent Hutton had encroached on the public road. Mr: Campbell pointed out the, disability-.he and his' neighbors labored under through the public channel being fenced in, and asked the council to take action to have the obstruction re moved from the road. After some dis cussion Councillor Sly moved, and Coun cillor Crawford seconded, that the secre tary be instructed to obtain the necessary information from the Titles office, with a view of action being taken by the couucil. Councillors Teh an and Allan and the president spoke in support of the motion, pointing out the great injustice that was being done through one man monopoli sing so great a - portion'of the public road, to the inconvenience oF all who wished to use the water channel that had been con-:: strueted out of the public funds: The motion'was' carried. :; It is 'to: be Imped ;that.the-'.s!iapdStakeu;by. the council will have a beneficial. effect in bringing about •a settlement of this long-standing griev ance. ■ . ■: Police‘ CoupT..—A . Court1 of -PjettjF Sessions will..be-held', at Ivvabram this (Friday) afternoon, commencing at 2. o’clock. Local Taxes.—The-residents of Kya bfam arc threatened with an addition to the amount of taxation paid at the in stance of local bodies, the addition being in: the charge of Ills.-per .annum for the emptying of ccsspans, a' motion to that effect having been passed-at the -Rodney Shire Council meeting on Monday. : The amount has to be paid in advance in two instalments,: the .first one of which will become due on 1st January next: The council do not anticipate much difficulty in getting the money in, as any remiss ness on the part of householders will land ; thehvnfa sefious'diffieulty. The plan to he adopted is a.s follows :—The nightman in the different towns in the shire will be supplied with a list of the persons who have paid upj and lie .will only attend to their premises'. The 'police'' will ’he sup plied with a list of the people who! have not.paid.iip. and they-will be-expected to take .immediate proceedings .wherever : a ’.nuisance occurs, so that whether they like it or not householders will 'lind it tot-heir advantage lio pay up iii time., Ko doubt there will be sonic grum bling over the matter, as ratepayers- consider that they are sufficiently taxed already, having tc pay Is. in the & to the general revenue of the council,'and 2s. in the •£ fur water rates. : / Triplets.—An event of considerable interest in the history of the Kyabram district occurred at St. Germains during the week, when Mrs. Rudd, of that neigh” borliood. presented her loving spouse with triplets, two girls and boy. Before the advent of the three little strangers, there were 8 children in the Rudd family, and the addition of the triplets about-breaks the record for the district, and entitles Mrs. lludd to receive recognition from Lord Hopetoun, who no doubt will pre sent her with the Queen’s bounty, which composes a guinea for each of the in fants. Presentation.—A vciy pleasingevent took place at the Kyabram Presbyterian Church on Tuesday evening, last week, when Mrs. Downing was presented with a handsome tea and coffee service as a token of the esteem in which she is held by the office-bearers and members of that church. In making the presentation the Rev. F. M’Queeu referred to Mrs. Downing’s con nection with the church, and the eminent services she had rendered by acting as organist for many years. Reference was made to the conscientious and able, man ner in which she had discharged the duties connected with the position, aiul regret expressed that her recent marriage re moved her from the”district.. On behalf of the congregation Mr. M'Queeh ex pressed the hope that many years of hap piuess and usefulness 'were; in store fog her. -Mr. D. S. MenziesrTcferrahjh feeL ing terms to the debt the church owed to the late Mr. Andrew Allan and all his family, who had been,connected with the church from its inception. He could per sonally testify to tlicfaithful way in which Mrs. Downing had worked for the church in various ways. Messrs.. It. Stewart and A. "Mollis also testified to the services rendered by Mrs. Downing, and the esteem in which she is held by all. In the absence of Mr. •Downing-Mr. Jiis. Allan, on behalf of his sister, thanked the donors, and assured them of the readiness of Mrs. Downing to do anything to help forward the Master’s cause. Rodney Irrigation Trust.—The last meeting of the Rolney Irrigation Trust for the year 1892 will be held at Tatura on Monday forenoon, commencing at 10 o’clock. A lot of interesting busi ness will be dealt with.' The Uses of Lemons.—Every part of the lemon tree,.which flourishes so well in this (list riot, is' valuable in medicine, though we rarely employ'any of it but the lemon itself.. Is early, eyeryone knows how to cmploj’ this, as in lenionade :— To.squeeze the juice into cold water, this is the shortest way. or to cut ifc'into slices and then hoil it; either way is good. Lemonade is one of the-best and safest drinks for any person, whether in health dr not. It is suitable in. all .stomach diseases, is' excellent in sicku'cssV^-in- cases of jaundice, gravel, liver' complaint, in flammation of the bowels, and fevers. It is a. specific against worms and skin com plaints. Lemons crushed with sugar and water make a fine drink. Lemon-juice is the best a^ti-scorbutic remedy known. It not only cures the disease, hut prevents it. Sailors make.a daily- use of it for this purpose. A physician suggests rubbing the gams daily with lemon juice to keep them in a healthy condition. The bands are also kept clean, whit j, soft and supple bv the daily use of lemon instead of soap It also nrevenls ehillblains.. Lemon , is •used in intermitto11*' fevers, mixed with strong, hot. black tea or coffee, without sugar. ■■■■Neuralgia'- may hercurcd by rub bing the part affected with a lemon. It is valuable to cure warts, and to kill dandruff on the head by rubbing the roots of the hair With it. , In fact . its uses;are manifold, and the more we employ it ex ternally the belter we shall find ourselves. Natural remedies are the best, and nature is the best doctor if we would only listen ■toher. Decidedly rub your hands, bead, and gums with lemon and drink lemonade in preference to other liquids and beuc flcial results will -be.sure to follow. ' Ivy Abram Band of Hope. —The second meeting of the above society was held in the Kvabrain Mechanics’ Hall on Tuesday evening, and although harvest ing operations, are' in .full suing, the audience was no smaller in mmibersthan’: it has been on ■previous occasions." The meeting was openetl-by the choir, under the leadership of Mr. Bamford, rolling forth. “ Onward, Christian Soldiers.” and . the Rev. E. Taylor engaged in prayer. The chairman. Mr. Padley. then made a few telling remarks about « Drink.” after which the choir favored with another chorus.-' Mr. Garland scored, a success in' his recitation. “ Roll On.” and Mr. Carey showed to advantage in vocalising “ Re . member. ;Thv Creator.” Mr. R." Brefeii'th'entWhTus iiow lie had been served through being one of “ The Twins." “ God Will Take Care” was very nicely sung by Birdie Day, after which the llev. Taylor, in an address, asked the mothers of families to train up their ehildrenin the wav they should g< •. The choir then' gave another selection entitled. “Exalt Tlini all yc People,” which was followed by a recitation by Wesley Whitbourn. Anyone after hearing the excellent, read ing on “Patience,” as read"by Miss E. Breen, will surely fry to be more patient in the future. “The song that reached rav heart” was effectively sung hv Mr. P. Meuzies. While the secretary was busy looking after the pi edges,-Mf. Bamford sa 'g a song entitled “ Rock-hie to sleep, mother,” and then the Rev. Mr. M'Qaoen caved splendid address about'temperancc. ■ Miss .Lottie Brown sang :: Rock-a- bye, Baby” in a style that predicts; a good future forjicr.. Mr. Reid, in- ail appro .priate “ get hji,” rolled forth “ The British Lion,” and then Mi’.. Tleaslip. gave-a-reci tation.. .Miss Annie Edis ..very sweetly sang Hearts and Homes,” which was ■ followedvhy the finishing up number..in, 'theTorn! of a'clionis'by the choir, entitled' :: God be wit’i you till we meet again.” The Rev. E. Taylor pronounced the bene diction, and the assembled crowd went home muttering something about a dia-. logue which they had hoped to have wit nessed. hut. which was promised them for the next Baud of Hopcientortainmeiit.— j -f.T.E. Wearing H.M.’s Uniform. — The following circular memo.' lias been for warder! to us with a request for its publi cation :—“ Headquarters,-Rifle..-. Clubs, Melbourne, November 23rd, I892.-4-The.' great increase'in the numbers wlio wear j uniform lias been a source of pleasure to the Major-General. Helias noticed, how ever,}, that some members go about with coats- .open, - presenting., an uutidy; appear-;;! ance.; Every man as soon as lie puts a uniform on should, appear as smart-look ing as he can make himself.—Tom Price. Lieut-Coloncl.” Retrenchment.—At the meeting of ther Rodney .Shire Council on Monday, Cbiincillbr.Arcliibald gave notice of liis intention to move at next meeting that the salary oE the engineer and secretary be reduced LuO per annum; The salary now paid to Mr; Rooney, the secretary and engineer, amounts to L350, so that even with a reduction of L50 the salary would be a very respectable one. Ther.e lias long existed amongst the rate payers a feeling that the shire lias been too expensively worked, and doubtless they- will hail with satisfaction the appli cation of the pruning knife at the in stance, of the junior member for the Kya bram riding. Orchard Competition.—The follow ing entries have been receive 1: Orchards under 3 years—Messrs M. Wilson. M. Ous sen, M. Gaffey, Mooroopna; J. Lilford and A. Thompson, Merrigum; J. F. Mad dock, Ardmona. Orchards over 3 years_ Messrs M. Cussen, Mooroopna: M. Gaffey C. Hardie and J. West. Ardona. The judging will take place on 13th and 14th inst. The entries for the vineyard co m petition have not yet closed. Samper of Cherries.—We have been favored with a splendid sample oE Big gereau cherries, grown without irrigation, by Mr. Isaac Frowd, the well-known orchardist of thfo district. The cherries are very large, round and luscious, and possess a beautiful flavor. If bucIi fruit as this can be grown in the district with out irrigation, it Bhows- that the district with irrigation is capable of producing anything. ° Dentistry.—We beg to remind all those troubled with the pangs of an aching tooth .that Mr W. Ball,'The emi nent dentist, may be consulted at Miss Leader’s residence, Allan-strcet. on Tuesday next. ’ 