THE NEW ANGLICAN CHURCH A T *. CLAREMONT. - LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE. Saturday wa? au eventful day in tho his pf the'Bubnrb of Claremont, when His Ex laney the Governor laid the foundation-si of tbe first Anglican Cbnrch establishe the district. Probably thora has never 1 auch a large assemblage of people at Ol mont since the place aspired to tbe dignit a suburb. The visitors were pri pally f rom, ^erllj; and included, beä numbers i»'"clergy,Sir John and. X Forrest, several members of Parliament many ladies. A great crbwdof"pet travelled down by theJjalf-past-three ti from Perth, whilst oUfers drove down by Fremantle Road. A9>etter day as far as weather was concerned, could not have b chosen for tbe occasion, and by 4 o'clock Msila^of ..the noV, pharoh wai a scone of Iii r/^taâtièét". » ÍChc"'sáaffolding bad been decora with bunting and a marquee erected tor convenience ^ojE^siaitoi», .whace^efreshme were proviikifaat a nominal rate^Mr; i Mrs. Alpin Thomson and Mr. and Mrs. J. Pearson were especially active in superinte: Mg tho arrangements. It was 'easy^to ttajt t^jOTemont nae mad* rapid ¡progresa * ila direction "of settlement during ' the 1 fct-'^eaikwr* so, and'1'the imall'suburb now p sesses a population bf about 200 souls, and faota small township, ha* sprang up in yeryshort space of time/ \- fa>s'jirbellency the Governor and Lady e Miss Robinson, accompanied by Capt: Stuart, drove down from Perth, and arrit about 4 o'clock. On tbe arrival of HÍB I . oellenoy the service was conducted by 1 Right Rsv. Bishop Parry, assisted by i Rev. James Allen, who has been in charge this district, and the servioe was also assist by an excellent ohoir, who formed a proa «ion to the site of the church, facaded by t Very Rev. Dean Goldsmith, the clergy the'parish, and a largo number of the cíer of the Diooese. MB. ALLEN having read tbe pray« seleoted for the occasion, His Exci lenoy laid the foundation stone, nsing t following words :-" Ia the faith of JOB ' Christ wo place this foundation stone in t name of the Father, and of the Son, and tbe Holy Ghost." His LORDSHIP the BISHOP commented < the progress of church work in tbis oolon : and also on the growth of tho suburb > Claremont. They had been for some tin anxious to erect a suitable church building i this leeaUty, and it was mostly owing to tl liberality of 'one of the residents of Ciar mont that they hal been able at last i accomplish their desire. It was by h liberality that tbey had bean able to make beginning of the good work. His EXCELLENCE, after the ceremony i laying the foundation stone bad been pe formed, gare au excellent address in whic be remarked on the progress made by tl Anglican Cbnrch in this oolony. It had falle . to his lot to lay the foundation atone of tb magnificent Cathedral they now had in Pertl Binoe the foundation stone of this Cathedri haá been laid great progress had been mad in every direction in this colony. They ha acquired the management of their own aff iir¡ and no one could deny that tbe colon had not proved itself entirely fit for tin great responsibility. Since his time th Perth Cathedral had been almost complétai at a cost of ¿£20,000, and a fine church hai been constructed at Fremantle at a cost o .£8.000, and those who wanted to know th present condition of affairs in connectioi With the Church of England had only ti refer to the address of tho President ti the Anglican Synod. Here they wonk learn the activity of the members o *he oburch and its great progress. Ii was a great pleasure for him to bo presem on that occasion te lay the foundation stone of what, as he believed with His Lordship the Bishop in saying, was one of the coming and rising suburbs of Perth. Referring tc the question of church music His Excellency said fae never looked at a church either the inside or from without, but he could not help wondering what was the character ol the music performed there. The selection of beautiful, beooming, and suitable songs was a matter which required discretion and knowledge on the part of those responsible. " In prayer it is better to have a heart with- out words than .words without a heart." These wore the words of Bunyan, and it was a quotation which be considered apt. They might take any words in the hymn book and let them be snng to music which was not sympathetic, and appealed to the ear more than to the heart, and then sing the came words again to an accompaniment beantiful in melody and in harmony. Ask the congre- gation which was the most effective. The \- first had reached the ear only, the Eesond ' would have reached the heart and called np certain feelings of sympathy and religions enthusiasm. He must congratulate these concerned on tho greit progress made in the Cathedral. This, continued His Ex oellenoy, would not be an inappropriate moment to expre«s the hope that this colony might be spared from that dreadful disease, the cholera, which was creating such devas- tation in JSurope at the present time. In this matter a heavy responsibility rested on the Government, which he was sure the government was alive to, and also on the people, who, he hoped, were also alive to their responsibility. 'There were two old axiomB, " Help yourselves and God will help yon," and " Cleanliness is next to Godliness." The first of these might ba a warning to those «* MBponaibie for the safeguarding of these 1 Jähereij whilst the «eoond might bo a re* ' ipfloaer to fcboso who bftfl lt in their power to see that tb« sanitary arrangements of ' the towns were worthy of the people, so that the beautiful climate of Australia might be froe from tbis visitation. His Excel- lency also made a few remarks on the ques- tion of tempérance: It WSB his wish that the drink tramo should be abolished in these new colonies. It had been said that if in England tbis drink traffic could be abolished altogether, sin and crime and poverty and misery would be reduced by oue half. They could not be abolished alto- gether, he admitted. It was almost impos- sible to abolish the trafilo entirely, but the clergy and the laity conld do a great deal ia this direction by example and by words of counsel,'which: could never be accomplished by Act of Parliament. He concluded by expressing the great pleasure it afforded him at being present on that occasion. 1 The Bishop having given the benediction,1 a collection was ¡nade, which resulted in a considerable addition to the building fund. A very handsome trowel was presented to His Excellency ai a^outteutrof tho occasion. The blade is mapufaotgj^spfteil ver beauti- fully chased reunid its edge, and on ¡the face are inscribed '«the words, " Presented to Sir W: "-O. ^BobinBon, K.C.M.G., on lacing the foundation stone of the Claremont jChnreb, 10th September, 1892. The handle is a very .prettily carved pieceuof Jjandalwoooj. The "manufacture of the'trowel was entrusted tj Mr. JF. Piaggio, Hay-street* v. The ; church will be a' pleasing strnotnre, and is to be executed in stone (quarried from Mr. Thomp. son's ground) with cement dressing. The principal entrance is on-the-North elevation facing the road and is emphaaizedlby tthe ad- dition of an attractive porch. The dimen- sions internally ara 45 feet by 25 by! 20 feet high at the walle, and 35 feet ia the centre. At tbe East ead, through au aroh] 16 feet wide an apse is provided in the form of a bay, which adds considerably to the appearance both internally and externally. A tipa.ee 25 feet by 12 feet 6 ins., is raised 6 ins. above the main floor level, forming the ¡chancel from whioh a door leads ts a vestry) 12 feet by IO feet by 13 feet high. The building has been designed by Mr. J. Talbot 'Hobbs, A.E.V.I.A., of Perth, and it is being!carried out by MesEr3. Boundy and Locke, ; When completed it will accommodate 106 persons, 24 in the choir. ! 