J°& oec Miss Hillee Rarlow away must go To England—(hat's her plan, So to lighten Hie (rip on board tbe ship She'll purchase " Kiti^ Working-man; Or, The Beign of a Terror"—price sixpence. AT the Theatre Uoy.il the management has hi>«ii pnvl tiring a douhlo lull, ]>l:i.vin£ " Dick Wiiittirifjtnii" and " Randolph tho Reckless." Miss liillee 1) irlow lias been Hit! bright- particular shir in both burlesques, whilst the comic element has been supplied by Messrs. Walton anil Shine, It is Hiinnttacid that next week will be the last uf the present management. "The tirassliopper" iw»' hops away, Though merrily it ran— Its place next Tuesday will l>e filled By our " King Working-man ; Or, the Reign of a Terror '"—price sixpence. AM. that's bright must fade, the brightest still the fleetest; Joys vi ere only made hut to be lost when sweetest. This appears to bo the reason why the merry " UvasshoippOT" to he taken off the boards of the J'rineess' when everybody was more in love with her than ever. Still she yields to an wpwl favourite in " Dorothy." Wiss Marie Jfalten will he the Dorothy R-intaiu, Miss Florence Young the Lyilia, and Miss Violet Vai ley the Phyllis, whilst our old friend Braey is soing to hob up serenely as Geoffrey Wilder, the remaining characters beinj> undertaken by their former representatives. " Dorothy" will no doubt worthily take up the running of " La, Ci^ale " on Saturday evening, " and until further notice," as the playbills say. " As in a Loiking-tilnss " we peer, And there our features scan, So PUNCH next Tuesday will "reflect " Upon " Kins Working-man ; Or, the Iteign oF a Terror "—price sixpence. As we have not yet had time ti read all the novels that a prolific world has published, it comes pass that "As in a Luoking-'ilass " •still .remains unperused by us, and we therefore cannot . say whether Mrs. Bernard lucre's dramatic versiou closely follows the story or not. We will assume that it does, and thus by a brief synopsis of the plot give our readers the dramatic and novelistie plots in one, without ex'ra charge. Tlie interesting individual whom Mrs. (iernard IWre takes (he liberty of introducing to our most distinguished consideration is a party by the name of Lena Despard. Lena is what may b.3 di.-scribi'd as "pretty hot property;" indeed, she is just, about as hot as they make them, even in modern society novels. J'Yoin what we Mil gather, TJ >nVa respectability, like her figure, i« of the slimmest. History is silent as to who or what she was before she married a Mr. Despard. Having married him, the grey hair and black moustache of a Captain Jack Kortinbras cross her patli, and the interesting combination of tho old head above the young upper lip prove too much for Lena, who is a thorough believer in the perfect woman's right of changing her admirers as often in she feels inclined. Mr. Despard, like theselfnh a'li inconsiderate husband that he is, pops his wife into tho divorce court, and p>ps himself out of the wedding noose, As Lena Jlespard does not reside in Noi til Melbourii3, or in a district where Dr. Lloyd is chairman of the linieh, she has to get her own living without recourse to her wronged husband. One nat urally would inmgi tie that Kortinbras would see to that.hnt as Lena is what iseaHed a" man's worn in" so Jack is a " woman's man" and thinks that Lena, should support liiin. The would-be deadheads therefore jiir.'h up livings ns best they can by gambling, card-sharping and other amusement, now common in the best families. Things have reaehel this stage when the curtain rises and the circus opens with a grand entree of the principal p 'I'fonners. a « # * Lena has been fooling around with a young Scotch prig n vine.J Algy Balfour. Algy is very wealthy, and lias very high notions of honour— in woman. He is not so particular abjut hiuivdf, for although he has been flirting away with Mrs. Despard, a lady whom he knows to be of doubtful repute, lie is engaged to be married to a robust specimen of English girlhood in the shape of Beatrice Vyse, a young lady with a severelysimple method of doing up her hair and a still more simple belief in any thing that Lena tells her, for it should b3 nientioied that, spite of her reputation, the divorced wife gets into the best English society. JIaviug got there she at ouee proceeds to " put Algy away" so far as Beatrice is concerned, as she has marked tho wealthy young Scotch prig for her own. Tlie putting-away process is very simply accomplished with a horn idiot like Ueatiice. Lena sighs once or twice iu liuatrice's presence, and it naturally occurs to the apology for a brain beneath the severely-simple hiuv that something is the matter. Leaiv admits it, and shows Beatrice an innocent letter from Algy and gets the little fool to "chuck" him without explanation. It is «, crushing blow to Algy, for he e innot understand feminine insanity so wild as to refuse an alliance with the wealth and priggishness of Balfour of Balfour Castle. It "knocks him higher than a kite," and then, like another bird of prey, Lena swoops down upon liiin in the shape of a sympathetic and sisterly consoler. This seeui3 all right and propur to Algy, who appears to think that the terrestrial system is run in his interests solely, hut Lena knows that sisterly sympathy soon proves to '• be dry liash to men and prigs, so she bides her time, and, like a practical woman, puts in time by going to the continent and gambling for a living. Opto this (lie story is soiiieivhat slow, but now the author sets to work, and begins to stir up the ingredients and thicken his plot a little. Lena obtains a (lower from the button-hole of a suicide, and this is supposed to give her luck at the gaming-table. She wins heavily, aud also conies into contnct, with a Russian Count. As a contrast to Captain Jack, tbe Count wears a moustache of crushed-strawberry hue, and is the possessorof a fearfully and wonderfully modeblaek belltopper, constructed on the nnderii-warehouso principle of looking as like tho Tower of Babel as possible.' The count is also a Russian spy, that being regardei as an ab:olute stige-neccssily with all counts nowadays, lie likes the business and wants to get Lena a billet iu the same line, but she declines with thanks because she has other fish to fry, or rather the golden Scotch goose to cook. The couut is so used to women accepting his offers that the novelty of refusal inspires him with a liking for Lena. At otic time he looks as if he were going to offer his heart, hand, and the elongated belltopper, but thinks better of it. Probably be could part with the ownership of heart and hand, hut his affection for the chimuey-pot tile is a whole-souled partnership that will brook no divided ownership. With an effort he represses his love, gurgles out his everlasting friendship, and strides oil underneath the belltopper that he has saved (ha ! 1m !) from the yoke of a pretty woman. The strawberry moustache having retired under the hat, the black moustache of the captain appears "as ina lookingglass," or, rather, as if ithad been looking too much ill a glass. Briefly, Captain Fortinbras is in drink, and as he is a downright bad 'un when sober, he is much the worse "for liquor." He demands coin. Lena refuses it, but generously oilers to pay (lis funeral ex-penses if he will go and commit suicide. Jack does not bite at this generous and seductive proposal. He prefers tlie money, and is about to pjss an Appropriation Act in a "free, easy and aceessible manner," when the strawberry moustache, and the loved, and not yet lost, belltopper suddenly rushes in, fix the quivering black moustache with their gory hue and liable shininess and exclaim :— "Go!" The black, moustache glares deadly hatred at the stravoert-y and combined envy and malice at the illimitable beaver. "Go!" reiterates the strawberry moustache, emphasising tbe injunction by majestically .vaving the hat in the direction of Marseilles. The black moustache tries to stay, but the hat's mesmeric power is too fearfully fascinating to be withstood. Jt goes. Some relief from thi= terrible tension is needed, for even Lena has baen spell-bauud by the mystic charm of the Count's hat, and has stood gazing at the two " inn's '" ami the cady like one in a dream. The rebel is the Scotchman. He conies in with the wildly "special and extraordinary " edition of news that he is going to buy a yacht, and that ho wants Lena Despard to marry him. That designing young wouim curls herself round him, says I" yes." and there is a hugging match that would mike an anchorite's hair curl. Their lips meet in one long colossal, lingering kiss —which is so long, colossal and lingering that it is not finished when the act drop falls upon the two pairs of limpet-like lips glued together. In the next act, however, Lena is doomed to (ind out that life is not all hugs and kisses. She has come to love this yuu.ug Scotchman, for the ways of women are inscrutable, and when the curtain rises on her wedding morn, and the fourth act, she feels that to lose his love and regard would kill her. It seems that on the day a man is to be married ill Scotland the high-toned thing is to leave his bride out in the garden whilst lie goes somewhere or other (o drink the doeh-an-durris, whatever kind of wedding whiskey that may be. Algy joesfor his Caledonian boose,and thus permits the ubiquitous Jack Fortinbras to turn up—of course, for money, as usual. On a previous occasion Lena was willing to go to the extent of paying his funeral expenses and giving him a decent sendolT. Now she feels that she won't go that far and tells him. literally that she will not give him a shilling, even for the purpose of purcliasing a halter. .Tack treats both the coin and the halter with undisguised contempt, and a, scene ensues, which is put an end to by Balfour having got through his doeh-au-durris quicker than be expected and putting iu an appearance. Kort.inbras now thinks that he has got Lena by the wool, so to speak, but she counters heavily upon him by making her own disclosure. She tells Algy that her husband divorced her, not t'other way round, that she has deceived him and all that sort of thing, aud so drives a whole cutler's shopful of daggers into his heart. He is knocked as high as a kite for the second time, and lapses into a state of coma to allow the action of the piece to proceed with Jack Fortinbras and give him his gruel whilst the Scotchman is taking his porridge on the garden seat. The Count again brings that, hauntiug hat to boar on Fortinbras, and the chapeau noir hands Captaiu Jack over to the English detectives, who are on the alert now that they have received neivs from abroad as to fortinbras' crimes. What those crimes are is not very clear, but lie has evidently a Williams record without a single re-Deeming virtue, so wo may assume that he gets it pretty hot. Anyhow, the grey head and the black moustache walk out of the play at this juncture. Balfour's coma continues in spite of Luna's passionate appeals and attempts to renew tliat third act kiss, in spite, too, of the Count's cool and somewhat impertinent advice to the man to make it up with his wife. Algy is adamant, however, and haviug given Lena time to get round and in position for the next scene, he goes oCfto see if another bottle of doch an-durris will do any good to his complaiht. * * # # It is the library of Balfour Castle. Lena is alone, aud is writing to her husband to (el! liiin that she has been and gone aud done it—tint is. she has gone in for a doch-au-;lurris on her own account, and has taken the " parting cup" of life. She locks the door to uiake sure that she will not be interrupted, and (hen the subtle poison begins to do its deadly wnWr, er-er-er! As soon ns Lena begins to got spasms aud chuck herself all over the placa she thinks that death by poison is not quite the cheerful picnic that she liadanticipated. She waltzes wildly round aud executes a jias- s-uI of repentance, hut she fails (o reach the door before sheshuflles oil her mortal coil in the middle of the stage. Algy and the Count burst iu the do:>r, but only to lind Lena artistically arranged on the carpet" a goner." Such in brief is the plot of "As in a Looking-Glass." It must be admitted that the mirror does not play much of the story, but as the dialogue is crisp and smart, nobody worries much about the plot. It is a fair acting drama of (he emotional typo with dialogue far above the average oE such pieces. * * # * The chief attraction centres round Mrs. Bernard Beere, who plays Lena Despard. We had heard a great deal about Mrs. Beere iu advance, aud we may as well s.iy at once that she is quite up to sample. She is the real thing in actresses, and bears the genuine trade-mark of rare ability. She has a tall, graceful figure, and a fine expressive face. She is eminently natural, and speaks her lines as if they were the spontaneous outcomu of her thought-, and not the composition ot a playwright. In the emotional portions Mrs. Beere is just as intense as the intensest ot women are made, whilst in the pourtrayal of affection—why, the fervour of that third-act kiss, to say nothing of the length to which its sweetness is dravvu out, is worth all the money charged for admission to the Opera House. She has the Bernhardt charm of abandoning herself thoroughly to the part she plays, and the result is that the audience forget all about the actress, aud think only of the fortunes of Lena Despard. Next to Mrs. Beere the success of the company is Mons. Marius. He bounded into favour at once—so did his hat. Mons. Marius is 110 doubt a good actor without that hat, and the hat is a good hat, no matter who might wear it; but the combination of Marius and Hat was irresistible. We foresee that this gentleman will become most popular in Australia, aud if, as it is said, he purposes settling here, our eld-established comedians will have to crowd up aud make room ill the front low of public opinion for Mons. Marius. Mr. Herbert Standing, as the scamp, Fortiubras, also mide a good impression, and has all tlie ease that a long stage experience gives. The calls made upon the rest of the dramatis persona are not heavy and are fully met. Mr. Otho Stuart playa Algy acceptably, although the part is not one to arouse much enthusiasm. Mr. kussell extracts some fun out of an old aud naughty admirer ot Lena's, and the same compliment may be paid to Mr, Brookley for his Charles, a waiter. Miss Henrietta Watson has but one scene, but played it in a manner so creditable fls to suggest still better displays when she gets better opportunities. Miss Urqnhart had to look handsome aud act a little, and she did both in the best of styles. The rest are mere suggestions of parts, giving none of tho representatives a ghost of a show. Verdict—Mi's. Bernard Beere and her company will do. Now swiftly passes "Captain Swift," With well-deserved clan, " Sophia" comes with modest mien To get " King Working-man ; Or, The Keign of a Terror"—price sixpence. Ai'J'hh a fairly good fortnight's business at the Bijou " Captain Swift" will be played for the last time to-morrow night, and the management will on Saturday replace it with " Sophia," the attractive dramatisation of " 'l'oui Jones," It wiil thus he seen that Messrs. Brough and Bouc.icault haw determined to keep up a succession of their good things without retaining any one too long on the boards. Their motto now is evidently " Cut and come again quickly." "I give them of sensations," Says Dampier, " all I can— Hut J?us!cu will kiv.ic.k 'em in one act With this 'King Working-man ; Or, the Keign of a Terror'—published next Tuesday—price sixpence." AT tho Alexandra Theatre the management has brought its blood and thunder up to date with a vengeance. Although theplay of" Wilful Murder" is announced as not being new, and does not profess to deal with the Windsor tragedy, it " gets there all the same." If it is not quite neiv, it seems to be touched up so deftly, and the gore has been laid on in such a cunningly and suggestively "localising" manner, that "Wilful Murder" is as good as new. Mr. Kobt. Vernon has to do some wife- killing, and he sets about it in a manner strangely ieminiscent of certain facts. He purchases cement aud goes through the hearthstoneeofiiuiug in such au expeditious manner that the audience almost fancy that lie must have been au eye-wituess to "that real affair" and was, no doubt, the valuable source of inforunitibn in putting the detectives on the track of his prototype. For stage purposes there are several virtuous characters connected with the plot of " Wilful Murder," add while Vernon aud Miss Vernon play the gruesome features, the Samplers, pere, mere et fille wallow iu virtue. The piece catches on well with the patrons of the Alexandra, and Mr. ltobert Vernon has to sneak home through tho bye-ways after the performance each evening, for fear of being lynched by a too enthusiastic and impressionable audience. ThK Victoria Hall management evidently believe in doing things thoioughly, and Mr. Billin's new first part," The Brigands," is destined to a long and successful career. The scenery is in Harry Grist's usual well- known style. The first "cloth " shows the entrance to the brigands'cave, and on (he rise of two other "cloths" we find " The Brignnds" at home, surrounded with all their booty, and beautv, the bills advertising "Fifty Beautiful Bandits." Alf Holland, Wadley and the other Holland, in fierce moustaches, and Whitburn and Gardner in fiercer jokes, send tho audience to the verge of insanity. The Walhallas, Stevens, Swifts and others all combine and worklike so many candidates for Parliament, the result being an excellent all-round show. Conduit's new overture is appropriate, and the dresses in the first part as dazzling as they are costly. Joe, your hand! At the Gaiety Music Hall this week Mr. Dan Tr acey treats metropolitan music-hall patrons to some fresh American arrivals, the Ackermans. Their appearance on Saturday night- was fully up to expectations, encores being the order of the evening. York and Clunes and the Hagans (Marlyn and Miss Lucy Fraser) were again to the front in those genuine sketches for which both artists are famous, and for which they work for all they are worth. The Taucherts and the remarkably clever song and dance duo, the Sherwood sisters, were also conspicuous for the excellent manner in which they rendered their '•ems.^ Judging by the attendances, the days of Dan Traeey should be long in the land, and once again we must congratulate the manager iu having such an able lieutenant as George Jonc3. THE Waxworks is thronged day and night, the presence of Williams being doubtless a great attraction. In addition to this, however. Phil Stuart has an excellent show on hand, and tho wonderful Woodroffe with his marvels in glassblowing is as prominent as of yore. THIS Cyeloiumas are rapidly making fortunes. 