MELBOURNE HIBERNIAN HALL. Its Present Difficulty- The Hibernian Hall, Melbourne, which has drifted into an awkward financial position, has a history 'full of interest (writes the Melbourne Standard). It owes its origin to the visit of tho Redmond Brothers, who came nere as ine emissaries ox tne Homo Rule cause some years ago. The City Council authorities would not permit them tho use of tho Town Hall, and the Irishmen of Melbourne at once determined to erect a hall of their own, which Bhould occupy a prominent sito in the city and serve as a temple to the cause of their native land. Competitive designs were sub mitted for the buildings, which were to cost from £10,000 to £30,U00, and though tho moro moderate among the promoters hold strongly to tho view that the Irish commu nity would be sufficiently burdened with a structure estimated at the lower figure, the majority went " bald-headed" for the more pretentious design, with a fine architectural front. People were prosperous in Mel bourne in those days, and a few thousauds hero and there mattered little. There was no borrower of whatever degree who could not find a lender. The result wag that the moat costly design was adopted, and the hall was ereeted at a cost of £31,600. Everything was sacrificed to "front," so much so indeed that the hall itself was a secondary consideration. and was made so small that it has never been of much service to anybody, not even to the Irishmen themselves. The Friendly Societies Act usually exempts trustees from personal liability in these things, and it was under this impres sion, wo are told, that the trustees, who are now being sued for £21,000 by the Cale donian Mortgage Co., wore induced to put their names to paper. On being asked to accept office as trustees it was represented to them that tbey would be exempt, in accordance with the terms of the Act, from any personal liability. They relied upon Messrs. Gillott, Croker and Snowden, solicitors, who had always acted for tho Hibernian Society, to scrutinise tho transaction, so that nothing of a pernicious character contrary to the provisions of the Friendly Societies Act Bhould be introduced into the deed of mortgage. With the fullest confidence of laymen in a lead ing firm of solicitors, they signed the deed whon it was put beforo them without ever bothering to peruse its con tents. In course of time tho interest fell into arrears. Tho rate of interest origin ally agreed upon for the loan of £20,606 was 6J por cent., with a penalising rate of 7J per cent, should the payments fall be hind. It was not until they were threatened with proceedings that the trustees learned of their true position and the imminent danger in which they stood of being ruined by an action at law. They went at once to Messrs. Mallnson, England, and Stewart, solicitors for the mortgagors, and remonstrated against personal pressure, in asmuch as they wero merely public men exercising their official capacity, in which they were protected by tho law. To their dismay, Messrs. Mullcson, England and Stewart pointed out that there was a clause in tho deed of mortgago by which they were mado personally liable as trustees, the same as if tho Hibernian Hall had been their own property. They went at once to Messrs. Gillott, Croker and Snowden, and remonstrated with them for having per mitted such an injurious clauso to appear in the deed, when they heard something that astonished them still moro. The solicitors had never seen the deed. It appeared it had been sent by Messrs. Malleson, Eng land and Stewart to tho manager of a cer tain bank (who was also a solicitor) who had been deputed to raiso tho loan, and with whom the solicitors ot the Cale donian Company had been treating directly. Tho banker never sent the deed to Messrs. Gillott, Croker nnd Snowden for perusal, but merely endorsed it "approved," and sent it back to Messrs. Malleson, Eng land and Stewart. Consequently tho solicitors for tho trusteos wero misled all through. Tho trustees on affixing their names to tho parchment were unaware that tho endorsement "approved" was. not tho endorsement of Messrs. Gillott, Croker and Snowden, and thus fell into the mistake of signing a document that was certain sooner or later to rise like a ghost from tho musty archives of a Iawyor's office and smito them. It is further asserted, on behalf of the trustees, that they havo never been leading people in 'connection with tho Hibernian Society, and knew very littlo of its affairs. They were called upon by the leading men of tho society, by reason of their public positions to assume office as trustees, and without inquiring very closely they agreed to accept office. Since undertaking office ono of tho trustees has died, leaving a widow and family, and - the widow has been mado a joint defendant with the other two. Should the action initiated go against her, it will mop up more than the wholo of _ the little estate left for her family's support by hor late husband, and render them absolutely destitute. A short time ago a movement was set on foot to start a limited liability company to take over tho hall, and release it from ite present unsatisfactory position. A number of prominent Irishmen identified themselves with the movement, which promised well until the disgraceful revelations in connec tion with the Larkin and Cleary frauds so disgusted the Celtic community that tho .project was abandoned, and finally- fell through. It is unreasonable to expect that Mr. Tuomy, Mr. Pilkington and Mrs. Murray will be allowed to be made the scapegoats in the present difficulty and ruined, for that is what it means if tho people for whom they acted do not como promptly to their assistance. The Hibernian Hall was not erected for the glory, and use of these threo people. It was the result of a wuvo of patriotic indignation that set in throughout the length and breadth of Victoria when tho Redmonds had the doors of the Town Hall Blammed upon them. 