ABOVE THE SPEAKER; ? By TniOTirEüS. ' Timotheus placed on high." In tactics Ministers are clever, undoubtedly clever. Sir Graham Berry has experience i Mr. Shiels has a lively grasp of the situation. In managing a Parliament-with the set object of holding the fort hon. gentlemen are hard to beat. Their settled purpose of remaining in gives them strength. The last bombardment disclosed weak points, and Ministers set to work with vigour to repair the breach, and to strengthen the position. There were some things which the leaders BOW clearly must be achieved, and that at once. The Dissentients must be mollified. There must be more vigour with regard to public works and in view of the failure of the new taxes, no discussion about the finances must be allowed. Ministers met the ' House on Tuesday with everything arranged, so that the preceding days had not been idly spent. The leaders of the Dissentient group had been placated. A new public works policy with a local loan was announced in the last month of the session.. And the Treasurer intimated that supplementary financial statements are, in his opinion, altogether superfluous. This is a new depar- . ture indeed, Hon. gentlemen complained loudly of the cut of the Opposition whip. But it has made them quicken their pace and open their eyes. Sir Bryan has been the bore friend of Ministers after all. It was necessary for he and the Opposition to agree upon a programme. And Ministers have repulsed the rush and captured the programme. Now they proudly hang out that banner on the outward wall, and in a day or two there will be declarations that this was the flag and no other which was originally hoisted. Will the session close at Christmas or will it not close ? is the question of the day. The result of the Opposition caucus on the subject is an open secret. There is to be no factious opposition, no attempt to obstruct, but the right to discuss fairly when discussion is called for is not to be foregone. Difficulties must be met and disposed of ; there is to be no stump-jumping plough business. This means that the Government must cut down its programme right and left, or-which Heaven forfend-must meet in January or February. A shrewd guess may be made at the Cabinet choice. Probably the Russian mother who dropped her children one by one will not be in it in the way of sacrifice with Ministers. The Dissentient Ministerialists of last week probably belong to the Government again. At one time Ministers thought that they had gone. And the Opposition made sure that they had come over. The fish were out of the water, but they were not landed. _ The members forming the group believe, no doubt, that they have done the best they can for the country-and not the worst for themselves. The Opposition could only deal in promises, and it is an open secret that, like Sir Henry Wrixon, Mr. Gillies will never indulge in traffic-well, will scarcely ever indulge-and Ministers have been-as the event shows-prodigal in gifts and pledges. The dissentients were in a position to do remarkably well for themselves. And yet it remains to be seen whether they have been brilliantly successful. The Railway Committee with its £5,000 per annum for salaries and incidental expenses rainy after all be check- mated. Some of the promised lines will hardly pass. There are those who dream dreams, and who see things darkly as in a vision. Tenny- son has one Such here, none of whose blood " could know the shadow from the substance " "And while I walked and talked as heretofore I seems d to move among a world of ghosts, And feel myself the shadow of a dream." Imagine such a one in the House these last few days. He would see sights and hear sounds, nor know where substance ended and shadow began. Rumours would take palpable form. Dimly he might descry the Genius of the Scene, acting in his old role of arbiter or auctioneer ' Gentlemen I have submitted many valuable lots in my time, but no more valuable lot than the one of Dis sentient Ministerialists which I am proud to _n) is now on the market It has great po mentalities I think it could 1 keep a Government in I am sure it could put a Government out There are country members in the lot and town members, not riff raff but men of parts and they swing all together A bid to start with I One portfolio Thank you sir The ridiculous price of one portfolio in a future Cabinet offered by the Left ' Two posts in a revived Standing Railways Committee Thank you, Mr Minister Iwo future portfolios' The but is against the Government sir Two posts in the Railway) Committee and the chairmanship ' There is plenty of buying get Two Ministerial portfolios and a northern suburbs line ' Y eil gentlemen of the Left that is more like business All done' all silent on the right' No , I thought not Three committee posts and two northern suburban lines Thank you Mr Minister, that is up to my reserve All done' I shall knock the lot down at this gentlemen 1 The lot is for positive sale It has been kept back for some time and is now finally on the mark at Only three Railway Committee posts and two northern suburbs lines bid for a turn the scale group of Ministerial Dis sentients No advance? Going I positively going! gone! I congratulate the Goverment sir, upon a bargain You have got value for your money The country 1 is of course Thank you for your attendance gentlemen This is the closing sale of the session. Once more we are all entitled to a well-earned recess. Sales will be resumed next May, and I shall hope for brisk business." If this weird seizure-this will division were the lot of anyone, who could point out the shadow from the truth ? There is one obvious criticism of the new railway proposals. To secure the northern suburbs vote it is necessary to submit a Fitzroy line and a Collingwood line also. In the big octopus bill of Mr. Gillies the two lines were regarded as an extravagance, and in a little octopus bill the extravagance is still more marked. Mr. Tucker is so skilful and Mr. Best is so popular that the unfortunate Collingwood members maybe jockeyed out of their line in the Assembly. But on the merits of the proposals the Council is as likely as not to put Collingwood in and to leave Fitzroy out. The makings of a pretty quarrel are here very much in evidence. The Mallee Bill occupied two whole days of the week, and it deserved the time but this does not look well for the end of the session before Christmas. There have been remarkable ups and downs in the colony during the past decade, most remarkable, reminding one of the Arabian Nights, where a man is a fisherman the one day, a prince the next, and back at his calling the day afterwards, having lorded it over genii, palaces, and treasures in the meantime. There are suburbs that were profitable orchards, which became magnificent building estates, and which are now sorry wastes. But the mallee has seen as wonderful a transformation as any of the districts. A decade back the occupants of the mallee were bankrupts. Noonedareown tohisbanker that he had a venture in the district. And now a mallee holder is the one man who is met with smiles in the bank parlour, and who has only to ask in order to obtain. The bill was passed to get the rabbits off the land, now the measure of the day is to regulate the rush of selectors to the land the Pamirs are called " nearest to Heaven," and the mallee was described as " next to fades It was the abode of Desolation now it is the Land of Promise Ministers would have liked the bill put through in silence but this could not be, and the debate was fairly maintained from both sides One of the features of the evening was the cheers which greeted Mr Dow when he continued his poetical description of the kind boards, and his v licious denunciations of those once popular institutions Mr Dow has sw ring round and he has swung round with a vengeance And the other was the declaration made by the IA Ministers of Lands headed by Mr Walter Madden that no new hill is wanted It the Government have difficulty in picking out good agricultural tenants, the pastoral lessees have none, The state, these ex-Ministers urge, could afford to let well alone. And the present Minister, Mr. M'Lean, is warmly with them. But the malcontents are led by no less a person than Sir Henry Wrixon'. with all his virtues and his amiability Sir Henry is a bit of a doctrinaire, and the distinguishing characteristic of a doctrinaire is an obstinate clinging to ideas. Sir Henry evidently thinks that he disposes of the whole matter when he says, "But if this new mode of settlement be right, and we let an agent pick men with muscles and with money, and. pass over deserving cases, our whole system of land selection has been wrong." The facts that the lessees, if allowed to subdivide, put good tenants on the ground, that the selectors are satisfied, and that the state makes money, are not denied, but Sir Henry puts it, " If we are to recognise these facts, what becomes of the theory!" And though a group of members cheer the new ideas, the House is not ready for a land board revolution. Mr. Robert Harper made a hit with a proposal for raising loans without increasing the public debt, of which a good deal more will be heard. Prepare the mallee for settlement with railways and waterworks, sell it at a good price, spreading the payments over thirty years. Then, if you sell £1,000,000, or £2,000,000, or £5,000,000, raise the money at once, devoting the receipts from the selectors to paying off principal and interest. Ter- minable annuities " is the technical name for such joint repayments. The debt disappears as time rolls on. The Trades-hall members caught on to this proposal, which evidently gave them a new idea of the possibilities of financing. Mr. Wallace, who is one of the veterans of the Council-one of its blunt-spoken members also-has never, it seems, cultivated an acquaintance with modern burlesque, ex- travaganza, and opera bouffe. He does not seem to have been drawn from his retirement even when "Mose" was played, and when " Lots of pretty Israelites danced before the prophet, With very light clothing and very little of it." Southe President's theatre party came as a revelation to him. The ladies of the ballet were so cool that they made him hot all over. He would rather, from what he has heard, go ten times to the Female Tug-of-war than once to the Gaiety. It does not seem to strike Mr. Wallace that it was the thing itself that was wrong about the Female Tug, and that the clothing question does not come in so much. Clothing, or the lack of it, is a matter of custom, as South Sea island experience shows. When the virtuous Mungo Park was captured by the Morocco Sheiks he was disgusted with their harems, and they thought his nankeen tights so indelicate that they would not let the womenkind see him until he put on a decent flowing robe. Doubtless it can be said for Mr. Wallace that the young ladies of the burlesque, like the old masters, are an acquired taste. And if he means to go to more theatre parties-if he is not warned off why, he should commence with Grundy's pleasant comedy, the "Pair of Spectacles;" or, " It Depends How You Look at the Case." It was the Exhibition trustees who wickedly put the idea about that the Gaiety was worse than their Female Tug. "Not," added Mr. L. L. Smith, " that I object to this." And he evidently did not. The member for Mornington is a born showman. And the issue who is to be Agent-General scarcely interests the House so much as the question whether Mr. L. L. Smith is or is not to run the Victorian exhibits at the Imperial Institute. If a majority of members will acquiesce in the selection, why, Ministers are agreeable, and the hon. member will go. A knighthood is considered certain. Sir Louis Lawrence Smith would sound well, and would as it were crown the career with the biggest advertisement of all. The names of hon. members are said to be coming in freely. "Bar the Female Tug business," says the doctor, "of course I shall. Do you suppose I don't know what's what ? See me receive the old lady. ' Albert Edward,' she will say as she goes out, the Victorian Court is what I like. It is all so strictly moral.'" "Any way," muses Mr. L. L. Smith, " I think it is a moral for me." A bird's-eye view of the situation. All things are possible even at this late hour. The ides of March have come, but the ides of March are not yet over. 