Commissioner John Turner, J,P., elected a dirastor of the Melbourne Starr- Bowkett I Building Society— a farther recognition of ; business integrity and financial sagacity^ The programme for next Monday's meeting of the St Kilda Literary Associa tion is ' Elocution,' in which the members will blossom out in that useful art. 1 1 The Prahran, Toorak; and South Tata; Ladies' Benevolent Soeietv have received' £100 from the Mayor of Melbourne's fund : for local distribution among distressed persons. The Hawthorn council wants tbe Govern ment to pass an indemnity bill, absolving municipal councillors from personal lia bility for a municipal overdraft at the close of the financial year. ' Tbe supplementary lists for the various St. 'Kilda divisions of the electoral dis trict of St. Kilda arc open for inspection at the office of tbe local electoral register, Mr. B. Hill, 857 High-street. The railway traffic returns for last week showed a slight increase on the correspond ing week of last year— very satisfactory, in view.ofthe depression being more severe sow than it was a year ago. Mr. G. Tale Linton, auctioneer, of St Kilda, held a most successful furniture sale at 'Sherwood' Mona-piace Punt- hill, South Yarra, on Tuesdayf when every lot was cleared at tip-top prices. I A Cinderella ball was held..on Thursday I evening last at tbe South -Yarra Hall in connection with Christ Church Literary Club. Our reporter has not stated if the meeting opened or closed with prayer. A treat is in store for the Prahran folks for the 4th:Jtily, on which date the Uev. T.J. Malyon, LL.B.. pastor of the South I Yarra Baptist Church, will lecture at the town hall on the ' Scottish Covenanters.' [ Mrs. Elizabeth EUerker, as administrator | of the estate of the late ex-Cr. W. H. , Ellerker, of St. Kilda, has filed ber schedule in tbe Insolvency Court. Liabilities, £8,950 6s. 9d. ; assets, £9157 ; surplus, £506 13s. 3d. Sergeant Finlayeon, of South Yarra, has been promoted lo succeed Sub- Inspector , Devinc as sub-officer, in charge of tbe | Collingwood police station. He will be l succeeded by Sergeant Oliver, of Williams town. Poor old Dcrbin Willder meets with a sad end — falls overboard from the Aramaa while voyaging from Brisbane to Mel bourne. Dcrbin, who seems to have been down on bis luck of recent days, deserved a better fate. A French comedy will be played at the St. Kilda Town-hall on Monday evening next , in aid of tbe sufferers by the recent cyclone at Mauritius. The Governor and Lady Hopetoun have signified their in tention of being present Wood-hawker : ' Buy a nice load of wood to-day, maum'? Mrs. Morariety : ' What siort of wood have ycz ? ' Hawker : ' Wattle bark, maum ' Mrs. M : ' Get away wid yez, I don't want what'll bark; I want what'll burn, ye spalpeen,'. That St. Kilda ghost has been playing sundry idiotic pranks during tbe week, frightening people with a sheet or table cloth. Mayor Marriott should warm him up if the police succced in effecting a capture Ul me euiy psuuuu-guuuu. A yountf man named Carl Samuel Bowe was charged with embezzling money from his employers, Mr. G.W. Firmin, butcher, of Caulfield, and Mr. J. Bace of Kyceton. He was sentenced to a fortnight's imprison ment. The mayor and Mr. Barnctt, J.P., presided. The Government labor bureau is to be established in a central position in the City, and Is to be conducted by an officer who will be supplied with authentic infor formation regarding the class of work available, and the rate of wages offered. Alfred Dampier, tbe genial and popular actor, is to be honored with. .a testimonial vuUinec this afternoon at the Princess Theatre. No man is more worthy of it, and we hope -our Australian Shakespeare will have a big bouse. Mec'ere. Bucban and Co. hold two im portant sales of Chapel-street property on Tuesday next, one comprising the hand eu me uuiiaiugem. poacne m wie wuupaviuu i of Messrs, Counsel Bros., auctioneers. There should be keen competition for this property. Daniel Harvey Hogan, newsagent of Grey-street St. Kilda, has gone financially bung, IbeTesnlt of the prevailing depression and lhe failure of biebank. Tbe liabilities arc, £730 18s. Gd.; assets, £222 15s. 6d. ; deficiency,_ £508 3s, Mr. S. H. Cohen is the assignee. Tbe Premier says it is enough to make ' one's heart bleed to think of the sufferings of the poor of Melbourne.' It is a pity. Mr. -Shiels' -pocket could not be made to bleed. One week's screw would go a long way to stop the cause of all tbe bleeding he complains of. By the way, touching our recent com ment on the absencc of any donation from Dr. L. L. Smith to the Mornington disaster fund, in justice to tbe ' only legally qualified,'' we may 6tatc that since our observations appeared be has added £5 5s. to the fund. The Prahran Phoenix Lodge of Buffaloes is again to tbe front in tbe cause of charity — this time in aid of the Mornington Disaster Fund, tbe 14th July being selected as the date of one of those gigantic mus ical carnival, for which tbe jolly Buffs are I famed. More anon. Bliss Sutherland, of the Neglected Child i rcn's Aid Society, appeared at the Prabran i :couit on Thursday, and asked that two little children named Ellen and Henry Wbeatley be committed to ber care/ Tbe mother of the little ones was dead, and the father was without employment. The bench committed tbe children as requested. Secretary Hughes, of Malvern, has suggested that a joint deputation from municipalities wait on the Metropolitan Board of Works to have the charge for water used in public reserves reduccd. The council resolved to act upon the bint, and it is hoped tbe adjoiniug councils will heartily co-operate. An enjoyable concert was given last night at the Prahrat Town-hall in connec tion with tbe St.. Kilda branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society. The pro* gramme, which was an exceptionally good one, was gone through very satisfactorily, A fuller report of tbe entertainment will ?appear in our issue of Wednesday next. In tbe Divorce Court on Monday, Bobert Giles, plumber, of Wicklow -street South Yarra, obtained a divorce from his wife, Helen Giles, on the ground of ber adnltery with one Biarry Giles, of West Melbourne, The parties were united in 1882, and there are three children of the marriage, of whom the petitioner will have tho custody. Our old friend, Mr. G. Vale Linton, of St. Kilda, holds another big sale bf Customs overtime goods on Tuesday next, by order of the Commissioner of Customs, who, true io bis colore; is a red-hot barracker-for ail that is local, notwithstanding the efforts of the Melbourne auctioneers to bring pressure to bear upon the Commissioner to squelch the local auctioneer. The twenty-first anniversary of the Y.W.C.A. was joyfully and fittingly cele brated on Toesday evening last at tbe Melbourne Town-hall, the musical portion of the proceedings, which was of a specially - attractive character and under the direction of Mr, Julius Hera, being -Contributed to by the ohoir of St. George's Presbyterian Churoh, East St Kilda, which earned universal praise, Tho usual monthly meeting of the Prahran Board , of -Advice was held on Wednesday eveninglast, there being pre--; eent Messrs, J. H.'Furneaux, in the chair, .Dr. Brson, J. Hendy, and A. Vrendcn- ] berp, correspondent , A quantity -of pontine business was 'transacted,' -none of which, j however* was of an important natnre. The ] ateeuoe of replies from tbe department in ? regard to matters brought before It. was j oomplalned of, the business of the board i being seriously delayed thereby, ! Measre. 6. Nathan -and CoV drawing 1 room decorations on tbe stage at Mr. E. Ford's u overflow benefit ' on -Tuesday evening last excelled -even tbe previous display, and the enthusiastic ^managing i partner. Ifc A. Nathan, oame in for hearty | congratulations, Mr. Nathan bas expressed ; his willingness to fit np ,the stage on any occasion where a charity is the predominate i lng feature. Hear, bear, Nathan J . Mr. W. J. Bradshaw delivered (\n in teresting and instructive- lecture . on ' Aoglq-Jsracl, or the Origin of the British | People^' in the Prahran Town Hall, on ; Thursday ovening. The mayor presided, ] ahd there was a fair attendance. Pressure , on our space compels ns to hold over ftpr j repoH until next issue. ( . , . | 