"How Shall Wc Wcclde Tills Question t" Now, which u tht wome-to have no appetite for your dinner, or tollacciio dinner for your appetiteI There are lata ot people on the one eide or the other o( this question. When "good digestion wails od appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude oE a person towards big meals. But roost of ub ire not blessed in that way; we either have too much food with out.an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better ta have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alteration and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in which the writer says, " I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy the food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on 1 If.the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, "In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their favour; the palate, to put'it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round if. My breath was offensive andiny appetite poor, with pains through the clieetand shoulders.whioh were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I W»b greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a bMlin my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot .wooder-that.under those circum stances our friend failed, to dp jostioetobie meals. He added that there was what he calls " aprioiing sensation" athiB heart, as though it was touohed with some (harp instrument. Thep, agaip,at. tipes he was attacked frith, sp^ms, the agony ot which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," be says, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have Inpie,for l mat afraid to -eat. "After a time! got,in to a low, weak, ner-. vous condition, andfelt miserable, as if some thing ;was going to happen, and this caused me to lose agood.-ueal pf£ls$p." Whatheijioqns .byth$ fear of "something, going to happen" is, ot course, the fear of tome calamity, such, as the . lose of. his position, Us own death, or. the.deajh x>f, somebody dear to him. This w$fe due, as. nis intimates, to the impoverished stateot bis blood (the life bearer), his unstrang nervel, ahd(to the brain enfeebled by Jack of nguriehinenK . The night of this form of illness is alwayp .'lull of' ghosts and. goblins, tbecreatnrea of ;a resting and nngoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my, work, for I had .a wife and family depending on tee. So I straggled on, bat what I Buffered for.over two years is past my power ot descrip tion. I am lure M <0>ie hat, /tuffered to niucft at Hint* done.'" In the' latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain ^s^one's own, apd is always harder to baw^tbapjie one's notioii.of his neighbonr's pain. There is;a countless multitude who are Ml the' while going through the same wretohedi:e*perienee, only wedon't happen tocoqisJn touch w)Uithem. Well, the writer finally mentions that after' all'medic^l treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to«ad jn.a book of a cese exaetlyMkt hit ;<wnhaving been cured by Mofher BeiceVa 8yrap. "My wife," he says, " got me a bottle at'Mr. Ii&hgstaff;'s, in Wood lesford, and attar utingits contents the ailment left me has never retoniad sinc^{that fortunate dajj. I should lite the whoie. worjd to .know wnat'it did tot- me.'I'have been employed by the Midland . Hallway Company for eleven. (Sigped). " Qjsoboe HUNT, "C<Lr^ottotnBo*d, " Apperly Bridge, near, Leedi." We publish this, by Mr.. Huot't desire, in order thatpatt'of the woMikt least may know how thankful bell jui|Mor vbatteuon. 