One of tho comic papers lias a picture of Dceining's ghost rising to protest against being outdone in tho art of murder by the thrifty race of baby farmers. And truth to say, if doparted assassins sot any particular store by thoir reputations as professors in tho blood-letting art, thoy may well feel jealous of llio progress of systumatised child slaughter. 'i'lio digging up of a score or so of dead babies from tho back yards of tho Makins in Sydney may scorn a trido gruesome to people who havo no turn for tho lino art of baby killing ; hut tho wonder is, not that tho cheerful .MtWns should stand in tho dock on this charge, hut that anybody should lio surprised at tho revelations. Tho fact is that for years past it has been very woll known to tho initiated that, as Makin frolicsomely put it to his Syd noy friend, " There's a good thing " in children." . It is n simple develop, monk of what our frcc-trado friends call tho natural operation of tho law of supply and domand. Half a contury ago in Eng land, when there was a brisk demand amongst tho surgeons for "subjects" for dissection, tho accommodating " rosurroo- " tionists " undertook an adequate supply, anil tho bodies of tho dead Yvcre mado to pay profitable "toll to tho support of tho living. And when tho supply of good sound corpses inconsiderately fell short, practical economists like Burke and 1-Iaro, rather than see tho economic doctrine shamed, took to making corpses by on ingenious plan of their own, so as to keep tlie doctors in countenance. It is precisely tho samo in this baby slaughtering businoss. In Victoria alone there are nearly 6000 single women living in a state of coneubinnge, and about live infants out of every hundred who open their eyes in tho world probably never know their own fathers. Such "pledges of " affection " arc more or less troublesome to their mothers. If the girl ho a domestic servant, she must " put out " baby to nurse in order to earn her own living ; if she ho a sprig of aristocracy, there is ail tho more necessity for being rid of tho encumbrance. And in cither of these cases ..it is plain that the baby farmer lias a fertile patch of ground from which to reap a orop of profit. But although these Sydney Makins, assuming tho evideneo to he proved, aro promising students in thoir delectable profession, they have not reached the proficiency to which their com patriots havo attained in tho old country. English professors know how to kill off their surplus infants much more smoothly than colonial professors do. There are some 55,000 children horn ont of wedlock evory year in England, and of these littlo bastards from 1000 to 1100 are annually killed off by various moans as a penalty for their untimely appearance Yvhorc iliey wero not wanted. Some are done to deatii by neglect, which was tho unavoid able condition of thoir birth ; some aro killed outright by their distracted mothers in their delirium of despair ; others aro slowly tortured to death for gain. According to tho Bov. Benjamin Wangli, who has devoted his lifo to child rescue, this baby killing trado has . ,liccome a "prodigious business." Its professors bunt in couples. Thero is a "farmer" and a procurer. Mr. Wangli writes tin the Con temporary Review : — Whon found, tho procurer is mostly of olotin, gnntcol, respectable olotliing end manners. Slio often professes that she has been married three, fivo or 'sevon years, lias had no child, nnd is anxious to ndopt ono from tha birth. She wants something to compassionato and to love. For tho receiving of tho baby an appointment is usually mado at a railway station, from whioh (whon negotiations aro successful) a Yviro to ono of her receivers simply announces that sho is on the way. Her business is to Bnaro ; her receiver's is to slay. Theso people regularly advertise them selves in tho papers, especially where life is considered "gay." Thero aro vari ous rates in vogue- for baby slaughter," according to the manner in which it is done. Tho prices rnngo from £5 from servants to £200 from gonteol people— " no reasonable offer refused." Where tho mother is poor tho job can be dono very cheaply, bccauso of the infinitesimal risk. . It is quite a revolution to hear Mr. Waugh relate his experiences : — It is inorcdihie to wlint lengths of confidonoo the "farmer" will go when sho no longer doubts that Blie lias found somebody ns knowing nnd ns had ns herself, -and bIio sees n roaiul sum of money in it. One who advertised, "a rospcot- nblo married couple want eliatgo of a baby or to adopt," in conversation, witli tho greatest simplicity and straightforwardness, refused £25 with ohild nnd £25 at death, on tho ground that "sho had bettor oifcrs than that." Sho would tako £60. Sho had been able, bIio said, to refer to her clergyman till lately, but she had given up going to ohuroh nnd gono to chapel, heonuse tho euro to had asked if tho last child she hnd was not " born in sin." Another who advertised "happy homo for a little child, with every caro aud attention, nice liouso and very healthy," ngroed, also in conversation, to receive £100, the child to be dead in three months, adding, " the sooner I hnvo it the better." Another, who put tier proper and full name nnd address oil her adver tisement, nnd to the paper sho ndvertisod in gave her viear as reference, undertook tbnt for £50 a lady's ohild should not bo bom alive,' adding, " It is easily done— tho easiest thine in the world." Wo have not yet had any precise descrip tion of the " farm." as it . was cultivated in Sydney by tho Makins. All wo know about it thero is that, according to tho descrip tion of the proprietor, it was "a good "thing" from a lucrative point of view; but the Bcv. Mr. Waugh has given lis somo graphic pictnres of these " industries " as they exist in London. , The modo in which the babies are killed without any risk from the coroner is quite a study. There is a littlo room twelve feet square. Fivo little children were shut up in it. On tho door being opened tlio stench was so stilling as to make an adult vomit. The children woro crawling about in their own 'filth. It was bitterly cold, but there was no fire. They were all too weak to cry— littlo hits of yellow, fevered skin and 'bone. Their only clothes woro a few haudfuls of rags'.' " And a man and his wife sat watching " this mass of filth and famino, so muk- " ing their living. ; It was their trade." In one case mentioned, whore a mother had purposoly placed two of her children' in one of these places to ho killed,- she regularly visited them to sco their pi-ogress towards dissolntion. Sho saw her infants lying unmoved for days "on pillows, cold, " wet, sodden with filth, and creeping witli " maggots, a piece of sacking over them." Sho had to pay 12s. a week for them as long as they lasted, so sho was, of course, anxious to see them treated as " expedi tiously" ' as was consistent with safety. . But this does not oxhaust tho phil anthropy of tho "farm" in England. A most ingenious business has sprung into cxistenco through tlio means of infant lifo assurance. The baby's lifo is insured., A penny a week is paid on it, or any other snm named in the policy. On the child's death a certain sum is paid to tlio parents or " farmers." Mr. Justice Day somo timo sinco spoko of these institutions' as "pests « of society, which seem to ho constituted " for tho destruction of children and for tho "perpetration of murder." It is declared that by theso means alone in England a thousand children, or an averago of about tlirco a day, are murdered ovory year for insurance monoy. From another paper Yvritten by tho philanthropist above quoted wo tako the following : — 'I'licro is in England n liord of oruoi, rookiosn, married and unmarried creatures with maternal organism, whom, for morbid viliany towards their young, hot-blooded ' nnd eold-bloodod boasta and reptiles fail to supply figures of speech to describo ; nnd thero nro mnlos to match thorn. Thoy nro lazy as sloths, lustful ns monkeys, crnfty nH serpents, savngo as tigers. Some wan ton, noma hot, somo drink, nomoaiirso, somo lie, and they hnvo babies. Tlioy feol "in luck" when thoir child is sick. Thoy hnvo no pntionco with tho slow ways of dentil. Thoy know the "poor mothor's friciidn " — syrups and rat powder and starvation. In all death ways they are olovor. Thcro is no suspicion at nil Mint these descriptions aro exaggerations. The reve lations of tho coroners' courts havo mado them only too clear. These victims form tho class of offspring which Cardinal Man ning six years ago Yvrotc of ns " tho child " of tho English savage." Unfortunately, " tho English savngo " is found in all ranks and conditions, nnd tlio Sydney rovolations of tlio last fow weeks aro a convincing proof that Greater Britain is quite ready to iinitnto the parent vices. In Melbourne wo have legislated specially for tho protection of chihl life. But so tlicy havo in England nnd Sydney ; aud seeing tiiat our own legislation lias been but very imperfectly put into opera tion, is it not quite likoly that uiulor tho same sod of conditions — tho same avorngo illegitimacy, and the same laws of supply and domand — thero aro nests of murder among onraolves Yvhero poor wan creatures are gasping out thoir frail livos amidst con ditions more pitiless than those Yvhero tho junglo tigress ravnges and devours? Among tlio various forms of business which modern civilisation has dovoloped, none possesses moro general interest or deals with incidents of greater importance than that of Lifo Assurance. In somo of the countries of Continental Europe — notably in Germany — schemes of insnranco for certain classes havo boon organised undor tlio direct control pf the State, but it is among English speaking communi ties that the voluntary system has attained its vastest proportions. Tho Australian colonies aro woll represented in this lino of progress, its leading associa tion, tlio Australian Mutual Provident Society, having advanced in 10 years to the froiit rank. Started on a basis Btrictly mutual, with no capital beyond that con tributed by its original policy holders, it can boast of nenrly £10,000,000 invostcd funds, and divides an annual profit bonus of close on £500,000. A report on tlio mor tality experience of this institution for tho years extending from 1819 to 1888 inclusive has just been issued by its actuarial and medical , departments, presenting facts which demonstrate continuous improve ment in tho condition of tlio colonics for lifo assnranco purposes. Tlio first mor tality experience wasdetorininodinl878, and tiio actuary, Mr. llichnrd Tcece, is enabled to show by comparison therewith that the deatii rate among policy holders was steadily becoming more favorable to tho society. lie considers that tlio larger per centage of endowment insurances in the later period is mainly accountable for this advantage. At the end of 1878 thero had boon issued of what are tormcd wholo lifo policies 28,812, of -which there remained in forco 22,291 ; while tho endowment policies issued numbered 13,838, of which 11,225 remained. By tlio end of 1888 the whole lifo policies issued wore 71,611, and remain ing in force 19,163 ; whilo of endowment assurances 50,515 had been issued, 36,128 remaining. Tlio proportion of endowmont assurances in forco had thus increased from' 50 per cent, to 73 por cent, of tlio wholo lifo policies ; and Mr. Teeco adds that at the date of tlio report, namely, September, 1892, tho endowment policies readied 88 per cent., and he anticipates that they will soon ho equal in number to tho whole lifo policies. Under tho prin ciple of endowment tho money assured is payable to tho person insuring on his attaining a specified age unless death puts in a .claim at an earlier date, and it wil l he readily understood that tho system lias more attractions for people in ructo health than one under which they can receive no per sonal benefit. The report from thonicdicnl stoil' emphasises tho fnvorablo character of the society's mortality experience, com paring it witli that of a typical British institution, tlio Scottish Widows' Fund, and the leading institution of America, tlio Mntnal Lifo Insurance Company of Now. York. Dentlis from violenco are, hoYY-cver, of far greater frequency in tlio record of tlio Australian Company compared with either tlio Britisli or American, a fact attributable to tho conditions attaching to a country in process of initiatory settlement. In the Scottish Widows' Fund violent deaths count only 2.80 of the wholo; in tlio Mutual Life of New York, 7.96; and in tho Australian Mutual Provident Society, 15.14. Another cause of deatii in respect to which improvement may he anticipated is typhoid fover. This is sot dowii as nil in tlio Scotcli Company, and 5.08 in the Australian. Here, however, the New York record is bigger than ours, being 6.39. 'Pro rata to population, Australia lias pushed tlio lifo nssurance business moro vigorously than England, and can stand comparison oven with tho United States. The fact is doubtless cliielly dne to . its adoption of tho mutual principle at an early date. For more than a hundred years in tho mother country operations in this lino were kept in tho hands of proprietary companies, and wero worked rather for the benefit of shareholders than of policy holders. Hoyv enormous these profits were will bo realised when it is stated that shares in somo of the offices woro sold nt no less than £7800 por cent, premium — that is to say, £10,000 originally paid up had become worth £780,000. An existent proprietary company in London nt tho present time, with a paid-up capital of £80,000, divides that Bum yearly by Yvay of profit among shareholders. It took a long time for tho outside public to discover that life nssurance properly worked needs no capital beyond that subscribed as premiums on the policies issued. The first lifo office established in England; the Amicable, was founded in 1706. Half a century, elapsed before a second, namely, the Equitable, devoted simply to life busi ness; was projected, and it was not actually established until 1762, although the Boyal Exchange and Loudon, doing general insur ance work, obtained charters 40 years earlier. ' Another noted general insnranco organisation was tlio Hand in Hand, established as far hack as 1696, but not undertaking lifo nssuianco until 1836. Tho Scottish AVidorvs' Fund, which lias taken the lend of all tlio British companies, was not started till 1815. From tho report of tho Board of Trado for 1890, it appears that thero are 101 offices furnishing returns in accordance Yvitli tlio Act of 1870, four of those being American Companies, and ono Australian. The gross yearly income front premiums and interest received by tlio British institutions is twenty-fivo millions sterling, a sum which about equals tlio revenues of the whole of the Australasian colonies. Including accident and friendly societies, hut without in any way reckoning fire nnd marine business, tho amount which the provident classes of Great Britain have nt stako in these organisations is estimated to oxccoil tho total of tho British national dolit. Such n dovolupmant ns this would havo been regarded at tlio beginning of the contury as uttorly incrcdiblo. InBiirnnco transactions a hundred and fifty years ago partook largely of tho nature of gambling ventures. Everything to which an oloinent of doubt nttachcd, from tho issuo of a pending battle on tho Continent to tlio sex of Chovnlicr D'Eon, wns docmcd fitting subject of a wager policy ; and it was not until an Act was passed in 'tho year 1784 prohibiting such speculative insurances under heavy penalties that the business was confined to legitimate channels. It is in tho United States, however, that tho most stringent laws affecting such enterprises havo been passed, and lifo assurance lias attained its mightiest dimensions. Tho American compnny which tho Australian Mutual Provident Society quotes in its tables of comparison, tho Mutual of Now York, was established as Into its 1843. It lias, therefore, just com pleted its seventh sopteniiato," and during that poriod has received from its members within a fraction of £89,000,000. It has paid back in completed' policies and Biirrondor values £68,215,248, and holds in trust for mem- liors £33,156,995. Tho amonnt paid away by it in cash bonuses is £3,928,819, and the policies issued lost year readied tho astounding total of £35,981,014. Thoro is a British ollico established ten years prior to this American colossus which, although possessed of influential directors in London and abroad, owns funds undor a million and a half in extent, and takes in a year for noYV premiums littlo moro than tho American company takes in a day. Tlio principal canso of this amazing dis crepancy has to bo sought in tho different systems of management adopted. In England tlio old methods are still followed by most of tlio companies of engaging a socrotary or manager who is simply an employ of the hoard of directors, and is accorded neither adequato powers nor sufficient pocuniary motive for energeti cally pushing forward tho interests of tho concern. In tho States it is customary with nil the largo institutions to repose almost despotic authority in tho hands of : tho president of tlio hoard, who is paid a salary which increasra proportionately with tho augmen tation of businoss, and who, in tlio first instanco, gains his appointment hecnuso of the reputation lie lias earned in tho insurance world. In this and other Yvays, whilo considerably larger sums' aro paid for tho obtainmcnt of now business than in England, fresh policios are perpe tually streaming out, and tho proportion of general expenditure to income is kept within fairly safe bounds. Tnn cable informs us that Hayti, the Black Eopuhlic, is onco moro in revolt against its President, General Uippolyte. Tho nows in itself is of slight importance, hut the example of Uayti has a never dying influence in tho United States on account of the supremacy of Jdio negro in that fer tile but most unfortunate island. It is useless for a certain ignorant portion of the Press to attempt to deny, that tho negro question entered largely into the recent Presidential cloction in the States. Mr. Cleveland and Mr. Stovonson, tho Demo cratic candidates for tho Presidency and Vice-Presidency, both laid great stress upon this issue, whioh would hnvo been unquestionably resuscitated by tho Kepuhlicans had they boon returned to power. Ono of tho principal planks in the llepublican platform was tho Force Bill, which provided for tho presence of United States troops at tlio polls whenover the President thought the negro vote was likely to ho dominated by tho whites. There Yvas a general revolt against this measure, which would havo handed over many of tho fairest States in tho South to negro rule. It was mainly on this point that tho llepublican party was defeated in 1890, and not, as has boon falsely asserted, upon tho M'Kinlcy tariff— a fact that was amply proved in the following year by tho elec tion ot Major M'Kinloy himself to tho Governorship of Ohio. It has always been the policy of tholtepulican party to inflame the passions of tlio negro voter in the South against tho whito, because tlio negro always votes the Bepublican ticket, and tho white man, with tlio oxcoption of tlio "carpet- " bnggcr," the Democratic. This issuo is known in tho States as tho " bloody shirt," and it wob in reference to this antagonism of tlio white to tlio colored man in tho South that Mr. Blaine made his his toric declaration, "Thero is another pre- " sidoncy in the bloody shirt." Tho havoc mado by tlio negro domination in tho South in the post helium, days is frcsli in tho minds of all patriotic Americans, irrespective of party linos ; and tlio island of Hayti, in whoso waters two or three Yankee men-of-war are always stationed, is a voritablo skoloton at tlio foast to remind them that no Force Bills must become law. - Revolutions in Hayti are as thick as peas in a pod. Olio negro succeeds another with startling rapidity, and such a thing as settled government lias been utterly unknown since the French wero oither massacred or driven from tho Black Republic. It is now tho turn of General liippolyte, a full blooded negro, to feel the fickleness of his felloYV 'citizens. Three years ago the peoplo woro murdering the adherents of iiis predecessor, General Legitime, right nnd left, aud iioyv they are performing the same kind office for his successor and his supporters. Can it bo wondered- at that tlio Americans, witli such an object lesson at thoir very gates, supported Mr. Cleveland against tlio Republicans and the Force Bill? The negro has shown himself utterly incapable of self government. He is vain, childish, . dislionost, and, Yvlien his passions arearoused, bloodthirsty. It is narrated that during ono of tho frequent insurrec tions which marked tho rulo of the French in Hayti a negro leader held aloft a crucifix, and, pointing to tlio hlcedfiig body of Our Saviour, exclaimed, " Les "Wanes l'out tud, tuez tous los Wanes." "The whito men slew him, slay all tho " whites "—a pleasant return for the pacific teaching of Christianity. Hayti, an island no whit inferior to Cuba in fertility and natural advantages, has been reduced to a pitiable condition under negro supremacy. Her ftoltls are uncultivated, although coffee and sugar grow with a startling luxuriance. Her mineral resources lio dormant, though it is holieved that her hills contain great Yvealth. Coft'eo planted by the French grows Yvild, and by tho sale of its berry and of logwood tho soi disant Government mako enough to live in riot and disordor. Hayti is a glaring example of tho inability of tho nogro to govern himself, and this fact is every duy brought homo to tho American citizen. Negro sapreinacy is a condition of nffairs which tlio American will not endure, and tlio historian of tho future will doubtless bo obliged to attribute much of tho defeat of tho Republican party in 1892 to the ill advised Force Bill. 