THE NOVELIST. THE OLD HOUSE OF DUNTHEIM. A STUDY IN PSYCHOLOGY. Bt Gobdon Stab lbs, M.D., B.N., Author of " Leaves from the Log of a Gentle man Gipsy, &c.;" CHAPTER L MYSTERY. The mansion house of Duntheim is a very old one, and itB position, high up on a bold and wooded cliff by the banks of the Wye, is singu larly romantic and beautiful. The river beneath goes winding in and out, as if loath to leave so lovely a oountry; broadening ont here, so that its waters soaroe cover .the boulders and peb bles that form its bed; narrowing there and swirling, deep and sullen, between Dlaok walls of rock, and anon forming dear brown pools beloved of the angler, and beloved too by lovers whose boat may rest in peace under the green arms of overhanging trees. Verily a charming stream is the river Wye 1 I had at first but seen a photograph of Duntheim in the portfolio of my friend Jack son, who had lately fallen heir to a few handy thousands. " Oh ! by the way, Gordon," he said, as he noticed my looks of interest and admiration, " I've taken that old place for the autumn and winter months. Yes, it is a curious craze of mine, but after all these years of struggle and toil in business there is nothing I do so much desire as a few months of perfeot rest. Drop down and see me though. I shall be all alone, except for the one or two friends like your self I shall keep importing. You can have some some shooting and fishing always. So promise." I promised. I And September saw my friend and I seated by our two selves in the antique, low-oeilinged dining-room, overlooking the green glen and the wooded banks of the winding Wye. Duntheim must have been built m trouble some times, for the lower windows, with the j exception of those of the dining-room, which opened French fashion on to a pretty veran dah, were olosely barred. Sheer down over a precipice you could look from this verandah to the river s dark surface. Trees even far be neath clinging to the rocks, many of them torn and battered with the lightning, and round these on this still delightful evening the rooks kept wheeling and cawing, I don't know whence Jackson imported his servants, but they were strangely in keeping with the antiquity of the place. A quiet and tidy maid servant waited at table: but here too was an old, old butler, so quaintly respect able in dress and in manners that he seemed to have stepped out of one of the many large and ancient pictures with which the walls were hung. We had had a good day on the stubble, and made good bags, and I at all events felt com fortably tiled, just in form to enjoy a good dinner, with a quiet talk and smoke to follow. We sat out on the verandah while the shadows of evening deepened and deepened over the wild landscape, till at last [I could see nothing of my friend save the red tip of his huge cigar. Then, as the night winds began to wail and imoan through the pines below we retired within to the cosiness of the drawing room, and easy chairs before a fire that looked as cheerful as the face of an old and valued friend. Silently and on tiptoe came the maid at last with the good old-faBhioned candlestioks. "I'm putting you in the tower bedroom," said Jackson, laughing; I know you like to go aloft, and you will see the sunrise over the Wye Woods, if you are awake in time." " I hopo " he added, " that you won't see a ghoBt." " Psychology," I said with a smile, " is a favourite study of mine, and I really wouldn't mind seeing a ghost." "Well," he replied, "that would be the naked truth at all events." The turret chamber to whioh my friend con ducted me was octagonal in shape, but roomy and capaoious, both walls and ceiling were of dark panelled oak, whioh but for the few ancient pictures that hung here and there, the cneenui |nre ana one pea wicn its snow-wmce drapery would have lent an air of |eloom to my eurroundings. The room had evidently been UBed aa a study at one time. Yonder was an oaken bookcase and near it a table at which some one must have been wont to write in the brave days of old. I sank into the low chair near the fire after Jackson left ine, and should soon have fallen aBleep had I not roused myself and preceded to undress. My last act before retiring was to draw up the blinds of the eastern window, for high over the dreamy woods a big round moon was rising, and I wanted its rays to lighten up the room. Not a sound was there to be heard out of doors or in. The most complete silence reigned around this strange old house of Duntheim. I must have fallen into a sleep as sweet and deep as that of childhood the moment my head preBBed the pillow. How long I slept I know not, but I awoke quite suddenly. No, not with a start, it was the strangest awakening ever I have ex perienced. I seemed all at once to be restored to complete consoiousness and perfect mental aoti vity. The room was quiteflooaed with moon light ; I could soarce believe it was night and not day. Something caused me to turn my head and look towards the fireplaoe. A morsel of coal I think had fallen on the fender. The fire was was still burning, but was] somewhat dull; for on the hearth and on the small chintz covered easy-chair, the moon's rays fell with unusual brightness. But, mercy on me ! some one was sitting in that chair! I don't know that I started, though a man of nervous temperament. I have never felt fear in times when presence of mind was neoeseary to safety. Besides,' there was nothing startling or terror-striking about the being who sat there. Quite the reverse. A lady of fragile form, but young and very, very beautiful. The pensive melancholy in her up-turned eyes —nay, it was more, it was grief—actual grief, for tears trembled on her eyelids — added rather than detracted from her singular beauty. Where did she come from? What was she doing there? Could she be aware of my pres ence? Was I dreaming? I muBt be I thought. I distinctly remembered as one does remember things, even in a dream, having bolted my door before retiring. Still, if dream it was, it was a terribly real one, and it had complete possession of me. For the time being I was hypnotised, under a spell. I gazed long and wonderingly at the figure. I almost feared to move lest she should disappear. As I looked she slowly rose and glided or walked towards the oaken-table. At a touch, it seemed, some secret drawer flew open, and somewhat to my horror now, the lady extracted therefrom a curious dagger shaped knife. It fell from her fingers audibly enough next moment, and with a moan that was almost a cry the lady fled towards a door in one of the Bides of the chamber which I had not before noticed. There was less light here, but I could distinctly see the door opsn, the figure enter and disappear. I sprang out of bed and quickly lit my candle. I shall find aolue to the mystery now, at all events. Hurriedly throwing on a dressing-gown, light in hand, I rushed towards the mysterious door. How stiff it was 1 It did not appear to have been opened for ages, and when it did at last yield, the hinges craoked and creaked. But on entering I found myself cot as I had expected in another apartment, but at the foot of a winding iron staircase that led to the roof. Not even a cat oould have hidden itself here, so I hastily followed the steps and soon stood right out on the turret top and in the moon light flood. Around the roof was a kind of embattled para pet, but I looked in vain for her t had expected to see. No one was here, nothing was here except a half-rotten flagstaff, from which years and years ago a flag may have floated. I walked to the south side of the tower, where far beneath the wooded precipice stretches down, down, down to the darksome river. But surely that was the flutter of a white garment descending over the greenery. Yes, I could not be mistaken, and in a few seconds it reaches the water and is swallowed up. For the first time I now experienced a strange but unmistakable sensation of super stitious dread. I cast one brief glanoe around me, then, candle still in hand, slowly desoended, and was glad when I once more stood in my own room. 1 carefully examined the oaken-table, but could find no signs of a secret spring or drawer. Getting more and more bewildered and feeling drowsy now, I determined to once more Beek mv couoh and try to sleep. I would not extinguish the candle, however, I had now a child-like dread of being left alone, in the darkness, or in the moonlight, whioh was even worse than darkness. I fell asleep at last. I believe I fell asleep with a half-formed intention of seeking instant audience of my friend Jaokson in his own J room. I remember thinking of this as soon aB I awoke, and found it broad daylight. But there stood the candlestick on the table where I left it, the candle burned down to the socket. All thoughts of saying a word to Jackson about my strange experiences were instantly banished when I entered the cheerful breakfast-room, and my eyes rested on my friend's laughing face. Here was a breakfast fit for a prince. How delightfully sweet the new-laid eggs and toasted bacon; how brown and fragrant the tea, and the huge plate of boiled mountain trout. Why, verse alone could depict their merits ! Presently the maid brought in the letter bag, and nodding apologetically to me, Jack son commenced to investigate the contents, " Oh," he said, as his eyes scanned the pages of a business-looking letter. " How annoying! Just as a fellow is getting settled. To town I must hie this very forenoon. You won't mind, will you, old man 1" " I'll be sorry to lose you," I replied, " even for a day, but I can shoot, and fish, and read, you know, and besides" I said no more. I had been thinking of that turret-chamber, and the mysterious table whioh I determined to examine most thoroughly, even should I have to knock it to pieoes. But I ceased speaking for another reason, for just at that moment an ice-oold wind seemed " to stir my hair." I would not have looked behind me for the world. I caught Bight of my face in the glasB, however, and it was strangely pale and drawn. Jackson's eyes were rivetted on his letters. He saw nothing. I quietly lit a cigar and strolled out through the French window that led to a lawn. A rose lawn, and late though it was, roses were bloom ing here now, on this crisp, clear autumn morning. A thrush was making melody ring from an adjoining thicket. A gardener lad was mowing the grass and singing low to him self as he moved along at his work. Everything around me, indeed, seemed to speak of and to breathe of the purely matter-of-faot, the purely physical, as if psychicB and mystery were things unknown. I felt half ashamed of myself now, and in dined to put everything down to the workings of a semi-fevered brain. Yet do what I might I could not altogether ehake off from my mind the feeling of the supernatural that had apparently taken possession of it. In cases of this kind one must have some one or some creature to talk to, should it be but a dog or a cat. But here was the gardener boy, certainly, of somewhat higher mental oalibre than any quadruped. I approaehed, and addressed him betwen the whiffs of my favourite weed. " Been here long, my lad ?" "Wot, at Duntheim, sir? Ay, that I has, and my father afore me and his un and his un." " Any of them alive, lad ?" " Any which ?" "Why, the ancient parties you talk of." " Well, sir, father ain't ancient. Grand-da do be a bit dotty at times, though. Sioh a silly old chap, you'd laugh to see him. Ha! ha! ha! But why, as sure's as I'm aloive that be he coughing on t'other side o'th' 'edge, yonder." I went in the direction indicated, and a foot path led me through the shrubbery till I found myself right on the cliff top and face to face with a very tiny mummy of an old man, who was resting on a rustic seat. "Good morning, father," I said. He turned hie red and bleary eyes towards me. "Same to you, Bir," he piped, "and many on 'em, stranger though ye be." I placed a handful of cigars in his shiny claw, and we found friends at once. Then I sat down beside him, and we got into conversation. I drew him on and on, from the natural to the supernatural, and many a strange story I got out of him about ghost and goblin. He came to the point at last, as I knew he would. He stretched his parchment fingers towards the turret-chamber of Duntheim. "See the tower yonder?" he croaked. "See it, sir, high and grey? Tweren't in my time, so I says nothing fer certain. O, I wouldn't lie to you on the brink o' the grave. But father said, sir. there were a murder done up yonder— an ugly murder. _ She was beautiful and he was jealous. Oh, it were an awful deed. But tell me, sir, for my eyes are dimand misty. D'ye see a red soattered mark all along from the tower to the ground ?" "I see some lichen growing there," I an swered, evasively. " It's blood, sir, it's lloocl, and all the storms that ever raged around the old tower never oonld wash it out either. It's her blood; it's the bonnie lady's blood ; and" " Hullo, old man! wherever have you gob to ?" It was Jackson's voice, and next moment he was with us. " I'm off, lad. Come and see the last of me, and IH promise not to stay long away." There was a heartiness about Jackson's every mood and movement that never failed to banish melancholy, and as I hurried away with him towards the station I was soon laughing as loud as he was. For the time being ghosts, mystery, and murder were all forgotten. Only for a time, however. 