SPORTING NOTES FROM VICTORIA. THE OAKLEIG It AND HAWKS BURN HANDICAPS. Breakdown of MalYoIio. RACING AT ASPENDALE AND WILHAMSTOWN. Hon. W. A. Lour; Scores With Lady £dda. XKAlKISa NOTES. (Br ' Ajax.;-) ' Melbouuke, Monday. Tho mooting of tho Viotorian Ainatour Turf Club, to bo hold on Saturday next, will bo important as possibly throwing somo'light on tho Nowmarkot Handioap and Australian Cup. Tho opening evont is tho OTCTTRRTflN S'l'A If ES. a handicap, for two-yoar-olda, run over 5 fnrlongs. Insomnia, Happy Jaok, Froudo, the placos will bo fillod by CAMOOLA ? 1 Fkoodb ... ..,-. ... ... 2 Insomnia or Happy JjLOK ... 3 Then will succeed tho HURDLE RACE, for which tbo fiold is likoly to be Bmall. At tho woights I like the chances of SUNDOWNER ? 1 Saji ? 2 Ddval ? ... 3 Tha succeeding ovont is tho OAKLEIQH HANDICAP, tho running of which, in viow of tho olosenes3 of the Nowmarkot, will oxcito a good deal of interest. Thoro will probably bo a fiold of between twenty and thirty runuers, though how many will be out for an airing only I would not like to say. This raco is famous for running whioh may bo termed slightly off tho aquaro. It may bo called a full-droasod rehearsal for tbo big Flemingtou event, only tho oast is expected to bo altered at hoad-quarters. _ A horse that occupies an insignificant part iu tho Oakleigh Handicap may appear in tho loading rfilo in tho Nowumrkofc. On two occasions, howover, the winner of tho Caulfield ovont has also been tho winner at Flcraington. Thus Malua won' both races in 1884, and William Tell followed his oxainple iu 1880. But, as a rule, owners who have horses engaged in tho Now markot with any eort of a show do not euro to put up a stouo penalty, and thus many aro starters at Caulfiold for a lino only. DoorB wopd, St. Blaise, Fortunatus, Avouualo, aud Proh Pudor aro all more or loss fanoiod for tho Nowmarkot, and while their owners may elect to havo a ont for the Oakloigh as woll, I will pass them by. Lord Hopotouu, 8st 121b, may run woll, and ho has been aoratched for tho Newmarket. Autonolny, 8st 101b, has altogothor too much weight for a two-year-old j bnt Tiraillorio, 8sfc Gib, is in good heart just now, and must run a great filly. Bpi, 8st Sib, has a Bhow, and so has Ascot Vale, 8at (ilb : while Barefoot, 7st 121b, will mako a hold bid for victory. Wbichevor of Foulsham'B two-year- olds, Moll or Happy Jaok, is sent, will bo worth watohing, and tho New Zoaland mare, Omaha, has a great show, whilo Lady Edda is up to hor neok in it. I fauoy tbo numbors hoisted will be thoso TIHAILLEEIB ? 1 Omaha ? 2 Epi or LadtEdda... ... ? ... 3 There will hot be many runners in THE STEEPLECHASE, for whioh I prefer ALICE ? .., ? 1 Waiteb ? ? ... ... 2 On'Ah-SggAisr ? .. .... ... 3 The Solling'Baco may bo passed over, but tho ??'? ''° :' ; nAWKSBURN HANDICAP is an ovent whioh will take somo pioking. ' At tho weights I like best Propoundor Sat 71b, Spokesman Sst 51b, Tho Spot Ssfc lib, Sainfoin 7st 111b, Swing 7st 81b, Norbert 7st 111b, and Bodkin 7st Clb. I will voto for j ' SWING ... ... ? 1 . NOKBKIiT ? 2 Bodkin ? 3 The accidont to Malvolio caused consterna tion amongst the numerous body of backers who had supported the Ron of Malua for the Australian Cup. Ho had beon doing re markably woll uutil ho injured his leg, and tboro is no donbt that ho would have gono near appropriating tha two miles and a quartor raco bad all boon well. Mr. J. liedfearu, tho owner oi Malvolio, hns been gonorally sympathised with in connection with tho breakdown of tho brilliant son of Malua. Tho brigndo at present at Flnmingtoii has been augmented by tho arrival of Attains, Killaloo, Mascara, Wandsworth, Ozido, Sulphide, Satyr, Pastmaster, Autonomy, Creuiorno, Ulrio, Camoola, Stromboli, Bengal, Alhouiarlo, Arqimbus; Donation, and Kossuth. To-day (Monday) Marvol, Paris, Sir Anthony, Winda, Lady Lovel were to leave Sydney for Melbourne. Though Viotorian horsos aro so well repre sented iu Tasmania- just now, pur eido waB only faiily successful at tho Lauuccslou mooting, tlio rouord comprising tho winuiug of tho Trial Slakes and All-aged Stakoa by Indolence, the Nownham Stakes by Elland, aud tho St. Leonards Handicap by Lardy Dardy. In nearly every race a Victorian horHO Btartad favorito— that is if ono was starting— and four racos out of 15 is not a record to boast about. Th»y can breed borsos iu Tasmania without a doubt, and tho inland that has given ua a Malua, a Sheet Anchor, a Sir Wilfred, Ac, has still somo good ones to represent it. Bodkin was mode a very warm favorite for tho Launceston Cup, but could get no nearer than third to Kotrnat and Hopetoun, and her owner chipped her baok to Melbonrno tho day after tho race. The Aspendalo mooting on Thursday -was well attended, and the pleasant gatherings on this well-appointed courso aro apparently becoming jnore popular. Tho racing was of moro than ordinary iinportauco, ns throwing some light at lesst as rogards tho chances of two horses in the Oakloigh Handicap and Newmarkot Handicap. Omaha, who won tho Trial Stakon, is a Gvo-ycar-old mnro, by Armament (sou of Muxkot) from Cornelia, End is engaged in tho Oakleigh Handiuap with 7st fill), and in tho Kowmarkot Handicap with 7st51b. She won tho race under notice so easily that she must needs havo a show in both th6se events. Sho got off the mark very quickly, aud had everything bcatmi in tho first half furlong, and won pulling up in good tirao. Sho carried 7ot 91b and beat threo smart sprinters in Molford (7st 71b), Hed Hosoir. (7sUlb), and Wallington (7Bt 71b,) The South Australian inaro Lon (9st 101b); a d.anghtcr of The Eiiglishman, turned up the winner in tho Woltor JJaco. in which Sovereign (lOst 71b) started a Blightly better favorito. Tho Hnrdlo Ilaca went to Buzzard (list), bnt ho hod somo lnck in getting homo, as Tapanui (Oat 101b) would havo won had ho been moro vigorously riddon. Mr. F. Browor rode Buzzard, and snatched tho vordiotou tho post. Tho Beach Handicap saw an extraordinary finish. Elworthy, 7«t 4lb, started a warm favorito,-and as they camo np tho straight for home he appearod to havo only Buzr. to boat. This seemed to bo no diflloult task, but while Trainor, tho rldor of Elworthy, was watching tho other horao, Brown Boim swooped down on tho pair, ami won ths raco by a neck. . The winner came with a run the liks of wbioh has not beon seen on ituy of our courses for somo uonsidorublo timo, and wan suggestivo of Malua's groat offorts in his palmiest days. Brown Boss carried 7at, and was riddon by a smart lad named Opray, who baa boon a shining light at tho pony nicotines for some timo, but he hnd never previously riddon on a rogiittorod counts. Brown Bens is. by Bras deOj'or from Rags, aud is more than a moderato. The Selling Race was pulled off by Greenwich (by Sunrise), who is now owned by tho Floininglon trainer, Bob Sevlor. Tho concluding ovent, tho Anpoiidulo Turk Handicap, . allowed a much fancied can didatu for tho Nowwarkot Handicap in Tho Seine (who carried 7st) to accomplish a vory eaBy win, nothing in tho raoo having a ghost of a Bhoir against him. Tho Solve lias 7st Sib in tho Newmarkot Handicap and 7st Gib in the Oakleigh Handicap. The milo was run in lmin -15seo, and ho went with great freedom throughout. At Ararat last woek Taurus, who ran third' in tho Goelong Cup, won thu Ararat Cup with fl.it 21b up, beating Mr. J. B. Clark's Goldreof (list 'lib) and six othors easily. Tho winner is by Hamlet from Maid of the Mount, and full brother to Little John, who was onoe backed for a Melbourne Cup, in whioh he out a- very inglorious figuro. Spiff on, a son of Glorious, who has won in good company on metropolitan courses, was successful in tho Ladies' Braoolot, carrying l'Jst 1211). On tho Hocond day, Goldroof, 9st Gib, with P. M'Gowan up, got homo in tho Sottlars' Purso, in whioh Taurus was a non-starter. Oasis (a sou of Malua and Verdure) won tho FlyingHandioap, M'Gowan ugain having tho mount. On tho training tracks thb work is bocoming moro interesting as tha dato of the V.R..C. Autumn Mooting approaches. AtFlomington tho proceedings havo beon kept pretty liroly with the visitors. Tom Paytcn has boun much in ovidonco with Albomarlo. Ulrio, Autonomy, Arquebus, Donation, Kossuth, Stromboli, Bongal and Conioolu. Stromboli sooniH to bo iu great heart. Ho polished off Bengal in a onco round on the tan on Satur day iu a vory workmanlike manner. Tho two-year-olda have been spurting, and they all seem protty woll. On Thursday Sophiotta and Tlio Gift ran a vary fast gallop ovor fivo furlongs, tho distance being loft behind in lmin ojseo, Sophiotta having tho best of the go. Uttor looks a perfect picture, and no horse.is doing better at Flemington than sho is. Vcgoterian and Forty Winks work to gether, aud tho formor is of very littlo nso to Forty Winks, who is going woll. On Thurs day be did a very taking gallop ovor a milo and a half. Hero also looks aud goes woll. Tho New Zcalandeis Florrio, Freedom, Ro prisal, Tho Workman, and tho steeplechaser Freeman havo como in for plonly of atten tion. Fxocdom is a Bplondid looking horEe, and is in raro buckle. He must tako a lot of beating in whatever raco ho is sent for. Reprisal ia also a beauty, aud ho will giro the Newmarket Handicap a great ' shake,' or I am vory mnoh mistaken. Highborn never lookod hotter than ho does at present, and I think that, both ho and Penanco will earn their oats at the approaching meeting, although tho latter moves somewhat short in his work. Jack ran a good sound run on tlio tha tan track on Friday. Of- the homo horsos nothing ia doing bettor at Flemingtou than Swonlboaror, who is in magni ficent form, and ho is bound to be a daugerous horso at tho meeting. Singapore is also iu good condition, though ho appears as sluggish as ever. Tho Now inarket Handicap outsider, Avohdalo, is going off, aud I am afraid ho has no show in thu great sprint race. Olonard and Grandliko aro getting into form, and tho two-year-old Sign is doing excellent work. This is a. very slippery hidy. ' Portsea works with Marl borough, but ho only goes fairly woll. Whiin brol still does good work on the track, bat ho is undoubtedly a gay doooivor. Whakawai and SinociU'o aro going all right, but thoy aro a pair liable to break down at any moment. Tarcoola goes woll. At Caulfield the New Zcaliiudors havo beon providing most of tho interesting work. Tiraillorio and Tirailleur aro rapidly im proving, the formor moving like a galloping machino. Ronataand Modjidioput iu sound work, but Sternohaser is- still doing sea bathing. Corroze has mado his ro- appoaranco on tho track, and works with Bovorley, Churohill, Hartington, and Browloy. Tho lattor is rapidly improving. Proh Pudor is in groat form, bub ho is never allowed to do any vory fast work. No horso doos sounder work than Merriment, with whom Mr. Maitlaud is always first on tho tracks each morning. Sheen is lamo, but Tho Tyler is in good buckle. Carslako's team, inoluding Coornmiu, Ascot Valo, Sainfoin, Ghidatojio, and Elworthy aro all rosponsible for good Bound work, and they will bo heard of iu tho near future. Bothwoll is in lino fotfcio, and goos through his work as if ho likos it. Foulsham has Wild Roso and Gnaroo at Brighton. Somo interost was thrown into the Williams town meeting on Saturday owing to tho fact that the' Sydney horses, Tho Gift, Lady Edda, Rivula, and Sophiotta, took part in it. Only ono of them wits Ruccensfnl, viz., Lady IMda, bnt 1 think that Rivula will mako amends for her defeat later on, and Sophiotta will also improve. The Hurdle Race foil to Mr. S. Miller's Sam, 12st, who showed muoh bottor form than ho did at Goolong, and simply played with- his fiold. Impostor, lOsfc 121b, was. tho favorito, but ho only secured third placq, tho Hon. Geo. Davis' Josephine, 9sb 71b, splitting the pair. The way Lady Edda won tlio Trial Stakes was a bit of an oye oponer to Victorians. Sho mado hacks of tho othors, and won hard held, tho five furlongs being run in lmiu -tsec. Holtor Skeltor, a promising but unlucky horso, was Becond. I think Lady Eddiv (who is sirod by Sogcrihoo) will bo heard of at .the V.R.C. Autumn Moating, if not boforo. Tlio Newport Handicap was an excellent betting raco, but tho rankost outsider of the lot in Solomon Solution (lato Colleen Bawn), who has improved rapidly of lato, was successful, list 131b being his light impost. Proponndor, Usfc 41b, aud Little. Maid, 7s t 81b, wero tho favorites, but; neither was dangerous, but thoy will both bo worth watching a littlo lator on. Mr. S. Millor scored ugain iu tho Steeplechase, his representative, Orangeman, 12st 21b, winning very easily, though two of his most dangerous opponeuts,- Waiter and Tho Trishmau, came to griof. Kiflomau rau a qnartcr of a milo behind the fiold in this raco, and tho -(towards callod upon his owner for an oxplenntiou, which was to the effect that the horso had only boon n. fortnight out of tho paddock. This running of horsos into form in public nt tho oxpenao of backers is hardly a correct gamo to play (though it is dono often enough iu high placos), and tho utmvards oxpressod thom»olvo8 in that way to Riflomau'E ownor. lfasto had an easy win in tho Selling Kaco, u.ud tho last ovcut, tho Lavorton Stakes, fell to-All Tharo (Gat 71b), who is by Looliuus— Lyro, and is trained by li. M'Keima. with Swordhoaror, Singapore, and Co. ut Flomington. All Thoro haoV pre viously ran second to Solomon Solution, hut ho turned tlio tables on tho odiously-namod borfio on this occasion, tho 71b penally making all tho difference. The Sydnoy t.rainora aro loud in their' praises of tho Flomingtou traoks. . They aro iu far bottar oondition thoy say than thoso at Randwick. Tho Hon. W. A. Long .has removed Patrol, Lady Edda, Blriuji, and Rivula from Quoonncliif to Flomiugton. 