CATHOLIC NOTES. ' Owen Callaghan hag been elected alderman for ? O'Brien Ward, Tass The art- union drawing in aid of the Catholic church, Tumat, ba3, it is announced elsewhere, been unavoidably postponed till May 4 On Sunday evening at'Sfc. Patrick's Church, Miss Ida Alpen, Mr. Kerr, and Mr. Alpen sang Verdi's ' O Jeeu Dei Vivi.' Mi3s Oliver gave ' ' Boaa Pautor ' B3 a soprano solo. The winning numbers in connection with the Junee and Uralla art-union drawings will be found amongst fche Catholic advertisements in '.this isBue. Mk E T. Walsh, tailor and outfitter, of George street, ha1! been elected as one of the Aldermen o£ Waterloo, the large polling showing his popularity. We have been requested to correct an error in the list of wianing numbers published last tveek in connection with the Mussvellbrook art-union. The number which appeared as 1133 should have been 1483. The choir oi: St. Patrick's, Albury, wag invited to s ng tbe Mds3 at the Wo donga church on Sunday last. The music v?a3 selected from Haydn's and Mozart's Masses, and was given by the fall strength o' the choir. On Wednesday evening, ab Millbhorpe, a ball ?was given , the proceeds of which are to he de voted to the building fund of the church at Forest Reefa. To reduce the expenses, and provide a feast suitable to the occasion, tbe ladies managed the catering. 'I he bazaar ia aid of the church at Tocumwal ?was a great success ; .5163 clear profit;, besides having thr. e head of cattle to dispose of. This will, we believe, clear all tbe debt ofi the church. The committee and sabscrifoeFs are deserving of the fir?fc order of merit fur getting this very handsome amount in such a snitll community. The art-union drawing in aid of tbe Carmelite Convent, MarrickviU0, which was to have taken place this month, has been postponed until Apil ' 19, and the result; will be published in the foil -t7- ' ing icsue oftkiu journal. Holders o£ fcicket-books areieque3ted to return the butts to the convent before April l?0 We cote by the Dubbo Dispatch that Alder mau Ei S. J. Kvao. J.P.. on hie uuanimou3 elec tion to the office of Mayor of Dubbo, received the congratulations of es- Mayor Phillips and all the members of the Council. Mr. Ryan was Mayor Borne little time back and his second election is a tribute to his ability and character. The Mayor and Aldermen and come friends adjourned from i the Council to Mongan's Hotel, where champsgno having been opened, the healbhs of the Mayor ancles-Mayor were duly honoured. ? At Ynes a meeting has been held to take steps to co-operate with other parts of tbe diocese of Goulburn in presenting Bishop Lanigan with an address and testimonial on his return nest month ? from iiome. A strong committee was appointed ; Me. M. Coen elected chairman and treasurer, and Messra. J. J. Ward and F. P. Brenaon secretaries Mes3ts M. Coen, J. J. Ward and P. P. Bivnnan were ee'ejte&as; delegatesto represent Yass Catho lics at the time of the presentation. A good cum ?wa83ollected m the room, Mr. Coen and Mr. P. Brennm giving 5 guineas each. At the blessing of the foundation-stone of the uev? church at Hawker, 10 miles from Quorn, in the Dioceae of Port Augusta, Bishop O'Beily, oub of his scanty puree, gave £50. After tbe handing in of the Bishop's cheque for £50, there enmc the handsome and generous donation of .£20 from the K8v. Father Cleary, the pastor. Father Norton's cheque o£ £5 5s wag succeeded by a long list of amounts. Within a quarter of an hour or there abouts the cash for the day amounted to £203 15s 6d. The total money received up to the pres°nt date towards the building amounts to about £56i. It is a pleasure to see ous.1 Catholic citizens coming to the front in municipal matters. Mr. Bernard M'Bride, who has held the position of alderman in the Municipal Council of Hunter's Hill, has been unanimously elected Mayor for the present year. la the important diettiofc of Bur wood Alderman J. IT. Hennes3y, of the well known firm of architects, has been elected Mayor. We have now four Catholic gentlemen occupying mayoral positions in and around Sydney, the other two boing Mr. W. P. Manning (Mayor of ? Sydney), and Mr. Frank Punch (Mayor o£ North Sydney). It is with sincere regret we have to record the death of Mr. Patrick Hogan.of Little Plain Creek, in the Burrowa District, in his 73rd year. De ceased was a native of the County Limerick, Ire land. He arrived in the colony some 60 years ago. He was a most industrious man, strictly honest and of a highly charitable disposition. He died on Saturday night last of bronchitis consequent on the prevailing epidemic, influenza. The funeral was large, comprised principally of bug gies and equestrians. Both priests of the parish, Fathers Bermingham and Hanrahan, attended and performed the burial rites. Deep sympathy is felt for the widow and family of six daughters and one son. A good deal of sectarian bitterness appears to have baea imported into the recent municipal elections at Bathursfc. Alderman Sysn, formerly Mayor, and who is spoken of as the best man for 'the position in the Council, was selected as the special objact of attack, and one of the Bathurst ?papers did its beat to secure big defeat by 'raia- ing a second Kiami Ghost.' Mr. Eyan was accused of having uBed his influence while Mayor , in favour of Iriohmt-n and Catholics. However, .the polling-day sant Mr. Sjan ia flying. In returning thanks, the aucceaaf ul alderman said ha had been in the Council four and. a half yearo, and : during that time he had successfully contested th.ro 3 elections. He had therefor© reaaou to be proud of bio position fcbt&fc; day, 