The Sorceress.* [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. Author of "The Son of his Father," "The Chronicles of Carlingford," "The Rose in June," "The Greatest Heiress in England," "Whiteladies," "Within the Precincts," "It was a Lover and his Lass," "Adam Graeme," &c;, &c.; CHAPTERS I. and II.—At a pretty little German watering-place are staying Mrs. Kingsward and her family, one of whom, Bee, the pet sister, is proposed to by Mr. Aubrey Leigh, an interesting young widower who has been introduced to the lamuy. a previous suitor, Oaptaia KreaUner, bad not proposed when Mr. Lakh maidenly appeared and captured Bee's maidenly heart. Mr. Leigh had j uit buried his infant daughter. At Leigh Court wm staying a Miss Lance, who oould not be persnaded to leave, as she had been requested by Mrs. Leigh never to forsake her child. Aubrey Leigh therefore left on his travels which ended inhis proposal to Bee. This young lady one afternoon entered into conversation with an unknown lady In one of the many wood* in Germany, and after some talk about the visitors which included tho intro duction of Mr. Leigh's name the unknown stranger remarks with a laugh, " Oh! I think I can see how matters stand with Aubrey Leigh." Ciunu 111. and IV.—Two days after the interview recorded in the last chapter letters are received by Mrs. Kingsward which apparently upset both that lady and Aubrey. Bee perceives the cloud on both their brows and rallies them, but in an interview with her mother she learns in an agony of pain that word has come from her father that from what he has heard the engagement between Bee and Aubrey must be broken off. The blackness of darkness closed over her. Csapturs V. axd Vl.—Bee, determined to know the trouble which is weighing down her mother, Aubrey, and herself, writes to her lover, but he replies that he is not worthy to staud before her; but nevertheless at her request he consents to meet her mother to give an explanation of the mystery. Chapter VII. Mrs. Kingaward's opening sp§ech was a wonder to hear. Sbe sat and looked at them all for a moment, trying to steady herself, but there was nothing to steady her in what she saw before her—Aubrej and Bee, the pair who had b«en so sweet to see, such a diversion in all oirournstanoes, so amusing in their mutual absorption, so delightful in their romance. It all flashed back to her mind, the excitement of Bee's first proposal, the pleasure of seeing "her bairn respected like the lave," though Mrs. Kingsward might not have understood what these words meant, the little triumph it was to see her child engaged at 19, when everybody said there was nobody for the girls to marry— and now to have that triumph turned into humiliation and dismay! And to think of Bee's bright face overcast and her happiness over, and poor Aubrey thrown out into the uttermost darkness. Had she seen Charlie it might have given her some support, for Charlie wm the impersonation of immovable severity; but Betty* wUtfnl little face behind the other pair, coming oat from Aubrey's shadow by moments to fix an appealing look upon her mother, was not calculated to make her any stronger. She cleared her throat—she tried hard to steady her voice. She said, " Oh, my dear children," faltered, and ended in a burst of sobbing and tears. It gave her a little sting and itimalant to see through her weeping that, though little Betty ran towards her with kisses and soothing, Bee took no notioe.-but stood hard and unaffected in her opposition,' holding olose to Aubrey's arm. Mrs. Kingsward indeed got no sympathy except from little Betty. Charlie put his band imperatively upon her shoulder, recalling her to herself, and Bee never moved, standing by the side of Aubrey Leigh. The mother, thus deserted, plucked up a little spirit in the midßt of her weakness. "Bee," she said, " I do not think it is quite nice of you to stand there as if your own people were against you. We are not against you. There has been, I fear, a great mistake made, which Colonel Kingsward"—here she turned her eyes to Aubrey—"has found out in—in time; though it is a pity, a sad pity, that it was not found out before. If Mr. Aubrey had only been frank and said at once—but I don't see what difference that would have made. Papa says that from what he has heard and dis covered things must not go any further. He is sorry, and so am I, that they have gono so far; and the engagement must be broken off at once. You hear what I say, Bee ?" " I heard you say so last night, mamma, but I say it is my engagement, and I have a right to know why. Ido not mean—to break it off " "Oh, how can I make explanations—how can I enter into such a question? I appeal to you, Mr. Aubrey—tell her." "She ought not to ask any explanations. She is a minor, under age. My father has a right to do whatever he pleases—and she has none to ask why." This was how Charlie reasoned on the height of his one-and-twenty years. Charlie was the intolerable element in all this question. Aubrey cast a look at him, and forcibly closed his own lips to keop in something that was bursting forth. Bee defied him, as was natural, on the . spot. " I will not have Charlie put in his opinioD," Bhe cried. "He has nothing to do with me. Even if I obeyed papa I certainly Bhould not obey him." "Let Aubrey say himself," said Mrs. Kings ward, "whether you ought to be told every thing, Beo." "It is cruel to ask me," said Aubrey, speaking for the first time. "If Bee could know all, if you could know all, Mrs. Kings ward. But how could I'tell you? Part of this is true and part is not true. I could speak to Colonel Kingsward more freely. I am going off to night to London to see him. It will free you from embarrassmont, and it will give me perhapß a chance. I did' not want to put you to this trial. I am ready to put myself unre servedly in Colonel Kingsward's hands." . " Then," said Beo hastily, " it seems I am of no sort of importance at all to any one. lam told my engagement is broken off, and then I * am told that I am not to know why, and then— go, then, Aubrey, as that is your choice and light it out with papa it you please." She loosed her arm from his with a slight impulse, pushing him away. "But just mind this, "* Tho sole rißht of publication In Queensland of 11 The Soroorass" ha* been purchased by the Brisbane Njwupaper Company, Limited. eTerybody," she cried, " yon may think little of Bee—bat my engagement shall not be broken by anybody bat me, and it shall not be kept on by anybody but me; and I will neither give it op nor will I hold to it, neither one nor the other, until I know why." Then the judge and the defendant looked each other in the face. They were as may be ' supposed on opposite sides, but they were the : only two to oonsult each other in this emer genoy. Aubrey responded by a movement of his head, by a slight throwing up of his hand, to the question in Mrs. Kingaward's eyes. " Then you shall know as much as I can tell you, Bee. Your father had a letter last week from a lady, telling him that she had a revela tion to make. The letter alarmed your father. He felt that he must know what it meant. He could not go himself, but he sent Mr. Passa vant, the lawyer. The lady said that she had lived in Mr. Leigh's house for years, in the time of his late wife. She said Mr. Leigh bad had behaved very badly to her." " That I do not believe," said Bee. The words flashed out like a knife. They made a strr in the air as if a sudden gleam bad come into it. And then all was still again, a strange dead quiet coming after, in whioh Bee perceived Aubrey silent, covering his face with his hand. It came across her with a sudden pang that she had heard somebody say this morning or last night—" He did not deny it." "And that he had promised her—marriage— that he was engaged to her, as good as—as good as married to her, when he had the cruelty, oh, my dear child, my dear ohild! to come to you." Aubrey took his hand away from bis white face. "That," he said in a strange, dead, toneless voice, "is not true." "Oh, more shame to you, Aubrey, more shame to you," cried Mrs. Kingsward, forget tins her judioial oharaoter in her indignation as a woman, "ifit is not true! " She paused a moment to draw her breath, then added: "But indeed you were not so wicked as you say, for it is true. And here is the evidence. On," she cried, with tears in her eyes, "it makes your conduct to my ohild worse; but it shows that you were not then as bad as you say." Bee had dropped into the chair that was next to her, and there sat, for her limbs had so trembled that she could not stand, watching him, never taking her eyes from him, as if he were a book in which the interpretation of this mystery was " Never mind about me," he said hoarsely; " I say nothing for myself. Allow me to be as bad as a man can be; but that is not true. And what is the evidenoe ? Yon never told me there was any evidence." "Sir," said Mrs. Kingsward, fully roused, "I told you that it was in my husband's letter last night." " Yes—thai she," a sort of shudder seemed to run over him, to the keen sight of the watchers —" that she—said so. You don't know as Ido that that is no evidence. But you speak now as if there was something more." She took a piece of folded paper from her lap. " There 19 this," she said, "a letter you wrote to her the morning you went away." " I did write her a letter," he said. Mrs. Kingsward held it out to him, but was stopped by Charlie, who put his hand on her arm. " Keep the document, mother. Don't pat the evidence against him into a man's power. I'll read it if Mr. Leigh thinks proper." Onoe more Aubrey and Bee together with a simultaneous impulse looked at this intruder into their story. " Mamma! send him away. I should like to kill him!" said Bee within her olenehed teeth. "Be quiet, Charlie. Mr. Leigh, lam ready to put this or any other evidenoe against you into your hands." He bowed very gravely, and then stood once more as if he were made of stone. Mm. Kingsward faltered very much, her agitated face flushed. "It begins," she Mid in a low fluttering voioe, " My dear little wife " Then there came a very strange sound into, the agitated silence, for Aubrey Leigh, on trial for more than his life, here laughed. " What more, what more ?" he said. " No, it is not that. It is—'l don't want— my dear little wife to be troubled about any thing. It can all be done quite easily and quietly, without giving an occasion for people to talk; a settlement made and everything you could desire. I shall make arrangements about everything to-day.' It is signed A. L., and it is in your handwriting. Bee, you can see it is in his handwriting—look for yourself." Bee would not turn her head. She thought she saw the writing written in fire upon the air —all his familiar turns in it. How well she knew the A. L.; but she did not look at it, would not look. She had enough to do looking at his face, which was the letter—the book she wa9 studying now. " No doubt it is ray handwriting," he said, " only it was addressed, not to any other woman, but to my wife." " Your wife died two years ago, Mr. Leigh ; and that is dated Christmas—this year." "That is a lie!" he cried; then restrained himself painfully. " You know I don't mean you—but the date and the assumption is en tirely a lie. Give me time and I will tell you exactly when it was written. I remember the letter. It was when I had promised Amy to provide for her friend on condition that she should be sent away—for she made my house miserable." " Arid yet, and yet, Mr. Leigh—oh, don't you see how the things contradict each other. She made your house miserable, and yet when your wife was dead, and you were free ii He looked at her, growing paler and paler. " And yet!" he said, " I know what you mean. That is the infernal art of it. My own folly has cut the ground from beneath my feet, and put weapons into every hand against me. I know. I know." Again there came into Bee's mind the words she had hoard last night. "He does not deny it." And yet he was denying it with all,his might. Denying and not denying—what ? The girl's brain was all in a maze, and she could not tell. "You see," said Mrs. Kingsward gently. " Oh, lam sorry for you in my heart. Perhaps you were led into—a connection that you feel not to be—desirable. That I can understand. But that you should think you could save your self by means of an innocent girl, almost a child, and impose yourself on a family that had no suspicions: oh, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Leigh! you ought to have died sooner than have done that." He looked at her piteously for a moment, and then a dreadful sort of smile came upon his face. <• I allow," he said, " that that would have been the best." And there fell a silenoe upon the room. The sun was shining outside, and the sound of the water gurgling against the 6ide of boats, and of all the commotion of the landing- place, and of the hundreds of voices in the air, and of the chiming of the clocks, came in and filled the place. And just then there burst out a oarillon from one of the steeples setting the whole to music, harmonising all the discords, and sweep ing into this silenco with a sudden rush of sound as if some bodily presence had come in. It was the touch too much for all these exoited and troubled people. Mrs. Kingsward lay back in her chair and began to weep silently. Aubrey Leigh turned away from where he was standing and leant his head upon the wall. As for Bee, she sat quite still, dazed, not able to understand, but crushed out of all her youthful self-assertion and determination to clear it all up. Sho to clear it up!—who did not even understand it, who oould not fathom what was meant. That there was something more than met the eye, something that was not put into words, seemed to show vaguely through the words.thai were said. But what it was Bee oould not tell. She could not understand it at all. And yet that there was a fatal obstacle rising up between her and her lover, something which no one oould disperse or clear away—not a mistake, not a falsehood, not a thing that oould be passed over triumphantly and forgotten; not, as youth is so quick to Believe, a mere severity, tyranny, arbitrary conclusion of papa—she felt in every fibre of her frame. She oould not deny it or struggle against it; her very being seemed paralysed. The meaning went out of her face, her absolute, certain, imperious youthfulness died out of her. She who loved to have her own way, who had just protested that ahe would neither give up nor hold fast except by her own will and understanding, now sat dumb, vaguely staring, seeing shadows pass before her, and hearing of things which were undeniable, mighty things, far more powerful than her little hot resolutions and determinations. Bee had never yet come face to face with any trouble which oould not be smoothed away. There was her own naughtiness, there were Charlie's escapades at school and college—some of these she had known were Berious; but in a little while they had been passed over and forgotten, and everything had been as before. One time she remembered papa had threatened not to let Charlie go back to Harrow, which was a dreadful thing, exposing him and his naughtiness to all the world. But after a while papa had ohanged his mind, and everything had gone smoothly as before. Could papa change his mind now? Would time make it, if he did, as it was before? Bee had not mental power enough to think these things, or ask these questions of her own will. But they went through her mind as people come in and go out by an open door. It was Aubrey who was the first to speak. The oarillon stopped or else they got used to the sound and took no further notice of it, and he oolleoted himself and came forward again to the middle of the room. He said: " I know it will be a relief that I should go away. There is an afternoon train which I shall take. It is slow, but it does not matter. I shall be as well there as anywhere—or as ill. I shall go direct to Colonel Kingsward and lay my whole ease before him. He will, perhaps, confront me with my accuser—l hope so—if not he will at least hear what I have to say for myself." "Oh, Mr.Leigh! Ob, Aubrey! I can't wish you anything but well whatever—whatever may be done!" " Thank you, Mrs. Kingsward, I looked for nothing less from your kind heart. Will you give me that letter?" She put it into his hands without the least hesitation, and 1m examined it—with a sort of strained smile upon his face. " I should like to take this back to Colonel Kingsward," he said. Then added quiokly with a short laugh, "No, I forgot; there might be suspicions. Send it back to him, please, by the first post that he may have it when I get there." He gave the letter back, and then he looked round wistfully. " May I say good-bye to Bee?" She got up at the words, feeling herself vaguely called upon—yet quite dull, dumb, with all sorts of thoughts going, going and coming through those wide-open doors of her mind— thoughts like strays which she seemed to see as they passed. Even Aubrey himself appeared a ghost. She got up and stood awaiting him when he approached her, not putting out a ringer. Nobody interfered, not even Charlie who was fuming internally, yet somehow did not move. Aubrey went up to her and put his hands upon her shoulders. Her unresponsive ness sent a chill to his heart. "Have you given me up, Bee?" he cried, "Already, already!" with anguish in bis voice. She could not say a word. She shook Let* head like a mute, looking at him with her dazed eyes. "She does not understand it—not a word!" he said. Bee shook her head again. It was all she could do. No, she did not understand, except that it was a kind of dying, something against which nobody oould struggle. And then he kissed her on her forehead as gravely as though he had been her father: and the next moment was gone—was it only out of the room, or out of the world, out of life? Chapter VIII. It was a slow train. The slowest train is, of course, far quioker than any other mode of con veyanoe practicable in a land journey, but it does not seem bo. It seems as if it were delay irapersoniiied to the eager traveller, especially on the Continent. In England when it Btops at a multiplicity of little stations at which there is nothing to do it at least goes on again in most cases after it has dropped its half-passenger or takejx in ft* eai£ty bag of letters. But this can never be said of a German or even of a brisker Belgian train. The one in which Aubrey was meandered about Liege for instance till he bad mastered every aspeot of that smoky bat inte resting place. It stopped for what looked like an hour at every little roadside Btation, in order apparently that the guard might hold a long and excited conversation about nothing at all with the head man of the place. And all the while the little eleotric bell would go tingling, tingling upon his very brain. Thus he made his slow and weary progress through the after noon and evening, stopping long at last at a midnight station, where everything was wrapped in sleep and darkness, for the arrival of the express in which the latter part of the journey was to be accomplished more quickly. If there had been anything wanted to complete the entire overthrow of a spirit in pain it was Buoh an experience. All was dismal beyond words at the place where he had to wait—one poor light showing through the great universe of darkness, the dark big world that encompassed it around, one or two belated porters wandering through the blackness doing mysterious pieces of business, or pretending to do them. A poor little wailing family—a mother and two children, put oat there upon a benoh from some other train, one of the babies wailing vaguely into the dark, the other calling upon mamma, mamma, driving the poor mother frantic —were waiting like himself. It gave Aubrey a mo mentary consolation to see something that appeared at least to the external eye more for lorn than he. He remembered, too, that there had once' been a baby cry that wont to his heart, and though all the associations connected with that had now turned into gall and bitterness, so that -the sound seemed like a spear pene trating his very being, and he walked away as far as the bounds of the station would allow, to get, if possible, out of hearing of it, yet pity, a better inspiration, at last gained the day. He went up and spoke to the woman, and found that she wa3 an English workman's wife making her way home with her ohildren to a mother who was dying. They had turned her out here, with her babies, to wait, ah, not for the express train which was to carry on the gentleman, but for the slow creeping third-class which ouly started in the morning, and which would, after other long waits at other places, reach England sometime, but she oould scarcely tell when. "And must you pass the night here out in the cold ?" said Aubrey. " It isn't not to call a cold night, sir," said the woman meekly, "and they've got plenty on to keep them warm." " I'll try and get them to open the waiting room for you," said Aubrey. "Oh no, sir, thank you kindly, bat don't take the trouble, the rooms are that stuffy. It's better for them in the open air, and they'll go to sleep in a little while. Baby will be quite warm on my lap, and Johnny lying against me." "And what is to become of you in this arrangement?" said Aubrey, looking pitifully with eyes that bad known the experiences both of husband and father upon this little plump human bed, which was to stand in the place of down pillows for the children. " Oh, I'll do very well, sir, when they go to sleep," she said, looking up at him with a smite. " And when does your train go ?" "Not till 6 in the morning," Bhe replied, " bqt perhaps that's all the better, for I'll b« able to get them some bread and milk, and ft good wash before we start." Well, it wag not much of an indulgence for a man who was well off. He might have thrown it away on any trifle and nobody would have wasted a thought on the subject. He got hold of one of the wandering ghotte of portera and got him, with a douceur, to change the poor woman's cheap ticket for her into one for the express, and commissioned him, if possible, to get her a place in a sleeping carriage, whew, • I fear, she was not likely to be at all a warmly weloomed addition to the luxurious young men or delicate ladies in these conveyances. He saw that there was one found for her which was almost empty when the train came up. He scarcely know if she were young or old— though indeed, as a matter of fact, the poor little mother, bewildered by her Budden eleva tion among the gentlefolks and not quite sure that she would not have preferred to remain where she was, and pick up in the morning her natural third-class train, was both young and pretty, a fact that was remarked by the one lady in the carriage who saw the young man through the window at her side, and recognised him in a flash of the guard's lantern, with deep astonishment to see him handing in suoh a woman and suoh children to the privileged places. He disappeared himself into the dark, and indeed took his place in the corner of a smoking carriage, where his cigar was a faint soother of pain. In his human shortsighted ness poor Aubrey also was consoled a little, I think, by the thought that this poor fellow passenger was comfortable, she and her ohildren, and that instead of slumbering uneasily on a benoh Bhe was able to lay the little things in a bed. It seemed to him a good omen, a little relaxation of the bonds of fate, and he went away oheered a little and en couraged by this simple incident and by the warmth of the kindness that was in his heart. He spoke to them again on one or two occa sions on the way, sent the poor woman some tea in the morning, bought some fruit for the children, and again on the steamboat crossing, when he listened to the aocount of how they were going on from Dover with a certain in terest. When they parted at the train he shook hands with the mother, hoping Bhe would find her relation better, and put a sovereign into Johnny's little fat hand. The lady who had been in the sleeping carriage kept her eye upon him all the time. She was not by any means a malicious or bad woman, but she did not believe the poor woman's story of the gentleman's kindness. She was, lam sorry to say, a lady who was apt to take the worst view of every transaction, especially between men and women. People who do so are bound in many oases to be right, and so are confirmed in their odious opinion; but in many oases they arc wrong, yet always hold to it with a faith whioh would do credit to a better inspiration. "I thought young Mr. Leigh was going to marry again," she said to a friend whom she met going up to town. " Oh, so he is! To the nicest girl—Bee Kingsward, the daughter of one of my dearest friends—such a satisfaotory thing in every way." 11 Wasn't there something," said the lady of the Bleeping carriage, " about a woman, down at his place in the country ?" " Oh, I don't think there was ever anything against him. There was a woman who was a great friend of his poor wife, and lived with them. The wife was a goose, don't you know, and could not be made to see what a foolish thing it waa. My opinion is that he never could abide the woman, and I am Bure she made misohief between them. But I believe that silly little Mrs. Leigh—poor thing, we should not speak ill of those that are gone—made him promise on her deathbed that this Miss Some thing-orother should not be sent away from the house. It was a ridiculous arrangement, and no woman that respected herself would have done it. But she was poor, and it's a com fortable place, and, perhaps, as there was no friendship between them she may have thought it was no harm." "Perhaps she thought she would get over him in time and make him marry her." "Oh, 1 can't tell what she thought. He rushed off in a hurry at a moment's notice, nobody knowing what he intended, after the poor baby died, the very day of its funeral. Not much to be wondered at, poor young man, after all he had gone through. I don't know how things were settled with Miss Lance, but I believe that she has gone at last. And I am delighted to hear of his engagement. So will all his neighbours in the county be " " I should not like a daughter of mine to marry a man like that." " Why ? I wish a daughter of mine could have the chance. Everybody likes him at home. Do you know anything of Aubrey Leigh ?" Aubrey did not know in the least that this talk was going on as the train went rushing on to town; his ears did not tingle. He was in the next carriage, divided only by a plank from these two ladies in their compartment. The woman who took the bad view of everything did not wish him any harm. She did not even think badly of him. She thought it was only human nature, and that young men will do that sort of thing, however nice they may be, and whatever you may say of morals and so forth. Ido not think, though she had made that little conventional speech, that she would at all have hesitated to give her own daughter to Aubrey, provided that she had a daughter. His advantages were so evident, and the dis advantages, after all, bad so little to do with actual life. Aubrey did not present himself before Colonel Kingsward that night. He did not propose to follow him to Kingswarden, the old house in Kent which was the sole remnant of territorial property belonging to the family. He wanted to have all his wits about him, to be cool and self- possessed and able to remember everything when he saw the man who had given him Bee and then had withdrawn her from his arms. He already knew Colonel Kingsward a little, and knew him as a man full of bonhommie, popular everywhere—a man of experience who had been about the world, who knew men. By this time Aubrey had recovered his spirits a little. He thought it impossible that such a man, when a younger than himself laid bare his heart to him, could fail to under stand. It was true that the Colonel was probably a martinet in morals as he was in his profession, and Aubrey had that behind him whioh he could not deny. He would not attempt to gloss it over, to make excuses for it. He would lay his life in this man's hand as if he had been his confessor. And surely, 6urely, the acknowledged sin would find absolution, the extenuating circumstances would be considered, the lie with which that accusation was accom panied would recoil upon the accuser. The young man buoyed himself up with these thoughts through the long evening. He did not go out or to his club, or anywhere where he was known. In September there are not so many inducements to stray about London. He sat in his room and thought of Bee, and wrote little letters to her, which were a relief to his mind though he knew be could not send them. By this time he reflected they must have started. They were beginning their journey as he ended his. He hoped that -Charlie, that lout, would have the sense to take caro of his mother, to see that she suffered as little as possible, to prevent her from having any trouble—whioh I fear was not the view at all that Charlie took of his duty to his mother. Aubrey, like all out siders, had a clearer view of Mrs. Kingsward's condition than her family had arrived at. He was very sorry for her, poor, delicate, tender woman—and grieved to the bottom of his heart that this trouble should have come npon her through him. Bee was different; there would be so many ways, please God, if all went well— and he could not bring himself to think that all would not go well—in whioh he could make it up to his Bee. Finally he permitted himself to write a little letter to meet his darling on her return, and enclosed it in another to Mrs. Kings ward, directed to Kingswarden. They would receive it when they entered their house—and by that time, surely, his letters would not be any longer a forbidden thing. That morning it rained, and the London skieß hung very low; The world had the effect of a room with a low roof, stifling and without Air. He set out to walk to Colonel Kingsward's office. I forget whether the intelligence de partment of the War Office was in existence at that time, or if it has always been in existence, only not so much heard of as in our vociferous days. If it did exist then it was, of course, in Pall Hall, as we all know. Aubrey set out to walk, but soon recollected that muddy bootß de tracted from a man's appearance, especially in the eyes of a npick and span person like Colonel Kingsward, who never had a speck upon any garment, and accordingly he got into a hansom. It did not go any faster than the beating of his heart, and yet he could have wished that it ■hould only creep along like the heavier cabs. He would have put off this interview now had he been able. To think that you are within an hour at most of the moment when your life ■hall be sottled for you absolutely by another person's will, and that the question of your happiness or unhappiness rests upon the manner in which he will look at the question, the perception he will have of your difficulties, the insight into your heart, is a terrible thing, especially if you know little of the person who has thus become endowed, as it were, with the power of life and death over you, do not know if his understanding is a large or limited one, if he has any human nature in him, or only mere conventionality and the shell of human nature. It is seldom, perhaps, that one man is thus consciously in the power of another, and yet it must come to that more or less every day. Colonel Kingsward was in his room, seated at his writing table, with piles of books and map 3 and masses of newspapers all round him. He was an excellent linguist, and there were French papers and German papers, Russian, Scandi navian—all kinds of strange languages and strange little broadsheets, badly printed, black with excessive ink, or pale with imperfect im pression, on the floor and the table. He had a large paper knife at his hand in ivory, with the natural brown upon it, looking like a weapon which could cut a man, not to say a book, in pieces. He looked up with an aspect whioh Aubrey, whose heart was in his mouth, could not read—whether it was mere politeness or something more—and bade Mr. Leigh be seated, putting aside deliberately as he did so the papers with which he was engaged. And then he turned round with the air of a man who says: "Now you have my entire attention," and looked Aubrey in the face. The young man was facing the light which came in from a large high window reaching nearly to the roof. The elder man had his back half turned from it, so that his regard was less easy to read. It was not quite fair. Aubrey had everything against him: his agitation, his anxiety, an expressive tell-tale face, and the light searching every change that took place in it; while his opponent was calm as his own paper knife, impassive, with a coun tenance formed to conceal his emotions, and the light behind him. It was not an equal match in any way. "I have come direct from Cologne," Aubrey said. " Ah, yes. I believe my wife say 3so in her letter." "You have news from them to-day? I hope that Mrs. Kingsward is better." "My wife never at any time speaks much of her health. She was a little fatigued and re mained another day to rest." " She is very delicate, sir," said Aubrey. He did not know why, unless it was reluctance to begin what he had to say. I am perfectly acquainted with Mrs. Kings ward's condition," said the Colonel in a tone which was not encouraging. He added, "I don't suppose you took the trouble to come here, Mr. Leigh, in order to speak to me about my wife's health." "No. It is true. I ought not to waste the time you have accorded me. Ido not need to tell you, Colonel Kingswatd, what I have come about." " I think you do," snid the Colonel, calmly. " My letter to my wife, which I believe Bhe communicated to you, conveyed all I bad to say on the matter. It was not written without re flection nor without every possible effort to arrive at the truth. Consequently, I have no desire to reopen the subject. It is in my mind concluded and put aside." " But you will hear me?" said Aubrey. "You have heard one statement, surely you will hear the other. No man is condemmed unheard. I have come hear to throw myself upon your mercy—to tell you my story. However pre judiced you may be against me " "A moment, Mr. Leigh. I have no prejudice against you. lam not the judge of your oonduot. I claim the right to decide for my daughter— that is all. I have no prejudice or feeling against you." "Colonel Kingsward," oried Aubrey, "for God's sake listen! Hear what I have to say." The Colonel looked at him again. Perhaps it was the passion of earnestness in the young man's face that touched him. Perhaps he felt that it was unwise to leave it to be said that he had not heard both sides. The end was that he waved his hand and said: "My time is not my own. I have no right to spend it on merely private interests; but if you will make your story as short as possible I will hear what you have to say." [to be continued.] 