§,otz% d i\tz JEUrnth. HPHE , following special services have been arranged by the -1 Cathedral Chapter for the Dedication Festival and Anni versary of the Consecration of the Cathedral : — January 24th, 7 p.m., First Evensong of the Festival (full choral). January 25th, Conversion of S. Paul; 8 a.m., Holy Communion; 10.30 a.m., Matins, Holy Communion (choral), and Sermon ; 7.30 p.m., Evensong (choral) and Sermon. January 28th, Evensong (chorali and short Sermon. 'We understand that instead of closing the Cathedral on the three Sunday afternoons during the holidays of the choir, the musical portion of the service will be rendered by the choirs of All Saints' (St. Hilda), Christ Church (South Yarra), and St. John's (Melbourne), on February 7th, 14th, and 21st respectively. nPHE following is the list of special preachers for the services -* commemorative of the Dedication of St. Paul's Cathedral : —Sunday evening, January 24th, 7p.m., Bev. Dr. W. S. Chapman. St. Paul's Day, January 25th, 10.30 a.m., the Dean; 7.30 p.m., Archdeacon Green. Thursday, January 28th, 7.30 p.m., the Precentor. Sunday morning, January 31st, 10.45 a.m., the Bishop; afternoon, 3.30 p.m., Canon Potter; evening, 7 p.m., Canon Potter. Monday evening, February 1st, 7.30 p.m., the Bishop. A T a meeting of the Council of the Sunday School Association -£*- on Thursday, the 31st. ult., it was announced that the Bishop had appointed Friday evening, February 5th, for the presentation of the prizes and certificates to the successful scholars at the November examination. A resolution was passed that the chairmen of the different sections of the Examining Board — Dr. Vance for the senior classes, the Bev. J. Stretch for the intermediates, and the Bey. S. C. Kent for the juniors — be asked to address the meeting and give the impressions of the general character of the competitors' work. 'M EMOBIAL services for Bishop Perry were held in the -'-*- Cathedral on Sunday, December 6th, which were attended by large congregations, although the weather was most unfavourable. The sermon in the morning was preached by the Dean, who, in spite of his recent illness, preached with wonder ful freedom and power. Indeed, the force and fire which this grand old clergyman (at ninety -three) can put into his addresses, put to shame the tamer utterances and feeble voices of many of us who are thirty or forty years his juniors. On this occasion it is no marvel that his words were more than usually effective, for he was speaking of a man he loved, of a subject of which he was master, of a work in which he had himself taken a leading part from the beginning. Canon Handfield's deliver ance in the afternoon was a masterly review of the deceased Bishop's labours in the colony. . As many have expressed to us the desire to have copies of this valuable sermon, we may say that we hope to be allowed to print it vn extenso in our next issue. HRHE Committee of the New Guinea Mission met on Monday -*? last (Canon Vance in the chair), and arranged, with the consent of the Bishop and the Cathedral chaplain, that a memorial service for the late Bev. A. A. Maclaren shall be held in the Cathedral on the evening of Thursday, the 14th inst., at eight o'clock. The preacher will be the Bev. C. J. Godby, M.A., hon. secretary to the Mission Committee. The following resolution was also agreed to : — ' That the members of this Committee have no words to express their sense of the great services of the Bev. A. A. Maclaren, and of the immense loss they have sustained by his death. They desire to convey to his mother, of whom he ever spoke with such reverence and affection, and to his other relations, their deep sympathy; and they feel that the very fact of the death of their beloved brother shpuld rouse them, and all the friends of the New Guinea Mission, with renewed energy and vigour, to prosecute the work so dear to his heart.' rrvWO things we would strongly impress upon the minds of ?*? Churchmen, in view of the late disastrous tidings from New Guinea. One is, that it is due to all who had any part in sending out the late Bev. A. A. Maclaren and his party to these distant fields of labour, and in promising him all needful supplies, that full inquiry be made as to whether the arrange ments made with Mm on his leaving Sydney, on which the health and comfort of his party largely depended, were properly carried out ; and whether there is any truth in the rumours that the contractors for putting up his mission-house — the gift of the Church in Victoria — fulfilled their engagement so ill that, up to the time of Mr. Maclaren's leaving New Guinea, the missionaries had only a common native house to face the summer heat in. Another is, that the last tone for us to take now is that of despondency — the last thought that should be in any of our minds is that of retreating or giving up. The true note was struck by a preacher in one of our suburban churches, when he said, ' Only that we know and are persuaded that our \ Lord never permits good work for Him to be wasted, or any servant of His to have toiled in vain, we might feel indeed that that great work — the first mission taken up in common by the Australian Colonies — was wrecked at starting. But our true lesson rather is, not to despair because one faithful servant has been removed, but to go on in faith, to be all the more determined that the catise to which He gave His life shall not be abandoned, and to trust that He who raised' up Paul to take the place of Stephen will send some missionary full of zeal and the Holy Ghost to take up the work of Mr. Maclaren.' ? IT is with much pleasure that we learn that the corporate body of S. Augustine's College, Canterbury, has elected the Bev. Canon Chalmers, B.D., Incumbent of St. Andrew's, Brighton, to an Honorary Fellowship in the College. It was offered through the warden as a ' recognition of our appreciation of the good work you have done in Australia,' and has been accepted by Canon Chalmers, whose regard and esteem for his old ' Alma Mater' has not diminished with the lapse of years. The Honorary Fellows consist of those who, in the opinion of the corporation, have served the College in some marked way as benefactors or officials, and of such former students as have attained to prominent positions in their respective dioceses. Among the latter class are the Bishops of Bangoon, Kaffraria, and Saskatchewan, the Archdeacon of Cape Town, and Dr. Parkinson, Canon of Halifax, Nova Scotia ; and we congratulate Canon Chalmers on his name being added to the list of the emeriti of his old College. HpHE proceedings of the late General Synod of the Church in J- Australia seem to have awakened considerable interest in England — at least, if the space accorded to the reports of Aus tralian correspondents, both in the Church Times and the Gtiardian, may be regarded as a criterion. In both these popular and widely-circulated newspapers a lengthy account of the proceedings is given in three successive, weekly issues, and these accounts are, on the whole, faithful and accurate. We strongly suspect that the correspondents who furnished them are themselves members of the Synod. The Guardian correspon dent writes from Sydney, he of the Church Times from Adelaide. The Guardian reports are very full. We notice that consider able prominence is given in this paper to the debate on the resolutions moved by Canon Chalmers with regard to the incon gruity of exacting at consecration an oath of due obedience from the Primate of Australia to the Primate of all England. The principles set forth by the mover of the resolutions in his opening speech are supported in both papers as reasonable and correct, and in the Guardian of November 18th a leading ? article, under the title of ' The Patriarchate of Canterbury,' deals with the question. ' The proposal of Canon Chalmers on the subject of the oath,' says the Guardian, 'seems to us too obvious to be seriously contested, except on the ground that, illogical as the present arrangement is, it is yet necessary in order to preserve the connection between the Church of England and her various daughter Churches. We do not think that for this purpose the oath of obedience to Canterbury is necessary. The connection with the English Church can be maintained by other means.' The Synod affirmed the terms of the oath to be inappropriate to the circumstances of the Church in Australia, and if the Church authorities in England become equally con vinced that it is so, the ' incongruity' will probably be repeated no more. WE have been requested to insert the following circular which has been addressed by the Bishop to the clergy and stipendiary readers of this diocese : — ' My Deae Brethren — At the request of the Council of the Church of England Temperance Society for this diocese, I gladly invite your co-operation in the endeavour to circulate The Crusader, a monthly periodical which aspires to be the organ of the society. Its title defines its object. Its promoters intend to carry on a vigorous crusade against the sin of intemperance. The pages of the magazine will contain contributions from various writers. Argument, appeal, facts, narrative, prose, poetry, will be employed to expose the evils of drunkenness, to suggest counteractive agencies, and to encourage temperance and sobriety in yoxmg and- old. In order to unite and strengthen the friends of temperance throughout the diocese, full information ' will be given respecting the society's branches in town and country, and the plans adopted by them to enrol members, to secure a good attendance at the meetings, and to rescue the drunkard from the slavery of his besetting sin. The conductors of our maga zine will be loyal to the constitution of the society, the basis of ' which is ' union and co-operation, on perfectly equal terms, ? between those who use and those who abstain from intoxicating drinks.' The success of The Crusader will mainly depend on the zeal with which its claims to support are urged upon our people ; and none can urge those claims so forcibly as the clergy and the readers. The price of each number is one penny. Commending this new venture to your kindly aid, I remain, my dear brethren, your faithful servant in Christ — F. F. Melbourne, President. Bishopscourt, Christmas, 1891.' IT is with unfeigned satisfaction that we remark that out of fourteen candidates presented for ordination on St. Thomas' Day no fewer than ten had been students of Trinity College. After this we trust that we shall not hear any more the reproach levelled against the Theological Department of the College that its cost to the Church is more than its worth to the diocese warrants. It is surely a matter of no small moment to the Church that in a year when in nine large parishes, six of them important suburbs of Melbourne, the curacies were vacant at the same time, our own Diocesan College has been able to furnish highly qualified men, of proved earnestness and zeal, in sufficient number to meet the unusual demand, and give our over-worked clergy all the aid that they required. The result of the last ordination adds special interest to the statement in the report lately issued by the Trinity College Council, that ' The Council is glad to be able to report that the College authorities consider that the present Theological Students (fourteen in number) show more than usual promise, and exercise a stronger moral influence at the College than at any previous time.' With such useful work being done, it is painful to have to record that the loss for the year upon receipts and expenditure is no less than ^1195, the whole of which has to be. made up out of the Warden's salary and private means. WE are glad to see that the Melbourne Grammar School shows well in front on the Honour lists of the Matricu lation examination, one pupil carrying off the Mathematical Exhibition, while another takes the third place in the Classical First Class. THE ordination held in the Cathedral on December 21st — the Festival of St. Thomas — will long be remembered by Melbourne Churchmen, not only for the number of candidates presented — nine deacons and four priests, exceeding by four the largest niunber ordained in one day on any former occasion — but for the solemn and imposing character of the ceremonial, for the large and attentive congregation crowding the hall to the far door, and for the number of clergy who walked in procession in their robes, recalling' another most striking feature of the opening-day in January of last year. The Bishop deserves the thanks of the whole Church, but especially of the clergy, for his action in changing the Ordination Day from a Sunday to a week-day, by which he has not only enabled the clergy to attend a service in which they are so deeply interested, but secured that the congregation present shall consist of persons to whose sympathies the ordination appeals, and not of persons who, coming for their customary worship,' are perplexed by the novelty of the proceedings, and possibly wearied by their length. The procession observed the same order as on the Dedication Day — choir, candidates for deacon's order, candidates for priest's order, clergy of the diocese in order of seniority, minor canons, canons in , order of seniority, the Archdeacon of Melbourne, the Preacher (Canon Chase), the Dean of Melbourne, the Bearer of the Pastoral Staff, the Bishop and his two chaplains. The following members of the Chapter were present, in addition to Dean Macartney and Archdeacon Stretch: — Canons Chase, Handfield, Goodman, Vance, Chalmers, Potter, and Carlisle ; also, Lay-Canons Messrs. Godfrey, Looker, and Sir George Verdon. The following deacons were ordained : — Eev. William Dalton, of Greta, who acted as Gospeller ; F. C. Anderson, B.A. (Trinity College), Christ Church, Hawthorn ; Evelyn Snodgrass (Trinity College), St. Paul's, Geelong ; F. G. Swan (Trinity College), Christ Church, South Yarra ; George A. M. Pringle (Trinity College), Holy Trinity, Kew; John Good (Trinity College), i St. Thomas', Essendon; W. St. Jonn Chase (Trinity College), M Golden Square, Bendigo ; Charles K. Cole (Trinity College), I White Hills, Bendigo ; Henry Miller, Werribee. The following | were ordained priests : — The Eev. J. C. Ward, B.A. (Oxpn), 1 Eosedale; G. Newton (Trinity College), Orbost, Gippsland; § F. J. Price (Trinity College), St. Mary's, North Melbourne ; | G. Parker (Trinity College), St. Stephen's, Eichmond. Between | two hundred and three hundred persons remained to Com- I municate at the celebration following the , ordination. One 1 infringement of the Church rules we noticed here — that the | newly-ordained priests, instead of remaining, as directed, in the 1 place where they received the layjLng-on of hands, until they | communicated, left the altar rails in a body at the commence- | ment of the Communion office, and came up afterwards to com- I municate, not first or together, but at what time and in what ? ^ . | order opportunity offered. We trust that the examining chaplain, | or whoever acts as cereinoniwrius at ordinations, will see that | on future occasions the Eubric be complied with, and that the I one blemish in a most orderly and reverent service be not § repeated. ? 5 pLEEGYMEN intending to offer themselves for the Divinity I ^ Examinations of Trinity College, Toronto, in 1892, 1893, or j 1894, are requested to take notice that, unless not only their j names, but the amount of the examination fees, and papers to | show that they possess the qualifications necessary for can-. j dictates, are in the Eegistrar's (Dr. Vance) hands before the 24th j inst., their application cannot be received. The fees for can- j didates presenting themselves, for the first time, are £2 10s. ' J After the date named the Eegistrar has no authority to receive j applications for this or any other year. J HAS a clergyman any right to solemnise a marriage, according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, when one or both of the parties to the union have not been baptised ? . This question has come up recently in England through the marriage of a Miss Fitch in St. Giles', Camberwell, with a Mohammedan native of India. In this country the point ? has frequently been brought up by the desire of Christian women to have the blessing of the Church on their marriage with Chinamen. We remember a case in which a clergyman incurred considerable ill-will through his steady refusal to marry j a young lady of his congregation to a highly respectable Jewish merchant. Leading members of this diocese, lay and clerical, wrote to him urging that he should reconsider his decision on H the ground of the determining influence which his doing so would probably have on the would-be bridegroom's inclination towards Christianity. The clergyman, however, was not to be convinced that he had any right to allow a professed disbeliever in the Blessed Trinity to pronounce before him the solemn declaration, ' With this ring, &c;, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ;' so he adhered to his refusal. Some more accommodating minister was found, and the couple were married. We have no liking for what are called civil marriages, but if mixed marriages such as we have described are to take place, the Eegistrar's office, and not the church, is the place in - which they should be celebrated. A FTEE public attention has been so much drawn to the ?£*- Salvation Army methods by the visit and addresses of ' General' Booth, it may be well to hear what an ex- clergyman of our Church — who, some years ago, joined the Army, and 1 rose through its various grades of military command to be an officer on the General's Staff, but has since resigned his ' com mission' ' and returned to the Church of England — has to say upon , the Army work. We extract the following resume of his experience from a Sydney journal : — 'In answering the question, ' Has the Army solved the problem of how to reach the masses ?' he says : ' My answer is, after four years' experience of its work, most certainly, Nol' As to the causes of the Army's success, he v makeB the following practical remarks: — 'I have come to the conclusion, from close observation, that the reasons or cauBe are three-fold: first, the use of the comic; second, the use. of - women ; third, the use of everybody.' These agencies, which he describes in detail, have been attractive by their novelty, and much real good has been effected .by their means; but he is of opinion that the attraction will not . Jb© .permanent. 'In the course of time,' he says, 'people^tjslget just as used to religion associated with comedy as t^eyjh^d previously got used - I to it associated with reverence and devotion;' and 'dried-up testimonies become in time just as stale and useless as dried-up sermons.' As to woman's work, valuable as it is, he is of opinion that ' the unnatural strain entailed by ordinary conduct of a Salvation Army corps upon a young girl must be altogether prejudicial to her health, and cannot possibly be endured for any length of time. At 'the end of five or ten years the girl's strength is gone, her constitution is practically ruined, and she has to return home in many cases too ill to do anything for her support.' If partially successful in ' the work of saving the lost,' he believes that ' Salvationism has failed even more than Methodism in the after-work of building up the saints.' He has some wise words to say with regard to the slight apparently cast upon the Church's Sacraments by the Army. He thinks this will prove fatal to its 1 ultimate success as a spiritual force,' yet he is inclined to think that it may be ' a providential arrangement of God that the most sacred rights of Christianity should have been preserved from the travesty and ignominy to which so much of religion has necessarily been reduced by the methods of the Army.' ' TN the Yorkshire Herald of Saturday, November 7th, the ?*? following announcement appears under the heading, ' Death of Bishop Kennion in Australia': — 'A special telegram from Adelaide, dated Thursday (November 5th), says, ' The Bight Bev. Dr. Kennion, Anglican Bishop of Adelaide, was found dead to-day.' ' Then follows a full and, doubtless, accurate account of the deceased prelate's parentage, and academic and minis terial career ; the whole concluding with the statement, ' The news of the sudden demise of Dr. Kennion will be received with feelings of the deepest regret by a large circle of friends throughout Yorkshire.' We should be afraid that it will, and that much unnecessary pain will be given to the Bishop's family and acquaintances in consequence. To our readers no doubt the feeling with which the news will be received is one of unmitigated astonishment, seeing that the good Dr. Kennion, of Adelaide, is a very live and energetic member of the Australian Bench of Bishops at this day. The telegram came, it seems, from Adelaide, which makes it harder to under stand how the mistake can have arisen. Has Dr. Kennion been founding any new society, and can the cablegram have been cut short after the words 'has founded?' FOB some time there has been in the minds of many members of the Church of England a suspicion that the census returns would give -the enemies of the Church some satisfaction by proving that, during the last decade, the numbers of the members and adherents of the Church of England have been seriously diminished. The correspondence in a secular contemporary drags a weary length under the startling title of 'The waning influence of the Church of England,' a phrase invented by the Bishop of Ballarat. The fears and the phrase may now both be set aside. The Church of England has not only held her own, but has gained more than any other denomination. The Presby terians show a steady decrease in percentage since 1861, and this in spite of, or possibly because of, the fact that for their best pulpits they almost invariably import ministers from Scotland, and this without angry letters in the secular Press. By far the largest body among the Methodists are the Wesleyans ; in 1881 they numbered 97,118, in 1891 they were 134,841. The Primitive Methodists have gained in the same period 2644; the ' United Free Methodists,' 644. One body, the ' New Connexion Methodists,' appears to have vanished. The Spiritists will soon become as phantasmal as their own ghosts if they do not bestir themselves. Perhaps the greatest surprise is the actual number of the ' Salvation Army.' From the returns of conversions published in the War Cry from time to time, the public had a right to expect six figures, say, 100,000 ; the returns from the people give 13,517, and it wo^ild be interesting to know how many of these have been rescued from the ' submerged tenth,' and how many attracted from other denominations, especially from the minor sects among the Methodists. The Independents are not apparently making much progress. In 1881 they numbered 2*35 per cent, of the population; in 1891, 1*98 per cent. This fact might have been useful to Dr. Bevan (when in England), whose glowing account of the position of his denomination in Victoria was cabled to the Argios. The centesimal increase from which small denominations draw much comfort is always misleading. The smaller the sect the more a slight increase will tell. In 1881 there was one ' Boorowite;' if in 1891 there had been two, the Boorowites could have boasted that they, had increased 100 per cent. The following table will show more fully' the relative positions of the various denomina tions: — , 1881\. l&l.; Wesleyan Methodists .. .. 97,115 .. 134,841 Primitive Methodists .. .. 8,707 .. 11,351 United Free Methodists .. .. ' 1,625 .. 2,269 New Connexion Methodists .. .. 159 .. — 'Disciples' .. .. .. 4,859 .. 8,265 Plymouth Brethren . . . . 648 .. i,067 Catholic Apostolic Church .. .. 383 .. 407 ? '? NewChurch .. ... .. 292 .. 305 The following table, published by the Argus, shows, according to the last four censuses, the number of persons of each religion, the increase or decrease of each in the intervals between those censuses, and the proportions per cent._ of those of each religion to the number whose religion was specified : — -w«h i © eous-*oooscs us oo © -n t § '3 a .? mojhojtHoj -n us cp in ?-# # S §* © -S O CO tH rH -N to to r-i a- -» E OS E— C*l co t» CO OS OO r- ) OS CO t- OS -N rA « n § fl(S O IN © US OS (N m -& 00 rH '«# tH OD 00 g S0^-3** -xT©' co\aT «'«'«- us ?*' -n%}T oo'V ?-1 a « g t-c- ©so-* -n -* I ?3 A £} -n -n tH US 00 MNOOW* HOitOHlOt o3 O -M 00 © t* iH 00 tH OS US -^ US OJ E-- g ?-* US^ r-^CN^tH 00^ U^-^C^-^Tj^CX^ 2 ©'t-T t-^t-^otTcfrfr^Tir oo~*o-cq'-n'co--n' S3 ??# tH rH CO US IN IN Tjt --H tH-N PL, iH r-H^ -* r-) tH (N ? tH'r-T ? la'Sii ? O '* US 00 US © t- tH tH IN 00 OS -D°13B . £, fr- CO US CO Tfl -N © US CO -N 00 . 2 !sP §'b * o . cb us eo in -N -n ?* ' tH * ' « n g *' tH CO tH tH (N -D -U £ QOOO CD 00 CO E- -N US ©OSrH©OS© 2 S a tHOO U3 © CO 00 CD O CO US OS tH OS C Eg StiSejiS oo-n ?*)- co oo co © -n xot-THtotO1* oo o'o'1^ ©'r-T eo'C5'©~t-r-'#-r-r ef «T of ' ? a 5 I S3 MB-1O-I . . « i „; «5H tH tH CO 00 CO «D © © OS rfl CO US S ?-# os ososusc-t-© oo eo us rji oo us , O COIN (N US © 00 00^ -M TllOOWMWO 2 cTc^ r-Tc-f ua'crcTos' eo'-^rr-rcf t-^us' ® CO-* tH CO tH iH -M rH © iH tH .to 00 00 COiH r-4 (M ?S-m -« ° tHOOCOTflODtH CO©t--*00 goBq .© © t- iH us cq us cp us ?* eq cp 2&e-;° ?-=- cbuseoc-i-k(N co'in'* ? S^4* g COtHtH -N -u S S2 corn t»oso-uso© hoocohthw . g § a ©tH C0O5©O-iH© OSCOt-USOSO S StigOiS ^ ^J, cTo!ic^,':'^co»tT, c^.co '^,'* ''^'^1, 2 o°o''« t-Teo' us* us t-^uTt-^rtT ©' oo' eo'oT S a S os OS ??« N -* co I I i-i H ^ rH tH ? ^ COCO USCO©tHiHtH ©tH©-*t-US a oa© eooocqcstH© -Mt-useooocQ g US © 00 OS -N^iH COO COUS5OC-00US G tH'co' c-^c-r--droo'!o''o6*- ©'co'c^'tH'-^Mr P CO tH UStHOStHtHlH C- tH tH to t- C- (N tH tH §o-3c: ,° ustposrtti^us ©uj©(N©3. SS.S'.S *S ©CDOOWtHoq tH ' US * ? to ? . ? S ? IN (M 00 -* tH CO rH iH OS CO CO CO CO © 2 (M OS CDOOtHOVOO (N © (N 00 OS CO o coco ©©ust-oco ooos -n^-n eo os S ©'cvT (N't^Tco'cif oTeo' oTofco't-rTH't^' ® Ttl -N tHO0-*TH rH © IN tH Ph . US US -N tH ~. ~. TO ~Z 7 T ~. . -*a '. I ~. 1 '. g a - § l .i :§- i . . I ? .1 . . . :f. ?§ . s.s- i s^ « i It ls| |g ?I ?'?- I M'i § ' i|^ I i «« litiifi ihmi Note. — The minus sign ( - ) indicates decrease. MB. N. KINSMAN is getting deep into the thousands in. his list of marriages solemnised according to the rites and ceremonies of the Free Church of England, but without a bishop's license or publication of banns. It is hardly necessary to add that the Church of England in question is only a Colling wood imitation of the great Church over the Melbourne branch of which Bishop Groe presides. It must be now nearly thirty years since Mr. Kinsman, at one time a lay -helper in St. Mark's parish, seceded from the Church of his fathers, but out of a love for it which a sense of ill-usage could not quench, carried with him (to comfort him in his exile) its name, its marriage service, and its right to appoint its own scale of marriage fees. For a longtime ' the new Church could be quoted as a perfect pattern of the ecclesi astical unities. The denomination was gathered under one roof — the eloquence, and zeal, and activities of the entire ministry were collected under one hat. Having no superior, or associate in his ministry, Mr. Kinsman considered himself justified in claiming to be recognised as head of his denomination, and, in that character, applied for and obtained his own registration as a minister entitled to perform marriages. Lately, we under - stand, on the same 'head of denomination' theory, he has succeeded in registering two or three of his assistants for the same duties. It must not, however, be understood from this that the denomination is increasing. The Free Church of England in Collingwood is an unassuming body, not anxious . to make proselytes or to build churches, wonderfully suc cessful in bringing people together, but content for the most part with a congregation of two. A circumstance has recently occurred which sets the unpretending character of this body and its 'head' in a very strong light. A bishop of the (English) Free Church of England has been on a visit to Australia. With the nature of his claims upon the Church we have dealt before. Mr. Kinsman, however, received him with open arms, and desired ordination at his hands. This is an instructive fact. It is an admission by Mr. Kinsman that the Collingwood Free Church of England is an identical denomi ? nation with that represented by Bishop Meyer, that ordination is a necessary qualification to its ministry, and that this qualifica tion Mr. Kinsman has not got. But if he is not qualified for a minister of the body, by what right can he claim to be its head ? Some sense of this difficulty begins, it would seem, to be entertained in official quarters, as we learn that Mr. Kinsman is no longer to exercise the right of nominating ministers of religion for the performance of the marriage ceremony. But what becomes then of his own right to officiate at 'marriages ? It was as head of his denomination that he originally nominated himself to the Eegistrar-G-eneral, and was registered as a minister entitled to marry. If he is not head of the denomi nation that nomination was really worthless, and his registration, accordingly, is invalid from the first. THE following, appendix to the Eeport of the Select Vestry of the Union of Creagh, Ballinasloe, for the year ended Easter, 1891, Diocese of Clonfert, Ireland, may be of service in the parishes of other Dioceses : — ' People should consider that when the parish priest calls at the house of a sick person, it is for the purpose of seeing that sick person, and not merely to express his sympathy to the servant at the door. If one is sick enough to have a doctor, he is usually sick enoiigh to have the prayers of his pastor. Physicians (some) and people generally are much mistaken when they refuse the clergyman admittance to the sick chamber. Sometimes, no doubt, it would be unwise for the invalid to see any one ; but it must be a very critical and painful hour which may not be soothed by a few prayers and a few words of cheering piety.' 