CHAPTER V. COLONEL DB EOAL. The ball" which, followed close oponjthe 'Heels-of-the dramatic entertaihrnent, was at its height.. JProm the half circular gallery above the gay throng, it seemed that the play had j UBt begun. Those who had taken part in the mimic scenes here tofore were merged into the picture, and added tone and-color to it. An old clock of antique model, standing above the balUBtraded stairway, chimed an hour after midnight as Colonel de Boal passed _on wsrdwith measuredtread to the suite of rooms beyond assigned to his use. He had not changed one jot of his costume as Sir Giles Overreach, except the heavy wig. He entered his room, took a wet sponge, and carefully removed all traces J of the dark lines which had been streaked ; upon his face by the costumiers, who had given it the hard, stem aspect- of the I greedy, money-grabbing hero of Massin. ger'a drama. This : accomplished to his satisfaction, the Colonel stood before the huge inirror «nd complacently Stroked his large moustache reflectively for some considerable time., At the-further end -of the apartment there was an old "weather-beaten trunk standing on s chair; Torn portions of many labels of divers' colors still adhered to it, proving that it had. been a great traveller ii its-day. Whatever might have been the subject of Colonel de Roal's cogitations, they evi dently had some connecting link with the valise, for, his thinking fit ended, he pro duced a key, unlocked the receptacle, and took therefrom some documents, together j part of an old newspaper. These he thrust into his doublet. As he was about to close the trunk a second , thought'seemed j to occur to him, for he plunged his hand amongst its miscellaneous contents, and drew forth a small revolver. " Gaston de Roal, you have existed in this begutifol world till you are old and grey, but your trust in human nature has not been improved by time mon ami. Trust no one is a good maxim. This great est military geniufl of any time trusted his friend Brutus, and Brutus murdered Caw&r.; Humph 1 rest there my ffiend till wanted," he continued in a muttered jfcohe. " When one has to play with a skilled gamester it is well to have more than one tramp card to hand/' With the same measured, soldierly tread, which appeared part and parcel of the man, he went out along the corridor j smiling and bowing with conrtly grace to many who had taken possession of the grand staircase to kiss and flirt, and as cending a small flight of stairs branching therefrom, entere d a chamber situated al most at the apex end ot the building. The apartment w as a sort of retreat or smoking room used by Hilton Fernbrook, and on that account was held strictly private frofrn all intrusion by that gentle man's guests. Nevertheless, the Colonel j marched iu without ceremony. Hilton 7j?ernbrook was «eated> conning a.rough chart spread out on.? table be ford bint, while Timothy Sharpe, his man* introduced in the first chapter of this j history :as the Ferret, stood by, ready equipped, as if for a long journey. The latter personage was evidently dis turbed at the sight of the intruder, but Fernbn>ok rose quietly and bade his visitor w elcome. "We \ rill defer your departure, Sharpe, until the morning," he said, folding up the map and placingit in an: iron box, which he locked. "Now go." " Pray, don't let me disturb you, my dear Fern brook," began the Colonel. «' Be aented, sir. The business is of little impo rtaiice," rejoined Hilton,' draw ing an easy chair towards the fire. "Good night, Sha rpe. Close the door." The Ferret bowed and retired, but not through tl ie deor which de Boal had en tered. H«> drew aside a thick curtain which divif ied the room from a deep re cess filled with useless gens, fishingtackle, &c.;, and made his exit throughalow doorway behind it. The master of FsrabhtBk; and his visitor sat lfi silence for several* minutes after-thedeparture vftheFerTeti " My sou,, I.feel.inquisitive to-night,*' | said the Colonel iuhis bkmdeafctone after a long pause. " I'm afraid 1 have an noyed ytnr by-cbmiflfr- h"£fe"unexpccted< |iy." . " ? ?' ' ' " " SbtiitaU. Colonel * dl1jEtoaHebqUite at liberty* to go where lie pleases hereat Fernbrook. But vfaah' ares yeur>' de sires ?" " What is behindthat sfcreenT* ""Nothing but old lumber-accumulated, ti>© Lord knows when«or>li oW?!' ' And the doorway thtere isiir the^e-; cess?" 1 It leads to a-passage opening to the stables below, that's all." " Humph 1 This is but a poor,, "unat tractive apartment,, mon cher. with-so many at your command, and very much.: superior: injthe way of embellishments;" Hilton Fernbrook turned and looked! I full in the face of his companion. . I I " This room suit6 me," he -responded slowly. " Here I am secure from in I trusion. Come sir," he added morfe J . quietly, " you have not sought me in my J Aen to ask silly, questions ? at two o'clock^ in-the morning." '' No, my son, certainly not! "By the bye, are you certain that we are free from intrusion ?" . 'As free hb if we wereout yonder on: the ocean.": 1 Cxood! cried the Colonel in his usual* |-smooth voice; ''After aH I have not come 1 to tell of ghosts and goblins, and of mur ders done at midnight. Neither have I i any secrets of church or state to unfold at this? witching hour. My dear boy, my sole errand is to show you a paragraph in an-old newspaper, which may poBsibly interest you." "Thank yon. What newspaper is it?" 'The ' Sydney Morning Herald,' bear ing date of 13th March, 18 replied the Colonel. " Twelve months ago." "* Exactly." 'The news-i& certainly stale." 'But perhaps none the less interesting . for all that. Some kind of information, J like old wine, is all the better for being old. Shall I read the paragraph I" "Do so." De Roal drew his chair nearer to the table, on which stood a sm&li; perfumed lamp. Placing his gold eye glass with due care and nicety, he pulled forth the paper- from his doublet and began-to read. Hilton Fernbrook looked at his com panion. with a smile, but it was the cold j habitual smile of the practical man of the world. Above it the eyes gleamed7 with a sinister expression of dislike, and the brow frowned over the eyes like an over hanging thunder cloud. " It iB now ascertained beyond'a doubt that the burning wreck seen by the Bhip Durham Castle, en voyage to New Zea land-, was none other than the schooner " Seagull," which disappeared so mysteri ously from this port some months Ago. It will be remembered tha& the. Captain-of t the " Seagul" engageda crew ofaix men fbr a voyage to Tonga, Fiji-Isfetids. Oft the way the crew mutinied, and put the Skipper ashore on a small island within a-day s sail of Hauti, and there left him to his fate. By a pure chance Captain ! Bowls was discovered and taken on. board i the S.S. Stormbird a month afterwards, and brought on to Sydney more dead than alive after terrible suffering." The reader paused, and looking at his | companion, said My son, what do you think of it ?" Hilton Fernbrook shrugged his broad | shoulders. " Think of what, Colonel I What in terest can I have in the doings of such wretches}" ' Merely for study, dear boy. 1 know yoij are fond of describing the motive power which moves the criminal class; Hear this-" It is known that one of the | mutinous crew- engaged by Captain Bowls I of the ' Seagull' was beyond doubt- a noted criminal named Victor Mauprat, an escapee from. Portland Prison, Eng land." ''Rumor hath it that this convict;is well educated and of good birth,.his father .being no less- a- personage than- M. Auguste de M&uprat;, Consul'at Port J Royal, and his mother Berth Pierpoint, a ' Creole of good family, in Jamaica. West Indies. He was sentenced to, seven feats'penal servitude for killing« British officer in some gambling brawl, and has, so far, managed to elude recapture; It is I also believed that another of? the crew I was formerly Mauprat'a man or valet, and who, under thenom deplumeoi the 'Fer ret ' was known to the continental police | as the most brilliant card-Bliarper of the rday." Description of the escapees : "Mauprat-age aboat 27. tall and gen tlemanly ; carriage, military j comr I plexion, very dark, but clear; head, long; hair, black and curly ; forehead, high 5 black piercing eyes, well cut nose and mouth; frame, strongly built; hands and feet small. Mauprat has a peculiar gaol mark upon his shoulder which should easily lead to-the detection of this dan I geroua criminal." " Does this picture remind you of any one you are acquainted with, my -dear j Fernbrook ?" asks the Colonel, taking his j glass from his eye. " Why .should it, Colonel de Boal ?" " Oblige me by looking in yonder mir I ror while I read this description of the escaped convict, Victor Mauprat," says I the Colonel, blandly. " Pshaw! My dear sir," cried the young man with a sharp laugh, .' your jesting is ill-timed. Amuse yourself at my expense if it so pleases you, but pray select a more fitting model for my like 1 ness." The Colonel fixed his glass and looked at him with a cold stare of surprise, which had in it a subtle touch of satanic humour, which might have robbed an ordinary individual of his self-posBes sion^-ro be, Continued. F J> # ; i 