Two Lepers. (By Mobiuy Etke, in" Longman's Magazine' for July.) A shelving stretch of dazzling whito beaoh, fringed on the shore edge by some miserahlo nndergrown gums ; bofore it the sea lay still, glassy,, and glaring bs- neath tho vertical rays of the burning sun. Just abovo high-tide mark, where th6 tall grass had grown luxuriant in tho last rainy season, stood two tiny tents, each only large enough for a man to crawl into for shelter or to sleep. From the rough curtained entrance of one a man came, on his hands and knees slowly, and with much trouble raised him self by tho two upright poles which formed the door. He stood up at last, and caught in his hand a strong young sap ling, nowly cut, wh»ch leant against tho tent. With its help he dragged his foot steps laboriously balf-way down tho firm white sand of tho beaoh. There he stood still, and, leaning heavily upon his etiek, bent a little forward. HiB upraised loft hand lay trombling above his duUwbite eyebrows, and shaded the lustrelesB eyes. An old, very old wide awake covered his unkempt hair, and the buttons of his ragged cotton shirt wero unfastened, showing the thick muscles of his hare ncok, standing out like stiff strained cords. Ho shoes upon his feet ; no covering ; feet that now slowly, inch by inch, crambled, fell useless before the relentless death-leaven of leprosy. An Englishman — a leper — thrust out away from the sight of man, from the thought of humanity. Thrust out, away on that drear barren islet off tho north coast of Australia ; although not utterly alone, as Providence had given him for companionship, in another victim of the same fell distemper, a Chinaman coolie. These men, cut off by the necessity of their burden of affliction, and by the circumstance of their situation from all power of helping thomselveB, were at the mercy of those whoso duty it was to bring supplies of food and fresh water from the mainland to them. They -were frequently forgotten for days together, neglected always. In that awful tem perature, where the almost normal summer heat registers 115 degrees in the shade day after day, and where the nights are hot and choking with the clammy damp of tropic dew, the fear of death from the agony of thirst became ever a near reality to them. The Englishman stood in hopeless patience, looking wearily over to where thmainland lay, a faint purple rim upon the water's edge, straining his dim eyes vainly through the shimmering waves of heated air to catch a glimpse of the over due boat. Presently the coolie joined him and said, "Me thinkee launch no come. Chinaman no can oatohee water ; him no more can eot." The Englishman did not reply, hut turned away, and directed his heavy footsteps to a point where the smooth white sands lost themselves in a man grove swamp. There he sat down and dreamily traced with his stick tho black lineB whioh had filtered up fromthe-ooze below. The coolie had followed him at some distance Blowly," his face turned ever to the mainland as he walked. ; "Whenhe reached the swamp, he olamberod down to it to search for shellfish. ' As he Climb etL through the contorted gray-white stems of the mangroves, whioh, forced from their natural level by the never-renting swamp, and washed iJy the ebb_ and flow of the tide, had become twisted into grotesque, almost demoniacal shapes, they seemed to mook at the unfortunate man, and to stretch out their weird bare limbs as though to beckon him to bury his mutilated, almost inhuman face down in the slimy depths from whioh thoy had emergedj_ xho Englishman sfciii rested on 'the beach. Tho stick had fallen from his grasp; his elbows rested on hiB knees; his aBhen-gray face hidden by his up turned hands, as though to shut out the desolation of his surroundings.- And his thoughts wandered — lost thomselves in the days long, so long past, when he had lived happily in the old home in Somersetshire. He could see the little gray stone cot tage, standing far baok in the grass- grown orchard, the narrow path of flagstones which led to the , honey suckle- covered door, and in the distance the soft lines of the Men- dip Hills, The sweet spring season came to his vision, when the old apple trees awoke, and their rosy cluster ing buds hurst out, shrouded with tender leaves, and clothed tho dear trees again with a glorious youth. The petals of the full- blown flowers came floating through the glamour of sunshine. And he saw his mother. His mother ! God help her! He groaned. If she could see him ! Then Polly, the girl whom he had loved, who hod promised to come out to Australia to be his wife when he had found a home for her. What he found she never knew. For years she. had waited, waited, waited, until at last, weary, had fallen asleep, aud no w lay at rcBt beneath the Bhadow of the old, yew tree in the churchyard. <- The news had come ia that last < letter before his banishment. He never an swered it. Better that the dear hearts loft should never know of the living death ho must endure. The hours passed, and the bright waters of the sea grew in richness and' depth of colour as the sun sank low, and his olear disc glowed with a crystalline purity as it slowly dropped, and disap. pearing, shot up over the oloudless heaven such a flood of orimson gnd yellow, the outer" edges of the last merged into the overhead blue softly, mistily, and lower gained in tensity whero it mot the rosy glow of tbB set sun's greater glory ! And a light as of burnished gold lay over the darkening waters, and streamed through the shadows of the desmt island, and rested for a few moments vividly upon the outcasts. \- Directly two or three shrill whistles woke tho deathlike silence, followed by a loud " Cooee !" and a small launch steamed round the point. Both of tho men made tho best of their way to tho landing place ; the coolie, most flcot, reached it in time to drag the long- looked-for stores out of reaoh of the water as they were hurriedly pitolied overboard. The Englishman got to the place as the launch .was leaving, and. asked if any newspapers had been sent for him. < "No!" hhoutod the captain; "No! And you may think yourself — — lucky to get the tucker." Aud with this one' remark he departed. Month after month these two. men live through the fearful monotony of tho dry season — the time when no rain falls upon this parched North Australian land, when no cloud floats in tho pitiless evorlastihg blue, when no tender green of grass or bud shoots forth to clothe the brown, burnt, bai'o earth; and the shadows of tho gums lie, each leaf and branch, clear as a hard-traced drawing on the ground. ' Only the white, whito beach, the gloom of the swamp, and the sea surrounding all, mirrow-likc, for days together — the ebb nnd flow of the tide imperceptible, stealing up aud sinking hack silently, as some great ghost thing. Through the months of rain— thoir canvas shelter sodden, blurred inside with a growth of the mould which clings, n sickly, fringv fur, everwhero — when the rank grasses spring out of the earth and rush up in mad growth, soon to overtop tents and trees ; then the climbing plants wind their clinging tendrils round their coarse stalks, and thoir fair whito flowors bloom; but over all the damp, Btiffooat- ing, everlasting heat broods. Through, fiorce stormB, when the thunder and lighting crashes and flaros, the leaden and foam- flocked Boa, heaving, and rain falls in streaming, 'blinding torrents. Day succeeds day, month, month. Years now stand against thoir poriodof banishment. Yet these lepers live. 