A. WOMEN’S DEBATING CLUB [By A.L.F. IN THE ANGUS.] I had always stoutly maintained that a successful Women's Debating Club was among the possibilities, but in my heart of hearts, [?] it now, lingered [?] lest wo might, ho too imperfectly tratmT hnv« inherited too many feminine imiverf!. tiom* ami perversities to compare with brother*. ( 0>lr I lately received an invitation to the eluding evening (for tbosession) 0 f ?/*’ Women’s Debating Club of the Mriho., Uni verity, t promptly accepted, HtruekK* tbo independent attitude of the club n * garded desire for cop yen! euro than conventionality having evidently ' spired iU I won invited to afternoon L'?* half past fivn In the women’s common afterwards to a debate oh the subject, “li 1 Heredity or Environment the Greater i fluonce upon Character?" I found th»t it study 6f the undistributed middle and 0 f {, origin of tbo second noriat did not p ros ‘.? the room from looking very bright and m.* Little tables wore dotted about, ga Y win. (lowers and laden with good things vebil learned nymphs in flowing college gowns dial ponsed potent cups of lea and a hospitals welcome along with them. (P.B.—tIim wasn’t instead of lump sugar,) Tbe r( . w 7, not more chatlor than might have l, e r. n pooled considering that out of every trio S girls two wore talking th« whole time Seventy girls and not a solitary man poarod, not tbo ghost of one, unless the t,;,. turod dignity of the Vonomblo CliaucelLr looking down on us might so bo’termed.* j began to feel, ns a recent eminent visitor in the colonies bos put it, that “the made for wemen also.” I never'wag B0 ; ’ portflrit, collectively speaking, before, itu often amused mo’to observe tnat in histories and books of travel a' chapter L always *et aside for “women' and- marriage.'’ if vvorld wore managed altogether on the W, of the Melbourne University Ladies’ Debut insr Club, the other aox would be the ouU aiders, and the chapter would he hooded “Men and Marritge.” 'We afterwards 54, journed downstairs to the, hallowed hall where the law professor instructs fledgling barristers in the- myslcriO'i of torts and cob. tracts. The chair was filled by a young lady whoso fur-trimmed robe announced that (b# bud attained to the dignity of a bachelor of am. After the minutes of the previous meeting had boon road and confirmed, the ohnirman--(do lot mo call her upon the medical disputant to open tbo de halo. Dr, is young, with a girlish, u u . assuming, and deplorably unprofessional manner, but that did not prevent hoc making out a very good ease for the force of in horited characteristics. The respondent had a carefully prepared reply, but somehow she gave mo tbo idea all the time that she w»i not speaking from her convictions, but Lvk ing tbo opposition view for the sake of a pood argument. I hope I may be excused if I do bor injustice, Tbo fun of the evening was to come. The next speaker had primed herself with some ingeniously contrivsd example of mixed marriages—very much mixed—and the probable result on the off. spring. The instance was something Hk$ this :—A has a Dutch father and a Scotch mother; the Dutch father had a Polish mother, and the Scotch mother hod a Preach father. By this time the audience wore got, ting a little bit out of their depth, and the speaker wok requested to begin over again • but the mothers father was a Polo this time’ and the father’s mother turned-out a French, woman. This a posteriori argument was be yond tbo audience, and the speaker collapsed amid much merriment. The Greeks about this time began to harass me, for each speaker took tbo great men of Attica to prove her own side, till I began to consider them as a ball flun" from one side to the other, particularly Demosthenes and bis pebbles,' which wore in great request. Twins wore about the biggest.card scored by the heredity advocates, because if they are alike they re main alike, and if they are hopelessly unliko or disparate, similar conditions seem to affect thorn quite differently. Of course, by thii time there had been a good deal said about free will. All rends lead to Rome, and all philosophical discussions roach sooner or later that insoluble problem. The advocate* of free will were many, but one lady was an uncompromising necessitarian. Indeed, gba wound up with a statement so extraordinary that until I know her better 1 shall take to be satire; tbit wo arc what we are, and that by no net of will can wc change our future, but that what wc are wc have mado our selves I Wo once had the choice offered us. Query—When? No, 1 think that must have been a ponderous Joke. The rising of the last speaker of all was eagerly awaited, 1 was wbisperingly informed that Mias was waiting till everybody bad spoken in order to slate them all round. She Is very tallj with n bright, eager face, and has & curious habit of shifting her college gown higher up on the shoulder. It gives one the impression tlmt she is pulling up her slocvea to be ready for the fray. She is the humorist of the club,and created a laugh by saying that she had not been able to make up her mind beforehand, and was less than cvor able to do so now, that there was much to bo said in favor of either side and a great deal mon against both. The voting then took place, the humorist, on account of her superior inches, being deputed to stand on a,chair and count heads. The voting went with the opener by a large majority. At the emi nently safe and comfortable hour of half past eight all was over, and the cloisters of learn ing dcsortdd’, The whole debate might itself have been taken as a well-chosen instance of the effect of environment and a most cogent argument for its power. All the intellectual defects and the moral pettinesses that we have been told from time immemorial were inherent in woman were in Ibqso girls con spicuous by their absence. I have never been present at any discussion where the point in question was more closely adhered to. Nor was tboro an atom of personal feeling im ported into the debate, which was conducted with courtc-y and quite impersonally, though criticism was frank and occasionallly severe. The rules of debate wore duly respected, mid a gentle touch on the chairman’s bell brought the most eager speakers to an immediate close. 