FICTION. FOILED. (Concluded from our last issue.) " Yes," Norah said, and oh ! how softly and tenderly her sweet voice thrilled, "yes, I know you love me, and that knowledge is my only comfort. I cling to it with all my strength. Yes, I know you love me, and you must know that I— that I " Jim waited to hear no more, but turned and made his way to the hall, staggering as he went. Five minutes later he was galloping across the park like a madman. When he reached home, he went straight to his smoking room and flung himself into his favourite chair. He tried to think, but his thoughts were in a whirl, his brain seamed on fire. He wished to consider th| matter calmly and coolly, but found- that an utter impossibility. One thought alone possessed htm,, one bitter, cruel, maddening thought. Norah was lost to him for ever. With his own ears he had heard her encourage another man to make love to her. Norah, his Norab, his. wife whom he had loved so i dearly and trusted so blindly, had played htm false. With all his strength he strove to forget the wordB that he had over heard ; but he could not forget, and me mory was madness. It is impossible to put into words all that he suffered. The whole night long he sat alone in his smoking-room, fighting with himself and with this crushing sor row that had bowed him to the earth. When morning dawned, the cold grey light that stole in through the chinks in the curtains showed hiru to be but the wreck of his former self. What should he do? That was the question that forced itself with madden ing persistency into his brain, and the answer was not easy'to find. There were two or three courses open to him, but he could not decide which to follow. He considered and reconsidered them all, but none gave him satisfaction. At lsist a sudden thought struck him that put the others to flight. There was to be a large party at Woodlands that night. Mrs. Mervyn had invited him, and he had refused-her invitation ; but now he would go. He would give himself one more chance of seeing witbiife own eyes, and hearing with his own ears; ud if his sus picions were confirmed he wOuld tell Norah then and there that all was discovered, and that she was free to go to her lover. Acting on this idea he drove over to Woodlands in the evening, feeling like a tnan who is going to his execution. In the liall he found Mr. Mervyn enjoying a surreptitious cigarette, and was welcomed with great cordiality. "So you've changed your mind, Jim, and come to see the show after all; that's right. I'm enjoying myself in my own way, yon see ; dancing in one room, thea tricals in another, neither of them m my line, so I came out here to have a quiet smoke. Better Btay and join me." At that moment Mrs. Mervyn came slowly down the wide staircase, and crossed the hall towards the two men, struggling with a refractory bangle that refused to fasten., " Tiy apd do thiB for me, fljdgajr," she said. Then she looked up and' ^er eyes fell on Jiin. " Mr. Kennedy she cried. "Yes, it's Jim," said her husband, 'you need't look as if you'd seen a ghost." The startled look still lingered on her face, and she laughed, nervously. " You are the laBt person I expected to see," she said to Jim, "you refused so positively." "Opon my word, that's a hospitable speech," cried Mr. Mervyn, "Jim has changed hiB mind, aod we're very glad to see him. Come, take him into what you call the theatre, Kate, and let him look at his friends making fools of themselves." Mrs. Mervyn led the way across the hall, and Jim followed like a man iu a dream. It all seetnfed so strange^ bo un real ; he could hardly realise the state of affairs. , A minute or two later he was in the room that was doing'temporary duty as a theatre. One or twg people spoke to him and he answered, but made no attempt at conversation. He looked round in search of Norah, and, failing to find her, threw himself into a chair and gave way to gloomy thought. The bell rang, and the curtain rose on the second act, but Jim did not look up. He felt no interest. What were the mimic joys and woes of the stage to him i They could not compare with the tragedy of his own life. He sat there, with his eyes fixed on the ground, wrapped*~in miserable medita tions, till all at once i a voice Bounded through the room thatlthrilled Mbi like an electfjc shock. , / ' " V A v~S ■ It was Norah'e voica What Were the words that ebe was sajAng ? . - " No, no; you can da nothing. Heaven only knows how mis^fably unhappy I am, but no one can help me-sleaBtof all you." j Jim drew a longdeep breath, and raised 1 his eyes slowly, like a manawaking from j some hideous dream.^ Norah was on tl|e j stage—hie Norab, locking prettier than hehadeverseen lier;\nd by her Bide, holding her hand in hie, stood Captain Warner. ' '; "lean sympathise with yon, if I can do no more. Tell me what troubles you —it tB always a: relief to talk to a sympa thetic friend. I ain afrafti -you and your husband are dGt-*ery matched." There was nofifcedto^bear more. Jim saw in all now. As in aVlightning flash everything was made plain to him. What he had overheard the day before was a re hearsal of thiB particularacene, and he had thought—he had -thought'—Ah ! what had he dared to think 1 He cowered, guiltily, j as he remetphered all. Norah must never j low of wl(afi|he had accused her in his ,-^evet He hardly knew how to sit through the r^aindejVjjLHte^1^-^"' * aalUtttOte Daihiiiltle - but it .came to an end at last, and the curtain tell amidst: great applause. Nor all flew upBtairs as soon as the per formance was «^sr, to change her dress and waspHre Vouge and powderfrom her face.v HefrTiratrattempt at acting bad been a distinct sfcmeess, there could be no two opinions about that ; naturally enough, she was proud of the fact. She smiled, well pleased, as she dipped a sponge in soft water, and began to bathe her face. There was a shaky knock at the door, and Jim came into the room. " Here you^rp, my darling," he cried, gladly. . XT. . 1 ■; She. paused lb her operations to look up at him— w . " Yes, here I am, and likely to be; I don't know when I shall get rid of this horrid rouge. So you were there after all, Jim ; I saw yo.u in the audience, and I was so surprised. Why did you change your mind 1 It all went off splendidly, didn't it, and—and—oh ! Jim, are you very cross with me?" " CrosB with you 1" He had come quite close to her now. "No, I am not cross with you,; Norah ; why should I be 1" " Well, I was afraid you would be, and I sent for you yesterday bo that I might explain mattere, but you didn't come. You see, I was rather forced into it; I could not very well help myself. Mrs. Mervyn made such a point of my under taking the part, that I could not refuse. I thought it was rather a risque part, but, I'm awfully glad you are not cross." Jim took her is his arms, spouge and all, and kissed ber wet face. I am fonder and prouder of my little wife at this monent than I have ever been beFore," be said, " but I. think we'll have no m«re theatricals, Noi^h darling ; this shall be your first and last appearance." " Very well," said Norah, returning the kiss with interest; " I am sure I don't mind. I donttSpiind anything, so long bb you are not crobsH! And that was the end of Mrs. Mervyn's attempt at revenge. # * * * # # " What, going so soon, Mr, Kennedy V' Mrs. Mervyn looked up with a well simulated air of surprise, and smiled plea santly into J im's white, wrathful face. ' Yes," he replied ; " but let me first thank you for giving me an opportunity of attending the performance as well as the rehearsal." 