HZftW^ 1 ffiELAND IN VARIflUiS/ASPECTS. I wite^bqWf to Write particulars of another highly interesting Irish manuscript, but my attention has been diverted from the wonders of anoient art and completely engaged for the moment by observation of the freshest miracle of nature which is being slowly wrought out before my eyes. This miracle is the return of our IriBh spring— always a very gradual prooess—but this year its development is so long drawn out, almost imperceptible from day to day, that during the last two months we have sometimes asked ourselves whether Nature were not, for once, going to make an exception to her rule, and fail of . all her promises, leaving us for the rest of the year with trees bare andjbrown in the sunshine, and birds singing from nests which there are no leafy boughs to hide. I do not know how it may be with you in Australia, but here the spring is always a long anxiety from the early days of anuary, when we begin to watch the break of day and the close of evening—eagerly looking for a little ad^ed (light—until the blowing of the roses late in May, or it may be early in June. The birds appear as keenly, on the watch as we are, and no wonder* for during a severe season like that which is just past, seeming {to;inelude |three winters,, with as many successive periods of frost and snow, theBe poor little bummer music makers have naturally grown ffiBhearfcenec and become truly a mendicant order ThrusheB, blaokbirds, robins, and finches Will come Tound a friendly country doorstep like flocks of . chickens, ftrii, silent Trappists, will dpypur-'tbe OTtpabsor grains which are given {them—as j it were a loan to be repaid by inanjf a matin song and evening '^serenade—when the meadow [Sweet. > blpwing with, th long grass in the sontih wind and the apple blossomB arie pirik Jon'vOie;old knotted trees in the Jb^wkI'. 'pjo^flf V^? tyfat'tfi'tiik birds from wintry silence is as gnulualas ours from the .pressure of cold and darkneB*. As a rule, the birds begin to sing just when the leaves come on the trees. We saaroely notice the first song, for all at onoe, after a few days of sunshine, the air seeing full' of their warblings. This year the birds haye appeared during many weeks past to be ail astray as to the season. There are nole&vQ; on the trees in which they make'their nests, and the grey skies and sharp, cold air .seemed for long to frighten the songs out of their throats. A few melodious whispers, the mere ghosts of songs,- were heard from time to time by observant.ears; but thg yellow-brown mottled thrushes and the soft, furry, gold-billed blackbirds kept walking about over the grass, seeking their provendor, with as much depression in thtii movements as though January; trad not April, was beginning. About ten days ago we—bireta and human beings—imagined thai the spritfg had come at last. 1 -One brilliant day Succeeded another*, a few spring flowers ctpae out in grass and thicket,.basting in the son, which, cast the shadow of bare.; trunks ai$ boughs of trees over field ,and lawn. We atched the pale stars of the primroses egin to shine out of the mouses and '.ivy <oh the batiks. The rich ybllow of the daffodils showed between the slits in their long green sheaths, while a few wingy blossoms shook themselves free, and hung like little gold lamps above the long spears cf their tapering, clustering leaves. We looked every merniiig to see a tinge of green on the. trees, infl even discc>vefed borne frail bloBsoins on ii pear tree against a sheltered southern vral| a The birds began to sing in earnestall the day they kept calling to one Another from chestnut to lime, and from beech to elffi tree, in spite of the skeleton appearance' of their usually fostering protect'drs, the In the early dawn we could hear the peculiar caressing. notes in which the blaokbird . talks to his mate when the night is just past > and before» the light of morning has oome book to the world'. The thrush's mellow even-song was almost as delightful to listen to. Hanging round our hyacinths- and early tulips, we wert enchanted to perceive the first bee bustling about in the heart of the loveliest blossona Someone declared he had • heard a wood pigeon over among the oaks by the runbiii^ stream from the mountain, which' only yesterday was tethered by . ice to ihe dropping boughs of the hawthorn bushes. A fewOjf the rich, butter-coloured crocuses that ; come so early and in such profusion—hardly 86 much a spring flower as a herald of springestill shone in the meadow and titideriht hedges, like fairy gold, and the breath of the wild violets discovered where their aromatic purple lay hid under the ferny plumage of the waving hemlock. Down in the little grove, among the evergreens,' the delicate pink and crimson tassels of'the flowering currant made a delightful warmth of tiolouf in contrast to the cold and barre'9 boughs over its head. . The hppw cat came out and stretohed herself on the gravel in the • sun, and, 'bo* Sequently, the mornitsg nieal o!' gtaifc scattered for the creatures of /the air remained untouched, while finch and..blackbird, thrush and tom-tit,. suffered the situation in security from their bare, grey peroh in the branches of thesWaiout trees. Severn sagacious crows Wited on the highest bdughfl for a considerable timb,; attracted by tift smell of a little flesh meat itfhiqb had .bee| added as a treat to thejupual fe^st; but)W? got tired waiting .1,0 ,spe whether puss or hffl$ coveted prey proved the more patient, and went off to see if the little watei-hen and her family had as yet returned to thetf summer quarters |n the tarn aboVe the s^ikll ;oasoa(ie,"frpiii? $uknpwn iiegjonBj pi' watery highland, to! wlpcji .they XHistonMUfity withdraw when. the, ice is on - our meadoit stream. We were, ourselves, .'assuming | jocund airs, falling into canton httKtS'ot leaving'doors and windows open, antl; tfttoirj .ing oUrfajthful beit friend' ot .months pjist, the home fire, to expire of jiegl^ct upon ouf hearth. All things: declared, that to{ morrow a shift ot> the ^wind and) a M , soft April showers > would i bring' about swift completion of. Nature's lopfe-suBpefaded miraole, that the pnrjjfe moniitdn^m,*4«| distance would be seen pnl^ ^ro^li a; frelU^ work of tender gre^^d f ib^rei would become filled in on all si^ea upon tier of rapidly cxpanding leafage. I But suddenly a howl arose out of the$reat b&Mjt; chestnuts on which we'had jpirt exaltfUiia discoveredanumber bf cIose-toId^ g^^X the " margin ot the stream. Heavett and parth turned grey, and snow began to fall at freshly aB if we were within a week ofChriBtmas. We remember that, after long delay fot fear of frost, our roses have,just beeo pruned, and we are sorry for the poor Utile pear tree which was so rash with its blossoming. Wiser were the sturdy apple trees in the neighbouring orchard, which still hold their pink bloom ftfgttihat within their wood. At the present moment, ifi mid-April, we havett Sullen sky, and live in hourly expectation of a heavy snowfall. Theiirds Are silent, not a twitter comes to tis front fttiy side; the trees are as nated as though' Nature had made up her njind to do away with the expenditure of foliage. We hare oloBed oar windows and returned to ouV neglected firesides. Oar only comfort lies Jin the remembrance that after all, in spite of the weather we ate fast approaching May, and that any day Nature can repent her of hef harsh caprice, and with a new freak of bege&cenoe; can transport as into summer before w« have began to feel assured that iti spring. EOSA MULHOLLAKD 