PRINCE CHARMING; OR My Sister Guinevere. BY TEMPLE. You sny you aro surpcu'd my'sister Guir.o vi ra nwcr inarricd ; that, bj.iutifnl as sho is even now in tho faded pullor of her forty years, she must have been ouprumc in her early youth; acd that her grand manner ajiine would seem to h,\ve marked her out ii grand nlliaiioc—ono chosen from among tho many of ilia highest in the land offered to hor. And you aru too' well j bred to add what I nco yon fuel Uiatyou aro just ns much surprised to find me, who am a mere nobody compared to my sister—small and dark and shy even yet, for all my four big boyu, vrhilo sho is taU nnd fair and regil—here at tho head of this princely establishment, and tho wife.. of a man liko-my husband, for whom j Guincvorq scorns to^jcin every way fitted moro than myself. ;J . "~" ' V Well", it is strange, I admit. But shall I tell | you niyjsisterXstQry ? _ It is not quite ono i i every dayyjife'.'thcrugte'thcio^ia nothing out ragciiusly^ sensational jj> it. .Still, .it. may in terest ".'you ifiT' a study of circtiuutancc and character; and, nt all ovents, it is ; trim. i We woro always, what you sco ns lion —tho | qnscn and her subject, the adored nnd licr | ntiorcr, n mistress nnd her slave. Guiuorcrc, live years older than I, was, a 9 long ra I can remember, liko some kind of a superior beinj whom it was my duty as well as my joy to worship and obey. Her beauty was always phenomenal to mo, more especially as I I;:id none. No, do not say "Oh !"in that do precating way. It is very unkind of you to wish to spare mv sclf-lovo, and put mo on good terms with myself; but I haio heard the truth too olten. " As a child I distressed my mother many times to teara, when sho whs low- spirited, be cause she slid I was ao liko a little Aztec or horror of that kind ; and na a girl she often de clined to tal;o mo into society, because I was such a contrast to Guinevere that, she said, the w.n nshamed of me. But my husband nnd my bays are satisfied with me, and that is everything. And, indeed, only yesterday my husband said to mo laugh ing: "I declare, Rachel, you are getting quite pretty in your old ago I" So perhaps Inm growing less plain. Women sometimes do as they get older. You do not mind my telling you thi3 nonaenso ? It is only for fun. r.nt vaui^y. But if I was tho Aztec uf the family, Guine vere «-a3 tho flower—our crown imperial, our stately lily, our royal nuoen, onr hope, our love, our enchantment. Tiiero wtro ao brothers, and sho was tho heir. We were not made joint hoiressgs ; but Guinovcr.!, as was only fitting, was made sole huires-i, aud 1 bad a younger child's portion. When my father explained this to iik>, 1 told him how glad I was, as Guinevere was born for wealth and position, and I was not ; and it was only right that she f-hould keep the family name when she married, and be the representative, of the bouse as if sho had beon a son. Sho was the superior and my cjtiecn. " Then you aro no*, jealous— not disappointed littlo Rachel ? You do not think I havo dono wrong by you ?" my dear father said, drawing me nearer to him. I thouiht ho looked a littlo anxiously into my face, as if ho were troubled nnd wanted ro tssuring. Dear, dtar father! I havo ofton thought stnea that ho was not quite sure of tho Tightness of lisa decision. But it was right, quito right, ..■. ■ . - ; .. "Je-ilous of Guinevere? sorry that you have mado her the head of the family ? No, father, darling,"l 6aiil; "how should I bo 7 Yon have dono only what is right and" wise, and I am glad nnd grateful—very glad that Guinevere is lo hi always thu superior, and very grateful that you havo thought it worth while to speak to* mo about it at nil. And hero I kissed him, and stroked down hia dear huahy beard as I ujed when » little one j hut ho held mo to him very, very close, and hissed me back again with something ao sweet nnd almost sorrowful iv hia manner—and some thing almost liko tears in his eyes. '• I hope 1 havo done right,' 1 ho said, softly ; " but it seems cruel and unjust," he added, as if epeakiug to himself. Mother, howover, saw the things as I did, and epoke to him rather sharply. '' Nonsense, Jerome 1" sho said in her quick way. " How could such a girl as Racliol carry off tho dignity of her position or bear tho weight of heir.-hip ? It would bo ridiculous to make hor equal with Guinevere. Sho has neither manner nnr beauty, neither dignity nor stylo, and no clianco of ever (jetting cither. Guine vere is of course tho head of tho house, and must represent the family when wa have gone. How could it bo otherwise ? Rachel is out of the question. "Ah, well, I suppose it must be so) and littlo Itachel does not mind,'' said my father. "Of coursa not; sho knows better;" returned my mother, always a littlo sharply and as if she were displeased. I fancy they had had a long discussion on the matter, and that sho had at last persuaded my father rtgaiost his original intention of leaving us joint heiresses. " I trust she has too much goad feeling, and too much senso of duty and propriety to ob ject to an arrangement so manifestly proper, so evidently marked out by Providence," sho added impressively ; and I said : "I hope so, too, mother," to confirm her nnd cheer up my father. I was almost sixteen when this was told me Guinevere was just twenty-one. At sixteen a girl is rarely very solicitous about money or the future ; mil 1 did not care for either ono or the other. But if I hnd I should liavo been re joiced all.tho same that my sister should receive by my father's will what she deserved by ri^ht of natural inheritance, and that she should be made the bead of tho house by law as aim .mis our queen by love. Beautiful as she was, the heiress of «uch a lino estate as tin Knoll, nnd wit'i whit my mother prized quite as inuc'i aa her le:iuty— which I had oneo hoard called the " main f.ictor in tho sum of hor chanm " —her perfect stylo— you may be sure that lovers were not wanting to Guinevere. She had as many as l'o:tia, and show.v as difficult to plcaso as her prototype She tuuk exception to every one, and madu ineupcrai'le obstacles out of the most trivial mutters. A man's name, the colour of his hair and the way in which ho wore it, his voico, his hands, his favorite flowers, hia manners, even his sisters his very scarf pin and rings—anything was rea son enough why she should reject him ; till really it eecnicd as if she had vowed hcraelf lo celibacy altogether and did not intend to marry any oce. 3ly mother used to get quite vexed with her ; for Bomo of the-offeis wuroof a kind which did honorevento such a quern amongst womeu as Guinevero ; and, m mother said, thuac good chances do uot coma too often in any girl's life. But Guinevere stood her ground liko some stately flower which shuts itself up if it has been so much as looked sit; always with the same cold rogal bearing lhat she has still; turn ing all ruen's heads ur.d winning all men's hearts, but never losing her own, and making tho disappointed world more do cpcrate ns her coldnrss grew more confirmed. For whom or itliat was she waiting ? Jly mother used to ask her that ouosUod twenty times a week, but Guinevere always answered the sanio thing: "For Prince Charming." Which was all very well, aa mother said, but ■he might have found him before now in tho crowd of suiton who had made her the offer of their bands and hearts, and rent rolls sod ptetN, I Olio day lie seemed In liayo co.iie. At loast I wu all thought so, and it seemed impossible Hut lhat (I linevero ahonUl not think so too. Our neighbour, Morse Herbert, cvuo hum •. Ho had boon a lons linio abroad—ever since hia father's death—but «t list ho c-uno bicik and prepared to live at his b»i;tiful p1 ci. Every one was very tlad, f'>r an emjry lrjiisa like Wilmington Hall makes <» great ditlVrciiCj in a Bimll B-.'C!ety liko our.i ; mid tln'ii Mr. Herbert himself was popular, anl people wcrj pleased to sco him attain, i II» is iKindsomu nun', bu*. in thuso diy.i twenty jann n;w, ho <vas simply m.i^ni fiocnt. lie was as handsome for a man as Giinevoro was for n n-o.n:iu. And that was saying everything. Whtju they btuod aide by aiJo log' ther it uai really grand to «co. them. They looked liko something ono had seen in a dream or a picture—something ideal and beyond ono's ordinary experience. It nas ovidetitly the match fur liuinovcrc. lla wa» rich, of right age, hanlsome, iv every way desirable ; and although his father belonged to the newly rich, Morso hiunvlf win, as yon know Kirn, foiuctliiug moro tlia;i an every-diy gentleman. Ho was a Biyard. Smm the neighbourhood settled it all to its own satisfaction and gave thesi). two to each other, according to tho law of manifest litmus and destiny as they said. And soon, of course, lie fell in bvo with her. Who could help it ? They nil did. Belles, i theoo two vrcro littcl to each other. I No ;do not elnke your head Tuey ir.ro in those days ; if only aho could havii seen it, and niado iicrseif soft and plastic! It seemed as if nature, had betrothed thorn, and some malign inDucnco interfered to prevent the thing from going rijjht. Fur in spite of all Morao Herbert's hnndsomc looks and Pino estate, in spito of all his noblo mtiiro and fer vent love, Guinevere would have nothing to siy I to him. When lie mado the inovitablo odor sho refused him, just as sho had rcfus> d others; and all that could bo got out of her, when my father and mother remonstrated with her was, — " 110 is nil very well, bat ho is not Prince Charming." I remember my father turning sway in » rage when she said this in her quiet, sarcastic way. lie was sp seldom angry, dear, good, father, that it made a great impression on me. '■The girl is crazed with vanity," 1 heard him say in a low voico. "Sho does not know what aho wants, and nomo day sho will nnko a tre mendous mistake, and then nho will come to her senses when it is too lito. Tiiat will be her punishment." 1 was standiug near him nt tho time when he said this—so near that ho knew that I mu3t have heard him. It went to my heart to hear him blamo Guinevere. To me she was sa grand and beautiful—so free from fault—and so was ho. I could not bear to see llio smallest misunder standing between them, so I took his hand and kissed it, and said to him lovingly,— " You would not have her marry him if *ho does not love him, dearest father, would you 1 That would not bo right." " "No, my Rachel," he answered kindly. " But it argues somo kind of moral perversity that sh i docs notlovo him. . No one else in the field and she ought to lovo him. If sho were a good girl she would." . ... "No. no, there is nothing morally wrong about Guinevere!" I said. "She is fastidious, if you like, and seems unable to be won by any man, but she is good and true and noble, and she is not to be blamed because sho will not marry ovon such n man as Morso Herbert if sho does not really love him." " I remember now liotr my dcir f itlior looVe-i at me when I slid this ; and how ho drew me near to him, .-and BMtl i _vritli_his ,»eweot smile,"—" " '■"■■. -■—-'-— "I ought to bo a proud father! I have a queen for one daughter, nnd an angel for another I If that docs uot content a mau, what should'?" ■ .: . But really, though it made mo divinely happy to bo praised by him, I did not Boa why ho should call me an angel because I defended my beloved sister, who had always been like some kind of goodness or superior being to me! This matter of Morse Herbert's, howeivr. did not rest here, fur that uveiiin^ my father and mother had a long talk with Guinevere, to which I was not admitted, but which ended by Guinevere consenting to something unpleasant. For-she said to me at night, when I went to read her to sleep, as I always did,— •' You are very happy, little Richol. not to be the eldest of the family, and the grand matri monial investment. Huirship and (Uoenship, though all very well, have at times their dis advantages ; and it may be better to ba » humble littlo daisy than a crown imperial lily, as you sometimes call mo I" Sho did not speak with feeling or with temper, or na if slie were sorry or annoyed ; jus: with that littlo disdainful curl of her I ci itiful lipj which was habitual with her when thing* went cro>s; and of couno I did not dare to ask her more than she choio to toll. Wo wcra always so much more l'ke queen and sub ject than like daughters of the name father and mother, that I never presumed to take liberties with her—nor with my mother. Jly father and I were the friends ; but with my mother and Guinovero, though 1 adored them both— especially Guinevere, I wns always on the lower plane, and of boih—l confess it candidly—l was a littlo afraid. Tlienex*. day—l do not know why, but I be lieve that my mother wroto to him—Morse Herbert came over to tho Knoll, about half an hour befure luncheon. He was with Guinevere alone in the drawing room for some time, and brought her into luncheotidtm his arm. I re member how deadly pale she was, and how Hushed and triumphant, yet ill at ease, ho looked. And 1 remember he trembled like a girl when lie shook hands with me and said iv a vjice that was scarcely like his own,— ." You must congratulate me, R.ichel, lam going to be your brother, and mirry Guino vorc." S'> then, he and my sister *ere engaged ! Tho prii«d and stately swan was at,last timed ; the dower had «! last opened to the sun ! But for what means ? Not ordinary onfi, for the on uagument wns not like those one reads of or fancies for one* self when one is young ; and for the first and only time in my lito I wat in clined to bo hard on Guinevere. Sho was so cold tv him, so disdainful. At her best aho was only placidly indifferent, at her worst sho was actively sarcastic, and seemed to taku a cruel pleasure in. wounding him. And I thought that as slio had accepted him, tho ought to have be haved with more consideration. 1 used to wonder how ho boro it, such a liigh-spiritcd man in all other things'as he was But he was so desperately iv lovo with her in those days, ho would have borne any thin?, only for the delight of sitting by her and looking at her and calling her his. And her very coldness made him moro desperate, as it had made so many others. It was something to battle against—something to struggle with and over come ; a kind of challenge flung down to the men who cared for her, which they accepted as Atalanla's lovers accepted hen. Atalanti defied those who loved and would win her to surpass her iv swiftness, and Guinevere defied tlioso who loved and would win her to break down her statuesque coldness and make her n warm and living woman. Evidently Morse Herbert had not as vet bren her real conqueror, her truoP.iglna'iuti. He had won her promiso, hut he had not curried her heart, and she was still untouched. . I was furry for hi'ii and ho know it. with out being a traitress to my darling, my qm-cn. I could not help pitying this handsome, manly fellow whom die treated so badly, so that nt the last he got into tho hibit of coming to mo for comfort, as he said ; fur if I were not the rose, I lived near it; if I wcro not Guiiievcro I was her sister. And when aho would not let him talk, to her of his lovo for her, he coulU come »nd talk to mo ; nnd ho kntnv that 1 was » patient litteuer, for lhat 1 loved her too wall myself not to like to hear ugtker pniM h«r. Bull, I wkbid ttot *• I could havo loved him tnoro th»n the cridentlj did; or even if she did not lore him, that sho would have treated him better. I, lileo Mnrae himself, trimod to time, lih own Wo, and tho inrlissolubility of mar riage wliou once tlioy were united, tv bring: it nil riuht. Her common seine then would como into play, nnd her dignity tou, and ahe would surely accept wi:h a <:<>od grace a conditiun of things of I wh:c'.i a bad one woulil not rid her. i iSn wo talked to each other, always skirting round, but never coining to, the full nd^iasiun of Guinevere's want of lovo fur him, t doing my best to givti him hope nnd courage, till he got «t last to .really luvo mo liko his sister, and to mean it when ho called mo his comforter and hit giio.l angel. This wm now the early summer, and tha marriage was to tako placo in tho autumn. Moanwhilo we all went to Scotland ; and Morso Herbert, as Guine vere's yfjiice, went too. She would rather ho had nut been with us. She had none of that girlish, silly pride, which likes to parado a "conquest"—more especially ono in which her oku heart was not engaged. And, so fsr from nnkins this joint ■stay a pleasure to pvjr Motgo, shctiirnei it into a tortur*, and really niado him v ry, very unhappy. She was too well bred to be rude or to flaut him openly. Sim wis always noble, liko herself ; but sho w,i3cild?r than ico ; harder than stono ; more and more statuesque and indifferont as the days went 0:1; aa if she wanted 10 duchargo her r.in?o:.'iicJ of ail suspicion of deception, eu that M'irac should knmr, if he married her, ho was marry. 115 only half of her—and that tho half wanting was that of her heart. But 110 bore it with tha wonderful hopo and patience of a strong man's lore. She ahowod him uo nn»ry aversion, remember; only old ncs3, without warmth for any ona else ; and ho always believed that this was constitutional re serve, and that somo day ha should warm her into the life and know-lodge of love. The Glenbairons, at whoso house wo wore staying, were nico people. Mr. nnd Mrs. Glenbarrou, and tln-ir daughter Adeline, were c'iiirinin£, but I did not like Dui aUl, tha eldest son. Tho second, Mackenzie, was much better ; in fact, he was as nico aa his jiarent* and Adeline. Dut Donald was ono of those fjat di;sipntcd men, who are only cads with a correct ncccnt and perfect taste in dress. Ho was a 111111 who always looked as if ho had been up all night—very palo, as thin as a grasshopper, and with thoso red eyelids and odd smeared kind of mouth which nukes you think uf drinking, ai if thoy had been reddened by the loos of wine. lio made mo fed that ho was living on tho brink uf a precipice -ns it frmn day to day his character and honor wore unsafe, a'ld miaht at any moment bo dMtroyu-1 by some terrible dis closure. ' I know ho made hi.i father and mother very anxious, and Adeline, wiiu was geutlcncsi in person, was sometimes savero upon him. 111 fact, he was a horror; but, puor wretch! ho had some good points in him, as you will see. Ho had brought down to the castlo with him a Hungarian I'rinco with an unpronounceable ntino. I never could pronounce it, and Ido not know how it was spelt; but as he was always called Prince, it does not much signify what his name really was. Ho wa3 a great-friend of Donald's, and, per haps partly 011 that nc3 u?it, I took a violent hatred to him from tho be^inuinj. Dj not laugh and look ai if 1 am uuab'o to tako a vio lent hatred to any one. We quiet litl'.o women are often volcanoes liko the rest, only our tires lay a litt'o deeper than with some, and our explosions are not so frequent. , But if I hated him, I wai tho only person who did—except, perhapa, Adeline. *Aud she did not no entirely detost h*ni as I did. She did not liko him ; and .Mackenzie, too, was in different to him, aj was Morae Herbert. But every ono else praised him to the skies and applauded him to the echo. ' Ho was very, very handsome, that I mu3t confess, neither so tall or so finely built as Morso ; of a slighter, lighter kind altogether, and as dark us Morse was fair. But ho had really an almost perfect faco of its kind, and hu had tliu most graceful manner; you can ima gine. They were as pi-rfect aa his face. Though I did not liko him, 1 cnuld not be blind to tho things which fascinated ot'icra, hi» grace, his beauty, his readiness 10 oblije, his protty way of asking you by his manner to forget that ho was a prince, while iio himself always renumbered it; and then his cleverness. He spuko all tho principal languages, 0110 as well as another, nnd all well. He danced must beautifully, and sang we.i, played tho piano well, and rode and fenced and played billiards, and all that; was v lirst rate shot, and wa3 moat amusing besides. Ho could do all sorts of conjuring tricks as well as any prufesjoil prestidigitator. Ouo day Mr. Glcnbarrun said to him, laugh ing,— *' Well, Princj, if ever you are brought down to the bs.ro boards, you can get your living as a conjuror, tr womo. By George, those trumps 1" "Think «o ?" the prince said with a smile ; but I was surprised 10 so liow ho dualled up, liko a girl, maro than a man ; and though he sinilid, ho did not look pleased. 2^«ver .after did he do any moro conjuring tricks fur us. Mr. Gleiibarri'n had evidently piqued him somehow. When the Prince lirst came ho devoted him self to Adeline. Tuu was perhaps natural, see ing that sho was the daughter of the house and so sweet an 1 pretty in herself ; but she was so decidedly cool to him that he seamed to get tired ot paying her compliments and lookiug into lur eyes. Besides, Donald cvidontly did not lite it ; nor did Mackenzie. Indeed, I overheard Donald Ray to tho priucu, in such a strange voice, oin> ilay, when ihey were ou tho terrace below and I on that above,— " You promised me Karl, by all you hjlJ sacred—if there is anything you hold sacred iv heaven or earth—that you would leavo my sister nluno, and I hold you to your pro mise." They pissed out of hearing, whon Donald had said this, io I did not hoar the Prince's an swer. At all events, after this ho loft Adeline, alone. But he turned to Guinevere, and paid her at much attention as he had piid Adeline in tho bogiuning. I could not understand my inter in thoie days. Slw, so proud and cold to all the world, •o indifferent to her onn afiianoed lover. Moron Herbert, became somehow a transformed being with the prince. Ho could make her tad or merry, enthusiastic or angry, by his anecdotes of things or persons, a* no one elsu had ever been able to do. I have Hceii the tears in her eyes when he tang his plaintive Hungarian Eongs, and ahe never soeiuod tv tire of hia music. Hitherto she had certainly not been more enthusiastic about musio than about anything else; now she would sit in a kind of hushed, rapt way when he playe I, and it waa pathetic to see the way in which ahe came bick to her self, and, as if it were reality, when he had finished. Bhe grew, too, ao much gentler to every one. Gentle i< not quite the right word, for she waa never anything but gentle—sympithetie, aff-c -tiouato rather— and to me especially to ; to every one indeed, save pour Morse Herbert, and to him her former chilling indilft-rcuce changed into something that looked like hate and fear. Ho saw it too. I kiKW that he did, aUlioogli he said nothing to me ; but I aaw it in bis sad, grave, wondering tjroa, in hia compressed lips, iv his forced calmness, and in the flashes of firo that sometimes shot from his eyes when ha looked at tho prince, - • DoualJ, too, was dreadfully*disturbed, lie had .gone down before Gukow*, m all the world did. and ha was aaadly in low withfcsr. B$ katv tUt *• wm mint, w4 tokMv lhere was nuhopufor him. Tn»i ilia nut pro rent him loving her, or wishing that thcro had been hopo. Poor wretch I His lure did him this s°c4— it oponcd his eyes tv his own vilenes;, and nsa'lo him ashamed of tha infamous life he led in fipcret. Yjt even had »'no b-en free, he know that he was unworthy of her, and that it would have been ».icrilc;i« to have matched such a spootlcis lily, such a stately swan, with a thing steeped to the lips iv vice, a mere well-dressed, correctly speaking, rufli in ! What a dreidtul time this was ! Under the smooth «xterior uf a pleasant country party, hen were we all in such turmoil and tumult of doubt and fear and love, and sorrow as niado the whole thing a tiagedy. i I think 1 had ai hard a part (o play as any one. Guinevere Made over Blorte Herbert to mo as if fia hud been a fan or a bonquet to hold. Whenever h* wanted to bo with her sho used to call me on some portcxt, and then glide quietly away and leavo us together. For the most part nlie went off with the prince, a«d naturally Morse could not be ■) mdo as to leave tno nlono. 1 was so sorry f..r Jam! I used to feel that I would have thankftlly hid down, my lifo to have made hint happy. I woiid«rO'l st Guine vcr.Mis much as if she had suddenly changed hy FOIIID supernatural inMucnco, and I hated the prince moro and moro, because uf tho pain that ho had caused my poor friend. And Morse was ao grateful to me! It almost broke my heart to see lion- this tine, uublo fellow clung to mo liecDUso I was Guinevere's sister, and how touched he was by my sympathy. One day ho said, — "Ah, Richrl! if Guinevere had your street nnturo and lovely charac or; and if she only cared for mo 23 much as you do, dear little sister !" "She is f»r better than I »m, Morse," I an swerod ; " and some day she will love yon aa you deserve to be loved." lfelt my faco grow crimson when T said this, and, in spite »f myself, the tears would come ii to my eyes—l do n-t know why—only, perhaps, 1 it pained and shocked me to think that my I sister—my queen, my star, my beloved—should | have fallen so far below her best self as not to lovo this noble fellow, and to give him pain he cause of such a man aa tho princo. We were all out on tho terrace that eveninp, and. aa usual, the three men had clustered around Guinevero—Donald, tho prince, and Mor«e Herbert. It was a kind of triangular duel among them—a trial of skill which should claim her attention, and make himielf the most favored. Morae, with an outburst of pa'sion and pride strangely unlike himself, seemed as if he stood on his rights and intended to make Guinevere respect an-1 acknowledge them. The prince, quiet, subtle, fascinating, offering homage like incense, asked mutely for favor. Donald, feverish, eager, and in some cases insolent, nt lenst io die prince, flung himself, as it were, on tho spears of her scorn, but with a wild, Etrang- air, as if he wished to protect I her—from whom or what ? I A (id all 111 if whi'e she stood as a queen among them, supreme in graco and beauty and unconquerable pride, at least to Morse and D>nald, but all sweetness and almost tenderness to the Prince. Adeline and I, with Mackenzie and one or two others, were at a little distance from them —just a few steps; but I stood where I could hear and ico all. " Uo>v beautifully the moon shines on tho fountain!" said Guinevore, suddenly, looking down the long, daik avenue to where the fountain, at the end, shuno in tho niounlight like some pale softly shrouded ghost. " Vcs, let" me take you to it," said Moras Herbert, eagerly, offeringlhis arm. "Yes; lot us go," said Donald, ranging himself on the other side. Tho prince said nothing, but ho looked at her wich pleading eye«, and oho looked biek at him with answering ones. " Very well, we will go." siiJ Guinevere. Then in her qnio#, queenly way, turning to Morso said : " Morae, bring Rachel. The Princa will take care of me." Slie ignored Donald altogether. Such a strangely rapt, such a wonderful look of love and triumph and delight came on the iace of tho princo as he took her hand and d-ew it on his arm ! He waa playing no part here ! Ho did truly and really love tier. Who, indeed, could help it ? But I saw D maid Glenbirrnn acize hia srra and hold it for a minute, as if in a vice, and I distinctly hrard him say: " Scoundrel, yon shall smart for this !" as he 1 pushed pist him rudely and left the terrice in a raijp. Morse, too, was painfully agitated and I could feel his arm tr.'mble with suppressed passion. But whst cauld he do ? ne was not tho kind of man to make a vulgar brawl, for the favor of any woman. If she preferred another to him eelf, though it broke his heart, he would re spect her choice. He might, being a man, find some occasion to rcvmgo himself on his rival, hut he would not make a scene in the presence of his lady, and he would not found his qmrrel on her tiarno. I did my best to console him, but my best was very, very little. How coull I comole him in h:s terrible position, with all the agany and humiliation that beset it? What were my fullest love and sympathy to him, compared with the want of Guinevere's 2 He seemed pleased, however, by my tendorii ss, and he jiudo my hoirt li^ht for all i» sorrowful hsav ingi for him by tiie uny in which he 6aid, — "My darling little sister, without you I should bo wretched indeed ! You are the only point of light in my present life. Yuu are worth very much to me—you are »cry, very dear." ' " I wish I could make you happy," I I answered, "I would if I could, Ueavn knows." " I know you would," he said; " and so far as you can, you do. For my own self reipect I must not iiiduro this position any longer. It is unendurable, and I should despise my«< If if I did not put au end to it. I muu make Guine vere explain henelf clearly ; aud if sh» cannot loie me—" He stopped, for his voice suddenly broke, aud I faw him rai^e his hand to his throat and loosen tho knot of his necktie. " Tnen we shall lose you again,' I said ; and tears came into my eyes, whether I would or no. " You will never lose me," lie answered, pressing ray hand kindly. "Tv the end nf my life I shall never forget your sweet kindnsM to me in my trouble; and uever cease to lore you as my dear little sister, my sweet child friend." " Thank you," I said. But Iw is not quite a child. I was nrarly eighteen now. Guinevere waa just twenty three. That nicht there was an awful row down stairs amongst the men. I was standin-4 by the open window, for I was too unhappy and be wildered to sleep, aud I heard fint'l)jii»ld and Slora; talking together, then Donald and the prince. I did not hear the whole conversation, of course. I did not listen, and I could not have, heard it nil even if I had listened. Binules I did not wish to hear it. But I did hear Donald say to Horse, — " Leave him to me, Herbert; I will srttl • him better than you cm, I'and I heard him afterward smy to the prince ; "You're a scoundrel—a bitter scoundrel than I thought you, Karl. If you do uot drop it, I will oxpose you, cott what it. i may." I I will not add tha oaths and bad lnngusg. I with which he clenched this eidamatiou. 11 did not hear what the prince said io reply. He had a soft, low voice, nnd always spoke in a rather subdued tone; but Djuald's voice ru harsh and loud and rough, aad be never moderated H, to tlwt it waa easy to brat his answer is> retara, tk»iijtli I could not ostcH • •Ntfostbatfuv.-faaiOanaru*. fCI 