A GHOST IN THE FORETOP. Although I am known by the name of " Lying Rube," I vouch for the truth of the following yarn, only begging landsmen to re- member that truth is often stranger than fiction. In the year 1861 sailed from Liverpool in the Witching Syren for San Francisco with a general cargo. I don't know that the crew on this occasion differed much from the usual crew of the Syren ; but there was certainly one man who differed very much from all the mess- mates we ever had. This was " Woeful Bill" —at least, we called him by that name—his real name on the ship's roll was William Spikey. He always looked struck-of-a-heapish like ; wouldn't associate with any of us ; and was constantly pacing the darkest, part of the ship, muttering and arguing some point with himself. This we didn't care for, and I was chosen to what you landsmen call " interview" him, and get to know what the deuce was the matter with him. We rather pitied him than other- wise, beeause we thought he was suffering from some terrible misfortune. Well, one night I drew alongside Bill, who was just then in a very lively argument with himself. I began by asking him what cargo he had in his mind, where he was bound for, etc. It was a dark night, with a pretty stiff 'un blowing. After I had bothered him a good bit without getting any reply, he suddenly stopped short and hissed in my port earhole—" I'm a murderer !" Every hair stood on my head as stiff as a marlin' spike, and every one of my old timbers shivered ; but after getting breath a bit I began to talk to him. The upshot was this : On his last voyage he had pushed a mate over- board during a storm. Why did he do it ? The man and Bill had fought a day or two before, and the mate had given Woeful Bill a good thrashing ; that's all. I reported to my comrades, keeping secret, out of pity for Woeful Bill, the fact that he had " intentionally" pushed the man over- board. " Well, we soon all forgot this little incident, for the weather began to be stiffish directly we got into blue water, and we had quite enough to do without thinking about Woeful Bill. Nick Benson came to us one night, looking skeered, and told us he had heard an unearthly voice from the foretop shouting, " Look out, below !" We all laughed at Nick, and the matter dropped for a day or two, though, dash me if I could get it out of my head ; and I noticed the others gave the foremast as wide a berth as possible after nightfall. Nick Benson came to us again one night just after eight bells (midnight), and told us the same yarn. This time he looked properly struck of a heap. We had a regular confabula- tion about it, and we all agreed to assemble next sight at eight bells round the foremast. Just as the eighth bell sounded, by the living Jingo ! a weird voice cried out— " Look out, below !" It wasn't a whisper, either. Every man's hair rose straight up, except the bosun's, who was baldheaded, you know. Meantime, the skipper must have been giving orders, for down he comes from the poop in a devil of a tantrum, using any amount of bad language. The bosun explained matters, and the skipper called us a pack of demented jackasses. It's not nice to be rated a jackass, but a demented jackass was too bad, and I'm afraid we used some bad lan- guage about it. The same thing took place every night, till we all felt quite besniggered. As sure as eight bells went, the strange voice would shout from the foretop— " Look out, below !" Every man Jack refused to go aloft. The skipper called the bosun, and says he— " Bosun, you've sailed with me above a voy- age or two. Now, what do you call this ?" (meaning the refusal of the men to go aloft). "I calls it a ghost, sir," said the bosun. " Ghost be hanged, sir ; I call it mutiny on the high seas !" roared the skipper. " But I'll settle this thing ; bosun, to-morrow night muster all hands at the foremast before eight bells—all hands, mind." Accordingly, just before eight the next night we had all mustered at the foremast. The skipper and first officer had loaded revolvers. The ship's roll was called, and every one answered except the man at the wheel. Just as the eight bells began to sound, I saw the skipper and first officer raise their barking irons to cover the foretop ; but the strange voice, more energetic than ever, cried out : " Look out below !" It was a caution. The ghost was evidently getting rather vexed. Our knees simply knocked together like so many weaving machines. The skipper then roared out: " Let go !" And down upon the deck, with a tremendous crash from the foretop, dropped a long iron bound box or locker. Indeed, Nick Benson says to this day it was a coffin. As soon as the box touched the deck its lid flew open, shoving that it was empty. Now, I had seen the skipper when our ship was breaking under us on a reef of rocks, but he never quailed ; but when this box came down he just looked a bit skeered, but only for a minute. He said : " Now, men, this box has evidently come for a cargo. There's some skunk aboard the Witching Syren. I'll get in and see if it's for me." So saying, he got in. Then the first officer got in, and so on until every man jack had been in the box. " Bosun, who's at the wheel ?" " Woeful Bill, sir." " Relieve him, and fetch him here." As soon as Woeful Bill saw the box, and the skipper told him to get in, he drew his knife and put himself in fighting attitude, threatening to do for anybody who came near him ; but the skipper kept quite cool. Covering Woeful Bill with his revolver, he said : " I am commander of this ship. I will give you three minutes' grace ; if you don't get into that box, which we have all been in, I'll shoot you dead as a rattan." Woeful Bill paused a bit, and then seemed reckless; he got into the box in a jiffey. As soon as he was inside, the lid of the box came down with such a crash that we thought every timber in the thip was shivered. As true as I live, Father Neptune boarded us at that moment, seized the box by the handle with one hand, and jumped overboard with it. We never saw Woeful Bill again. 