CRUMBS. HnnBhine and rain. Dressing up the monkey. " Let Glasgow Flourish!" Playford homeward bound. Grace Darling off to Western Australia. Free water to the indigent at Broken HiU. Russia removing some of her export duties. Baby-farmingin Melbourne-a shookingcase. Jenkic Coles is not going to vacate the Chair jet. Two Premiers discussing the kanaka ques tion. Fine rain at Cawker's Well and at Weinte f^euro has taken a back seat in the South East. The genial Doctor will have to wait a little while. Another Parliamentary party to the Far North. The Bishop's pastorals are always inte resting. The ladie had a good time at their ainusl meeting. Parliamentary picnickers going on their way rejoicing. Czar again escaped. Now retiring to his iron Bafe. Mr. W. V. Smith says farming is more honest than law. Duke and JDuohesa o! Abercorn propose to visit Australia. Mr. Seppelb has been reporting on fruit growing at Clare. Lyle now wants Deeming's execution post poned for a week. Australian brandy won't pay to export. So says an authority. Crumbman's ad\ Ice to Corporations anxious to borrow-Don't, Bolder having another talk about our pastoral industry. Deeming's spiritual adviser and solicitor don't hit it at all k The Mingary water supply has given out. More water trains. Dynamite cartridges are being constftitly discovered at Liege. Perhaps if there were more fishshops there would be more fishes. Cattle in outside districts have been dying of asthenic apoplexy. A few more days and, thank goodness, no more about Deeming. The babes in the bush-the Parliamentary party in the Far North. A Sydney oondemned criminal to be exa mined as to his sanity. Per3ia prefers to borrow from England than be beholaen to Russia. "Infant"Kathleen and her £70,000 cannot be exported from Victoria. Mr. Edmund Parsons was 81 years o? age, and was a colonist of 1836. An old bushranger seemed quite proud of his exploits in the old days. The Victorian Btock tax will seriously attest South-Eastern stock-raisers. Church militant Scott and Devil's Own Lyle at war over Deeming's soul. Deeming wants his brains examined. He won't be satisfied till it iB done. In the other colonies the people are taken into confidence, but not so here. New Zealand Government granted a Maori King an annual pension of £225. A mistake for the Bishop to rake up that row about the late Duke of Clarence. Grand Old Man says protection and mili tarism are the enemies of liberty. Launceston having been successful with her T iw, Hobart wants to follow suit. It would cost £2,000 a year to give the H< ipital employes the eight hours. Considine and Cawsey each awarded £25 for their share in the Deeming business. There are only fifteen after the "historio forty pieces of silver" in Deeming's case. A visit with a view of inspecting an irriga tion site interfered with by a tall of rain. Before Playford gets back to his home in the hills his name in England will be legion. _ M. Tricoupis is likely to be in power again in spite of the recent attempt to impeaob him. "Black Douglas," one of the old bush rangers, has just died at the Bendigo Hos pital. A trout weighing, when put in trim for the table, 3 lb., has been caught in the Onkapa ringa. The Hospital nurses are not going to have the eight hours system-costs too much, you know. We don't welcome suoh visitors from Mel bourne as are occasionally brought before Mr. Pater. A correspondent says that opportunity to .work at Happy Valley, like kissing, goes by favour. Amongst all those most interested in the Windsor affair Deeming seems to be the most collected. The reward of £100 for the capture of the Windsor murderer haB been divided amongst the anxious ones. The new parade ground will be at the back of Government House. How will Tommy Atkins like that? Premier Playford has gained fame all over England through misrepresentation on the part of an interviewer. An important will Buit in the Victorian Courts. A second family got the lion's share, and the first family objects. Mr. Gladstone has written that he is not opposed to £1 notes on principle. So say all of us if there be plenty of them. The prisoner Barnes has had Bome more charges of forgery made against him, and on each he was committed for trial. Mr. Millar's prize to the Royal Vaoht Squadron to be called "The Australian Cup." That's the Prince of Wales' idea. Two young blondes began the day with all the assurance they could gather, but the evening brought their humiliation. A Sydney quack got his deserts at last. Has been practising with a worthless diploma, which is now ignored in Full Court. Teaoher-Name some of the most important things existing to-day which were unknown one hnndred years ago. Tommy-Us!' A libel on the boy who stopped the bolting milk horse. They said he was a schoolboy. Why, bless you, he was a telegraph boy. Last month strawberries were selling in London at about ljd. a piece. They were larger than a pea, but not so big as a bean. _ Mr. Dakin, the Secretary, of the Marine Officers' Association, has gone to Sydney to put life into the New South Wales Branch. Why is it those who deny the manifestation of spiritual phenomena, yet believe in the view distance lends enchantment to? Cynic asks. Apparently more of fiction than foot about the salubrity of thiB climate when servants have to be superannuated at sixty, says Cynic. "If only the gospel bad not reached my village how I would, have enjoyed a feast off you"- so much for New Hebrides Mission work. When buying mushrooms, it is as well casually to remark you would like a few umbrellas and not all parasol sticks. Pessimist hints. Cremation has lost another powerful advo cate in the death of Lord Bramwell, who has left directions for his body to be cremated at Woking. One lady remarked that "we allow our children and our husbands too much liberty," Oh. what will it be when we have women's rights? " If we were allowed to trade in cobra, and had a market for it, we could make our mission self-supporting"-so saya Missionary Mrs. Watt. A New Zealand prophet, who said the world would be destroyed on April 11,1901, would not promise to give a'transfer of his property on that date. F. W. Hoddon, the Editor of the Argut, and President of the Victorian Poultry and Dog Society, was banquetted by the Society on Saturday night. The ambassador who came to beg for St. Patrick's Church at Borne, takes his return ticket; Australia's faithful have a local UBB for all the spare coin. From the increasing demands made by all conditions of men and women, our Legislature looks to Cynio as likely soon to beoomea domestic institution. Now that we are able to boast of trout in South Australian waters, sportsmen should catch them honestly by the fly-it is too bad to use a common bait. American arbitrators appointed in connec tion with the Behring Sea affair. When will the arbitration begin, or when will it end? Echo answers "When?" Most people, having to curtail their expen diture, try to cut down their necessary ex penses in lieu of lopping off the unnecessary ones, suggests Pessimist. Miller, who called himself " Lord Leaming ton," and who illegally married a well-known operatic lady, hadn't the pluck to receive his sentence bravely, but fainted. It isn't till about sixty tbat most people think of putting by sometningfor a rainy day, buttCynic argues that according to Victorian regulations they ought to be dead. If a Yankee Mayor had been presented with a shooting-iron, some outsiders would have suggested tbat it was to keep order in the Council-eh, Gawler Corporation ? ''The Church is takingcounsel with Demos, and one proof of that is the fact that special efforts are being made this year to extend the auditory for the Bishop's pastoral." " The interviewer apparently devised apiece of mosaic work, ingeniously joined together, but Mr. Playford says it w;as very defective as far as truthfulness was concerned." Modest Sir Graham Berry at the Mayor's quarterly lunoheon in Melbourne: - "Even within the short period since his return a change had takenplace for the better." Some skating rinks are just as dangerous as the ice. They both break sometimes. The floor of an upper storey rink at Buenos Ayres came down, and thirty people were killed. MissSpence is glad that South Australia is the happy hunting ground of faddists, when suoh reforms as the Real Property Aot are instituted here and envied all over the world. There was a time when female suffrage weald have been regarded with as much derision as the appearance of the ghost of Mr. Diok's dead dad will be viewed by some of us, writes Cynic. Where is Inspector Shakespeare, that furious driving is permitted in the city ? Not longagoan elderly gentleman was Itnooked over, and quite recently two ladies had a very narrow escape. Miss Spence, when speaking of effective voting, said-" If this last crowning reform is initiated here, I for my_ part will consider that the work I was sent in the world to do is done." "A pleasant sign of the times are flowing eulogies of that great Roman Catholic, Car dinal Manning and that eminent Baptist, Mr. Spurgeon, in one of the strongholds of the Episcopacy." A correspondent thinks that if the Uraidla goldfield was 1,000 miles away a company would be formeid to work them. To para Ehrasethe proverb-A goldfield is not without onour save in its own country. " If the good Bishop had witnessed' the anti State-aid agitation in Adelaide in the days of his predecessor he would be able to understand the reason for an ebullition of feeling which now puzzles him." "It is a matter of sentiment, but the in ference that people living in this southern con tinent are merely sojourners and exiles thou sands of miles away from their 'home' is neither just nor complimentary." When, with the aid of female suffrage, the coming Democracy is fairly on his feet, women will be deprived, Cynic thinks, of their poli tical privilege, ousted from their business posi tions, and sent back to the kitchen. What idiots some people are. They pub Ealt, Bugar, and ground glass into their horses' eves to cure a disease. If they had exeroised tbat which they are pleased to call a brain how much more comfortable for the horae. " Whilst we wish to be considered Anglo Australians rather than only Australians, we hope to see the day wherein people resident in these bright and prosperous landB will call England England, and Australia 'home.'" "Mr. Ash's facts were nearly all correct, and his statistics fairly reliable; but his in ferences were fallacious and misleading, and his impressions were, logically speaking, vicious"-that's what Mr. J. N. Birks says. The following question was asked in a junior class of a State School:-"If I can walk a certain distanoe in 114 days, when I rest five hours each day, how long will it take me to walk twice as far, if I walk twice as fast, and reBt twice as long each day ?" One day in March last (Bays the London Daily Graphic as a proof of the ex- Prime Minister's activity) Mr. Gladstone might have been seen, not walking hastily, but actually running through the House of Commons Lobby, and along one of tbe corri dors ! In Belford's Monthly for February there is a "Working Man's Creed," by a working man, which opens with tUe following verse: I believe, first of all, in three square meals a day, And a good honest ivnvk for the same sort of pay. I believe in my neighbour, my children, my wife, And in all those who help me to live oat my life. "Satan IB only a jocularsardoniogentleman, who dwells in a region of sulphur and tin fdates, with a large contingent) of departed awyers to draw the deeds of SOUIB ; heaven a high locality with bell for its nadir; holy watar the essence of salvation; and the chant ing of masses the autotype of the eternal song of ' Moses and the Lamb.' "-That's a little bit of W. Bollen. At West Hartlepool, on April 5, an extra ordinary demonstration took place of domeBtia servants, who demand shorter hours and a weekly half - holiday. The young women marched through the streets attired in neat dresses, and carrying emblems of their calling, such as copper-sticks, flat-irons, coal-scuttles, Ecrubbing-brushes, clothes-props, &c.; The turnout created much excitement and amuse ment. It is proposed to form a Servants' Union. How little is known of Australia in the old country. By the last mail from England a resident in Adelaide received from a friend in London a copy of Llogdt' Wceldy, together with an accompanying letter informing the recipient that it contained some "news from Australia which might be of interest to him." I The news referred to was the capture of a man j named Deeming-the Windsor murderer, It is to be hoped that the paper and le'.ter will be duly and gratefully acknowledged. OBITS.-"Mow's the day and BOW'S the hour." Yes; it is exactly 200 years ago this very day that Elias Ashmole, the eminent antiquarian, was relieved of " the burden of the flesh." "Ashes to ashes, dust to dust." Dost thou remember Ashmole s earthly career. He first adopted the legal profession, baton the breaking out of the rebellion which cul minated in the execution of "King Charles, the martyr," he-E.A., not E.S.-entered Brasenose College, Oxford. After that he settled in London, when his ardent love of soience prompted him to join the Society of Astrologers. Then came the Restoration and with it the appointment of Ashmole as Wind sor Herald. He was aleooceof the firsfcmombera of the Royal {Society. In 1672he presented his " History of the Order of the Garter" to the King, who rewarded him with £400. In 1683 he presented to the Oxford University his priceless library, manuscripts, coins, and curios, and " there they are unto this day." Several of his works were published posthu mously including his autobiography. OBITS.-Died May 16, 1725, Paul de Rapin de Thoyras, aged 64. Now, my dear boy, I will tell you all about him in a few words. He was born in the south of France. He was a descendant of a Protestant family of Savoy, and studied at the Protestant Cojlege of Saumur. He passed as an advocate, but was compelled to leave his native country on the re vocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685. He ac cordingly became a refugee in England, and hen in Holland. In 1688 he aooompanied William, Prince of Orange, to England as a volunteer, and obtained a military command in Ireland, but, being wounded at the siege of Limerick, he sold his commission and became tutor to the Earl of Portland's son, whom he accompanied on hiB travels. But while in England he found time to "make diligent search" into the annals of the past, and to write his voluminous History of England, which he published at the Hague in 1711, and which was translated into English by Nicholas Tiudal. So U O what a lot of work one man may get through in this bustling, breathing world. OBITS.-On the morning of May 13,1G19, a noble patriot waB .decapitated at The Hague, apparently for no other reason than that he was a staunch religionist. He had performed many important uses and filled many respon sible offices of State. He had distinguished himself as a soldier, an ambassador, and a statesman; but he was guilty of the unpardon able sin of espousing the oause of the Arme nians, and sowing the seeds of that sect right and left, contrary to the commands of ais superior officer, the famous Maurioe, Prince of Orange, Somebody says, " Men will fight fcr their religion, die for their religion, do anything for their religion except live according to ita precepts." Maurice was a GomaviBt (Calvanist), and of course Barneveldt was arrested on the ndiculous charge of plot ting against the State. There was no evidence of his guilt, but he was tried, oonvicted, and beheaded. One of bis French biographers says that "Maurice declared qu'il accorderait son pardon si la famille de Barneveldt le de mandait mais elie refusa defaire uned£marohe qui infererait la culpability de lour venerable FAX.-That voracious chap who went to Eaton Almshouse was not the biggest glutton in the world, for he was only 5 feet 2 inches in height. Besides, he only bolted the door, and threw up the window. But, according to a French statistician, taking the mean of many accounts, a human in fifty years sleeps 6,000 days, works 6,500 days, walks 100,000 miles in 800 days, amuses himself 4,000 days, is ill 500 days, and is engaged in eating 1,500 days-each day nonsisting of twenty-four hours. And in the same time the average man eats 17,000 lb. of bread, 16,000 lb. meat, 4,600 lb. of vegetables, eggs, ana fish, and drinks 7,000 gallons of,liquids. Can you swallow that? I can't. But another authority says that the Amerioansarethe greatest gormandisers in thw "universal airth." Then follow in order the English, Germans, Asiatics, French, Spanish, Portuguese, and Italians. Moral-Do not live to eat, but eat to live. FAX.-You know I told you two or three days ago that our Historical Crumbman has treasured up bits of fax about slavery. Now, then, "list, list, oh list." In "merry old Eng land" the peasantry in Saxon and Norman times were sold wholesale and retail. Their children in particular, who, after they were knocked up by forced marches, were knocked dona to the highest bidder in the Bristol market for exportation. What business had the peasantry who were not in business to have children at all? List again. A law was passed in the reign of Henry VI. that a runaway or any one who neglected his WGrk for three days should be brought before two J.P.'s, and branded on the bare breast with a hot iron with the letter V, and sold into slavery for two years. And the buyer was to feed his property with the plainest fodder, and make him work by beating, chain ing, or otherwise. And if within the two years he absented himself for fourteen days he was to be branded on the forehead or cheek by a bot iron with the letter S, and be his master's slave for ever and ever. Amen. What right had he to steal his master's law ful property that he had bought and paid for? Oh! the fugitive. Oh! the vagabond. FAX.-A few "more last words" about slavery. You remember that Cowper says " Slaves cannot breathe in England; if their lungs Beceive our air, that moment they are free; They toach our island and their shackles fall." That was written sixty years before the Act of Parliament was passed abolishing slavery throughout the British colonies by which 770,000 slaves were set free at a cost of £20,000,000! Yes, and this is Cowper's authority for what he wrote. In 1772 a poor slave, on account of sicknc3s, was taken to England by his owner and kindly turned adrift to fodder on his own account. But by the interposition of the bene volent Greville Sharpe the abandoned African was cared for and restored to health. Then the avaricious and unfeeling master claimed his property that he had bought and paid for. But the claim was resisted. A lawsuit fol lowed. The case was tried before the King's Bench, and in the end twelve Judges declared it to be the law of the land that when a .slave sets foot upon English ground he is a free man. Ami Cowper sings: That's noble, and bespeaks a nation Jealous of the blessing" 