Who Wrote Shakespeare V A-- EaiiV nv Vox Silllahum. Ajiout eight years ago a small work was published in England entitled 'A New Study of Sh.ikespeure.' It was a most rcmarkahlo ljnok .mil was looked upon by scholars as certainly the most noteworthy jiud the wont valuable contribution t*i our Slmkespuarian litcnture, and as explaining pieces given to the world by Shakespearr. Shakuspiilirc was. quite a modern stage player. He h;.k bum at Stratford upon Avon, was married there, and had children there. It was knowu that be used tu go up to londim and acf during the theatre season, return home a^aiu for awilo, and go up agHtt. sfi tho seasons came round. Very little is really km.vvn of him, and il has often bfcen remarked that tio one seems 10 have known wlietln-r he was a schr-lar or not, capable of wriring such wonderful aud marvellous things as tire given to us uwder his name. Not a word, not a hint is even ^iveu that ho ivus born fl genius, wrts ever at a sehool, or bad acef'sa to the works bo often quoted. Hallam confesses his dis appointment at being unable to describe his attainments or his character. Rowe wrote from Betterton's information, who was an actor -it the last century, and who liovi'r saw Shakespeare. From v.'liat can be gathered up at Str.itf.irf, nearly 200 years after bis death, seoms to be more tra dition of a wild life, a deal of conrtahip and We offitim, varied with ]Kiaehing and deer stealing. There is nothing to show research or study. There is nothing to show that he could read Lutin ; or that any of his London actor friends had books, or fertility of mind, or resources ; that any of them could com mand, to gather therefrom, the plots aud scenes so skilfully worked up iu some of the plays produced. The young man that could puscli and drink the same as Shake speare ia credited with (was not likely to be a recluse) a scholar, or a diviner of the wolks of the classical bygone sages. Then, to start with, as the lawyers say, there is a strung prima-facia caso mndu -Jut that acitni'hudy else waB the author, and that author it is submitted must be shown to be a wonderfully learned man, a scholar of deep resoarch, a philosopher of the highest rnnge in human nature, and a genius of un doubted moral intuition. It must also be shown, that this person was contemporary with our Shakesjieare, that he had seen him and Ilia company play, that there were avenues open by which communication could be made, and that there must have been some secret tu keep, in.d that the outer world were not to know who had concocted I the plays., What the reasons were for secrecy can only be. inferred by implication and inferences known very well te be in existence at thu time the writer and the aotor lived. Shakespeare, Droyton, -and Ben Johnson werexlosc companions during | the latter part --f tho time— from 1S64 to 1(510. They used to drink together at their . cjups 111 jLiouaon ; ijiicon Knew tne-ui. Iu the latter years of Queen Elizabeth's reign, about the year 1000, a. stir vrus made- j ill England by a Society of about thirty-sis j notable persons, win* called themselves ! 'ttosicrucians.'or membeis of the 'Rosy Cruss.' Tho Society was a Secret Society, aud had all the secret symbology of the. Freemasons us they have now. They claimed their mysteries through Enoch, the I Patriarchs, Moses, aud Solomon. This j Society had Eneon. Sir. Philip Sidney, and other notables iu it. It had Gei irgo Withers, Beaumont, Fletcher, and Shakespeare in it. Tho Sucicty once met at Warrington. In the Ashmole8.il Museum at Oxford is Elks Ashmoles diary of one of these meetings. It is further known that all these poople claimed exemption from Afasonry, were Roaicrucinus, smd asserted that they were gi'ingto carry out an idea of Lord Bacon's, as promulgated in his .New Atlantis ; that their object was to have a perfect society, interpret nature, produce new arts, and marvellous inventions for the benefit of mankind, under the name ut Sololnon's House. They had two pillars—the chequered lavement and Ihn ladder of seven staves. The murder of Charles I. was the Kurum. Cnder eucli circumstances it was necessary tu act secretly, and to writa secretly if the overthrow of Popery was the object. That tho real meaning of the plays were not understood, but highly appreciated, ia sliowu by Queen JSlizabutd beinft highly ploased with the character of 'Falstaff,' when ah(3 desired Shakespeare tu improve the situation and show Sir John in love. It is not said, however, if the Queen ever realised that all her lovers acted vpry much the same as Sir John did, aud Elizabeth herself was just as erratic. A prophecy of Paracelsus— ' Ood will perujjtiidiscovery, otu..,' tmd the cottfessioti of the Rosicruciaus— seem to point to Shake spear'j as being tlie menus to discover to the vtorld tho great truths of Ruhirth, Re incarnation, and Regeneration. And this is the whole gist of Shakespeare when lightly understood. 'Tlie Tempest.' Here is the island of souls or spirits. The mysteries of Virgils ,-KnciH, Avalon find Atlnutis identical. Spirit predominant. These, our actors, ' As 1 foretold you, were all spirits, and Are melted into thin air; into thin air: And, like the baseless fabric of this vision, etc., etc.. It will well repay the reader to go over the phiy with this as the koy. ' Venusund Adonis.' Tlie story of .the Rose and.' the, Cross. Adonis, the bun, the ?Creator. '' . ... ?. ' AH'b well that ends well.'— A story of love aud.Hate. 'Honouo and Juliet'— A play in which Love is brossod by family Hnte. There nre hermetic and masonic origins in tho plays. Rosalind is Diana, the virgin of the world. The Widow Dido .— lliram, the widow's son, Sent tu King Solomou, The great keystone ; On it appears the name, Which raises high the (nine Of all, to whom the same Is truly known. ' The Merchant of Venice'— niunnic. A symliul of all tho n/ystericB. Three cnsijuats, light, faith, brotherly love, of Antonia. Light nnd jud^jjient. ' The Winter's Tale,'— The story of Dc uiecor and her lost chi.'u Persephone. Separation and reconciliation. The spiritual side is the promise of re-birth, revchilion, aud immorality. A personin'ed talo of thu enrth life. The loss of- Proserpine and her restoration, the history of spring, summer, j autumn, and niutur, through which the ottrth-life wa-:t« and wanes as fliroUtcypes of life and dentil. ' A Midsummer Nights Dream.' Life is a dream, aud our life a sleep. Man in re lation to nature- 1 he ns». The plai.,nir ' neluni and the lurmetic H.-nmu. 'Hamlet' ii asecrelhitat Romonisni in Bacon's tl.,ys- Lull, the Rack, and Wind lass. Thu 'father's ghost tells him the 'f»ll iiijC'B' I here itns ; tiiat -truth ' had boon supplanted by ? falsi-lxuxi.' The, atory of his death, the Queen, the Church of Rome. Tbe church gcta nlnrmcd. Hainlot, sciences must be mailo out mad. Polonius says that he lias a daughter who bus got a letter from U:nnlet. which says to Ophelia Doubt thou the Stars are fire , Doubt that the Sun doth move, Doubt Truth to be a Liar, But never flouLi, I luvc' Oh, dear ! . . . Whilst this machine ie to him, Hamlet. The 'machine' is the Roman rack. Galileo and Uruno wire k-ochine these things. The Roman nbuich 6;iid these teachings vei'ti wrong auu prosecuted and persecuted these 1.11:11 uilli tije jack ; aud iiumk-t clearly says ' he onlv doubts,' whilst this machine —tbe nv'.;— is in him and forces him to say so. Ophelia represents passive obedience to thu church. Polouius- her father— Rosencrantz. nndGuilderustern, are crawlers after the tyjtd — spongers The history of the piny is the history of society, and what was attenipUid at. the Reformation. B&mlet; was sl-.iiwn t.-. he 00L a! 0|i!u-)ia'9 star, and l'nlnnim folh the king that this must be so because it is so, and aiguiJicantly pointing to his head, saying—' Tako thiB from this if this lie otherwise. ' The falsity of racking 'scientific men because thcchuich was afraid of their teachings was the ' Something rotten in the state of Denmark. ' The mob led Queen— 'mob-led Queen is Rood.' Tlli-i Chuich of Rome in Luther's time was called the 'strumpet,' and the tirst player in tho bypby.wys Ov;t, out, thou Strumpet, fortune 1 and Hamlet says,—' Do you hear, lei them (the actors) lie we!) used for they am tho abstracts and brief chroniclers of the time.' The iiuHiw of Hamlet knew what he was about. H.- knew he was treading closely »n tlio heels r.f an indictment if the play was not partially concealed. Hamlet is made to sny to the actor about tho Pyrrhus piece, '1 remember one Baid there was no Ballets in the lines to make the matter savoury, an no waiter in Ibo phrase that might indict the author for affectation.' If the real intent and purpose of the piece played it without an indictment. The church would have been in arms. This leads infureiiliany to the question, ' Who wrote it?' And then,, if anyone bad got hold of Shakespeare conltl he have got out it? Would the Rnsicruciaiu have given evidence, or. would the Lord Chancellor Biicnn, who must have tried the case, said to the jury— ' I heard the dofendaut speak me u speech ohce, but it was never acted ; or,, if it was, not above once, for the play T reuiemlwr pleased not tho, million. 'Twos caviarrc to the general ; but it was (as I re-, ceived it, and others, whose judgment in such matters cried iu at the fop of miiiu) «li, ?excellent play, well digested iu the scenes, set down with as much huidesty ascunujiig. * 1 reuiciuber one Baid there'were no sallets in the lines to umke the matter savoury, nor mi matter ill the phrase that might indict the author, but culled it an honest method as wholesome as sweet, and by very lunch mure handsome thim tine.' The whole of Hnmlet'a philosophy .is in Brim's w.rks. Hamh-i ww not an indi vidual, but he is nindu philosopher and friend. He was tfelmii!; for truths sake agitinst the doctrines uf the Church of Rome for such as Luther, Brnnlj, (Jalilco, Cam pauella, mid Telesius. Several minor doc trines of the Church are vividly handled ; such as the case of Hamlet's mother marry ing his uiicIh, which Hamlet declares tu ba incest damned »nd as black as hell. Passage after passage in Bacon's works fit wmd f..r uoi-d in Shakespeare's works, and if the writer were not one and the same, the thing w-iuld be impossible bo often to be word for word. Two different men could not consecutively uso technical aud raemilic terms in the same way. It is a very curious cofninentaiy ? oti Shakespeare's very often repeated applica tions for 11 crest ami co/tt of arms, that in the induction to tho ' Taming of the Shrew' there is as close 5 replica to Shakespeare's own personal character M could possibly be given iu the character '.' Sly.' Sly claims that he is no rogue hut 'came in with Ricuahu the Conqueror' —a hit at Shake speare's knowledge of hisU»ry because William was Conqueror. Then the hit at his being a peasant. Then, ' how like a Swine he lies !' Sivinc being called Bueon's in-ShakespoWs time. The induction to the play is simply this. Sly is found drunk near n public-house. A Lord gets a lot of strolling actors to put Sly to bed in a most luxurious manner. Servants with all the trappings of office are pur up u- address liiui us ' my Lord.' appear to be highly pleased with l.is recovery, tull him that his Lady is near to congratulate him, and that he has been above for 15 yen re. Sly, iu his vimity to be considered a hud, accepts without much adout it, wants a drink, and then tu sue his better half. He sees his lordly chamber, his servant*, his line lordly fittings. A young actor of his own Jot is dressed up as a lady of rank and is ushered in, he tells her about the story of the fifteen years above ; and, the lady thoroughly, fetches htm when &he; says, 'the time has seemiKl 30 to bur.' He wants to go to bed, but his page nays his doctor has given him strict charge not. to allow a relapse into sloe)) or. another fifteen years above might happen. This frightens him, «nd he in the vanity of a lord with Ilia boy-lady, quickly patronises the play. N.jiv, Sly drops out of tlie play hereafter very curiously. \Vliel*ur this etory lie true or not, that B.&C0U; null liiB f rionds wrote tl»&, and thuB took tbu «?:»«? in, it mutters little. It. is certain Ikcon's'.'f riunds fell a little hurt that the acLoi' was getting ruore'eredit than tlio auth'.-. anil that they could not or dare not speak differently and had to put up with it. Bitcuii'n brother, Anthony, spout many years on the continent and in Italy, ana leai'ned all the it.-tK.itt stories of Boccacio. Ho was at Venice when the Kagguagli di ParunssK by lincctiliui was printed. What wonder that Anninio got into the Merchant of Venice, and that all the eharucUMs ill tho Turning of the Shrew were Italian. Po»pU'. like the I Nil Nun, who were taught literally that fditli eiiuW remove mountains, could s:irely believe that for some sin they could' slepp for years, or for some tritfing request tufidu by a loving i-.-ife. they could become imJEihle to nil at will. And, Anthony; Bnuiii would be sure to enlighten his brother about these virtues : and no wonder some simitar r.tury would he adapted into thu theatne.il code i.f England.' Why ⅈ.ui nud his friends wure bo careful to destroy ?-.' conceal :dl traces 01 the ai.thur ship i»' not far to rnjek u'licn Hamlet is thoroughly L:ndereb*od. Uacou's position; un ilie Concli, at t!ia Privy Council, 'atid. as Ivird Chancellor at Ihii Court, andiTOj iu»u-i.iii with ths fiicudahip of the 'SAyBJ ieij;u. wool.! all comprouiiM; -him. Cote' called the ship dovica ' 0 ship of frtnla.' and IJervey deolurad Bacon ' wrole pUlosDpliy like a Lord .Chancellor :' nil ?hiininii J?«con was not oxactly understood or appreciated iu his time. The New Atlantis touched some of them. ?In tlm New Atlantis many Masonic authors of the present day can see the origin of tho priuciplcs they practice. Bscon'e AtUnlia is word f.,r w^j-d idcHtic.il iritli John Hey don's voyage t*i the laud of the Kosicrucians, mid Heyiluii «ia«t liare known eeeretly-that Bacon wrote it. Bacon put forth the New Atlantis about l-sU; iedicd in I«20; and .John Meydon was only horn in 1029. Hcydon was an oot-and-out Rosicrucian, well connected, and llib uuily the oeclut i-r Uie Now Atlantis only c.mnrnis Bacon's authorship. In short, Sir. Jjiini* Hughim, the living author of many Masonic books, ami »-ho is reputed to be !hc highest Maso nic authority in England says: 'Prima fncie the case is made out, it appears to me. .... The New Atlantis seems to be, and probably i'b, the ' key to the modern rituals of Freemasonry.'' j Now the Btep is short. Admit that Bacon I was both a Rosicrucian mid a M.-ismi. the j seutetti in Shakespeare are as briuhl as nay light. The teachings of all are the same uld Hermetic iluctrinc: 'The glory of Ood is to cmice.il a thing, but tils glory of a King ib to find it out.' 