LEAVING JULES VERNE BEHIND. ! WHAT niOFESSOR GAKN1ER MEANS TO DO I DC AFKICA. "We have from time to time given some account of the researches of Professor Gamier into the domain of the " simian* tongue." The Professor is now about to start for the wolds of Africa to study. the ape amid his native surroundings, and he supplies to the North American lievieio: an account of what he expects ;' to accom plish. He intends to call to his aid "all the engines of human invention " which may conduce to his success, and it would seem none of Jules Verne's heroes will have the.ghost of a chance beside him. ? Professor Garnicr's outfit will,of course embrace a phonograph, a photo- camera, telephones, an electric battery, and so on; but the most novel appointment will be a cage, which he has specially designed for the trip, and of which he gives the fol lowing description;-" The cage is made of steel wire woven into a diamond shaped lattice, with a two inch mesh and framed in strong steel frames. Each panel of the cage is three feet six inches square, and there are in all twenty-four panels, each one interchangeable with all :the rest, so that they can be united with ease into a cube seven feet square, and any side will serve for top or bottom, and any panel can be used as a doorl"' - The uses to which the cages-may be put will of course be numerous r-"It can be erected as easily as a tent, . and will be used at night to camp in. ; It will serve me as a Louse while I may be detained in making terms with the natives and studying their speech; and it will be a fortress in the jungle, where1 I must spend much of my time in trying to fiud the secret which I seek. But the use of my cage will not be limited to a mere place of safety froui the wild beasts that prowl through the forests at night; it \vm serve also as a dej>ot for my sup plies. It ivili be locked securely to the adjacent trees by three strong chains at tached to a Y-shaped iron bolted through the top of the cage. It will contain hammock and camp chair. Besides these it "will be occupied by my phono graph, photographic instruments, tele phones, and electric battery with i\ liich to operate them. A single charge of this electric battery will lust for about 300 consecutive hours. By the use of the small switchboard I shall be able to fire my flash-light at night, or to snap uiy kodak in the daytime, and to operate my telephones if necessary. In case of danger or unexpected attack, by the use of my switchboard and by means of an induction coil, I can charge the entire cage with electricity, developing an alternating current of about* 300 volts. In leaving my cage with it contents - for any length of time, I shall simply charge it in this manner with electricity, in order that in my absence my meddlesome neighbors may be induced to let it alone." A " unique and marvellous " experi ment among the many which tlie Pro fessor expects to perform is that of plio liogiaphfng the sounds of the apes at a distance from his cage, where his phono graph will be located at times. ""I shall accomplish this (he says) by means of the telephones Avliich I am having con structed for the purpose with a water proof cable wire connected at one end with the diaphragm of the phonograph, and at the other end (which may be car ried any distance, even a mile or more through the forest) connected with a small telephone concealed in a tic horn ; all of which will be painted a dingy green in order that it may be concealed in the leaves, or hidden in the moss or undergrowth of the forest. In front of this horn will be placed decoys, baits,. effigies, mirrors, or such other means as may be found necessary to induce the chimpanzees and gorillas, to utter their souuds there, which sounds, of course, will be immediately transmitted to and recorded on the phonograph cylinder, which will be operated by electricity. The Professor means to provide him self with globes for incandescent light. These will be connected with bis battery so that in case of alarm during the night ' the cause may be easily ascertained by simply switching on the liglit for a few seconds-' "If it is found that anything within the Held of my kodah shall be worth photographing the flash-light will be fired and the picture taken, inclu ding the cage and its surroundings. Amid the deep silence of the forest, I shall take a photograph at nightfall, one at midnight, and oue at dawn, ihus ^pre serving a: vivid idea of the approach of darkness, the appearance of the forest by artificial light in the dead, still hours of night, and the awakening of life in the early dawn when the first rays of sunlight glance through the foliage wet with tropical dew." Those intended feats of photography will to the initiated seem sufficiently startling. But greater wonders remain behindI expect to bo able to secure photographic views of the home life of j these great apes, as also of the natives of the same regions. I hope , to secure photographs of their mouths in the act of talking, and at the same time the phonographic records showing the sounds they utter. "With the aid of my phono graph I shall record audbringhoine the sounds of all the creatures of these deep forests which utter speed#; and with my camera shall preserve for civilised man photographs of the royal families, the beaux and belles of royal society in even ing dress, the peasantry,slaves, and social parasites, the wild beasts, the tropical birds, and even the slimy serpents that infest the Eden of tropical Africa" I shall secure the social and religious song, the rites and ceremonies, the music and speech of the people. I shall take pho tographs of their homes, which will affiord a vivid idea of the domestic life and habits of this curious people, as they may be found worshipping their deities or dancing in their sins. "We may thus ascertain how much bondage and civili sation , have respectively ..wrought for this race, by comparing their condition .withthat of their kinsmen,in America, who have grown up under the influences of civilisation. This will be an impor tant ethnological fact to determine. The Professor's outfit will, of course, include some deadly weapons. To 'fire a; gun . in the forest would alarm the* ani mals.and drive them "from the- locality. But the Professor's resources are equal to all emergencies:-" I have devised a gun and missile suited to my special use. Tlie gun barrel is simply a straight reed about four feet long, bored out smooth ond uniform, and the missile . is driven by the force imparted by two strong rub ber bands and two steel springs. The weapon is charged with an arrow or dart having a steel head of peculiar design, which is forced - open on entering its quarry, the contents of the arrow head being thereby discharged: The arrow head will contain fifteen drops of prussic acid. In case I shall see an auimal or a group of animals which I may desire- to secure, by the use of this instrument . I can secure either oue or all of them, without unnecessary in j uiy or alarni.Tho effect of this acid discharge in the blood is almost instantaneous . and ' painless death." ' . For personal preservation Professor Gamier has a more wonderful,.weapou still: " My masked battery consists of a rubber canteen of my. own -device,' to ?which is attached a liosc about two feet long,: on tlie 'end of which is a metallic nozzle, provided with a ring- to ' fit the fourth finger, and a valve opening and closing like a flute fcev- l'ho canteen will bo worn buckled under the arm, while the ring on the nozzle will be worn on the"fourth linger of the right hand, so that it may be used on the instant in ease of surprise. The battery will be charged with concentrated ammonia, a douche of which at close quarters will set the most ferocious beast to thinking." Most readers will think the Professor's preparations fairly adequate, but it is gratifying to learn that if the plans he has laid shall, fail. 'new. ones will be thought out and put to the test.' " I feel adequate to . tho task of meeting these animals ori their, own grounds, believing that my intelligence will be equal to their brute strength. I am willing to forego the comforts of civilised life, the endearments of home, and the blessings of health and plenty and take upon myself the hardships, the priva tions, and the toil of such a journey, that I may give to the world the. secret with whicli to pass.the gates of ."speech. I ask no reward but success, I seek no end b*.t truth." "We trust we may ftnd it. The account of his preparations comes pre cious near impressing the English reader with the belief-that he has hot found it yet : . 