The Princess Louise as a Salmon Angler. . Her Skill in Canadian Waters. Tlio Fishiny Gazette prints an interest ing account, written by Mr. John Mowalt, a well-known Canadian salmon angler, of.Prinecss Louiso's exploits as a salmon angler during lior slay in tho Dominion, Ho says : — Upon reading of the capture of a salmon in the famous Princess Pool in tho Roatigouchc, I was reminded of tho night, or rather ovoning, that I named it. On tho occnsion of tho visit of tho Royal party to tho fishing grounds, tho losseos, Messrs. Fleming and Brydgcs, gavo np tho river for Iho sonson. It was iu good trim, fino wator, fish plenti ful, nnd no rods allowed. I was ordorcd to escort tho party to and from the Indian House Pool, and fitted up Mr. Brydgcs fnmous bargo Great Cicsar's Ghost. "When on our way down tho river, her Royal Highness said to mo, "I nin not yet tired of fishing; please stop tho boat where you think wo can hnvo some sport." I did so nt the mouth of Chain Rock Brook, half a inilo or so below the pool. . Lord Lome, tho Duko of Argyll aud lii3 daughters and aides ion; us tticro, going down iu their bark caiioos, leaving tho Princess, Lady Mae- linmnrn, Carpenter (dotcclivo), two Indians, myself, and boat's crow. Tho Princess called mo and said she would be ready to go when I thought it time. The day was warm, with south wind, and towards afternoon clouds began to rise. About.'! o'clock I called tho Indians, and tho Princess was ready. I took tho stern of tho boat, turning out ono of tho men rather against her will, as sho re quested mo to sit dowu. I told her I wanted to manage tho canoe myself. Wo soon got up to tho ground, about 250 yards above tho fall of tho Iloro Rapid. After anchoring, the Princess hauded mo the fly-book, saying, " You know best wlint fly is most likely to kill." Not fludiug a Fairy, I put on one of my own, a middling-sized Brown. First fish broke hold before anchor wns raised ; second fish did tho Bame before it camo to gaff, and this scorned to dis appoint hor very much. I said as tho buu lowered tho fish would take hold better, and just tbou we had a slight shower, with soino wind and cooler. It was then about fi o'clock, and the Prin cess struck a fish which held, aud was lauded iu 11£ minutes, and wns 2-ilb. Next fish was foul hooked behind the gill cover, and took 22 minutes. Whilsr. playing her fish sho said to mo, " Don't bo afraid to toll mo if I do not handlo them properly ; I should hnvo killed tho last ono quickor, ho was only 221b, nnd I. feared lie would go through tho rapid," I said, " You hold very hard, your east could bear no moro." Our "next fish wns a 20-poundcr, and tho fourth and lnsta 27-poundor, which I gaffed out of llio canoe when within 13 yards of tho rapid, at 8 o'clock. We" could have killed another, but tho midges wcro pretty plenty, and concluded to quit. On our way to tho bargo tho Princess said to mo, "If you had boon with mo all tlio timo I could have inado a much larger score (about 130), and if ovor I couio again you must promise to go with mo." I thou told hoi that tlio pool had no iiamo, and a.ikod hor ponnission to call it tho Priucoss Louise Pool, and so ' it was named. 1 must say that fowl anglers could handlo fish with hot ' Highness.- Sho' usod a heavv English ' 18ft rod, and hor strong right arm ' (al ter tho iisli had got his soeoncl run over) would lift his head clear of tho water. I'lio grontest oamllo-power in any ono light used in a lighthouse, ib at Houstholm, in Denmark, ivhero tliu light iB 2,000,000 oandlo-yowor. 