'ELSIE VENNER.' The Problem of Instinetive Criminality. fBv Kev. C. F. Aked.] 'Elsie Venner' is the title of a 'romance of destiny/' by Oliver 'Wendell Holmes. A dear old lady of the author's acquaintance -poke of it as 'a medicated novel,' and the senial Autocrat of die Breakfast Table wasquite pleased with her discriminating criticism, xhe book vras written with quite different ends in view from those of mere amusement or' even of helpful recreation. The scene of the story i3 laid in Bockland, a quiet country town of Kew litiglana. inis yu lage, or town, was 'ennobled' by lying at the foot of a mountain— a mountain which possessed the -weird distinction of affording a home to a great number of deadly rattlesnakes, and whose fatal memories seemed to cast a kind of lurid shadow over the town itself. Livinsr at Rockland was a girl named Elsie, the daughter of a high-souled eultured gentle man called Dndley Venner. The girl, some 17 years of age, was intensely beautiful, but with an unnatural indescribable fascinating Scanty. There was something about her which irresistibly made strangers who saw her think of a rattlesnake ; something in her move ments and manners, in her appearance and address, which had that strange resemblance. Old writers, as we know, delighted in stories of mysterious and horrible intimacy between children and serpents, but this is the case of one who seems to possess the serpent nature itself. Elsie Venner possessed the power of fascination as the rattlesnakes possess it, but ?jven over the rattlesnakes themselves. Once a man in imminent danger of being struck by a, serpent, the glitter of whose two diamond eyes had transfixed fri™ with the palsied numbness of terror and despair, found, while he held bis breath and waited for the death dealing stroke, that the flame died out of the oyes that had awed him, and then that the reptile was beaten by an enchant ment stronger '' than its own as ifc glided away under the compelling ga»e_ of IClsie Venner. In that same gliding motion of ber body, too, tjjo girl seemed to snare the habits of the reptiles she could so strangely aive. .And what dubious fascination was it which drew Iier to often from her luxurious home to the bleak mountain side? And even from her chamber at night, when Roskland slept, alone to the Rattlesnakes' Haunt ''. She shared the antipathies of the serpents, too. For various experiments have_ shown that a rattlesnake brought into proximity with the k-aves of the White Ash (Fraxinus Americana) vriil fall at once into violent contortions as of pain. And once, when a basket of flowera was iii-ought to Elsie Venner, she seemed paralysed v.-itli terror until the olive-purple leaves of the ? White Ash were hurriedly taken from the room. Elsie Venner seemed to have con tracted, alas ! something ot the moral or im iQoral characteristics oi tJie rattlesnake, as well ?is of its physical pecularitLes. As a child sh-s was subiect to fits of passion, and when in. one Mieli paroxysm she bit her oousin, a lad she had been playing -with, the doctor applied caustic to the biles, as be would have done to those of some venomous animal. And, as a fact, she seemed to possess no moral sense at nil, to be incapable of distinguishing between light and wrong, to rejoice in the opportunity ?jf inflicting deadly mischief, as tho rattlesnake d'Jights in the exercise of his terrible power. ?She tried to poison a governess who offended her; she sought the life of the cousin whom in other days she had only bitten. And the explanation 'of her eccentricities, I;c-r physical and moral uniqueness, her poisonous bent of mind consists in this — that eome little time before Elsie Venner was born her mother was bitten by a rattlesnake, and had died immediately after giving birth to the child from that malignant wound. Elsie Venner was born with the poison of the serpent in her blood, with the nature ot the serpent an integral and indissoluble part of her nature, and with the deadly disposition of the rattlesnake dominating the gentler disposi tion of the girL , ,. Kow the real aim of this story is, as the author himself tells us, 'to test the doctrine of original sin and human responsibility tor the disordered volition coming under that technical denomination. Was JiJsie Venner, poisoned by the venom of a erotalns before she was bonv morally responsible for the ? voli tional' aberrations which, translated into acts, become what is known as ein, and it may be what is punished as crime? H, on presenta tion of the evidence, she becomes by the ver: diet of the human conscience a proper object of Divine pity, and not of Divine wrath, as a subject of moral poisoning, wherein lies the difference between her position at the bar of judgment, human or Divine, and that of the unfortunate victim who received a moral poison from a remote ancestor before h© drew his firs 5 breath f Let me remind you how the doctrine of original sin is staled in the older theologies. The Larger Catechism of the Westminster Assembly thus formulates it: — 'The cove nant being made with Adam as a publick person, uot for himself only, but for his -josterity, all mankind descending from him by ordinary generation sinned in him, and fell Twith him in that first Itransgressiou . . thesinfulness of that estate -wbereinto man. fell fconsisteth in the guilt of Adam's first sin' . . whereby he is utterly indisposed, disabled, and made opposite unto, all that is Miiritually good, and wholly inclined to all «'vi) and tbat continually. . . Original sin is conveyed from our first parents unto their iwsterity by natural generation, so that aU tbat proceeded from them in that way are con ceived and born in sin. Now what are we to «iy of that 1 Or even of a less crude and less cruel way of saying the same thing-more acceptable to- modern thinking.' How shal we say Eleie Venner is not responsible am cannot be held responsible for the poison ot iber&ttlet-uakc; we arc responsible and must be held responsible for the poison of original sin ? . First, we may say safely that the intellect and the morel sentiments alike rebel against any such formula of inherited guilt ! To found a massive, a terrible, and a tragic theory upon the story of Adam's fall is, we are bound to confess, to build upon unstable foundations which may give way at any moment and reduce our theory to debris. We do not feel as though we knew quite as much about Adam as our fathers did. He does not respond quite so readily to our questionings, we are not nearly so certain about those details of his fall. Evolution is becoming more and more the working hypothesis of the scientist. The embryologist, the anthropologist, and the sociologist^ each in his own particular sphere and with his own particular authority, arespe&k-; : ing to up, every day more distinctly, of an evolu tion of life, of man, and of society. And while we are re-examining our old theories in the new light of their discoveries and speculations, Biblical criticism, stepping into the front rank, and boldly claiming a hearing, lifts up ber voice in warning against the endeavor to base a theory of human life and destiny upon the incidents recorded in the early chapters of Genesis, seeing that our position with regard . to tbe nature and purpose of that record may have to be re- stated in the coining days. We feel that we are on firmer ground when we say that we are not to be held responsible, and are not tobe made to suffer for Adam's sin by any arbitrary act of the will of God. If the theological formula covers the whole case — observe the point, if it covers the whole case — then, like Abraham of old, we must come right up to the face of God and plead with him that He shall act as becometh the Creator of heaven and earth. For Elsie Venner, 'poisoned by a crotalus before she was born,' does become an object of God's pity and not of His wrath. And we, poisoned by sin before we were born, do, undeniably in like manner become the objects of pity and never of wrath. And no God would have the right — it would not be God-like, it would not be right or like Himself —no God would have the right to damn me for sins which Adam com mitted. Men tell us sometimes that we offend in our zeal 'Jo magnify the goodness and the grace of God, and that we cannot know the things whereof we too boldly speak. But they strangely forget that Christ still reveals Him self to the waiting heart, and that to close our ears to the ministration of His cwn Spirit of Truth is to come near that blasphemy aeainst the Holy Ghost) against which he pronounced His awful doom. When John Stuart Mill said— 'I will call no being good who is not -what I mean when I apply that word 'good' to my fellow creatures ; and if such a being can send me to Hell fornoi call ing Him good then to hell I will go,' he spoke in utter reverence of all that he knew of God. And we, our hearts filled and thrilled by a fellowship divine, know that if we were satisfied that the old dogma stated the case in fairness'and fulness it would need to be denied and denounced as a reflection upon the godliness of God. But leaving argument and addressing our selves to the facts of life what do we find? We find, as a fact, in life and in society that the old dogma embodies a reality made every day more patent and more appalling. We find, as a fact, that men are born in sin and shapen in iniquity; that, as a fact, there is a curse resting upon Adam's race. In the reeling walk and stagger ing gait of the drunkard, as in the hectic Hush and hacking cough of the consumptive; in the moral bias of the wretch who. we say, is a ' born thief or a 'bom liar,' as in the twisted spine or warped brain of the cripple or the epileptic, we trace the workings of a forceful, mysterious law whose explanation our fathers sought in a reference to Adam's fall, and whose baleful tendencies are known to science under the generalisation of the Law of Heredity. Of this curse of heredity much might bs said, much must be said in pulpit ministrations. I can think of two frightful instances in which I have myself intimately known the persons concerned. There was a family respectably connected, in a good social position, fairly religious. One son took to drink, to gambling, to immorality, flung his life away, before he reached his prime died a sot. A daughter drank, fell from virtue, became a drunkard, was poisoned one night in a house of infamy. Another daughter is this day in danger of fall ing as her sister fell in spite of every endeavor to save her. The explanation? Mother and father were sober, godly people ; the father's father a sensual wretch. And the curse may miss one generation to strike the next— indeed, it does so often. The other case known to me is that of the family of the deacon of a Non conformist church — aa good a man as any of us know— his wife a pure and faithful mother in Israel. This man's father lived a life of grossest and most horrible licentiousness, and died a shameful death. Tne-ehiHren of the deacon in question — this sensual villain's grand . children— seem to have been born possessed by ; a spirit oi undesniiess. I can't go into details, but the particulars include such ghastly offences as drunkenness, seduction, and prosti tution. Science is lifting up her voice. By the mouth of her devoted priests and servants to day she is warning us that not our own lives only are in our hands but the lives of future generations, too, to do with them as we wilL Science proclaims to us with formidable for mula what our own observation has suggested, that physical peculiarities are handed down . from generation to generation, tendencies to consumption, to cancer, to insanity and the like, but that this constitutes perhaps the least momentous phase of the terror. That amoral warp, amoral bias is also conveyed in the pro cesses of generation, and that a compelling tendency to some particular form of moral abasement may be the inheritance of the unoffending child. We have all read Walter Besant's noveL 'The Demoniac/' Allowing for the artistic setting and for eome of the amusing reflections upon the medical profes sion there is nothing out of the way or exaggerated in the central fact from which the plot is evolved. The craving for drink is bom in tbe child, the passionate longing lasts while life lasts, and the terrible sentence of the preacher of a past age is awfully true that there are children not so much born into the world as damned into it ! Dr. Korman Hierr has a most alarming word to say as the result of bis own knowledge. He says — ' Alcoholic, nervous, and mental diseases are aleo banded down. Hereditary alcoholic epilepsy, for example, is by no means uncommon. \- Defective nerve power, enfeebled will, and a de bilitated morale form a favorite legacy from thoughtless inc-briatcs to their helpless issue. The nerves of the dipsomaniac are shattered, while tbe bodily strength is undermined, and thus the family are liable to be mentally afflicted. .Some of the circle, generally the daughter):, may be nervous and hysterical ; others, generally the sons, are ant to be feeble and eccentric, and to fall, into insanity when any emergency calls for the display of unusual brain power. In one household, with a drunken father, two girls were hysterical, and tbe third was an imbecile; of the sons the eldest was an epileptic, theseconddied suddenly of alcoholic apoplexy, and the third was an idiot. In another family, burdened with the hereditary drink curse, the eldest daughter committed suicide, the second, lost her reason and became quite demented, and the youngest was, the incarnation of hysteria; the elder Kon killed himself by poison through drink, and the younger is an apparently confirmed sot.' So, getting back to4the argument, we will eay that the old theological formula does not expref s the facts in' modern language, but dots express the facts, none the less — that we ate the subjects of a curse, more or less in- ~ tense, as may be, and the sins of the fathers arc yet visited upon the children to the third and fourth generation. Tfcen how can we regard God as just ? How say that this is right? For we cannot change ' the nature of the case by altering the phraseo logy in which we describe it. We can't say — The Westminster divines stated the case in their way, and we state it in ours; the case is the same, yet false 'and blasphemous in the seventeenth century, fair and righteous altogether in the day we live in. Where is the explanation? Here. The law of heredity is a great and beneficent law, charged with infinite potencies for the blessing of the human race. We enter into the accu mulated mercies of past generations as well as into their fatal -weaknesses and sins. 'NYe read the books our fathers wrote, we travel over roads they built, we lap ourselves in luxuries they won for us amid toil and suffering after agonies of unsuccessful search and the baffle ment of great endeavor. Their learning is ours, their wisdom maybe. We enjoy politi cal privileges they bled to hand down to U3 ; we live in liberty because they died in chains. And the strong and sturdy limbs of the peasant or the artisan, the vigilant brain of the trader, tbe eloquence of the speaker and the insight of the student — all form part of the heritage of a wise and sober people. Eeligious desires, yearnings after spirituality, for a closer walk with God, a pasEion for holiness impelling the soul to seek after its Creator, and winning from trembling lips the cry of deathless adoration, 'My heart and rr.y flesh cry out for God, yea for the living God :'— all these may be counted, and many more, arcorgst the blessings of heredity. In sober truth \ve are the heirs of all the ages in the foremost files of time. The sins of the parents are visited upon' tbe children to the third ard fourth generation; but, miserable tinners that we are to obscure God's compre hensive goodness, we forget to quote the re luainir'g words of supernal glory, 'showing mercy unto the thousandth generation — i;ot unto tLcusands, but usto a thousand generations -- cf them that love me,' tvtn as Ocd says to us: 'For a small rcoment have I forsaken thee; but with great compassion will I gather thee. In a {-?utfdt-n flush of wrath I hid My face from tkee; but with everlasting kindness will I liavrt compassion upon thee, saith the Lord, ' il«s Bc6eemcf.:) And we may add to this the assurance that Gcd condtiaus no man for the disposition be brings into the world. If a man has a twisted spine' God will not condemn him for not walking straight. If it is the brain which is a-twist God will not damn him for acts of insane 'wickedness.' And if it is a moral twist born in the man who is to say that the great Judge, who will surely do right, will make that man the object of His vengeance for the workings of a passion the man did not create and . failed to control? When Christ was on earth the invalid, the afflicted, the diseased, decrepit, and helpless seemed to enjoy in a special way His favor; they came particularly under His protection. His nature has undergone no change since He healed many that were sick of divers diseases, and cast out devils with His word. Such do indisputably become the object of God's pity and not of His wrath: t.lsie Venner has a special title to Divine watchful ness and Christly tenderness. And out of the dark abysses of suffering made known to us in the consideration of original sin we are lifted once more into tbe sunlight of God s presence, and our souls are suffused with the beauty or His justice and the glory of His love. . Practically there is a warning, full or tragic and tremendous horror, as to how men and women continue to implant the seeds ot physical disease and moral pestilence m their unborn offspring. We preachers must make ourselves more and more familiar with our facts and then, I respectfully submit, make more earnest appeals and deliver our souls of more solemn messages upon the basis of these facts. We must not forget that science speaks of an accumulation of intensity and virulence in some forms of moral poisoamg as generation follows generation. A man ni iy be a truly converted man, a bunday- scnool teacher, deacon, minister of Christ; he may serve his church and city valiantly, cue full ot years and honor and go to glory and to God, but having been a moderate drinker he miy band down an enfeebled will to his chddren and a taste for alcoholic drink which together sliaU work the wreck and ruin of the child he would have died to save. But there is, as welL an in spired and inspiringhope, strong and conferring strength, which we shall do well to encourage. For we can tell of a God who knowethour frame, who considereth that -we are dust, of a Canst who Himself learntobedience by that which He suffered, and now is touched with a feeling of our infirmities, and of a Holy Spirit making in tercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. And sure of such interferences and mighty help we may confidently bid the struggling man, fighting against a hereditary curse, fight and stuggle on. Let him fight ; in God's name lie is very sure of victory, bay to him — j Follow yon the star thab -lights a desert pathway, yoais ot nice, Follow— till you see; the highest human nature is Divine. ; Follow light and do the right-/))' »ikm» can lituf eon tivl ft is doom — Till you see the deathless angel seated in the vacant tomb. Bid him arise, in whatever failing strength he hae, and as he calls to God for added power which God will not deny, show that — Life is not as idle ore, But iron das f 'Oin central gloom. And heated hot with burning fsars, And dipt in baths -of hissing tears, And battered with the shocto of doom To shape and roe. Bidbini Arise and fly Tbe reeling faun, the sensual teas' ; Move upward, working out the beast, And let the ape and tiger die. 