LABOUR OVER SEAS. ? ___^_ ? ? — — Tag New York tmiMirg 'w*' q'wl™m are out for ' more.' Fifteen thousand men downed tools. --.- ? The Qujardi, an Indian paper, thinks : Australia will be very useful to relieve our impending congestion of population. Employes in glass factories in France demand an Eight Hours Act on the ground that exoessive hours keep the undertaker^ needlessly busy. The French Government, which cele brates revolutions- and sings the Mar seillaise as a national hymn, has prohibited a proposed Socialist congress in Paris. The Act passed by the TT.S. f!nngreBH 'declaring ana eight-hour day for all labourers and artisans on public works has -beeirsigfieirByTresidentr Harrison. The cabler says : ' A Scottish Labour party is being formed which is pledged to support Mr. Gladstone.' But then he winked the other eye, which didn't come through the wire. ___ The Amalgamator! KnrWy «nf T?n. -gineefs- haverdedaTed. bv a. majority of o4,ouu out ot yu.OOO members, that.over time is &n; evil, detrimental to workmen generally, and should be abolished. » Discontent with tho philosophical attitude of the Fabian Society has caused the formation of an English 'Labour Union ' with the intention to jump in and do something. London railway refreshment, room barmaids work from 14 to 15 hours per day and are fed on hashed scraps left on customer's plates. Commercialism knows how to rake in profits. ? Tag oabler aavs: '300 printers have been arrested at /NVarsaw in Po|and, for printing and disseminating rebellious litera ture.' Probably for setting forth the butcheries by the Government in connec tion with the recent strike. j Another strike has taken place at Pipk's jam factory/. Sixty women came out against a reduction in their wretched w^ge — and their places wer« filled in a twinkling atrfesnsiueea rate. Freedom -oipentoeH1 ? — — ? : ? ( The Idaho, U.S.A., law courts make out that the Miners' Union is a conspiracy and the 5000 men concerned in the recent dispute liable for ' conspiracy ' as well as for " murder.' Ten thousand troops have restored a Roman peace, ? Cardinal Manning said that a starv ing man had a right to steal. A starving German has acted on this principle in London, openly taking three gold chains from a jeweller s window, and asserting in the police court that he had a moral right to do so. The latest is that a London police spy has discovered how the anarchists, have invented an explosive book, which dis covery has shocked the comfortable and proved the need of police spys, don't you know. Strange, though, that the anar chists do so very little if all that is charged against them is true. - - TaiCMPHANT Plutoeracjrirafig a U.S. soldier by his thumbs for half an hour for showing Labour sympathies at Pittsburg. He is now suing the brutal officers who eat on the court martial for dauif-ges, and the New York Central Labour Union is attempting a strike of his indignant com rades as a protest. ? Li7.7,tr, M. . Holmes, -a— \?elHmown -AmericanJKrit6rx«aye-of-Chicago-: ? Every night .the police stations ate besieged bv homeless kaea, toeggiag ^for a ^spot on 'the stone pavement of a oell on which to rest their weary bones. Every ghost of a chance for em ployment draws throngs of anxious-looking men. The country relief caunot or does not assist those to direct need fast enough to save some of them from starving and freezing to death. Chicago wages, ghinh arft-£s. fid., to 3a. p-*r Tlay, must be too high. Eh. ? If John Morley is givea a billet in Gladstone's Government and seeks re election fot JfewcastlerOn-Tyne Joseph Cowen comes out againBl l-Ue enemy of a legal eight -houtp day and other New Unionist proposals, Cowen has often beep on the right side. He \vas the friend of Mazzini and Krapotkine, the champion of, Ireland's cause in its darkesj; hour, and not afraid of Socialism before it became popu lar. He is proprietor of the Neii-caMlc Ckroniclc, immensely superior oratoncally to, Iforley, and will with Burn.s and the others let Morley, Gladstone and Co. .know that both Eihomlj aud TatiQk have got to consider Labour claims or fight on it. ? . . . . QoEE^scAKn is nof alone as a slave state. An extraordinary state of affaire is exposed in London Truth by a resident of Natal, South Africa. The xiitpoBal there of 'liberated' slavesmnder .' freedom of contract' parallels -the condition of the kanakas in Queensland. The writer says : Before I went to Natal I was always under the impression that when our warships captured cargoes of slaves the latter were set tree at onoe, or as soon after as possible. But suoh is _nat_alwayB the case. Oaptured slaves are frequently if not always, taken on board and landed at the nearest. British port— say, for argument's sake, Durban, Natal. When landed they are. taken to the police station, and kept till a certain day named by the local- authorities The announcements are then published, by crier and otherwise, that on such and such a day so many captured slaves will be distributed -to anyone requiring servants for a certain num ber of years. The omy qualification neoessary in order to obtain 6Uch servants is ajyisitionGf *e8pectabiHty-in'thB-loeainy, sucJTas belonging to some profession, or trade, or possessing inde peudent means. Now, suppose I require a servant. I Bign a paper before the magistrates agreeing to take so-and-so for so many years, and feed and 'to treat such ' servants' well, I can practically do very much as I like with them, short of murder. Should the unfortunate native eet tired, of being bullied and run away, I simply notify the police authorities to that effect and they send out their native police in search of the runaway, who generally takes shelter in the nearest kraal. On being oaptured, he is brought back to the police station, flogged, and returned to me-his master. Should my 'servant' do anything I think wrong I can also have him flogged by the police at any time. In my bumble opinion the condition of this ' servant' is still one of slavery, though perhaps in a mitigated form. Too often slaves captured by our men-of- war must find that they have simply jumped out of the frying-pan into the fire. Labouchere comments that' British_tax^ j-aywfl-fHf^--fa-^--iaaffliromng gunboats and cruisers on the African Toast nol; for the purpose of suppressing the slave trade, but for that of diverting the Mtgoero} slavers to the British eolonial market.' So much for modern philanthropy; To pay the Sonttt, Afnrna profitmou^r to^w^ enthuiiastic anti-slaVery advopate-aslt KNMaB Sll66??^ Pknter to cant of. Veiling the Polynesian.' f 