The Dill to amend the Dog Act roecntly introduced' ikto thd Assembly bylthe member for Shoalhaven, Mr. P. II. Morton, and which has passed iie first reading, contains a very important democratic prinoiple, and if cairied it will virtnally take the power of extend. ing its provisions out of the hands of Magistrates and place it in the hands dof the people, who may then by petition ask- the Governor to extend to or exempt from any district-or porlion of a district the operation of the Act. We may be niet with the assortion that this power never did rest with lh? Mlagistracy, and so fnr as the Anot or the proposed amendment are noncernedl tlhih would be correct, as the Governor may do as he sees fit in the matter of exton sion,.but if in operation ioe woll I e I powerless to grant exemption, '-'But in raotioe thg varioue Denohes oI Meipi strates have been consulted, and their advico nvariably taken, The extenrien has also ben grontrad by tho Governor to auy district whore it has been asked 'or by its Bench of M.[agiatratee, but teover until quite receintly, so far as we know, haa the extension boon grautod at the request of a single Mnagistrate, whether he be a P.M'[, or a simple JP A Police Meagistrrei, xshon sitting by himself, may or moy not have double power ; he may be migratory., hero to dayand gone to-morrow ;a muay be aup posod to uuderstaund mnd admnimmister the law,andjnstico with a pro'ision nod jrd: mant superior to the ordinary ran o1' Justices of the Peace; buit whoa sittinlg with other Mxqgis.et.os he has only one vote. It is quite cortnai lint in ashing for time oxtension of the Dag Act it waa nlover contemplated that hlo should either have double pewor or sufltoioos influence to put the provisioos of that Act in force in oppocition to the wishc· of a majority of the Jasticve in the distnct in which lie may happen to reside, and if Mr. Morton's Amending Dill beoomos the law of th lanud ho wilb have no more influence to move thie Governor to extend or withhold the Act than any other unit in the oommunity. The Dog Act of 188,5 and its amnuding Act of 1875, together with the further amerlding by act Mr hlortoa, is l ittle bet. or than a misnomer, for it sees out to abate the nuisance of the groat number of doge running loose in the street., and winds up by only lhargiug a regiot rtion fee of half a crown for every dog, so that if a man koeps fifty dogs, which to his neighbours and the travolliug public ate the greatest possible nuisance, lie can legally keep every one of them on pay mont of a registration fee, and the nuisance is not abated one wit, nor doce the Act provide n remedy for. damage done by doge one wit more than is pro vfided by other Auts. It may be, for aLght we, or anybody else cnowes, that a majority of the residents of the tow? or uunloiipality of Kiamn would be in favour of the oxteucion to the town, but that was not the question for oonsideration when a full Bench was cnalled by the Polio Magistrato throe months ago, for they voted against the applioation of the law ae it then stood, and still stands, to thi Police District, and in all fairness either the full Bench or the people of the town should have beon appealed to before putting the old( law in foroo, on a prolrbmoltiu thirty years old, which had boon rejeoted by the Bench continuoesly for all that time, and oncO, if ntLtwice, unanimously by the Mnhrui~ O&nir; l.u1 Be3t even this unsatisfactory, and we may add illegal, state of things will be capable of remedy in spite of thbo autocratid:power that brought it about. .Theo fuost;ou may very naturally be asked-why, if the authority and judgment of the MIagistracy for so long, supported by that of the Council, was set at naught, did they not call a full B3ench and resent the unwarrantable assump tion of lopresentative power by a com parative stranger? For two reasons wo offer no apology for this step not being taken. First, there are only throe Magistrates besides the P.M.\'residiog within the l!mits of the town,. 'ey might not be agreed asto the.Avi~d~m'of such a step, and, sucond, we are a law abiding people, who have more regard for the semblanco of law or the ghost of authority than we have for the paltry feoo, or a greater love for concord and neighbourly fooling than is compatible willt a fight for our rights. The Police District of Shoulhavpu appears to be passing through the same kind of ox perience, but though the proclamation of extension has appearol in tho.GoverCn. ma;t Gaetteo, the Bench of Magistrates, the Municipal Counoil of Nowra, and the people in various parts of that district have held spooial meetings, all of which have condemned the exteusion, and several petitions agaiort it have been forwarded to the proper authority, with, at present, no other effeot than the unnal formal aeknowledgmont, Never. tholess, a partial,'if not a complete, registration and paynlont 'or fees has taken plauo. The time allowed for thi?e purpose--tbo samo as in Xianma--lis passed, and those who hbvoe ailed will probably be sued in the Polloo Court for non.compliance. fut if a majority of the B3sneh in both places .are agaiinst? the extonsion'they must either abscnt themselves or vote against the imposi tion, If they adopt thn formari oeurse they give dtitytho go.by and thiow the power into the hands of a minority, ur following the latter course eane frisoton, and possibly hay ythenmselves open totLho charge of opposing a Vico-"ogal pro elamation and placing tbomsolves in an anomalous position, from which the M[inistor of Justice could by " a serape of a pen " have easily saved them. TJhe fist ?eeitsnco of a paragraph on the suh j3st which we roeriatfrom thile ,Wuenl/uvin f'alcgi'cpkh is a proof tlht thoe Magitsraniy has boon regarded "as the proper atlhorilty ior instruotiugt the police to n:crry cut the Aet, and though. t bf !Fst6 of the proghawtaiion at halhuIVw'n ,nay bho ro io "l Troasury sispoctor, rvho woo surpii. cd l hrre was Io reavenie vOn Itho Dong ct. r?t that pln:oe, it 'vidontly had tho sapL:orto( M[r. Ncnoitt'o uidividnal opinion, iand ao noano must no rosponobleb for selting the police in notiou. Unfortunotoly tih Act has uo -afoty volve, and if iu praotioe it is Ibuud that ito oxtonsion has beon a oi,,taleo ii: provides no ronrody. I3nt if ho ahmendment propooed by Mr. M[orton ,o rnrriud --und we hope it w'ill--tho nou iuloretote of the people in regard to ho simple rogiotration of dogs will bo necunred ngainot thoaccidlontal dloninano, F singlo itidividnls or rain 'ritioe. 