11 A LADY'S LETTER FJiOM... _ 1 " SYDNEY. We are all crying out lier« at asnddtn act of vandalism in nur mi i»t» In aim of our busy streets. Bent by name, and j ant in front of tliu' rpli-nrie] liiw bbilihug. ti.u Hotel Metropole, have atood for »many a long decade some glorious Moreton Bay fig trees. .Three days agu, us people from Die harbour luburbs purtiiod their way iatjtomi, the gre. n itreteh ng brancli -a fl-ing thor cool pleasant sh .du across ti e triangle just us they lind done for ou- giandfath>rd, and their fathers before thom. In the evening they vvcic laid low, and passers-by paused aghflat the midden act. What it is to li ive a in iyor without a grain tf s-nt mont." ';I should not hesitate-, even lithe place had fo-i.o lii-t neal interest," hev. saul' when tixed indignantly with i the ao5 " tj absorb it in the roid if I thought it ueeceaary tj do an.". Th it it boa not bisturí ; nasouiatii-n cannot be proved. It ha« long teen believed that upon that yery place WJB built the first, church in Au.tralla, but lately varir-ita fada have been brought for*aid to show .it waa some hundred or two yalda liighor up where iii-s first sacred edifice WtiB ruise.i. lio that how it may, the trcea w-re venerable and linkol wi-.h many old Iii ti of the cjlfc-ny'a history. The Mayor's act has excited wiJcspraad indignation. ' < ) The t-x-Mayor of Sydney, Mr. Sydney Burdekin, who eomu 12 n.onths ago left with his wife ond family for Eng and, is expected back again aho.-tly. Their stay in Eug'antl has been attentai w.'th great ¿Mat ; I hey have ape it their gre<t wealth freely, been received with open arma in moat exclusive e-ircles, been visited freq lently by the Prince of Water, and alcogeth.r have had a brilliant and enjoyable visit. Just now, however, a sad bereavement his cut short all their plans ; their second young daughter, Miss Helen Eugenia, died after a short illness, and they are all returning home immediately. Tnia i« the thi d child Mr. Burdekin has lost within the laat four or five yea». I wonder whether down in Tasmania yon have ever heard of our gho3t. Victorians lay claim to it, but it is really our own, aa has been conclusively prov. d lately. To tell the truth, however, we had almust for- gotten th it we had anything so respectable until Mr. Steadiu hil "G îost" number of the Review of lievieua brought it before us once more. The locationtheregi ven, however, I Mr the ghostly narrative is Ballarat, which is wrong, an Mr. Stead has since disovered. Our own little town (Campbell Town) claims the ghostal glory. Tne story ia to the efftct that about 25 years ago a grazier waa sud- denly missed Turee weeks after his ptrtner saw the figure of his late comptnion, bp purent'y »a real and life-like as could be, Bitting on the ground by the margin of a deep pool with his left hand bent resting on his left knee. The figure twice pointed to a deep hole in the water beside a over-hanging tree, and vanished. On search being made at the spot indicated the body was found weighe I down by a large stone, and close by waa a hatchet with whicj the murder had evidently been committed. This wa« identified as having belonged to a certain adventurer who, on being charged with the murder, and found to be possessed of certain valuable documents belonging to the mur- dered man, eventually conies.ed bia crime and waa executed. In the Conrt of Justice held her] at the time this a'o y was abundantly testified to Mr. Stead has lately written to s me one in Sydney asking for further particula-s, aa he hadca'lod the story "The Ballal at ghoat," and feaiel the location was at fault. One of our most brilliant journali its has forwarded to Mr. Stead a narrative of the incidents on which has been founded this famous " Fisher's Ghost " myth, for " myth " it undoubtedly is. He declares, in sti;e of the facts, that he can be shown to day in Campbell Town the " very identical " panel of fencing on which the ghost sat, and that there are still living persons " who knew the man who saw the ghost." This writer states the only matter for wonderment in connection with the dis- appearance of Fisher, and his alleged re- appearance in spirit guise, is that the Crown did not place the discoverer of the ghost on liia trial as an accessory to Fisher's murder. To matters more of the flesh. The Bowral and Moss Vale Theatrical Club gave another of their delighful entertainments on the 26'th. A concert occupied the first part of the programme, several wall known ama- teurs taking part-Mrs C. B. Fairfax, Mrs. Merewether, and others. The second part conistesd of an inimitable performance of the operetta Box and Cox, with Mr. Jefferson [Jeaffreson] Jackson, Mr. Alfred Collyer, and Mr. Archer as actors and Mrs. Massey as accompanist. Amongst the audience were Mrs. Aronsen, Mrs. De Wolf, Mrs. Forbes ' Angus, Mrs. Allison, Mr. and Mrs Bruce i Smith, Mrs. Twynam, Miss Pilcher. ' Another amateur theatrical performance ' was given at Katoomba, there being a large and fashionable attendance of Sydney people still on the wing. Three farces, The Area Bille, Twenty Minutes Under an Umbrella, and Nan The Good for Nothing, were given with gi eat success. 1 That is an amusing little story that ia being tjld of the late Duke of Clarence wheo a boy. It seems that once when at school he ran short of money, aud in the emergency wrote to his royal grandmother to ask her to replenish ha purse. Her Majesty refused with great decision, and wrote the boy a serious letter of advice. The young duke " disposed " of the letter for 30a. to a schoolfellow who had a dis inct eye to business, and enjoyed himself upon the price of the royal letter. The epiatle was afterwards' put up to auction and fetched £16. March 6th. Fur Best ofBoadtng Matter »oo 4th paga«, The Editor of toe Medical annual «'tera cartful axamioation oí CADBIIIIY'S Cocoa, pronounc-s tt to I bo both a food and a beverage of tho highett guallty llKWAAi or USIIMSS IMITATISH«. - Ask foi Konnouys Star Brand Starch Sloss, th« Isandra«* true Mond, give« pearly glosa «ad beautiful finish to ' all starched fabrics; make« old linen look new. i PucheLJ, Sd.: boxea, ed. Grocer«, Ohainlitau. B. Millar and Co . Aiantai Bahai« 