TTTRP F L O T S A M A N D JETSAM. liv " XUNQUAM DOHMIO." Hailhy Kaykok, the trainer of Hun^ebal), assures me that bis party lost their money fairlv aud sijuari'ly on (he Grandmaster—Aveline gelding in the Caulfield Stakes, and considers it most un-raeious on the part of any j,ress scribe to ^ V event. W el], for tny own p,„i. 1 must candidly confess t at 1 hnd ivin.RI ^ tbTSi 1 ' but, knowinu what an unblemished reputation New South Wales trainer hJsalways maintained for the stiietosf integntv as nwirds t.,e truth, and. moreover, having had a BomJwhat li 5 ; - u • m, -r an , d ™ hatThad^ 'le 1 d to I, 7 w ^ J ' d ^ S concernin^the fa'™r^e^ n^l, • the n i l e ^ a X & i liungeball's ^ te „d S I Uu> victories, ltaVnor state hat in the contest resoh-ed itself into a m re fe fi " r six fnrlmi.- burst at the outside " H- there been any I d V M the stlrt"he S ™ "he would never have won" So that the" ikinc; achine "is only a sprinter after all' ' " 1 ' ' ' How Unreasonable some Owners and Trainers really are! Simply because last Saturday at Caulfield, the Starter tried to relieve the Existina i-.iuo Depression IS concerned) (in so far hv as the nniin' Victoria :il out Amateur of the Turf "V 3 jockevs Club is in concerned) the Caulfield bv finin-- Cup a :il paltry out of £'i the note '1'J owing to ill their the display Caulfield of over-anxiety Cun a o.Wtw 'in j>s wttimr gettin ..V.. J oil', straightway there must be a fearful po»" wow, and the time of Dm Stewards is to be occupied in listeniug to the views of the owners and trainers affected as expressed by Messrs. S 0\. Cook and J. C. iiowiicn. Why, the thing's Monstrous'. How is tin; Starter to expect (its Increment unless he studies ways and means': The Old saw tells us that the Labourer')'? Worthy of his Higher : aud the more a Starter cm fine ••:• 7-0••-, - "- - •• Starter can fine the jockeys -•--* • tho - Higher should ' • his salary mount liven although common owners aud trainers should snouiasulle: suffer ( cer the transaction, The starter'- troubles wh to pay the fifer ! Neveh was there a fairer scene at a race nwctin< in Australia iiraua than man was witnessed at Caulfield las' last Saturday, "" lay. The weather was simply glorious, the attendi lance something . magnificent, ^ the course and its surroundings •roundiiKPs in in perfect ncf.-ct- order, and ...1 tlie'rai'u," . ljuite up to t he orthodox standard. " Depression " tor the nonce was a thing of tne past! mid although our New South Wales cousins did curry off a couple of the richest plums of the day, they carried tlie.m oil' fairly on their merits, rt'must b:,v,! 1)IM>U some sort of solace for the Vietorianbred " Sydneyite," Jiimny Monaghan. to spoil the Egyptians (so 1o speak), for the erstwhile BiV Lousdale-street boy (up near the corner of Queen" street) had been very expressive only a few days back as to the lack of patronage bestowed by y^torian owners and trainers on the principal fixtures at Randwick; and, in fact, he favoured me With a sort of covert hint that he himself was ' considerationfor some time to come after last Saturday's experiences, even although soine portion of the " masses" (and no inconsiderable portion eitlier) --/ did Hi.ijti* nasty —"J '"gs^uous suggestions to hi me tbe ards 1 as the Caulfield Cup winner was being • — - " -..:....„-. . . brought back to scale. However, " all's well that ends well;" and as the stewards were evidently of opinion that the inglorious display of Pari? in the Caulfield Stakes as compared with ' his brilliant exhibition in the. great mile and a-haif handicap of the Spring didn't call for any explanation —why, there you are—where -ire you? ,e Thkre can bo no two opinions but what Pjii-ij wou the Caulfield Onp with ridiculous ease; and us his friends hace always maintained that. ho is one of the most phenomena) "luih-rs" Unit ins ever appeared on a racecourse, in s(:uids t» reason that something untoward must liar.; happened to liiui the previous Saturday to have caused him to finish seventh in a field of thirteen in a woightfor-age event over a mile and a furlong. Of course it must be a very, very bad " delinquisbment." indeed, for which no excuse be offered in .. --.--• "" ••ai:uj<i- can nc oaereu in pal- Jiation—if not in jusf ifination ; and in Paris' ease 1 have been informed it was owiusr to the horso having " plafes " o;i ilie whole four feet that he didn't run up to his usual form on the openins dav : but. after the. inistaVe had been discovered , Thkbk is one umetold stick of „. a „ tnnnev out J^leminyton-way who sutmiied mi inciters very vow concisely for me last Friday uisrlit as we were proceeding home in the train. " What do you give it to now :-"' he queried, whilst we were chatting about the Cauliield Cup. " I have coine down to the conclusion that whatever beats Clonard will liiy answer, following it up with the interrogatory : " What is your special fancy ?" " Kit her Paris or Pygmalion." he replied ; " 1 like Paris because we haven't seeu him doinir anv of th ose ' flash ' gallops he indulged in this time last year." Aud. now the event is all over, that particular matter must, impress itself vividly ou tl\e minds of all the " horse-watchers " at Fleinington. Hut we, also, should have been wise before the event—it's no use now meditating on the fact that 2 and 11 make i. n„.,,, , , ,. , , i, ' J ? " " ' ^ " ^ l o u w that have ever be ' ...i 0 ™':,. l': ;t0! ; y ^ } r «to™> 1 ^ Z 1 ' " torting facts when I state t hat none have been more genuinely popular than the " French g "t.v;\,..,V and cardinal cap" of Mr. FitzM'i Mr. fitz^illiam ent. worth. Of course I mean someth •r "'lien I noininate " genuinelypopular. At various times certain, particular colours have been belauded with more fulsome adulation than has ever been bestowed ^on" tluise "of" the renerous New South Sportsman (in the grandest sense of the word); but, as agamst tliis, there have been other ' 0 8 « » * • T h ,,f Vi,„;, , - , , , l ' tv..o I .i / ^ ^nt.orU vl ' ^ ^ 1 w ^ ' a u ^ i , a t a , i d t , , e » " > = - ' ^ ™ > U t , , at that... No matter whether they had b,eked ^--"<>Mhe public wore always pleased to see For t . nne ™ one of the finest H T « J"? e r o r b w n in - prolonged cheering that greeted 0 S a S n a 4,10 N rSPrJ Httndi i - l«'r !" " ' - 40 M t'Ltwrn-tl? ^ ' T ^ ^ ^ r ; BV * i • , e a ' ^ P ,lr>;lias,>1 ' ^ Titan'taum X T f i U st! '" U .'I' ; h fnr "!' a " fl'at, whenever he w * " P 1,18 " , m d to f t h a t " filled bis eye money never stopped liim. In which ,!om , ™ tl0 " 1 W ' IJ narrate an episode which came " 10r ' J 'breotly under my ken. Let me see, T fancy ! " U1 ; i,een , .i»sfc after the Hawkes- ;> ur - v Au S ust •••>.->->•• meeting that uryjjpeu 1 was raw strolling jvihs along nor.-e l S- ' ilzaar i,stJerea t' 11 «'"- se « 5tl ®rae ' f ' l 't. racing and dropped stock put into up Kiss' to auction, horse ™^aar to see !ote some KuV,!llit w , racing l '" <1 stock put a up horse to auction. named Waxy (albeit not J. L. P.'s tripper), wlio had run remarkably well on the Clarendon course, and, being very lightly handicapped in the Melbourne Cup, '"! 1 ' was thought niou^ut tq t^ jjossess possess a second to none chance of carrying off that event. Consequently some inembei s of the "Ring" had a cut-in to nurchase him. and he mnck-K. mo to 1000 guineas ^t, At this ' s figure i<; it was '--onsidcred considered certain certain he he would would d .- , : o "' ,, D to gentlemen of 01 the nn; masric inaSTlC Circle, when all at once two neiv Richmonds came •'"VV-, "V7r. --• ,»™uiuuu» ra !" to tl,e ,n persons of Mr. FitKWilliain entworth and Captain Osborne; and when they commenced bidding the •• bookies " were joou out of the running. Rightly or wrongly, I came to the conclusion at the time (and have been of same opinion ever siuce( it was only . ' U) P reve,lt the metallicians becoming possessi'd ;ed of W a x y Mr. Wentworth and the gall captain i chipjjed L l in at all; , but, whether vuis this 1h so or not, after they had administered a knock-out blow to the fielders they went at it hauimer-andtongs between themselves. Hy golly ! You should have been there to see the fun ! Talk about excitement! Hy leaps of 50 guineas a (,,,„. Waxy advanced, until at last " One thousand nine hundred!" said Captain Osborne, "And fifty "' came tbe response from Mr. Wentworfh " two thousand !:' cried the Captain, i—m, aimyst amidst a perfect pcrfoc' tornado of cheers, which had 110 sooner subsided than calmly aud gently over the arena from the lips ot fitzVviiliam Weutworth came the words— " '1 wo thousand one hundred!" And that settled f.])e V j Z . , —, ' n race. J\ IL wnich rhodomontade has been brought about because I a u t e a M wanted to , bilorni " lorl » you y™ that Mr. Wont^a Wentwortli had ^liased "" ,,T Wanganella, the full sister fc to Marvel „ . . .7." -•••»•«->«--; 'ftst sslo of (by J) 1 M arvellous from J^a Belle) at the lai : Hobartville yearlings tor the sum of 1400 IJie Hobartville »— " - « 1,,Hl,as - ,,, . , . • r o fP p '' t tn Saturday's racing. ] may as K sera,ch u »»«'; so here goes. ' Mr Ir" " at ® on twlc competitors in hand , • « v "nt. " Maiden Plate, of a mile, " th e , ta1 e " t W " B of a unknown escription, J,u, the cue fact lact that mat Mr. MI-. W. w. Forrester's eroy candidate, Calculus (by 'I'renton from Rose- mary). being one of them causing that colt (who possesses a most prunoiinued " boko" of his own— a regular " Itomnn "affair) to lake up the position of first, favourite, he at one time, touching 5 1o i on. Subsequently, however, Mr. It. Chirn- Bide's adding, New Mann (by Newmiuster— Minnie), met. with some Victorian sunport down to 7 to 2, whilst Tasma was entrusted to win a moderate stake at 7 to J, the consequence heili"- that Calculus started at even money, Billv Lang's colt. coir, Prior' rrior (by (lly JJewminster JVewminster out of ol Prioress), carted the field along for three FurlontfB, whe.n Tasma assumed " ennitrmnd, the favourite laying abou:. fourth until just abont the distance, when J. t5ou^h made his effort, and comine- alnm* like n ,-.4 • •• .... iii hiii were quicKjy out of their suspense in this event, as the gelding yot left at the post—n misfortune which doesn't of((m befall Paddy ll'(3owan's mount. Thf. eighteen "babies" who tried conclusions over the Nursery Handicap distance, of four furJnngg and a-half, caused the starter a lot of trouble, and when he did despatch thorn on their journey the Ifon. W. A. Long's pair. Gloria, and Salutation, were completely out of the hunt. This was' unfortunate for the backers of Salutation, who had supported her till she shortened to o 1o 1, at which price Tom. Pay-ten's colt. Oiu-rawnnir. also fianred towards the'conclusion of the wagering, while Mucklebar and Wan-ranella started at 10 to ]. La Gloria, Mucklebar, Snuiniloquist and Wanganella were first away, Mucklebar rushing to tho front of the field after going a furlong, his more immediate attendants being Somniloquist, Wiing-auella, Sylvan Prince and La Gloria. At the home turn Wmig.'urella put in her claim, whilst Fairfield was Scried coming out of tho ruck, Somniloquist still keeping .her position—second. Tin's she maintained to the end, Wanganella proving victorious by a length and a-half; Fairfield agaiS filling the unenviable position of third-a length behind Walter Hicbenbctham's filly The Dauphine, Lucid, Vestatia, Sailor Prince and Octo coming next in order Tin.".5Ki3tc exactly Kjsec. to the furlon"-. k oetigona.l figure (S) was again in evidence their five furlong flutter; the event looking the best of gor>d things for Gladstone, seeing that he had only 7st. 91b. on his back. In fact. 1 was rather surprised to find that such liberal offers as '• level money " were floating around, seeing what mighty deeds Gladstone has achieved at times in .. .. slightly better company than selling^laiers Itadoo looked fairly good goods, and ut 3 to 1 h« T "[ Uh tt of ^ ^our, only one of the others to claim attention being Mr. Septimus Submission, about whom 5 and 6 to L i c t t t e M n \ ^ t ' f l d ^ front, but coming ''V' " ^ T^Submtesion and Badoo were on e,,ual terms in front, the favourite being fourth. Ray patiently bided his time on Submis". sum until roachius: the distance, when he let her out, and she sailed airily homea couple of leD"-ths ahead of ltadoo, who held half-a-length advantage of Gladstone, the latter beiua followed by Labour 'lime, h»in. 4-sen. On being submitted by auction Submission was boucht in at 4135. „, fiiEN we came to it! The Caulfield Cup no less • The race that everybody said last year the " Paris Push " liad committed a terrible bloom'e,. in not starting 1 1 1 for in 11 l J —i - ' preference 1 mrneaour: to the 1 Melbourne ill?'!y-two of Cup. tl K '"'; And what every a field man turned Jack of out! them—save Thirty-two aud of them perhaps, ; with every Tibin—supposed man Jack of them—save to have a show, aud lJufc j )nt (r'Naroo <''Naroo and Pygmalion Pvimii 1 were supposed —3 . to h;lv f 't'";' ,Pet s, ' ow J so consistently did the hlt "^"''J' -T . •' -' , " r Pygmalion ivu that raoi he Of quicklv IJUICHIV 8flnt SBHI H lrlc m ™ t!l ® rightabout in the market \- — ... >.,0 u.«™ quota- quouitions, and finished up a " d,jad equaller" with " « ,lr °o- -As a matter of course there is always " * r " i ' i iu the state of the odds in different l )ort,ons of <•'« paddock, bookmakers laying in !L e c0l'dance with tno state of their particular book but still the following seemed to me to be about but st.ill the fMm...-..1......! , , ..... . 1.. > . the correct, odds ou offer just before the flag fell: —5 to 1 each G'Naroo and Pygmalion; 10, Ulric- l:l, Paris; 14, Hopetoun; 2ii. Annesiey, Spokesman, Clonard, Glenloth and Fortuiiatus • 25 Theodore, Hartington and Althotas; with'from' 20 to So to one on offer about Yii'ran ; some of the books, indeed (such as Teddy West), meeting with individuals willing to accept 50 to The start was a pretty fair one for all but l J ilot Hoy. who was left at the post, Fortunatus, Pygmalion Duerow, Little Panne, Glenloth and Sword bearer «»>»£ amongst the firet to he set (Wing. Passing tiK! i,fJ1,, d J ' i »n?ebah held the pride of place S w ordbearer being only half a length behind liim' ^""""'H Coming to <•" the mile ••>"£ post. J-yginaliou Pygmalion shot to the ftvml- l.^lf J.L. . J. J " . . . ''' 0,it ' and ,v '"'" 'mlf thedistanco had been covered two lengths to the good, and, apijarently ttomg strong. Of the others. Pi goon toe and conspicuous, followed by Ulric. Approaching the urther improved his D ._to the turn for home ,, U P j«st to Pygmalion's girths, while bwordbearer was still a factor, lyin.r third • G Naroo, Clouard, Glenloth, Theodore and Paris pulling hot foot " after him. Turning into the straight, Pygmalion, G'Naroo, Clouard Ulric larran and Swordbearer singled themselves out tor a speewl effort, the result of which was that > lariun appeared to beat the others, and im- ! mediately a great outcry arose—" Yarran wins!" ham Cook s colt wins I" Just below the distance however, the colours of Paris nil at once became very pronounced, and with one lightning-like rush Ie he "ouude-l bounded to the front and ran home a ridiculous 1 y easy winner by two lengths Clonard a length away from Yarran, behind whom came, in procession, Theodore (4), l'yginalion (6), Forty Winks (<>)), Litigant (7). G'Naroo (8), Enuc (who had been dead last for some distance), Norbert, Swordbearer, Hartington, Ulric, Fortunatus and Hopetoun; the five whippers-in being Palliser, E.K., Spokesman, Bungebah and Sternchaser. Time, 2uiin. .'ISJeec.; or 2j sec. longer than G'Naroo achieved the record (for the race) in last year. PAHIS is a five-year-old gelding by Grandmaster from Enone, the dam being by Yattendon from imported Valetta. Last week Enone yielded up the ghost, and, of course, the believers in coincidences will at once connect the inglorious exhibition of Paris in the Cnulfield Stakes with his mater's demise immediately afterwards, 'yho knows? Perhaps she couldn't stand the . ignominy. Thank goodness there are some mortals who are made of 6tcrner stuff. FREEMAN, with 12st. 31b., and J. 13. Brewer in the saddle, looked such a. cert." for the three mile Steeplechase that backers tumbled over one another to take 2 to 1 iu a field of nine, and at last the books had to shorten a point to 7 to 4. The followers of Glasscock's stable pinned their faith to Pilot (11st. :11b.), and 3 to 1 was the best offer against the son of Priam when they were set agoing. The race was a complete chapter of accidents, no less than lire falling duiing the voyage; Freeman coming down at the fence at the top of the hill the second time round, whilst Egyptian, who was going well, blundered at the last obstacle. Pilot clouted the second of the treble opposite the stand very heavily, and but for "Paddy" Bolger's display of horsemanship be would have been unseated. After this, however, he fenced in first-class style, and eventually won 'by fifteen lengths from Kalydor, with Esmond a chad third and Rgbecca fourth. Time, (Jmin. ^IS^sec. kl THE Windsor ,, „ Handicap, .. of six . furlongs, brought • n •• £he Caulfield Cup Meeting of 1K!»2 to a close, a geld of nineteen sporting silk for the dash. Of fthese Ascot Vale (Uto 1) Lord Hopetoun (4 to 1) *nd Gresford (o to 1) found most favour with packers, albeit both The Doctor and Berrigan were far from being neglected. The favourite £ot well away when the flag fell, and making every furlong post a winning post, lie won with the greatest of ease by a length aud a-half from Berrigan, who in turn was three parts of a length |n advance of Lord Hopetoun, with Cooya fourth tod Gresford fifth. Time, lmin. ITsee. ? IT will be remembered that Attalus was unfortunate enough to break a blood vessel whilst running extremely well in the late A.J.C. Derby. iccording to "Quiz" a mysterious rumour was torrent in Sydn,y last w^k the effect that Attains, by Welcome Jack from Signora, . l had i performed a sensational gallop over the Derby Bourse at Randwick in the early morning. Now Authentic news has been received that the performance of Mr. Dangar's colt with Oxide aud Bonour Bright was far from satisfactory. As to Hie colt having run 1J mile with its Derby weight I)) in 2min. 42sec., that part of the story is all noonsliine. He appears to have thoroughly ^covered from the mishap he met- with when (inning so well in the recent A,.1,0. Derby at landwick. Attalus is a good colt, and. if he seps well, will run respectably iu the Y.R.C ferby. TOUCHING that American episode I gave in full ist week it appears that the wheels on the sulky rawn • by Nancy - Hanks in ber world's - •• recordreaking trot at Chicago, on the 17th August, jcre bicycle wheels, having ball-bearings aud fcosepipo" inflated tires. The reason why this yky enabled the horse to break previous records is because the ball bearings reduced to a iuimuin the friction of the wheels, aud the yiber tires gave better traction. Nine days |er, at Independence (Iowa), Nancy Hanks pin lowered the world's record for a mile trot Jin this occasion to 2min. 5|sec. According te jj great American authority "Hidalgo," the jise of all this fast time is a new-fashioned sulky, ,Ting ball-bearings to the axles and pneumatic •es like those of a bicyle. The driver is away up jtlie air like in the common sulky, but the feels are only 30in. in diameter. The board of ftsore have refused to allow them to be used in jtests between horses as j'et, .is there is mors Biand than supply, but the next year or theone lowing will see them in general use. Australia, up to the present, we have never »i able to clip 1 min. 40see. for a mile with all { so-called " flying machines." liecently in (erica Kildeer, a big brown filly by Darebin Bi Lew Lanier, carried 8st. 41b. aud ran the Sight mile at Longbranch ill lmin. 37sec., jfch is the fastest mile ever run between horses, lator covered the same ground in lmin. 351 „„,„„ „ , , , , •• ~ , years ago, but lie only carried 7st. 101b„ and against time She beat a field of eight horses, | it _ you make the __ allowance for sex (51b.), she lally |)ace was gave not Salvator fast in the 111b. first At quarter, the same but time th |half-mile is stated to have been a regular pne. 