Topics ol the Times. (By a Melbourne Scribe.) The presence of tbe "barracker" is most powerfully felt at football matches. The term is generic as applied to llie peculiar patron of that particular line of sport, and t.lift nlinnvimifi nprsnmi.<ro 1v»k lipcnmp in a certain extent a power and — for all li'.era- live and truthful purposes also a putres cence. For truly he smells in the nostrils of all decent folk who raiv patronise the football in itches any Saturday in the season. If bis retinae is not ragged, it is for the most an aggregation of temporarily emancipated clerks who have been from duty and have got 'boosed' to celebrate the fleeting festival. Under other circum stances, these clerical persons would be have themselves iu a gentlemanly fashion, but actuated by the scandalous snrrouud ings, they elect to carry on to a disgraceful degree. Their principal motive is "show off." However, thsy "reckon without their i host," and, as a consequence are some times brought to their bearings. A recent case of football principles having to suffer by legal adjudication will stand as a case iu proof on the other side. TOE BRUTAL BARRACEER. He's a fearful foul-roouthe 1 fellow, With complexion dirty yellow, A hulking, howling, hare-brained hobblede hoy. He's a frantic football follower, A harum-scarum holloacr. Who sets out with a purpose to aunoy. His lungs are blowing — blaring With cursing and with swearing. His partisanship of judgement quite devoid. In fact, who goes " a barrackin'," Just proves himself a larrikin, Bat we'll squelch him and be not by him : annoyed; IVe are not setting out to write up this par in the interests of any speculator, but we have been amused by the rivalry of two agents who aspire to run a certain alleged Hygienic cure-all in this city They have appealed to the law courts, each as lo his right, which, if either has any, will damage the general cause Accounts are called for — bad sign — aud Altogether there is au air of "mixed- nped- ness." There never can be au universal Cure, and any one at' erupting to foist such qpsn the public must be prepared for any amount of antagonism and through him self should avoid it altogether. When you get into the box and are mayliap ques tioned by Dr Madden or Mr. J. L. Furves, yon are apt to cut a sorry figure, and the nose of the public gets inflated an i sniffs largely as to the facts bearing upon your nostrum. If. you're inclined for betting, then ahorse you'll back, But it you're undlplomatd t'.en you'll turn a quack, With alverti6-ments extensive, So spacious and extensive, Yon prove that oi disb irsement you have no goad lack, , Frequent changes are perforce the order , of the day, and, for that matter, the night — especially at each one of the theatres. Bland Holt has departed to Adelaide with his company, au I, as pre dicted by this scribe, the Theatre Boyalis now subjected to openings at intervals. At the Opera House, the thread of con tinuity is threatened iviih severance, des pite previous preamble, and the daily advertisements are of no avail to the art ful. Brough and B mcicault are laboring to bolster up public support by weekly substitutions of bills, but the feathers of their bolster are not of a substantial nature, and it remains a qnestiou of whether ilieir business can bo paying or if they are paradoxes of pluck under adverse circumstances. George Rignobl is retiring from the arrive control of tlie Princess' Theatre, after a season that has not proved profitable, and following him llie part owner of the property, J. C. Williamson, will step in and resume management by introducing a revival of "The Silver King." This piece brought additional fortune to the firm of W.G. & M. in 1888, when it was orignaliy produced on the the 27t!i October of that year. The burlesque season of the London Gaiety Troupe at the Opera House is drawing to a close and it uny be remarked that noth ing like the interest and excitement atten dant on tlie former visits of the Gaitv Theatre contingents has been shown to wards tbe present "push.', You can't get a Fred Leslie and a Neliy Farrcn every day. Goodness knows what is going to be done with tho Theatre Roy?!. It is now closed, aud its re-opening is a matter of vague probability. Altogether 4he share holders have had a rough time of it and wish they had invested money in a better " spec." The Alexandra is being kept open by a co-operative company, who present old-fashioned ' molo-draina to scanty audiences. The Cogill Bros., at the bt. treorge s Hall, are doing excellent busiuess, in fact the best in town fin the theatrical line, so the luck of llie Adelphi has changed for tbo better. Some two years ago, they went ont of the same place penniless and had to seek the protection of the Insolvency Court. They emerged from that triumphantly, the ju Ige grant ing tliem an unconditional certificate. ; TIst Victoria Hall is now used as a Gospel: tent, and the clang of the hones aud tambourines no longer resound within its walls. Dan Treacey's Co. are pegging away at tlie Gaiety Theatre and meeting with a fair amonnt of patronage. Des pite the prevailing dullness of the limes, the managers contrive to keep np a weekly appearance of "the ghost" which walks regularly. 