Ir tbe progrr-ss of African discovery durino; the present century hears creilitable testimony to the fen* scores of energetic and self-sacrificing nieu who have devoted themselves to the cause of scieucc, it i.s certain that the present chaotic condition ol the Dark Continent is a standing reproach to tiio. grei:-], the cruelty aud the hypo crisy of the Cli'i.stian powers Hav ing exhausted ingenuity in devising engines ol destruction against each other, ami carried their preparations for a war ol mutual annihilation to a point of forwardness that hai-pily defeats its own end. they have trans ferred their insane rivalry to a larger field, and, by partitioning the popu lous home o( the .-Ktbiopic family ainoug each other, are consigning that much wronged section of man kind to a degree of suffering com pared with which all its previous ivofs w-;in light. With the exception of a few limited strips of frontage west and south of Cape Ouardafui the whole of rlie A/Vicaii coast lioe is now not. only mapped out itjto a series of possessions or protectorates representative of the leading Euro pean nations hut actually under occupation and to some extent ad ministration l-y their emissaries. Portugal originally started the game hy appropriating all the west coast south of tiie Bight of liiafra and such portions of the Hist Coast a-s lay over Hgainst Madagascar. Holland then (it id violent IiKuriK oh rhe Cape terri tory, the responsibility for which act as well as the Kafir wars that engross so large a portion of Uu records, has been iiiherituil by Kngland. The slave trade and, laU;r on, the pre tence of abolishing it dotted all the liuiuea Coast, from the Senegal to the Xiger, with a string of multitu dinous forts and factories reprcsen lutivc! of almost every Kuropean nation, liusMa alone, perhaps, ex cepted. This rosary of ebony beads has been subject to numerous ex changes and readjustments, and Kng UunVu comuiuiKling slake l)wr-:in Una been the cause of more than one Ashantec war aud Dahomcau diplo malic encounter. Kor, tiu it noted, that the 'civilising influences' of Christianity on tte sea board re mained, mid still remain consistent with the existence — a few uiiles inUnd— with the most blood thirsty despoiisiugand unmitigated savagery that the world, grown grey in deeds o( cruelty, has yet witnessed. Many I years nfter these preliminary spolia tions, the discoveries of Livingstone, nnd the establish me tit of mission si ut ions about. Lake NyaHsa, led to the extension of British interests northward from Natal, to collisions with Portugal, the establishment of n protectorate over Zanzibar and the partitioning of the territories lying north 01 that unwholesome sultanate, between Kugluml :-nd Germany. MoantvliiU. France had firmly planted herself on the Gaboon sharing fraternally with Portugal the almost uulroddou wilderness extending irom that pestilential river to the mouth of the Congo, so licit by the time the. mysteries of that main artery of equatorial Africa had been probed mid the territory watered by it thrown open to civilised ''enter prise,' the key to the position had been tnrnod iu the lock aud drawn, and five aeoess to the long hidden watn way was not finally established without long and tedious negotiation. Some time beforothis, however, Herr Luderit/. under the auspices of the German Empire, had established himself ou the coast of Xaiuarjua land, between Cape Colouy aud Por tuguese Angola, and ou tbe principle that appetite comes with eating, the grand sanatorium of the Cameroons, that volcanic range that rises from the swamps of the Niger to a sheer height of r_'.Oi)t) feet, was likewise placed under the German Uag. thus completing the ring tence of 'civilis ing' influences now impartially drawn round the African interior aud beckoning civilisations ou to further triumphs. The latter came in the shape of a 'Conga Free State,' launched wirh a tremendous flourish of trumpets and supposed to be a| joint experiment on the part of all . Europe to bring light, order, peace, ' and prosperity into the vast area of territory over which it (on paper) extends. As a guarantee of freedom from the prepouderaut influence of auy of the greater powers, it was placed uuder the sovereignty of the weakest aud most distinctly neutral of them all. Little Belgium, how ever, soou found the task of 'develop- ing resources'7 in Conga laud one of more honor thau profit, and by the time t'jat Kiug Leopold had 'in- vested' a large portion of his private fortune in preliminary contouring for a Conga Valley railway, the much vaunted Free State, that was to re generate Africa, if not the world, had become hopelessly insolvent. And here comes in tbe application of our parable. The ostensible motive for all European interference with Africa, from the earliest date at which such interfence is traceable, has consistently and invariably been the abolition of that generic institu tion ot slavery which keeps so large an area of the continent plunged in chronic barbarism. The de scendants of those Spaniards, Frenchmen, Englishmen, and Portu guese, who successively embarked iu the trade in human flesh (or the benefit of their American pos sessions are endeavoring or pretend ing to endeavor to lay after a fashion, the ghost that their forefathers raised three centuries ago. As the West African slave-trade is assumed to be dead, and even the faintest whisper of its continued existence would scan d.ilise the hypocritical respectability of western (Europe, few it any details concerning it have of late years been allowed to gain publicity ; any unto ward accident ol that sort of being al ways the signal for a general and thoroughly impartial whitewashing by the combined European press of any nation on whom suspicion had been wickedly thrown. To divert at tention from the notorious man-hunts of Dahomey and Asbantee, carried on under the very nose of the British and other authorities at Whydah, Elniiua, Cape Coast Castle, &c.;, and from similar questionable doings in which European officials are them selves implicated, a great outcry is raised about the slave- raids alleged to he continually carried on by Arab traders from the East coast, and harrowing word -pictures are blaz oned forth of the desolation aud depopulation caused by these monsters in human form. Without going into the question as to how far European diplomacy, by interfering with the mild system of domestic servitude that prevails in the Turkish Empire and other Muhatuedan coun tries — a system formerly supplied from Upper Egypt and the adjacent countries — may be responsible for the increasing prevalence and cruelty of these slaving expeditions into the more distant interior, one may fairly remark on the absurdity and incon sistency of two powers like England aud Oerraauy' claiming to exercise authority over the whole extent of coast whence slaves are shipped, aud yet being unable to appreciably check the odious traflic. But the anomaly becomes yet greater when we find the authorities of the Congo i'Yee .State, in the establish, ment of which England took so conspicuous a part, not only in actual league with 'Tippu Tib,' one of the most promincut of the Arab slave-traders — who, by way ol showing their appreciation of the compliment in 1880 broke up the Free .Stale trading station at Stanley Falls— but entering into agreemeuts with the sultans of Ashantec, Dahomey, aud similar barbarous states ut the rear of the Guinea Coast for :i supply of what are sweetly terniod 'hiborers.' These 'laborers' who arc intended to build the Congo Valley railway, which the natives of said valley decline to have anything to do with, can only be obtaiued iu one way — they have to be caught. The process of ' engagement' is tbe old lamiliar one of surprising villages by night, gagging and carrying off the able bodied men, and cutting the throats of any feeble folk, women and children who venture to protest too noisily at the intrusion, lilu Majesty of Ashantoo is at this moment engaged in a conflict with some of his rebel lious subjects on this very account, and the Belgian railway engineers on the Congo are consequently at a standstill for want of navvies. 