(Written^expressly forThe Illustrated Sydney News. All Rights Reserved.) THE " SILKY " SPECTRE OF DENTON HOUSE. " IT ÍB just out of the town, madam," said the driver of the coach to its occupant. "You will be there in less than half-an hour." " You are quite sure," asked the young lady (whom we will call Barton), " you know Denton House ? " "Know the Hall? I should say so!" was the confident reply. " Let me alone : we'll be there quick enough." Miss Barton said no more. She resumed her seat in the vehicle, reassured. Her drive had already lasted some hours ; the road was not in first-rate condition. She was only eighteen years of age, and, though not inclined to be timid or nervous,, was afraid that the coachman had lost his way. She was about to visit her friends, relatives of the former owner of the Hall, named Montague, whose ancestor had been the husband of the famous Mistress Eliza- beth Montague, the friend of Goldsmith, Garrick, Doctor Johnson, and such literary celebrities. Pondering upon her reception, and an- ticipating the ball that was to be given a day or two after her arrival, Miss Barton sat quietly in her chaise (or coach), and ere long was rewarded for her patience by the sight of the house. It is an old Elizabethan mansion-for it exists still-situated a few miles from Newcastle, not far from the course of the Wall of Severus, of the stones of which, if tradition be true, the first ancient mansion was built. The histories of Northumber- land and Newcastle give us many interest- ing particulars concerning the house and its associations. It stands on rising ground, and is very solidly built. It possesses three gables, the walls being much overgrown with ivy. Many of the windows, Miss Barton remarked, looked like embrasures, while the massive1 ap- pearance of the embattled chimneys seemed to impart to the house the character of a castle. There were and may still, be traces of the moat, the side of which forms the terrace and orchard. The venerable trees were inhabited by a colony of rooks. Our traveller managed to take in these details ere she alighted at the doorj and was hospitably welcomed by the inmates. They were naturally much sought after in the country, and many friends were in- vited, and invited them with their guests. Miss Bartonwas conducted up-stairs by her hostess m person, who was, as every good hostess is, desirous to see that every thing had been prepared for her young friend. " I hope you will like your chamber," ehe said, as they ascended the old stair- case. *' 1 have given you a very celebrated room. It was formerly occupied by no less a personage than Dr. Johnson." "Indeed! I am sure I shall be very pleased to occupy such a fine apart- ment." " It has the prettiest view of . all our present guest chambers," continued her hostess; "but the interior is somewhat dark. You wilt not mind, I am sure ? " " Of course not," replied the girl gaily. " The trees shade it a little, but I think it will suit you nicely. You are not nervous, I think ?" " Not the least," said Miss Barton, with a smile. " I am quite safe, and shall be very comfortable here, thank you.". The ladies entered the apartment as this was said, and Miss Barton had no reason to change her opinion. She felt it rather an honor to be placed in the room of the great man of whom she had read so much, and she looked down upon the path beneath the trees, known,; at " Doctor Johnson's Walk," with much interest. Her hostess pointed out to her the book- case and writing-desk used by the famous doctor, and having thus exhibited the " lions," she left her young guest to pre- pare for dinner. Miss Barton dressed, and amused herself in examining the apart- ment, speculating, as was her custom, up- on the past and future. She was recalled to consideration of the prosent by the dinner bell, which sent a loud, resounding summons through the old mansion. Guests came tripping downstairs to the drawing-room, introductions were effected, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. Miss Barton was interested by her host, who, perceiving that she was fond of antique records and antiquarian research, took pains to inform her concerning the mansion, its foundation, and the grants of land obtained from Edward II. by John de Denton. He then told her how the Monks of Tynemouth came into possession of it, and how a secret underground passage communicated with the Priory; the subsequent succession of the Erringtons, and, later on, the family of Rogers, until the Montagues came into possession. In the hands of their descendant, Lord Kokeby; it remains. " There are many curious incidente con nected with the house," concluded her kindly entertainer^ " Some day we will tell you about them. You have had . sufficient antiquarianism for one evening." A couple of days passed pleasantly, and then the ball occupied attention. This dance was given, by a family. " in the ? neighbourhood, and thereto a little romance attaches. Whether by accident or design ; on his pr her friend's part, Miss Barton there met a gentleman who had already ; been somewhat attentive to her. As she entered the ball-room, he recognised her, and during the evening, she says, he made it perfectly weil understood that he hoped and wished her to be his wife. ; This was such a delightful incident in _ the already pleasant, entertainment that Miss Barton returned with her friends in a very happy and contented frame of mind, j She did not notice the gloom of the apart- ment. The candles gave her plenty of ? light, and when she had partly unrobed she seated herself in one of the antique carved chairs near the fire which her thoughtful hostess had provided, and commenced to brush out her hair. The hour was not late. The dance had begun and ended in good time, and two o'clock had not struck as Miss Barton proceeded rather mechanically to brush her hair. Her thoughts werie full of the happiness she had experienced. She was ruminating upon the ball, the . splendor pf the house at which it had been held, the lavish display of wealtB, and., the fortunate meeting amid such worthy, surroundings. Miss Barton fell into kv reverie, but aroused herself with a start as the. fire fell noisily and brought her to earth again from the " castle in the air" which she had been constructing. The young lady was about to turn to her mirror, when, raising her head from the thoughtful attitude ft had assumed, she perceived sea ted opposite to her, on the othèr side of the tiled fireplace, an elderly lady of remarkable appearance. She occupied another of the high-backed chairs, and was dressed in a flowered satin gown of somewhat ancient fashion. The ma- terial was very shiny and stiff. The visitant wore a "stomacher," and a satin hood of curious shape and sheen, like' the dress, but of darker material, which had the stiffness of whalebone-a curious feature which puzzled Miss Barton not a little. On her,: wrinkled fingers the old lady wore several costly rings. Her age, bf course, could only be conjectured, bub it was great. Her face was much wrinkled, and wore a severe expression, but her appearance denoted nothing alarming. She sat perfectly quiet,»and Miss; Barton, for the moment, fancied that she was the old housekeeper waiting to assist the guest at at her toilette. Miss Barton stared at the old dame with some persistency, and the latter returned the scrutiny, but did not wait to be spoken to. She addressed the girl in the familiar, half-whispered style which many aged people adopt when speaking to young girls. She seemed, to be * impatient and annoyed, for her aged fingers twitched and her head frequently moved, which, in the old, indicates excitement. " Well, young lady," remarked the mysterious visitor,f "so you've been to yonder Hall tó-night, and mightily you've been pleased. Ah I If you oould see as I see, and could know as I know, I con tell you your pleasure would abate pretty quickly.'' Miss Barton still stared in surprise at this exordium, but made no reply. The old dame resumed in the same strain : " Ah ! Let those who know not the past admire the present. 'Tis well, may- hap, that you see not with my eyes I " Miss Barton here remarked that her visitor had peculiar eyes, which were small and gray in tone, but which flushed in a strange way as she continued to speak in the same severe manner. "You enjoyed the bravery there! It's well for you and for them who count not the cost. There was a time when the master would not be ruined in England by his hospitality and guests ; but that's all vanished now. Pride and Poverty ! Pride and Poverty ! An ill- matched pair, Heaven knowB." She paused, and Miss Barton, taking her courage in both hands, replied in the same tone : " And are we so much poorer than in the olden days ?" The old lady seemed very much startled at the question, or at the sound of the -voice, i She made no direct answer, but continued in monotonous tones : " Ay, Pride and Poverty ! I said. It was bad enough when the rush was on the floor, the tapestry on the wall, the table groaning under venison and boar, and the home-brew and red wine in horn and goblet. . 'Twas not all hollowness then, though what seemed was y the land was the lairds. ; It's all hollow yonder j all false, false, false. All whited sepulchres, young lady. Whited sepulchres ! I tell you, you tread on ashes. Beware! Trust not them-they are Dead Sea fruits ; your merchant's apeing aristocracy. Fair though it seems, it is but the result of disease, like the pearl in your hair yonder, in the mirror-" Miss Barton says that at this peculiar remark, she turned instinctively to look at the glass, and when she again looked at the fire-place, the spectre-if spectre she fancied it-had disappeared. But as she gazed round the room she plainly heard the rustling of silken or ? itin robes, as if the old lady were leaving the apartment or had already quitted it. A gentle sound as of footsteps seemed also audible ; but the door remained closed, and nothing was visible. Then the possibility of some strange apparition came rushing into Miss Barton's mind. She uttered a loud scream, and rushed to the door, which she found locked. She felt very faint, and sank down incapable of giving any further alarm.. Nothing more occurred to frighten or to disturb her. The rest of the night passed quietly, but the appearance of the lady and her ominous words prevented sleep for some time after her disappearance. At length repose came, and when Miss Barton awoke next morning she distinctly re- membered the events of the night, and made up her mind to communicate them to her. host and hostess on the first opportunity. They listened to her story with the closest attention, but neither smiled nor ridiculed, her. On the contrary, they seemed impressed by the narrative, and when the young lady had finished the relation of her. curious experience, ber host, glancing at his wife, gravely assured her that this was by no means -the first . ?. ? v .'. ..' !.''; >?} iii 7; :. jj. ' (.?.:; i ; *.Í>V ::ïr; = . J:. '?: time that the apparition had visited the Hall. ^ " Some of pur guests/': continued, he, " have actually quitted the house in con- sequence of .the old lady's visits. Even our servants, who, fortunately, are not. often disturbed, have sometimes left us for the same reason. You are not, afraid P" "No," replied Miss Barton, after a pause. " The figure cannot harm me, can it?» ; _ ' .. \ '.Oh,* dear not " said her hostess, re- assuringly. " We take no notice of the old lady ; we are quite accustomed to her, and even are interested in her movements., Those who have lived here any length of time never see her now." " Then she only appears to warn new- comers ? " asked Miss Barton. '.Precisely. And then only occasion- ally. I venture to say that you will not see her again." "Yes," continued her host. "When we first came into this part of . the country, we understood that the house was ' haunted.' Everyone knowns that it's no secret. I wonder that you did not hear it. We never think about it. We call her ' Silky,' because pf the rustling noise she makes when she moves." " Very well," replied Miss Barton. " If this be so, I need not be alarmed. But if I changed my room ?" "If you please ; but I am fully con- vinced that you will not see Madam * Silky ' again during your stay." " But what is the secret of her coming ? There is surely some legend attached to the house : some tradition which will in some measure account for the ghost --if it be one." " You were not asleep, were you ? " asked her hostess. " N^p, certainly not. I am as positive as I can be that I did see the old lady. She said much that I cannot remember, but she certainly complained of the style in which your friends were living, and implied that disaster would fall upon them ere long. * Whited sepulchres' she called them." " indeed," remarked the gentleman. " But please tell me the secret," said Miss Barton, seeing her host had become very thoughtful. " What is the tale ? " " I cannot tell it all," he replied. " It is of a nature which you need not fathom, Let it suffice for me to say that there veas a story of a young girl whose confidence was betrayed by an elder sister. Th« result of this conduct was most unfortu- nate. The younger sister was deceived . and betrayed both by her lover and hei sister. The result you can imagine! Ruin and disgrace fell upon the young girl, and the old dame who had persécutée1 her, how under the name of. * Silky,' it doomed to wander around the old house tc warn others, mayhap." Miss Barton blushed furiously. Thif emotion did not escape the notice of he] friends, who wondered at it, and could nol divine the reason of the blush. The younj lady was compelled to admit the attentioni paid her the previous evening, and« he: hostess congratulated her. " I think you need not fear Silky's inter ference in your concerns, my dear, if th« gentleman is all you say. But perhapi you will be more restful in another room I will see what will be best." . During the course of the day the g ir was moved into another apartment, ii which she had the companionship of on of the daughters of the house. Here ther was no disturbance, but the resident of tb Hall deolared that she had no fear " ' Silky ' often came, but never hur anyone," she said to Miss Barton " so yoi may sleep in peace." A few years afterwards Miss Barton wa married to the husband of her choice She never again encountered '* Silky/' bu her prophecy came true. The warninj came to pass. The host bf the gram entertainment did not long survive the fal of his house. He quitted the old Hall ii which the ball had been so splendidly kep up. Strangers occupy it, " and," write Miss Barton, sadly, " I have myself loni ceased to think of such scenes as I partooi of that evening-the envied object o the attentions of one whose virtues hav survived the inheritance to which b seemed destined." The warning of "Silky apparently did not prevent the marriage but the young gentleman lost his inheri tance and the succession which he counte his own. After the death of Mr. Montague, Dei ton Hall remained empty, says Mr, Ingran whose information is derived from the next : «coupant family, whose representa- tives still inhabit it. We are informed on this authority that the mysterious guest is fully believed in, not only by the residents of the house, but by those in the neighbor- hood. People of position in the, county credit the apparition of " Silky," and some, later occurrences would seem to confirm these beliefs, w^ich tend to the tradition that "Silky " strangled her; sister to avoid family scandal of another kind, and hence she is doomed to wander for ever around the house in which the terrible deed was committed. ¡This spectre does not only make its presence manifest by night. It is said at times to utter sounds and warnings even to people beyond the precincts of the old Hall. Miners have stated that they have owed their lives in the pits to the old woman (sometimes known as old Barberry, or Barbara), who has appeared and given them warning of impending danger. But whether this be so or not, there seems no room for doubt but that " Silky " is in the habit of visiting the apartments " An elderly lady of remarkable appearance" in Denton Hall, and at no distant date she : has been seen there. Residents and temporary guests have seen her " flitting " along the passages, up the stone stair- cases, and outside the house in the shady walks. An anecdote is related that on one occasion Madam " Silky " alarmed one of the female domestics very much. This was an old nurse, we are told, who was about to enter, one of the upstairs rooms, when to her consternation the doorway was suddenly blocked up by the figure of the old lady in her rustling brocade. Whether anything supervened upon this appearance we have not heard. The nurse did not enter. On another occasion the " Silky " appar-. ition glided into a bedroom, and seized the sleeping inmate by the hand. The sleeper was immediately drawn to the side of the bed, and when morning came, the painful clasp was perfectly , perceptible to the feelings.. The pain did not entirely depart for some days. These or other manifesta- tions haye been often succeeded by death, or other misfortune. .Sometimes, on the contrary, a piece of good luck comes to pass ; but it is remarkable that on every occasion on which Madam " Silky " has made her presence felt or apparent, something out of the common has happened. In 1884 we read, from undoubted evi- dence, that " Silky " took a sudden freak to move the furniture, or, rather, she made a pretence of doing so, for the furniture was not moved at all. But the sounds were distinctly heard, and " something was apparently dragged through two un- occupied rooms, down a flight of stairs io a window, which was flung open." The statement of the occupant goes on to relate how at Denton Hall instances have occurred of visitors having been BO frightened as never to have returned to the house, a notable instance having oc- curred about fifty years ago, when two sisters of Macready, the famous actor, who were guests, came down one morning to breakfast, and requested to be sent from the house at once, declaring that they would never revisit it. But they could never be persuaded to tell what had alarmed them. That they were terrified there was no doubt ; but perhaps " Silky " had threatened them. At any rate, they departed. Other instances have been deposed to, and, we daresay, other cases besides those already given can be found. We have said enough, however, to interest those who are willing, or, who are admitted to the Hall, to see the haunted chamber or to see the ghost of " Silky." The lady whose narrative we have already given concludes by saying : " It is many, many years since I saw the scene of the adventure, but I have heard that since that- time the same mysterious visitings have been more than once renewed, that midnight curtains have been drawn by an arm clothed in rustling silks, and the same form, clad in dark brocade, has been seen gliding along the dark corridors of that ancient gray and time-worn mansion, ever prophetic of death or misfortune." Fortunately, the figure has not invari- ably brought evil on the house, and we may be permitted to express a sincere hope that her dangerous visitations have for ever ceased, and that she may only bring happiness and prosperity to old Denton Hall for the future, evermore). , r But Denton stands not alone in its glory of Silky Spectre. At a village called Heddon, or Black Heddon, some forty years or so ago, a similar spectre haunted the neighborhood, and was even instru- mental in leading one Hopples, a farmer, to riches, and since the discovery of the treasure the restless sprite has remained quiet. This Silky seems to have been .rather a mischievous thing, and extremely annoy-, ing, especially to, persons on horseback, behind whom, like Black Care, she would. . seat herself in rustling garments. At. another village a few miles away she often appeared at night, breaking the trees or hewing at the "stately monarchs of the grove." There are numerous records of her spritely doings. Horses, we understand, are of all animals those most sensitive to her appearance, and she plagues them accordingly. The legend concerning her appearance is that she was anxious to dis- cover the whereabouts of a hidden treasure, V> . ... .... ; . :f, . ». . and one night some heavy ' body dropped through the ceiling of a house in Black Heddon. On being examined the " body " was found to be a dog's skin full of gold pieces, ; and the family already named, in whose house the incident happened, was enriched.. ' From that night this particular member of the Silky family has never been seen in that region. [The Australian rights of this story have been purchased by the Proprietors from Messrs. Cassell and Co., London.] " Wronged, or Pedro the Torero," is a story of Spanish love, heroism, and romance, by Charles H, Eden (published by Eden, Remington, and1 Company, of London and Sydney). The novel is writ- ten in a vivid style, and. every point of a thrilling plot is carefully sustained. The description of the shipwreck painted in the first chapter is intensely dramatic and complete. The story is stirring through- out, and the passion and devotion of the Spanish race are depicted in a thousand happy touches. Mr. Eden must be con- gratulated on the production of another book. His " In the Bear's Grip," " Aus- tralia's Heroes," and " Queer Chums," are well known in this country, and his friends will be glad to .notice that his style has strengthened and his imagination has developed with time. "A Debt of Honor," by Mabel Collins (Eden, Remington, and Co., London and Sydney, publishers), is a - pretty story of good old gossip. The interest centres round a certain lady Av nea, who marries a Puritanical squire of great beauty of form and character. She is brilliant and beau- tiful, and her brothers are wicked and bad and fiery, and get drunk promiscuously, and make the midnight hideous with their wails. They also get entangled in the love matters, and are the despair of the pretty girls and the maids of the house- hold. But they die off suddenly. The various chapters are held together by a thread of love, and the voluptuous sigh of the first page is reechoed to the passionate de- nouement. The only son of the lady Agnes falls in love with a sweet private barmaid. He also gambles, and more than once makes an ass of himself. lt may be mentioned that there is nothing to prevent any well- regulated schoolgirl from reading this collection of fiction. # * * Thirty millions of roubles are needed to supply seed wheat for the Russian famine districts. So terrible has been the pres- sure of want that nothing that could be eaten has been left. The announcement speaks volumes to those who can understand its meaning,' after distress which has visited Holy Russia during the last two seasons. Even now, if the money is spent and the seed supplied-two things quite open to doubt under present Russian departmental administration-it is still more than doubtful how much would be sown and how much used for food. 