FIELD SPORTING The Brisbane Hounds. BY DRAGON. Mr. Echlin was happy in his choice of the line of country hunted over on Saturday, inasmuch as it was entirely now to everybody taking part in the chase, and consequently a pleasant change, for suitable oountry within easy access of the metropolis is not by any means plentiful for our modeet one day a week, and a diversion such as the hunt on Saturday pro vided was greedily relished by our local Nirnrods. The meet was at Cooper's Plains Railway Station, on the South Coast line, and when the master made a move with the paok he was attended by a tolerably good field. After trotting along the road in the teeth of a blinding shower, the hounds threw off olose to Sunny bank, and went into the saw-mill paddook olose by down the line. They ran through a couple of open fields, when they turned to the right and ran across the Runcorn-road, just below the ohurch, where an awkward double presented itself to their followers. Going in a southerly direction for a little while they again turned in, and oircling a bit they orossed several small properties, and again struck the Runcorn-road, crossing it noar the station bearing that name. Wheeling rightwards they ran parallel to the line through Williams's nursery lands, and con tinued on in the direction of Kurraby, where they eventually oheoked for fifteen minutes. Walking for some little distance along a by road leading to the Beenleigh and Waterford road they were thrown into some open country, and shortly brought the field to a couple of big fences in the vicinity of Daly's, and skirting that homestead ran down the lovely slope of the Red Hill alongside, and crossed the Been leigh-road at its foot, where an ugly fence was met, whioh ono " straight goer" found to his cost— An awkward piece of timber, stiff and new; No other place will do but this alone; No choice is left, go at it, or go home. He went at it; his horse blundered and peoked badly. The ever ready waterhole was there—so were the horse and the rider, and the latter subsequently went home a dirtier, wetter, and let me hope a happier man. Across the road they went, the hounds working beautifully, every nose to the ground. They ran through- Mr. Walter Hill's property, heading for the Eight- mile Plains. They then wheelod to the right and recrossed the main road a mile below the post office, and ran for a mile south-easterly through some light timber. Bringing round again through numerous fields, thoy ran on to Baker's, where, I afterwards discovered, " the drag " got bushed. Finding his way out after giving the field a little extra measure, he emerged on to the road in front of the Eight mile Plains Inn, where they ran into him, thus concluding a very nice run. Amongst those who were out on Saturday, the master was on Pilot, Mr. White on Ruction, Mr. Lambart on Stella, Mr. G. Baynes on Fairfield, Mr. B. E. Fenwiok on Spondnlix, Mr. Trude on Hero, Mr. A. Barker on The Druid, Mr. H. Goggs on Topper, Dr. Scholes on The Ghost, Mr. M. Goggs on Dahlia, Mr. Newton on Bolivar, Mr. M'Dowall on Ring wood, Dr. Griffin on Common, Mr. Webb on a black horse, Mr. Barter on Guest, and the whip en Blue Peter. 