T H K P I f i H T SOfiT* I L J 1 , J XHUJJ 1 OUA i • L M. BOUANCE OF THE SHIBB8. CHAPTER XTHL—As MN> PMRRA'e YAED, OB& EDWABD KENNAfiD. On Tuesday afternoon at the -pfrintyd hour the two girls, accompanied by Sturup and preceded by Qrisette, drove op to Mr. Phippe's door; ^ There, although the church clock waa only jost three, they found Colontf Clinker awaiting ueir arrival. V F«U done!" h? exclaimed cheerily, — how famo'u^ly pnnctusj we all are !" "Have we kept you long?" asked Kate. "Not an instant; Ihkve but this minuta anived. And now we had better adjourn to the yard, where I believe Phippeatoaady ia." \- .Upon 'which he handed them out of the phaeton, and led the way. Mr. Phipps was engaged in a critical and depredatory examination of Griaette, who, in justice it might be owned, looked uncommonly well. SKe had recovered from her recent exertions in the hunting- field, aad was £t and trssh,' added to whidi fon a hint from Colonel Clinker of her probable departure) Stiirup had carefully fed ner with plentiful bran mashes the last few daya. "Hus, I presume, is the mate yon spoke to me a^out,"«ajd lb. Phipps to Colonel Clinker, revcdVing the tóołh|Ack ne invariably carried in his mouth from cne side to the other, and doffinghia hat to the ladies. He waa a large, square-built man, with aandy hair, fresh complexion, and light brown eyes. He would have passed as good-looking hfwl it not been for his teeth, which were discoloured and straggly, like the fcroVen- dawn lichencovered stamps of park palings, with considerable intervals between them, which caught the eye and fascinated it, aa a eerpent fascinates a bird, each time he entered into conversation. His vnioe was deep, bis delivery Blow and momentous, producing an impression of superior knowledge on the unaccustomed listener, while every now and again an old twinkle appeared in his humorous eyes, which proved catching in the extreme, and formed a curious contrast to the general staid gravity of his demeanour. Mr. Phippa had begun life as stable-helper, aad had risen to the position he now occupied through natural talent. He waa not ashamed of his origin, and in fact frequently alluded to it, holding np his career as an encouragement to young men starting in life without mocey or friends. " It'a the competition as does us now-a- days," he waa won't to say, " and the bad-plncked una give in directly. -• - - „ ^ , Success is kke a stone mJL Ypa may take 'ammer and a long nail, and trjr to drive the nail'ome. Well! most people gets ais'eartened after a very few attempts, bat if you go on 'ammer, 'ammer, not all day but every day,. yon end bv malring your man upon that stone wall, and doing, pretty well what yoa-.please with it. Perseverance and pluck together will always gain the victory in the long run, but' bless my *eart alive, these young sparks is in too much of a 'nrry. They don't enow 'ow to wait, and wiut, and wait," maybe for years, and yet keep np their pecker all the time." From which observations it may be gathered JCr. Phipps was a remarkable man in his way. He nów drew in hia toothpick with aa action of caressing suction, and remarked once more— So this is the mare. Colonel, eh?" Yea, Phipps, this is the animal I told you Miss Browser wished to part with." . "Humph!" and the ejaculation, delivered in Mr. Phipps's peculiar intonation, made Kate who stood by listening, think more meanly of her. property than she had ever done before, sack volumes'of disparagement did it seem to imply. I'm not surprised at iliss Browser's wanting to get rid of 'er. An outsider, now, might probably consider 'er a dece nt-loolcing quadruped, but she's terrible light in the barrel, caking into account as ho w we are only at the commencement of J:he season instead of near the end.' She don't appear much like 'aid work. Whether they can stand hunting or not makes batiittle odds to me, you may say, ones the 'owes is sold. Very, true, I answer, bat then they mast 'are the appearance.^even if lifiebarsdves they sometimes'turn out deceptions in the end. Now, from the looks of -'er. I'd lay a'pony to a shilling that mare's abadjeeder." "Come, come, Phipps. - Don't hegin by crabbing, or we. shall never .get to hn sin pes," interroipted Colonel Clinker, kpowing.well. the man with -Whom he had to deal, and his prevailing rhetoricalTreafcnesaee. <'Tóu are just as wall aware as lam that the heavy-carcased beasts are not always those who get along the beet, and that a gross feeder is far more liable to oome to grief in hia wind and a variety of different ways than a moderate one. A big body with inadequate timber is a thing to be carefnlly avoided. I'd mach sooner have the lean frame on good understandings, and the mare has capitsl legs of her own, as dean as a four-year-old's. The fact of the matter is, however, as I told you on Sunday morning, that she proves a little too mnch for Miss Browser, and pulls rather more than is pleasant for a lady. They -are not all Mrs. Forresters, yon know, Phipps." "Ah, no) Wonderful woman, that," sticking his in bis pockets. 1 Knows aa 4 much about the ins and onts of a stable as I do myself." " which is saying a good deal. Now this mare of Miss Browser's would be the Tery thing for some of jour Lard-riding yonng J customers. She goes a good pace, aa_ l esa I testify, and does not knoff what itfc to tarn I her head. Both very desirable qualities, not to J ^ witheveiy day/' „ I "Thai's That's true enough, Colorg,"said Colonel,' Mr.} Phipps, proceeding to fed Griaette's back 1 sinews with professional severity. " I eee she's got a windgall or two." "Mere nothings that will aóóń pass away." Ton dont often find a seasoned hunter with- " Nothings when you're selling, mmethingi when you're, baying," S^d^tofeh^p observed Mr. Phipps, witntne cwmaie oeiore ouunwwiiKuuug uy I i hispiercing broWneyes. "Buyers andaSilew S S l r f W ^ ° bieCta tom ' ^ ^ r J ^ - Ś ^ o ^ ^ fe^irdiminaries, suppose yón show ns the j townli^einS^SirSidyoucaUhim, 3n vno not?" - ^ ^ j Y^s. Colonel, that's 'is name. A (rood name | .. I -aS^uite right, too. WO, we'll go and havetf hMk at^m aad see Fhe taki Miss ] Brewaer^femcyornot. She ii theperson j * I all means," s»d Mr. Phippe with more 1 alacrity tiian he had hitherto di^Uyed, usher- ] S l n & t o a &loo;«W, i p2K.p high -wfih vellow straw in-evident antininafidn of | itdendrntr Visitors. " H ^ Tom," xalling to lt principal aide-de-oamp, "eome and takei irKdisSie dothingjoffi- - . - -- . --: J IŁernan 'didaa be was tola, aad# another I. minute thehntae stood whiaking: ins . tail, lay-1 ihćtack his eaxs.idid catdumrnt fhe mangel j ,3ter the jm&iner; of ' lhartmghbred' aninnOs.'1 "Colond diiiker's praiae -had not been over- J atnfined -&-Siiih^WM»l>eatota J<»k,^r stańdine ^ose Apcm ^iijrtB& Łańfe on «bod ] dortlSi,'Auk blown iń cólour. with a lash intdligeht lisad, tapering —ing esrs/ficiible neck, j Ł -and a compact WE?' ^«;T>»ecBVi r wnd _>pl With, an air of n n c n r n n f l Ł p t r p p t hia eyel nttaix«><>Cblniel thinker's coqatmanni, J ying to Jread «v«y j>aMung "expression^ de-1- Weted thereon. "Tpere! Ypn' ^ro'lt otMeeB l a better-looVmg 'oes than thit, tbbugh leays ] itssshouldn't?' ".. ; "J. ...'.." , J Y«lhe'eatidyanimal,"'reouea theóther ] intonWof eoiresponding tangfimd. "..' *' 1 -Ml&ould; rother thmk lie tfu/'-rnsponded l Mr. Phippe viviacioady.' . łi 33iare*s .not inuch ] fault tojfalniad, I take it, eTenbyio gooda l judge*of 'oaaSsdiasCclbBd Clinkar. .A dole's 1 not eia^'.to ptckmSirJlMaiaTii.?'.." ". I '' Handsome ia as handsome doef,".' waa the I sgmatijerejoinder. ; . I IttaS^orim. He knows'u lnnness. 1 ThereV«cune'.plea^nreinah6irii^ ajTObd"'w to 4 amanlike you,'Colonel, aa "can rignHy appre- r oate 'im. Why^Messyonl-'arr'aiB people) who oome here know ao more about A 'onter,'' I and Mr. Phrops's voice waa fllledwitii unntter-1 abto contempt, "than they do about the maninl ^Umoon. Ifslike eadog ybur peadtaforo] mu, ii^ne. ;ITowPIl'tdl-3 Now"Pn'4dl-youwhaŁ'appenea.to me] ihe^nrday.rColoneL . i-parfyamvedwholi haŚ done vujous bolmiess tS^wćtioia withv" j l' Helflraaa Kt af blood, .«oł jihawediiiiB »I ithprongEbred-Łaymare a.etandarin thsthird J aten ^ WSSo^j&e;łar .^hińg bB.V imSafbrod alftWfe-S^WĘ^Rl W ^ m i & l ^ J ^ ^ ^ m ^ ^ l * ! ' ! ? of stowing a gentleman like la a decent 'cea? XX He dnrt't &>a't~kzŁOw laierw NM one WHON when BI? he XAEA a«ee it. Tloe' Tbsjfe nothing cfo'eaitons a dealer so aaoch and pvta 'im so oat of conceit with his profession as the ignorance of his customers. Ife harder to bear ttuaranythmg else, and yet he dare not eay a word to enlighten 'am for nar of getting into their had bodes." " It most be 1 very trying certainlyv" said the Colonel sympathetically, fully endsong into Mr. Phippe's grievances, and the gentleman yon refer to, insMA of baying huntere, ought to be relegated to-the nuraery." Be had meanwlnfo scrutinised Sir Bichard from top to toe, -felt his legs, niched np his feet, punched hia- sides, exammed both eyes, arid peewd into his open mcmBCr Then finding i Mr. Phipps'a aaertions were oorrect, and' that j there was indeed little room lest for criticism, I he said: Let's have the hone out, Phipps, and see how he moves." A saddle and bridle ware immediately produced, and Sir Bichard, when all ths preparations HUUS were HNNVUIUPIMI|WABINŁŁ<NUIWŁUHIVIIIIWU complete, was led forth and mounted by the head man, who proceeded to ride him up end down the yard senrd times. , "Good action, CokmeU'isntit?" said Mr. Phipps, endeavouring to extraot a few words of commendation from so waxy a customer. "Moves trne all round, and. gets over the ground without any trouble to huself." "He bends his hdcta-well nnder lrnn, Certainly," admitted the Honble. Jack," not to . be ensnared into any active approbation, " but," quallfyidg even this meed of praise, "he goes vety uose, machcloser than I uke to see." "That don't signify so long as tiny don't i brush, and 111 guarantee he never tuta thoee , legs of his. Bat wait till yon see *im jump, j A finer fencer never looked throngh a bridle, ] nor a cleaner, clever one. 'Owsomever, if yon, don't " " fancy " 'im " there' " re's plenty as win. He'll not be on my hands long. ~ A'osslike that won't stand idle for very many dayB. He'll sell, and what's more, sell tcf-U. There's Hiss Falliser, for .instance, who is on the look-ont for an animal good enough to win a steeplechase. She'd baj'im like a shot if you don't take'im. He'd sut Miss Palliser down to the ground, for he's quiet and ;yet 'igh-couraged, just the sort she likes; aad what's more he's a good stoat 'ois, and as fast as greased lightning. Fat 'im back, Tom. Yon can nut him back," waling to the man to stop. " No good knocking 'im about if he don't tike the Colonel'a eye," he added with an air of.injured innocence. Now Mr. Phipps knew as well as possible that Sir Bichard dia take the Colonel's eye, but he was a diplomatist, who thoroughly understood the disadvantage of his wares appear -too cheap. Tom, on his side, intimately acquainted, with his master's. various tactics, immediately made a great show of dismounting, preparatory to taking the horse bock into his stable again. Stopa bit; don't be in sudi.a hurry," interposed the Colonel, who was far too old a hand not to keep pace with every move of the game. '." I'll just throw my leg over him and Bee what sort of a teel be givea you." " As you like, Colond." returned Mr. Phipps with a lenewed assumption of indifference, his object being sow attained. " It's all one to me. Take 'im or leave 'im at you please. A good 'oss can always fetch his price." "So Miss Palliser's thinking of baying Sir Bichard, is she?" said Colonel Clinker, while the stirrups were being lengthened to his satisfaction. •Most likely. She's not Been'im yet, thongh. I gave you the refusal, Colonel." " Ah, yea, to be sure' Tery good of you, Phipps." " l>o you like the horse V* whispered Kate, coming up and patting Sir Richard's neck. ** Very mnch indeed. But it' we appear tookeen Pbipps wQl open his month. "He's a knowing customer, not easily bested.'' " So I should imagine. I fhonld have been utterly annihilated 'Without your hdp. Mr. Phipps would soon have crushed me into silence." " One must oppose these sort of people with their own weapons: never a -very easy task for ; a lady, even under the most favourable circumstances. But Phipps is not half a bad fellow in his way, once you get over his little pecnlarities of manner. He's shrewd, thought at the same time wonderfully kindhearted, and I feel quite sore he"would not sell yon a bad horse. He always prideslnmself onliis customers coming back again, and -what'a more they generally do. A dever dealer's chieif talent consists in knowing exactly hów and" where to~place his goods, to which end it is necessary he should possess a keen insight into' human nature, .and an intimate acquaintance with its foibles. Phipps stands preeminent in these respects, and therefore seldom makes a fata pas."' " I shall get quite learned before long. Able to set up an establishment of my own," eaid Kate playfully. "Will yon come and be my head man?" "Head man, rough-rider, stable-boy, any- thing you please," he answered; then as he -rode away he said carelessly, to Mr. Phipps, "As Miss Palliser never gives much for her horses, I presume yoa'renot asking along price, Phipps." "Two hundred, OoIoneL" replied Mr. Pbippe, feeling at last the negotiationa^ were in fair way of "being entered upon. " He's worth that any day." "H"m, two hundred iaa goodish sum for a thirteen-stone hunter." "Do you think so. Colonel? Why look at that there 'oss The Swell, as fetched foar fifty at Tattereairs j^,. week He aint half ao good ^ animal as Sir Bichard, and eight year old the bargain. 'Oseeś is terrible dear jost „ " I've never seen them otherwise when one vaaontlu buy." "Now, Colond, — - I appeal to you," said *tr. Phippe, roused to a suncen display of virtuous indignation assumed for the occasion. " Can you expect to find perfect manners, good looks, 'igh courage,-and sweet temper all combined, without having to pay summat for thorn ?" "Let us go into tha fidd," said Colond Clmker.Miss . -- - j. Bre^r • -V.1. "^ 1 I- eeeSirBichardjomP;one or two nfthoąebreak- \- Y ^ X f ^ o M very much,' '' J|-ui»n Mr. PHpps t W open a gate at thelback of the yard, which ledi mto afair- ?fed, paddock, where a flight of bnahed-up htitdlea, a low rail,aiid a -couple of "email actifences- wereenpposai tutest the powers of the animals about to be purchased. . juu've not matfe them sny brgp ®?ce last winter,"^said Colond Clidtei mth a to "T^n't wa^t your customers to come to grief r' "Theyw big enough Colonel as it is-4oo big « £ S o w ^ Sir BiAard.^dpop him over oneafterthe other." Thnaadinred Colonel CUntor did as he was o'm. , ;Sir'Bichard was evidently no novice, and knewq^ute well what wa^ fixpectedof him jtOliniiis casetjamilarity did not breed^oontempfc He loyed jamping 'dearly fcr his own sske. s^nd pocked his small ears end went resolutelyat jeaca plutacle msnccegsion, sponging bver them Eke astag. Then when 'brought to astandatiH, he stOod .ardiing hia neck with vKls theenmaon limngaof his aistendeantwtriU stĆKid ^utin striking r»ntraat to tte fichtan muids. and the swelling vansseemedsaddeniytoLaVBleaptmtoUfe. ««Lor Messyoo, MisslVexclajmed oldStirrnn, •tho'had been.edging ^ ?bear<a "and nearer to feate, "to can j imp, -andbio mistake." Bean-" tifuV'. ../- .- . Jump ^ repeated Mr. Phipps ,in hia most Superior manner^ and with an "elevation of Jhe eyebrow vriii^i eeempdin. express surprise t£»taTdinessbf łheoÓierXaiscoye^. /^dI cbt rcji yoa be could jninii from the first, only none of yon believed What Tiaid ? Jump.in- ^ęadl Why, that aiere 'oias wóult cariy jour yonng lady like a bird. Nobody would toach 'em.'' ' = ' - J " Ee'e a sice toaa/'-saidthe' nnsqphisticated .^tirrup in reply. . . ya«n«n,n TlnnłiTp Jack was putting Sir BiAardttrongh all "his yaties, Sna tiie Lome aeemed to taks apleasure in jielding to the diOicate tourii that directed him aa with a aOken thread,"łtrongly yetlightiy. Mr.Phippa stood by, chewinghis toothpick, in 'mlent admiratibm :He -was a devoted foUoworof theĆolonel,whoBegoodhorsemandiiphadmanytimHgauiedhim variouas; unUńłnrŁ «•• You Xott don't often come across ancha anena rider,' nner,- hexeisJ^^tfc^ifidraioeto.Kate, '' J Tl. .H. - . - - - w5bo,«lK> whn -l.n wai watd>in|tiih^t>iilde: Jack'e movemants. ''NSY'^SHELIH^LISRHEADLNDISAANT. . woriŁ - HaMVwbikeaV^Brd mbreoktof I 'Mthanuh»ceaBary,but-jra^ comes in last Jew «tride<i«iid wins «p Don Ws ndmg,.«wl# fasA,. . ^SbrsmŁa ^. Mr. Phipps ± J h Ą ? Jwent eofar asto contemplate whether, under 'e s I i nrann. prosurer he mi*-ht mą^ht not be induced to knock . nve ponds off the handsome jtofit he eontem- 7 plated making. His meditations on this point reached no very definite condnsionB, being disturbed tw the retom of Colonel Clinker, who, throwing the veins on Sir Bidiaid's neck, and lightly van!ting to the ground, whispered in Kate's car HeltdOr Hefa a real nice horse, with easy paces aad good mouth, and he gives yon a wsnderfol feel-over his fences. I really think he's worth the- money PŁipj* is asking. But, of coarse, yo» are the person to .decide. Now suppo^ng _ Phipps . conM-be indaced to spring a ham&ea; \- for - wisette-, --—- the ^n ft would yonlethergO'aj^ltiatimM'P' Ho did notwiA) to' influence her actions in any w*y, feeling: » (Sertds Micacy in doing Nevertheless it .was- ^-mSel to him when she answered- without hesitation - " Tea, I would.- She cost two hundred and thirty. but I don't expect to get anything like what I gave; besides," looking »p at him with a frank smile,." I have such perfect confidence in your knowledge of hoBMndi that I should [ feel quite- satisfied' at any arrangement you choose to-make;?*' He would not have been maa, with man's store of vanity and: human' wealmeee, had he notldt flattered by the nafve deSerence oon.- tained in this speech-, had) not tbe Womanly trust it displayed appealed to bis- self-esteem.' 4 1 You are- very kind4" he- said, " but you ought to ride the horse- yourself before coming to any final dedsion.?' I'm afraid I can't in- my present crippled condition," she replied, " Ah! how stupid ol of 1 me ;. I waa quite forgetting. " Hot at alL Since you hove riddles Sir Bichard, and pronounce & favourable verdict, I am content to accept it without reserve. What would my humble opinion be compared to yours ?>' And as the liquid eyes looked up at him they sent a thrill of pleasure to his heart. " Yon may be quite certain that in making any bargain, Mus Browser, I shall do my utmost to promote your interest in every way." " I feel sure of it. I can't think why you shonld be so good to a helpless young woman like myself." She hated the words when-she had spoken them, for they recalled that possible object which she strove so hard to keep in the background, and which bis presence dissipated like smoke in the air. Bat he, not knowing all her thoughts, si lowed the gratification he experienced to appear in his face. The cool wintry Bun caBt a last flickering' ray on the honest features, the fair hair, and drooping moustache as he stood dose to her side while they held this short and whispered colloquy, " Then you commission me to make the best bargain I can, subject to a trial with hounds ?" he Baid, in the tone of a man asking for final instructions. I commission yoa to do whatever you think brat. Thtere ! I can't say more, can I ? So now to business." " Mr. Phipps," said Colonel Clinker, addressing that gentleman, who had stood aloof, though a keen observer of what passed, " Miss Browser wishes to see if we can do a deal together." "Certainly," said he. Whereupon the whole party promptly ..retired into an inner sanctum, where all transactions were definitely concluded, and within whose four walls many a sale had been effected, many a horse changed hands. Mr. Phipps, detaching a key from amon£ a bunch he produced from his trousers pocket, now unlocked the door of a cupboard, and as a preliminary brought forth a couple of bUck bottles, a decanter of sherry, and half a dozen wine glasses. " Now," eaid the Colond straightforwardly, " there's no use taking up your time, Phipps, in beating about the bush. Miss Brewser likes Sir Bichard. The question is, what would you be prepared to allow in exchange for the grey Mr. Phipps stretched hiB legs out under the table, subsided in lus chair, and appeared absorbed in the most abstruse calculations. " Wall, really Colonel," he replied after a considerable pausi " that's a most ;difficult question to answer, and one requiring a deal of thought. Would it not be better for Miss Browser to tell ms what price she'putB upon the mare? It would dear the way, so to apeak, and make it easier for both parties to come , to an agreement." - " She Met two .hundred and thirty," said Sate, giving no direct reply in answer to his appeal. * " Ah! that may bo easy enough. But the thing to consider^ not what she eoit, bat what she's worth f" " Well, well, Phipps, it's for yoa to make some sort of proposition," interrupted Colonel Clinker. "T^ie mare's rising seven, sound, end a likely nag, aa you have had the opportunity of appertaining." " Would not do more than carry a boy of fourteen," objected he musingly. " Nonsense, Phipps. She'll carry the larger half of your customers. III be bound." " What, combined, Colond. She woald be a good 'nu to do thafe" " "So, separately of course. Come, now, Phipps,"we"re wasting time, and since you don't seem disposed to make asy offer on yoar side, I must do it on mine. If you like to allow Miss Brewser a hundred for the grey mare, flbe'll send you a cheque for the remaining hundred to morrow morning. What Bay you to the bargain V" Once more Mr. Phipps allowed the gravity of his decisions to be felt by a prolonged silence. Then he-shrugged his shoulders, shook his head and said del iberatel %— " I could not do it, Colond, could not do it anyhow. My expenses would not even be paid, let alone any profit.- "Come, come,Phipps! Old friends like you and I don't juxrnt to make a big profit out of each other. We've-done one another too many good turns for .that." The stem expression of Mr. Phipps's face softened. " Ah, Colonel!" he eaid relenting," you're a temble band at getting round a fellow's weak side. " And a very good thing too. If we didn'l occasionally find our- tender spots and keep them fresh and green, why, Phipps, moat of us would be aa hard as brickbats. There's nothing like doing a kindly action now and then for softening human nature; so, Phipps, you let Miss Brewser have Sir Bichard?" He got up and held out his hand, which the other wrung in cordial appreciation. . " Very well, ColiSneli** he aaid, I'd ao any thing to oblige yon, though this is not boai- We'll call it friendship then, instead," eaid the Honble. Jack with a pleasant smile as they left the room. Good-bye, Phipps." "Good-bie. Mr. Phipps," saijł Kata, putting "her littls palm in hn. " Thank^on vary much, and fil try an8 do your horse ofedit." ' And then they went out into the street, and Mr. Phipps stood' watching their retreading . Phipps, my boy," sa^Jie to Mjnadf, "this] won't do; the perfession will suffer if you allow yoar feelingato feelings set. get thebetterof you' in this 1 aort of-Way. s -Yon * ought to have stućk.oiit * for another pony at least. . -Bat lor! that there Colond is sach a pleasant-spoken chap, he twists - one round his little finger. Hut's a nice girl, too, that Miss Browser, and it strikes me the Colonel ii deuced sweet upon her. Well, he might do worse, he might do worse;". yrith whienrefiection Mr. Phipps went off jto take teą withłusbetter half inohe back-parlour. CHAPTER XIX.—JBALOU3 Bn>nro. In ten days trom the time of her visit to Mr. Phipps'a establishment Kate was sufficiently recovered from the effects of Grisette's misdemeanours to be in a saddle again. tJhe started modestly, merdy - intending to -ride about quietly Ć and keep -to ths roadaaad the gates, while Mr. M'Grath; ever ready for an excuse which banished jumping from the programme, willingly offered his setsices-as escort, and " "' proving himsdf a most cheerful and ning companion, displayed the greatest oonsideration tosraris -tin young lady thus placed ondBrhia protecting wing. He amused Kate vwitly by pointing out in hia ormical way various members of the'Hunt/ on whomhekspt nparegnlar &re; of mnning; commentary, dąeribing with much humour and acumen the in-' dividuupet.'uUarilisB of each otró in-torn. -. * Ł Bo yon eee that man -standing dose to you on a handsome bay-łunse P" he asked, indicating the personage in question with an .atry wave of lna arm. "He'a the Honourable A«renChmrrineton,a>aŁe»a»f-thBlaidy.dardy iioUmm-likB-aelf riivisioa. WelL, for three whole yearsdid the Honble. Alfred and I meet continuallyintbe hunting field, while for three 'whdsTBarsdid he honour me with a suoer- :ciliouBj(taw..; 2>owthere aoe few -things irritabngto a fellow's vahity than to be calmly igoaned.' -Argument, disagre ' lence, aire eech in their way i ... that %peaisa of lofty indifference intendedto and- of')M- ? ' M'GralS'?' He had oj>a.-entIy hecomt con k scious ! scions <>- OJ 1 ray MY presence at at Idat, list, and and took this this early opportunity Si recognising the fstfc Faith, Masff Browser ! it mo&e; the very bloed' boil in my -veins. You see I had got used to' being a nobody in the Honourable AlfredV estimation, sad any change csme too much aa a surprise to be appreciated. Shall I tell you what I did? I was determined* on having my revenge. Every dog has his day,.and mine had come at last. I looked him up aa j down with a stony gaze whiah took in every detail from the crown of his shining chimney-pot to the soles at his faultless boots—daab lam, hę has the beet varnish ta the country—ana I said with^he utmost severity at my comnatód;' Sir, it has. taken you three years to make-up your mind whether you would deign to know me or not;' it will not take tne three mOmtUt to decline the honour of your acquaintanceship; whereupon I stared him straight in the face and then rode away. Gad, Mijs Brew&er;!" and Tery laughed heartily at the remembsmce of hia adversary's discomfiture, "you never saw a man look so damfoundeted in all your' born daya. He waa that astonished he coald not find a single word in reply." 1 1 1 don't wonder, rV said Kate. "Such an answer was enough to take anyone's breath away. But what an idiot the man must be 1" "He only possesses the besetting siń of a- good many of our neighbours about nere." "And what might that be?" 4 1 Thinks too much of himself and too little of others. A very - common - failing, especially among people of narrow intellect and large vanity." He ought to be a warning to UB all, then, not to be over self- satisfied. Don't you think some folkB are put into the world solely to fill a role of determent? There are moral scavengers just as there are ornithological ones. The vulture is a bird of bad repute, but nevertheless he fills his place in the economy of nature, and perhaps Mr. Charrington was born as an example, which most of us should avoid rather than imitate. I don't express myself dearly, though I know quite well what I mean." ) 4 1 You express yourself quite well enough for me to anaeretand. It never struck me in that light before, and 'pon my soul Pm not sure but what you are right. If I accept the Honble. Alfred as a warning, I can look at him with far more charitable feelings than I do at present. Poor fellow! after all, according to you, he is but a social scarecrow, fitted to frighten all the human crows away. Ha ! ha! That's a capital idea, and tickles me immensely." Surely it was lucky for the Honble. Alfred Chamngton that he did not catch the conversation, or it is possible that even .-his equanimity might have been disturbed, and the calm waters of self-satisfaction in which his soul lay steeped be stirred from .their tranquil; depths by the keen blast of ridicule sweeping over them. Would it have been an act of kindness to have torn down the delusions so long entertained, to have laid bare and exposed the shallowness of the crumbling soil on which they were raised and carefully nurtured by petty egotism ? Who can say ? Even the pruning- knife is apt to cut too deeply, and till the old tree with its good and its bad together. instead of promoting a new growth and' fresh flourishing blossoms. Tbe old tree may be gnarled and twisted, decayed, covered with parasite ; it may shut out the light of the »un, hide the blue tk:e'. and cumber the earth ; but when removed altogether is it not apt to make its absence felt, and the very object we have so long grumbled aX to leave a blank on disappearing ? Some such thoughts flitted through Kate's mind as the look«il at the gentleman on the handsome bay: bat her „peculations were quickly endad by Mr. McGrath exclaiming— But here comes another of our local celebrities," as a big, burly, broad-shouldered man of about five-aiid- fort3', square featured, clean sbaveu, and keen-eyed, mounted on a huge weight-carrying hunter, rode by. " I wantyou to take special notice of him because he is eaid to be the finest welter-weight in Great Britain. If you are quite sure you are not bored, Miss Brewser, gad ! but I- can tell yon a good story about him too." Whereupon Mr. McGrath commenced another piquant anecdote, wdl-flavoured with Hibernian wit. When it came t<> an end Kate said, " Ah. Mr. McGrath. Mrs. Forrester was- -right when she told me what an agreeable companion yon-were. and I have enjoyed both your conversation and your society immensely.' She felt no difficulty in praising Mr. "M'Urath to his face. He only inspired her with friendly interest; therefore the words came readily enough. There was no cause to consider them, to weigh their probable effect, or to fear on one side giving offence, or on the other of appearing too forward and anxious to ple«se. She experienced no constraint in his presence. He had no nower to make her blush, or to send her heart beating like a sledge-hammer, and the first words that rose to her" lips were merrily littered, in pure ease iiui gcod*fellow- Bhip. There are some men who ruse such friendly sentiments at first sight, yet it is a question whether they ever succeed in establishing auy loftier feding or warmer relationship. It ia their fate to go through life as the confidant, but never as the loved. Kate felt herself infinitely brighter and more amusing in Mr. M'G rath" B company than in Colo L, til Clinker'B yet the briefest sentence from the latter, hia slightest expression of approval or disapproval carried more weight than the whole torrent of Mr. M'Grath'a conversation put together. Nevertheless the facetious little Irishman con. trived to keep her in a state of such perpetual merriment, that at lest ehe asserted her sides ached so unmercifully that the effects were infinitely worse than a hundred falls, and she really could endure them no longer. As the day wore on. her spirits rose. In spite _ of Stirrup's protestations she insisted in getting off her hade aad having the side-saddle put on to -Sir Bichard. who had come out for the first time since he had been in the hands of his new proprietor. She declared heradf no louger an invalid, and fully equal to encountering the fatigues of a run. Stirrup, .who ero now bad discovered the f utilitv of argument, especially when opposed to the fair sex. »as forced to withdraw his objections and yield, though somewhat -rductantl,*, to hia "mistress's wishes. And as if to reward Kate for her sudden decision, she had hardly begun to make friends withbernewhorae beiora a joyona sborus of sound broke out from the midst of a small gone-patch the hounds were drawing, and in another minute the whole pack streamed away dose at the heels of-a fine, white-tagged old fox, whereupon Kate, throwing prudence to the winds, could not refrain from joining in the chase. A mile's gallop full tilt down a rend running parallel with the hounds served still further to heighten her enthusiasm, so that when, at the first opportunity, some of the foremost riders branched off into the open fields, ,where a vista of tolerably practicable fen oss held-out a pleasing prospect, she followed spit. When die came to the first obstacle her caution had vanished, and Sir Bichard tw.ept over it so easily and ao freely that indeed none appeared necessary. The ice once broken.ahetookeverytluiig thatcameinherwav,nntil she began-to-hnd herielf occupying qnite a distinguished position in the hunt, and the brown had fairly established hia reputation as a -good fencer. Poor Miss Palliaer, whose lucky star had not been in the. ascendant lately, and whose fate appeared invariably that of chewing the. bitter cud of mortification, from seeing a riyal habit fluttering in advance, Jbst considerablejOTund at starting by the unfortunate banging-to of a {ate. but now ah® was galloping like the wind n order to lesaen the already diminishing distance between herself and that offending skirt, which constituted a regular ej esore in the green orbs of jealousy- She detenninced once for ail on besting this obnoxious adversary, and showing her condaKvdy the absurdity and crass stupidity of attempting to compete with one so facile princrpi as herself. " Did yoa see how beautifully my horse jumped that last fence?" she remarked to Colond Clinker, who " happened to be within haiL He also had heen delayed by the refusal of a young animal he was qualifying for a .steeplechase certificate, and like Miai Palliaer waa tent on getting closer to hounds. "I'msotiy to say I 4id not,"" he returned, satirically. By some "extraordinary and greatly-to-he-deplored accident, for one inatSnt my eya waa "withdrawn from yon—aciroam- -stance that causes me much regret." # t V Indeed 1" said she, not altopetber easy as to the Intention of this observation. " BaaUy,- -Goloasl Clinker, <m« never knows whether yoa axe «n earnest oraofc." J - " Very mnch in earnest, Misa Palliaer." " Then," eaid ah% with a smile of reassurance^ I fed extremely flattered by" your flood opinion; It is .pleasant to find friends think wall of one." < Wonld you like to heighten it still farther?" said he quietly. , ; '. "Certainly,*'she replied, a little surprised at ttBwqnest,an4Wbn4«ring what waa cotaing ? tardilv uttered and laboriously extracted, earner with double power to please, like longaongh-i-for honey rewarding the exertions of on industrious bee. Certainly,'' she repeated, with a feehngof •Stat yodnglady in front of yon a little more room at her ffeneae, and not ride quite ao horribly jealous" PSor thing ! Thereaction was terribly severe, arktfrn the first sboct of it she felt too surprised evea-for indignation. She drew in her breath, with a-gasp that resembled the gurgle of a drowning man, and emitted the single monoayllaKb,"Oh!" " Yeaę" continued'Cblonel Clinker pointedly, for somehow or other he never could bring Himself its regard Miss Paffieer as a woman, and therefore felt little compunction in trampling on her feelings. " "Sea," and what's more, I- saw yoa jost now, amply because Miss Brewser happened to he leading, ride on to her horse'B very tail. If' he had' made the least peck or the ghost of a miiifalfe at" the fence yoa would have been on the top of him to a certainty. IPs deuced nnfmi^ and if ym call that riding I don't." During tins speech the lady had partly recovered from the first stunning effects of thp blow delivered, and both pride and'temper now came to her assistance. But tike last straw broke the camel's back. Whea it "became * uestion of riding, hrr riding, anger assumed ale npper hand, and crashed all incipient sentiment at its very birth; "Colond Clinker," she said; or rather screamed, while her sallow complexion' suddenly flamed into scarlet, and her- small grey - eyes gleamed with a vicious expression, " I beff leave to atate I have not hunted all these years in Huntingshire for nothing. I flatter myself I know hw to ride at a fence as wd!' as mwt people, at least, such is the general opinion ; and I don't require you or anyone else to give me lesaonB how to behave in. the hunting-field. I consider you are most—MOST—MOST impertinent." She had begun bravely, but her voice here died away in hysterical sobs. Hr-r mortification was complete. Colonel Clinker bowed silently, and galloped on. " Well, that was sharp and decisive enough in all conscience." he eaid to himself. " La Palliser and I have fought our first pitched battle, though many's the Bkirmish we have indulged in. I'm afraid I was a little rude, but' the rebuke will do no harm, and the way die jumps on people is really quite abominable." "What a fool Colonel Clinker is making of himself about that Miss Brewser," MiasPMIiser - remarked later on to her dear friend Mrs. Paget. She had sense enough to keep their little encounter to herself, but she could not refrain - from launching a few venom-laden arrows by way of taking some revenge. "A foolf" said Mrs. Paget. "In what manner? I have seen nothing to justify audi a- remark on your part." "You're as blind as a bat, .my dear," returned Miss Palliser contemptuously. "I tell' you the man'a quite gone off'his head. To BO great an extent, indeed, that he can't speak-* with decent civility to anybody else." " I had a chat -with him some little time ago, and be appeared much as usual." 1 1 You're a goose, and never .coold see a* thing, even when it was going on nnder yonr" very nose. 3fy eyes are considerably shaker ; they can't hoodwink me in a huirv." "But, my dear Miss Palliser, who wanltto hoodwink you ? After all there would be nothing so rery wonderful even if Co!o< ' l Clicker • UYTC to fall in love with Misa Brewser. Bank. united to wealth is not an uncommon occurrence. One sees it every day of one's life." 1 1 There I agree; but don't talk of love, it'a a perfect profanation to call such calculating, mercenary transactions low. Colonel Clinker's no more in lore with Miss Brewser than I am." "Then his sentiment* must be extremely lukewarm," aaid Mrs. Pa*-*, who took a mildpleasure in nagging at her friend. "Not at all: mine u re very much heated though, by dislike rather thsn affection. I think Miss Brewser an odious, stuck-up, iotward,/erx£young woman; and as for Colond Clinker, any respect or regard I iray once hava entertained for him he haa entirely forfeited,'* with which conduding observation she went home, galloping past Kate, and i^espatteringher with mnd without a wcrd of apology. " Phew!" said 'Mrs. Paget, eyeing her re— treating friend dubiously. 4 • She's very crusty ! I wonder what's np now {^ It's a pity she got such an ungovernable temper, but one TeaDy never feelseure what she may say and do next.'* (TO BE CONTINUED.) 