nada the lily. By H. RIDER HAGGARD. I Copyright, 1891, By H. Rider I Haggard. (all eights reserved.) CHAPTER XIV. I the wolf-brethren. I Now, my father, on the morrow night, once again Umslopogaas and Galazi the Wolf sat by the fire in the month of their cave, as we eit to-night, my Gather, and Galari took up his tale. 1 1 passed on till I came to the river ; It was still foil, but the water had run down a little, so that my feet fbond foothold. I waded into the river, using the Watcher as a staff, and the stream reached to my elbows, but no higher. Now, one on the farther bank of the river saw that which eat upon my shoulders, and saw also the woIFs skin on my head, and ran to the kraal crying, i jjere comes one who walks the waters on the back of a wolf.' So it came about that as I drew towards the kraal all the peopleof the kraal were gathered together to meet me, except the old woman, who could not walk so far. Bat when they saw me coming up the slope of the bill, and when they saw vrhst it was that sat upon my shoolders, they were smitten with fear. Yet they did not run, because of their great wonder, only they walked backward before me, clinging each to each and speaking no word. And I too came on silently, till at length I reached the kiasl, and nerore its gates sac toe oia woman, basking in the son of the afternoon. Presently she looked up and cried, " What ails ynu, people of my house, that von walk backwards like men bewitched, and who is that tall and deathly man who comes t ) wards you f" Uut Still they drew on backwards, : siying no word, the little children cliug- ing to the women, the women clinging to the men, till they had passed the old wife and ranged themselves behind her like a regiment of soldiers. Then they halted against the fence of the kraal. But I came on to the old woman, and lifted him who sat upon myahoulders, and placed him on the ground before her, saying, " Woman, here is your son ; I have snatched him with much toil from the jaws of the ghosts — and they are many up yonder — all save one foot, which I conld not find. Take him now and bury him, for I weary of his fellow ship.' ' She looked upon that which sat before her. She put out her withered hand and drew the bandage from bis sunken eyes. Then she screamed alond a shrill scream, and, flinging her arms aboot the neck of that dead one, she cried : ' It is my son whom I bore — my very son, whom for twice ten years and half a ten I have not looked npon. Greeting, my son, greeting ! Now abalt thou find burial, and I with thee— ay, I with thee !' And once more she cried alond, and stood upon her feet with arms outstretched. Then of a sadden a foam burst from her lips, and she fell forward npon the body of her soo, and was dead. 'Now once more a silence came upon the place, for all were fearful. At last one cried : " How is this man named who bas won the body from the ghosts 1" 1 " I am named Galazi," I answered ' " Nay," said he. " The Wolf are you named. Look at the red wolfs hide npon his head !' '"Iam named Galazi, and the Waif yon have named me," I said again. "So be it: I am named Galazi the Wolf." ' "Hethinks he is a wolf," said he. "Look, now, at his teeth, how they grin 2 This is no man, my brothers, but a wolf." No wolf and no man." said another, "but a wizird. None but a wizard conld have passed the forest and won the lap of her who sits in stone for ever." ' " Yes, yes ! he is a wolf — he is a wizird!" they screamed. "Slay him! Slay the wolf-wizard before be briDg the ghosts npon as 2" and they rah towards me with uplifted spears. ' " I am a wolf indeed," I cried, " and I am a wizard indeed, and I will bring wolves and ghosts upon you ere all is done,' " and I turned and fled so swiftly that soon they were left behind me. Now, as I ran I met a girl, a basket of mealies was on her head, and in her hand she bore a dead kid. I rushed at her howling like a wolf, and I snatched the mealies from her head and the kid Item her hand. Then I fled on, and comiog to the river, I crossed it, and for that night I hid myself in the rocks be yond, eating of the mealies and of the flesh of (he kid. ' On the morrow at dawn I roBe and shook the dew from (be red wolf-hide. Then I went on into the forest and howled like a wolf. They heard me, the ghost-wolves, and howled in answer &om; far and near. Then I heard patter ing of their feet, and they came round me by tens and by twenties, and fawned upon me. I counted tbeir number ; they numbered three hundred sod sixty and three. ' Afterwards, I went on to the cave, sod I have lived here in the cave, Umslopogaas, for nigh upon twelve moons, and I have become a wolf-man. For with the wolves I hunt and. raven, and they know me, and what I bid them that they do. Stay, Umslopogaas now you are strong again, and, if yonrconrage does not fail you, you shall see this very Eight Gome now, have you the heart, Umslopogaas!' Then Umslopogaas rose and laughed aloud. 'I am young in years,' hecried, and scarcely come to the full strength or man ; yet hitherto I have not turned my back on lion or witch, or wolf or ®M,t Now let us Bee this impi of yours —this impi black and grey, that runs - ou fonr legs with fangs for spears 2' 'Fou must first bind on the she-wolfs hide, Umslopogaas,' quoth Galazi, ' else, before a man could count his fingers' wtce there would be little enough left bf yon. Bind it on about the neck and beneath the arms, and see thata the fosterlings do not burst,' lest it .be the worse for you.' So Umslopogaas topk the greywolf s hide and bound it on . with thongs, of eather, and its teeth.gleam.cjpon his ' 8M, .and he took aspear in -bis -toand. Ujuuzt also bound ton the1 hidfa" lrif the of the wolves, and they went out on to the spaoe before Jbke cave.' Galazi stood there awhile, and the moonlight fell npon him, and Umslopogaas saw-that his face grew wild and beastlike, that his eyes shone, -and Ids , -(teeth grinned beneath his curling lips.' He lifted np his head and howled ont npon the night. Thrice Galazi lifted bis head and thrice he howled londly, and yet more loud. But before ever the echoes had died npon the air, from the heights of the rocks above and the depths of the forest beneath, from the east and the west, from the north and the sonth, there came howling in answer. Nearer they grew and nearer; now there was a sound of feet, and a wolf, great and grey, bounded towards tbem, and after him many another. They came to Galazi, they sprang npon him, fawning round him, but he beat them down with the Watcher. Then of a sudden . they saw Umslopogaas, and rushed at falm open-, monthed ' Stand and do not move 2' cried Galari. 'Be mot afraid f ' I have ever fondled dags,' answered Umslopogaas, ' shall I learn to fear them now !'. ; , J ' ; : \ Yet though .he spoke. boldly, iu bis heart he was afraid, for this' was the most terrible of all sights. The wolves rushed on him open- monfhed/from be fore and behind. Yet no fang pierced him, for as they leaped they smelt the smell of tbe skin upon him, and dropped down at-fais-feet -fawning -and licking him.. Then Umslopogaas saw that the wolves lept at falm no more, but tbe she- wolves gathered ronnd him who wore the 8hje-wolfs skin. They . were great and ghent and hungry, all were full ornwn thpro toorn nn lltfJo nnpa land their' number was so many that, be could not count them in the moonlight. Umslopogaas looked on tbeir red eyes, felt his heart become as the heart of a wolf, :aod he. too, lifted up hie head and howled, and the she-wolves howled in answer. ' The pack is gathered ; now for the hunt !' cried Galazi. ' Make your feet swift, my .brother, for we shall journey far fn ninlif W n TCInnlrfantr I lira fivziTT- snout ! Ho, my people black and grey, away ! away !' He spoke and bounded forward, and with him went Umslopogaas, and after them streamed tbe gbost- wolves. They fled down tbe ' mountain sides, leaped from boulder 'to bonlder like bucks. Preseutly tbey stood by tbe kloof that was tbick with wood. Galazi stopped, holding up tbe Watcher, and with him stopped the wolveB. ' 1 smell a quarry, he cried ; in, my people, in 1' Thee the wolves pluaged silently into the great kloof, butGalari and Umslopo gaas drew'to the foot of it and waited. Presently there came a sound of break ing boughs, aud lo ! before them stood a buffalo, a ball who lowed fiercely and sniffed the air. 'This one will give ns a good chase, my brother ; see, he is gaunt and thin 1 Ah ! that meat is tender which my people have hunted to the death 2' As Gilazi spoke, the first of the wolves drew from the covert and saw the buffalo ; then, giving tongue, they spraog towards it. Tbe bnll eaw also, and dashed down tbe hill, and after him came Galazi and Umslopogaas, and with them all their company, and the rocks shook with the music of tbeir hunting, They rosbed down the mountain side, and this came into the heart of Umslopogaas, that he, too, was a wolf. Tbey rushed madly, yet bis feet were swift as the swiftest ; no wolf conld outstrip him, and in him was bnt one desire — the desire of prey. Now they neared the borders of theforest,and Galazisbouted. Heshouted to Greysnout and to Blackfang, to Blood and to Deathgrip, and these'foqr leedforw.Vrd from the pack, running so . swiftly that their bellies seemed to touch the gronnd. They passed ahout the hull, t'arniogbim from the forest ana setting bis head up the slope of - the mountain. Then tbe chaee wheeled, tbe ball leaped and bounded np tbe mountain side, and on one flank lay Greysnont and Deathgrip andontheotberlay Blood and Blackfang, while behind came tbe Wolf -Brethren, and after them the wolves with lolling tongues. Up the hill they sped, but the feet of Umslopogaas never wearied, his breath did not fail him. Once more they drew near the lap of the Grey Witch, where the cave was. On roshed the bull, mad with fear. He rnshed so swiftly that the wolves were left behind, since here for a space the ground was level to his feet. Gelazi looked on Umslopogaas at bis side, and grinned. ' You do not run so ill, my brother, who have been sick of late. See now if you can outrun me I Who shall touch tbe quarry first T ' ' Now the buU'was ahead by two spear- thro wa. Umslopogaaaiookedand grinned back at Galazi. -' Good !' ho cried, away !' . \- Tbey sped forward with a bound, ahd for a while it seemed to Umslopogaas as though they stood side by side, only the bull grew nearer and nearer. Then be put out his strength and the swiftness of his feet, and lo i -when he looked again he was alone, and the bnllwas very neap. Never were feet so swift as thoseLbf Umslopogaas. Now he reached I tbe bnll as be laboured op, Umslopogaas placed his bands upon the back of the buU fatfd leaped ; he was-onbim, faesathim as you white m.en eit a horse. Then . he lifted the spear in his hand, and drove it down between- tbe shoulders to the spine, and of a sudden the great buffalo staggered, stopped, and fell dead. Then Galari came np. ; " Who now is the swiftest, Galazi, ' cried Umslopogaae, 'I, or,yoD,or yonr wolf hosts' 'Yon Btohe-swiftpst,)pr<nriopogaas,' said . (jfalszi, gasping for his breath. 'Never did a man ran ; as yon rib,iigr everSfaall again.' . \- - Now the wolvescame np,-aud would 1 have torn the carcase, hut Gatazi heat them hack.andthey rested fittfaile. Then GaliZiw&idil;'-Isat us cutineat from the hullth-a'hjMisr.' / ; ; : So they ent ineatfromtoe bull, and wbeh they had ' finished Galazi motioned to th'e:wolves, and-they. fell upon the carcase, figb ting f pnpusly. .Yu = a , littlB while notbiim>as left-expept the large Jsopes, anSt'ach wolf had bnt a O J -- .Then th'werit 'ttek'to the cave and slept. i. Afterwards Umslopogaas told Galazi alltns taifondlPWsrijadtedfim « he would abidlxwithhim :anfl be )ub brother, and rule mthhlm orertoewolf-kind, or seek his father Mopo at the kraal of Cbaka. Umslopogaas said that it .was rather in his mind to seek his sister Nads, Tor he was weary of the kraal of Chaka, bnt he thought on Nads day and night. 'Where, then, is Nada, yonr sister ! asked Galazi. 'She tarries in the caves of yonr people, Galazi; 'she tarries with the Htiakari.' 'Stay a while, Umslopogaas,' cried Galazi; 'stay till we are men Indeed. Then we will seek this sister of yonrs and snatch her from the caves of the Halabari.' Now, tfae desire of this wolf-life had entered into the heart of Umslopogaas, and he said that it should be so, and on the morrow they made them blood- brethren, to be one till death, before all the company of the ghost-wolves, and the wolves howled when they smelt the diooa oi men. jji wi uiiugo uivuveiun-u these. two were equal, aud the -ghom wolvbs hearkened to jhe . voice of both of them. And on .many a moonlight night they and the wolves hunted together, -winning .-their Jipbd.1 At " rimes- tbey crossed the river, .noting ih tfae plains, and the people ofthe kraal -would come out heariog the mighty howling, and watch the packs weep across tbe plains, and with them a man dr. men. Then they jWbnld say that tbe " ghosts were abroad and creep, -into tbeir huts shiver ing witlf fear. Bdt -ae yet the" wolf- brethren and tbeir pack killed no then, but game only, or, at times, elephants and lions. Now, wben Umslopogaas had abode some moons in the Witch Mountain, on m niirfl 1 ha <1rnomai1 rir XTssii. dtnrl I awakening soft at heart, bethought him that be would learn tidings concerning i me, bis father, Mopn, and what had ! befallen me and her whom be deemed his mother, and Nada, his sister, and his other brethren. . So he dressed him self, hiding his nakedness, and, leaving Galaz', descended to that kraal where the old woman had dwelt, and there gave it out that he was a young mat), a chiefs owu uvu a tat piovvj wuuouuguv a w»iv, The people of the kraal l'stened to him though they held that fais look was fierce and wild, and one asked, if this were Galazi tbe Wolf, Galazi tfae Wizard. But another answered that this was not Galari, for their eyes had seen him. Umslopogaas said tbatheknew nothing of Galazi, and. little of wolves, and lo I while be spoke there came an impi of fifty mea and entered tbe kraal. Umslopogaas looked at the leaders ofthe impi.aod- knew .them for captains of Ohaks. At first he would have spoken to thetn," but his Ehtose bade him hold bis peace. So be sat in a corner of the big bnt and listened. Presently the headman of the kraal, who trembled with fear, for be believed that the impi had been Bent to destroy him and all that was bis, asked of the captain what was bis will. ' A little matter, and a vain,' said the captiio. 'We are sent by the king to search for a certain youth, Umslopogaas, tbe son of Mopo, theking'sdoctor. Mopo gave it out that the youth was slain by a lion near these mountains, and Chaka would learn if ibis is true.' ' We know nothing of the youth,' said tbe headman. ' But what would ye of him !' ' Only this,' answered the captain, 'to kill him.' 'That is yet to do,' thought Umslopo gaas. 'Who is this Mopo!' asked tilt headman. 'An evildoer, whose house the king has eaten up — man, woman, and child,' answered tbe captain. CHAPTER XV. the death of the king's slayers. WhenUmilopogaas heard these words bis heart was heavy, and a great anger burned in his breast, for he thonght that I, Mopo, was dead with the rest of his' house, and he loved me. .But he said nothing ; only, watching til! none were looking, he slipped past the backs of the captains and won tbe door of the hut, Soon he was clear of the kraal, and. running swiftly, crossed the river and came to the Ghost Mountain. Mean while, the captain asked the headman of the kraal if he knew anything of snch a youth as him for whom they sought. The headman told tfae captain of Galazi the Wolf, bat the captain said that this could not be he, for Galazi had dwelt many moons npon the Ghost Mountain. There is another yonth,' said the headman ; a stranger, fierce and strong and tall, with eyes that shine like spears. He is in tbe hut now ; he sits yonder in the shadow.' The captain rose and looked into the shadow, but Umslopogaas was gone. 'Now, this youth is fled,' said the headman, ' and yet none saw him fly 1 Perhaps he a'so is a wizard 1 Indeed,. I have heard that now there are two of thetn upon the Ghost Mountain, and that they hant there at night with the ghost-wolves, but I do not know if it is true.' Now, I am. minded to slay yon,' said the captain in wrath, because yon have suffered this youth to escape me ! Without doubt it is Umslspr»gaas,-son of Mopo.' ' It is no fault of mine,' said the headman. ' These young men are wiztrds, who cinpass hitherand thither at will. But I sty this to von, captain of the king, if you will go on the Ghost Monotaiu, you must. go there alone with your soldiers; for none in these parts dare-to tread upph at toonntain ' j ' Yet I shall dare to-morrow? said the captain. ' We grow- brave at the kraal of Chaka. There men -do not fear spears or ghosts or wild beasts -or magic, S>u .they fear the king's word alone.' The son sets— give ns food. - To-morrow we will search the : mountain.' . > " Thus, my " father, ! did this captain apeak in his folly ha yyho should never seeroiother sun. j Now, Umslopogaas reached the mountain, and. when he had passed tbe foriist-of whicb'he f-had jls»rned Xe very secret way— the darkness 'gathered, and the jvolves awoke in tte darkrieas phd drew near; howling." UmslOpogaah bowled iu answer, snd presently that great- -wolf Deathgrip came to him. Umslopogaas saw him and called him by his name ;hut,.!hobold ! the brain difl-Sffa drnoWAimf jBndsflewgttjftrin, growling. -'Then UmSltipogBaa remem- it was that the wolf Deathgripknew him not. For though inJhe daytime, " when the wolves slept,- he might . pass to. and fro without the ekin, at - night it - was not so. He' had not brought' the skin, heeanse be mnst not wear it in the sight of . the men of the kraal, lest ' they shonld know him for one of the Wolf-Brethren, and it -had notibeen his plan to seek "'the mountain again that . night, bnt . . rather pn the piorrow,. ' Now Umslopogaas knew that his danger was great indeed. He beat back.Desthgrip with hiskerrie, bnt others were behind him, for: the wolves gathered fast. Then he bounded away towards the cave; , and be was , so swift of foot that the wolves could hot catch -him; though, they- pressed him hard, and once, the teeth of one of them tore hlsmoocha. Never before did' he run so fast, and in the end he reached the cave and rolled the rock to, and as he did so the wolves dashed themselves against it. Then he c)ad himself in the hide of the she'-wolf, abd, pushing 'aside the stone, came nut.' And, !o 1 the eyes ofthe wolves "were opened, acdnfcheyr knew him for one ofthe brethren who ruled over them, and slunk away at fais - bidding. \- Now, Umslopogaas eat himself down at the month' of the cave waiting for Galazi, and he thonght. Presently.Galazi came, and- in a few words Umslopogaas told bim all his tale. 'You have run a great risk, my. brother,' said Galazi. ' What now!' This? said Umslopogats : 1 these people of onrs are huogry : for the blood of men ; let us feed them fall on the: soldiers of Chaka, who sit yonder at the kraal seeking my life. I would take vengeance for Mopo, my father, . and all my brethren who are dead, and for my mothers, tbe wives of Mopo. What say you !' Galazi -laughed aloud. ' That will be merry, my brother,' he said. I weary of hunting beasts, let us hunt men to night.' 'Ay, to night,' said Umslopogaas, nodding. 1 1 long to look upon that captain as a maid Iong9 for her lover's kiss. But first let us rest and eat, for the night is young ; then, Galazi sum mon our impi.' So they rested and ate, and after wards went out armed, and Galazi howled to the wolves, and they came in tens and intwentiestiilallwere gathered together. Galazi moved among tbem, shaking the Watcher, as tbey sat npon their hunches, and followed him with their fiery eyes. 1 We do not hunt game to-night, little people,' he cried, 'but men, and ye love the flesh of men.' ; Now b11 the wolves bowled as though j they understood. Then tbe pack divided i themselves as was tbeir custom, tbe she- ; wolves following Umslopogaas, the dog- wolves following Galazi, and in silence they moved swifdy down towards the plain. They came to the river and swam it, and there, eight spear throws away, on tbe farther side of the river was the kraal. Now, the Wolf-Brethren took counsel together, and Galazi, with the dog-wolves, went to the north gate, and Umslopogaas with the she-wolves to the sonth gate. They came there safely and in silence, for at tbe bidding of tbe brethren the wolves ceased from their howling. The gates were stopped with thorns, but the brethren pulled out the thorns and made a passage. As tbey did this it chanced that certain -dogs in tbe kraal beard the sound of the stirred bonghs,, and awakening, cangbt the smell of the wolves that were . with Umslopogaas, for the wind blew from that quarter. The dogs ran ont barking, and presently they came to the sonth gate of the kraal, and flew at Umslopogaas, who pulled away the thorns. Now, when the wolves saw the dogs tbey could be restrrioed no longer, but sprang on them and tore them to fragments, and the sound of their worrying came to the ears of the soldiers of Chaka and of the dwellers in the kraal, so that they sprang from sleep, snatching their arms. And as they' came out of the huts they saw in the moon light a man wearing a wolfs hide rushing acrosB the empty cattle kraal, for - the grass; was long aud the cattle were out to graze, and with him countless wolves, black and grey. Then they cried aloud in terror, saying that the ghosts were on them, and turned to fleo to the north gate of the kraal. Bat; behold 1 here aiSO iDej uieu t uiAU uwu iu a wuu s skin only, and with him' countless wolves, black and grey. Now, some flung themselves to earth screaming in tbeir fear, and some strove to ran away, but the greater part of the soldiers, and with then some of the men of the kraal, came together in knots, minded to die like men at teeth of.tbe ghosts, and that though tbey shook with fear. Then Umslopogaas howled aloud, and howled Galazi, and theiy flung themselves upon tbe soldiers and the people of the kraal, and. with them came the wolves. Then a crying and a baying rose np to i heaven as tbe grey wolves leaped and i bit and tore. Little they heeded the : spears and the kerries of the soldiers. ; Some were killed but the rest didnot! stay. Presently the knots of men-broke j -up;. aod to -each - man wolves hang) by' twos and threes, dragging him to earth, j tSome few fled, indeed, but the wolves! Aliam tin rroon anil snonf ann uuubcu vuoul aijr gang uu. "ww aa», pulled tbem down before they passed! the gate of the kraal. Soon all were down, and there was nothing to be beard but the noise; of - worrying and oft the dreadful death of men. The Wolf-Brethren alsoTraveued with (tbe rest. Busy was the' "Watcher,|aoc many bowed beneath him, and often -the spear of Umslopogaas flashed in te moonlight.; . It was'- finjjshal ; nope jwere Irit liring in thstkraalifiud th| wolgts qpnwiea snirauy miuisw thfirhll, Htfey wbo had tieen hungry fr> they had ntfiiSose- who hM 'been-' sent 1 outK to-'hlaugKfer.TUey itlfedto'Jhe wolimgjbidding thhmJjch tbidiufre, and thalwolf(M\efil&ed;'riib i|iato.as' jdogB Wtor e"Qthicl| ahp thOTfonrthjto bdnSriptere- tuddenumBerf, anff the hnn seen the-face®ffl&eooiBU; : It was that I oaptain (which TUhaka- had «ent «utrto) kiU'-hto 'Hhi'<tiriiemhaiij)?Wd stalked np to the captain, saying : Greet ing to yon, captain of the kln'g 1 Now tell nB what is yonr errand here,bpnpath -the shadow of her who sits in stone V -and he pointed with his spear to the grey Witch on the Ghost mountain, on which the moon shone brightly. -Now, thecaptain had -a great heart, though he had -hidden from .rite wolves, and -auswereci boldly — ' ' What i8 -that to yon 'wizard!: Your ghost-wolves have made an end to my errand. Leathern make an r end to. me also.' .. V , i |j \- 'Be not in haste, captain? said Um slopogaas. 'Say, did yon not seek a certain youth, the son of Mopo !' ' That is so,' answered the captain. ' I songht one yonth, and I have fonnd many -evil spirits,' and he looked at the wolves tearing their way and shuddered. ' Say, captain,' quoth Umslopogaas, .drawing back his hood cf wolf's hide so that the moonlight fell on his face, ' is this the face of that yonth whom yon sought f ' It is the face,' answered the captain; astonished. '.Ay,' laughed Umslopogaas, 'it -is the face. Fool 1 I knew your errand and heard yonr words, and thus have I answered them,' and he pointed to the. dead. 'Now, choose, and swiftly. -Will you run for your life and swiftly against my wolves ! Will you do battle ; for your lives. againBt these four!' and be pointed to Greysnout and to Black fang, to Blood and to Deathgrip, who watehed him" with shivering lips ; ' or. will yon stand face to face with me, and if I am slain with him" who bears the club, add with whom I rule this people black acd grey !' ' I fear ghosts, bnt of men I have no fear, though they be wizards,' answered. 1 Good,' cried Umslopogaas, shaking bis spear ! Then they rushed together, and that fray was fierce. For presently the spear of Umslopogaas was brokenin the shield of the captaio and he was left weapon less.' Now, Umslopogaas turned and fled swiftlv. bounding over the dead and the wolves who preyed npon them, and the captain followed with uplifted spear, and mocked him as he came. Galazi also wondered that Umslopogaas should fly from a single man. Hither and I thither fled Umslopogaas, and . always , I his eyes were on the earth. Of a sudden, | Galazi, who watched, saw him sweep ! forward like a bird aud stoop to the | ground. Then he wheeled round, and j lo ! in his hand there was an axe. The j captain rushed at him, aod Umslopogaas : smote as he rushed, and the blade of tbe | great spear that was lifted to pierce him fell to the ground hewn from its haft. Again Umslopogaas smote : the moon- shaped axe sank through the stout ' shield deep into the breast byeond. Then the captain threw up his arms aud sank to the earth. ' Ah 1' cried U mslopogaas, ' you Bought a yonth to slay him, and have fonnd an axe to be slain by it ! Sleep softly, captain of Chaka.' Then Umslopogaas spoke to Galazi, Saying : ' My brother, I will fight no more with tbe spear, but with the axe alone ; it was to seek an axe that I ran to and fro like a coward. But this is a poor thing ! See, tbe haft is split because bf the greatness of my stroke ! Now, this is my desire — to win that great axe of Jikiza, which is called Groan- Maker, of which -we have heard tell, so that axe and club may stand together iu the fray.' ' That mnstbeforaDOtber night,' said Galari. ' We have not done ao ill for once. Now; let ns search for pots and corn, of which we stand in need, and then to toe mountain before dawn find ns.1' , -. Thus; then, did . the Wolf-Brethren, bring death on the impi of Chaka, and tbis yras.but the firpt of many deaths 1 1 that they ' wrought with'the help, of the wolves. "For ever they ravened through the Und.at. night, and, falling on those I they hated, 'they Ate them tip, till , their . name and the name of the1 ghost-wolves ' became terrible in the ears of men, aod the laud- was ' swept ' clean. But they found that the wolves would not go : abroadto worry everywhere. Thus, bo : a certain .night, -tbey set ont to fall upon thej- kraaispf ",the People of the Axe, where- dwelt the chiefjikiza, who was hamed the Uncenquered, and owned the axe Gro'an-Miker, but When they neared the kraal' the Wolves turned back and (led. Then GaJari -remembered t.Hat dream which he had --dreamed, is which the Dead Oseis'tbtr&is; had seemed to speak, telling him -that there only where -the men-eaters hadTbnnted ln the past might. the wolves hunt to-day. So they returned, again, tint Umslopogaas set himself to find a plan to win the axe. . CHAPTER XVI. umslopogaas ventures out" to win the axe. - - Now, many moons had gone by since Umslopogaas became a king of the wolves, and he was a man fall grown, a man fierce and tall .and keen; a slayer of meo,' fleet of' foot and of valour unequalled, seeing by night as well as by day. Bat he was not yet named the Slaughterer, and not yet ;did heboid that iron-chieftriness, , the axe Groan- Maker. Still, thia was foremost in his rnibd. to : win'-- the axe ; f or no woman naa .entered mere, woo wnen sne enters -drives' out all; other-;- desire; — ay, my -father, even thataof good weapons. L At times,' indeed,; UoaslopogaaB would 'inrk inthe reedaby-the river looking 'at the -kraal of. jikiza . toe Untonquared, and woald -watch the gates of his kraal, and once as he lurked he saw man great 'find' broad and hairy, who bore npon .'his ahonlder a shining axe, halted with jthe Iiorn of a ) rhinoceros. jAfter ,ihat his guedlforjihisiaxa entered into Umslopa- pawmsu ware, uu at lengu lie scarcely .could sleep for thinking of it, ami 'fib GalisSbeApoke- Wflifctle else, , wearyiog.htm much with his talk. .But for aUfais: longing he oould 'find no meanS to win.-It.- sOTSHiJ' Now, it befell that as 'U mslopogaas larked one evening in the xpeds, patch ing the kraal Of Jikizi, he aaw a cnaiden Straight and falr.- whoBe akin shone like the copper ankletgon 'her 'limba She) walked dowhringjjlj&Tarda; the reeda where he UaWsrotfd ebe stop at thelMhk entoriH them and Bat heraSttfiBirtPwithin a spear's; length of whereftaslopogaas lay hid,' and at once bbgaAjto'-weep, speaking to: herself as die wt«fc > i ' '« - m» 4 KWotidtoAtoojgiiot fall on him andr.all that /is his,' shej sobbed, ' ay, and on Masilo also 1 1 would hotud them. phi .even myself I must; next know their fangs'.-; 'Better - to -die) by the teeth of the wolves than to bej Bold to thfo fat pig of a Masilo ; Oh ! if -I mnst wed him, I' mil gave him a knife for the bride's kiss. Oh I tbat.I - were lady of the ghost-wolves, there 'shonld be a' picking of bones in' the " kraal of Jikiza before the moon grows . young again.' Umslopogaas heard, -and of a ' sadden reared himself np before the maid, and he was great and ;wild to look on," and the she-woIFs fangs shone npon his brow. V ; The gboBt-wolves are; at ; hand, damsel,' he said. They are everVthahd for those who need them.' : Now the maid. saw him and screamed faintly,' then grew silent, wondering at the greatness acid the fierce eyes of the man who spoke to her. : Who are von ? she asked. 'T fear you hot, whoever you are.' '.There yon are wrong, .' damsel, for all men fear me, and they have canto to fear. I am one of tile Wolf-Brethren, whose names have been told of ; lam a wizird of tbe Ghost Mountain. . Take' heed, now, lest L kill you. It will 'be. of little avail to rail upon your people? for my -feet are fleeter than theirs.' 'I have no wish to call npon my people, Wolf- Man,' she answered. ' And forthe rest, I am too young to kill.' ' That is so, maiden,' answered Um- elopogaas, looking at her beauty. What were the words upon your lips as to Jikiza and a certain Masilo ! Were they not fierce words, Bach as my heart likes well ?' ' It seems that you heard them,' answered the girL ' What need to waste breath in speaking them again !' ' No need, maiden. Now, tell me your story ; perhaps I may find a way to; help you.' ' There is little lo tell,' she answered. ' It is a small tale and a common. My name is Zinita, and Jikiza the Uncon- qnered is my step-father. He married my mother, who is dead, bat none of his blood is in me. JNow, he would give me iu marriage to a certain Masilo, a fat man and old, whom I hate, because Masilo offers many cattle for me.' ' Is there, then, another whom you woald : wed maiden ? asked Umslopo gaas. . 'There is none,' answered Zinita, looking him in the eyes. ' And is there no path by which you may escape from Masilo !' ' There is only one path, Wolf-Man — by death. If I die, I shall escape ; if Masilo dies, I shall escape ; bat to little end, for Ishtllbe given to another; bnt if Jikiza dies, then it will be well. What of that wolf- people of yours, are they not hungry, Wolf-Man!' 'I may not bring them here,' answered Umslopogaas. 'Is there no a tier way !' ' There is another way,' said Ziuita, ' if one can be found to try it,' and again she looked at bim strangely, causing the blood to beat within him. ' Hearken 1 do you not know bow our people are governed ! They are governed by him who holds the axe Groan-Maker. He tbat can win the axe in war from tbe band of him who holds it, he shall be oar chief. Bat if he who holds tbe. axe dies onconquered, then his 'son takes his place and with it tbe axe. It has been thus, indeed, for four generations, since he who held Groan-Maker has always been unconquerable. But I have heard this, that the great-grandfather of Jikiza won the axe from him who held it in his day ; he won it- by fraud. For when the axe had fallen on him but lightly, he fell over, feigning death. Then the owner of the axe lahghed, and turned to walk away. But the fore father of Jikiza sprang-np behind him and pierced him through with a spear, and thus become chief of the Feople of the Axe. Therefore, it is the enstou of Jikiza to hew off the beads of those whom he kills with the axe.' ' Does he, then, slay many !' asked Umslopogaas. ' Of lata years, few indeed,' she said, ' for none dare stand against him — no, not with all to win. For, holding the axe Groan-Maker, he is nnconquerable, and to fight with him is snre death. Fifty-and-one have tried in all, and before tbe hnt of Jikiza there are piled fifty-and-one white skulls. And know this, the axe must bs won in fight ; if it is stolen or found, it has no virtue — nay, it brings shame and death to bim who uoius ii. ' How, then, may a man give battle to Jikiza? he asked again. ' Thus : Once in every year, on the first day of the new moon of the summer season, Jikiza holds a meeting of the headmen. Then he must rise and challenge all or any to come forward and do battle with bim to win the axe and become chief in his place. Now, if one comes forward, they go into tbe cattle kraal, and there the matter is ended. Afterwards, when the head is hewn from his foe, Jikiza goes back to the meeting of the headmen, and they talk as before. All are free to come to the meeting, and Jikiza must fight with them if they will it, whoever they be.' 'Perhaps I shall be there,' said Umslopogaas. ' After this meeting at tbe monn, I am to be given in marriage to Masilo,' eaid the maid. '. But should one conquer ikizo, tuen no win ut cuiei, and ran give me in marriage to whom he will. Now, Umslopogaas understood ber meaning, and knew that he had fonnd favour in her right ; and the thought moved him a little, for women were strange to' him as yet. .. ' If perchance I should be there,' he said, 'and if perchance I should win the iron'Ohieftauess, the axe Groan-Maker, and rule- over the, Feople of the Axe, yv u eituuiu uut uvo ui uuui vua ouruvw of the axp thencefoward, Maid Zinita.' ; 'It is well, Wolf-Man, toongh some might -not wito to dwelliothat shadow ; but first yon muBt sin the axe. Matty have tried, and all have failed.'. . ' Yet one must succeedat last, ' he said, ' and iSO, farewell !' And be leaped : into the torrentof the riverandewam it with great strokes. Now the maid Zinita watched him rill he was gone, and love of him entered' ioto hCTTieartffc love' that; was-jSerce nndjerious afi5ifMtig.-(.'l','Bat;tos,;hB" wended rto -.the -Ghost , - Moaotaia Umslopbgaas ;-thoughtv ;tttbriv - of Xb -G'n-Makririfan of Maid ;Zinito ; for Jeyrj git toe hptoom, Ums1opogiuJ.9yBd war morethan.womeq? toough tols'jwB bean hisfate, that women have brought sorrow on his head. / Fifteen days must pales-' before -the day bf the new moon, and during ; this rime Umslopogaas thought much and said little: Still, he fold' Galari some thing of toe talc, and that' he was determined in 'do battle with' Jikiza' the Unconqnered for fhe axe Groan-Maker. Galari said that he would do well to let it; be; and that it was better to stky with the wolves than to go ont seeking for strange weapons. He 'said also that ev/en if he won theffra, the matter might not stay there, for he must take the girl also, and his heiirt boded- no good of women. It had been a girl who slew his father in the kraals ' of the HalakazL To all of which Umdopb- gaas said. nothing, for his heart waf set bothpn the axe and the girl, bat inore on toe first than tbe lastl ! So the time wore on, end at length camethe-dav of -lim-nnw-mnrm — Al, Mip dawn of that (day Umslopogaas aroBe and ; clad himself- ih-R-(nodcha, binding the j Bhe- woIFs shin ronnd his middle beneath the mooch®- In Ms hand he took a . stout s fighting shield, which he had made of ibnfloalo hide, and that same light paoon- jshaped axe with which he had slain 'the captain of Chaka. 4 A poor weapon with which to kill 'Jikiza the Unconqnered,' said Galazi, eyeing.it askance. ' It shall serve my turn,' answered Umslopogaas. : ; How, Umslopogaas ate, and then they moved together slowly down the moun tain and crossed the river by a ford, for he would save bis strength. On the farther aide .of. the tirar Galazi hid him- self in the reeds, heeanse his face was known, Bnd there Umslopogaas bade him farewell, not knowing if he should look opon him again. Afterwards he walked np to the GreatPalace of Jikiza. Now, when he reached the gates of the kraal, he saw that many people were streaming through them, and mingled with the people. Presently tbey came to the Open space in front of the huts of Jikiza, and there the headmen were gathered together. In the centre of them. and before a heap of the skulls of men which werepiled upagainst his doorposts sat Jikiza; ahuge man, ahai'ry and a proud, who glared about him rolling his eyes. Fastened to his arm by a thong of leather was the great axe Groan-Maker, and each man as he came up saluted tb e axe, calling it ' ' InkosUcaas ,' or chieft- ainess, bnt he did not salate Jikiza. Umslopogaas sat down with tbe people io front of the counsellors, acd few took, any notice of him, except Zinita, who moved sullenly to and fro bearing pots of beer to the counsellors. Near to Jikiza, on bis right band, sat a Tat man with small and twinkling eyes, who watched the maid Zinita greedily. ' Yon man,' thought Umslopogaas, ' is Masilo. The better for blood-letting wilt thou be, Masilo.' Presently Jikiza spoke, rolling bis eyes : ' This is the matter before yon, counsellors. I have settled it in my mind to give my daughter Zinita in marriage to Masilo, bnt tbe marriage gift is Dot yet agreed oo. I demand a hundred head of cattle from Masilo, for the maid ie fair and straight, a proper maid, aod, moreover, my daughter, though not bf my blood. But Masilo offers fifty bead only, therefore I ask of you to settle it.' ' We hear you, Lord of the Axe,' answered one of the counsellors, ' but first, O Unconquered, you must on this day of the year, according to ancient custom, give public challenge to any man to fight you for tbe Groan-Maker and for your place as chief of the People of the Axe.' ' This is a wearisome thing,' grnmbled Jiklzi. 'Can I never have dune with it! Fifty-and-three have I slain la my youth without a wound, and now for many years I faave challenged, like a cock on a daoghil), and. none crow in answer. ' Ho, now 1' is there any man who will come forward and do battle with me, Jikiza, for the great axe Groan- Maker! To him who can -win it, it shall be, and with it tbe chieftaieship of the Feople of the Axe.' ' Thus he spoke very fast, as -a man gabbles a prayer to a spirit in whom he bas little faith, then turned once more to talk of the cattle of Masilo, and of the maid ' Zinita. But suddenly Umslopogaas etood np, looking at him over the top of his war shield, and crying, ' Here is one, O Jikiza, who will do battle with you for tbe sxe Groan- Maker and for the chief taioship that is to bs bim who holds the axe.' Now, all the people laughed, and Jikiza glared at him. ' Come forth from behind that big shield of yours,' he said. ' ComB forth and tell me your name and lineage — yon who would do battle with the Un- 1 conquered for the ancient axe.' Then Umslopogaascameforward, and he looked bo fierce, though he was but young, that the people laughed no more. 'What is my name and lineage to you, Jikiza f he said. ' Let it be, and hasten to do rae battle, as yoa must by the custom, for I am eager to handle the Groan-Maker and to ait in your seat and settle this matter of tbe cattle of Masilo the Pig. When I have killed yon I will take a name, who how have none.' . Now, once more the people ianghed, hut Jikiza.grew mad with wrath, and sprang np gasping. ' What !' he said, ' you dare to speak thas to me, you babe uuweaned, to me the Unconqnered, the holder of tbe axe 1 Never did I think to live to hear such talk from a long-legged pup. On to the cattle kraal, to the cattle kraal, People of the Axe, that I may hew this braggart's bead from his ahoulders. He would stand in my place, would he !; — the place that I aod my fathers have hSld'for four generations by virtue of the axe. T tell you all that presently- I will stand upon his head, and . then we wQl settle the matter of Masjlb.'; ' , 'Babble not so fast, man,' qnoth TJmslopogaaV'br if you / niust" babble, speak those words which .you would . ha V ere you bid the sun farewell.' : Now, Jikiza ehofced with rage, and -foam rams upon his lips eo that he could not speak, but the /people found this sport— ail except Masilo/ who, looked "aSkAhbe a'tliis istrangerj till wnd J fierce, and Zinita who looked at Masilb, and - with oo lqto- Sp they all moved dbwn to toe cattle 'kraal, and Galazi,1 seeing it rftom'afarj-tohld keep away no longer,; but drew meat and . mingled with the :crowi!.- ,1'Vcia iJ(Tbie coiftitiiKd.) 