A Woman of Forty. A Monograph. By Esme StujlBT, Author of ' Joan Vellacot,' 'Muriel's Marriage,' ' A Fair Damzell,' &c;, &c;, &c.; CHAPTER IV. Magdalen Cuthljert's house was in Wilton Crescent. It was not large, but very comfortable, and amply sufficed for her needs, ber visitors not being numerous. Her father had been .in only son, and she was bis only child. She luid one married aunt, whose children came occasionally to stay 'with her. Magdalen was fond of her cousins, and they kindly allowed her to do a good deal for them : for their father, tbe llev. Beujamiu Watson, was a poor man, or she is a happy being, who has 110 poor relations. Magdalen's cousins came when it was convenient and left her to herself when they did not want any thing ; but she uevcr resented their conduct, for she bad an exaggerated idea of blood relationship. Hc-r father had been for years before his death a great invalid. Always a. book-worm, he had, even before he fell ill, refused to exert himself ; so be had fouud Mrs. Stewart, the widow of a spendthrift admiral, to come and chaperon his daughter when she first grew up. Things were apt to become institutions in that household, and Mrs. Stewart had followed the general rule. She bad remained there ever since, and having taken kindly to society, wliich she ac cepted in a sleepy manner, she made herself very comfortable and happy in spite of having so little in common with Magdalen Cuthbert. It need hardly be said that when younger Magdalen had ruled her, and she did so still.' Mrs. Stewart knew Miss Cuth bert's peculiarities so well that now she hardly noticed them. Magdalen liked to be left alone, and was given to long fits of silence. Mrs. Stewart said ' it was all the result of ' that affair ;' ' but she had always been a strong-willed woman, and would not always remain bo. it was the fashion for people to talk a good deal about heredity. Mrs. Stewart, who was old-fashioned, thought it a curious subject to discuss a fond; still, as, because of this doctrine, nobody was now answerable for their virtues or their faults, it followed that Magdalen was exempt from blame, and, when all was said, she was as generous a woman as you could find. The widow was not given to analysing character ; she preferred living her life of parties abroad and knitting at home. She knitted for the poor, and, considering bow much she got through in a year, it was really wonderful any deserving poor went barefooted. She only knitted for the deserving. Magdalen gave Mrs. Stewart more love than she received from her, but the outward expression of it was a little uncertain. There were long intervals when Mrs. Stewart seemed to her unbearable, just because she was there and could not be got rid of ; on the other hand, bad Miss Cuthbert found an opportunity of sending away her companion she would not have taken advantage of it. This evening, for instance, she would have given ten pounds to have driven hojtne alone, but she could not drop her old friend out of the window, so she did the next best thing, and treated her as if she were not there. Wrapped in her white shawl she leant back in the brougham and tried to still the beating of her heart by tightly folding ber arms across it, as if the physical pain was the cause of her mental agony. When she reached home she went upstairs as soon as possible, and dismissing her maid locked her door ; then, drawing the curtain back, threw herself into an armchair to collect the wild thoughts that made every pulse vibrate, and every nerve acutely sensible. And all this agitation was caused by the sound of those two words — Percy Chester. ' He knew him, knew him out there. How could I have expected it ? New Zealand is such a big place. He was his friend ; be knew her, too, per haps. I must, must hear more about him. Fool that I am, after all these year6, and only his name in the papers — that was all I saw, that was bad enough ; but now here, in Loudou is a mau who knew him, knew him. O God ; and I never guessed it.' She seemed to be suffocating, and rose quickly to throw up the sash. Her window looked out upou the square, which was silent now except for the occa sional rattle of a passing cab. -The evening breeze blew softly ainoug her waving hair, and the moon light rested ou the lace and neck of the beautiful woman. She was iilone now, alone, and she could afford to be natural. Her ordinary life wras, and she kuew it well — one great piece of acting. She had studied her words, her looks, her very attitudes, till studied life seemed the most natural part of her. She was such a complex woman ; not more so, per haps, than thousands of other human beings, but she realised it more, aud iu that she suffered more than those who are willing to let the passing hour, or even the passing minute, guide them. Magdalen was not like that : she argued from one standpoint, and that standpoint was Percy Chester. That story which touched her so nearly came back to her this evening iu almost all its freshness. Her strong nature, like all strong natures, eouid suffer from the memory of tbe past, and could suffer also by anticipation ; but she possessed in a great degree that capacity for happiness which cold-blooded people can never understand. .? Yes, eveu uow, as she suddenly opened a drawer, aud seized a packet of letters, and took from one of them a man's photo graph, Magdalen's face changed suddenly ; she for got everything that was sad, an(T standing up as she gazed at the portrait aud exquisite look of happiness passed over her face. She saw Percy Chester as she had first known him and loved him : she remembered how she— no, not a woman like the present Mag daleu Cuthbert, but another Magdalen, an intensely loving, passionate, generous- hearted woman — a woman of twenty-five, with every good impulse ready to increase a thousandfold iu the sunshine of happiness, ready to sacrifice herself where she loved, and to.be forgiving where she hated — a woman as well able to admire as to scorn and despise all that was mean, ungenerous, and sinful as any living. That Magdalen had thought little of her beauty, had' hardly realised its power, perhaps even iu those early days it had uot been qeite so striking as it was now ; but she had been capable of loving, and at : times it seemed as if she were now incapable of it, only of hating. Then she bad hidden nothing of her great love ; she bad not cared to hide it. This Percy, with his handsome face, his fascinating man ners, 'his conscious power, his calm possession, his assured belief in himself, his touch of tbe adven ? turous, he had seemed made to captivate Magdalen Cuthbert. She was not a nature that was easily won, the resisting force had been closely allied to the passionate element as yet hardly developed in her ; but this resistance had been her charm. Percy had before Avon bo easily and bo often, 'without having got into serious scrapes, or, at all events, none which ihe world knew of, he had somehow managed to im bibe an idea that he had but to put forth the power of bis charm in order to conquer. Magdalen Cuthbert .had crossed his path, and her unusual beauty, even'' then differing utterly from the pink and white simpering type of womanhood, had entirely fascinated him. He had paused, admired, and in spite of this she had appeared unaware of his meaning. He felt piqued, he returned to the attack,, and determined to lay siege in good earnest. But it is dangerous to play at this game. - Cupid may often he represented as a naked cherub handling a bow'' that would not kill a sparrow, but bis appearance is deceptive ; this pigmy ~s certainly the oldest inhabitant of the world, and his power is altogether disproportionate tohisswe. In playing with fire — fire that at first only just warmed him — Percy had been first singed, then scorched, then he hadfaucisd his whole happiness de pended in winning this perfect woman for his wife. He had not in the least understood her character, but be worshipped the outside perfection. He bad be come constant for her sake, he added truth to his form er power of fascination, and after all there was much in her to reward bini. Magdalen was a woman, and she had never been in love before. One morn ing she awoke to the realisation of the meaning of the word love, to the sweet agony of being absorbed by one idea, to the knowledge that she could aud would sacrifice herself if necessary for Percy Chester's good. Magdalen could, alas ! if she chose, always conjure back a certain garden in Surrey : she could iu her dream find herself under a softly murmuring beech tree, she could hear Percy's tones, she could feel again tbe touch of his hand, the electric current of strong feeling when he bad told her of lus passionate love, and that he must win her or die It is said that every woman has lived through this supreme moment, or might experience it if she chose. We doubt it, aud certainly to only a few natures is it granted to give and to receive perfect and passionate love. Magdalen had not given' her love without a struggle, but oiice given the joy had seemed almost too great, too wonderful ; she bad not even had the strength to say ' Yes ' to Percy Chester's flood of passionate rhetoric. She had leant against the beech bole and tbe beating of her heart had rendered her mute ; but she had lifted her blue eyes, and their blue had been dimmed with tears, not from a' ' divine despair :' but a divine love. Life possesses nothing more beautiful, nothing more mysterious, than this love, and Percy Chester suddenly realised it. His flow of words ceased, his strong manly arms taught gentleness by love had encircled her, this wondrous Magdalen, and in one pure, passionate kiss their hearts had joined. This evening Magdaleu saw the whole scene re peated: she seemed to feel the kiss again, to rest once more against the strong arm, to fiud breath at last to say, as she had done that day, ' Oh, Percy, is it truer'' She seemed to bear his very tone as lie answered, 'Yes, Magdalen, till death,' and then her weary brain made a bound, it leapt over that year of happiness and ? alighted on another period, one which she represented to herself by the figure of a black curtain slowly, very slowly, let down from heaven till her whole sky was hidden aud she was left in utter darkness, a darkness which had re mained, a darkness which bad ever since turned day into night, and which had caused her always to go groping on to find some support. ' It did not kill me,' shesaidnow, as she suddenly dropped the photograph and the letters upon the floor. ' ' Strange, or can it be possible that I am merely a ghost, a being without a soul, that it went away then when he left England ? There are strange things in life ; is thi6 one impossible ? ' The clock struck 1, and a colder breath stirred the soft folds of her dress ; she had not even taken the trouble to take off her beautiful gown, she knew that she would have to think it out. It was very very rarely that Magdalen allowed herself to begin think ing, but when she did so some irresistible avenger forced her to go through tho whole scene — to begin at the beginning, when she had first been introduced to Percy, and to go on and on, to pause under that beech tree, to feel the thrill of intense happiness, and then again to go on and on till the black cur taiu began to descend to shut out inch by inch her sky of blue, her happiness. That first little edge of black had been so narrow, hardly noticeable. She remembered it even as a line of white wbeu a certain married pair had settled near to them. The wife was a pretty little fluffy fair tiling, a little angel in appearance when dressed to perfec tion, and outwardly joined the innocence of the first Eve with her beauty. A little soft affectionate crea ture, whose very baby face and baby hands spoke of everything except guile. But some evil star had shone, the baby woman had also seen Percy, and he had played with her at first, as one does with a kitten, what did it matter, she had a husband and he was cugaged ; both were quite safe. Magdalen was sometimes too much iu earnest, too devoted, too admiring. The fair fluffy kitten said little amusing things, sharp like a drop of vinegar ; she scolded the big Percy, takiug up an amusing stand-point of a married woman ; she laughed at him for being so very devoted, and she unfortu nately found out that Magdalen had not the sense of the ludicrous. She had a passion for amus ing herself this little thing whilst her husband liked fishing, and you could not expect a woman to turn into an everlasting water nymph to please her hus band. She adored horses and hunting, so did Percy. Magdaleu was nervous on horseback, and .... why enumerate any more ? It is a common story, so common that every day our newspapers contain more or less detailed accounts of such narratives, and the beginning of those trials, that end with a respondent and a co-respondent, is as often as not begun iu ? just such harmless ways, and the heroines are as often as not little, soft pretty fluffy, delicate women who are bored, who want amusement, who are blasir, who find a dull husband hell upou earth, aud some body's handsome lover a glimpse of heaven. Really the details are not interesting — after a time Zola or others may give them, but they pall upon one, they are true but not amusing, the hollow life rings out — hollow laugh and the death's head peep out below the pink and white flesh. There is seldom one ennobling struggle to compensate the mind for the sickening details, there is seldom even one defeat which is as good as a victory. A man is a very weak instrument in the hands of a woman of that sort. Lily M'lntyre pitted against Magdaleu Cuthbert was as a strong silk cord com pared'with a gossamer thread. Percy found himself one day tied and bound with tbe silk cord, he strug gled feebly, but it is not easy to struggle when a fluffv kitten is looking on laughing softly, and Mag dalen, iu ber noble, generous, unsuspectingness, woke up one day to realise, with the first seed of jealousy, the first idea of suspicion iu her heart. That is yet another story, another well-known struggle, another oft told tale, aud the end, too, is painfully unoriginal — the waking up and seeing finis at tbe end of a page of one's life, when tbe life has apparently only just begun ; the sudden news, told with almost brutal sympathy, that one's lover has eloped with another man's wife, and that they have both left the country. When Magdalen reached this point, even now, she opened her blue eyes wide as if she would look into the invisible, as if she must see farther, as if she must follow him and know more. Finding this impossible, she rose and began nervously to undo her dress. She wrapped herself up in a soft white dressing- gown, and leant out of the window to' inhale more breath. To the world the story was old and forgotten, to her it was new still, it might even have happened yester day. She felt she must go after them ; she must, at any cost, separate them ; she must tell him that, as ho bad left her, she would die ; that her heart was breaking ; that that woman could not make him happy ; that she alone had the power and the right to do so. ' Percy, Percy, I alone!' she said aloud. Kow she was alone, and when the words were a foolish mockery. 'Percjr, Percy, do you hear me? You must, you must! O God, do tbe dead hear? I forgot. He is dead, dead, .my Percy; the man I loved like that; and he. thisBrice Leslie, knew him, loved him: heard his story — not with names. Oh, no ; Percy was generous, even when he was wicked ; he could not betray a woman's name. You could r. not do that, could you. Percy ? though you did so . much else. Is it possible that I can still feel the agony still, after all these years?' She walked to the pierglass and, lifting her beautiful arms, unfastened her hair. It fell in thick ? wavy masses around her (the Magdalen's hair was a subject of discussion among some of her acquaint ances), and she gazed at herself as one gazes at a beautiful stranger. ' No, I am not that, Magdalen. I have all her power of suffering, I have inherited all her sorrow, but I am not that woman ; she had the power of being good and generous : she was loving, forgiving, oh, yes, intensely lovtug; and this one'' — Magdalen laughed a short satirical laugh, alaugh that would have stirred pity in anjr heart that still remained human. ' This one is very different. I know everything now about women ; I know all she did to win him, and ruin him, if I chose. . . I, too, could win and ruin a man. Have I done it \ Not as she did, because I have never seen another Percy — but, pshaw, k jcu iw vaut pas la chandelle. Where is the man or woman that would satisfy me 'r That womau must have had a moment of intense triumph ; she must have laughed in her soft, cooing manner once with enjoyment— and afterwards ? But, perhaps, that once must have inade up for the rest. Who would risk all for noth ing ? No one, not even the Devil .'' The clock in the room struck 2, a dull sound of a church clock followed, and Magdalen Cuthbert lay back on her cushioned chair spent with the struggle that had taken place in her. She might have been the Ancient Mariner himself telling his tale to a stranger urged on to do so by an inward impulse too strong to resist, and now it was over she felt weak as a child. Usually she stopped here, because she knew no more. The world Magdalen had lived in had paused a moment when Percy Chester had disappeared ; it had lifted its eyebrows ; it had offered a curious pity to Magdalen ; then, after this slight surprise, the world knew him no more, and went on as before. Never a syllable of news. Had they lived and loved? Had they drawn closer, or had they parted ? Had the after enjoyment been worth the awful tear ing asunder of this ? Had they been all in all to each other, or had they hated each other \ But silence alone answered, nothing. Time had gone on. Magdalen had changed — changed past recognition ; she had given up old friends ; she had dragged her father to London, and she had tried to drown thought in the world's rest less stream. And all the time she had been starving — starving for the want of any word, any certainty of Percy's fate ; but it had never come. She waited and waited. Some day he would come back, broken down, sad, crushed ; he would come and lay his wretched life at her teet, and say what remained of it was hers. It was Magdalen's last generous thought — last womanly vision. In it she had seen herself stooping to him, lifting him tenderly in her arms ; she — who was so tall and strong — she had heard herself murmuring words of forgiveness : she had heard herself saying once more, 'Oh, Percy, is it true ? ' She had believed that her pure lips would cleanse away his stains, and then that their broken lives would unite like a bough that has nearly been broken off but which tender binding has once more joined to the parent stem. But that awful silence had at last destroyed the vision, and she had at last— but remember it was a long time — she had said aloud : ' If he comes I will spurn him with my foot — and he will come.' By this time there was sad havoc made in Magdalen's fair garden. Her father died, and she was left alone with Mrs. Stewart ; but she was left well off. Had Percy come now as a penniless prodigal, she would have had enough for both ; but then that vision of exquisite tenderness had faded quite away. And next — and the tale must be gone through even if it is not — 'and they lived happy ever after.' One morning Magdalen Cuthbert took up a newspaper and read the bare announcement : ' At ? , New Zealand, on the ? 18—, Percy Chester. Friends will please accept this the only intimation.' Strange human nature, Magdalen suddenly re gretted the lost vision of pity. She might have kept it hp.d it been possible; it would have made no difference to facts. He had never come back. And the rest? What was it? Had she, Lily M'Intyre, closed his eyes? Why had he died? Percy Chester, strong, handsome Percy, with whom the word death could never be associated ; it seemed almost an impossibility to think of him in the cold grave. Again silence said nothing. Magdalen breathed a deep sigh. The story was ? over; it was her turn now to live; she must live: she must have some enjoyment before she died ; she must revenge herself on life, that had cheated her so miserably. She, too, must have her one moment of triumph; ner one soft cooing laugh of happiness paid ior at any price. Why not she as well as that other womau ? Why not ? Life was hie, death death. Life was slipping away so quickly, so very quickly, and she had no enjoyment ; she had not known what it was to be loved ; she had never had a child's lips against her breast; she had never heard the word 'mother,' as so many common women with no heart had heard it— she who would have worshipped at a child's shrine if it had been his, Percy's,'child. Oh, God ! if there were a God ! Th'e clock struck three, a distant cock crowed; some coachman's wife in some near mews kept fowls, and the cocks began early. Magdalen was inteu selv weary ; she had hardly power left to crawl into her bed. In spite of her weariness, however, her teauty was a sight to see at this moment, for the weakness of strength has its own strange beauty. She looked like some heroine of the Sagas, or some ancient prophetess after the oracle has been delivered amidst bodily auguish of the seer. Then suddenly a fount of long-dried-up tears forced its way to the surface, and with one bitter, heart-rending cry Magdalen threw herself on her bed, and the words escaped her hps : ' But he, this man, saw him, knew him, knew all, and I must, I must know.' (To be continued. J 