{Written expressly for The Illustrated Sydney News. All Rights Reserved.) THE GRINNING SKULL OF BURTON AGNES. " WHITHER are you going, Anne ? " asked Mistress Griffith of her younger sister. " The Wolds are not safe for you after nightfall, nor are the roads free from stragglers." " I am only going to Harpham to visit the St. Quintins, sister," replied the younger woman. " No harm can come to me. They will come over here, and lodge with us awhile, now that our house is finished ; what a splendid mansion we have builded, sister ! " " Yes, indeed," replied the other, " and Burton Agnes shall remain for generations a monument of our energy-chiefly your work, Anne." " I love itt " exclaimed Anne, with real enthusiasm. " I shall never willingly leave our splendid home. It is a palace truly, and worthy of a queen." " You certainly have devoted your ener- gies to the building, Anne," replied her sister. *' You have superintended every- thing, almost. We all think your taste exceeding fine, and the Hall is a marvel." " You praise me over much, sister j but I delighted in my work 1 It pains me to think that this grand triumph of art and skill may pass into the hands of strangers -when one of us marries or when all are dead." " A husband will not be a stranger, Anne," replied her elder sister, smiling. " But get you gone if you must. Go not alone, I pray you." "I shall take Bolder with me. The distance is nothing-scarce a mile and a half ; but the dog will be companionship. No fear that I shall not return to my beloved home. I would willingly die here, if my body could remain within its walls." " Nonsense ; you are full of enthusiasm just at present. You will tire of your hobby-horse in time," said the other. " Never," replied Anne, solemnly. " I could not rest in my grave unless I could be, after death, interred hard by the house. I' love it so that I would willingly rest in it." " The afternoon is waning," remarked the older woman, practically. " Get thee out and return ere darkness sets in madcap." Anne smiled, kissed her sister, called her dum companion, Bolder, to her side j then fearlessly she set out to visit he] friends at Harpham. Harpham is three miles south of Kilham about seven miles south-west of Bridling ton, in the East Kiding of Yorkshire. Th< residence of the three sisters was about a mile nearer to Bridlington, and had been only lately then completed. This mansion still exists. It is the residence of the lord of the Manor, the representative of the ancient family of Boynton, which is of great antiquity. Burton Agnes Hall is situated on a rising ground, and commands a fine view of Holderness and of the south of the Wolds. The building is of red brick, facing south, and has a divided frontage, the lateral portions projecting, with mul- lioned windows. The gate is an embattled structure, and the royal arms of James I. embellish the centre of the arch. The mansion is beautifully fitted and embel- lished within, the character of the decorations bearing witness to the super- vision of Anne, one of the three heiresses of the estate in former days. Anne Griffiths proceeded to Harpham unmolested and in safety. She had no fear. The house she intended to visit waa by the church. It is now fallen to decay. The village is reported to be the birth- place of St. John of Beverley, the famous Archbishop of York. Anne paid her afternoon visit, and, as the day was declining, she saw it was time to return home. She kept her sister's advice in mind. The path was lonely, but who, after all, would harm her, protected by her dog as she was ? Nevertheless, she took leave of her friends, and, calling Bolder, set out upon her walk homewards. She had not proceeded far, indeed, she had hardly reached the eastern end of the village, where, seated or reclining by the St. John's Well, she perceived two rather objectionable characters, sturdy beggars, of a class corresponding to the '" tramp " of more modern times. The men were resting, waiting the arrival of their com- rades, perhaps, or perhaps seeking alms from the passers-by. Mistress Anne was not unaccustomed to this class of individual. She knew that money was their chief object, and she prepared to bestow some alms upon them» However undeservng they may have been, her position and solitary condition de- manded so much. She had no actual fear, though many of these tramps or mendicants lived by such blackmail as they could force from the villagers or wayfarers by threats, or by some tale of compassion. On this occasion thé men used no threats at first. They at once asked for alms, and Anne was com- pelled by their attitude to comply. She opened her purse and, in as lavish a manner as the circumstances demanded, bestowed on the men some coins, which they thankfully accepted. All would have doubtless passed off well, and Mis- tress Anne would have gained Burton Agnes unmolested, if she had not removed her glove. As her fingers handled the coins, the fast fading light glinted from the costly jewel she was wearing on her finger. It was an heir-loom 5 a family ring which she had inherited from her mother, and which she naturally set great store upon. The men roughly* demanded the ring. « Give it up 1 " they cried. " Off with it 1 " In vain the young woman, now greatly alarmed, protested that such a thing was impossible. She could not give them lhat. "It's my mother's bequest," she cried. " Anything but that. I value it far beyond its worth-I will not give it up ! " " Whether it was your mother's ring or not does not concern us," replied one of the men. " Give it up at once, or we will take it by force." "Never!" she cried. "You will not rob me of it. Help! Help!" " We mean to have it, mistress," said the man, seizing her hand, suddenly. " Pull it off there, you j mind the dog. Make haste ! " Anne screamed, and struggled with all her strength. The village was close to her, and the angry barking of the dog would quickly summon assistance. The men seemed alarmed, but still determined to possess the ring. " Stop that screaming," shouted one of the ruffians, " or it will ill serve you ! " But Anne continued to struggle bravely, and to scream louder than ever. Sounds of approaching footsteps were heard, but ere she could distinguish them the ruffian who had last spoken to her hit her a heavy blow upon the head, and stretched hex senseless on the path. She was now completely at their mercy j but the dog made a gallant defence, and so harrased the robbers that they could not withdraw the ring from the girl's hand, It was tightly clasped, and as the foot- steps were rapidly approaching, the tramp« beat a hasty retreat, and were soon los1 in the darkness. As soon as the villagers arrived, thej recognised her, and wondered how she hac come to such a fate. Her screams and thc yelping of the dog, the footsteps and he] bruised finger, quickly gave the clue, anc tho mendicants were pursued, while charitable hands carried Mistress Anne t< Harpham Hall, which, but a short tim« previously, she had quitted for Burtox Agnes, singing a merry tune, blithe am bonnie. Great was the consternation visible 01 the faceB of the domestics and members o the St. Quintin family, when Mistresi Anne was carried into the Hall, and born upstairs to a bedchamber. Lady Si Quintin and all in the house vied in atten tion to the heiress of Burton Agnes, am with some success. Prostrated as she wai Miss Anne next day was decidedly bettei and even professed herself competent t return «home. " I am sure I shall be restored there. I is my home, and I am loth to lie out 0 it, even with you, Lady St. Quintin." " You shall return as soon as ever you are able," replied her ladyship kindly. " Your sisters will arrange for your speedy arrival." Anne was determined ; so, like all her charming sex, she had her way. After awhile-on the same afternoon-she was carried carefully to Burton Agnes Hall, and put to bed, suffering greatly. The pains in her head seemed daily to increase, and though she did not lose consciousness, her sisters be- came very greatly alarmed. Already the highest medical aid had been summoned, but notwithstanding all that the doctors could do the agony continued, and the patient could not bear the slight- est worry. She faded rapidly, grew daily weaker, until at length it became only too evident that she would die. Her senses began to wander ; the brain had been injured, but the few days of consciousness had held out hopes never to be fulfilled. Glimpses of reason even now illumined her eyes, and she talked ration- ally of her dearly loved home. But even in her delirium her mind was centred upon it, and she gave directions to architect or artist, or approved the gilder's and sculptor's efforts, as persistently as if the work were being continued. The mansion and its embellishment was, as Mr. Boss says, " the passion of her life." One evening, a few days after the cowardly attack she had sustained, she awoke to consciousness out of a lethargic slumber, and found her devoted sisters in her apartment anxiously watching her. They perceived with manifest pleasure the apparent improvement in the patient's condition, and gladly welcomed her weak greeting. " You are better, dear Anne," they whispered. A faint negative, and a restless move- ment of the tired head was the sad reply for awhile. Then Anne said : " I am not long for this world. I feel it-I am dying 1 But, sisters, promise me one thing. You will promise P " Certainly they would promise anything at such a time to ease the mind of the sufferer. " Then let my body be laid in the old churchyard, but let my head be separated from it and preserved within this house." " But, sister, this cannot be done, surely." " I shall never rest within my grave if you do not keep your promise. You have promised-let it remain in our home for ever." "Well, well," they replied, "let it be as you wish. It shall be done, sister." " Thanks j but understand, and let it be fully known hereabouts, that if any in the future possession of this house disobey these my last wishes, my spirit shall return-if so permitted-and shall so alarm the house as to make it to be uninhabitable while my head is absent from its home. You hear, and you under- stand?" " Yes, we understand, and will find the means to carry out your wishes, if possible, sister. Now think no more of this, we pray you. Rest, and soon all danger will have passed away." Anne made no answer. Her great deBire was in time to be accomplished, She would have her way, and so long as her splendid home remained she would be associated with it. Her head would still rule the mansion of Burton Agnes. Anne soon afterwards again lost all consciousness of outward events and people. Her sisters watched her, not unmindful of their promise, but without any serious intention to perform it, regarding the request as a kind of hallucination on Anne's part, and one which, had not her brain been affected, she would never have preferred. The patient sank and died soon after, amid the regrets and sorrowings of all in the neighbourhood. The men who had assaulted her made their escape. Begret was everywhere expressed for her untimely fate. The funeral took place, and the body was laid in the church of St. Martin, near the hall, in which many monuments to the Somervilles and Griffiths can still be seen. But the head was not cut off. The un mutilated remains of Mistress Anne were laid to rest beneath the flagstones of the church, and if her sisters remembered the promise they had made and their late sister's injunctions, they had said nothing about either. Anne had died, and waa buried. "Requiescat in pace" they mur- mured. " Poor Anne ! " A week passed, and gray grief sat in the matchless mansion of Burton Agnes. Anne's hand was everywhere in evidence j no one could turn aBide for a momenl without her or his gaze encountering some memento to her intelligence and taste Only dead seven days ! And yet she hac declared that she would return, if per mitted, and revisit the Hall, which sh< had also promised to disturb. The day of the funeral had passed fr one week, and the sisters could not hel] recalling the incidents of the ceremony They were beginning to get reconciled t< Anne's absence, but could not picture he as dead. They almost expected to hea her singing in the spacious hall, or on th staircase, or in the corridors. But the day had passed, and custom was aiding con viction. & It was night : bedtime. The sister were preparing to go upstairs to thei rooms ; the domestics had closed the dooi and windows carefully, and were als ready to retire, when a tremendous eras was heard in one of the upper chamberí What had fallen ? Everyone had heard it. The men servants hurried up in obedience to their mistresses' orders, and opined that some furniture had been upset by some- one endeavouring to enter by a window But the men were not by any means deficient in courage ; they ascendend, searched every room in the upper stories, and finally came down with the surprising report that they could find no one, and not a single article of furniture was out of its place. This was supremely astonishing, and tl news, instead of soothing the inmate appears to have alarmed them still mox The servants declined to retire immédiat ly, and even the sisters were loth to { upstairs alone and face the sounds. Both ladies had immediately been seiz< with the same idea. The restless spirit the deceased Anne had already begun' act as she had threatened. A long di cussion ensued, but as no more was hea of the ghost, the family went to bed a: was not disturbed. Another week elapsed. The same d arrived, night came, and everyone went bed, having heard nothing, and convine that the first alarm had been due to BOI unsuspected and very ordinary cause, any rate it had not been repeated. But in the dead of night the eist« were simultaneously awakened by terrible noise of slamming doors. W: dows rattled, casements shook, and i same dreadful noises resounded throu the house. Impelled by fear, and trembling in ev« limb, mistress and servants rushed ab« to close the doors, but when, candles hand, the premises were explored, 1 doors were found latched j no winde were open to create a draught, and yet slamming continued in places, as tl passed on from wing to wing of the m . sion. These continued rappings were v alarming, and no one dared again to g< bed until daylight, when the noises ceas and for awhile the house remained un« turbed. But if the inmates had fane they were safe from any further interr tions they were mistaken. We read fi the account given in a Yorkshire pa that, on the corresponding night in the ; following week another alarm arose. The residents were aroused by what appeared to be a crowd of persons " hurrying along the galleries and up and down the stairs j " these footsteps were followed by the sound of groans " as from a dying person." These alarms continued, and it is re- corded that on this occasion the inmates were all too greatly frightened^ to leave their rooms; Each one felt that the sounds were supernatural, that it was quite useless to endeavour to discover their origin, but, nevertheless, the whole family lay " perspiring with fear." Next morning the two surviving sisters began seriously to discuss the phenomena, : and were speculating on the cause when a deputation came up from the servants' hall and announced the intention of the domestics not to remain another week in the house. In vain Miss Griffiths pleaded with them ; they were too greatly alarmed to stay, and the female servants at once took their departure. The two men- servants consented to " wait a bit." " My dear," said the eldest lady to hei sister, " this is a most singular affair. Dc you think it possible that anyone is aware of our poor Anne's last injunctions, and ie playing us some trick ? If she is herseli here we cannot stop the disturbance." " The men. roughly demanded the ring. < Give it up; they cried ; < off with it ! ' " " Unless by carrying out her wishes," interrupted the other. " We cannot do that, sister. What would the worthy vioar of oar church think ? " "Let him think as he pleases. We pledged ourselves to carry out Anne's last wishes. We have broken our promise. Let us consult Mr. St. Quintin and the clergyman." So these gentlemen were requested to come to the Hall, and the whole story told to them. The coincidences were remark- able. After awhile the vicar undertook to have the grave opened, at any rate, and then the ladies could act as they thought fit. The news of the haunting of Burton Agnes Hall quickly spread amongst the villagers and throughout the district. The runaway female servants had not in any way toned down the accounts, and a con- siderable number of people assembled in the church when the slate was removed and the poor lady's coffin opened on the following day. Whispers of curiosity and speculation gave way to a terrified silence when the lid was raised. There lay the body of the hapless Anne, wrapped in cerements, but the nearest spectators recoiled when they perceived that the head had by some means become separated from the trunk Î This alarming news was immediately Bent to the Hall close by j and the ladies had a further examination made. The result of this was to ascertain that the body was -i quite undecdmposed, while the head had already become almost a bare skull, grinning horribly at those who attempted to remove it. The Vicar then determined to have the skull removed, and though the ladies were naturally averse to this proceeding, they consented to try the experiment. The ghastly memento of Sister Anne waB thus brought into the Hall, and placed in a convenient resting-place. There it re- mained for a long time, and no more disturbances occurred. The skull of the lady remained in the Hall for years, and nothing ever happened to annoy the inmates. It was regarded as a kind of family heirloom, and was undis- turbed. But on one unlucky day-many years after the incidents related above-a maidservant who disliked emblems of mortality, believing that no one would notice the absence of the " gashly thing," took it up while she was sweeping and dusting the room, and threw it from the window. As luck would have it, the skull fell, still grinning horribly at her, upon a cart- load of manure on its way to the farm; The effect was startling. The cart wa* brought to a Budden stop ; the horses seemed perfectly unable to move it, nor could the waggoner persuade them to do so. There was much surprise expressed. The "waggon was bewitched,/ it "was too heavy," it "was stuck fast," people said. But when the men came to lighten it, the grinning skull of. the ill-fated Anne met their gaze. " That's it," was the cry. . The servant confessed her impetuous action. The skull was once more placed in its accustomed niche, and the waggon was,, without further difficulty, moved. Several times, says the chronicler, the skull has been removed, and each time the house has been disturbed by the sounds of footsteps and trampling feet. Once it was buried in the garden, but such moanings and cries succeeded that no one could rest until the skull was disinterred and re- placed in the mansion. Within a comparatively late period the skull has again been removed, and a person who came on a visit from London happened to be staying at the Hall at the time. He has described his sensations and experiences, and though fearless and incredulous as regards ghosts, declared to his relative that "he had never passed such a fearful night in his life, and would not sleep another night in the place if he were offered the Hall itself for doing so." According to Mr. HOBS, the skull is still at the: Hall. - We have not seen it our- selves, but it is certain that there are many ancient mansions in which similar relics are preserved. The curious visitor may, perhaps, be permitted to see the skull, and the portraits of Mistress Anne and her sisters at the Hall. The latest development of the pranks played by the Ghost consists of the shuffling of feet along the passages ; but it would appear from the evidence that the lady is perfectly harmless, though at times she so strongly objects to have her remains removed from the old Hall she loved so well. Such is the narrative embodying the facts so far as they can be ascertained. We cannot personally vouch for them, but those who have stated them are beyond reproach, and, therefore, they are entitled to credit and respect. There we leave them. [The Australian rights of this story have been purchased by the Proprietors from Messrs. Cassell and Co., London.] 