A BURIED SIN. 'Having told you,' pursues the frigid voice, ' that for many long years my skeleton has been hidden, I need hardly point out that it is imperative the door should once more be shut upon it.' 'I will be as silent as the grave,' interrupts the girl, earnestly. 'Hush!' interposes Darrell. ' Make no rash promise—give no rash pledge. Cruel experience has taught me it is far better one's future should be free from such shackles. Should you ever feel it necessary to reveal what you have seen and heard this day let no hasty, unconsidered resolution prevent you. Only remember that such revelation will entail on me worse misery— more shameful dishonour than I have yet endured.' The frigid tones are silent. She tries to answer him but she cannot speak. That troublesome lump in her throat has swollen to such dimensions it seems to be causing her physical pain. Whilst yet she struggles for utterance a step is heard upon the gravel of the path, a voice calls to her: ' Blanche! Blanche!' 'I am here, mamma.' 'I thought I heard another person speaking,' continues Mrs. Carew, in accents charged with awful displeasure. ' It is probable that the other person was myself,' answers St. John Darrell, languidly. 'I have just returned from a long tramp, and to my astonishmnent I find Miss Carew wandering like a ghost in the darkness. I have been lecturing her upon the imprudence of exposing herself to the night air.' 'Imprudence is no name for it,' retorts Mrs. Carew, witheringly, and in significant silence the two return to the castle. One of them is thinking that the saddest of that day's revelations is the readiness with which the man of the world has resumed the faultless, fashionable serenity of tone and manner—the mask it is easier now to wear than to lay aside. CHAPTER XX. HALF-PAST one in the morning ! The lights of Freston Castle are mostly extinguished, the inmates are mostly asleep. Outside Egyptian darkness has partially given way before moonbeams which would fain shine brilliantly if black, skurrying clouds would let them. Far away from the castle, in the heart of the woods, stands the keeper's cottage, and in its porch Lord Ferrars and the tutor have just disappeared. As the former stretches forth his hand to knock at the door the man forestalls his intention by opening it. 'Punctionality (sic) is the thief of time, my lord.' 'The soul of business, you mean. Do not compliment in proverbs, Dykes; the task is beyond you.' The three figures pass from shadow into light and glide noiselessly through the narrow gate. There is no especial need for silence, since they are more than a mile from the spot where the vigil will commence; but they talk little and then their voices rise hardly above a whisper. Perhaps their spell of the hour is upon them ; perhaps the nature of the expedition and the urgent need for caution which will shortly arise cast shadows before; perhaps Nature's mystic loveliness has subduing in fluence. They are in the heart of the wood, treading a moss-grown path which just permits the three to walk abreast. On either hand are the dark trunks; above, spreading branches are sharply outlined against a sky that would be clear and star-studded did not driving clouds so frequently obscure it; at their feet glisten myriads of tiny dew-pearls, each a gem truly, of purest water. There is a solemn stillness and repose about every object save that now and again a dry twig snaps beneath the tread, or a startled rabbit scuds across the drive, or an owl's grey wings gleam in the moonlight. The comparatively broad path in which they walk is intersected by numberless narrow ones, some of which it would be difficult to tread even in single file, so tangled and overgrown are they. Its is natural that Mostyn's glance should scan these by-ways in passing. Mindful of his promise to Lady Clare, he has contrived that Lord Ferrars shall occupy the middle position, drawing the lad's arm through his own to keep him in the centre. All at once the tutor stops (so suddenly the pupil is brought up with a jerk), shakes himself free, and stepping back a pace looks steadily along one of these narrow ways. Lord Ferrars and the keeper step back also, follow his gaze, and seeing nothing but trees and underwood turn their astonished eyes upon Mostyn's face. It is that of a man almost beside himself with fright. There is a fascinated, eager terror in the staring eye-balls which chills the blood of the observers. The tutor is pale as death. There is sufficient light to see that drops of cold per- spiration have broken out upon his face. He leans a little forward in the attitude of one who watches with dread expectancy for something to appear. This is so apparent that not until the others have glanced half a dozen times from the terrified countenance into vacancy and back again do they speak. ' What is it, sir ?' whispers the keeper. ' You look as though you had just seen a ghost, man,' cries Lord Ferrars, jestingly. Mostyn's glance turns slowly from the path until it rests upon him, and the lad's smiling lips grow grave. Horror and con- viction stamped upon the tutor's face rob his answer of any possible jocularity. ' I have,' he says, hoarsely. ' What !' is the simultaneous exclamation of his companions. ' As surely as I see you now, Lord Ferrars, my eyes rested a minute ago on a man whom I know of my own certain knowledge to be no longer living.' ' Impossible !' 'He stood about twelve paces along this track motionless, with folded arms. His eyes looked direct into mine; I feel them still. I should have stopped instantly, but that I was dragged one step forward from having my arm linked in yours. My gaze left him for but one second, in that second he vanished.' 'An ocular delusion.' Mostyn shakes his head sadly. It be one o' them durned poachers,' suggests the keeper, but in rather an awe struck voice. 'It was a visitor from another world, Dykes, as surely as you belong to this one.' ' Let us explore,' urges Lord Ferrars, in- credulously. Mostyn's colour and his courage have re- turned together, and he steps briskly along the path. ' This is the exact spot.' There is thick underwood all round through which a man could penetrate only with considerable difficulty and some noise. 'Listen!' exclaims the young nobleman. But a profound silence reigns around, save that a nightingale pipes faintly a very long way off. Mr. Dykes prostrates himself upon the soft moss and lays his ear to the ground for quite a minute, Then he rises looking as though Mostyn's recent alarm had been transferred to him. 'I could hear a cat move a'most within two hundred yards. If so be as you did see a man only twelve paces off, sir, that man were a sperrit surely.' Mostyn smiles faintly. 'Let us proceed, I have a presentiment this night will be eventful one. I am a doomed man probably.' 'Go back to the castle,' urges Lord Ferrars. 'To avoid my fate? Not I. The sword of Damocles hangs ever above us. Sometimes I have wished some merciful hand would sever the hair which suspends it.' 'But you do not really believe in appari- tions?' asked Lord Ferrars, as they walk thoughtfully along. 'Why not ? All nations in every age have done so. Is it reasonable to suppose the faith should have been so universally held unless it were substantiated by actual proofs? Hitherto I have reserved my opinion, but I cannot withhold credence in future.' 'How should bodily eyes behold a spiritual being ?' 'I could adduce half-a-dozen scriptural in- stances,' reasons Mostyn 'in which men's eyes have been opened to a sight of spirits near them. Sometimes I have accounted for these facts by the theory that we all possess a kind of dormant sixth sense, which comes into play under certain rare physical con- ditions or in extreme emotional exaltation.' Lord Ferrars yawns. 'How dark it grows !' he exclaims. 'The moon 'ull soon be quite hidden by that ridge o' clouds, my lord,' replies the keeper. 'Best not talk at all now, we are getting near the place.' Ten minutes later the two emerge from the woods, scramble noiselessly over a wall, and find themselves upon the brow of a steep descending bank, covered thickly with furze bushes, the bottom of which is lost in obscurity. 'Come along, my lord,' says Mr. Dykes, in a gruff whisper. ' The warren be all along the bottom. Stoop a'most double and creep down close after me.' After some laborious progress in the fashion suggested, the two gentlemen find themselves plunging head first into a hollow, a natural indentation in the hill side about twenty yards long, and deep enough to let a person stand upright without being seen from below. 'Hush:' whispers the keeper, warningly. 'Here is a heap of stones we can sit upon, my lord. I'll just make sure the men are in their places.' Without further preamble he takes the initiative in squatting upon the uneasy seat, and the next instant an exact imitation of an owl's hooting rises from the spot. The moon has disappeared altogether. There is only light enough to see a few yards around. Dykes waits eagerly for a response. It comes. His cry is repeated, once, twice thrice. He turns with repressed exultation, and speaks in an agitated whisper. ' My lord, the poachers, they be already comin' along the bottom. Presently we shall see 'em. Pull yourselves together, gentlemen.' It is a moment of intense excitement. The keeper has risen from his heap of stones, and has thrown himself flat upon the sloping side of the hollow. Lord Ferrars and Mostyn, disregarding the dampness of that grassy couch, follow his example. They crouch there —hunters waiting for their prey. Between the hollow in the hill side and the level ground are brakes of furze, which lie like long black shadows below. Presently the shadows begin here and there to move. The hidden moon shines out from behind a cloud, and the shadows resolve themselves into stooping, creeping human figures. 'They be a-settin' o' the nets,' explains Dykes, in a hoarse whisper. 'All the bottom ye see, is reg'lar honeycombed wi' rabbit holes, and the rabbits they be out a-feedin'. When the nets are set, the drive'ull begin, and when the drive's over then comes our turn.' That's it, gen'lemen.' Clearer and clearer shines the light, and the modus operandi becomes visible. The watchers perceive that along the bottom, in a tolerably straight line, is set a net, about three quarters of a yard high; and that on the far side of it, at equal distances are stationed three men, armed with short, thick bludgeons. The keeper recognises them as 'Slippery Sam,' 'Black Mike,' and Reuben Holt. Out in the open, far beyond them, in a large circle are moving figures of men and dogs, that noiselessly patrol the ground. Hark ! the rush of a frightened rabbit, bolting for its hole, its squeal of terror as the net intercepts it, the thud of Slippery Sam's bludgeon descending upon its head. The rabbit is a mass of quivering flesh, the slaughter has begun. And now the fun becomes fast and furious. Rabbit after rabbit, driven in by the men in the open, is knocked on the head. Three heaps of slain grow slowly and surely, as the patrolling circle converges to the centre. At length the task is over, the poachers have all come in, and have begun to count the slain and to thrust them into the sacks with which they were provided. Mr. Dykes, motioning his companions to do likewise, draws back cautiously, and stands erect in the centre of the hollow. 'Fifteen of'em,' he whispers. 'Too many my lord, for us to make many pris'ners, for them chaps, some on'em, would rather be killed than caught, when their blood's up. Best make sure of the three ringleaders, and never mind the rest. I'll take Slipp'ry Sam— he's the cunningest. Choose your men, gent'emen quick.' 'I will take Reuben Holt,' says Mostyn quietly. 'Ferrars, you are the strongest of us, you must tackle Black Mike. 'All serene,' replies the young lord, the momentary dissatisfaction induced by Mostyn's choice disappearing at the reason alleged. 'Now, Dykes, up and at 'em.' Mr. Dyke's response is another imitation of an owl's hooting, a pause of a dozen seconds, two hoots in rapid succession, and a rush over the brow of the hollow, with Mostyn and Lord Ferrars on either hand. The young men have just time to perceive that from all sides, men who have lain in ambush amongst the furze are hurrying up. The next instant they are in the thick of the gang of poachers, and each has selected his man. There ensues a scene of wild confusion. Slippery Sam has evaded the keeper's onset, and is making off cunningly, like the fox that he is, but an underkeeper trips him up, and in a minute be is secured. Black Mike's bludgeon has been wrested from him and thrown away by Lord Ferrars, and the two are engaged in a pugilistic encounter of the most animated description, every attempt of the former to close with his antagonist being thwarted by a skilfully planted blow. Reuben Holt and Mostyn are wrestling as for dear life, and each has once thrown his man. Now, by a dexterous movement, Reuben disengages himself, runs a few paces, draws a pistol from his pocket, and points it, not at his antagonist, but at the young lord. It is marvellous with what rapidity and accuracy, when the mind is at extreme tension, impressions photograph themselves in the brain, and action follows thought. During the first of those two [moments] of time which precede the report of the pistol, Mostyn sees the vengeful face of the would-be murderer, the hurried stamp of three-fourths of the gang of poachers, the groups of struggling combatants, the look upon Lady Clare's agitated countenance as she confessed her fears for her brother's safety, and in a manner implored the protection of one she dislikes and scorns. During the second of these moments he accepts the danger, and with one bound covers Ferrars's body with his own. Simul- taneously, a big stone hurtles through the air, striking him full on the forehead, and a whistling bullet buries itself in his side. The fight is over. The keeper's predic- tion has come true, there are not many prisoners. Still 'Black Mike,' 'Slippery Sam,' and one other poacher, with hands and feet tied, lie on the grassy sward, awaiting removal to the nearest lock-up, and Reuben Holt carelessly guarded, but making no effect to escape, kneels beside the pros- trate figure of the tutor, and with white lips and agonised protestations affirms that the bullet was never meant for the gentleman whom he has slain. CHAPTER XXI. THE sky is quite clear now, over the distant hills the grey dawn is breaking, but shim- mering moonlight still falls softly on that rambling mansion yclept Freston Castle, as a slow procession approaches it, bearing with care and gentleness a body on an im- provised bier. The inmates of the castle are fast asleep. Even St. John Darrell, after hours of restless tossing, has forgotten his many cares. Even Blanche Carew had ceased to commune with her aching, pitiful heart, vainly bidding it ' Be still.' Even that frigid woman of the world, her mother, after much perturbation and many plottings on Blanche's behalf, has lost count of the hours the clock upon her mantlepiece has chimed. Even Lady Clare, comforted by the remembrance of Mostyn's promise, has put away the thought of her brother's danger and slumbers tranquilly. But as she sleeps she dreams. She is treading with hurrying feet a bare, wide plain. The light is murky, and indis- tinct, but before her she descries a flying figure, 'clothed in white samite, mystic, wonderful.' She knows that the figure beckons to her, and that she is im- pelled to follow in eager, breathless pursuit which never pauses to question the wisdom or the purpose of her fllght. Voices call to her through the gloom, the voices of all the people she has known. Some threaten, some entreat, some expostulate, and the burden of their cry is ever that she would stop. But still she pursues until a river stays her course—a river running with blood, and lifting her eye to the further shore she perceives that the figure in white raiment stands there beckoning still. A golden glory is about it, the face is trans- figured as the face of an angel of light, but the eyes are human, and she knows them, whilst across the ensanguined waves Mostyn Howard's voice calls to her, saying : 'Come to me, Clare—Clare—Clare—my beloved.' 'Come to me, Clare.' Lady Clare, wide awake now, opens her eyes and in another instant she stands white- robed in the centre of the chamber, looking about her wonderingly. That voice, so dis- tinct, so vividly natural. Could it be the creation of a dream? The room is in semi-darkness, and she turns to the window to admit more light. As she pulls the cord which raises the blind her attention is arrested by something which is passing below, and straightway her dream is forgotten. It is a confused procession of keepers, grooms, and labourers. In their midst four of the most stalwart bear a rough litter, apparently a gate taken off its hinges, upon which lies the stiff, motionless body of a man. In an instant her intuition leaps to two conclusions—Reuben Holt has secured his revenge—her brother has been foully murdered. Sihe makes no moan—she utters no cry. With blanched face and staring, terrified eyes she searches for evidence to verify or confute her fears. There is the murderer, pinioned and guarded. Even at this distance she sees, or imagines she sees, an agony of re- morse in his face. There are three other men whose hands are bound behind them, doubtless poachers who were concerned in the fray. But Lord Ferrars is no where visible. Alas, alas ! his is the form stretched upon the improvised bier. And the tutor where is he ? The man in whose protection she trusted—through faith in whose promise she was able to sleep calmly in spite of her belief in the deadly peril which threatened her brother. No wonder the coward has crept away to hide his dishonoured head. She never knew how she hated Mostyn Howard until now. A jutting angle of masonry hides that sad procession. It disappears like a baleful vision. Calm, peaceful, holy appears Nature's green loveliness. For one moment Lady Clare asks herself whether she is awake or dreaming. The next, her trembling fingers have kindled a lamp and are fastening a dressing-gown about her shivering frame. A bell peals through the castle with a noisy imperative summons, arousing sleepers to fearful questioning whether it is an alarm of fire. Ere ever the sound dies away those eager applicants for admission hear that somebody is responding to the appeal. The great key turns stiffly in the lock, the great bolts are one by one withdrawn, the massive door swings slowly upon its hinges. Then those rough men—the keepers, the labourers, the grooms—fall back in dismay. It is an earl's daughter who has opened unto them. An earl's daughter, clad in a gorgeous dressing-gown, down which rippling masses of unloosed hair stream to the waist, a delicate young girl, with bare feet and blanched face, and staring terrified eyes, and an unnatural calm and quietude of manner. 'Let me see him,' she commands. Is my brother dead ?' It is Dykes, the keeper, who first recovers self-possession, thrusting himself between her and that prostrate form which the bearers have lowered to the ground. Dykes, the keeper, who nevertheless forgets in his agitation to remove his hat, and puts out his hand with clumsy gentleness to stop her, as though this fair patrician demoiselle were a daughter of his own. ' Don't 'ee now—don't 'ee now, my leddy,' he implores. 'For God's sake go away.' 'Let me see him,' she repeats. 'Don't dare to stop me, Dykes.' Then the keeper retires likewise before those bare advancing feet, nor ventures to arrest her trembling hand as it plucks a handkerchief from the slain man's face. There he lies in the moonlight, he whom she has flouted, and outraged, and hated, he has given his life at her entreaty; not her brother, Heaven be thanked, but Mostyn Howard, her enemy. There is a terrible wound upon his fore- head, a wound into which his hair has strayed, a mass of clotted gore. Around his left arm is bound a handkerchief which once was white and now is vivid crimson. But the slain man is not her brother, it is only Mostyn Howard, her enemy. She remem- bers her vision, and the voice which called to her across the ensanguined river saying 'Come to me, Clare—Clare, my beloved.' 'A dream awoke me, and I saw you from my window',' she explains, still with that unnatural quietude of manner. ' I thought it was Ferrars who was killed.' 'The shot were aimed at my lord, but Muster Howard he sprung afore him on purpose like,' answers the keeper. Do 'ee now, my leddy, go back to bed. Lord Ferrars, he ain't touched. ' He be gone to fetch the doctor, that's all.' 'Go back to bed.' Sound advice echoed by frightened maidservants, who, aroused by the pealing of the bell, come trooping in varying stages of dishabille. What else remains for her, seeing that this poor, murdered gentleman is neither kith nor kin, but only a woollen draper's grandson, Ferrars's tutor, her enemy ? She acts upon it, but as soon as her maids leave her she locks the door upon them softly, rekindles her lamp, and searches among her dresses in the wardrobe. One or two, she knows, are black. Woman's instinct prompts her to seek them out and wear them in token that she mourns for the poor fellow who gave his life at her re- quest. Hitherto she has lost no opportunity to testify disrespect, would that by doing penance in black dresses for the remainder of her days she might find ease for remorseful conscience and still this terrible pain at her heart. A clock stands ticking in the corner of the chamber, ' Dead, dead, dead,' it seems to say with maddening reiteration until she can bear it no longer, but is obliged to arrest the motion of the pendulum. 'The noises about the castle have ceased, it is silent as the grave. She hears the sound of wheels, and, looking out of the window per- ceives her brother and a doctor driving furiously. The girl smiles a sad, wan smile. Of what avail is this show of medical aid ? Has she not with her eyes seen that Mostyn Howard is dead ? She has drawn up the blind, and now the cold, grey dawn fills the chamber. Somehow Lady Clare's face looks cold and grey also. She is thinking of a bare, wide plain, a river of blood, a glorified spirit with tender human eyes, a voice calling : 'Come to me, Clare—Clare, my beloved.' She is thinking of her dream and trying to find its interpretation. Is the plain Life—is the river Death ? Will there be no respite for her, until she joins him, who was her enemy, in the golden light beyond ? Somebody is tapping at the door. Blanche Carew is begging for admission. Lady Clare crosses the room and lets her in. Blanche is crying quietly, and Lady Clare wonders why she cannot cry too. 'Ferrars sent me, dear. He thought you would be glad to hear what the doctor says.' 'Glad to hear !' a grim jest surely.' 'Glad to hear !' Lady Clare's lips move, but she cannot ask the meaning of that cruel piece of irony. 'The doctor says, Clare, it is almost certain Mr. Howard will live. The only danger is from the great loss of blood; it seems the bullet passed quite through the fleshy part of the arm, but did not penetrate the side. The wound on the forehead was caused by a stone thrown by one of the poachers, and although it stunned him for a very long time he has now recovered con- sciousness. Clare, Clare, do not sob so; you frighten me. Did you think he was dead ?' But Clare cannot answer save by convul- sive sobbings and a deluge of thankful tears. Poor little, faulty, tender-hearted Clare, the ashen greyness has passed away from her face—she is able to cry at last. CHAPTER XXII. ILL news travels apace; not a soul in Freston village but has heard of the fight between the earl's keepers and the poachers. Garbled accounts are being circulated, of course, but in two particulars conflicting rumours agree—namely, that Reuben Holt, being one of the gang, fired a pistol at young Lord Ferrars wiih intent to kill; and that he is now in custody at the castle, awaiting committal to gaol upon a charge of manslaughter, if not of murder. It is to sift these garbled accounts, and to learn the worst which has befallen her quondam lover, that a girl has left the village and is hastening along the avenue. No other rustic lassie boasts so trim and neat a figure or a gait so elastic and grace- ful. It is Clara Markham. Yet she is sadly changed. Her bright eyes are red with weeping, her hat and shawl are all awry, and her ordinarily coquettish glances are replaced by a demeanour which tells of modest grief and shame. The ready tears begin to flow afresh as she passes the bye-path into which Lord Ferrars suc- ceeded in decoying her the other day for one of the harmless flirtations she loves so well. Harmless ! That was the beginning of mis- chief which has culminated in an awful crime. Pretty Clara has registered a solemn vow that she will never again indulge in flir- tation, harmless or otherwise, Strolling down the avenue, with a big mastiff at his heels, comes a tall, slight gentleman, with a dark, reposeful face, which bears a normal air of tranquil, melancholy boredom. To him Clara addresses herself with piteous appeal. 'Oh! Mr. Darrell, sir, would you be so kind as to tell me the rights of this miserable business ?' 'All the rights are wrongs, my girl. You are Clara Markham, are you not?' 'I am, sir.' 'Then I fear you did the first wrong, Clara, by disturbing Reuben Holt's peace of mind, driving him to a wild project of mis- taken revenge. Last night the opportunity came, but he shot the wrong man; to wit Mr. Howard, Lord Ferrars's tutor.' 'Is Mr. Howard dead, sir ?' 'No nor likely to die, I trust.' 'Oh, sir, might I speak to poor Reuben ?' St. John deliberates a little, taking time to consider it. He is putting his own construc- tion upon what he sees, and the deduction is in favour of her petition. 'Come with me,' he answers, gently, turn- ing back by the way he came. In silence, side by side, they march along the avenue towards the castle. True gentle- man that he is, St. John Darrell respects the grief and the remorse of this low-born dam- sel. It is no part of his métier to be apt at improving the occasion; perhaps he knows that her sorrowing heart is preaching more wisely and more eloquently than words of his could do. With considerate kindness he conducts her by a path which winds amongst the shrubberies out of sight of the castle windows. It terminates close to a door before which the village constable—who is generally considered a garrulous little man, continually smiling at his own jokes— mounts guard with portentous solemnity. 'Allow this young woman to speak with the prisoner,' commands St. John Darrell, in a tone of authority. A bare and cheerless apartment, lighted only by a small barred window, furnished only with a long wooden form. In the centre of the form, his elbows planted on his knees, his face buried in the palms of his hands, sits that unhappy being, so tersely and sig- nificantly designated ' the prisoner.' He does not look up as the door opens, and when the heavy key turns again in the lock he shivers a little, that is all. He must have heard the rustle of her dress, but, if so, he makes no sign. There is no room in his mind for curiosity as to the intruder; he is only conscious of overwhelming remorseful misery. For a few seconds she stands regarding that dejected figure, the tears stealing down her cheeks the while. Then, as though her resolve were taken, she steals to him, sinks on the form by his side, throws clinging, loving arms about his neck, murmuring : 'Reuben ?' Slowly he raises his bowed head, gazes at her with bloodshot, anguished eyes, makes as though with those great bony hands of his he would thrust her away, though not un- gently. 'Get thee gone, lass, get thee gone,' he urges, brokenly. ' Not 'till I've said a word of comfort, Reuben dear. Oh! Rube. Rube, I never thought t'would ha' come to this.' And poor Clara, by way of administering the first dose of comfort, begins to sob and cry as though her heart would break. The treatment is efficacious. At the sight of her sorrow Reuben Holt partially forgets his own and sets himself to administering clumsy consolation. 'Don't 'ee now, don't take on so lass. Go thy ways, and keep company wi' a better man than a jealous, blunderin' fool like me. Clara, I could bear the punishment better if the shot had gone where I meant it—to the black heart of the villian as wronged ye.' 'The girl's clinging arms loosen their hold, her tears cease to flow, she regards him steadily, with lofty indignation, and yet more in sorrow than in anger. 'Are you mad still, Reuben?' she asks, gently. 'No man ever wronged me, except by suspicions my proud spirit couldn't bear. After all that's come and gone between us, haven't you learned to know me better? Haven't you learned that though" there's plenty of mischief and giddiness, and love of flirting and teasing there's ne'er a bit of vice, Rube, ne'er a bit of vice ?' Her truthful eyes look straight into his blood-shot ones—her earnest voice carries unhesitating conviction. Again Reuben Holt bows his head, and this time in shame. 'I loved you always, Rube, even when we quarrelled worse. You were masterful with me, lad, trying to drive when you might have coaxed, and I flew out and couldn't bear it. Still I never thought but 'twould come all right in the end.' The bowed head sinks lower, the girl's fingers wander caressingly amongst its un- kempt masses of hair. Reuben Holt lifts one of his great hard hands and presses those caressing fingers to his lips. The reconciliation is complete. 'I won't deny,' continues Clara; musingly, ' but the young lord changed a merry word with me sometimes, and once or twice he snatched a hasty kiss, without saying 'By your leave.' It's the way with such as him, and I thought no harm. But neither merry word nor hasty kiss will any get from me, Rube, till the trouble's over and you are a free man once more.' 'Don't 'ee say so, lass, it may be years an' years of penal servitude, or it may be worse,' remonstrates her lover, brokenly. I couldna' for shame let 'ee hold fast to a wastrel like me. There's many and many a better man.' Pretty Clara's hands cover his lips, pretty Clara's lips are whispering in his ear. So absorbed are they that neither is aware that a door at the upper end of the lockup has opened and that Lord Ferrars stands on the threshold, regarding them with comical but benevolent interest. I want no better man, Rube. If all the men in all the world, with the young lord you were jealous of at the head of them, were wanting me to wed, I'd be true and faithful to you, till such time as you've done your punishment and could take me to wife.' From the upper end of the lock-up, clear and hearty, a young voice rings out in cheery upbraiding: 'Now, that is really unkind of you, Clara. Here have I been, encountering all sorts of dangers for your sweet sake; and now you are renouncing me and hugging Reuben Holt before my very eyes. Holt, have you not another pistol handy to put an end to my woes ?' Anything but woebegone looks the lad's merry face. Clara has risen from the form, and is courtesying in modest confusion. Reuben Holt rises also, and pulls his forelock with humble contrition. ' If I had one, my lord, I wouldn't use it. I seem to have woke out of a bad dream.' 'Glad to hear it,' says my lord. 'Perhaps you would like to shake hands, just in token that we are both wide awake and do not bear malice.' The whilom poacher's broad chest heaves with emotion as he complies. He would like to sit down on the form and cry like a child, but that he is ashamed. 'That is right,' cries Lord Ferrars, heartily. 'Now for the object of my visit, I did not know you had such pleasant com- pany, Holt, or I should have felt diffident about intruding. I have just left Mr. Howard's bedside, and he bids me tell you that although he is very weak from loss of blood poor fellow, he is not going to die this bout, and he freely forgives you for wing- ing him so scientifically.' 'God bless him, and you too, my lord.' 'Nevertheless,' continues Lord Ferrars, 'as you have broken the law, and Mr. Howard's forgiveness will not save you from the consequences, he recommends that I should help you to escape, and that you shall make the best of your way to America, where Clara can join you as soon as you have made a home for her. I once offered your sweetheart a sovereign for a kiss, Holt, and she refused it. Do you think she would give me one for the cost of your passage money ?' 'A hundred, my lord,' cries Reuben, with glad hopefulness. 'Then she must owe me ninety-nine. See here, the door of this room opens into the shrubbery walks, but you have to pass within half a dozen yards of that dunder-headed policeman. Can you keep him with his back to the path, Clara, whilst Reuben slips by ? 'I am sure of it, my lord.' 'That is arranged, then. I will take care the hue and cry is not raised, and that no vigorous pursuit is made. Now, Clara, I shall close this door on you and Reuben for one minute to give you the opportunity of a fond, affectionate farewell. Then you can knock to be let out, taking care the bobby sees his charge is still safe, and your sweet- heart will immediately follow me.' So it comes to pass that while the 'dunder- headed policeman,' as Lord Ferrars called him, is pinning Clara Markham's shawl and listening to the lamentations which, with much loud 'boo-hooing' she pours into his sympathising ear, a stealthy tread on the gravel passes unnoticed. By the agency of Reuben Holt's visitors the lad whose life he sought to take, the girl with whom he thought he had broken for ever, and at the instance of the man whom he has wounded nearly unto death—the prisoner has escaped. CHAPTER XXIII. FROM the keeper's cottage, in the heart of Freston Wood, emerges an elderly gentleman who sought and obtained lodgings there a fortnight since, and whose eccentricities of manner and of life keep Dykes and his worthy spouse in a state of wondering stupefaction. He is a "real gentleman," on that point they are agreed, although he cooks his own food, makes his own bed, and clothes himself so shabbily that nobody could be induced to give five shillings for the entire wardrobe. Nor do they believe him to be poor. Upon his little finger he wears a ring of price, and for the one room he occupies— keeping it continually locked, and forbidding Mrs. Dykes, under a heavy pecuniary penalty, to enter surreptitiously—he pays a weekly rental equivalent to her husband's wage. The elderly gentleman refuses Mrs. Dykes's well-meant offer to "cook and do" for him, upon the ground that he is a great traveller and has been accustomed to rough it in all parts of the world. He accounts for his morbid desire to pre- vent intrusion on the score of the value and rarity of his 'specimens.' His name is Mr. Miles. All day long, and sometimes all night long Mr. Miles collects 'specimens' in the Freston woods, availing himself of the fact that his room opens upon the garden to leave the cottage at all hours without noise or comment. His accoutrements are usually a wicker basket and a gauze butterfly net. He rarely returns without triumphantly ex- hibiting half a dozen insects of all shapes, sizes, and degrees of hideousness, which Mrs. Dykes as invariably admires with loud-voiced but hypocritical unction. It seems to her a species of lunacy that this old gentleman should go pottering about, taking his meals and his rest irregularly, ex- posing himself to possible rheumatism, cold, or sunstroke, for the sake of catching a few 'flies and such like rubbish,' but the mania is a harmless one and profitable to herself and Dykes, so she affects the virtue of sympathetic admiration though she has it not. Mr. Miles is an enthusiastic entomologist. A most peculiar figure is Mr. Miles this August afternoon as he emerges from the keeper's cottage and strikes into a path which leads to Freston village. A swallow-tailed coat, adorned with bright brass buttons, dis- plays to advantage thin but shapely legs, en- cased in cloth breeches and gaiters. He wears, like Sir Thomas in the Inogoldsby Legends, 'green specs with a tortoise-shell rim.' As his immense shirt collar, cut after the bygone fashion of the beaux amongst our grandfathers, goes up to his ears, whilst an overlapping Mexican sombrero comes down to his collar, and as moreover he stoops con- siderably as he walks, but little of his face is visible. It is clean shaven; he wears neither mous- tache nor beard, but a profusion of waving silvery hair falls over the high collar. The stoop, the snowy hair, the antique cut of his shabby garments convey an impression of venerable age, but Mr. Miles, with basket on back and butterfly net in hand, steps along briskly and the instant the winding of the path hides him from the cottage his pace improves, whilst the stoop dihippears. 'Here and there insects that might well en- gage his attention sail across his path or hover about the underwood on either hand, but Mr. Miles appears quite oblivious. Once or twice he mutters something about 'the three train,' as though he might be making all speed to catch it, but upon reaching the turnpike road; instead of entering it he turns sharply to the left, and forces his way through a small coppice, until he reaches a tree thick enoughi to screen him from obser- vation, yet near enough to the road to per- mit a close scrutiny of all travellers. The first person to encounter the scrutiny, and that almost as soon as Mr. Miles had placed himself in ambush, is St. John Darrell, driving at a spanking pace a blood mare in a dog-cart. The elderly gentleman lifts his sombrero and pushes the green specs high up upon his forehead, as pre- liminaries to a fixed stare. There are crows- feet under his eyes, and here and there time has ploughed a wrinkle in his cheek, but the face is not so ancient as one might have ex- pected. Into it, as St. John Darrell passes, comes an expression, not of satisfaction, not of pleasure, but of expectation fulfilled. 'I thought as much,' says Mr. Miles, primly. The little railway station at Freston is gal- vanised into sudden life. As St. John Darrell drives up and throws the reins to his 'tiger,' the three o'clock train rounds a corner and comes in snorting and puffing as though the disgorging of its half-dozen empty milk-cans and its four passengers were an event of national importance. Two out of the four passengers have been joint occupants of a first-class compartment. The one regards him with sour disfavour, the other with a smile and a blush which render her piquant southern beauty yet more striking and alluring. ' It is too good of you to take the trouble to meet us,' she cries, with emphasis. 'The goodness is problematical,' answers St. John, smiling down upon her an indolent repudiation of the compliment. 'Mrs, Carew sent me, and I came.' 'Mrs. Carew!'exclaims the lady, with an accent of astonishment. She is thinking that she would have ex- pected Mrs. Carew to hinder, not to facili- tate, the pleasant drive under the Freston beeches, at the prospect of which her heart has begun to beat faster. 'She bade me say,' continues St. John, she would have come herself to meet you had not the heat been so tiring. The earl, Lady Clare, and Miss Carew are not making calls. They intend to take this road on return, but probably something is delaying them, as they have not turned up. How do you do, Mrs. Trollope ?' 'Pray how are we to get to the castle?' asks the sour-visaged lady, ignoring the in- terrogation, and turning, with a sniff of dis- approval, from inspecting sundry trunks which the porter has been marshalling on a hand- truck. 'Remembering Lady Dunraven's weakness for rapid locomotion, and a preference she once expressed for a high dog-cart, I have brought a vehicle that will exactly please her,' is the reply. 'And one in which I decline to risk life or limb,' says the sour lady, with increasing acidity. 'I presume my weaknesses are below your consideration, Mr. Darrell.' 'I have not devoted existence to a study of them, madame. I am a lazy man, and hate sustained effort. Would you mind riding with your maid in the break ? or shall I despatch a carriage when we arrive ?' 'I will ride in the break,' snaps Mrs, Trollope, turning away in a manner which seems to indicate that she will not exchange another word on that or any other subject. But at this juncture a cloud of dust upon the highroad resolves itself into Lord Malbreckthane's sociable, and Mrs. Trollope finds therein a seat which, in her judgment, is fairly safe. 'Oh, that we could drive on for ever,' thinks Lady Dunraven. The earl's carriage has been left behind— the pace at which they go creates a breeze which is all the relief, to the heat this low- browed, sun-loving brunette desires. Above, the sky is intensely and beautifully blue, on either hand dark green coppices rest the eye. Sitting here beside the man she loves, exhilarated by the swift motion, gratified by his attention in coming to meet her, she feels emboldened to fire the first shot in a campaign she has planned with careful and skilful strategy. 'Let us talk in French,' she murmurs, in that tongue. 'There are one or two things it behoves me to say to you, Mr. Darrell, which I would not wish your tiger to under- stand.' St. John casts one quick glance at the bright, riante face, then looks again at the mare's ears. 'Say on,' he answers, assentingly. Just for the moment he had feared a renewal of protestations such as took him unawares in a conservatory he knows of, but which he has vowed to himself shall never be repeated. The glance at her merry face reassures him. Yet is he not altogether glad to be reassured. That Lady Dunraven should conceive a grand passion, and reveal it in a scene both embarrassing and painful, was vexatious, but that the grand passion should have died so sudden a death as her manner implies is a little mortifying to masculine vanity. 'We will talk in parables; it is easier,' she continues. 'Not so long ago, as you know, and you only, I went mad. You were my physician, and you cured me in a trice. I am quite sane now, Mr. Darrell.' 'I am truly glad to hear it,' he replies, and his clearcut tones are more cordial and earnest than usual. The momentary twinge to masculine vanity is forgotten already; perhaps the cynic has less of it than most men possess. The tone is kind, and the kindness of it touches her so deeply that, if he were not persistently regarding the mare's ears, he might read in the telltale face, from which the merriment has departed, how chimerical is the cure of which she speaks so trippingly. There is a watcher in the coppice they are passing, peering at her between the leaves of the tree behind which he hides, who reads that tell-tale face aright, and silently curses her, vowing to be revenged. 'I will not say,' she continues—and into her low tones unwonted pathos has crept, making them very sweet and sad—' I will not say that I rejoice in my sanity, that I would not rather have remained blissfully mad to my dying day, that I would not welcome a relapse— 'I trust not, Lady Dunraven.' 'I merely desire to impress upon you the fact that I am now sane. In your wide ex- perience of women you must have known some who broke their hearts regularly and had them patched up again in a month. That is the class to which I belong.' 'I think not,' answers Darrell, quietly. 'Yes, I assure you. My heart has been broken, and is now mended, so skilfully that you will not be able to see the joinings. Or, in other words, I being a woman of the woirld, as you are a man, have seen my folly, and have accepted the inevitable.' 'To what does this conversation tend?' 'To a request that the friendship you promised me shall not be a mere name, but a pleasant and bright reality. I want to forget something which both you and I are now remembering too vividly, and which we must continue to remember, to my hurt, if we are reserved and constrained in our social intercourse. I want new associations to blot out old ones. We may be friendly acquaintances, or we may be true friends, seeking and enjoying each other's society, helping, advising, comforting, and liking each other, with affection which will daily, on my part, become more honest and more healthy.' 'It is a dangerous experiment,' says St. John, thoughtfully. 'I fear that very little good comes of platonic friendship between a man and a woman, Lady Dunraven.' ' But you do not deny the possibility of it?' she cries, eagerly. ' Do not destroy my last hope. Do you not see that I am diverting emotions which threatened to engulf my happiness to a channel wherein they may flow harmlesly? It is nothing to you whether we are friends or foes, or ordinary acquaintances, and, I have no claim upon you, save one you would not admit—that of having loved you, not wisely, but too well.' The short drive is almost over. They are sweeping up the avenue, and in another minute St. John Darrell will be helping her to descend. Has she spread the net vainly in sight of the bird—this net of friendship in which she yet hopes to entangle him and clip his wings? Fierce passions and racking anxiety are tearing at her heart; she knows that so great is what she has aptly called the madness of her love that when he lifts her presently from the high dogcart to the ground she will almost pray to die that instant with his arms round her. But she has a woman's duplicity, a woman's com- mand of feature, and when the moment comes she meets his searching gaze steadily, and smiles at him with such roguish playful- ness that he is almost persuaded her cure is indeed complete. 'Well ?' she queries. 'We will be true friends in the way you wish,' replies St. John Darrell, and as he speaks he realises how much such a friend ship as she has pictured—a platonic friend- ship, steadfast, loving, helpful, sinless, calm —might brighten his weary, self-contained life. As they pass through the hall together she slips her hand into his, and her foolish heart throbs with mad exultation as his fingers carelessly return the pressure. She does not dream that even in that mute ratification of the new alliance his thoughts have wandered away to Blanche Carew. TO BE CONTINUED. 