THE PLAYHOUSE?. ? ^ ? Great Success of The Solicitor ?t the Bijou. 'London Assurance' at the Opera. Sheridan and the Shaughraun at the Royal, The Mikado at the Princess. Faust at the Alexandra. CURRENT PLEASURES. Tlie Bijou attraction, The Solicitor, has caught on. Mre Bernard beere ae 'Lady Gay Spauker' in London Assurance at the Opera House. Fineperfoimance of The Shaughraun at the Royal. The ilakudo to-night at the PrinccBB. A New Version of Favst at the Alex andra. Fresi-. attractions at the Waxworks. Suc cess or the iioiunaa Concerts. News and note6 from all parts Bv 'Quiz.' THE THEATRES. TO GEORGE W. AKiSOK. Crood old George Anson, these few line? Express but feebly the piaise due your name. On learning you will shortly leave our shores, Returning t-- the scents of former fame. Gone, you will be rcmeinlwrcd still. Each character you played has won my heart. Whether upon the Hijmi or Life's stage, A. man were you who acted well your part. 9Tow. in conclusion, let me join Scores who to you good wishes send. Oft' shall we wish you bnck again.— R'ever to be forgotten friend. Tlte Solicitor by one Darnley, author of such piece6 of frivolity as The Barrister, Balloon, etc., still holds the Bijou fort, to the entire satisfaction of the management, not forgetting our World and his best gin. That it is appreciated goes without saying when a management — these times are com pelled in the interests of the public safety to hang nightly in tonspicoous places, a managerial card on which may be seen in bold letters — 'House Full,' 'No Standing Boom.' Such is the present state of the Bijou biz, and right glad we are to see it too. The Solicitor in short is funny, very funny in fact, in proof of the same one need only insert his nose within the Bijou auditorium, any night, and he is instanttly struck with the fear that each succeeding mirth explosion will bring- the roof, in fact Jock stock and barrel! down around him with one terrible crash, so hearty, frequent, and spontaneous are the said expressions, and bo great the multitude. The plot of the The Solicitor (if it has any) must be watched for and discovered to be appreci ated, suffice to say that in the hands of the 'excellent' (with emphasis, please) Bijou company, under the personal direc tion of the everpopulur Bob Brough, it is treated to the satisfaction of all right up to the hilt. In Mr Fabers, who sustains ?'Peter Flagon.' alius 'Percy Fitzroy,' wo recognise, not only a newcomer, but a thorough commedian, and one tha' is des tined ere many weeks have passed to prove Jiimself a second Anson, Messrs Brough, Cannon, Cates, Chichester, Cosgrove, and Mrs Brough and the Misses Romer, Gwynne, Gibson and Major are excellent in their respective characters, and mo:e power to them suy we. The Bernard Beero receipts are like that talented lady's performances, of a very high standard. Sardcu's emotional play, F edorn, baB lield most -successfully the Opera Honse boards for the past fortnight, crowded houses being the rule, more than otherwise. la consequence ot the brevity of the present season, the management have decided to stage, for a few nights only, Boucicault's excellent comedy, London Assurance. The cast, on the whole, is an excellent cne, including the re- appearance of Mr Herbert Standing, which fact alone should command a crowded house. Mrs Beere will appear as, '? Lady Gay,' a clwrucJer that must fit her like a glove, bo a pleasant evening is in store for her patrons. The Royal folks hit upon a 'appy idea when they decided to revive, on a mag nificent scale, Boucicault's evergreen Shaughraun, not simply because it has given employment to many of our ' out of collar' pro's., hut it is a play, when creditably play and propeily staged, from which genuine business is invariably the result. Of course, the great attrac tion on Saturday evening was the debut of John F. Sheridan in the name part. At the outset, we do not deny for an instant that the ' Widder's ' 'Conn'' is both clever, amusing, and entertaining, and, as such, scored a decided success, yet at the Earns time, it is not altogether the ' Conn ' we expected to see, or what the author intended. To our way of thinking, it was obvious mat tne actor guttered through a desire to over-act the part, in lieu of letting the dry humour and cunning of {lje pe'er-do-well leak out in an unassum ing, sneaking manner. However, as we sail before, it is an entertaining perform ance, full of life tnd spirit, catching on well with the audience — what work do you want ? Excellent support was tendered by Miss Gracie White ford as ' Moya.' filias Harcourt made a charming Claire, whilst G. B. Ireland repeats his well-known ' Father Doolan.' Captain Molineaux is 'Mr Boothuian,' played by Mr Boothman, wliilst Charles Brown and Oily Deering are successes in their respective characters. We cannot speck too highly of the enter prise of the management in their mount ing, for of the many productions of the same play that have been staged in this city, none have approached the present revival in the matter of 6cenic display. [Thanks to Brunton,) The Shaughraun i6 a delightful evening's amusement, and should run for 6ome weeks to come. Mr Henry T. Sproule still looks after the co;nf orts of his many patrons. G. D. Fitz.eraldBros. Circus, which has the features of being an Australian show complete in every detail, commenced a season laEt Saturday week at Swanston street north, and judging by the immense concourse of people that have witnessed its production, cutwils in every sense all its predecessors. ' Quiz ' has seen importa tions from all parts of the globe, and has never till now noticed a show what can really be termed a Circus. Messrs Fitzgerald Bros deserve every commendation for the time and labour they have expended on their horses. They are amply repaid for the perfection they have brought them to is really marvellous, and at some times during the performance really incredible. Ihey dance, walk, hop, jump, carry articles and answer to their names as well as any human being, and the nest thing by which ant-ipnr.inppR u.*il] hp tlipi- will Rnpflk. Mr Dan Fitzgerald acts as ringmaster, and shows great skill in handliDg hi6 horses, which including sis Broncos and the pony Commodore go through a number of evolu tions gracefully. The usual feats, tumbl ing gymnastics, contortions and f unnyisms by the clowns interspersed through the evening are of really high quality, and Messrs Fitzgerald Bros, deserve every support as they are Australians, their com pany Australians, and the horses Aus tralians. The management announce repetitions every evening, and matinees every Saturday and Wednesday, at which children are admitted on payment cf six pence. Trams pass the door. Through some unaccountable reason over which the Princess management had no control. Carmen magnificently staged, and delightfully played, failed to hold the Doaias ior more man a paury imrteen nights. We note that this evening will start a farewell revival season, prior to the company's proposed Sydney season. Gil bert and Sullivan's Mikado is to be put up for the brief period of six. nights. Crowded houses should prevail during the coming week. At the Alexandra Alfred Dampier has given up the ghost in the shape of his representation of the Windsor Murder. The second of the series of Shakespearian Fridays was given last evening with undoubted success, Hamlet being the attraction. To-night there will be a complete change, both in the bill, and in the character of the entertainment, when Faust will be staged, let us hope, for a prosperous career. Phil. Stuart booms his popular resort, situate in Bourke-street, known to all as the Waxworks. His latest attraction is Professor Hoffman, an artist one often reads of, but seldom sees. Then come the Glassblowers, wax figures, including all the well-known celebrities, not forgett- ing a presentment of the Windsor Murder. Tariff, one shilling. 