A BAD CASE OR TELEPATHY. (ST. JAVBs'a BUDGET.) it was, i need barmy say, a great shock to me whoa I saw my cousin George's ghost George and I had been very good friends, though wo have bad bur little diff erences ; ana I was no less grieved than, to be quite candid, terrified when George, who had nento New Zealand to look after some property there and was on his way home, appeared ny my bedside, dripping wet, bis pallid lips seeming to mutter inaudible words. < in fact, I wm so startled that I jumped up tu bed and, as I sleep in an attic, struck tny head against a beam and in flicted a cat from which the blood flowed myeider down quilt George was gone. Yee, I was shocked, fiat, as poor GSorge had fallen overboard and met a watery death, I was at last in a potiuon to cany out my vfews as to the disposal of the two estates, to which, under Untie Nicholas's will, George and t were entitled as joint tenants. I had always wished to sell the English estate and keep tho New Zealand our. George, who, had very little business faculty, advocate! eelfiag the New Zealand one and retaining tbe BnglMh in onr hands ; and neither of us would con seat j to a partition te long as toe otoat refused to ' bo in some degree reasonable in his views. , Now, by one of those s4 range decrees at which \ it does cot become us to cavil, poor George was beyond caring for or interfering in such j matterj, and I, as toe survivor, took the whole j estate aud was at liberty to deal with it in the i most prudent way. Next morning I p'astered up my head, put on a black necktie out of respect'for George, mid went off to my solicitor's. I told him of poor George's death, oddtng that legal evidence would follow as soon as the ship touched at a port, and gave him iuitructione to iiud a pur chaser as sodu as possibld for the English Inud. Of course I did not tn.ubleliim with the details of George's apparition ; latvyera think they show sagacity by the most tiarrow-mioded in credulity. I soon found a purchaser, and a few weeks passed while I was screwing him up to tnv price. I had no news of George yet : but I was not much surprised at that, as the poor fellow had very prob ibly left no address, and therefore tidings might not roach me till the 6bip herself arrived. At last one morning I read in my paper that tho bad airivtd, at toe same time a letter from my purchaser reached me, accepting tbe price I h&J; askod. I deter- mined to close, and went down to put my hat onandeotothebtryerV. AC thismomeuttbc door-bell mug. Being in the hall 1 opened tbe door mr$elf. I staggered hack in fright, hold ing my hand over my eye? ; for betore me etood George — himself or his phantom. 44 Leave me, leave nn!" 1 cried, 41 Restless spirit, what ails thee " To ray groat surprise, the form — or, I may as well say, Geor?e— also staggered back, with his baud bsfore bis eyes, claiming iu agitated tone-, 44 P,ace, peace, poor gboet ! Canst thou not rest r " To do George justice, he has never been given to buffoonery in life : and I was sure he would not descend to it after death, although the spirits of Gome people, who ought (o be above it, seen to do so. Beckoning to George, I entered the diningroom ; we would have au ex planation. George followed. 11 Once in a way," I began, 14 at night, I do not object to jour coming. It is inconvenient : but I put up with it. But in broad daylight, on the door-step— really, it's inconsiderate. 44 George looked at me with, a puzzled &ir;« Then he walked towards the bell-iope and said. as if to himself, H I'll seud fora parson and lay him." He wasjoot at all wet, and looked Vriy substantial, x did not quits under stand. 44 George," said I, 44 1 suppose there is no mistake. You are nothing but a ghost/' 44 If you come to that, what are vou j" asked George angrily. <m: uaiui, i onswerea. iou ap peared to me by night, dripping wet, ou the 9th of November last'1 44 1 appeared to yoa P Nonsense! You ap peared to me, you me in." 44 Do ba serious, George. For a person ia your — er position this levity — " 44 You did, man, with blood streaming from your head." I rcmembsred tbe beam and ruv wounded bead. "Do you mean to my you're not dead V" asked George, with leas joy than he might have shown. " I was never in better health in my life," I answered coldly, 41 Thea what the deuce do you mean by haunting me with blood all over you r" 4> tt'bat do you mean, George, by hauntin" me with water dripping from you f" i 44 1'rove it !" said George, defiantly. I motioned him to a seat and relate! what had happened. 44 Of course," I concluded, 44 if you honestly assure me that you are alive " 44 Alire ! Of course I'm alive. I— by Jove, I've got it ! That night s young fool on board stretched a string across my cabin floor, and 44 Tripped and fell through the porthole f1 44 Porthole! Dies tbe mau, no. I fell slap into my bath ; denced hot the water was, too. Ana ic was just wuen X wss swearing- — " Yes ; you appeared to ba Gweariug." 14 That you chose to come and haunt me, looking like a stuck pig. If you're not dead, kindly account for that. ' 1 44 It's all youi fault. You frightened me so that I knocked my head against the ceiling n«d cut it" 44 Honour bright ?'» 44 1 give yon my word." ig It's a little awkward," said George, rub bing his hands, because you see, oldfeljow, re- lying on your intelligence, the first port we came to I wired to New Zealand telling the agent to sell the estate. 1 thought you wouldn't, under tbe circumstances, you know, fee! hurt at ray acting ou rav own responsibility." 44 You'vo been idiot enough V ' Well, I always told you the English oue was tbe oue to Keep." 44 I've sold that," I said, grimly. 44 If you behave as if you were dead, a business man will treat you as dead." 44 1 was no worse than yon were." " It's quite clear that you began it," said I. 44 1 wa6 merely sympathetic." 44 1 never mcaut to do it at all," declared George. I rose and took him by the bond. 44 We have been the victims of adeceDtion, George, lie- 1 criminations are of no uee. What is to be done F" 44 Somebody ought to be run in." aaid George. 44 If," I said, " one ia to be at the mercy of irresponsible apparitions, business cannot be carried on." 41 And there is on end of free institutions," said George. We put on our bats and went to coll on tbe secretary of the Psycholetic Society. We wanted to know what he had to say for himself. . "Am08t interesting case!" be exclaimed joyfully — M a most interesting ease !" " Perhaps," said I ; " but will you favour us with tbe name of a solicitor who will accept eemoe on your behalf !" 14 What do vou rapan "Why, if we lose over having to break off the negoueuone for sale, weaballlcok to your 6ocietf for a remedy, you disseminate broad, cast literature of this description and then dis claim responsibility for what happens !" " It isn't common honesty," laid George. "X admit no liability," eaid the secretary firmly. " You must learn to control your own phanUsmafa." We took our hate. He looked at ns in a curious way. " One moment, gentlemen," he f it. -Although refuting to recognise any I legal liability, vet 1 think I mav eav that thi society would be prepared to do tbe handsome thing if " 44 Well !" we exclaimedeagerly, " If you would be to kind as to hand over to us the letters you each of you no doubt wrote gi?an account of your itrange experience." 4 With pleasure," said I, sitting down and taking a pen. 44 Pardon me — a contemporaneous document u what! mean." 11 f didn't write to him. I thought he woe dead." 44 And you didn't write either, sir ?" ho asked George. 44 What do you take me for F eaid George, who was etill annoyed. 44 Then there are no contemporaneous docu- mente P" 41 None," we replied. . Hs hid his face in his hands, and said, in a woken vtioe, 44 There never are ! There never are! ft'stoohard I" He seemed eo overcome toot George and I, being tender-hearted tnea, tried to console faira by promising to take no proceedings to enforce our claim. He would not be comforted : and we left him rocking himself too and fro and murmuring, 44 X only ask for one letter— only one— just one little letter !" 1 was quite firm about toe Eugtish estate, and George was as obstinate as possible about the New Zealand one. In toe result we each had to pay a hundred pounds to bo off our bar gain. My object in. making tho affair public is to ask how long society is lo be exposed to this kind of thing Y What is to preveut aome idle, good-for-nothing phantom peiaonatiug we, ana running me ia for an actioo for a breach of promise or I don't kuow what F Nobody's sale. That's what I say ; eud George agrena with ine. I believe, ihey call tbe sort of fraud which I have exposed telepathy. A long uarae does not make a thing honest ; and, in ray opinion, .if the law does not reach such practices the sooner it is uttered the better. I have written to our member to tell him eo. I am a largo employer of labour ; and if he do not intro- duaea BUI, be will probably hoar of it. 