on thefcultivation of tea in Assam. His letter ib dated from Sreekonah, Cacliar, Februaiy 16, and we reprint it, being under the impression that a good tea may be produced in this part o Australia. Bat if not the information is sure to be of interest to many readers oftheStor. The writer says: This is a pleasant place on the little river Ghogra iust- below the falls, and close up to the military road leading from Sylhet to Silchar. There is no lonely -^only myself being no Bnro pea ,-esident m o « native gentleman . - the means a name «*fprred saying that he and I bad been on tenns of intimacy for a number of yearn Thia is true. We are good He does his best to entertain me. Ut course I may not sleep under the same roof with him, nor eat from the same dish, because in his eyes I am unclean, he being a very religious and high caste Hindoo who never eats the flesh of mammal except goat offered in sacrifice, and of birds only pigeons. He is a man who bathes at least twice a day, who rubs his teeth at least three times a day with a st«fc, who would rather cut oft the forefinger of his left hand than touch his dinner with it, who believes in ghosts and *i cb«s, and who is in every way devoted to the service of his cods. He has very many gods. In addition, he is a man of much cultiva tion, great intelligence, tnonghtful, and and spiritually minded. But the Baboo is not intolerate according to his lights, and I have the use of his covered verandah, which is a room good enough for my purpose. Then, though he abjures all alcoholic drinks on his own account, he has provided beer for my regalement, and many other good things. He is singularly free, too, in conversa tion, and is always ready to inform me in detail about the manner and religion of his people. "WILD TEA. Tea grows wild in the jangle of Sreekonah. It is not that the plant had been brought from a distance for cultivation and allowed to run wild like cherries at Gibside. It is the indigenous plant-the native tree. Southern as well as northern Assam, the valley of the Soorma-Barak as well as that of the Brahmapootra, is the natural home of the tea plant. Tea is mt fcrnd growing wild in China ; and it is alleged that, when left to itself there, the plant never attains the dimensions of a tree. The cultivated tea plant in a plantation, perforce of constant pinning, is a shrubby bnsti, having the dimensions ot an average black current bush, and ranging from frrnn tri. tea plant is not nacul'aiij the contrary it is a tree growing up to i thirty feet high, and having not un-1 frequently, at the thickest part of its 1 trunk, a giitli of 2 feet. It throws outwards and upwards strong woody branches, and it has leaves large, leatherv, lancelate, flat, saw-edged, and succulent. This morning I plucked from a tea-tree a leaf which lacks only the sixteenth of and inch to be a foot long ami is full four inches wide. I am assured that still larger leaves are met with. It was in 1885 that tea was fonnd growing wild in Cachar, one year before its discovery i« Sylhe*, but about 30 years after its alleged dis covery in TJpper Assam. I have seen it growing wild ou the Tiuttal estate and in other places, but nowhere to the same perfection as in this Sreekonah jungle, where the leaves have repeatedly been plucked and manufactured. The Cookies and Caeharis have been wont to gather the seed of wild tea (a tea seed is very much like a hazsl nut, but its kernal is intensely bitter), and to sell it to the planters. The product of this seed is the highly prized indigenous plant as distinguished from the China and hybrid varieties. ONLY ONE TEA-THE CAMELLIA. It is told of a certain director at the meeting of an" Assam tea company in London how he made a motion to this effect-that Orange Pekoe only should be cultivated in the garden of the com pany, seeing that this kind of tea brings a' so much greater price in the market than any other kind. His motion, if he ever .made it, was the result of what is a very popular error: namely, that the teas .classified in the markets as « flowery pekoe." " orange pekoe," « pek&e;," " souchong," " pekoe-sou C^ong," " Congou," and so forth are not different qualities of tea, but different species of tea produced by different nlants, and mayhap in different places. It is not so, however. All the teas mentioned are produced by the same bush: nor is there anywhere a tea plant which may not produce every one of them. As different parts of the hide of the same beast vary in strength and fineness, so-vary, also, the different leaves on the same tea plant. As the outer and inner leaves of a cabbage differ in tenderness and sweetness, so likewise differ in strength and in aroma the leaves on the same tea shoot, ac cording to their age and position. Only the young succulent leaves on-the new shoots can be manufactured into the tea which, the grocer sells; and the younger the leaf-the higher up its place on th<? shoot-the finer » the quality of the tea which is made of it. The two top leaves have been ealled the flowery and orange pekoes the pale yellow " pekoe tips"'of the careful manufacturer. Thereafter comes the pekoe leaf, and the one Mow it and older than it the souchong. It stands to reason that, though the same bush yields all the teas in the foregoing classification, ail fchebushes in all the! gardena^do iiiofc yieldihemof the same ! quality ; for driepekoe may differ from' another pekoe and one souchong from another souchong, according as there is a difference in the character of the seed from which they spring, in. the quality of their respective soils, and in their climatic conditions. There is another error about tea from which certain text- books of botany have not yet shaken themselves clear. Notwith standing the proved identity in species of all the teas sent to the markets of Europe to be sold for consumption as a beverage, they are still frequently spoken of as belonging to three distinct species of plants-the Thea viridis of Linnreus, the Thea Bohea {both of China), and the Thea assamica. But the botanists of authority are agreed to to consider these three as, at the utmost, only varieties of one species, classifying it under the name of Cam ellia Thea. For the camellia and the tea are identical in genius; and he who has 8^eu a camellia has seen what is likest the tea plant-its very first cousin. There was a time, also, when green tea was supposed to be made from a different species of plant from that yielding black tea. It has only to be said that green tea differs from black tea only in the method of manu facture, and that any tea leaf may be turned out either green or black. The difference is in the degree of fermenta tion. TEA, A PRODUCT OF FERMENTATION. He who takes tea for breakfast swallows what is brought about by fermentation as much as the man who drinks beer to his tiffen or red wine when he sups. Tea is a manufactured article; and, before the leaves are capable of yielding a potable draught, they have to be subjected to four.main processes-the withering, the rolling, the fermentation, and the firing. The most important by far of these is the fermenting ; the two first being in preparation for it, and the last being to check it. Certainly, it is not alcoholic fermentation to which the tea leaf is subjected, nor am I able to say by the action of whac special ferment it is brought about. I am not aware that nobody can tell this. But fermenta tion it is beyond question-fermenta tion of the putrefactive sort, whereby vital changes are produced in the con stitution of the leaf, its color altered, new powers induced, and essences created that were not in it before. Mayhap it is alcin to the fermentation that takes place when grass is made into silage. Anyhow, it is this manu facturing process towards an efficient fermentation, neither too little nor too much, which in recent times has altered the whole tea industry as regards the making of the marketable commodity, I Hand-rolling and all other manipula tion by hands and arms will soon be altogether a thing of the past; and already a factory is by far the most important and expensive part of a tea plantation. The multiplication of machinery, and of expensive machinery ^oo, is steadily on the increase; and m^^^me is not far distant when none wllliS^gdie chance of starting life as a tea plant<?5S*u^ess he be a trained mechanic. * THE TEAS OP INDIA. AND CEYLON. Another word about the tea plant, which is one of the hardiest members of ihe vegetable kingdom, and which endures an annual slaughter by the pruning knife and a weekly plunder by the niruble-fingered coolie picker, which I doubt may be paralleled in the whole range of cultivated plant life. Pro vided that the necessary conditions of climate are present, will the tea-plant grow on any soil % One might almost say so. I have seen the tea-plant giowing among the boulders cn the rugged mountain sides of Ceylon growing where the coffee grew till it was blasted, and where no coffee would at any time grow. I have seen it spreading its green head over the far reacliing plains of Assam on land as flat as the open palm of a lady's hand. I have seen it thriving astonishingly in the dried up fens of Sylhet, nothing better than drained peat-bogs. And here I see it in Cachar, where for a generation it has clothed the teelahs or little hills that are set as thick in the land as the manure heaps carted out for the top-dressing of an English meadow. Now it is a fair question to ask : Will tea continue long to thrive equally well on soils so diversified, so varied|in their aspects, and so different in their coin position ? Even ou tsideis are permitted to have opinion ; and it is mine that it will not. Already the Cachar planters see the soil of their teelahs in an ad vanced stage of exhaustion. Its sub stance is being sapped by the evergreen perennial which fills our teacups, and which is rendered doubly greedy of nutriment by the treatment to which it is subjected. And the soil itself, so often loosened by the cadally or great boe, is being gradually washed down into the valleys by the tropical down pourings in the wet seasons. In con sequence, the ultimate abandonment of the teelahs is now the talk of Cachar, and they are thought happy who have bheel or fen land for the extension of tfa cultivat'on-that is, land In the hollows sufficiently raised for the pre servation of the plants from flood?. Will not what is talcing place in Cachar sooner or later come to pass in Ceylon in Ceylon where the tea-plant gets practically no rest, where the plucking^ woes on the round of the year, where I' have seen pruning and plucking going on at the same time on the same estate, .where the soil on the mountain slopes is a skin of the thinnest, and where the troirical downponrings are not more merciful than in Cachar! Will the tea-plants lately set upon the hills of Ceylon endure for a long time npon next to nothing ? It is most improb able that they will. Ceylon has many advantages ovtr other tea-growing regions in facilities for getting its tea to the ships, in nearness of tlie great markets, in cheapness of; labor, in the greater number of flushings, and in the advertising enterprise of its proprietors. It lacks nothing in the temperature and moisture which the tea plant re quires. Bnt it lacks the matchless soil of the Valley of Assam-the sandy loam, rich in vegetable mould, with the lighter sub strata. Hence it is that the uniform high qualities of the teas of Sibsajjar and La k hi in poor have never yet been possible in Ceylon. When the flocd comfsdown upon the tea- growing levels of Assam, instead of carrying away substance, it leaves a fresh deposit; because the Brahmapootra does in a measure for the great Valley of the North-East what the Nile does for the Delta. As it is the native country of the tea-plant, so it promises to remain the foremost country for tea in all time to come. The future of Ceylon as a tea-producing country is most uncer tain. And Cachar, barring its bheel land-;, is also uncertain. The flats of Sylhet promise always to produce abundantly their coarser kind. 