A Female H her lock lioluios. DUBtNa tbe enslzet held la a southern ally, tbe court was crowded to Its uiidobI oap'iplty, while an impatient tnass of eweylng humanity awaited tbe verdict onteldn. Two young fellows of good blrtb, companions elDce childhood, htfd eet tbetuselveB to earn fame and fortune, or tbe latter at least, iu tbelr native place : Albert Musgrave as an artlet, Herbert OadscD as a doctor. Tbelr love for eaob otber wae brotherly ; yet love proved tbe gulf wblob eeperaied tbem. Both had beeu faaolDatnd with the cbarme of a eunny-beirud, brlgbt-Bved, laughing ploture of beauty. Ber ad mirers were legtou, hut iter favour* were fairly equally beeiowed between tbeae two. One morning folb were horrified wltb tbe report of murder. Musgrave bad been ebot iu bis studio. A revolver waB found on tbe table a f»w inches from tbe dead body. The bullet, wbicb after passing tbrougb his bead bad lodged in tbe wall opposite, exactly fitted tbe obamber, and was precisely similar to tbe others which tbe revolver contained. Both revolver »ud cartridges were proved to have been bought by CadBOn within twenty-'uiir hours of the crime. He was known to have tieen at tne bouse at tbe time of the murder, aa uearly as possible. All tbess things be fully admitted. Unly one faot, be denied, but tbls wae tbe evidence tbat cbtefly condemued him. Edna Dysart, tbe obarmer through jealouay of wbom be waa supposed to bave committed tbe murder, ewure to seeing bim oiose to Ibe bouse ; indeed, ebe bad spokeu to bim, but be strangely passed ber, refusing to epeak. Tbe general evi dence against blm w»b eo overwhelming, tbere could be no doubt of tbe Issue. Tbe prisoner bad condemned himself by bis owu admissions, yet be emphatically asserted bis innooeuoe. Tbe eveutful day of tbe trial came. Counsel bad labored for and agalDBt. The judge bad summed up tbe points of tbe oaee ; tbe jury retired to con eider. The breathless hush of suspense was oppressive. The Angel nf DeBtb seemed almost visible, presently a door opened. Twelve men solemnly took tbeir seats. 'Guilty, or uot gullly?' 'Guilty I' A piercing shriek, awful from Us burden of agony, ranK tbrougb tbe court. Bdna'e unconecious form was borne out. For tbe first time tbe prisoner quailed. Throughout Ibe trial be bad behaved wltb almost callous coolness. Her voice unmanned blm. He buried bis face in his bands, groaulng aloud Bnd trembling violently. With an eBort be regained his manly bearing. Asked if he bad any reason to slate why sentence should not he passed, be drew blmself up, and in a firm, clear voice said ; ' Ti -Jay my words are an empty sound ; one day they will have great power, ibougb tbey will come back from tbe tomb. I am innocent. No man will believe me. I speak for tbe future, because I believe an Avenging Justice, wltb unerring and irresistible aim, will bring trutb to ligbt. Then I wish you to remember my words Then Herbert Cadson, wbo now stands wilb tbe curse of ebame of a murderer on bis bead, will bave tbe bain of a martyr.'' Tbe sentence of deatb was passed, tbe judge being scarcely audible amidst women's eobe. One person alone eeemed unaffected. With tbe quiet demeanour of a bero, Herbert folded bis arms to receive bis doom witb a quiver. To tbe last momentous words, ' May tbe Lord bave mercy ou your eoul,' be responded witb a firm but reverent 'Amen.' * » * « Mr. Carter, Hvrberl'a solicitor, waBiiit lurbed in bis office hy a young lady wbom he at first failed lo recognise aa Edna. Wbat a marvellous change I Her haggard fSL.P |urge eyes, looking larger from their sunken Hookets, the fierce, determined expression of ber face, made ibe old lawyer betray bis surprise in xpite of blmself. Was tbls tbe airy, smiling creature of a few days ago? Bbe bad aited years. He invited ber to a seat, then inquired the object of her ViHlt. 'To free Heroert Cadson. He is Inno cent, Bnd I bave discovered tbe culprit?' Tbe lawyer looked til ber, but did uot epeak. ' Perhaps you tbiuk me mad. Well. I bave been nol tar from it. While you men bave pitieil liitn and wondered, [, a weak woiu-u, have worked.' ' Have you auy evidence of your state ment?' ' Ample. The murderer has a foot two inches longer lUuU Herbert. He wore a pair nf old goloshes with a cut acrosv tbe left eole. Herbert never poeressed such iblngs. On that night be wore a light suit; tbe otber fellow wore a dark tweed null, wilb a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, lighter in weight, and cheaper.' ' How in tbe name of « II that is rational did you learn all tbl»?' 'Tpereby bangs my tale. I believed Herbtrt to be innocent. Commou sense told me crime always leaves a trace for (hose wbo have eyes tosee. Nooue tver Nought. They were nalisfied with super ficial appearamses. Knowing ibe land lord, 1 obtained permission to seo tbe house. I searched for hours without euc ce«B. I was yielding to despair, aod wandered into the hack garden. Sud denly Hilo capered ahoul me wltb enme ibing in his uoutb. It wae a bandker chief. [ look it. A glance made my heart slop — bloodstains. I examined tbat bandbert-hief «s a forlorn digger would gold dust ti was a woman's. It wbb marked ' P. H.. No. 4.' I recog nised it, and knew the owner. I smelt it. What a peculiar scent. I renewed my -earcb witb vigour. It was evident tbe criminal bad esoaped by the back. Re viving hope fired ate. Inch by Inch I scrutinized doors, walls, windows, any thing and everything, large and email. For three days I bunted uucesBlngly. ' My total discoveries were some threads of olotb torn off while squeezing Ibriiugu a email window, bloodstains oo the eafb arising from a cut wltb a rusty nail id ibe wood, loolprintson theground beneath tbe window. The ground was soft enough to receive an Impression. Very close examination revealed a pecu liar imprint witb a out across. An in spiration dawnedon one— goloshes I From | these links bow should I form a obaln? First, tbe handkerobSef. I went to Lay oock'e, tbe cbemist. He ransacked bis sbop, but oould not find me a soent like it. I sbo*. an arrow at ft venture. * You sold some to Mlsa Harvey ?' 'Oh, yes ; I know now, I got that especially for ber. I am sorry I bave unne left.' ' I reeled out of the shop. I wbb on tbe track. ' P. H.' were Prlacllla Harvey's Initials ; ibis was ber bandkeroblef. I went straight to ber bouse. During my utay I feigned having lost my bandket obtef She lent me tbe exact counterpart of tb* one I bad fooud save tbat It waa | marked ' No. 7.' I twitted ber tbat I i knew ebe was In tbe bablt of lending ber handkerchiefs to gentlemen. Bbe laughed and blonbed. I bantered her into confes sion. Bbe had never lent but one. Bbe i told tne to wbom. I involunlarllyjumped from my obalr, hut bad enough aelfoon trol to reoover myself, pretending I bad assumed aitonlsbment. ' Now I bad fairly run down my game. How abould I get Into bis bouse? Pro vtdenoe aided me. - You are an old man { ?nd bave known me from infanoy, eo I can apeak freely to you. At one time be paid me enob attention I bnd to ignore blm. I knew bis landlady well, a garru lous old dame. I fear tbat I am uatur ally wioked, for uiy plan was formed Im mediately ; Entloe him with softest words and all your reiourcee of fascination. From blm aud tbe old woman you will learn and obtain all. ' I succeeded beyond my wildest hopes. I need not weary you with details. By dint of coaxing and presents [ induced the old dame to let me do as I nleased. I talked to her of Herbert till ber bead was ' turned. Tben I made ber my confidante. I wanted to make ber lodger a pair of slippers without bis knowledge. Bbe ottered me a pair to measure. No. I kuew be bad a pair of goloshes same wbers. Could I steal tbem for a day or two? We searched tagefber. Buried In a corner of tbe wardrobe I fouud a pair. I turned tbem up. Tbere was a cut actons tbe eole nf tbe left foot. I trembled eo violently I nearly let tbem fall. I took tbem to Musgrave's house; tbey fitted the prints exactly. I have bad tbeeorap logs of tbe sole of tbe footprint analysed by tbe cbemlet, who says tbey are Iden tical. 'I bave traced tbe suit of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and date of pur chase. But one thing remains undone. I swore I saw Herbert three minutes after tbe murder close to the back of tbe back of tbe house. Ae Herbert 1s dark and tbe oulprlt Is light, he must bave disguised bltnaelf, whioh proves design. A iocai hairdresser aayx he lent the saiue man some wigs, whiakers, etc.. for private tbreatrlcals. Certainly no private tneatrl csia bave taken place, while be bad tbem before and returned them after the date ol tbe muroer, eo (hey were iD bis posses sion tben. CoDOerning the deed Itaelf, you know Herbert swore be left the re volver witb Musgrave an hour before.' ' You astound me, a girl like you, wltb eucb aetnteness.ZIt passes my c unpreben sloo.' ' Don't yon tbluk I bave good grounds tor his arrest?' 'Certainly, Who le he?'' ' Mr. Batley, tbe curate.' Mr. Carter fairly leaped from hie chair wilb an irreverent expression of surprise, tt took him some little time to subside into his usual oalm. Then be sent for tbe Inspector of police, Dutiing an aetans into uis possession. Two hours after tbe officer returned to Mr. Carter's sanctum wltb a aomewbat gloomy face. ' It is all over, Mr. Carter.' ' What, has be confessed ?' ' Yes, in words and action. I wbb guiug up to Mr. Batley's bouse when I saw bim coming. He was lo a great burry, carrying a portmanteau. Tbis, witb hie faoe, made me think be knew we were after him. Mies Edna wae very smart, but she should bave consulted us before ebe took those golosbee. Women are so impulsive. Well, I followed bim. As I expected, be went to tbe railway etalton. I touched hlm.and advised bim Dot to buy a ticket, as he would waste bis money. He turned paler tban Hamlet's ghost. ''God help me! I wbb mad. It was all for her,' be sBld. in a quivering voice. ' Please do uot handcuff, me,' belmplored. 'Very well, Mr. Batley,' I replied. Just tbeu the shriek of an express whistle made me start. He dropped bis bag aod dashed across the platform, I after bim. He won the race. I Inst a prisoner. He tumped clean on to tbe buffers, which burled blm ofl like a football, over and over. His body is lying at the mortuary now.' Every cloud bas a eilver lining. Tbe sunshine of this narrative Is seen in two faces wbloh refleot the joy of love united, so nearly destroyed by ebame and death. 