PRIMITIVE METHODIST CON FERENCE. Missionary tea and public meetings wore held at the Morphett-street Church on Monday evening. Both were largely attended. At tho latter Mr. Georere Robinson nresided. and addresses were given by the Revs. W. R. StephenEon and A. J. Burt. During the even ing the General Secretary (Rev. J. H. Wil liams) presented tho Missionary's report. Mr. W. Diment submitted the Treasurer's reporb, and showed that £142 3s. 7d. had been cleared off missionary debt. Tho choir, under the leadership of Mr. E. Parrey, with Miss Parrey as organist, rendered with credit several selec tions. Third Day. On Tuesday morning the business of the Conference was continued. The book-room report and balance-sheet was received aa satis factory, showing a balance to the good. The Rev. J. H. Williams, who has already served the full term of five years, was reappointed for another year, as Book Steward. The Rev. H. J. Pope was appointed a3 Vice- Steward. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the ex President (Rev. J. G. Wright) for the excel lent Conferenco sermon delivered by him on Friday evening1. An invitation was received from His Honor Chief Justico Way inciting the Conference to an ' at home' on Thursday from 4.30 to G.30 to meet the members of the Wesleyan and Bible Christian Conferences. Tha invitation was accepted. An animated discussion took place on the Eubject of ' Gambling,' which was introduced by a letter received from the Secretary of the Congregational Union. The Rev. J. H. Williams moved— 'That this Conference of tho Primitive Methodist Connexion, represent ing 12,000 adherents, is prepared to unite with tho other Churches of the colony in taking united action with a view to suppress ing the spirit of gambling, and we desire to express our strong disapproval of the Totaliza tor Act and the Government granting a half holiday on Cup Day.' After a prolonged and animated discussion on the subject of Methodist Union the fol lowing resolution was carried — 'That wo express ourselves as strongly in favour of organic Methodist Union on a fair and equit able basis to all concerned, and that we appoint a committee to meet representatives of tho Wesleyan and Biblo Chriscian denomi nations with a view to drawing up a basis of Union, and to take such other step3 as may df-emed necessary for bringing about so desir able an object.' Tho following wero tho committee appointed : — Revs. J. J. Salmon (President), J. Goodwin, A. Wellington, J. H. Williams, J. H. Pope, and S. Raymond, Messrs. J. Peters, C. Dunn, W. Dimont, G. Marshmann, W. W. Win.vood (ViccPresi dmt), and Georgo Robinson. Tho statistical report of Sunday-schools was read, and showed an increase of teachers and scholars. Animated speeches were made, and the following resolution was carried — 'That we record our thanks to the great Head of the Church for the help afforded us during another year; we rejoice that many, as tho resuli of our labours, have been led to tho Saviour; the hopeful state of our Sunday schools is to us a very pleasing feature, and we trust by a fresh consecration to God and abso lute dependence on the Holy Ghost a larger life and increased prosperity will be recorded by us in the future.' At this time deputations were received from the Bible Christian Conferenco and Women's Christian Temperance Union. The Rev. E. Ghattox said he was pleased to seo so many friends whom he had known, but ho with regret missed many whom ho had known and learned to love who had passed to a higher life. He deeply sympathized with the connexion in their losses. The Bible Christians and them Eelves were essentially and fundamentally one. Ho was present as an advocate of Methodist Union, but he felt they must make hasto slowly in tho matter. He wished the Con ference godspeed, and trusted the coming year would bo to them a highly successful one. Tho Rev. J. CoiLixcs (B.C.) congratulated tho Conference on their wisdom in having the Rev. J. J. Salmon as its President, and congratu lated tho President on his position. He thoroughly believed in Mothodist Union, but there wero many problems to solve, and the matter of Church debts wa3 ono. lie was glad they had made such successful efforts in reducing trust debts. He was looking for ward to the time when the colours would be won for Christ. They were trying to bring all men to a knowledge of the Gospel, and had long since learned to say, ' Grace be wjth all who love the Lord in sincerity and in truth.' (Ap plause.) Mrs. NiCiiOLLS (President of the W.C.T.U.) addressed tho meeting. Sonio charged the Association she represented with trying to stari another denomination, bat such was not the caso. They- wero composed of members of every branch of the Christian Church, and consequently were entirely unsec tarian. Their work was to try to gather in the outcast, and to do a work the Churches could not do; also, to educate public senti ment against the liquor traffic, and to dis couraco the use of strong drink as a medicine. They did a work among the children, and that this was woman's sphere must be admitted. Though only a small body eighteen years ago, they now numbered 250,090. She wa3 glad that the Primitive Methodists recognised the right of woman to speak in public, but she noticed they were not yet admitted into the Conferences as delegates. (Laughter.) She commended the W.C.T.U. to their sympathies, and asked for help in their great work. (Cheers. ) Miss Geohge (Secretary W.C.T.U.), after congratulatory remarks, stated that about £4 15s. per head per annum was spent'in strong drink in this colony. They wanted the sym pathy and help of tho Churches to fight tho evil. Their great work was amongst the children, to bring them up to abhor drink and to be good citizens. The Rov. H. J. Pope, in reply to the Bible Christian deputation, said he gave them a hearty welcome and thanked them for their congratulations, and returned their fraternal greetings. The Primi tive Methodists felt very much as the Bible Christians on the subject of union —they were in favour of union, but did not believe in being swallowed up. There must be mutual conces sions before union could take place. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. Robinson said that he wa3 pleased that they all hud the same idea on union, and trusted it would soon come to pass. The Rev. J. G. Weight briefly replied to the W.C.T.U. deputation. 