rp j j -pp; MYSTERY OF THE ABBEY. CHAPTER LXXriL—(CONTINUED.) It was a scene worthy of a painter; the Capucin, with bis long white beard, which descended almost to his knees, waving back the people from the steps of the church— the assassin in the background, clinging to the gates—Henry Ashton and Wayland standing over him, ready at every risk to seize him, if once he quitted his hold—the whole portal lit by the torches which the monks carried in their hands, and which cast a lurid light upon the picture. Thrice did Micara sternly warn them back, and the ruffians, whose numbers had considerably augmented, retired from the steps like some sullen wave, slowly and hoarsely murmuring. At last the distant tramp of the guard was heard advancing along the Corso. " We are saved !" whispered Wayland ; " thanks to the good father's courage. I'll never speak ill of a monk again, as long as I draw breath in Rome." The officer, with a detachment of about twenty men, who were accompanied by the curate of the church, now made their appearance. The assassin looked wildly round; he knew that if he attempted to fly, the military would fire upon him ; the mob, too, already began to desert him; few of them but had certain difficulties—as the Italian call their affairs with justice—which they were not esger to unravel. "Spire we I" be said, addressing our hero; " and I will inform you of everything." The monk looked at him sternly. " Point out my employer I" added the wretch. Ilenry would gladly have acceded to the prayer of the man, whose manner had suddenly become as abject as it had previously been insolent and menacing. It was not the military he feared; they, he knew, would not venture to drag him from his sanctuary; in all Rome there was but one man besides the Pope who could give such an order, and that man was Micara. For years he had been supreme judge of the sacred office, and the ruflhn knew it. " Save me from him I" he shrieked, pointing to the Capucin; "I will reform cay life, confess all, and " " Too late!" exclaimed Micara, ia a calm, passionless voice. " Thou hast been warned—and warning has been thrown away npon thee. The hour of forbearance is past." The captain of the guard and the curate alone mounted the steps of the portico. The latter no sooner saw the general of Capncini, than he inclined respectfully before him—his power to save the man was gone. "Captain," said the monk, "you will take this man, and lodge him in the Holy Office!" "No, do—not there J" exclaimed the prisoner, with a shudder. " Anywhere but there!" " And remember," continued Micara, " that you are responsible to me for the execution of my order, and the appearance of your prisoner." The officer bowed, and said that from hie hands only could he receive him. "True!" replied the Capucin. "take hira!" The Transtaverini, although a powerful, muscular man, shrank like a child at the grasp of the speaker; his arms and limbs seemed paralysed—his hands relaxed their hold, and he fell into the ayms of the soldiers like a being suddenly deprived of strength. " Away with him !" he added. t The rest of the men stood ronnd him, and he was carried off to the prison most dreaded in Home—that of the Holy Office, or Inquisition. Turning towards our hero, Micara offered to conduct him to his hotel. The offer was too valuable to be declined, for dark, menacing groups were gathered at distances in the piazza; the presence of the monk was the guarantee of bis safety. " Farewell," he said, as be left them ; " you will be wise not to quit the shelter of the casa to-night—to-morrow I will issue orders that shall insure your safety !" With a benevolent smile, be left him, and Henry mounted to the apartment of his friend. " Curse him I" muttered Martingale, as soon as he beheld our hero; " again be has escaped me !" and added aloud, " So soon ba?k, dear Henry ?" My life has been attempted {" 1 By whom r "I know not; but in the mowing I shall be prepared to ask the question ot my enemy; the wretch he employed is in the hands of the Holy Office; but good night," ho added, " I will not detain you —in the morning we shall meet again. Martingale, with difficulty masking his confusion, left the room. . " I am glad you are returned !" exclaimed the invalid, extending his hand, as Henry entered hie chamber; "I began to have such stiange misgivings." " Misgivings 1" repeated his friend. « Yes ; and poor Martingale more than shared them. I am certain that he takes a deep interest in you !" Indeed! Why so V' " Oh, I am sure of it! When the hour advanced and you did not return, he became quite uneasy, hoped you would not leave the Cosa Borghese alone—spoke of the danger of travorsing the streets of Rome at night—related so many anecdotes of the different assassinations which had taken placp, that his cheek grew pale, and my heart beat to hear him." "How cruelly I bave wronged him!" thought our hero. At an early hour the following morning, the assassin was brought before the Sacred Tribunal. Micara, who took an interest in the safety of the young Englishman, was determined to leave no means untried to discover his enemy. Your name?'' he said to the prisoner. Pietro Alessandro I" " How often have you been accused before the Holy Office?" demanded his judge. " Twice, illustrissimo !" "And each time of murder, or at least an attempt at murder 1" observed Micara, drily. The prisoner hung his head. " Now then, Pietro, hear mo! The mercy even of this patient and longenduring tribunal is at last exhausted. The last time you were dismissed, you were told the result it ever you fell beneath its censure again!" Mercy!" It is my duty " " Mercy, padre mio, this time; it was only an Ivglese !" To pronounce," continued the priest— heretic!" " A sentence, which ample confession may perhaps induce me to use my influence with the council to mitigate; but remember it must be ample." " It shall—most ample." "The name of your employer?" I do not know it, father i" " Trifle with me," exclaimed the priest, sternly, " and thy fate is sealed! Was it not that disgrace to his nobility and tbe name of Rome—the Prince Colonna ?' "The Prinoe Oolonnal" repeated the ruffian—" no! I swear to you, holy father, that I have never seen the prince; at least for years." " Who then?" An Inglese!" " An Ingkse 1" repeated the priest, thoughtfully; "may this be true? And he resides?" he added. " At the hotel in the Corso." Without further question, the priest waved to the attendants to remove their prisoner, and, calling for an apparitor, placed a blank order in his hand. It was to be filled with the name of Robert Martingale. From the position which the general of the Capucini held, as one of the supreme jufiges of the Holy Office, there were few circumstances occurring in the Eternal City which were not made known to him. At first he had suspected that the Prince Golonna—a proud, passionate, dissipated man, whom public rumor had long designated as the lover of the beautiful Pauline —was the instigator of the murderous attempt upon our hero. The confession of the assassin, however, had undeceived him; he did not doubt the sincerity of that confession an instant—for he well knaw that the hold he possessed upon his terrors was greater than the dread of violating any oath he might have taken to his employer. " Such," he said, " are the sad results of human passion, human pride. In the path of crime, our earlier steps are slow, and raaiked by doubt and hesitation ; but as the wretch proceeds, the declivity becomes more steep—he cannot pause, but plunges headlong in the dread abyss, which sooner or later must engulf bim. This yoang Englishman interests me," he added; " there i3 a froshness and simplicity in his character which prove him to be unsullied by the vrorld. I will probe this matter to its depths, and strike a blow to appal hie en >mies." Seating himself at the tabic, he wrote a few lines to qi^ hero, requesting hig attend- ance on the following day ; when he had sealed it with the bfoad signet of his office, he summoned one of the officials of the Holy Office. t{ This," he said, " to the English Signor Ashton in the morning." With a mnte sigh of obedience, the man retired, and the excellent Micara almost directly after withdrew to the solitude of his convent. At a later hour that same evening, after most of ber guests had l«ft the gilded saloons of the Duchess of Devonshire, Cardinal Gonzalvi entered the boudoir of her grace; he found her engaged iu an animated conversation with several of her fair countrywomen, who appeared deeply interested in the subject. "I am sure we shall succeed !" he heard her say. "The heart of Pius Yfl. has known suffering, and suffering has taught him mercy; and see," she added, turning towards his eminence, " here comes the good genius of our project!" The churchman bowed with a gallantry and grace which many a layman might have envied. George IV., who was no bad judge of manners, pronounced him one of tbe most elegant men he had ever met. It is a fact, perhaps, not generally known that, upon the downfall of Napoleon, the Cardinal Gonzalvi was secretly accredited to the Cabinet of St. James's, and received iu a semi-official manner by tbe Tory Ministers of the day. He was even present at one of the levies, on which occasion, despite the hints and indirect advice he received, his eminence maintained the dignity of the Roman purple—by appearing in his scarlet soutan and pelerine. Iu the list of presentations he was announced merely as MonsigDOr GoDzalvi; so little was known of foreign titles at the lime, that it passed unnoticed. Exeter Hall was not in existence at the time. " Have you succeeded ?" exclaimed the duchess. " Nob without some difficulty," replied her visitor; " for you know that I never interfere in ecclesiastical matters; fortunately, however, the vicar of his Holiness had occasion to require my services, and I " "Proffered service for service?" interrupted her grace. " Even so I" He placed, as he spoke, a small slip of parchment iu the hands of the lady, on which something was written in Latin—it was sealed with tbe Pjntificial seal. What is this ?" she demanded. " The order you seek," replied his eminence. " And there can be no hesitation— uo excuse ?" inquired the kind-hearted woman, who felt deeply interested in the sacuess of Henry Aehton'fl attempts to reloaso Lady Mowbray from her ill-considered vows. "The superior of the Theresians has twice refused me admission to my unhappy friend. Should this fail," she added, " the opportunity we have so long sought for will be thrown away." "Fear not 1° replied his eminence with a quiet smile; " I know whom I have to deal with; no form has been neglected. Were Lady Mowbray on her death-bed, receiving the last solemn rites of the Church, at the sight of that parchment every barrier would fall, and you would be admitted to her presence!" But can she leave her prison 9" " As freely as if no vow bad passed her lips! For twenty-four hours she is a free agent." " Enough!" said the dacbess, turning towards her friends; " I answer for the CHAPTER LXXIIV. The King's Arms, at Mortlske, was one of those quiet, old- fashioned country inns, so fast disappearing from the roadsides and villages of England, before the united inroads of steam and rail. In its well-sanded, dreamy, odd chambers the wayworn traveller—as the merry knight of Shakespeare expresses it—might take his ease, secure of hospitable treatment, comfortable fare, and reasonable charges— fhiags we regret to add, which are daily becomiug more scarce. I t was not much frequented by strangers, but had its stated customers, depending chiefly for support upon the tradesmen of the place, the servants of tie neighboring gentry, and the market-gardeners—tather a numerous class, for the land ronnd Mortlake and Sheen is cultivated chiefly for tbe supply of the London markets. These persons regularly passed their evenings in t he parlor or taproom of the hotel, accordu; to their respective standing in ti)Q village. Every parlor and taproom has its oracle; men who are thought wise because they pronounce dogmatically. Such persons are as jealous of their authority and opinion as a coquette of her lovers, or a politician of his influence. The great gun of the parlor was the village schoolmaster—a canny Scotchman .—who had educated most of the rising generation of Mortlake. Like many of his countrymen, he possessed considerable shrewdness and some learning. The former he used to maintain the position he had assumed, by playing off one party against another, studying their weakness, from •which he drew his strength, in order to hold the balance between them. Modern statesmen, in a wider sphere of action, do the same. His learning was displayed in scraps of old, out-of-the- way knowledge, and curious anecdotes connected with the traditions of the place. In politics he was a Whig— perhaps something more; had a great respect for the now almost forgotten names of Hunt and Cobbett—had a perfect horror of the Times, whose editors he pronounced ready-made rascals, although he acknowledged their talent. Amble—the name of the schoolmaster— like other great men, was not withcut hiB •weak point. His consisted in the idea that he was possessed of a remarkably fine bass voice. With all his quips and oddities, he was a fine-hearted oid fellow, ever ready to contribute his mite to the distressed ; quarrelling one moment with a neighbor, inconveniencing himself, perhaps, to servo him the next. He had never been known to bear resentment four-andtwenty hours but once, and then it must be owned the provocation was sufficiently strong to palliate, if not justify, the unchristian-like feeling. An artist, a painter of men and manners, had disputed the ex cellence of his lower G; more, he had even had the cruelty to induce a friend— one of the bassos of the Opera House—to spend an eveniDg in the parlor of the Sing's Arms, and sing the old man's favorite— indeed, his only song— 1 am a friar of orders grey, And down in the valley I take my way. The habitues of the room very properly discountenanced the attempt, by declaring that it was nothing like the schoolmaster's —and it was not. Amblers dignity was deeply wounded. A man with one song is like a man with one idea. Woe to those who anticipate the former or venture to dispute the latter. The oracle of the tap-room was an old Thames waterman, known by the name of Kit Crust; and never, perhaps, were name and character better assimilated. He agreed with no one ; and maintained his influence, from that very reason, over all. He once had the honor of forming one of the boat's erew which rowed George III. and his queen from Eew to Richmond; and, no matter what the argument or sul jecfc of conversation, he invariably clenched his opinion by alluding to that glorious fact. It was whispered amongst his most intimate friends that he left directions to have engraved upon his tombstone—for he was well to do in the world— "Here lies Kit Crust, who helped to row his Most Gracious Msjasty George III." Although their orbits were different, the schoolmaster and the boatman sometimes clashed; not in their persons, but opinions. This waB occasioned by the frequenters of either room, dissatisfied with the judgment of their own oracle, appealing to that of the other—a epecies of treason against his authority which each potentate resented. Both parlor and tap-room, on the evening we are about to describe, were agitated by a rumor that Red Balph, Remnant's cowboy, had encountered a certain nameless personage in Cromwell House. Of course our readers have not forgotten the fright the lad received from the ayah, on the occasion of his last visit to the dilapidated mansion of the great regicide. Never previously had Ralph found himself an object of such general interest. After relating his tale in the tap-room, he had been sent for into the parlor. Amble had eveh condescended to pat him on the head-—an honor which raised the lad considerably in his own esteem; for, like most of the youngsters in the place, he: Btood in great awe of the schoolmaster. JUBI as he was about to recommence his narration for the fifth time, two travellers made their appe .ranee in the parlor of the mile wn. One was an elderly, gentlemanly-looking nun, between forty and of ag Sri e " His companion, who tobehiB^on.™ 13410 Ioofc ' Was young eno n 8 h Me wore the fc^ucntera of tye room accustomed to see strangers amongst them, that every eye was directed towards the new-comers, as if they almost resented their intrusion, and then turned towards Amble, to ask his opinion of them. The old man nodded solemnly once or twice between the whiffs of his pipe, as much as to say—" Wait awhile—I'll sound their bearings." Ralph having completed his wonderful story, was dismissed to the kitchen, where the chambermaid and the cook were impatiently waiting to hear him; the latter, with professional instinct, guessed the way to his confidence—she placed the remains of a rabbit pie before him; it WBS savoury enough to serve as a key even to a policeman's heart. " Well, doctor," exclaimed a shrewdlooking young man, who had lately settled in Mortlake as a builder and architect : " what is your opinion ot this rigmarole ?' The schoolmaster hesitated ; the ques tion was somewhat novel. Like a prudent man, ho paused before compromising him self by pronouncing judgment. " Suspicious, but not conclusive," replied the pedagogue at last; " incline which way you will, doubt, like a recurring decimal, will return. The rigmarole—which, par parenthese, is a vile word—would appear probable, if it were not impossible." " You are no believer in ghosts, sir V observed the elder of the two strangers, who had been an interested listener to the boy's story. "In Scriptural ones, sir—Scriptural ones. I believe in Saul and the Witch of Endor 1" was the reply. " And the one which warned your own Scottish monarch, James, before the fight at Flodden ?" added the gentleman ; " for I perceive, by your accent, that you are from the other side ot the Border." This was a sore hit—a very sore one to Amble; who, like many of his countrymen, labored under the delusion that he spoke English with a purity and accent which defied detection. A quiet smile played upon the features of most present. " You have been told, sir," he answered, rather tartly, " that I am from Scotland— I never deny my country; but let that flea stick by the wall, as the old saying is. As you are so learned in accents," he added, "doubtless ye must have been a great traveller ?" The stranger shook his head, to negative the supposition. " Or at least seen many strange things in the course of your life 1" continued the speaker. " Now, what is your opinion of this rigmarole, as my young friend class! cally calls it ?" " Nothing can be more simple," replied thegentlemaii; "the boy has been frightened by his own iotiagination." " But Ralph has no imagination," observed the schoolmaster, with a chuckle. " Nature has denied him the faculty." " Or has been terrified at finding himself alone in an uninhabited house, to which so many strange reports are attached," added the stranger. " But Cromwell House is not uni inhabited," added the Scotchman. The two strangers exchanged glances, and the younger one whispered to his com panion, in an undertone, the name pf the Elworthy—for it was no oilier than the lawyer and Joe Beans who had introduced themselves into the society assembled in the little parlor at the King's Arms— nodded assent. " By some ancient family who have long possessed it, no doubt he observed. "Ancient or young," replied Amble, we ken very little about them—the place is kept locked and guarded like a prison; now and then the gates are opened to admit a carriage which whisks through the village, and that is all any one sees of the inhabitants." "But they pay well," observed the grocer. " And regularly," chimed in the baker; •'so tbey must be respectable." The butcher, with whom they had not yet dealt, was of a different opinion. " We shall see strange things soon," observed the sexton—who, since the fright be had received on the night of his visit to the church with the Khan, had been a constant frequenter of the inn ; " for my part, I believe the bov's stoiy—the powers of darkness are loosed I" All eagerly pressed the speaker to explain himself. Prudence, of course, kept him silent. His traffic with the mysterious recluse in the cottage had not been of a nature to bear explanation. Many of the relatives of those whose beads he had supplied him with—as he believed, for no Christian purpose—were present. All that could be drawn from him were muttered cxciamations of— " Time will show—time will show." " But Bhow us what ?" The sexton shuddered, and spoke no more, but soon afterwards he left the room. " Old crossbones has seen something 1" whispered the landlord to the schoolmaster. " If it was worse than himself," was the reply, "it must have been hideous, inde. d." The two travellers had arranged to pass the night at the little inn. The elder one almost immediately aftei wards retired to rest, leaving his companion to follow up th<i design which had brought them to Mortlake. Red Ralph, who had been hero of the night, both in the parlor and tap-room, was wending his way towards the cottage where he resided with his aged grandmother— Whistling as he went—for want of thought— wlen a hand was gently laid upon his shoulder; the boy started and turned. " Lord bless I!"' he exclaimed ; " why didst thee frighten a body so 1" " Don't bo frightened !" *'' I beant," replied Ralph, perfectly satisfied that the speaker was human ; " there be plenty of folks near." " And if there were not," said Joe Beans —for it was no other than our old acqu lintance—" you would have nothing to fear from met Ralph," he added, "are yoa fond of money ?'' " YeB 1" answered the savage, with a broad grin. The young man took from his pocket five sovereigns and showed them in the palm of bis hand to the cowboy, who probably had never seen so much gold at one time in his life. It appeared a treasure to hip unsophisticated mind. " Be all that gowd ?" he demanded. Joe nodded. " Real gowd ?" " As good," said the young man, " as ever came from the Bank. Now listen to me—on one condition they are yours 1" " Mine ?" repeated the astonished lad. " Yes 1" "What, alii" "All!" " And what mun I do for it ?" " Introduce me to Cromwell House !" " No !" answered Ralph with a shudder ; " noa! I shouldn't so much moind if it wor day!" "Day or night—what difference can that make ?" "The gbostesses never come by day," muttered the urchin, casting a greedy look upon the coins which Joe still held in his expended hand. " Listen to me, Ralph," replied the young man. "I will. " Tho ghost you have 6een was no ghost —only a black woman—one of the servants of the house. I have seen her a dr z°n times in a distant part of the country. Of course you have heard of black people V' The lad hesitated; he certaiuly had heard of black men—nay, he had even seen one—a sailor, who had strayed from the classic purlieus of Wapping to the rustic ehades of Mortlake. Therefore he knew that there were such things as black m m in the world—it was the existence of black women that lie doubted ; but, as the schoolmaster observed, he had no imagination. "Will 'ee go with I?"he demanded, after a pause. " The very thing I have bean requesting 1" said Joe. "Dang it, then, but I'll try !" exclaimed Ralph, with sudden resolution ; " if thee aint afeard, I don't see why I should be. Lot I just feel the gowd—1 never touched a reil tuvrin afore!" More," Slid the young man; " you shall have one in your pocket, as an earnest of the rest." So saying, bo placed one of the glittering coins in the hand of the led, who grinned aad laughed with delight—he swelled with th9 importance of his newly-acquired wealth. I'il go—IH go I" ho chuckled, his courage wonderfully strengthened by the magnetic touch; " but be it really a woman," be added, " and no ghost V " Really a woman." " Follow I J" continued the boy ; " they may lock the gates and bar the winders, but they can't bar I out of Cromwell House—it be loike a rabbit burrow; there be plenty of ways in and out. Don't 'ee speak," he added, as they approached the narrow lane running parallel with the lawn in front of the mansion j 41 and if anybody comes, do as I do." " And what may that be ?" demanded Joe Beans. By way of illustrating his intention, Red Ralph fell upon his hai<ds and knees, and began creeping like a dog under the shadow of the hedge. J oe had too frequently practised the same feat, when he and HeDry Ashton were boys together, and they bad stolen from the farm on a moonlight night, to try the farmer's gun upon the common, to find the least difficulty in following his example. " By gam 1" exclaimed the cowboy with a chuckle ; " but thee beest one of the right sort! Thee beest used to it!" CHAPTER LXXV. Foal deedB will ri6e, Though all earth o'erwhelm them to men's eyes. —SHAKESPEARE. _ The morning at last arrived on which Sir Thomas Lawrence was to present our hero to the Sovereign Pontiff, Pius* VII., a prince in whoso gentle heart the spirit of persecution bad never entered. Even his great enemy, Napoleon, loved him for his gentleness, respected him tor his firmness that had thwarted one of the darling schemes of his ambition. Ho had endured captivity and exile patiently. Restored to his throne by the Allies, after the downfall of his persecutor, he bore his honors meekly. Since the days of Ganganelli—whom English travellers named the Protestant Pope—no one had filled the Papal throne with greater humility than the good and amiable Chiaramonti, who, previous to his elevation to the chair of St. Peter, had even be-in suspected of liberalism by the Ultramontanes. The shelter which, in the hour of adversity, ho afforded to the family of his persecutor, speaks more for the benevolence of bis heart than a hundred panegyrics. To the unhappy Lady Mowbray the interview was a most important one; it was to decide, as she fondly imagined, between home and the cloister—the recovery of her son, the restoration of her matron fame—and that living tomb which excludes the worm, but not the vain regrets and broken hopps to which death brings relief. " Farewell, dear Walter!" said Henry Ashton, pressing the band of his friend, who for the first time had been permitted to quit his bed cf suffering for a couch, near the window. "Our kind friend MartiDgale will more than supply my place till I return." The gentle smile of the invalid and his glance seemed to reproach the speaker for supposing that any one could supply his place; no—much as ho felt disposed to like his new acquaintance, Walter Mowbray Jelt that he never could become to him a friend like Henry. The agent of Mecran Hafaz saw the glance, and it annoyed him—fur, by one of those strange contradictions of humanity, he felt desiroue of securing the friendship of the youths whose happiness he was plotting against. He liked them from sympathy—he destroyed them from calculation. In feeling be waB a sentimentalist —in morals a mathematician. "I will do my best," he said; "but Walter says truly, I cannot replace you." The friends looked surprised, and the invalid observed that he had not uttered a word. " Words," continued the speaker, " are but the signs of thought. A look will often express them f«r more eloquently. I frequently glean from them more than from language. We may school our tongues, but not our eyes; tbey are the windows of the soul, and, curtain them as we may, the spirit will peep forth." " A philosopher !" exclaimed Henry laughingly. " No, a mere observer. Life is too short; to analyse." " And what has observation taught you T' demanded Walter Mowbray. " To doubt!" was the bitter and somewhat sarcastic reply; " none but dreamers trust!" " Oat upon thee for a slanderer of thyself!" exclaimed Henry Ashton. " Do not believe him, Walter—it is but a momentary spleen. I am sure that be would \ather live the woild's blind fool than act its heartless cynio.. To hear him prate, one would almost think his heart a charnelhouse—its tenant bitter ashes." " Well, well!" exclaimed the deceiver, with affected carelessness, " you will persuade me that I am better than I iudee J 6 myself." Shortly after cur hero bad taken his departure, one of the domestics of the hotel entered the room, to say that a gentleman desired to speak with the SigDor Asbton. " You know he has left the oasa!" observed Martingale, " I told him so," continued the man ; " but either he would not believe me, or bad his own reasons for persevering. He Is in the next apartment." "The next apartment!" repeated both the young men, with surprise. "I dared not refuse him," said the Waiter, in an apologetic tone. Then, lowering his voice, he added, " he is a member of the secret police of Home—they penetrate everywhere." At the word "police," despite his habitual Belf-command, the countenance of Martingale changed. Something whispered that the visit boded bim no good. "I will see this man myself!" he said, addressing the invalid, " and learn his business. Police !*' he repeated, with an attempt to smile; " this must be some Btupid mistake of the servant's." " We never mistake, signor," replied the man ; there is not a domestic in any of the inns u of R-jme — from the Hotel d'Espagna to the humblest osteria—but is acquainted with them." The poor fellow shrugged his shoulders •—the resouree of an Italian when he either fears or does not wish to give an answer. Although far from suspecting the real character of the treacherous man who, like a serpent, had introduced himself to his and Henry's friendship, Walter Mowbray could not avoid thinking it rather singular that Martingale should carefully close the door which communicated with the saloon, as he left the room. In the low, nervous state to which his wound had reduced him, it slightly irritated bim; but the feeling gradually gaTe way to one of a yet deeper interest, as a word spoken in a louder tone than the rest caught his ear. " Would I were strong enough to leave the sofa!" he murmured; " would I were strong enough!" When Martingale entered the salon de reception, he found a shrewd-looking, elderly man, plainly but gentlemanly dressed, seated at the table, upon which was the travelling desk in which Henry Ashton kept his correspondence and his papers. The Italian turned his cold, searching glance upon the Englishman, as if he Would read him through. The traitor endured the scrutiny unmoved; he had strung his nerves for the occasion—like his heart, they were of iron. " The Signor Ashton, I presume ?" said the agent of the police. "His friend only," replied the accomplished deceiver. " The signor is absent." " And when will he return ?" Martingale shrugged his shoulders, as much as to intimate that it was one of those questions which he found it impossible to answer. " The signor is young," he said, " and has many engagements into which friendship must not pry too curiously." The Italian smiled—he perfectly comprehended the insinuation. " Can you tell me," he inquired, " if your friend has lately received letters from England ?" " Not very lately, I believe ; the post is irregular," replied Martingale. "I know that some weeks since he complained of it bitterly. But may I ask the object of such a question V "I belong to the police of Rome," answered the stranger. The Englishman drew himself up with Well-affected surprise. " Tho secret police," added his visitor. " I really do not see how my friend, the Signor Ashton, attached to the British Embassy at Naples, can have aroused the suspicion of the Roman Government. Any communication would have been more en regie from the Ministor of Foreign Affairs, Cardinal Gonzilvi, who honors him with his friendship." " I know it," replied the Italian, perfectly deceived by the cool self-possession and assumed haughtiness of the speaker; " my visit is a friendly one." Martingale expressed increased Eurprise. " When I siy a friendly one, it is made in his interest. As yoa are the friend of the signor, there can be no impropriety in my intrusting you with the affair." " You must be the best judge of that,'' wa3 the reply, uttered with such wellaffected indifference, that it deceived even the wjjy agent of tho police ; " I cau have no opinion on the subject." " The correspondence," said the man, lowering his voice, " has been tampered with J" " By the Government V "Fie, signor—fie!" exclaimed the visitor,; " the supposition is unjust. The Government of the Hnly Fattier is no less noted for its paternal benignity than its honorable conduct towards strangers. It would blush to " Martingale began to yaws. The speaker, seeing that the eloquent vindication of the Pontifical Government which he was about to utter would be thrown away, at once dropped the subject. " No, signor; by some agent from England." The Englishman shook his head incredulously. (To be continued.) 