TWICE LOST. A TALE OF LOVE AND FORTUNE. BY RICHARD DOWLING. CHAPTER IX.— Continued. At the best the Cranes were watchmakers, Mid they might ho all dead or they might be all out of the country. Anyway, she knew so little about them that alio did not think it 1 necessary to mention even their names to the 11 gentleman of private means,1 ' for a man in his position would not care to hear he was marrying a wife who hud an uncle and cousin working at a trado with their hands. Sho told .Teaters of her uncle in America, because an undo in America may be anything — may he in the highest possible degree rcspeotnblo and enormously rich. She wrote to her uncle Stebbing announcing her marriage, bccauso she thought it would look well in Frank's eyes that she should havo an uncle, and she f;ot hack a letter of congratulation with a tundred dollars to buy herself a wedding present. But Frank J eaters had not from first to last of his acquaintance with his wife heard anything of John Crane, not even the name. "You must have wondered," said John Crane to Airs. Orr at the beginning of the appointed interview, "why I did not come last night or this morning." "Well," said she, "I know young men are often shy in such a matter as this." She smiled to show him his answer was not likely to be an unpleasant one. He looked at her with sorno surprise. " I fear I am not very shy," said he. "After leaving here yesterday it occurred to ine that I had not told you anything of my affairs, and that, considering the question I had asked you, it must have seemed strange I had not done so." 44 Oh, Mr. Crane," said she, 44 I know you are a very sensible young 7nan, and I took it for granted that you would not say to me what you did unless you saw your way pretty clearly to carrying out what you spoke of." " Before we go further," said he, " vou may as well know all I know of my affairs. I may tell you that the day before yesterday, although I had then, and for a good while before, made up my mind to speak, I had 110 intention of speaking so soon. Yesterday I got a letter which, I think, warranted mo in speaking at once." Mrs. Orr bent her head to indicate thatsho was all attention. 14 Until I got that IcttcrT did not think I was as yet ill a position to marry. I have gone very carefully into my accounts. After deducting rent, taxes, wages and other un controllable expenses, I find my income for tlio past 12 months docs not exceed £150 ; it it was between £130 and £150 ft year. That would hardly warrant a man marrying un less ho and Ilia wife were resolved to live very quietly." " My daughter is not accustomed to fine things. Sho has been brought up simply." " I thought of that. But still one would like to bo a little better off than I atn now, and one M'ould like to be able to see a little into the future. My business is only lately started. It may be a success and it may not. I have, I think, good reason to think it will, but I am not free from anxiety and care. " " If all lived together, either here or in North Furham, there would be a saving. I supposo you did not think of separating me from Edie. She is all I have in the world." " I calculated on you being willing to live with us. You, I thought, would inuke over the business to inc or Miss Orr. I thought of buying an annuity of £26 a year — 10s a week, you know." "Yes, I know." " Twenty-six pounds a year for vou, and giving you the right to board and lodge with us over and above the annuity money. I calculated that £26 a year would bo enough for your pocket-money, your clothing, and everything of that kind, and that every thing in the nature of board should be sup plied over and above the £26 a year." 44 1 should then be better off than ever I was in my life," said she. 44 1 don't think the business hero would bear more than what I have said. If my plan, which is a new ono in this district, anyway, I mean my scheme of using shops as places for collecting job3 and having all the jobs so collected done in first- rate work, and quickly, by first>-rato work men, under capable supervision — if that- scheme should fail, and I should go to the wall, vou would be secured against absolute want by the annuity. If things go on well vou M'ould, I think, be comfortable and nappy with us." "I am quite sure I should, Mr. Crane, and as far as I am concerned when you havo spoken to Edie she will only have to tell mo all is settled between you and her to get my hearty consent, for I think you are a good young man, Mr. Crane, and I've liked you from the first, and I like you more and more every day I see you, and 1 like you most of all to-day. For I find you are a good, thoughtful, honest young man." The tears were in her eyes. She rose up and caught his hand and pressed it warmly. 44 And I'm sure you'll be good to my girl." 41 Thank you," said he, a little embar rassed by her show of emotion. 44 1 am very much obliged to you for giving me permission to try my chance with Miss Orr. I am very much obliged to you for your good opinion, and I hope I may be successful with her." "I sinccrclv hope so too. I don't think my girl ever hud a secret from me, and I may tell you that so far as I am aware there is no one else." She sank back on her chair and smiled at him. He bowed gravelv. He hud hitherto held the reins of the talk. He did not mean that she should take them from him yet. 44 As I have this opportunity," said he. glancing round to indicate that he mean the absence of Edith, 44 and want to say a few more words on business, I think I had better go on." ; 44 1 shall be only too happy to listen," said bUc, folding her hands in front of her and looking at him contentedly out of her gentle, anxious face. 44 One of my reasons, my chief reason for putting the estimate of this business so low is that I do not see how it can be mado to do any better than it is just at present. 1 aui afraid no one would tako it on a long lease." 44 Without you, Mr. Crane, it could not go on at all." 44 Without someone who would do what I am trying to do it could not go on very long. You seo, it is not a lady's business." 44 1 know that, Air. Crane. Before you were good enough to look after it I was robbed." 44 Yes. It was part of my notion, if it would meet your approval, that we should use this house as the dwelling-house for all. I have very good accommodation for the work on the north side, but the accommoda tion for living is not as good as yours here. That arrangement would have the advantage of not takiug you or Aliss Orr away from the place or people you know." 44 1 think that would bo very nice indeed. What we should have under the change is you to look after us here (it is nob pleasant to think of two women looking after a watchmaker's, safe or no safe), and perhaps & little better times for us." 44 1 hope so." " Well, to be sure, there are girls who Would like a little change when they get married, %vould like to go iuto their own house or their own rooms, and would not, as it were, care to stay at homo after they are married. But 1 don't suppose sho would care. Of course, nothing could be more agreeable to me than -what you propose. To live in her own place and be a little better off than one has been is more pleasant to a person past middle life than to shift in among new people. With the young ib may he different. Ii when you come to speak to Edie about it you and sho can arrange it so, I shall bo only too glad." "Thank you. Now I arrive at an im portant matter. I came rather suddenly to the conclusion of speaking to you on this subject. Yesterday morning I got a letter telling me an uncle of mine, who is in some part of Central America, has died. I did not hear any more. I tlo not know how much he inay be M'orlli. A good deal, I alM'ays understood. I believe M'hatever ho had he has left to inc. I did not feel, until I got this ncM's, that I was in a position which would warrant me in speaking to you about Miss Orr. 1 never met my uncle, though we corresponded now and then. Ilo . had left the country before I was born. He never married. I think I ain the only rela tion he had living, except a first cousin, who is well provided for, having married a man with private means. Anyway, I fancy I may count on tho bulk, if not all, of iny uncle's fortune. " "Ilush," said Airs. Orr, raising up her finger in warning. 44 1 hear the voice of my daughter, and, 1 think, our new lodger, Mr. Fancourt." As sho spoke, the handle of tho door was turned, and Edith Orr walked in, followed foy Frank J eaters. CHAPTER X.— Tim Oven Thai-. Tho evening before when J caters left the St. Vincent Hotel he did not turn his steps eastward as on tho previous afternoon. The circumstantial lie he had first told his wife, a lie carefully invented and elaborated with malice, had suggested to him a -way of getting rid of this evening. He could not stay at the hotel. That was perfectly clear. There was no chance whatever of anyone calling there on business to see tho place. Of any .such visitor he should have ample notice from Hilliers, the .secretary, who was his friend and had got him the present em ployment, if elerk-in-chargo could be called employment. Hilliers had run across Jeaters in Brighton fi ve or six years since, before Jcaters's mar riage, before dealers had over seen Pollie Stabbing. The secretary of the St. Vincent Hotel Company had been greatly taken with tho fine appearance, excellent maimer, and general cleverness of the young man. Although Jeaters had nob been to a univer sity or public school he had enjoyed an ex cellent education. He was acquainted with tho flippancies of Latin, and could roll out a j dozen or 20 Creek linos. He M'as perfectly i intelligent nbout mathematics and fairly con- 1 vcrsant with the popular sides of half a dozen | popular sciences. lie spoke French m'ith i great fluency and assurance. Englishmen who knew less than ho of tho language but who bad detected him in a slip or two, said his French was vile. But Frenchmen said it Mas always intelligible if not very elegant. Ho sang very well in a surprisingly strong and rather startling baritone. He played chess, billiards, and whist much better than the average player, lie told a story capi tally, and was always ready to oblige. 44 dealers," said Hilliers to a friend, 44 could doanything ho put his mind to. Ho would make a magnificent company promotor, still, although he knows a good deal about every thing else, he is n complete fool at figures, but for tho patter of swindlo I never met anyone who could do better, who could do so well. There is another thing, too, against him as a company promoter. I don't believe lie has any natural taste for swindling. He lias a couple or three hundreds a year, and no expensive tastes. Ho doesn't drink or gamble, or spend more money than he can afford on grub or clothes. In fact, ho lives within his income. You can't do anything really great in the city with a man who hasn't somo M'hirlpool for flinging his money into. When a man lives M'itlun his income lie may pick up a trifle iu the city, but there is no career for him there. It's a great pity about Jeaters, for lie has no mortal sense. 44 Is he married ? " asked Hilliers' friend in the dialogue. 44 Jeaters married? Not he! He is al M'ays half falling in love with some woman or other, and then when she has fallen in love with him he changes his mind and sheers off. I think if the fellow were to fall doM-nright in love with a woman, go a regular busier, it might do him good." Hilliers never forgot the young man. He not only did not forget him, nut in an irregu lar way lie kept him in sight. For a good M'hile Jeaters seemed disinclined to take an interest in any occupation Hilliers tenta tively suggested for hiin. But a couple of years after his marriage he told tho secretary one evening they were dining together he M'ould be glad to get something to do, pro vided it gave no trouble; that he was nob very anxious about tho salary so long as M'hab lie got to do now or soon might be the opening to some such career as Hllicrs had more than once indicated to him. 44 If I could in the end reach a secretary ship or a managership of something which would not require technical knou'ledgc and would bring me among men who might see fit to employ mo further, I should be glad," lie said to Hilliers. lie lmd nob thought seriously of the hints Hilliers had given him until lie M'as beginning to tire very much of his matrimonial' bonds and to wish for some thing that would afford an excuse for keep ing away from home. Jeaters had not found it necessary to tell Hilliers of his marriage, lie did not thiuk it Mould he any advantage to him if Hilliers knew a man of tho M'orld like him had married a girl out of a draper's shop in Hackney. When Hilliers offered him the caretaker- ship of the St. Vincent he called the office clerk-in- charge to raise it in dignity. He explained that ho only suggested Jeaters taking it as an introduction to the St. Vin cent Company. After looking at the place, and going over it, Jeaters thought life would be more endurable here with an invalid wife than in a cramped, stuffy, Huxtou lodging. So he closed witli Hilliers before he knew anything of his wife's morbid objection to the river, before he ever saw Edith Orr. On the same day lie iirst saw Edith Orr his wife told him in their lodging in Hoxton that if she went to live by the river she should die. On the same day that ho had fallen tuniultuously in love for the first time in his life, and his u ifc (who now bored him to death, M'ho M'as an invalid Mrith a poor chance of ever regaining her health) told him that in the new homo which lie had com mitted himself to occupy she would die, die beyond all chance of doubt. The coincidence mado a profound impres sion on him. In the coming together on the one day of these two vital incidents of his life he sum' not the hand of accident, but a decree of invincible, irresistible fate. When Frank Jeaters found himself In tho rnnin road of Verdon that evening he turned to his right, and nob in the direction of Muscovy Place. lie thought town M'ould suit his present mood better than Verdon, and he Lad made up his mind not to go near the Orrs. There would be time enough for that, and at present, after that scene with the M'Oinan, his M'ifc, the half lunatic lie had left in the hotel, ib Mould be well to act with prudence. If lie went to town now he could come back at any hour he liked, for he had the keys in his pocket. He could let himself in by either back or front. It M'ould not be a bad May of passing the time if he M'ent into toM'n now, tried if Hilliers Mas at the club, spent a few hours with liim, and came back by water, as he had fabled lie came in the story invented just now. By the way, let liim think. Suppose he returned by M-ater very late and landed at the hotel uock, ib would be most unpleasant to havo to poke about at such an hour, trying to find a keyhole in the door of the staircase. He would slip back and open that door at the foot of tho staircase from tho hall to the dock, and leave ib on the latch. To do this lie need not go to the bother of opening the backyard door again. He could go down to tho end of St. Vincent- ifiace. open the little u'ickcb iu the railing, descend the steps to tho dock platform, and open the staircase door without anyone seeing him — v.'ithout being seen by any one, or running the least risk of bringing the water-rato people, or M'hocver ib M'as, Jom'ii on them for halt-rates because there M'as a caretaker. It M'ould, because of these M'rctclied water- rato people, or whoever it was, bo as well to get to the bottom of St. Vincent-place 'with out M'alking down St. Vincent-place, and this could be done by going on in the direc tion lie M'as now taking a little further, turn ing down at tho other side of Aluseum Green, and doubling back along River-terrace. He would do that, and then as soon as ho had opened the staircase door he M'ould come back the same way as lie had gone, run into town, find Hilliers if ho could, and forget all this bother at Verdon in a pleasant evening with a man M'ho could appreciate him. Jeaters did nob quicken his paco. He walked deliberately until ho found himself on the River Terrace. There he paused and looked around. In the fine nights of summer many people of Verdon came to the River Terrace for the view of the river and the breath of open space afforded by Museum Green. This green Mas railed in and cloaedi against tho public at sundoM'ii, but tho airiness of the terrace M'as greatly increased by tho broad, flat, grass plots of tho green forming a continua tion of the broad, open space of the river. At tliis time of tho year the river, when the tide M'as full, could be endured by those m'ho were accustomed to it in summer. Bub it M-as October and chilly, and it looked as if it might rain soou, so that this evening there wcro only tM'o or three people lounging about. Jeaters sauntered up slowly with his pipe in his mouth, as if lie u'cro merely trying to kill a dull hour. He did not wish to attract attention. He did not caro to smoke just then, but no man on tho terrace at that hour M'ould pass unnoticed unless ho had a pipe or cigar in his mouth. When ho reached the end he paused and leaned over the parapet. He M'aitcd quarter of an hour until the few strollers had gone away or were out of sight beyond the lamps. Then turning quickly to the railings, winch formed the cul de sac of St. Vincent-place, with his key lie opened the gate in tho railing, passed through, closed and locked the gates after hiin, and hurried down the steps to tho platform running round the little dock. With stealthy tread, as though he feared to wake conscience, he M'ent past tho end of the luggage shoot, hastened round the end of the little dock, gained the door leading to the stairs, opened it with his key, and ascended through the darkness to the great hall above. . . Why? The going upstairs had no place in the programme he had arranged with him self, when he decided that he might come back by water, and that it would be well to leave the door at tho foot of these stairs open. When ho had opened tho door at the bottom of tho staircase he had done what he told himself ho had come here to do. What more M'as there to bo done ? With stealthy cat-like, sly, shrinking foot- Bteps, lie crossed the great hall to whore tho brazen handle of tho trap door projected from the M'all. Ho caught the handle as though one touch of undue pressure M'ould explode a powder mine and bring the M'holo great building down in crashing thunder about his ears. Inch by inch the murderous trap-door rose in the floor, leaving gaping the mouth of the slide M'hich led M'ilh irresistible swiftness to tlie suffocating river beneath. When tho trap-door stood up against tho wall, amllheyly. secret hole hidden by cunning art and u-orked by sly invisible machinery yawned and drou' the heavy air of the hall down like the vortex of a M'hirlpool, he east one glance at the bedroom of his wife, and disregarding the caution he had shown on enteriug, dashed ucross the Fall, opened the door at the head of the staircase, closed it behind him and ran down the stairs. When he reached tho foot of the stairs he closed that door after liim and locked it. He had come expressly to open that door and he locked it before going away. Ho had uot owned to himself in coming here that lie had any thought of the other door at all — the door which led to the fatal death-trap — the door through which ho had told his terrified somnambulistic wife that he had dragged tho body of a dead woman tho night before. Yet ho had raised that tran and left it up. Why ? He did nob put this question to himself. He did nob put any question. He tried to cover up what he had done in physical haste by hurrying as if tho building had already begun to rattle down about his ears. As ho ran away from M'hab he had done ho tried to pcrsuado himself he lmd not done anything. Ile tried to persuade himself tho action of those fcMr minutes in the great liall Mas a dream, a figment of excited fancy. When he gained tho main road once more lie said : 44 Pooh! I did nothing at all. I M'as only telling myself a story about it, and I told the storv so often that 1 catne to believe ib really happened in the end." He turned into a publichouso. 44 Brandy," said he. 41 Good gracious," said tho man, 44 Have you seen a ghost?" 44 Not yet," said he, and dashed out of the place leaving the brandy untasted. A pain shot through his forehead. He put up his hand expecting to feel a wound. Ho looked at his hand when he took in down — 44 No blood ! " he whispered. 44 But I felt something burn my forehead. It is the brand of Cain !" Go to Hilliers now? Not he. He M'as not fit company at this moment for anyone out of Colney Hatch — or Broadmoor, was it? Which M'as tne criminal asylum ? Here M'as the Verdon Hall of Varieties. Lot him go in there for an hour. . . . Curse the place ! It M'as worse than the streets, for in here doors were always opening suddenly and one did not know what awful thing might be shot in whirl ing and tumbling and dauciug over until the odious bundle bounded to his feet, and there burst over in the sight of everyone with Pollie's dead face covered with blood and foam, nnd Pollie's dead lips muttering in thick words, words that wore dead, too, with Pollie. 44 You loved and kissed mo once, love and kiss me still, or I will tell, and the people will tear you where you stand. Kiss and love me now. I M'as God's handiwork and your wife. I am your wife still and your handiwork now. Kiss and love me still." Curse this place ! It M'as ton thousand times worse than the street. He hurried away. He must stop these horrid thoughts in somo M'ay. He M'ent into another publichouse. 44 Brandy." 44 No." 44 Why not ?" 44 You have had enough. You cannot stand steady." 44 1 have had none to-day. Nothing to drink to-dav." 44 \Ve can't serve you. You have had too much." He entered a chemist's. Ho was frantic with neuralgia. He must have a sleeping draught or die. Where did he live ? Had he far to go to bed ? He M'as nob going to take a sleeping draught in the street ? No. There was an hotel opposite. That's where he lived. That's where he M'as stay ing. For the love of heaven give him two strong sleeping draughts or he would throw himself into the Thames. Into the Thames ? He'd have a good step to go to throw himself into the Thames. It was three miles aM'ay as a crow flics. No doubt tho pain had driven him distracted. Here were the draughts— ono M'as to be taken on getting into bed, and the other if he woke in the middle of the night in great, agony. But ou no account should the second ibc taken within less than three hours of the filrst. Jeaters darted across the street, engaged and paid for a room, walked straight into it, swallowed the tM'o draughts one after the other, and flung himself, dressed as ho was, on the bed. It M'as past noon when he woke. lie bathed his face, tidied himself as well as lie. could without toilet appliances. He made his M'ay back by train to Furham without- going to Verdon at all. He would seek liis now lodgings and wait. At the top of Muscovy Place he met Edith Orr on her M'ay home, and he and she entered the shop just as John Crane had finished his business statement to Edith's mother. (To be continued.) 