STORY OP THE GOLD ROBBERY. I Tbe tie\bnurne Evening Standard gives a story regarding the murderer Williams whlcb it states has bpen related to a re presentative by » detective engaged in tbe caee. Tbe incident goes back fifteen years, and the scenes are all laid in South Africa, at a time when the diamond fever was raging, and tbe Russo- Turfeiah War was Bearing its close. In Cape Colony in 1877 three boxes containing 5000 sove reigns were one day mysteriously ab stracted from a mail cart travelling be tween Kingwiliiamstown and Grahams town. Tbe gold belonged to the Stan dard Bank, and was taken over to tbe hotel in Kingwiliiamstown, whence the uiail cart started, and here placed in tbe vehicle by Mr. Pointing, manager of the hostelry, in tbe presence of the bank officials. One of them mounted tbe box with tbe driver, and all went well until a certain half- way turnpike was reached, wben tbe bills of lading bad to be scruti nised and tbe contents of tbe vehicle ex amined. Tben it wbb found tbat tbe gold was not on board. It had disappeared in some unaccountable manner, but how or where ft bad gone to remained a mystery for some time niter. It was noticed that at about tbis time a seafaring engineer named 'Bully' Williams was knocking about Kingwiliiamstown, and in such a way as to excite suspicion in tbe minds of tbe police, for he had no ostensible means of support, though be represented him self as being connected witb a big en gineering firm in England. He lived at tbe botel where Pointing was manager, tbe owner of tbe place being at tbe time in tbe old country, having left Pointing to look after bis interests during bis absence. Pointing Bnd Williams were fast friendB, and toe fact tbat Pointing evidently knew something of bow the money had disappeared brought suspicion on both men alike. There was no direct evidence upon which either could l-e arrested, and so it was decided to keep tbem both under close surveillance. Williams began to find tbis sort ol thing rather disagreeable, and determined to put some distance between himself and the Cape Colony police authorities as soon as possible. But bis time for departure bad not yet arrived. He resolved to put up witb tbe risk a little longer, ratber than leave the country, aod perhaps lose tbe chance afsbaring in the spoil. Tbe police at last determined to act boldly against Pointing, fearing tbat he would sooner or later give them tbe slip. So tbey pounced upon bfm suddenly one day and accused bim of the robbery ; and he, taken aback witb tbe suddenness of tbe charge, tacitly admitted be was a party to the deed. The bank, more anxious for the money than for tbe vindication of the law, gave tbe thief to understand that if he would only lead tbem to tbe place where tbe coin was ' planted' tbey would not prosecute him. He reluctantly consented. Tbe money, he told tbem was planted in a Bandbiil near tbe town. There were several such bills, but be could not tell tbem exactly which one. Two police men, a bank official, and Pointing set out for tbe concealed treasure. Pointing led tbem up one bill and down another till darkness came on, and tbey were all tired, and the 5000 sovereigns were as far away as ever. For several days after tbe search was renewed, but witb no better result. Pointing bad cbaDged his mind. Williams bad found an opportunity of persuading bim tbat it would be much better to risk a term of imprisonment, and have the money wben he came out, than give up tbe money, and perbapB have to go to gaol after all. Tbe hotel manager was at last placed on bis trial. Tbe evidence brought against bim was conclusive.- Tbe jury found bfm guilty, and be left tbe court to eerve a sentence of three years' imprisonment. The position grew altogether too uncom fortable for Williams now. The eyes of tbe police were on bim every where. It was known that he bad played an important part in tbe robbery, and he knew be was suspected. While P lining was on bis trial Williams assured bim be would see that be was properly supnlied with luxuries during bis inoaroeratiou, that he would wait till be came out again, and tbat then tbey could lift tbe ' plant,' leave tbe country, and sail for Australia witb the £5000. At any rate Pointing asserted on his liberation tbat suoh an understanding did exist between tbem, and how Wil liams on bis part fulfilled it remains to be Been. One morning after tbe botel manager bad begun to eerve bis sentence a mysterious disappearance was reported. Williams bad not been seen for some days, and no one could say where be had gone, or bow be had taken bis departure. He bad disappeared like a ghost In tbe night, and notraoeof him could be found. Nothing more was beard of bim till about nine months later, when a queer looking little man, evidently disguised, got off the coaob at Kingwiliiamstown. No one knew who tbe visitor was, and so as many people were going and coming to tbe diamond fields be did not exclti more than ordluary notice. Tbe little man was none other than ' Bully' Wil liams, who had returned for tbe ' swag' wben the coast was clear. He found It where ft was planted in tbe sand, and, laden with sovereigns, he made bis way baok bb quickly as possible to the coast. On arrival at the port of EaBt London it WflB noticed be was very fiuBh of oasb. He gave a great spree at one of tbe botelB, got all bis old acquaint ances round bim, and after a really merry time of it be sailed for Londou. Tbe gentleman who has supplied ua wILb this Information was at tbe time a promi* nent resident of East London, and bis bona fides are undoubted. He knew | Williams well aud all about bim, and Iibb no doubt, that tbe man who com mitted the Wlndtiyr murder and tbe ac complice of PolutinR In tbe South African (fold robbery are one and the came peraon. Williams wbb for some yearn an engineer on one of the Union Company's (Jape mall boatR. When at East London he bad to leave the vessel, it was sup posed through a row with the men, who could not stand his arrogant disposition. He was known among seafaring men as ' Bully' Wllliamc, beoauBB of fbn con stant swagger be nRsumed, and his notori ously aggressive mnnner. Wben Pointing got nut of gaol be went hack to King wiliiamstown, tn eet the money he and Williams bad pUnted, but found to bis Borrow tbat Williams, wbo bad promised lo wait for bim, bad been there before bim. It transpired subsequently tbat Pointing, iustead of putting tbe boxes of Hold Into the mail cart, put In dummy boxes Instead, the bank officials who were standing by beiug deceived by the counterfeit parcels. Williams'* favourite topioof conversation on board tbe Kaieer Wflbelm was ' My travels In tinutb Africa,' where be alleged he had made a fortune aDd 'Spent It like a man, sir,' 