Will' LASCAli ft AIL Oil S A11E EMPLOYE]). Cassku.'s Kai'I/uijav Joi;h\al. ]low is it that Lascars and coolies are preferred to Englishmen ? Let us see. Take merits lirst. To begin v with, the Asiatics are cheaper than our seaman ; but as they are weak, and about forty-live of them aro re quired to do the work of thirty British sailors, they cannot be taken into account. Nor is it fair to say that thev keep costs less than that of Englishmen. Lascars certainly live 011 rice, curry, vegetables &c.; : but each caste insists 011 having his own ciok, and will not touch food bought or prepared be anybody else. The men, too, must be allowed to observe their religious festivals ; and whereas ail ordinary crew can be paid oil' on arrival in port Lascars must liccessaiily be kept on. This being so, the cost of English and native sailors is about the same. The principal recom / lnendations of the Lascaas, Asiatics, Vand Afghans seem to be their ability to work in hot climates, their good tOTip3r, cleanliness, and simple manners — it is said they whimper like children when reproved — willingness, sobriety, and frugality. One tiling more : thev look sintrularlv pictures que in fine weather, and so gratify the aesthetic sense of passengers. On the other hand, Asiatics are born thieves, and the ' childishness' so often claimed for them is very like that of the heathen Chinee. An acquaintance of tho writer, who has had consideracle experience of such 111 'ii, declares that if you want to be 0.1 the safe side, you must keep every - t ling out of their reach. The fact of their being jugglers is to him not without signilicancc. But here is an actual example of what they can do. Two Lascars were in the habit of selling stolen articles to a man who asked no questions. One day they came to him with four bottles of 'chutney,' which he bought for about one- fifth the sum at which that condiment is usually retailed, and then tlicy departed in great glee. On sampling his purchase a few days later, the amateur ' fence' made the tardy discovery that the bottles con tained a certain kind of patent * manure I Then the Mahommedaus arc almost helpless in cold weather. They look pitiful enough 011 shore sometimes, with their teeth chattering and their ll'esh of the kind called goose ; ' but at sea, during the winter months, when spray is dashing over the deck, they are the most miserable objects imagin able. Some strange stories are told of the behavior of Lascars under these conditions. It is said that on one a occasion fortv-three Asiatics were on a topsail yard from half-past three in the morning until nine, vainly at tempting to furl the Rail. Then they were piped down, and some English officers went aloft, and did the work, and reached the deck again all in less than twenty minutes. Another, aud a graver, defect in tho Lascar is that in times of danger his fatalism makes him worse than helpless. When he thinks that his death is at hand he will do nothing — he will not move or stir — to try to avert it. In shipping circles very many cases in point are known. For example, a ship was once in grave peril ; and yet the Las cars, believing it and them to be ir retrievably doomed, refused to come out of the forecastle, until the first oflicer went below and kicked one or two of them, threatening, at tho same time, to cram some bacon down their throats unless they turned out. In this or some analogous way the anti pathy of Mahommedans to pork has several times been turned to good account. On consideration of both sides of the question, then, where has the Lascar an advantage over the English seaman? It is not easy to discover it so far. One point, however, remains. It is this, that the natives of this country require rest, while those of the east Indies do not, or at least- are supposed not to. Shipowners think that tlicy can, and will, potter about for forty eight and even sixty-four hours at a stretch. Theoretically, they do work 011 occasions — such, for example, and when cargo is being taken in and out the ship — for so lolig a spell ; actually, they do not when there is the ghost of a chance they take turns in having a nap. So that this is only a very trilling matter. Still, in fact is that Lascars are content to waive hours of leisure, while Englishmen will not do so. Lascars and coolies often serve a sort of apprenticeship to the 'calling of the sea' before they are engaged on British vessels, and belong to a higher class than do ordinary sailors of this country. They are of various castes. In the case of Lascar-manned ships, the coal heavers invariably belong to one, the stokers to another, and the sailors to a third. Sometimes men of two castes are engaged for a particular tasks, though this is always avoided if possible. Different clssses will 'work together, but not as well as if all belonged to one. Tlicy will also eat together ; though, as before said, the food must be cooked separately. The Lascars are invariably married men, and have dependent upon them both ancestors and descendants. As most people are aware, Lascars as a class know little or 110 English. Merchant officers are in the same position as regards their language. But there is not much difficulty, never theless, in giving order and seeing that they are carried out. There is a native boatswain — it is just tho same on coolie-manned vessels — called the ' serang,' who understands enough of English for practical purposes. When anything is required to be done, the officer gives the necessary order to the quartermaster ; he passes it 011 to the ' serang,' who in turn tells the other Lascars. Then these individuals pull themselves together, and, after jabbering at each other, get hold of a rope as if they had a week before them to do the job. Presently, unless things go very well indeed, there is a little swearing, from the olficer downward, as before. Then more swearing, and so forth and so forth. And thus thirty Lascars can do in about half an hour what fifteen Englishmen could 'eat,' as tho saying goes, in ten minutes. 