' UNDER SENTENCE NORFOLK ISLAND. ; '7 V AUTHENTICItECOItDJ. ; I/;:. flLij'nianTy nKSHnvaD, . .No. 12. , ; ; tub head confctaiuib. . j (V/ AUhoagli..OonvIct Tbosdoro Dixon .had hover aotively shown signs of madness, tbore. . . Is noDoabk thai tbo mysterious mental dis- \- ' onsowhioh briflis &U; sciontlsts, must havo Wn:lnUnl In him! for on tllfl dBV OfBrudlv'S ; martlerhohad to bs peonied inattraigbt wiistcost through bis violence. Tho qacer ; manner which had oarocd for bled - bla oioV ' ' natno was bat tho outward sign wbioh told o( ths defiaienoy within. Liko Vesuvius and its thlnoolumnof smoke, men knew that ' nonmbingout of tho .ordinary was present, but no one could toll when the quiescent Yoloaao wooli boret forth, oarrylng destruc tion Co Its train, ' ' The head oonstable was ospoolally pleased at Ibo torn affairs bad taken, Bradly was \- . becoming inoonvenlent to blm. He knew, more about Boaolon than ho wished him to. ' How ho was oat 0! tho way, and Dixon would soon follow him, for there was not tbo least doubt about his being hanged. Even it he was insane tbo oasieBt and cheapest method according to Norfolk Island low was to exe-. ' onto trim as soon as poselblo. Madmen had ' been beoged before, and no foes mado about <11, and Dixon would certainly cod his life on the gallows. The Head OonBtablo had a falling which Was common to a good many ofllriuU on tho island.' He sometimes indulged rather too frosly in tho flowing bowl," "When tho wine is in tho wit is out" was a proverb peculiarly nppliooblo to him. Ho raid and did many things wbon under tbo inQuoneeof Baoohus wbioh ho wasoorry for afterwards— when it was too late. Two nigh ta altor the murder of Bradly ho was in tho quarters sot apart for himself, tho ohiel turnkey, and tho head ovonecr. A mall but convivial party were assombled. In addition to Sainton and tho head over- . seerohief oonstablo Baldook, ovoreccr Wbiffen . and oonstablo Wilcox from tho bead prison wero present; having oomo ovor for tbo even ing on a viM They were all heavy drinkers —when they could got it,— 'bat theviloram which they woro consuming scemod to take a greater effeot on tbeOascadobead oonstablo than on the others. Bsforo nine o'olock his longQe had got tbo bettor of him. Tbo biblU ail injunction to keep a watch over one's mouth was entirely forgotten, andSoanlon wu relating some of his exploits with a guild and minuteness of dotall which only a half intoxloated man indulges In. Ilia com panions wero slightly surprised at soara of tbs narratives. To cay they were vary muob surprised would be untrne, for tbey woro well versed in the tricks aod subterfuges wbioh wore practised on the prisoners, and by whloh tboy wero so often uojuetly punish ed. Bach of them bad been guilty more tbnn 0009 of tho aamo kind of acts of which Scan- Ion made ntmicUtho hero, -but they had never been foolish enough to tell the publio '«o. ' Ohlof Oonstablo Bildock only laughed at tbeindeeorotloo of bis subordinate, and gave . him afow hints to obango tbo subject, but , that only mado the constable ebattortho faster. Tho ohlcf overseer at tho Gaeoado Gaol treotod his comrado's talk seso many good etorioi, but to overseer Wbiffan and oonstablo Wiloox tho oonvereation bad a fasolnatlng and peouliar intcreet. Tbceo two wortbios had for soma timo cast longing . oyes on Soonlon's billet, and though tbey drank with him thoy would not etay at any \- trifle that might assist towards his re- \- moval. , The last Incident that tho Casoadabead /.constable desoribed clearly was tho manner in which ha bad conveyed tbo throe ouncee ..of eugar to tho pookot of Bendriok'e jacket, and for wbioh the oonviob received one bun- dred lashes. Erorytbing ho said was bare- . fully noted by tho two . interested men for foturo ueo. . it was oloso on midaigbt when they lsft for tho head prison, bat at nine o'olock next morning Wilcox was in tho oommandant's office givlog him a "full, . . true, and particular aooohnt" of what Bean- Ion had said tho previous night, The commandant had a strong dlsllko to tho head oonstable. Hie system of having favourites to oarry him tales was distasteful to tho ohlof officer. Ho didn't object to having -v eaah tools bimeolf, but hia subordinates bad ""VMnjht to tronah apon his domain in that \- rospoc.anil ho listened willingly .to the charges whluksiero-miidfl-Anal'Ml S-rsafaa; When ovcracor Wbiffon returned with tho : gangs in the ovoning he also repeated tho \- . charges wbioh had boon mado in .tho mora- . ing, mentioning Baldook also as one who \- was present when the statements were made. That. official was called, and rrluotantly ad mitted that tho head oonstablo had mado . > indiscreet admissions, bat tried to oxtenuate . tbom byoayiag that tho man was ovidently joking. -Whoa be saw how tbo oommandant . ' was inclined ho speedily changed bis apolo- .Ratio mood, and strenuously deolaredthet \- Boanlon was anflt for tho position that ho . held. ... »: .1 , Tbo result was that next day thooommaud- fjfat went over to Oasaado prison, aooom- /panlod by Baldook, Wilcox and Wbiffan, and </ an enqalry was hold into Soanlon'a state- \- . meats.. In addition to - these witnesses the . looal head overseer admittod having heard j the statements made, andoutsldo evidenoe was soon obtainable to - provo that Soanlon bad only told the troth about himself. His former favonritoa saw that he was likely to <fall, aod liko suoh oravons they wero tho > first to help him on his downward roadln v . the hope of winning tbo favor of hlssoo-1 f -oeoaor,. .Tho oommandant held tho obargos r , . to bo clearly proved, and at onao suspended Soanlon, iatlmatiag that bo would rooom- : mend his dismissal to the authorities at . HobartTown. . Wiloox was installed in his . plaoo, much to tho disgaet of Wbiffon, . v; ;Tbo lata bead constable was furious when hofoundhow ho had boen dapodandbe- ' Irayed by hisBUppoaod friends, , and by his . own foolish tonguo. Tho roferenoato Hobart' Town meant that ho woold bavo to .remain on tho Island for . several months notil the . deoleion anlvod, jbal of aoareaho would be \- fopoju in quarters and rations . as long as it jOae necessary to : stay. Dariog that time \- maoy tblngs might happon. He was an im- . ppUlve man, and when bo fairly decided on a project he carried It through with tho greatest tenacity. For two weeks bore-/ \- . malnod at his quarters ..brooding over bis' , .fancied wrongs, end then the trial of oonviot ,, Thoodoro Dixon, for the murder of Bradly ' came on. . r . 7 . Soanlon had witnessed tho occurrence, and -.v. when he was placed in tho witness box be . ; . swore that Bradly was tho aggressor, that bo first straok Dixon, and that in aolt dofenco i? tho lattor solsod Mm by tho throat. This evidonca was totally anexpcctod, and tbo only : one who oonld controvert it wab conviot Mer- . . . cer. This man etill had a regard for his formor bonofaotor, and as perjury was of ... little ooneeqaonoo in -his. estimation, ho . generally bora oat tho evidonca of Saanlon. . ..Without doubt Dixon would have been ao« , quitted of tbo ohargo of murder through this , qvidoucs, had it not boon for tbo statement y. of the prisoner himself. Ho told tho jury y tbatbolb Soanlon and Moroar had been mis. f . takon in the acoounl tboy novo otlbo affair ;,i , That Br.aiy bud not otruclc him, nor had ho' Ty bsoa- the aggressor. (,« . Aeoording to English law tbo statement ,v of a prisoner in tho position that Dixon was . ;is not edariseiblo, and little aotioe would be , taken of it by tho judgo or jary, especially if «: -paseivo— if not aotivo— madnose was prosent, ondon tho.prisooox's own vords, bcaauBo no . pnoflloo oonld aav who was tho avgressor, . ho wasoondomned to dcatb. Norfolk Ieland ; law.; was peculiar to its own eoll A week . after sentcnoe, Convict Theodore Dixon, per , ship Tasman, ships number 1G8, prison num- bor. 1073, was swung off, and a vooanoy left . -.at Oasaado. . , II was thrao months after this ovont that dispatches arrived from Hobart Town, cover- . . ing, among. I other pnpou, tbo dhmlis.1 of Head Oonstablo . Thomas Soanlon,' . with an v intimation that he oould havo a froo passaga .i/. teilho vetisl baokto Van Dlomon'o Land. ' //; o|:- mQDthg |bo conduct of tbo lotokead ccnciabls bad been Very q jerr:'&? wandered nliout rh on fiithleAS taatiutr dur ring tho nnj, and /n'qiicnriy dariog. tho i.Igbt i.ldf?,' ondbo was but tlio ghost of lsi3- former self. ' Most people put this change down -.to. over indulgeuco in ruin, bot tboeo who were, most intimaloly oesociated. .with him know that In fac'. Bcanlon drank very Kttio since his euspansion . Two years - previously ho bad received a sunstroke whilst out in tho fieldr, nnd it was.' moro .pribablo that this injury was rcaeetrting iteelf. On tho 7(h o! July, 1817, head constable Wiloox, aooompanicd by a field conviot named Holdo, had oocaribn to Inopcot a flax field on tho onter edge of the onltivalsd distrlot fao- ing southwards, ' Tho locality in question wasvory billy, and In tho intervening deep gullies the plant was grown. Tho earronnd- ing district was tho . wildest In the Island, although it was not inoro than a mile from Oaeeade prison, Tho forest woe a densely tropioal one, -and no attempt had been mado as jet to utiUeo it. Tbieo quarters of a milo from tho gaol . tho last gang of laborors was passed, 'and it was from this party tbat Wil' cox took Heldo to accompany trim. As tbey proceeded tho liiils became steeper and higher, and an air of wild luoliuess hang oyer tbo place. It was hero that the - wild flax had been first found, and it was etill almost in Its virgin -state, It was part olthihead constable's duty to visit the locality once a month and repoit on it, and in pursuance of that order. Wilcox visited it that day. Tho two men hod procooded almost to the extreme limit when tbey wero"1 suddenly startled by a laugh not for from them,' ana turning in tho direotlon from wbioh it came tbey wero astonished and -alarmed at seeing Soaolon a short distanca op tho sldo of a bill on their right. Ho was standing behind the trnnk of a largo fallen treo, and only bis breast and head wero visible. "Where oroyou going tot" bo bailed from his elevated preltioD. " We aro just inspecting tho plants," to- plied Wilcox, who felt very muob alarmod at bis appearanoe, and wished to oomriii&to; him. " Will you not oomo and join as, old fellow." No. J don't oare to join yonwheroyon ore about to go. I dire say I'll get there soon enough myself. I've coma hero to give yon a parting gift botorellcavo the Island. 1'i! take caro this timo that you will not be nblo to tell tho oommandant any tales about me.. I havo boen waitlog for this for two months, and now that I havo got yon I In tend to havemy revenge" As Seanlon spoko It was quite evident to both Wilcox and Helda that be znoant mis chief. His appoaraneo was wild, nnd bis eyes blazed with a deadly hatred. Toe head constable was armed, but Hcido was not, and if Soanlon hadagnnha bad a coniiderabie adv&ptago; over them, as they were standing in a clear portion of the golly, whilst tho ex- oonstablo was well sheltered. If he would desaend from his position tho two men would have a bater ohanco against him. ' Oomo down and don't bear ill will. I am a friend of yonre, Scanlon, and .will do anything I can to help you, Oomo back with ma and bavo dinner," Wilcox said. Voa showed your friendship onoe, didn't you,"onc<rcd Siaulon, and lam going to show you now bow I appreciate it. I bavo camoherc expressly to kill yon, and I may as well do It at once." As ho spoko he pointed a musket over tho log, and proceeded to tako aim attboboad, conatablo, ITeido tasked for abetter, bat Wiloox imtantly roso Iris musket and fired hastily athlsenomy. It would havo been better bad ho followed lloldo's oxamploand made for cover, for tho ohances would bo against Soaolon bitting a running man. As it was his hasty shot missed its intendod mark, bat it gavo tbo ex-ooostablo timo to take acoar&to; aim. Ao iottaot after tho re port of Wiloox'o title rang out it was an swered by another, and tho head constable of Ossoado fell dead with a ballet tbroagh his heart. When be saw his enemy fall tbo dismissed official ran in, tbo direction of tho tbiokot where Hcido was concealed, but tho latter fled with all speed, and areas tor life ensued. Had it not been for tho proximity of the onter gang of laborers the flying con viot would most oortsioly have been over taken, bnt he managed to reach that party bsforo bis pursuer, and tbo latter oeasod to follow him when ho saw tho laborers. ' He ovidently wished to kill lleido In order to dcBtroy auy evidenoo of his guilt regarding Wilcox. The oonvlct mado his way to tho gaol as rapidly as possible, and gave tho alarm' of Wiloox's death. The superintendent At once sent a party of soldiers to tho place under tho guidauoo of Htrido; and ho also sent a rocseeogor to tho hood station to inform tbo commandant of tbfe.QOAwrrsQee, Tho day. -foilflwics tuo murder wos an oxtromely wet and stormy ono, as was also tho sooond sac- ceoding day, and tbo obiet offioial did not despatch any ssarch parlioa to oaptuyo Soan lon until tbo third day after tho tragedy. This broke fins and olear, and no has than four different expeditions wero sent into the forest to hunt up tho ex-hcad oonstablo. Tho oommandant know woll tbat if ho was not m&d; he moot bo In a desperate state, or ho would not have committed tbo deed be had, being a freo man at the time. If not cap tured ho would, doubtless resort to farther acts of violence, aod no cfljrU should bo spared to bring him to jastico. The foar soaroh parries left tbo head Eta- tion in diffsront directions, and tho oom mandant himself accompanied ono of them. This body headed for the centre of the island where tho hills were high sod steep, and the forest dense. Xw of tho others skirted along the sea ehoro, and tho fourth went in a paral lel line-- obont a milo distant— with the oommandent'a party. A most thorough searoh was mado. Every thicket wqb ex amined. Hollow trees and logo , were looked at, and it seemed almost impossible that tbe fagitivo oonld evade his pursuers. Towards noon they had reaohed the eentro of tho is- laud, and on the top of a commanding hill tho oommandant's party hailed to have some refreshment. The ohlof officer had seated himself at tho foot of a large.trce, and when the light meal was over he bado tbo soldiers searoh a dense tbiokot about two hundred yards to the sooth, and then return to him to exploro the gloomy valley in front. The men had not departed five urinates when the commandant was rudely startled «"» a noonday icverlo, ibtb- -wbioh he hau fallen, 'by a honrso voice saying,— "Attempt tho least resistanoo, - and yon are a doad man." , / Ql9 hands instinctively sought hie pistois, hot as uo looked up and saw tbe drawn and haggard faee of 8oanlon peering si him a few yards away with hie musket at tho shoulder aod pointed at his heart,'- ho saw how completely ho was In tho power of tho desperate and hunted ex-constable. "What do you want with me. You might lower your gun." tho offloer at length found voice to say, feeling at the aamo' timo that hei was lost. ' " I want revenge. x There Is nothing else loft for mo bnt that " bidlcd Soanlon. "You camo to hunt mo down, but I have turned the tables, and hunted yon down." "Whydoyouwantrevorgeon me. I am only doing my duty," the commandant an swered firmly. "Vat many roaaona.. I would not be in tho position I am, at tbls moment had it notbeen for you. Air your eoard willbo bora in 0 tow minutes I . will not woeto on, lurthor timo with you," As bo epoko be pulled tbo trigger o! tho muflkot, but it missed fire. Tho heavy rain of tbo previous two days had rondored tbo powder uselofls,. Determined not to be baulked of his vlotim bo sprang forward to club tho oflloer, bnt bo wbb too quiok lor bis assailant. Hia hand waa on hia piatola, and in an instant ha had drawn' ond nnd fired point blank at SoaDlon's brcaotj kitllbg him instantly. While ho was wiping the boads of psrapiration from hie faoe,:- wbioh woro brought there by tho terrible ordeal fao bod just Undergone, tbo soldiers ran up, and ho directed shtfm to convoy tho 'body to the sottlemenl,. . Next weok the Boriei of'reoords willbo .oontinued under ths title of " Oonviet Charles Moonoy." The iiioideots narrated thorcin, whleh are stern troths, will prove of grost ntorosttoths mdo- 