: THE MODERATE DRINKER. I (Cape Argus.) The Liquor Question, which has just fluttered across the House of Assembly, is one of those things which are always with us, and although a wise Administration may succeed in settling matters for the moment, the thing is as difficult to lay as was Banquo ghost. No special phase of the question is before the English public at present, but the so-called Constitutional party is ever being called upon its leanings to that section of the community described, more tersely than politely, by the Lawsonites as "Bung and Company," and one powerful section of the Gladstonian Party, at least, is in favour of local option in a vigorous form. An outspoken article in Blackwood by Dr. Farquharson, M.P., on the subject of " Moderate Drinking," can- not therefore be said to come at a moment which is inopportune. Dr. Farquharson is one of the most pronounced of Gladstonites, but he is also a physician and scientist of high re- pute, whose opinions will be received with respect by most reasonable people. The article itself deserves the careful attention of public men and others interested in this complex social question, but a very few of Dr. Farquhar son's leading points may be mentioned here. It is plain, according to the author of the paper, that many who are to all appearance " moderates," are really the victims of excess in some measure, " because they sometimes feel depressed|aftermeals,orrisointhe morning with a dry tongue, or a headache, or a general sensation of ' seediness.' " Champagne may on occasion prove invaluable to the weak and sinking, but that alluring product of sunny France " sometimes makes the heart beat un- comfortably and irritates the mucous membranes." Beer not seldom makes people heavy and unfit for work, and the young man " knows by the pinching of his toes that he had better leave the room when a bottle of port is produced." Dr. Farquharson believes that to certain constitutions alcohol is a necessity, acting as a sedative and soothing and quieting the patient. With no little naivete he urges that people ought to be allowed to drink in moderation " because they like it which is honest, at least. Finally, the article lays down as a rule almost without exception that " alcohol should only be taken with food." " Shun," he says, " as you would the Evil One all rash nips and casual drinks." The really important objection to our colonial measure passed by Parliament last session is in regard to the Sunday clause, and as Mr. Hofmeyr amendment to that clause, now the law of the land, went exactly upon the lines laid down by Dr. Farquharson in his paper, the latter's straightforward, candid statement of the case is of no small interest to us. ' It is, of course, in attempting to discover the precise boundary line beyond which the drinker who would be called moderate may not pass that we are led into ethical regions where actual progress becomes difficult, if not impossible. The reckoning up of one's acquaintances as three, four, or six- bottle men, as the case fell, was a safe and easy method, but is it is no longer in fashion, and to describe a man as a moderate drinker is to be no more accurate than was our old friend the Yorkshire witness, who puzzled the Court by saying that the stone which the prisoner hurled at the prosecutor was about the same size as a largish piece of chalk. We suppose that a moderate." according to the reason- ing of Mr. Hofmeyr or Dr. Farquharson, would be one who absorbed his imperial gill of honest Ohlsson along with mid- day "tiffin" or nightly supper, whilst the unwary mortal who succumbs to the fatal charms of the "nip," "11 o'clock," or "appetiser" would by the same token probably be classed among immoderate users of alcoholic liquors. There are those who would gladly see not only the destroying " nip but also the mid- day glass dispensed with entirely, and while their fight against an all but universal custom is often a brave one, its ultimate success is more than doubtful. When the world is the- total, and not one stray drinker can be secured as a curiosity, it will be high time to make ready for the millennium. The pity of it is that so many amiable people should refuse to admit the existence of the half-way house. They divide mankind into two great classes total abstainers and in- climates. They occasionally become so intemperate in speech and writing as to o<3 offensive, and some of them imagine that the one day only funerals Parliament is to pass Liquid. Acls>,<\no; of a Government to carry such size. into effect. To them there is no SUCH thing as moderation. One need not go far in order to show the unwisdom of that method of procedure. The ideal abstainer is as noble a speci- men of self-denying manhood as we could wish for in the world. We may not agree with his views, but he is in his way as conscientious, and as worthy to be admired, as the man who knowing that he is hopelessly consumptive or touched with hereditary taint of mad- ness in the blood refuses to marry and thus perpetuate the malady. In such cases it generally happens that the self-denial is exercised for the benefit of others. Take, for instance, the case, a common one in colonial life, of a man who is guardian to a younger brother. The elder may be perfectly moderate in his drinking, but, ignorant perhaps of the special weakness of the youth under his charge, he elects to abstain altogether rather than put a stumbling block in the other's path. Again, there is the case of the man who loves his glass with a kindly but not inordinate affection, but, who, for the sake of working with a clear head it may also be for the sake of those who are dependent upon him-gives it up. In such cases it is abstinence in its rational form that is practised, and as a rule those who profess this virtue are not found among those who regard a glass of beer as a sure passport to perdition. To say that total abstainers as a class are narrow minded and bigoted would be utterly unjust, but there are some who may be reminded that the injunction to be temperate in all things may be said to include language no less than liquor. One cannot help thinking, also, that one of the great wants of the age in connection with this question is a decent drink-one which moderates and abstainers may quaff at the same social entertainment. The man who finds us a drink which is innocuous but which yet " bites" somewhat, will probably do more to assist the cause of Temperance than any number of speeches or leading articles. 