tctiDn. , /WI17 Did He Lots Her? chapter xxxtl (Continued). "Ha ! Miss Carrie, you- here? but i sup pose the news of last- night's escapade brought you over. i hope luy patient knows nothing of the affair, for l am told he was opposed to tlie marriage. i can't" see why, for Philip Vane is an elegant and clever young fellow, nnd the heiress hasn't made such a bad choice. Poor Fontaine's mind was probably no clearer x-n that score than on others, or he would not have opposed her wishes." "i cannot agree with you, doctor. x think the objections of Mr. Fontaine were well founded," she coldly replied. " i did not come over on Sarelta's account, but to remove' Isola to tlic Yale. i am sorry to say that she has been attacked by illness, brought on, it seems, by the scent of the fresh paint upon the house. Mr. Summer- ton gave her such remedies as I10 consi dered necessary, 'and she is much better ; but i shall be glad if you will go up and see her before you leave." " Of course ; such cases are not uncom mon, and Isola has a very sensitive tem perament. But i must -first go in and sea how Fontaine is. It is a melancholy hallu cination he labours under, and i almost despair of dispelling it." " Is it even so v' said Miss Carleton, with a slight shudder. "Ib there no' hope for him ?" " i can see none, for there is a cause for the spectral illusion in this case — a fatal cause,' which medical skill can never re move." ' Their eyes met, and both felt that the other knew what the dire cause was. She presently asked : " Can i not see him ? i do not wish to speak with him ; only to look upon him and form my own judgment as to his condition.' " I can easily manage that for you. Pass through this window, and remain in the library while I am with him in his own apartment. i have had a curtain placed in front of tbe door to conceal the person who watches near him, as it made him ir ritable to have some one always in sight. You can shelter yourself behind it and look on mm wnne ne units witn me. While lie was speaking the doctor opened the blind and threw up the sash of the win- ,dow. Ciesar aroused himself as he heard .them enter, and arose with a deep bow and a look of intense surprise as he recognised Miss Carleton. She motioned to him to re main silent, and passed with the physician towards the heavy folds of damask that swept to the floor. Dr. Sinclair lifted tbem aside and entered the large room, while Miss Carleton, with a quickly beating heart, placed herself in such a position ns to enable her to look into Fon taine's apartment without being herself seen. He was sitting with his face turned to ward her, holding a fragmenUof paper in his hands, which he nervously turned from side to side, rolling it up and smoothing it out alternately, as if unconscious of what he was doing. .The critnsoff1 cushions' of the large cliuir on which he sat threw out his statuesque head, with its clearly cnt features, now nearly as colourless as marble itself. His large black eyes, as they wandered restlessly around the room, had in them the same wild, unsettled expres sion they had worn on that last morning at the Vale ; and the concealed visitor shrank from meeting them again with a Bort of suppressed feeling that shivered through her aching heart. "n When Dr. Sinclair appeared before him, Fontaine's gaze dwelt an instant upon him, and then dropping his paper he stretched out his hand, and said, in his natural voice : " Let me grasp your hand, doctor, to con vince myself that you are real. i am so haunted by phantoms that i cannot distin guish flesh and blood from them unless x touch it." " i, at all events, am a substantial en tity, Fontaino, and i never intend to visit any of my friends in a ghostly shape. Have your filmy friends multiplied ? At first it was only one that visited you." " Yes," he mysteriously replied; " he has brought others with him. He was the dead demon ; but he has called others to aid him in his work of torture. He has brought up Banquo's ghost, with those that came to Richard iii. the niglit before the battle of Bosworth. He has even gone back into tbe days of antiquity and summoned that gob lin grim who stood beside the couch of Brutus and said, ' Meet me at Phillippi 1' ah ! it was death that met him there ; but my familiar gives me no such welcome warning." " Why should you wish to die, Fontaine ? You have much to live for," was the sooth ing reply. " Much, much — yes, i comprehend that ; yet it would be a mercy to me to die. If I could wipe this red stain from my hand, i might clasp one that could drive every- evil from me;but it deepens, it darkens, with every hour, doctor, Oh 1 murder is a fear ful crime ; and he who commits it merits death. i had rather pay that penalty than live the life to which i am doomed." "Then you are tired of being shut up here ? If you wish it, x will permit you to walk out out daily. You need not go be- " , yond your own grounds." . ; Fontaine slowly shook his head. . " No, Sinclair ; i will, not make. & spec tacle of myself to my own people.; Besides, the phantom forbids that; ;he is standing between us now, and he frowns even at the proposal from you. No-r-these rooms shall become my living grave for i will not go beyond them." " We shall see when the spring weather , comes. It is cold now, and it is well for you to. stay in' doors/' : " Once i breasted tbe storm and defied ' the wind ; now i am as a reed shaken by iti faintest breath: Sinclair, who is behind that curtain ? - x feel a presence there that \- wafts sweetness and comfort tome. Who is ' it?". '.'.v.- , ' - He half arose as if to approach the "i Bhaded door, but the physician placed his c-i hand upon his arm, and ;said : . ; : i . " A friend of yours is there, but she did ( not intend to intrude' upon you... "Would it . please you to see her ? You are so calm to- .-'day. tbatl think her visit will not harm ..V . you." ; . r. ' , Fontaine sank back, and in an 6xoited . whisper "said: . . Bring her in! I know— I know who it ' prpibst be/' "" - -?- - Itfr. Sinclair went to the curtain, drew H . aside, and'led forward the woman who had watched and listened with her; heart upon her lips: Fontaine advanced to meet her with his usual stately elegance, but when she offered him licr cold hand, ho rapidly drew her toward him, and pressed her to his breast and said: ' You have come to the lost one, Carrie You miglil have saved. me, if i dared to lay the burden of my sin upon your innocent heart. "But i could not— i could not; and and now i am demon- haunted, while my angel is far from mc. Ah ! there it is now : —gliding between us with its deadly breath: chilling me to the heart/'-.- ( : His arms dropped' down suddenly, and be tottered as if about to fall. Dr. Sinclair hastened to support him to his seat; and after a few moments he became more com posed. Miss Carleton gently asked!:. via there no other one you would like to see, "Mr. Fon taine ? One you have dearly loved would be madehnppy by being admitted into your : presence again." He regarded her vacantly, and seemed to be considering the meaning.-of her words. Presently he pressed his hand to- his head and said: " Yes, yes— i remember. i called her my child ; i loved her as sncli ; but the demon forbids me to do so any longer. He com mands me not to look upon lier, and i dare not disobey him. But you can take my place. Take Isola to your heart,. Carria Carleton, and she will prove as great a blessing to you as Bhe might have been to me, but for this cruel, cruel persecution. i cannot see her again ; her presence is op pressive to me ; and — and — now even yours is becoming so. There stands the phantom his wrathful face is turned upon you. Go away, i entreat, or he may gain the same diabolical power over you that he has over me." He put up his hand deprecatingly, and at a sign from the physician Miss Carleton glided from the apartment, carrying with her the painful fear that Claude Fontaine's mind was wrecked beyond restoration. Miss Carleton wrote a brief note to Mrs. Berkely, describing the condition of affairs at La Fontaine, and requesting her to send orer such articles of clothing as Bhe might require during ber stay. The carriage was sent back with this : and unable to remain within doors with the weight upon her heart that seemed crushing her to tha earth, Carrie Carleton wandered out into the grounds, and sought to exhaust her emotion by rapid exercise. She spent many hours in this bitter struggle with herself, and more than ones the cry came to her lips : " Oh, would that the right was mine to be near him for ever— for aver 1" chapter xxxhi. news fbom geoege. As the dinner hour drew near, Miss Carleton returned to the house nnd went up to Isola's room. She found her sitting up in bed, while she read George Berkely 's letter. There was a glow upon her lately colourless face, and her eyes sparkled with her usual animation. Miss Carleton had recovered outward composure, and with her usual affectionate kindness she said : " i see that you are agreeably employed, so i will leave' you to the enjoyment of George's letter. Dr. Sinclair promised to see you before he left. i suppose he has been up." " Yes — he came With Mr. Summerton ; bnt i was sleeping so soundly that they did not arouse me. The Senora was here just now, and told me that he said i had been extremely ill, but i am now doing well." " He approved of Mr. Sumraetton's treat ment ?" - -""Yes, entirely." This assurance satisfied her friend; and removed the fears she felt in spite of the solicitude of the Italian for Isola's re covery. She lingered long enough to ar range her dress, and then left the girl to road again ths letter which contained so much that was precious to her. During the months that had elapsed since the departure of George Berkely, Isola had learned to look on him as her future companion for life. All his true qualities arose before her in vivid.contraet of Philip, and the warm friendship she had cherished for George assumed the hue at love. si.« felt that she could implicitly trust that honest nature, and give him that entire respect without which affection can have no firm basis. His letter ran thus — " St. Petersburg, " November, 15, 18 — "My -Beloved Isola:— Your' precious- letter has just reached me. It gives me the right to address you thus, for in it i behold the pledge that my Peri will, in time, fold her. wings in the . nest it shall be my ;8weetest care to prepare for her. i ' " My darling, i am happy, for i know that you would not have replied to. my last letter if in your heart a spring of tendef- ness had not opened for me. i will prove myself worthy of it, Isola, and i feel the sweet assurance that i can make yonr hap piness, as you will mine, in the future which looms before me bathed in the rosy hues of love. "But i must not fill my letter with pro testations which you do not need, to assure you of the depth, of my; affection for you. That, you know, is. indestructible as life itself. i have become that important per sonage to the home circle- he has left be hind him— a traveller in foreign lands ; and my communications will have especial in terest from a country so little known to ' outside barbarians,' as Russia ! therefore i must endeavour to maintain the character of an intelligent observer. " i have now been in St. Petersburg several weeks, and we have weather to which our keenest mountain breeze is com parative summer. " Our ambassador has been received by the Emperor, and his subordinates have, with him, attended a court ball. There i had the honour of an introduction to the the grandest looking man i have ever seen. " Nicholas is a magnificent man, and as courteous as he is handsome. He was sur rounded by a brilliant group of officers who had distinguished themselves in his ser vice. "Among them was a stately-looking man, who attracted me from the first mo ment my eyes fell on him. i cannot tell why this was, for he wa6 not more striking in his appearance than many others near liim. He was a middle-aged man, with hair sprinkled with grey, and the expression of one who has suffered wrong, hardship, and disappointment ; all of which had been merged in the philosophic determination to make tlie most of what Heaven spared from the wrecked hopes he . had left scattered upon his life-path. 4j I inquired who he was> and learned that he is an Italian of tha name of Fon- tani, who for many years has been in the employment of the Emperor as an engineer. His services have been rewarded with the title ot Baron and a large estate near Mos cow ; and the decorations he wore bore wit ness to tne triumphs he has gained. But . he soon retired from the gay scene, in which ho only appeared at the command of his master. " It would fill up my letter to describe to you the magnificence ot tbe ecene on. this occasion. ImagineAladdin's palace illumi nated with radiance, and filled with a crowd of, lovely and riclily-dressed women, at tended by cavaliers in brilliant court cos tume. "It was late wben we made our cong£; in my sleigh was Charles Brinsley, my fel low attach, and myself ; the night waB en- Chanting ; the moon was shining with a lustre that rendered every object visible, and we sped over the snoiv-clad earth with the velocity of the wind. At a sudden turning, oar Bleigh came in contact with another approaching from -the opposite di rection. The collision was so violent that one of our horses fell in the traces ; but tbe fiery steeds of tbe other sleigh swerved to one side, dashed forward, evidently unman ageable by the driver, who had been par taking too freely of the strong waters to which his countrymen are much ad dicted. " a gentleman attempted to spring out, but caught his foot in the leopard skin with which the sleigh was lined, and fell in such, a position as'so be in danger of having hie brains dashed out by the horses. I Bprang to his assistance, seized the reins, and suc ceeded in holding them in till Drinsley and the driver could come to my assistance. "The check enabled the prostrate man to recover his footing and extricate himBell from his perilous position. He spoke to the horses, and they stood docile and obe dient to his -voice. Ho thanked us for our efforts to serve him, and insisted that we should accept seats in his vehicle since oars was disabled. He said : I am Baron Fontani; and I am on my way to the palace to lay beforo the Em peror some despatches which have just ar rived ; bnt i pledge myself not to detain you many moments, and i will then set you down at your own hotel.' " Of course we accepted hie offer; and taking the reins in his own hands, the ajuluu uiiue uia uniei reuiaiu ttilu uuca and aid him in every possible manner. " After a brief interview with the Czar, he returned to us, and soon set us down at our own door. On parting from me he gave me his card, and requested me to call on him on the following day. i, of course, availed myself of his invitation to visit him. " At as early an hour as i hoped to find him free to receive friendly calls, i went to his palace. He met me with his kindness ; was pleased to exaggerate the service i had rendered him, and showed as much interest in my affairs as if he had been a friend) of long standing. "The Baron informed : me that in his youth he - had travelled in the United States. Many portions of the country in terested him deoply, especially the moun tain scenery of my native state, with which he seemed familiar. He showed me 1 Jeff erson's Notes on Virginia' in his library; and i discovered that he understands Eng lish, though at first he spoke to me in French. " He showed me several sketches, which he said he had purchased from a wandering artist ; and among them i found a picture of the Yale, and another of La Fontaine. He pointed to the latter, and said : " ' i was induced to take that because the name is so nearly my own.. Do you know of such a place in your native State ?' "i told him all about the place and the connection between its owner and my family. i cannot describe to you the in terest with which he listened. He inquired about Mr. Fontaine — his habits, his peculi arities ; and when I had finished my de scription, lie said : "'From your account of him, one would think this man a king among his peers. How is it that he has never married ?" " i could not explain that, but i referred to constitutional melancholy as the pro- bable cause. He seemed struck with that, and quickly asked : -" Is there no other cause for that sad ness? It seams to me that the owner of this beautiful place, situated in a bracing mountain atmosphere, and surrounded, as you say he is, by kind and steadfast friends, should be able to rid himself of the morbid taint in his blood to which you refer.' (' ' He had mnch to sadden his youth,' i told him ; but the Baron was not satisfied till he drew from me the whole of that sad story about Henry Fontaine. When i had finished, he said ; If your friend was guiltless in that affair, why should he cherish ths feelings you have described ? i am afraid there is a dark stain on the ermine of his robe, spotless as yon would have me believe it.' "Forgive me, Isola, for repeating his words to you, for we know how pure, how noble Mr. Fontaine is — how far above any temptation to crime, and suoh crime as this 1 " i speedily disabused my new friend of this idea ; but he has shown the interest he takes in the snbject by frequently referring to it when we meet, and the mystery of Henry Fontaine's fate seems to possess as strong an attraction for him as it could for the nearest friend of yonr father. " i have not yet told him of yon. i do not know what feeling withheld me ; but i am a jealous miser, who hoards his happi- - ness in his own heart as too sacred to be shared by others ; for in this i am not ex pansive enough to make the idol whose shrine is in my inmost heart visible to those around me. To the working-day world 1 give my energies; to you, the consecrated dreams of love and hope. " i have a miniature of you which i pilfered from Fanny, and in my solitary " hours it is my constant companion. i yearn to return to you, to claim you as my own for ever, but my friends would not ap prove of it just now ; so i must curb my impatience, and prove myself worthy of the happiness that awaits me. " Adieu, my precions love ; let your heart rest on me in perfeot trust, for in life and death i am yours alone. ' Geobge Beree&t.;" Isola folded her letter, and laid it npon her pillow, with a sweet smile upon her lips. She felt that her haven of rest was almost gained; that George would take ber to his noble heart and shield her from > .the storms of life, .. - (To 5e v 