MR. H&ARTOW; IN REPLY. To tce Iditor of tre Qeeasltand Times. IDean SIR,-I think that, as an asbtte rlawyer, trained to sift evidence, fails to ee the drift of a writer,'it is no wonder: that I should find myseliin a similar £L. However, unfortunately, having more. time on my hands than Sir S. W. * (iflith, I will do my best to get at the meaning intended. I em.always willing to learn, although the ~more I learn the Z-ess I appear to know. In the first place, the letter to the rremier, which ir. Calder thinks is ai • 5fitting reply to my retort," has no application to my query 'whatever. It will beclearly seen thatathe term "free labour" is used in its collectiye sense- -that isit is applied to fweelabonrers as a body, -while his letter is emphatically -aingular-the first persaon,-aiagular num ter-and consequently 'does not touch the .-question, What has free labour done forl the unemployedt In my 'letter it isl pointed out what it has done by reducing? the chanoes of labour in the colony, -carrying away money which would have ~%een circulating among the tradespeople here at the present time, sthus contribu mting to thq present depression, and, as a satural .oonsequence, decreasing the onhances of the unemployed ,nbtaining rwork. Herein is seen the ~folly of those cwho, by sqpport and influence, assisted .in bringing about that result. And why? Sismily becauseafrewseeneational iatsa (who verged a good harvest) con 'trived to produce a monster "?Pepper's ghost" who was to subvert the whole .cap;talistic interests, and ming deealation ad misery idte train: Boarig the pearson into fite, Fuightening people out of their wit,. Now, the soeeneeas passed, but not-like thewbaseless fabric of a vision-leaving mota wreck behind. The wreck is.only •tom palpable, acdeone are feeling it worse than those who helped, not intentionally, bntenone the less surely, to bring it about. .- am glad to see that the New South Wales Government and people are adopt tingaenother line of action, to that taken .ere, by whichit iseto be hoped they will steer .clear of the sock which caueed so -noobehhavoc in thiscolony. Secondly, I should like to point out t; r. OCalder that his dletter further faills to touch my query, in that it does not -aow that even he has been able to do anything for the unemployed; it only proves that he has omade an attempt. Bat it also admits that unionists have -lone the.aame, and on the same lines, though, perhaps, not eanactly the same s?beme. ifnionists may say that, had their suggestion been adopted, the pre ant wreck would not have been so dis. astrmes; but that would not help the uo employed, some of whom, i have heard, are literally starving, even in this town, withont a stick of furniture or bedding to lie oL To think that such a state of things is possible in sunny Queensland makes one's blood curdle, and forces the thonght, that there can be little wonder that men sometimes become desperate, if they brood over the inoqualities in the sooial conditions of society, and it cer tainly makes it all the more ditcult to control the outbursts of disaffection which we sometimes encounter. Some people seem to imagine that labour lead er have an easy time ofit; but if they had even attempted to restrain a body of men smarting under a grievance, they would then know that it is not always an enviable position. But to return to the letter, I think that Mr. Calder is a little bit inconsist ont4, for, in his letter to the Premier, he advocates the idea of giving assistance to those already settled on the land, while, in his letter to you three days after, he iholds up the Select Committee to ridicule, for, as he says, intending the same thing, stigmatizing the idea as rough on Queens land. This makes it all the more diffli cult to discover the meaning intended. Ifhe intends that assistance should be ex tended to both those who have already mottled, and also would-be settles on the land, would it not be better to point out the form, the assistance should take in each case, so that the matter may be discnesed upon tangible groundal If he vill do this, I am willing to have another try to understand his meaning. In the seantime, I remain, yours truly, E. HARLOW. July 25. 