The final act in the play of local option at Ballarat East is now over, though the epilogue has yet to be spoken. We have had the petition to the Governor in Council, asking that a vote be taken to determine whether or not the licensed bouses should be re duced to the statutory number, the polling declaring in favor of the full reduction, the report of the inspector on the houses that should be closed, the arguments thereon, and the de cision of the court, and, finally, the claims fur compensation and the awards made by the arbitrators and umpire. There still remains the actual closing of the houses to be accomplished, but as this cannot be done before the amounts awarded to owners and licensees have been paid, it may yet be a long way off, Meanwhile, sufficient is known to enable us to calculate on a fair basis the amount of good done. -The sums awarded kn compensation total about £33,000, and there is yet one hotel to be dealt with, in connection with which legal points have to be argued. If we estimate the expense to the country of having the poll taken, paying arbi trators; umpire, valuators, and counsel for work in connection with court sittings for over two months, at £2OOO, we shall be well within the mark. The sura of £36,000 is, then, paid for the closing of 40 hotels, and the ques tion naturally forces itself on our notice, Is the game worth the candle 1 If for the sum named we could secure a total abolition from the town of the baneful influences of over-indulgence in strong drink, the result- would be very cheap at the price. But that is just what has not been done, and what cannot be done under the local option clauses. In fact, it is very questionable whether our local option friends have not gained a very barren victory at'. great cost to the country. There will be sufficient hotels : in the town even when the vote comes into operation to much more than supply the real wants of the community. ' The old soakers will still find their way Iq some house where they can deaden' memory and sap all the manliness out of their. character. Those who are not .quite so far gone in the vice will ,the smiles of “.friends’’, and others to followup their course lt is about time the" temperance party looked this matter fairly in the face, and that the scheme on which they built so much hope has proved a partial, if not an utter failure. There is no disgrace in such an ac knowledgment. All legislation is ex perimental, and the very best laws have to be amended under altered cir cumstances. Fanatics, whether well intentioned or otherwise, will scarcelv acknowledge their discomfiture, but to the more moderate reformers the sufferers from the drink curse are still crying out for deliver ance. It is for them to consider whether it is better to cling to old “ Shibboleths ” when it is known they spell failure, than; to' cheerfully recog nise defeat and cast about for better weapons in the future. Those temper ance advocates who are given to think ing are recognising that the scheme from which they hoped for so much has not produced the results antici : pated, -. and are examining other methods. One of these that past experience has proved a success is: what , is known as the Nor wegian system. Its broad principles Have been explained in these columns, and the details may be framed so as to suit Briefly stated,lts main features leasing by each, municipality'to a'company of the right to sell liquor within the bounds of the locality; drink shops to be purely such, and without any ' accommo dation for meetings, card playing, and lounging;' no barmaids to be employed; the profits, after paying the company the current or a fixed rate of interest, to be devoted to the maintenance ■of charitable institutions. The munici palities fix the number- of places at which drink may be sold, and have control over the appointment of bar keepers, and free access at all times to the company’s books. It .will be seen from this that the inducements to drink are of the most meagre description, while the inducements;to abstain from serving an intoxicated hr semi-intoxicated man are great in pro portion. None of the attractions that prove so powerful in luring young men to their ruin are apparent. The scheme has been tried, and has proved a success.- Do our teetotallers intend to stick for ever to the worked out theory of local option, or will they adopt something that is likely to accomplish what they aim atl What might be done in ibeautifying our town by the adoption of a modified from the Norwegian system can only be guessed at. The relief of the burden of maintaining our charities would of itself be a great one, and.it would doubtless lessen the taxes for our houses and water. In this way money could be realised, not only for doing necessary works, but also for still further beautifying our lake, gar dens, park, and streets, and making Ballarat all that it should be. A WRITER in the Nineteenth Century makes an interesting comparison between British general elections of to-day and some which occurred in the good old times. Up to 1694 there was no limit to the existence of Parliament except the will of the Crown. But in thal year a Triennial Act was passed, which, in 1716, was superseded by the Septennial Act which still remains in forfie. So with regard to the demise of a sovereign. Up to 1688 the death of a King or Queen dissolved the Par liament. In the time of William 111., it was enacted that Parliament should determine at six months after the death of a sovereign. The Reform Act of 1867 altered all this, and now the demise of a sovereign does not affect the duration of the Parliament then current. We may at least hope that there has been no resort during the late British electiqns to the corrupt tactics which openly prevailed a little more than a century ago. The mayor and corporation of the city of Oxford wrote to the sitting members on the eve of an election, and offered to guarantee their election if they would pay off the corporation debt (£7500). The members would not pay, but informed against the muni cipal officers, who were haled to prison and severely reprimanded. They man aged, however, while their case was on, to make anew arrangement with other speculators who paid the debts, and presumably got recouped in votes. In one election George Selwyn sold his borough for £9OOO, and Lord Ches terfield writes to his son that the rich East and West Indians had made a run on seats, and those which used to fetch £2500 had risen to £4OOO, and a few still higher. Three Lords contested Northampton; they kept open house for electors, of course, and these gentry emptied the collars of two—the third man saved his cellar and lost his election by producing only claret. When the poll was examined there were 1149 votes recorded, although only 930 electors Bad turned up. This seemed to sug gest a little irregularity somewhere, but as no one cared to point out the mischief, the issue was reached by tossing up ! It was said that this elec tion, with its contingent expenses, cost Earl Spencer £70,000, but he might have consoled himself by the con sideration that in contesting the same constituency, Mr Lascelles spent £200,000; On " "the whole, t. hen we remember that the polls were kept open for many weeks, and that all the time was more or less of a drunken carnival, we may consider that in Parliamentary elections, at least, we have improved a good deal on the “ good old times.” In the Legislative Assembly last night, after a number »f questions bad been replied to, tiie bill to ratify the agreement entered into between the Government and Mr Las celles for the construction of a railway line from Beulah to Hopetoun was rend a first time, and the second reading was fixed for today. Petitions against the proposed taxes no beer and sheepskins were presented, as was also one from 2000 discharged rail way employes, a-king for consideration of their case. The debate on the Tillage Settlements Bill was resumed by Mr Tren with, who urged - that the poor pay and bad accommodation farm laborers received caused them to gravitate to the oities. He thought the smallness of the areas provided for in the bill an advantage, as they would permit of facial intercourse. He thought they would tend, too, to the adoption of a more intense system of cultivation. - He believed many artisans would- make better farmers than the present occupants of larger areas. Mr Eirtou complimented the Government on the measure. Melbourne had been built up at the expense of the country. Be con tended that experience was greatly in favor of small holdings. He referred to the ■access of small blocks attained in many of the alder countries. He was opposed to the leasing principle, as he thought ownership conduced to industry. He announced hie intention of supporting the bill; but hoped to eee it liberalised in committee. Mr Tatchell supported the bill. Mr Staughtnn hoped the object of the hill, which was to relieve the congestion around Melbourne, would not be nullified by the imposition nf further heavy protective duties. Mr Wil liams hoped its provisions would be applied to worked-out goldfields. The debate wae then adjourned. Mr M'CoII, under cover.of a motion for enquiry into the Lascelles mallee blocks,, violently attacked the principle of allowing the settlers to sub divide their blocks. Mr M'Lean promised ample information and opportunity to de bate the matter, but denied the insinuation that transfers of blocks had been allowed since the committee reported upon the matter. Mr Webb also attacked the prac tice. The debate was adjourned, aud the House rose. An influential deputation of members of Parliament representing mining constituen cies waited on the Minister of Mines yesterday to urge upon him the necessity for speedily allocating the prospecting vote. Mr Outtrim promised to allot the money to- morrow , if the Treasurer made hie financial '-statement to-night. A report appears elsewhere in The Star. Ministers are congratulating themselves to-day (wrote our Melbourne correspondent last night) on having killed the opposition amongst their supporters to the reduction of Parliamentary salaries by the Premier’s clever move yesterday evening. When he asserted, with a fine assumption of vir tuous indignation, that members had .been traduced by the scurrilous press when accused of resisting reduction in their i own salaries, be was greeted with.oheers from some of the very men who don’t scruple to say they ought to get £7OO or .£BOO a year for what they do. The Premier's),,assertion that a member had ap proached him on the subject, was no donbt true enough; but some of his colleagues could tell a different story, and the unfortu nate whips as the buffers between a per plexed Government pledged to a reduction and mendacious supporters disinclined ; to be reduced, have had a very rough time lately. To-day the rumors as to the probability of an income tar are revived, the very Ministers who negatived the idea a short time back now throwing.out hints. It is, however, generally believed that the power behind the Ministerial throne; is against the proposal, and that there will be no income tax. The relations existing between Mr Kirton, M.L.A., and Cr Shnppee, the Mayor of i Ballarat, have for a long time past been of that character which in diplomatic language is described as strained. Yesterday (writes oar Melbourne correspondent) matters cul minated in a little scene, which must have amused, at the same time that it annoyed, the Postmaster- General. A deputation from 1 Ballarat, accompanied by Messrs D. Ham, Morey, and Gore. M’s.L.C., Kirton and Tale, M’s.L.A., Crs Sboppee and Thompson, and the town-clerk, waited on the Postmaster-General, to , urge the necessity for certain improvement and altera tions at the Ballarat Post-office. Messrs D. Ham, Gore, Vale, Shoppee, and Thompson, had addressed tha Minister, Messrs Morey and Kirton being the only remaining speakers; Mr Morey asked Mr Kirton to address, the Minister, but that gentleman said he wished to give way to Mr Morey. A little struggle of courtesy ensued, which re sulted' in Mr Kirtou addressing himself to the request. He concluded by saying that as he had been accorded a certain position by the electors of ' Ballarat West, he would insist as long as he held that position on being treated ' with respect. There bad apparently been an attempt to ignore Mr Morey and himself. He would, hpwavor, assert his position, aud he might remark that if the mayor were less officious it would be better for Ballarat; since on his last visit to the post office he hud been told, by the Postmaster General and the head of the department that an offensive letter had been received from the City Council. Such actions ns these must tend to injure Bal larat. Of bourse there was trouble, and something nearly approaching “language" was exchanged. The Minister promised careful consideration, and the ruffled digni taries retired to smooth their plumes. The Treasurer is definitely announced to make bis Budget speech to-night. The report of the sub-committee appointed to investigate certain complaints against Dr Morrison, the resident surgeon nf the Bal larat Hospital, made by Mrs Clark, of Glen park, and Mr P, Crnwe, of Redan, and also charges against the president, Mr J. J. Fitz gerald, of inciting these people to make the complaints, wns submitted at the special meeting of the general committee’ last evening. ' Tho document, after giving a digest of the evidence, ran as follows; “With reference to Mrs Clark’s complaint your committee, after careful investigation, are of opinion that Dr Morrison did by his unfortunate manner and speech to Mrs Clark give cause of complaint, and that Dr Morrison’s statement in his memo, to the committee that Mrs Clark had told him that she did not wish to make any com plaint, but that Mr Fitzgerald had advised her to, is a misunderstanding, Mr Fitzgerald’ having only told Mrs Clark, after she had made a verbal complaint, that if she hail any complaint she must put it in writing. VVe regret that Dr Morrison did not see his way clear to accept the suggestion offered by Mrs Clark that he should apologise for what lie had said to her, and so let the matter drop. VVe recommend that Dr Morrison be re quested to be good enough to exercise more tact and discretion in future on patients nr friends making complaints. With reference to Mr P. Crowe’s complaint, we do not think there is much in it; but here, again, Dr Morrison states in his memo, to the com mittee that the woman had stated that'the complaint was written against her wish, but at the request of Mr Fitzgerald, VVe are of opinion that this statement is not correct, and that Mr Fitzgerald did not, either in this or the former case, in any way incite these people to make the complaints, but simply informed them that their complaints must be put in writing, when they would be duly considered. Wo regret to say that the investigation of these complaints and the resident- surgeon’s report show a want of tact and administrative ability on the part of the resident-surgeon, Dr Morrison.” The Speaker announced in the Legislative Assembly yesterday evening, just before the debate on the Village Settlements Bill was resumed, that the Premier had received a message from tho Governor recommending that the salaries of members of the public service be reduced according to the following scale:—Salaries nf £l5O and under £3OO to be reduced by 2J per cent.; £3OO and under £750, by 5 per cent.; and over £750, by 7i per cent, Mr J, Noble Wilson made reference at the annual meeting of the Ladies’ Benevolent Clothing Society yestorday to the excellent work done by the society. He said they were doing a lot of admirable work without any expense at all. The ladies went round and made personal visits when any cases of distress were reported, but despite the amount of good done and the useful articles distributed among the poor, they were now in debt Tho dofioionev lie admitted wui very little, being only £26. By the balance sheet they could see that the unaided efforts ef the ladies themselves had produced £3OO out of about £5OO during the year, and thsy must have exercised a large amount of energy iu collecting such a large amount, especially in these depressed times. The public should know of the good done by a society like this. Probably Hie relief work that bad been taken np by the churches would be better done if they would enlist the aid of the society in making the distribu tion. There were cases reported which were not deserving of assistance, and these the ladies of the committee would know nf. Mr John Murray mentioned that the deficiency nf £26 would be reduced by the donations of £l7 from two mining companies within the past few days. He'sugqeated that the secre tary should write to dividend-paying com panies, which generally considered charitable applications in a charitable manner. The Rsv. J. Cowperthwaite, in subsequently re ferring to the matter, said the suggestion that the Ladies’ Clothing Society should be consulted in distributing relief was worthy of and would no doubt receive consideration) The present was a particularly trying time, but they knew there were many who were id a state of chronic poverty, due to their own thriftlessness or intemperance. They did not know what to "do with these oases. Where there was a drunken father or mother it seemed a wrong thing to help a family, bat the children must be con sidered. , There was a great need for help at the present time, and he was pleased to testify ‘ to the self-denying and successful labors of the society... Mr J..N. Wilson did not think there was any groat increase of poverty in; Ballarat on that of previous winters. There - were the chronic cases of the poor who were always with.them. He would like to hear from the ladies what they found the positinn to he, Ha thought Balla rat was as- prosperous as ever. The secre tary stated that the total number relieved during the year was 957, »n increase on the previous 12 months of 77. The chairman, the Ten, Archdeacon Green, added hie testi mony as to the society’s good work. The relief was 'given in an admirably discreet manner, and everywhere be came across the eteps of the Ladies’ Clothing Society. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Ballarat Ladies’ Benevolent Clothing Society was held yesterday afternoon in the Bene volent Asylum hoard room. A report ap pears in another column. ' Be asked for a match—and got it. While two young ladies were walking along. Dove ton Crescent, shortly before 9 o’clock last evening, they were suddenly confronted by the white-robed scamp who has lately been impersonating a ghost in that neighborhood. The girls were naturally scared, and one of them gave vent to a thrilling scream. The “ ghost” then quickly withdrew and went behind a tree guard. In a second or two he re-appeared minus his shroud, and address ing the young ladies said—“lt’s all right; what’s the matter, have yon seen thn ghost ? I have a lantern hern, and if you’ll oblige, me with a match I’ll light it and help you to look for him.” Those whom be bad previously intended to frighten in stantly detected the deception, and' one of them slapped him over the face with her umbrella, saying, “There’s a match for you.” Encouraged by this her , companion joined in, -and his “gbostship” was. thoroughly chastised. The girls describe him as being a man of about 50 years, with a red moustache and very long eyebrows) Last - evening there - was exhibited in Mr Gargan’s tobacconist shop, Sturt, street, a ghastly-looking representation of a human lace, made out of a stout paper .bag, inside of which was placed a lighted'candle. It was stated that the article had been worn by the “ghost,” who dropped- it whilst being pursued by a number of young fellows on the previous night. This statement, however, is not generally believed. A special meeting of the Hospital com mittee was held last evening, when there were present—Messrs J. J. Fitzgerald (presir dent), Anderson, Edwards, Hunter,,Clegg, Acheson, Brophy, M’Naught, Gibbings, Papenhagen, J. Phillips, L. Phillips, 6. Smith, J. G. M‘Donald, VV. Eyres, and Drs Whitcombs, Hardy, Salmon, and Ochil tree, The following nominations for the various offices were received:—President, Mr VV. M. Acheson (elected); vice-presidents, Messrs O. B. Edwards and A. White (elected); treasurer, Mr W. Eyres (re elected); committee (six to be elected), Messrs J. J. Fitzgerald, J. Permowan, D Brophy, A. Hunter, T. Clegg, J. G. M’Donald, A. Miller, C. I. Burrows; auditor, Mr 3. F. Spillman; hon. surgeon. Dr ,-Pin nnck;- hon. physician, Dr Salmon. The annual reports were submitted, aud referred to the annual meeting. Amongst the many improvements recently effected at Fry’s flour mills (Farmers’ Loan and Agency Company), Wendouree parade, is the erection, of four asbestos fire-proof double doors, which are placed in the parti tions between thn milling departments and the storerooms. The doors, which are very costly, and the first nf the kind in Ballarat; are composed of a plate of sheet iron, to each side of which is fixed timber latticing, thickly covered with asbestos cement con crete. The doors swing on specially-made hinges, and are fitted with bolts and latches. In addition to this precaution against the spread nf fire, a large stone flag has been placed at the font, of each doorway, so that in the event of a ' con flagration the flames would be confined to the portion of the building in which the fire might originate. In order to still further reduce the possibilities nf total destruction by fire, tho whole of the beams and ceilings and portinns of the bins have been thickly coated with asbestos paint, the effect of which is to make the wond work fire- resisting to a marvellous extent. The doors when thoroughly dry will bo colored with a similar preparation, so as to obtain a uniform appearance.. Tho ironwork and fittings were turned out at Mr J. E. Cow ley’s Eureka boiler works, while Mr Drassy had charge of the plastering. The annual meeting of governors and sub scribers to the Ballarat Hospital will be held thin evening, at the Old Colonists’ Hall. Tho election for,members of the com mittee will take place on Friday, at the Benevolent Asylum Board Room, opening at II a.m. and closing at 4 p.m. The result will be made known inthe evening. The fourth of the aeries of University Extension lectures (the-second of the second course) will be delivered by Mr H. Arnold Tubbs, M.A., classical lecturer, University of Melbourne, in the Mining Exchange this evening, the special subject being “ Egypt.” In the course of the lecture it will be shown what Egypt really is; the mystery of Egypt will be explained; the moral, mental, and physical attributes of .the Egyptian people will be depicted, The nation will ha treated historically from the period nf fable, preceding history strictly speaking down to its latest development. The importance aud meaning of its wonder ful movements will he shown, and the three great historical periods will be clearly brought out. In addition to the exact and full knowledge of his subject that the learned lecturer has at easy command, there will be the additional attractions of drawings, diagrams, and lantern illustrations. Mem bers are admitted on production of season tickets, and non- members on payment of 2< each. Such a subject and lecturer should cbmmaud n crowded audience. The following donations were passed at the half-yearly meeting ot the Black Horae United Company, held yesterday;—Ballarat Hospital, £10; the Benevolent • Asylum, Orphanage, and Ladies’ Clothing Society, £5 each. At tho conclusion of the special meeting of the Hospital Committee last evening a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the re tiring president, Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, for the manner in which he had carried out the duties of his office during the year. The motion was moved by Mr j. Phillips in a few eulogistic words,. and seconded by Mr R. Gibbings. Mr Fitzcerald briffly replied, and referred to the excellent assistance lie had received from the members of the com mittee and from the officers of the Hospital. A similar compliment wns paid to the hono rary professional staff, and acknowledged by Drs Whitoombe and Ochiltree. Subse quently Mr Fitzgerald entertained the members of committee and Clio officers in the beard-room. The usual loyal toasts were honored, and then. Mr George Smith proposed the health nf the retiring president. The tnast wns enthusiastically honored, and Mr Fitzgerald made a suitable and feeling response. The health of the in coming president (Mr W. M. Acheson) was next honored, and among the other toasts of tho evening were those of “ The Retiring Members of Committee,” “The Officers," “ The Hon. Professional Staff,” “ The Press,” and others. A resident of Princes street, named Alexander Allan, attended at the Hospital yestorday suffering from the presence »fa foreign body In his eye, A deputation of Chinese residents, consist ing of Messrs Chow Mung (chairman), Jas. Lung Moe, Lee Young, Oh Yin, nad Jus. Lee Chung, waited on the committee of the Ballarat Cricket Club yesterday afternoon, and obtained the Eastern Oval for the pro posed football match in aid of the unem ployed and the local charities. The deputa tion explained that they had over £6O in hand, but that at the request of several citi zens they would give their entertainment, instead of handing over this sum. They intended to procure the whole of the gor geous dresses used at the Bendigo Easter Fairs, and to invite a number of Chinese from Melbourne and Bendigo to assist in the procession. The match will be betwe-n the miners and gardeners, and will be restricted solely to Chinese. In the evening there is to be a grand display, including the flying of the huge dragon, which takes about 50 men to manage. The committee nf enquiry into the charges made by a patient named Dwyer against the resident surgeon of the Ballarat Hospital will sit some time next week to investigate them. Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, the retiring president, has resigned his position on the committee, owing to his having been con nected with the previous enquiries. A well-attended and very euccessful meet ing of the shareholders of the Eureka Starr- Bowkett Building society was held in ti e large auotionroom at the rear of the secre tary’s office, last night, for tho purpose of appropriating £5OO by sale. There were offers of the maximum premium of £6O per £lOO for the large amount of £5500, which showed conclusively that the society is supplying a much-felt want in the district, j A ballot was, therefore, held among the in tending. purchasers, with ‘ the following result,' viz.:—Mr J. Rebond,- Horsham, £200; Mr S; Gargan, Dean, £100; Mr O. A. Lind rnth, Dimboola, £2OO. The country share holders ' were evidently in luck pa this occasion. After some formal amendments to the rules hud been adopted, and some refer ence made to the continued success of the Eureka,' the meeting closed. At the Warden’s Court yesterday, before Mr Warden Foster, P M.', Mr Truswell, the applicant for a lease near the Eastern Plateau Company, requested that the niatter'shnuld be further adjourned for three mouths. The Warden pointed pointed out that the. appli cation first came before the court in June, 1891, and that it appeared to be a case of shepherding. Ultimately an adjournment for two months was granted on the under standing that, if the case was not then pro ceeded with, it would be declared aban doned. ' The quarterly social in connection with the Sons and Daughters of. Temperance, was .held. last night in the Societies’ Hall. Gren ville street. The proceedings commenced with' a tea meeting, a good number sitting down.to the tables, the catering being well attended to by Mrs M’Kenzie. During the evening a first-class programme of songs and recitations - was performed; the following ladies and gentlemen contributing items;— Mrs Cameron, Missaa Hollow and G. Hollow Trembath, Johns, and Messrs A. W. Crowe (chairman), Smith, R, Brown, Gilbert, and Miliani. A dialogue, “The bashful lovers,’’ was well rendered by Miss Trembath and Mr Smith. A number of enjoyable games were also entered into with spirit, and the gathering dispersed well pleased with the pleasant time spent. v ■ Messrs Scott, Miller and King, JJs.P., attended at the Town Police'Court yester day. One inebriate was discharged. This comprised the business of the court. Thera was'a fair attendance at the fort nightly meeting of the Operative Masons Society held at the Trades’ Hall last night, under the presidency of Mr D. Gann, Amongst the correspondence was a letter from the trades and Labor Council, referring to the strike of miners at Broken Hill, and soliciting assistance for the men who are engtged in the dispute. The consideration of che communication was deferred until next meeting, which will be specially called for the purpose of dealing with the matter. The fortnightly allowance to a sick member having been passed, and other unimportant business dealt with, the meeting closed. \- After having been confined to the house, through illness, for the past fortnight, Mr F. H. Tuthill was yesterday able to resume work at bis office in .Lydiard street. A man named'Alfred Wainwright was ar* rested in Redan yesterday by Constable Stallard on a charge of embezzling, in November last, various sums, of money amounting to £3O, belonging to his em ployer, Alexander Kyle, of Yarra. Wainwright was lodged in the City lockup, and will be brought before the magistrates this morning, and probably remanded to ap pear at tbe place named. A moderately attended meeting of gentle men interested in the formation of a Vege tarian Society was held at the Trades’ Hall last night. Mr D. Glass was voted to the chair. It was resolved that an organisation to be called the Ballarat Vegetarian and Pro gressive Society, should be formed and those present at once enrolled themselves as mem bers. A committee of five having been ap pointed to draw up rules and arrange other preliminaries the meeting adjourned. Sub sequently the committee met and instructed the acting secretary (Mr J. T. Huston) to proceed to Melbourne this morning to .con sult with tbe officers of the metropolitan society, and also to request Professor Nixon and others to deliver a series of lectures on various subjects. The annual meeting of the governors and subscribers to the Ballarat Orphan Asylum takes place to- night, at 8 o’clock, in the Benevolent Asylum board room. Camp Street, The Misses Vincent and Cummins held their third meeting in the Neil street Wes leyan church last night, Rev. S. Cuthbert in the chair. There was a large and appreci ative audience. The Temperance choir ren dered several selections very creditably both to themselves and their leader. Miss Cummins gave a touching and earnest ad dress, advocating tho claims of the Women's Christian Temperance Union. Miss Vin cent followed with a thrilling address also, referring to her own life and conversion, visibly affecting many of her hearers. Those who have not heard these ladies, and desire, to do so, should lose no time,' as they will only be in Ballarat until the end of the week. An old woman named Eliza Brown, who was only discharged from gaol yesterday morning, after serving a months’ imprison ment for using obscene language, was again arrested last evening near the lake for a similar offence by Constable Heggart. Eliza, who has a number of previous convic tions against her, was lodged in the City watch-house, and she will make her bow before the bench this morning to answer the charge. Mr E. F. Date, who has just retired from the Education Department, intends in future placing his ripe experience and well known teaching abilities at the disposal of those who may wish to avail themselves of them in training for public service, matriculation, scholarship, and teachers’ examinations. Mr Date’s connection with the Education Department for 34 years has made him thoroughly acquainted with its working, and also with the requirements that candidates for employment will have to comply- with. He is peculiarly adapted for the style of tuition he has undertaken. Therp was a blank charge-sheet at the City Police Court yesterday. An nld soldier made application to the bench— Messrs Acheson, Archer, and M ‘Naught, J’s. P.—for assistance. After enquiring into the case, the magistrates donated 10s from the poor box, the amount being supplemented by a gift of 2s from one of the J’s.P. A temperance meeting under the auspices of the St. Patrick’s Total Abstinence Society and League of the Cross, was held at the Trades Hull last night. The chair was occupied by the Rev. Father Harrington, who delivered a stirring address on the evils of intemperance and the advantages nf total abstinence. A first-class programme nf vocal and instrumental music and recitals was carried out by the members, to the delight of those present. At the conclusion of the meeting 34 new members were enrolled, Messrs J, M'Dougnli and Snn were the lowest and successful tenderers for the. erectiou of additions to St, Andrew’s Sunday School, The contractors will at once start building operations. The ratepayers of Haddon met on Tubs: day evening last at Fox’s George hotel (writes our correspondent) for the purpose of forming a committee to secure tho return nf Mr D. Rowlands, of Ross’ Creek, as a mem ber for the north riding of the Grenvilleahire Council. There was a good muster of rate payers present, who formed themselves into a strong committee to support Mr Rowlands who gave his views on council matters gene rally. These were received with satisfaction by those present, and a vote of confidence was unanimously passed in Mr Rowland's favor. The annual meeting of the South street Debating Society will be held ou Friday evening, for tho election nf officers and com mittee.- Thera will also be a presentation of a photo, of the late Mayor Hickman at the meeting. A public meeting was held in the Mechanics’ Hall, Snake Valley, on Monday evening last (writes a correspondent), tn protest against the action of the Postal Department in re ducing the local P.ist-office, from an official staff, and handing it over to a private indi vidual, Mr F. Sheehan was voted to the chair, and explained the objects nf the meet ing, which hod been hurriedly called to gether, as nothing was known of the depart ment’s project until the Saturday previous. Resolutions were passed as follows:—“That, a petition be at once signed, and forwarded through Messrs Young and Divies, M’s.P., to the Postmester-General, requesting a re consideration of his decision, which it was considered quite uncalled for, in view of the present improved prospects of the district;” and “That the members be requested to -do their utmost • to prevent such a gross injustice to the neighborhood being perpetrated.” A petition was headed and signed by all those present, and was afterwards forwarded as directed. R-gard ing the above, to an . unbiassed person the action of the department (if retrenchment is their motive) it simply ridiculous, ns at pre taut office rent is tree, the P.M. having to pay to tbe department out of her salary £4 per annum more than they are them selves paying, making the total salaries received by tbe P.M. and messenger £lO6. ! Th« proposed alteration will be of £65 or. £7O will be paid, beside, ' eentaee on money orders, teleoram, I"' wfuoh will at present amount to another or £4O. so that we fail to see wh. r , T? savings will be effected. This, too ':! }? taking into account the inconvenient?? is caus the nnn - deii '»y :i One of the first duties of a Premier • master the art of so dangling carrot/ " * absorb the attention of tbl donk« Shiels, being m some respects (,»„ a Argus) an instinctive politician, alu learnt the lessons necessary to an/l.! - 1 this art. He knows exactly the preciseV 4 tanceat which the carrots should be hriT Yesterday ha was asked by Mr Mason? i without offence may for the purposes 0 f report be said to represent the patient w gullible beast) when it was intended to the House to consider the questions 0 f appointing a standing committee on rail*."' and of constructing certain lines in Gippsland. Mr Shiels, with pretend frankness, replied that no information conla be given on either point until after T Budget had been disposed of. It j, ..i*™ lated that at least 20 members consider ln« have been promised by the Government r ? muaerative positions on the railway mittee. As only eight can be appointed!/ Is not difficult to see that the selection w i causa some trouble, Mr Shiels is B sidi? have recently taken a morbid view of Hf but he is not yet prepared to commit t£ happy despatch by allowing the carrots tn be eaten. w Ur . Bmal| -P"x specialist examined the Kanaka at the Brisbane Ho pital «n Tuesday, and reports that he i, undoubtedly suffering from small pox. Complaints are made of the conduct of men camped near Urana, Jerilderie and Daysdale, waiting for the shearing, and on Saturday the police had an encounter with, number of men camped on Wannamotn when one of the number .was locked on ,„j has since been sentenced to three mouthi’ imprisonment. The superintendent of poR., has made arrangements to concentrate ft. police force in the districts referred to. ' Public feeling has been aroused in 5, 9 Francisco in opposition to-the wholesale i®. migration of Japanese into that city. Bur? vessel from Japan brings a large contingent and they are underworking and undersells the white man and woman everywhere. ° The clearances at the customs on Tueidsr were v»ry lively and large, no Is*, thin £42,236_ 6s 9d being received in reverie;, The article most in demand was tweed, the clearance of which added ovnr £17,000 to to-day’s takings, while tobacco and cigm were also taken out in large quantities, Ocs firm alone paid over £6OOO in duty on tobacco and cigars, while others paid t«. tween £2OOO and £3OOO each. John K'nsella was sentenced to six mnnlin’ imprisonment at Stawell on Tuesday for en deavoring to impose upon the commissioner! of the Savings Bank by forging 'he named a miner named Cantwell, who-died in tie hospital in April. Mr and Mrs Thomas Burrell, recent arrivals in Now Zealand from India, were on Tuesday fording the River Mnngaroa in a buggy with their two children, when the horse got beyond his depth, and he.and the buggy were carried down the stream. The two children wero drowned, but MrandMri Burrell were both rescued. Roderick M’Namara, late manager of the Australian Banking Company in Sydney, was committed f..r trial on Tuesday fer embezzling £l3OO, the money of the com pany. The Russian Government has decided,u a means of gaining additional revenue, to impose an.income tax. 