THE RIGHT SORT- A P.OMANOE OF THE SHIBES. DT Mas. EDWARD KENNARD. CHAPTER XIII.— Difico6siK(j THE LADIES' STEEPDKC3£A£E. Id the meantime dinner was amiouucod, giving her an opportunity of collecting her wits, for Colonel (Jliaker offered his arm to the hostess, Mr, M'Gratli came forward to claim Kate, while Mary Whitbread fell to ihe portion of the foaciuatiug Captain Fuller, who, how over, having lost a considerable Burn at his club in town on .Saturday night—or rather Suoday morning— happened to be in a less sprightly and more taciturn mood then usual. After a littleprelimiuary bustle, they seated themselves at table, when Kate fouud tho enemy had taken up a strong position on Iho right, while Mr. M'Gratli supported the left division. " You're looking a little pale this eveniog, Mrs. Forrester, "raid lio. " Nothing the matter, I hope? You re not feeling seedy ?" 44 A liver attack," she replica with a cus tomary bluutness. "Not very serious, only requires plenty of fresh air aud exercise. One gets fat and Uzy in the bummer. By-tUe bye, MisB Browser, that was a nice useful -looking nag you were riding to-day. Not so showy, perhaps, os the chostuut, but with capital good points, and looks like a wcar-aud-tear sort of customer." "You've described him to a nicety," said Kate in reply. "The Duckling is a stout, honest little beast, never sick or eorry, but until he seta excited inclined to take life almost too easily. He lacks the chestnut's dash." M Have you ever ridden him with a spur V" "No, I can't say that I have. To tell tho truth, I feel somewhat afraid of applying it indiscriminately." 44 Oh no you wouldn't. You take my advice, and ride hiin with oue, if only for a time or two. The least touch is often sufficient to rouse a sluggUh horce. They are apt to get cunning when ridden by ladies, and an occasionol reminder does theui all the good is the world. I know many >eople object to a one-sided spur, aud say it's worse than useless, but my ex perience is exactly the reverse. I consider it a most valuable auxiliary, especially with a certain class of animal." "Faith! auda better authority does not exist in the whole of Great Britain," interposed Mr. M Gratb, lookiug round the table with au expression of I'ouviction which seemed to say, 41 There! 1 defy anyone to contradict that statement!" 44 Now, Turry, keep your national blarney for those who appreciate it," returned the old lady vivaciously, aud don't waste yoursoft sawder upon mc. I'm too ancient for that sort of thiug, and past tbo market." "Begad! but it's rale unkind that ye arc, Mrs. Forrester, mavourneen," exclaimed Mr. M'Gr&th;, adopting the very strongest brogue. 44 And a clever faymale like yereelf can always command a market." 44 Thank you, my good friend; you ace exceedingly flattering, and were 1 a young girl my head would be quite turned with such a complimentary speech." 44 Shure, Mrs. Forrester, and if ye were but n wee bit spalpeen, it would be for tryiug to persuade yo to become Mrs. Terence M'Gratb that I Bhould aspire." 44 Then it's lucky for yon that I am not, and you are deterred from committing so crowning an act of folly," retorted the old lady amidst a general roar of laughter. 44 Your heart's toe big for your body, Terry, and as for your common sense, it is nowhere, so let us cbaoge the subject. J ick/' turning to Colonel Clinker, "I've got something to tell yon, something I was particularly requested by a fair admirer to oonsultyou about. Aie you all attention ?" 44 Am I not always so when addressed by Mrs. Forrester!" returned he gallantly. " Who is the lady, and why does she seek advice from so incompetent a person r" 14 A great f rieud of yours, Lady Anne Birkett, and she is mad about getting up a ladies steeplechase. You remember there was some talk of doing so last winter, only the project fell to the ground for want of proper basking. Bat this year it appears the old Sari has taken up the affair ro» amore , and has signified his intention of allowing the race to be ran over his land, provided some competent person— yourself for instance— will undertake to choose a suitable course, and see that the fences are not too large and dangerous. It won't do, he says, for .the ladies to come to grief, neither will he allow the thing to be made pablic in any way, bat if a few of us choose to get it up amongst ourselves, and can . ensure some four or five starters, he will present a handsome silver cup to the winner. Now Lady Anne, when she heard you were coaxing here to-night, par ticularly asked me to seek your opinion on this mementoui queaion, and engage, if possible, your active oo-operation. In fact, she wants you to become the moving spirit,and take the whole thing in hand from first to last.? "Very kind of Lady Anne, Tm sure. But who ana what is the field to consist of V Have you any notion r" " Why, there's Lady Anne herself. She's at keen as mustard abjut it, not that she will possess the ghost of a chanoe of winning, unless the Earl pats h;s hand in his pocket and gives her a decent mount. Miss Palliser, too, is always game for anything in the riding way. Her ambitious aprrit would simply revel ld the excitement of a raco. I lay any money that she jumps at the idea." 44 I wish the old scarectow would jump off the hooks. Nasty spiteful creature I I hate the very sight of her out hunting ! Well, go on, who else?" "Then there are Mrs. Paget and Mrs. Phipps; perhaps one or two others ; and lastly, with a little persuasion— myself." "Yourself!' Capital! That puts a different complexion on the matter altogether. Whv, every man in Foxington would turn out to see toe celebrated Mrs. Forrester come galloping in between the flags on a winning mount. We shall have another feather added to your cap yet." 44 Or another censorious dart placed in the hands of my enemies," e&id; Mrs. Forrester, whose eyes failed to be completely blinded by toe honour and glory of this redoubtable prospect. 44 1 shall be called an old fool for my peine, and not without some show of reason, for what's the use of going gallivanting over a country at my time of life P However, Ladv Anne left me no peace until I half promised her I would make one of the number." " And quite right too ; the race would seem hut a very bait-hearted affair without vour Support." "Oh, nonsense. Jack; things would go on exactly the same. Only I help to swell the rank of lunatics, and the more the merrier. Perhaps Miss Browser may be induced to take part in the proceedings. What aay you?" appealing to Kate. 44 Will you throw in your tot with out daring band of horsewomen r" " There's uotbiug in the world I should like better, answered she, witn glistening eje. She had already pictured to herself the glorious sensation pfmlotingKingOlafpastthewinmng- post, and bad listened breathlessly to everything that had passed between Mrs. Forrester ana Jxdonel Clinker. 44 But," she added rather lamely, catching an expression of stern die SutMb t face, opposite, sinSH1 interrupted Jack Clinker. Hon t be afraid to mention an/ scruples vou e,;rtam. Perhaps," and Kate fancied she could detect the least possible aiieer, 44 the project appears too dangerous, and if so, my Wjythies are on your side altogether. " ..y®b sympathies are entirely misplaced," aaia she tartly, feeling deeplr wouuded by any implication on her courage. " I am uot<///ifeao urnid as you seem to imagine, and was not deterred by the possible danger ; only," gather ing confidence, 44 should not we be apt to Bcandaliee the pood people of the neighbour- nood, and make ourselves somewhat con spicuous F" " You are right, Miss Browser, and display sound wisdom iu being afraid of their oonnuonts. Ao doubt you will gain n vary bad name." He was laughing at licr, and she could not endure chaff from him, of all people in the world, when up tothh moment he nad more or less ignored her existence, and studiously ad dressed all bis conversation to Mrs. Forrester. J"ou w'ou,(1 nt employ that word afraid, " she said irritably. 44 1 detest it ; i and once for all let me tell you I'm uot afraid of anything, certainly not of a few ill-natured remarks from j>eople who are perfect strangers tonao. So pleats banieh the idea from your 44 The beauty of it ij/'s&id; Mrs. Forrester intervening, 41 people can't talk, for nobody is to know anything about the raco outside our own immediate circle, and enobbiahism reigns so supreme that when folks hear the Earl of Haatragshire ha? b en the chief patrou ai d supporter of it, scarcely a dissentient voice will oe raised. In order to maiotain as much pnv&cy; as possible, he proposes that oven the plaoe of meeting should bo kept a profound secret, and only divulged so utn four-and- lwenty hours before the race. However, mv 2SK> turning blandly towards Kate. 44 we a?®1'/ body to please tkenielvw, and if you have the least hesitation about riding do not scruple to say eo." 41 Hear, hear I" chimed Rouble. Jack ap- Published by arrangement with Worj. Ick, provingly ; "them's iuy eeatiments, and if I were you, Miss Brewecr, I should decline." ''But you are not uio," she retorted iu an undertone. 44 and ail I decline is the advice so gratuitously offered. Perhaps you will allow oie to judge for myself, aud," looking round with, aii air of defiance and speaking aloud. my tniud Is made up. I intend to compete, since Mrs. Forrester has been good cuou li to ask me to do so." 44 That s right, my dear!" exclaimed the lady approvingly. 4,I told Lady Anue I felt utmost auto vou would join our party: besides, it would lie a sbauio not to give that beautiful chesnut au opportunity of showing us all hie heels. JTo ought to have au uncommonly good chance of winning. Can he stay?" 4t)c9, I thiuk so," answered Kate more placidly. V .v0" heard what tho distance is to her asked Colonel Clinker. 44 So much de pends upon- that, especially with untrained horses, generally ns fat us so many bullocks. I should say a two to a two and a-half miles course would be amply sufficient. A longer one will 'only give rise to a variety of mishaps. I lay ten to uuc La. Palliser comes iu as blown as a Liverpool chaser." 44 Well, all such details will probablv be left to you to decide, " said Mrs. Forrestei. 14 Lady Anne wants you to go over the first day you can in order to settle prclimiuarits. You know the big grass. fields, within hali a mile of tho Castle : There was &ome; talk of making one of them the starting-point. But you will settle all that, since everything is to l>e placed in your hands." 4' Au exceedingly invidious houour, pretty sure to call down on uiy deroted head no end of abuse. I never knew the uian yet who undertook to mark out a steeplechase course that did not come in for almost uoiveisal con demnation. The riders c insider the obstacles too large, tho public think them too small ; the one finds fault with the distance, the other complains of its brevity: and so they goon. It's impossible to satisfy everybody, oven under tho most favourable conditions: but whou it comes to pleasing half-a-dozen ladies, and providing both for their safety and amuse ment, I confess to shrinking from such a difficult aud delicate undertaking. It already weighs upon my mind like an 'incubus.' Im agine the tremendous responsibility of selecting the fences, when I think at each particular one that some frail-limbed woman may come to grief over it. I don't fancy the job in the least, and nothing but my friendship for Lady Anne would induce me to countenance it for one minute. However, since you ladies ap pear resolved, put me out of suspense at once by telling mo when the celebrated female Foxiogton steeplechase iB likely to come off?" "iwoil't Iisvr von snpnk of niir niirnnsoin that disparaging manner," said Mrs. Forrester reprovingly. 44 And J back the ladies to acquit themselves quite as creditably as if tlxej were men. Now, Jack, don't be disagreeable, for if you begin by giving yourself airs nod turning up your nose in disdain the whole thing will collapse, and Lady Anne be teriibly dis appointed." 44 1 should be sorry to disappoint her ladyship. She's a Teal good sort, aud I certainly would go out of my way to render her any little service that happened to be in my power. Has toe fixed the time?" 44 Oh dear no ! In fact the idea has only just been broached. But I fancy she wants the race to come off pretty soon, probably about the beginning of December, hut any way before Parliament. Their plans after Christina are generally rather uuBettled." 44 The horses will have to be trained, of course," remarked Colonel Clinker, speaking with professional authority. 44 That is a i» qua noiu I suppose you are prepared to put the chestnut into regular work, Miss Browser:" 44 Really," said she, 44 1 have hardly thought of it yet Won't that mean losing his services in the hunting field altogether? And just at resent I am too short of hones to be able to ispensewith my best one." 44 Short, are you?" interrupted Mrs. Forrester, who seldom allowed the chance of doing a little business to go by unmolested. "Are you on the look out for another? Be cause if so, I wish to dispose of an animal that would 6uit you down to the ground and carry you just like a bird. He's a bay, rising seven, and a first-rate fencer, as toe Colonel there will tell you. As a role I dislike selling to friends, but the Peer is a bond jide article, that I am ouly parting with owing to several younger horses coming on. He's a made hunter, and cheap at & hundred and twenty guineas, the price I'm asking for him." It flashed through Kate's mind that if the Peer were really so good as represented, it seamed hardly worth Mrs. Forrester's while to sell him at the very commencement of the season, but she. was not aware that his original nriee wu twentv-five Guineas. and that for a profit of a hundred pounds the lady would haremrted with every animal in her stable. 44 You are very kind," she answered diplo matically, thinking it well not to appear too keen. 44 1 may probably have to .purchase an extra horse or two later on, but just now I am in no particular hurry for a few weeks." 14 May I be allowed to offer another piece of advics, in spite of the . severe snubbing you took occasion to administer a short time ago," whispered Colonel Clinker a second or two later, when their hostess's attention was en gaged in another quarter. 44 Certainly," said Kate, feeling rather con scious of the rebuke, but still somewhat Bur- prised at tbe request. 44 What is it?" "Don't you let yourself be persuaded to buy any of Mrs. Forrester's horses, that's ail. She's a dear old sou), and I'm awfully fond of her, but I should be sorry to see one of her so- called 'made hunters' palmed off upon you. Do you understand, or have I once more com mitted an offence?" 44 Not at all, but please explain what is your meaning?" 44 Why, you see Mrs. Forrester is both able and clever. She rides awful brutes, and manages to get rid of them to advantage some how. But they are not suited toother ladies, and therefore I should be sorry to see you buy oue. Purchase a horse trill, Mrs. Forrester if you like— there is no better judge in England, when the cheque comes out of somebody else's book— but not <>f her. The risk, nine times out of ten, is too great." "She must be a wonderful rider!" said Kate. "That's exactly what she is, but I should grieve to see a young lady of your tender years imposed upon, and 1 /.note tbe I'ecr would not suit you." 44 I'm not so young as all that. I was twenty-two last birthday," said Kate, impelled to make tbe statement by a species of brusque honesty, characteristic of her disposition. 44 A mere child," said be looking at her and thinking how much too young she was to face the world alone. He noticed also how bright and large her eyes were, and how perfect the pose of the small head. 44 You are not angry with me for what I have said ?" he asked, feeling as if he should like to bo good friends with her in tbe future. ' I liave not aunoyed yon this time, have I r" She hesitated for a second aud then said— 44 No." 41 1 know how independent you are," he con tinued apologetically, 44 aud half feared you might resent iuy interference." 44 People v iq/it to be independent, and able to shift for themselves in this world." 44 1 entirely agree, so far as our sex is con cerned, but in vours it becomes a question whether independence may not be carried to too great an extent— whether it is not apt to give women a certain brusquenf-ss and hard ness, scarcely in harmony with their character, at least from a manly poiut of view ?" The sentence was uttered witboutany particular in tention, but curiously enough Kate chose to put a personal construction upon it, and tbe spirit of oppositiou once more grew rife within ber. 44 Oh 1" she said flippantly, 41 1 suppose you arc like most other men, ana care only for the pretty blue eyed, flaxen-haired, doll type, which look up to you and worship you 'like demi-gods. Brains don't signify : the fewer the better, for then dolly is less likely to see flaws in her idol, or to'detect tbat what she takes for pure metal is nothing but a base alloy. These clinging, litchen-like creatures appeal to a mau> vanity if uot to his noblor instiucts, and iu return they are rewarded by a lake- warm, halfcomemptuous affection. The natural position of things is reversed, ond< V PUoiume qui t faikM two ia j'tnme I It saves a great deal of trouble, aud the limpets mako excellent and obedieut wives. They at any rate are not too independent." 44 Yon aro sweeping in your condemnations, Miss Browser. Luckily for me, however, I have escaped the wiles of these beautiful, but inane playthings of whom you speak. Matri mony is au expensive luxury, rather super fluous than otherwise in my estimation, especially nowadays, when young ladies expend a moderate fortune on their clothes, and the dressmaker's bill would nearly cover the ex penses of a season's huutiug. A mau must either be vary bold, very rich, or very, very foolish to undertake tbe modern girl of the period." 44 Girl of the period, indeed ! What an odiou6 expression! Just as if there were not hundreds audhundreds of nice, quiet, sensible girls about, if only the men had sense enough to appreciate them! Instead of which, because their frocks happen to be a little behind the fashion, or their biota couufry made, and their gloves a size or two too big, they call them frumps, £UJsj £3-wkieo, dowdies, every como under the sun. Why should we all bo judged by our outer garments to such a ridiculous extent as to veil our eyes to inward merit ' Answer me that question if you can.1' 44 But I cau't. It's much fco abstruse for my feeble tomprehenbiou." 44 Well, then, do you believe in the law of demand and supply ? Arc you by any chance a political economist " A political economist indeed I Why, my dear Miss Brewsor, f run not even a domestic one, and find it impcssiblo to practise that virtue at homo. A poor devil like myself, head over ears in debt, has quite euough, and more than enough, todoiu minding bis own -affairs, without bothering about those of the nation." "Ah! you don't understand me. What I meant was simplv this. You men ss a body complain of tbe girls. You sty they are fast, frivolous, and e.Gravagont. Well, I ask in their dofoDec, who make the girls so if not tho men, themselves ? They create a demand for a ccrtaiu stylo of woman, and that demon i is promptly supplied iu order to gratify their tastes. If there was no demand, there woutd be no supply. It i8 merely a fuudamental law of nature— that's all. Iu support of iny theory, enter any ball-room almost that you like, and you will sgq rows upon rows of quiet, good girls sitting pirtnerlces bv their cbaperones, while the loud, nowy, fast ones have nearly every man in the place dangling ftfttr them. True, the lords of creation may return to their homes, and after devoting themselves nil tho evening to Mrs. A. or Miss B., declare they thank heaven theirsister, wife, daughter, as the case may be, does not resemble the divinity, but with what result '( Why their belongings, who probab'y have spent a dull evening, totally neglected, put two and two together, and after a hit begiu to make comparisons, 'lhat stage oaee reached, the eud soon ap proaches. They find that if they paint their cbeeks. drcs-s showily, talk immodestly, and altogether are bad form,' they, too, become a centre of attraction, and neod -no longer sit iu retired corners alone, 4 chewing the bitter cud of desertion and isolation. Thcybemmo different beings, but you men alone are to blame for their degeneration, though in tbe words of that arch-sneak Adam, when the mischief is done you turn round aud say, 4 It's not me, it's tbewoman. " She had forgotten where she was, and who she was speaking to, being carried away by the bitter earnestness of her subject. Unlike many girls of ber age, she had seen a great deal of the world, aud that uuder such peculiar circumstances as to reader her unusually clear- 6iglited. Her cheeks now were flushed, and her whole face sparkling with animation, aid Colonel Clinker, looking at her in astonish- mfint. ROllld nnt realm it, Vi.'o Ua dearly loved a highly-mettled steed, and Kate in this glowing mood reminded him of some gallant and spirited young creature. He had never met any oue like her before, so clever, so original, and yet so honest aud simple. She impressed hioi by her strength of character as well as by ber good looks. And he himself possessed a strain of candour which forced him, unaccustomed as he was to hearing the shortcomings of his class thus roundly taken to task by so young a girl, to acknowledge in great measure the truth of what she eaid> It began dimly to dawn upon his mind that it was ju6t possible the world might contain better things even than horse-racing and horse- riding, and that a dear little woman at his own fireside might possibly exercise a more salutary influence over him than did the life of restless excitement he was in the habit of leading— a life of wasted ability and unprofitable plea sures, whose only results oonsisted iu embar rassing his father's old age, and squandering tbe patrimony he otherwise might have in herited, -The child, tide outspoken girl, with her honest voice, fearless eyes, and daring opinions, clad in her simple white gown, had appealed most strangely to his better nature, raising in bin suddenly a vague unsatisfied longing after nobler things. Such sensations seemed too unreal to be encouraged — only & passing weakness— to be crushed in its infancy, such as the sight of a pretty woman, the glance of an eye the turn of a head, will often give rise to. With a forced laugh and a sigh he roused himself from his meditations. 44 You are a hard hitter," Miss Browser, be answered, 44 and I scarcely know how to de fend my box against so forcible an attack. You speak, however, as il your own ex perience had been unfortunate. At twenty- two one's views on mankind aud one's knowledge of its deficiencies are not generally so matured." Kate coloured ap to the very roots of her hair. 41 Yea," she said, after a pause, while her voice quivered slightly. 44 you are right. I bare bees unfortunate in my experience, but please do not let ns talk about it." 44 Here, Terry !" cried Colonel Clinker to his friend, with ready tact, seeing the conver sation evidently began to distress her, 44 come to the rescue, -and help me to. defend myself against this young lady's shafts of : sarcasm.. We men as a body have been catching it terribly hot all round. CuTt yon say some thing neat on our behalf? I never came out head of the d&ss; in argument, but you're a real tiptopper at it." «I should not dream of contradicting a lady," said Mr. M'Gratb politely, in answer tothisapped. 44 Bless their dear hearts! I love them all !" Which amorous sentiment, delivered at tbe top of hie voice, with a hearty expansion of lung, forthwith created so much amusement that the conversation once more became general, until Mrs. Forrester made a sign for the ladies to retire by nodding her head at tbe end of the table, and thereby causing her cap to lose its equilibrium and to roll sideways on to the floor. 44 Now you young men," said she impres sively, as she dived under the mahogany in search of the missing article, and suddenly came in contact with Mr. M'Grath, bent on a similar errand, 44 you're to make haste, and not sit drinking mid smoking aU tbe rest of the evening. We. want you to amuse us, and not /onrrh tt for once in a way, and if everybody is agreeable we can play a round game of cards by-and-bye." The gentlemen, thos admonished, made the most solemn promises not even to allow tbe charms of tobacco, wine, and anecdote to detain them, which promises they, for a wonder, kept nobly, appearing in about a quarter of an hour. Meanwhile Mrs. Forrester bad not been idle. With the assistance of the two girls she cleared the centre table of its books and covering, end placed four Bhaded candles in their etoad, ready for a start. In thorough harmony with the sporting side of her character, the old lady dearly loved a quiet 14 gamble," and so long as it did not go beyond a certain limit, it afforded her the Heartiest satisfaction to win small amounts from her friends, though (hat satisfac tion was a trifle less apparent when she herself was called upon to disburse. 44 Can you and Miss Whi thread play nap or poker?" she inquired of (he two girls/ 44 They are our great games, though I set my face agaiust anything higher than threepenny points. ShU, these are exciting enough." 44 1 don't think Mary knows either game," eaid Kate, answering for both. 44 As for myself, I have played a few times only, just sufficient to master the first very elementary rules, and to appreciate the value of a flush or full hand." 44 Ah, I see you are an j'oU, aud any little mistake you commit some ol the gentlemen will easily coriect. Mr. Grahame," addressing that individual, who was shyly wanning the small of his back before the fire and caressing au in visible flaxen moustache with great solicitude, "you'll bank with Mits Whitbread, won't you?" The Chirper thus appealed to started vio lently, turned crimson with confusion, but expressed his extreme willingness to assent to the proposal. Ho had Btt by alary >Yhitbread's side during dinner, and had been fairly astonished at his own garrulity. For once he had come across a girl who did net alarm or set her cap at biui, but who listened with becoming attention to his every utterance, aud who attended to the nairative of his personal affairs with nn interest as genuine as it was charming. The young people had no objection whatever to being paired off ct cards, and began counting their counters with amicable gravity. Not 60 Kate, who when asked by Mrs. Forrester if she would condescend to play with Colonel Clinker, said iu the most marked manner— 44 Thank you, Mrs. Forrester, I prefer my indepcndeuce and dislike all partnerships, pre ferring to stand or fall alone." 4> Miss Browser is quite right," raid he ironi cally, 44 alliances are always to be avoided, esnecially between people to dissimilar iu cha racter as ourselves. \\\ e sbonld fight like cat aud dog ovr some miserable rubbishy hand. We two aro better apart." There was no getting over him. Every remark she made he promptly capped, and hitherto she bad betu decidedly worsted iu each separate encounter. t( Yes, far better apart," ehe said with a toss of the head. "It is fortunate that for once we agree." 44 Most fortunate,1' be echoed, but inwardly he exclaimed, 44 deuce take the girl ! What the devil docs she mean with her partnership V Does she suppose I want to force myself upon her, or is it aolhtug but her infernal conceit?" And Kate, on her &ide;, thought. 44 1 never met anyone eo horribly sarcastic in all my life. I don't like him oue bit, and yet he can be nioe enough when he chooses. However, since be evidently wishes for war— war let it be to Ihe koifc." So the two antagonists sat and glowered at each other across the green baize cloth, and played on all sorts of foolish hands, just for the sake of opposition. Bat when the game came to an end, and they counted up their losses, the gain to neither party had been great. 44 1 think we'd better consent to bury the hatclict next time we play poker together,' said Colouel Clinker. "Weebouldhave bron clean broke bad wo gone on at this rate, and had it not beeu for the limit." The girlB had declared they must bo going, and be made the above remark in an undertone when he followed them into the hail, and helped Kate ou with her cloak. Ilis voice sounded soft in her care. It bad a peculiar timbre which touched her in spite of herself, and he looked so thoroughly manly aud gentlemanly as ho stood there, pretending to fumble over her cloak, that fib'- said iu replv, with all the indifference she could assume - 44 Very well, we will avoid the bankruptcy court if possible, else our creditors might have a rough time of it." Was it not an unfortunate coincidence that these two, even although unintentionally, al ways contrived to wound each other on their tenderest points. Kate had been innocent of any evil intention, neverthe less Jack Clinker's feelings were sorely hurt by what be imagined was marked refer ence to his pecuniary difficulties. 44 That was a nasty speech, Miss Browser," he said coldly, 44 You don't like my advice, for the third time this evening I tender it. You are fond of hitting the right nail on the head, but take care you don't get into the habit of striking it too hard. It's an evil and un kind practice, apt to grow unawares upon those who indulge in it." And nuw suddenly she remembered what Mrs. Forrester bad told her of hie financial embarrassments, aud tho construction ho had evidently put upon her words grew clear to ber mind. 4,Oh !" she cried hastily, while a flush of shame dyed her face, "I did not meun it. I'm so Borry— so awfully aoriy. \V ill you ever for- give me r" , His brow cleared at once. 44 Never mind," be said, in quite-a different tone. 44 It was my fault. 41 I'm a stupid fool, to be so huffj\ Gaod-bye, Miss Browser," He banded her into the carriage, shut the door, aud then added persuasively. 44 You'll let me come and see you, won't yon r" She could not have told herselfwh.it was the instinct that induced her too look him straight in tho face with a Bmile and say 44 Yes." After all he could he nice when ho chose : and though Bhe was in no danger of falling h victim to hi fascinations, she beiraii to umteratnnri that Mrs. Forrester had spoken truly when she declared Jack Clinker to be a dangerous man. She had not acted quite as she had iutended throughout the evening. But there was no fear of his proving dangerous to ber— not the least That was quite a different thing. Meantime Mr. M'Grath was holding a pri vate conference with his friend Mrs. Forrester. 44 \Yell," said he, in an anxious whisper, 44 how do you think they aro getting on? It struck me' it was rather a slap in the face for poor Jack when she turned round and told bim 6he detested partnerships I What do you sup pose she meant by it ?" 44 Oh, nothing," answered Mrs. Forrester, soothingly. 44 She runs a bit contrary, that's all. Don't like the whip. Jack was pretty free with the lash, you know, and she showed some temper. Nothing more than might havo been expected, however." tVhicn declaration was a highly magnani mous one, seeing that Mra. Forrester had not imparted to Mr. McGratli the manner in which she had betrayed bis confidences. 44 But do you think matters are progressing aatbfactoiilv?" said he. 44 Admirably; how could they possibly be going on better ? Why, they did nottiag the whole evening but spar and quarrel like two great overgrown babies who could not leave each other alone. What on earth would you have more?" 14 1 don't know. Do you call squabbling a good sign ?" i4A good sign? Yes, cextainlj; I telly ou it's aeapital one !" 14 Don't you consider it looks somewhat like a case of mutoal aversion r" 44 Terry, you're really a very simple indi vidual. I tell you it's no such thing. It's the law of attraction and gravitation which makes warring elements unite. Why, where's your natural history, man r" 44 Well," said Terry, but half-convinced) 44 you may be right. You're a clever woman, Mrs. Forrester ; but it's not the way the boys do their oourting in Ireland. Live-making there u done at the first intent, so to apeak, and does not require aU this beating about the bush ana groping in suDterr&neaii; alleys. "Subterranean alleys! What nonsense you're talking, Terry." 44 XUa true, though all the same. - In our country the bovs make up to the girls in a straightforward fashion, and give them a slap ping good kiss on the cheek without all this roundabout Sort of pa'aver." 41 And a slapping good snub Jack would get for his pains if he were to try that game on. No, no, Terry, make up your mind that your countrymen's conduct canoot be implicitly followed on all occasions ; and believe, besides, that most women are not won in that plough- boy manner. They like what you call 4 round about palaver.' " 44 Well, it beats me altogether, and I give it up as a bad job. AU I can say is, appearances are not entirely satisfactory." 41 And I tell yon the appearances are exceed ing satisfactory, could not be more so, iu fact; and that you know no more about tbe ways of 4 a man and a maid' than my old tabby cat there," pointing to one on the rug. With which remark she bade him farewell ; and, having turned ber guests out of doors, retired to rest, well pleased with what she considered had proved a most successful evening. The Honble. Jack Clinker, at all times subject to curious fancies, took it into his head to walk home, and firmly declined the com panionship even of Mr. M'Gratb. Sj he put oo nis greatcoat, lighted a cigar, aud trudged away steadily. The yellow moon shone like a clear sphere in the dark heavens, anon brighten ing all the landscape, and making the trees and hmlgerowa stand out in delicate silhouette, again hiding away behind a mass of heavy cloud, while tbs merry stars twinkled and played at hide and seek in their far-off homes. 44 Only twenty-two/' said he, pursuing & train of reflection evidently uppermost in bis thoughts, 44 and bates partnerships! Dash it all ! It's not natural at tout ace to talk like a woman of the world. She said her experience had beu unfortunate. I wonder bow and in what way F I'd give a pony to know the story of her life. She must have been disappointed or badly treated some time or other. Perhaps it was oomed— — dfdlow, whichis the reason she's bo awfully hard on tbe rest of us. Poor little soul ! How pretty she looked whou she was laying down the law. She reminded me of a snowdrop in ber white frock, and her eves eparkled just like two jewels. Talk of dolls, indeed ! There's mighty little of tbe doll about her ! Whata spirit she has got, and— yes—" with a smile, ' what a tongue as well. Nevermind, after all she means no harm by it, and her heart is in the right place. I don't think your miik-and- watery creature would suit me in the leng run. One soon tires of them, just as she said. Now there would he no sameness, no monotony about ber. She'd keep a Innn up to the mark, and prevent his wits from wool-gathering. Why, she made even w?s— UZ— Jack Clinker— feel inclined to turn over a new loaf, and regret tbe past. I wonder, now, whether it would be possible to begin a fresh and kick cleat of the old groovo ? Things can't last much longer a they're doing. A smash sooner or Uteris inevitable. Pshaw! whata fo.l 1 am to be sure! Icin't think what's come tome to-night, or what has put such ideas into my bead. It'e rot likely a girl of Miss Browser's wealth, surrounded, too, with every luxury, would ever core for a poor devil liko myself. Euough of such nonsense. These confounded siais snake a fellow maudlin." He puffed rigorously at bis cigar, and looked : up into the cool, dork sky. Tho soft night air. laden with moisture, kissed his cheek, and seomcd to lull his reuses to rest. The peace of nature ehed her charm around bim, sinking petty every-day worries and actions into triviality. 44 What an awfully jolly eveoing!1' he soliloquised once more, knocking the ash away from liis nearly smoked Havann&h.; 44 It makes one feci 'inclined to wander about all night, dreaming of half-fledged thoughts and wishes. Were it not for tbat bothering mouer I have everything a man could want— good rither, position, health, friends, and spirit— snd yet, every now and again there seems to crop up a curious void, just as there did this evening. I wouder what il is, and why on earth that girl in her white frock made such an impression upon me. Heigh-ho ! It's a funny, unsatisfactory world in many ways And with this unoriginal conclusion to bis moralising, Jack Clinker found himself stand by his own ball-door, which he entered with a latch-key, and making & bad headache on ex cuse for not sitting up to the small hours of tbe morning discussing <ne eveniog's events over a brandy and soda with Terence M'Grath, be went up-atsirs at once. He did not care to listen to bis friend's opinions of "that smart young woman in white." He could fancy Tprry using the very words ; and he wee iu one of those fastidious, "uncertain moods when com ments are apt to be distasteful, and therefore uugraciously received, and when one's feelings arc so highly strung that chaff irritates and banter jars. Those "confounded stars ' had certoiuly a good deal to answer for. («0 BE QOSmNUKD.) 