The Sorceress.* [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. Author of "The Son of his Father," "The Chronicles of Carlingford," "The Rose in June," " The Greatest Heiress in England," "Whiteladies," "Within the Precinets," "It was a Lover and his Lass," "Adam Graeme," &c.;, &c.; Chapters I. and ll.—At a pretty little German watering-place are staying Mrs. Kingsward and her family, one of whom, Boe, the pet sister, is proposed to by Mr. Aubrey Leigh, an interesting young widower by Mr. Aubrey Leigh, an interesting young widower who has been Introduced to the family. A previous Buitor, Captain Kreutzner, had not proposed when Mr. Leigh suddenly appeared and captured Boo's maidenly heart. Mr. Leigh had just buried his infant daughter. At Leigh Court was staying a Miss Lance, who oould not he persuaded to leave, as nho had been requested by Mrs. Leigh never to forsake her child. Aubrey Leigh thereforo left on his travels which ended in his proposal to Bee. This young lady ono afternoon entered into conversation with an nnknown lady in one of th<> many woods in Germany, and after some talk about the visitors which included the intro duction of Mr. Leigh's name the unknown stranger remarks with a Uuyh, " Oh! I think I can see how matters stand with Aubrey L :igh." CIUPTKII 111. It was jtiit two days after the interview in the wood described above that the Kingsward party got under way for home, accompanied, I need not say, by Aubrey Leigh. Bee had not told him of that chance meeting, restrained I do not know by what indefinite feeling that he would not care to heur of it, and also by tho sensation that sho had as good aa told the lady. * Tho poll' vi^iit of publication In Qnocnsland of "Tho Hon rr<-s." h.vi luvm pnreh-.tscd by the Brisbane NoWßpaiM'i' t_".'• r-7■ n> I.j'iiiicJ. who was so very disagreeable and impertinent as to laugh, what ohange had taken place in Aubrey's sentiments, and what she had herself to do with that ohange. It was so silly; oh, bo silly of her! and yet she had said nothing or next to nothing, and there was no reason why she should not have said whatever she pleased now that the engagement was fully acknow ledged and known; indeed, if that woman were in any sooiety at all she must have heard of it, seeing that, as Bee was aware, not without pleasure, it had afforded a very agreeable diversion te the floating community, a pleasant episode in the tittle-tattle of the gardens and the wells. Bee had no absurd objection to being talked of. She knew that in her condi tion of life, whioh was so entirely satisfactory as a condition, everything that concerned a family was talked over and universally known. It was a thing inevitable to a certain position, and a due homage of society to its members. But somehow she did not mention it to Aubrey, nor, indeed, to any one, whioh was a very un usual amount of retioence. She did not even give him the sketch, though it was finished. She had been quite grateful for that person's hints at the time, and eagerly had taken advan tage of them to improve her drawing; but it seemed to her, when she looked at it now, that it was not her own at all, that the other hand was so visible in it that it would be almost dishonest to oall it hers. This, of course, was wholly fantastic, for even supposing that person to have given valuable hints, she had never •touched the sketch, and Bee alone had oarried them out. But, anyhow, her heart sickened at it, and she thrust it away at the very bottom of the box that Moulsey was packing. She had no desire to see the horrid thing again. In a day or two, however, Bee had altogether forgotten that interview in the wood. She had so many other things to occupy her mind. There were few railways in those days, and the party bad a long way to travel before they came to Cologne, where that method of travel ling began. They all felt that common life would recommence there and their delightful wandering would be over. In the meantime there was a long interval of pleasure before them. The early breakfast nt the hotel in the first hours of the autumnal morning, the fun of packing every one away in the big coach, the books to be brought out to fill up corners, both of time and space, and " Murray"—then alone in his glory with no competitive Ameri can, no Badaeker, no Joanne, to share his reign—spread out open at the right place, so that mamma inside should be able to lay her finger at onoe upon any village or castle that struck her —and above all the contrivances to be oarried out for securing the banquette, as Bee Baid, " for ourselves": made a lively begin ning. Charlie and Betty sometimes managed to secure this favourite plaoe if the attention of the others flagged for a moment, and though mfcmma generally interposed with a nod or a whisper to restore it to the privileged pair, sometimes she was mischievous too, and consented to their deprivation, and desired them for once to keep her company inside. She generally, however, repented of this before the day was over, and begged that their favourite seat might be restored to them. "For they are really no fun at all," the poor lady said. " I might as well have two images from Madame Tussaud's." It had been a little hard upon Aubrey at the moment of their departure to find half the garrison round the carriage, and bouquets enough to fill * separate vehiole thrust into every corner, the homage of those warriors to the gracious ladies. He had been very cross, and had made a great exhibition of himself, especially when Captain Kreutzner's fagot of forget-me-nots tied with a ribbon like that on Bee's hat had been presented with indescri bable looks. What did the fellow mean by bringing forget-me-nots ? He wanted to pitoh it out of ths window as soon they were fairly started. " What an idiotic custom 1" he cried. "What do the fools think you want with such loads of flowers when you are starting on a journey?" " Why, it is just then you do want them," cried Betty, who had a dozen or so to her own share, " to smell sweet and show us how much our friends think of us." " They will not smell sweet very long; and then what will your friends think of you?" said the angry lover. Was it possible that Bee was detaching a little knot of the blue flowers to put in her waistband ? Bee, Bee 1 his own property, who bad no right so muoh as to look at another man's flowers! And what did she do, seeing the cloud upon his faoe, but arrange another little bouquet, whioh, with her sweetest smile— the little coquette—she endeavoured to put into his, Aubrey's, buttonhole 1 lie snatched them out of her hand in a sort of fury. "Do you want me never to forget that heavy brute of a German ?" he cried in his indignation. " You may put him near your heart, but I should like to kick him 1" These very natural sentiments made Bee laugh—which was cruel; but then poor Captain Kreutzner had been blotted out of her life some time ago, and knew his fate, and had really no right whatever to present her •with these particular flowers. His lovely bouquet with its blue ribbon was given to a girl in the first village, and awakened the still moro furious jealousy of another swain who was less easily appeased than Aubrey; but this ricochet was not thought of by the first and principal pair. There were not perhaps so many remarkable features in that journey as if it had been through Italy. There were great plains to traverse where the chief sights were cottages and farmhouseß, women going by with great loads of freshly cut grass full of flovfers on their heads, fodder for the home dwelling cow —or men oarrying their hops clinging to the •pole, to be pioked at home, or long straggling branohes of the tobacco plant; and in the even ing the postillion would whip up his horses, and Charlie in the banquette or John, tho man servant, in the rumble, tootle upon a horn, which the former had acquired clandestinely before the party set out, as they dashed through a village or little town with lighted windows, affording them many a flying peep of the domestic life of those tranquil places. And in the middle of the day they stopped to rest somewhere, where the invariable veal was to be found at some guest-house a little better than the ordinary, where perhaps a bigger village stood with all its high peaked roofs aoross a little tranquil stream: and at night rattled into an old walled town with shadowy high houses which belonged to the fourteenth century, and had not ohanged a whit since that time. There they stayed a day or two, vary ing the confinement of the ooaoh by a course through everything that was to be seen, setting out in a party through the roughly paved streets, but parting company before long, so that Aubrey and Bee would find themselves alone in the shelter of a ohurch or in an insignificant corner by the walls, while the others pursued their sightseeing conscien tiously. "As for me, what I like is the general aspect." said Bee with an air of superiority. " I don't care to poke into every corner; and Aubrey knows tho history, which is the chief thing." "Are they talking all the time of the hißtory?" said Betty, overawed. But this, perhaps, was not the opinion of Charlie and mamma. No; they did not oare very much for the history. People are bad travellers in that stage of life. They are too muoh interested in their own history. They went about like a pair of Philistines through all these anoient streets, talking of nothing but the things of today. The most serious part of their talk was about the home in the depths of England in whioh they were henceforth to spend their lives. Aubrey had ideas about re furnishing—about making everything new. It would be impossible to tell the reader how bad was the taste of the time, and with what terrible articles of furniture he proposed to replace the Bpindle legs and marquetry of his grandfathers. But then these things were the fashion, and supposed to be the best things of the time. To hear them talking of sofas and curtains, and of the colour for the boudoir and the hangings of the drawing- room in the midst of all those graceful old places wa9 inconceiv able. You would have said the stupidest, most unimpressionable pair, talking of ugly modern English furniture, when they should have been noting the old world of Nuremberg— the unchanging mediaeval city! But you must remember that the furniture was only a symbol for their love and their new life, and all the blessedness of being together and the endless delights of every day. The sofas and the cur tains meant the Vita Nuova, and there furnishing of the old house a beautiful fabric of all the honour and the joy of life. Then came the great river and the progress down its shining stream and between those beautiful banks, where again they made several pauses to enjoy the scenery. The Rhine is not now the river it was then. It was still the great river of romance in those days—Byron had been there, and the young people remembered Roland and his tower, with his love in the white convent opposite; and felt a shudder at the thought of the Lorelei as they floated under the high and gloomy bank. I doubt, however, whether the lovers thought much even of these things. They were busy just now about the gardens, which Bee was fully minded to remodel and fill with everything that was new and delightful in the way of flowers. "I shall have masses of colour about the terrace, and every spot covered. I wonder whioh you like best, majolioa vases or rustio baskets?" Bee was saying when her mother called her to point out the Platz and Bishop Hatto's tower. " Oh, yes, mamma, it's very pretty. But you like clematis, Aubrey, for the balustrade—to wind in and out of the pillars. Yes, yes, I can see it well enough. I like every kind of clematis, even the common one, the traveller's joy—and it would hang down, you know, over that old bit of wall you told me of. Do go forward, Aubrey, and let them see you are taking an interest. Ido see it all quite well, and it is very romantic, and we are quite enjoy ing it I oan assure you, mamma." This was how they made their way down stream: in the moonlight nights they ceased to talk of practical matters, and went baok to the little history of their loves. "Do you remember, Bee, that first time in the wood " " Oh, Aubrey, don't you recollect that drive coming back in the dark—before I knew " "But you always did know from the very beginning, Bee." "Well, perhaps I suspeotod—and used to think " " You darling, what did you think ?—and did you really care—as early as that ?" They went on like this whatever happened outside, giving a careless glance at the heights, at the towers, at the robbers' castle above aud the little villages below; not so muoh as look ing at them and yet remembering them ever after, enclosing tho flow of their young lives, as it were, in that strong flowing of the Rhine, noting nothing and yet seeing everything with the double sight which people possess at the highest moment and crisis of their oareor. They oame at length to Cologne, where this enchanted voyage was more or less to end. To be sure they were still to be together; but only in the railway, with all the others round them, hearing more or less what they said. They said good-bye to the Rhine with a little senti ment, a delightful little sadness full of pleasure. "Shall we ever be so happy again?" said Bee with a sigh. "Oh yes, my sweet, a hundred times, and happier, and happier," said the young man; and thus they were assured it was to be. I don't think any of them ever forgot that arrival at Cologne. They came into sight of the town just in the evening, when the last glow of sunset was still burning upon the great river, but lights beginning to show in the windows and glimmering reflected in the water. The cathedral was not completed then, and a crane like somo strange weird animal stood out against the sky upon the top of the tower. The hotel to which they were going had a covered terrace upon the river with lights gleaming through the green leaves. They deoided they would have their table there, and dine with all that darkling panorama before their eyes through the veil of foliage, the glowing water, the boats moving and passing, with now and then a raft coming down from the upper stream, and the bridge of boats opening to give passage to a fuming fretting steamboat. Aubrey and Bee went hand in hand up the steps, nobody noticed in the half dark how olose they were together. They parted with a olose pres sure of warm hands. "Don't be long, darling," be said, as they parted: only for a moment, only to prepare a little for the evening, to Blip into a fresh dress, to take out a new ribbon, to make one's youth ful self as fair as Buoh unnecessary adjuncts permitted. For what did Aubrey oare for a new ribbon? The only blue he thought of was that in Bee's eyes. I do not think she was more than ten minutes over these little changes. She dressed like a flash of lightning, Betty said, who oould not find her own things half so quickly, Moulsey being oooupiedwith mamma. Suoh a short moment not worth counting 1 and yet enough, more than enough, to ohange a whole life. Bee ran down as light as air to the sitting room whioh had been engaged for the party. She felt sure that Aubrey would hurry too, so as to have a word before dinner, before the rest were ready—as if the whole day had not been one long word, running through everything. She oame lightly to the door of the room in her fresh frock and her blue ribbons, walking on air, knowing no shadow of any obstacle before her or cloud upon the joyful triumphant sky. She did not even hear the sound of the subdued voices, the faint little sob, strangest of all sounds at suoh a moment, whioh seemed to come out to meet her as she opened the door. Bee opened it wondering only if Aubrey were there, think ing of sdme jibe to address to him about the length of time men took to their toilettes if she happened to be ready first. She was very much startled by what she saw. Her mother, still in her travelling dress, sat by the table with a letter open in her hands. She had not made any preparation for dinner —she, usually so daiuty, so anxious to get rid of the cloaks and of the soils of the journey. She had taken up her hat, whioh lay on the table, but was still enveloped in the shawl which she had put on to keep off the evening chills. As for Aubrey, he was exactly as he had been when they parted with him, exoept that all the light had gone out of his face. He was very pale, and he too had a letter in his hand. He uttered a stifled exclamation when he saw Bee at tbe door, and lifting his arms as though in protest against something intolerable, walked away to the other end of the room. " Oh, Bee," said Mrs. Kingsward. " Oh, go away, my dear, go away! I mean Get something to eat, you and Charlie, and Betty, and then get to bed. Get to bed! lam too tired to take anything, and am going upstairs at once." " I thought you had been upstairs, mamma, half an hour ago. What is the matter? You look like a ghost, and so does Aubrey. Has anything happened? Mamma, you won't look at me, and Aubrey turns his back. What have I done ? Is it anything about me ?" " What nonsense, child!" said Mrs Kings ward with a pretence at a smile. "What could you have to do with it ? We have both —Mr. Leigh and myself—found letters, and we are busy reading them. I am sure the dinner must be served. We ordered it in tbe baloony, don't you remember? Run away and make Charlie and Betty sit down at onoe. I am too tired. Moulsey will run down in a little aud get something for me." " Mamma," said Bee, " you cannot make up a story. Something has happened, I am sure of it; and it is something about me." " Nonsense, child! go away and have your dinner. I would come if I could. Don't you see what a budget of letters I have got? and some of them I must answer to-night." "Have you letters too, Aubrey?" said Bee in her amazement, standing still as she had paused, arrested by the sight of them, just within the door. "Bee, I must beg you will not put any questions; go and do what I tell you: your brother and sister will be coming downstairs. Yes, of course, you oan see that Mr. Leigh has his letters to read as well as I." " Mr. Leigh! I wonder if we have all gone mad, or what is the matter ? Aubrey! tell me, you at least, if mamma won't. You must have had a quarrel. Mamma, why do you call him Mr. Leigh?" " Oh, for goodness sake, Bee, go, go away." " I am not going away," oried the girl. " You have had a quarrel about something. Come, mamma, you must not quarrel with Aubrey—if he has done something wrong or said something silly I will answer for him, he never intended it. Aubrey, what do mean, sir ? turning your baok both on mamma and me? Come here, quick, and ask her pardon, and say you will never do it again." Poor little Bee's heart was fluttering, but she would not allow herself to believe there was anything really wrong. She went close up to her mother, and stood by her, with a hand upon her Bhoulder. "Aubrey!" she said, " never mind if you are wrong or not, come and beg mamma's pardon, and she will forgive you. There must not—there mußt not—oh, it is too ridiculous! —be anything wrong between mamma and you. Aubrey!" He turned round slowly and faced them both with a face so pale that Bee Btopped short with a gasp, and could not say a word more. Mrs. Kingsward had buried her face in her hands. Bee looked from one to another with a dismay whioh she could not explain to herself. "Oh, what is the matter? What is the matter?" she said. Chapter IV. There was no merry dinner that night in the veranda of the hotel under the clinging wreaths of green. Mrs. Kingsward went up to her room still with her heavy shawl about her shoulders whioh she had forgotten, though it added some thing to her discomfort—followed by Bee, pale and rigid, offering no help, following her mother like an angry shadow. Charlie and Betty met them on the stairs and stood aside in consternation, unable to conceive what had happened. Mrs. Kingsward gave them a sort of troubled smile and said: " Get your dinner, dears, don't wait for üb. I am too tired to come down to-night." '•But, mamma——" they both began in remonstrance. "Go down and get your dinner," said Mrs. Kingsward peremptorily. As for Bee she did not look at them at all. Her eyes were fierce with some sentiment whioh Betty oould not divine, and angry, blazing as if tbey might have set light to the hotel. Little Betty pressed against Charlie's Bide as they went down Btartled and alarmed. "Bee has had a quarrel with mamma," she whispered in tones of awe. " That's impossible," said Charlie. " Oh, no, it's not impossible. There was once——" It comforted them both a little in the awful cir cumstances that such a thing had perhaps happened before. Tbey went very silently and. much cast down to that table in the veranda, whither obsequious waiters beckoned them, and contemplated with dismay all the plates laid, all the glitter of the lamps and the glasses. " I suppose we must not wait for them as they said bo," said Charlie, Bitting down in his plaoe at the bottom of the table. " Tell Mr. Leigh—that is the other gentleman—that we are ready." "The other gentleman, sir," said the waiter, who was the pride of the establishment for his English, " have gone out." " Gone out!" said Charlie. He could only stare at Betty and she at him, not knowing what to think. "He have had his letters too, sir," said the waiter in a significant tone. His letters! what could that have to do with it ? Charlie also had bad his letters, one of them a bill whioh he did not view with any satisfac tion ; but even at 21 a man already learns to disguise his feelings, and sits down to dinner cheerfully though he has reoeived a bill by the post. Charlie's mind at first oould not perceive any connection between Bee's withdrawal upstairs and Aubrey's disappearance. It was Betty who suggested, sitting down very close to hira, that it looked as if Aubrey and Bee had quarrelled too. " Perhaps that is what it is," she said, as if she had found out a satisfactory reason, " lovers always quarrel; and mamma will have taken Aubrey's part, and Bee will be so angry, and feel as if she could nevor forgive him. There, that is what it must be." " A man may quarrel with his sweetheart," said Charlie severely, "but he needn't spoil other people's dinner for that" ; however, they com forted themselves that this was the most likely explanation, and that all would come right iv the morning. And they wero very young and hungry, having eaten nothing since the veal at 1 o'olook. And these two made on the whole a very satisfactory meal. The scene upstairs was very different. Mrs. Kingsward sent Moulsey away on pretence of getting her some tea, and then turned to her daughter who stood by tbe dressing table and stared blankly, without seeing anything, into those mysterious depths of the glass which are bo suggestive to people in trouble. She said faintly, "Bee—l would so muoh rather you would not ask me any more questions to night." " That is," said Bee, " you would like to send me away to be miserable by myself without even knowing what it is, while you will take your sleeping draught and forget it. How can you be so selfish, mamma ? And you have made my Aubrey join in the conspiracy against me—my Aubrey that belongs to me as papa does to you. If you are against us, it is all very well, though I can't imagine why you should be against us—but at least you need not interfere between Aubrey and me." " Oh, my dear child, my poor darling!" said Mrs. Kingsward, wringing her hands. "It is all very well to call me your poor ohild when it is you that are making me poor," said Bee. She kept moving a little first on one foot, then on the other, but always gassing into the glass, which presented the image of an excited girl vory pale hot lit up with a sort of blaze of indignation and unable to keep still. It was not that girl's face, however, that Bee was gazing at, but at the dim world of Bpace beyond, in whioh there were faint far away reflections of the light and the world. J' And if you think you will get rid of me like this and hang me up till to-morrow without knowing what it is you are mistaken, mamma. I will not leave you until you have told me. What is it? What has papa got in his head? What does he say in that horrid—horrid letter ? I wish I had known when I gave it to you. I should have thrown it into the river instead of ever letting it come into your hands." " Bee, you must know this passion is very wrong and very improper. You ought not to face me like that, and demand an answer. I am your mother," said Mrs. Kingsward, but with a falter which was all unlike that assumption of authority; " and I have no need to tell you anything more than I think is for your good." " Ah! I know where that comes from," cried Bee; " that's papa's thunder! that's what he has told you to say! You don't believe your self that you have a right to bang up a poor girl over some dreadful, dreadful abysß; when she was so happy and never suspected any thing." Here Bee's voice faltered for a moment, but she quickly recovered herself. "And to drag her away from the one person that oould support her, and to out the ground from under her feet, and never to tell her what it means!" It was at this point that Moulsey, with a little discreet oough to herald her approach, came into the room, bearing a tray with tea, and a little cover from whioh came a faint but agreeable odour. Mrs. Kingsward was in great trouble about her child, but she was muoh exhausted and in want of physioal support, and it did seem to her hard that she might not be permitted to eat the smallest of outlets before embarking on a Bcene such as she knew this would be. Oh, why didn't papa come and say it himself, when there was so much that was dreadful to say? " Shall I fetch something for Miss Bee too ?" said MouUey. "It ain't a good thing for a young creature to go without her dinner. If she's not going down, ma'am, as would be much the best, I'll just run and fetch a little some thing for Miss Bee too." "Indeed, indeed, Bee, Moulsey is right. I Think how miserable the others will feel all alone, and thinking something has happened. Do go down, darling, and strengthen yourself with a little food, and take a glass of wine just for onoe to please me. And after that you shall be told everything—all that I know." Bee grew paler and paler, standing there before the glass, and her eyes blazed more and more. "Itis as bad as that, then !" she said nnder her breath to herself, and then went away from where she was standing to the further end of the room. " I shall wait here, mamma, till you have had your tea. I know you want it. Oh, go away, Moulsey! Let me alone! No, you shall not bring me anything or, if you do, I will throw it out of the window, she said, stamping her foot. The dark end of the room seemed suddenly lighted up by a sort of aurora borealis with the fire of poor Bee's burning eyes, and the flashes here and there of her white frock—oh poor white frock! put on in the sunshine of life and happiness to please her love, and now turned into a sort of sacri ficial robe! " Take it away, Moulsey; I can't eat anything —I can't indeed—no more than Miss Bee " "But you must, ma'am," said Moulsey. " Miss Bee's young; she's had nothing to drain away her strength. But it's far different with you, after all your family and so weak as you are. If Miss Bee were a real good girl, as I always thought her, she'd go away and get something herself just for her poor mamma's sake, and leave you alone for a moment to get a little peace and rest." " There is no rest for me," murmured the poor lady. " Oh, papa, papa, why didn't you oome and tell them yourstlf ?" These piteous tones went to Bee's heart. They moved her half with contempt, half with compassion—with something of that high in dignant toleration of weakness which is one kind of pity. If mamma oould eat and drink at suoh a moment, why shouldn't she be left to do it? The girl started up and left the room in the quiok flashing impulse of her passion. She walked up and down in the corridor outside, her arms folded over her high beating tumultuous heart. Yes, no doubt she was going to be miserable, all her happiness was cut down and withered away; but in her present passionate impulse of resistance and gathering of all her forces to resist the catas trophe, which she did not understand, it oould soaroely be said that she was wretched yet. What was it ? what was it? she was saying to herself. It might still be something that would pass away, which would be overcome by the determined impassioned stand against it whioh Bee felt that it was in her to make. The thing that was worst of all, that stole away her oourage, was that Aubrey had failed ber. He should have been there by her side whatever happened. He ought not to have abandoned her. No doubt he thought it was more delicate, more honourable, more some thing or other; and that it was his duty to leave her to brave it alone. It must have been one of those high-flown notions of honour that men have. Honour! to leave a girl to fight for herself and him, alone—but, no doubt, that was what had seemed right in his eyes. Bee walked up and down in the half-lighted passage, sometimes almost pushing _ against some one going up or down, waiters or chambermaids, or surprised guests, who looked after her when she had passed; but she did not take any notice of them, and she heard as she passed her mother's door little sounds of teacups and dishes, and Moulsey's voice say ing, "A little more," and her mother's faint replies. Poor mamma! After all, whatever it was, it oould not be her affair as it was Bee's. She would be unhappy about it, but not all unhappy. She had the others, who were all right. She had papa. It would not shatter her to pieces even if one of the ohildren was to be Bhipwrecked. It was the shipwrecked one only who would be broken to nieces. For tbe first time in her life Bee felt the poignant sensation, the jealous pride, the high desolate satisfaction of suffering: the others could all eat and do the ordinary things. She was elevated over all that, silent as on a peak in Darien. She felt almost a kind of dreadful pleasure in the situation, smiling to herself at the sounds of her mother's little meal. She could dine while Bee was miserable. They could all dine, Charlie (whioh was natural), Betty, even Aubrey. She had no doubt that he too must be seated, feeling as a man does that dinner must go on whatever happens, at the table downstairs. After a while, which seemed a long time to Bee, Moulsey came out with the tray. She was startled, and exclaimed under her breath at the appearance of the girl walking up and down in the corridor: " I did think you would have had the sense to go and join the others, Miss Bee." Bee was too much uplifted, too distant on her high pinnacle of martyrdom to make any reply, but when Mouteey ventured to add a word of advice to the effect that she must be careful of her mamma, and not weary her with questions, and she bo tired and so weak, the girl flashed forth all her heart of in dignation. " She has eaten her cutlet it appears," cried Bee. "I should think she may answer my questions." " Oh," cried tho maid, who had the privileges of an old servant. " You have got a heart without pity. You are just like your papa 1" Bee swept past her into the room, where poor Mrs. Kingsward, who after all had eaten but a morsel, sat lying baok in an easy chair await ing the dreadful conflict which she knew was coming. Poor lady, she had lost all her bright ness, that pretty grace of the young mother among her grown-up children which prompted so many compliments. She lay back in her easy obair, feeling, as she said, " any age"—aa old as any woman on the edge of the grave, not knowing how she was to bear the onslaught that was coming, and how she was to say what had to be said. He had borne it far better than Bee, poor Aubrey, poor Aubrey! whom Bhe must not call Aubrey any more. He had not denied anything, he had fallen as it were at her feet like a house that had been under mined, and had no sound foundations; but Bee was different. Bee was a tower that had foundations—a girl that was able to stand up even to papa; and why, why had he not come to give forth bis sentence in bis own way ? Bee came forward flashing into the light, in that white fror.k which shone, and with those eyes that biased through all the neutral tints in the room. She did not -Bit down, whioh would have been a little relief, bnt seized a chair and stood with her hand upon the back, leaning upon it. -" I hope, mamma," she said, pitiless, " that you liked your tea, and ate something—and that you are better now." " Oh, Bee!" oried the poor lady. If there is one reproach more dreadful than another it is this of being able to eat when you ought to be overwhelmed with trouble. Mrs. Kingsward could scarcely keep from crying at the imputa tion. And Bee, I fear, knew that this was the unkindest thing that could be said. " Now, mamma," she resumed almost stonily, "it is time that you should tell me what has happened. We arrived here all quite happy it is just an hour ago——" Here Bee's voice shook a little, but she commanded it with an effort. "I ran up to dress for dinner, and when I oame back in about ten minutes I found you and Aubrey—with your letters—looking as if you had both been dead and buried while I was away. You wouldn't answer me, and he never said a word. You had done something to him in that little time to make him turn away from me: and yet you will not tell me what it is. Here I am alone," said Bee, onoe more with a quiver in her voice. "Aubrey ought to be-standing by me. I suppose he is having his dinner downstairs, too, and thinking no more of me. I just stand alone, nobody caring in all the world. What is the meaning of it, mamma?" " Bee, you are very hard upon me. And poor Aubrey, he is having no dinner, of that I am sure." " You called him Mr. Leigh downstairs." " So I did, and so I must, and all of us ; but I cannot have you speaking of him like that, poor, poor fellow *, and just for this once-^— Ob, Bee, my darling, don't stand and look at me bo ! I would rather have died than Bay it either to him or to you. Your papa has been hearing I don't know what; and be has ohanged bis mind about Mr. Leigh altogether, and says it must not be." " What must not be ?" " Oh, Bee ! Oh, don't take it so hard! Don't look like that! Your—your—engagement, my darling. Have patience ; oh, have patience 1 He had heard something. Men hear things that we would never hear. And he doesn't deny it, Bee. Oh, he doesn't deny it. I had a hope that he would contradict it at once, and flare up in a rage like you, and say it wasn't true. But he doesn't deny it—poor boy, poor boy! And after that how can I say one word to papa?" "My engagement?" said Bee in a hoarse voioe. She had been staring at her mother as in a dream—only partially hearing, not under standing at all the rest that was Baid. "My engagement ? He gave his consent. It was all settled. You would not allow us till the letter came, but then it was consent." "Yes, yes, dear. That was at first. He con sented at first because—and now it appears he has beard something; some one has called upon him—he has discovered; and he writes to me that it must be broken off. Oh, Bee, don't think my heart doesn't bleed for you. I think it will kill me. He Bays it must be broken off at once." "Who says so?" said Bee in her passion. "He 1 One would think you were speaking of God—that can say • Yes' to-day and ' No' to morrow, and build things up and then snatoh them down. But I will not have it 1 lam not a doll, to be put in one position and then in another, as anybody pleases. My engagement! It is mine; it is not his." " Bee, think; it is papa you are speaking of. Dear, I feel for you—l feel for you 1 but so does he. Oh, my darling, you don't know what you are saying. Do you think he would do any thing to make you unhappy if he could help it ? Your papa, Bee, who has been so good to you all your life." "I do not care how good he has been. He is not good now. How will it harm bim ? He sits at home, and he thinks he oan do ad he pleases. But not with me. It is my affair more than it is his. He thinks he oan break his word and it doesn't matter—but I have given my word, and it does matter. Break my^ engagement!" cried Bee, her young bosom swelling, the sob rising in her throat that would soon choke her voice. "It is mine and not his, and nobody in the world shall break it. You can tell him so, mamma, or I will write myself and tell him so. lam not a wax image to take any shape he pleases. Who is he ? He is not God " " Bee—he is your father " "Oh, my father! Yes, I do whatever he tells me. If he says lam to fetch anything I run like a little dog. I have never been disobedient. But this—this is different. lam not a child any longer. And, mamma, not for him nor for any one—not even for you will I take baok my word." "Bee! you make me say a great deal more than I meant to say. I thought you would have been a good child and seen that papa must know best. My poor, poor little girl, there is worse behind. Mr. Leigh, whom we all thought so muoh of " " Aubrey," Bee managed to say, though for no other word could she command her voioe. "Darling, he has deceived us. He is not what he seems. He has done, ob, so wrong— there have been things—that you ought never to hear " "Stop!" said Bee. She had to speak in monosyllables with her labouring breath. " Wait I—not—not behind his baok." She rushed to the bell and rung it so wildly that both waiter and chambermaid appeared in alarm, with Moulsley rushing in calling for a doctor, and that her lady was going to faint. Bee pushed tbe woman aside and turned to the waiter, who stood anxious at the door. " Mr. Leigh!" Bhe cried impatiently, " the gentleman —who was with us: tell him—to come here."' "The tall young gentleman?" said the waiter. " No—the other; tell him he is to come here —instantly—this moment." "I beg your pardon, miss," Baid the man. " The other gentleman ? Ho have been gone away this half-hour." " Gone away!" she cried. And it seemed to Bee that the blackness of darkness closed over her and the room and everything in it. She did not faint, oh, no, no such happiness! but everything grew dark, and through the dark she heard her own voice apeaki ng.Bjie eking, aud did not know what sha^wdß VJ UT} TSv [to Bjprffy*sptmr7\ --^ftX 