TOPICS OF THE TIMES. [By a MELiiounxii Sckibe.] The presence ol tuo “uarracKor is most powerfully ielt at football matches. Tlio term is gonoric as applied to the peculiar patron of that particular line of sport, and tho obnoxious personage has become to a.cortaiu extent a power, and— for all litorativo and truthful purposes also—a putrescence. For truly ho smells in the nostrils of all docent folic who may patronise tho football matches any Satur day in tho soasou. If his rctiuuo is not ragged, it is for the most part an aggrega tion of temporarily emancipated ' clerks who have boon freed from duty and havo got boosed to celebrate the fleeting festival. Under other circumstances, these clerical persons would bchavo themselves in a gentlemanly fashion, hut actuated by tho scandalous surroundings, they elect to carry on to a disgraceful degree. Their principal motive is “show off.” Howovor, they “reckon without tlicir host,”- and, as a consequouco, arc sometimes brought to their hoarings. A recent case of foot ball principals having to sulfer by legal adjudication will stand as a caso in proof on the other side. Tin: unuTAL bamiackee. He's a fearful foul-mouthed fellow, . With complexion—dirty yellow, A balking, howling, hare-brained liobhle IIe’s a frantic football follower, A harum-scarum liolloaer, Who sets out with a purpose to annoy. His lungs are blowing—blaring— With cursing and with swearing, . , '■ Xiis-partisanshiprpf judgment quite devoid. In fact, who goes “ a-barrackin’,” •Tust proves himsolf a larrikin, But we'll squelch him and ho not by him an . Wo are not setting out to write up this par. in tho interests of any speculator, but wo havo boon amused by the rivalry of two agents who aspire to run a cortain allogod hygienic cure-all in this city. They have appealed to tho law courts, each as to his right, which, if either has any, will damage tho general cause. Accounts are called for—had sign—and altogether there is au air of “inixed upednoss.” There never can bo an uni versal cure, and any one attempting to foist such upon tho public must be prepared for any amount of nntagonism, and through himsolf should avoid it altogether. When you get into tho box and are- mayhap questioned by Dr. Maddon -<?r Mr. J. L. Puvves, you are apt to cut a sony figure, and tho uose of the public gets inflated and sniffs largely as to tho facts hearing upon your nostrum. If you’re inclined for betting, then a horse you’ll hack, But if you’re undiplomaed then you’ll turn a quack— With advertisemeuts extensive, So spacious and expensive, You provo that of disbursement you have no good lack. Frequent chaugos are perforce tho order of tho day, aud, for that mattor, tho night, —especially at each ono of tho theatros. Bland Holt has departed to Adolaido with his company, and, as predicted by this scribo, the Theatre Royal is now' subjected to openings at intervals. At the Opera House, the thread of continuity is threatened with sovorunco, despite pre vious preamble, and tho daily advertise ments are of no avail to tho artful. Brough and Boueicault are laboring to holster up public support by weekly substitutions of hills, hut tho feathers of thoir bolster are not of a substantial nature, and it remains a question of whpthur their business can ho paying or if they are paradoxes of pluck under ad verse circumstances. Goorgo Rignold is retiring from the active control of the Princess’ Theatre after a soason that, has not proved profitable,“and following him the part owner of tho property, J. 0. Williamson, will step in and resume management by iutroduoiug a revival or “Tho Silver King.” This piece brought additional fortuno to tho firm of W., G. & M. in 1SS3,- whoa it was originally pro duced on the 27 th October of that year. The burlosquo season of tho Loudon Gaiety Troupe at tho Opera House is drawing to a elose, and it may ho remarked that- nothing like tho interest and ex citement attendant on the former visits of tho: Gaiety Theatre contingents has boon shown towards the present “.push.” You can’t got a Fred Leslie ami a Nolly Farrou every day. Goodness knows what is going to ho dono with the Theatre Royal. It is now closed, and its re- opening is a mattor of vaguo probability. Altogether the shareholders havo had a rough time of it and wish they had invested their money in a hotter “ spec.” The Alexandra Theatre is being kept open by a co operative company, who present old fashioned molourama to scanty audiences. Tho Cogill Bros., at St. Geurgo’s Hall, arc doing an excellent business, in fact tho host in town m tho theatrical lino, so the luck of the Adel phi has changed for tho hotter. Some two years ago, they went out of the same place ponuilcss and had to seek tho protection of tho in solvency court. They emerged from that triumphantly, the judgo granting them an unconditional certificate. The Victoria Hall is now used as a Gospel tent, aud tho clang of the hones and tambourines no longer resounds within its walls. Dan Tracey’s Co. are pegging away at tlio Gaioty Theatre and meeting with a fail amount of patronage. Despite the pre vailing duluess of the times, tho managers contrive to keep up a weekly appearance of “ the ghost” which walks regularly. Tho recent Traralgon telegraph swindle reminds one of a somewhat similiar dodge in connection with the wires, aud which occurred in New York some time ago. An individual interested in stocks and shares rented an office on oho of tho top flights of a building in that city, and past tho windows of which ran tho telegraph wires. By moans of a very fitio piece of copper wire ho connected with tho others and so obtained information passing through, and which ho applied to ad vantage. This adroit littlo scheme was detected ono day after a very heavy frost, when an omploye connected with one of thd telegraph companies happened to see the wire shining in tho sun with ex traordinary brightness. Attention was directed to the affair and tho fraud oxposed 