VADA the lily. By H. RIDER HAGGARD. Coptbioht, 1891, Br H. Rider Haggard. (all rights reserved.) CHAPTER XXIX.— (CoNTnnjKD.) W0w afterwards, as we went upon onr j Umslopogaas told me all that there -. to tell of the slaying of the Halakazi nd of the finding of Nada. When I heard that Nada, my dinghter, .till lived, I wept for joy, though with poslopogass I was torn by doubt and , fnr it was far for an unaided maid f.'Vel from Swaziland to the Ghost Mountain. Yet alt this while I said nothing to XJmslopogsas of the troth as lohis hirth, because on the journey there te many aronna us, ana sub very sreeo have ears, and the same wind to which ire whispered might whisper to the king, gag £ knew that the hour had now aJjoe when I must speak, for it was in mind to bring it about that Umslo- noraas should be proclaimed the son of Cbaka, and be made WSag ot the Zulus in tie place of Dingaau, his ancle. Yet had all these things gone cross for as, because it was fated so, my father, god I known that Umslopogaas still ; lived when I slew Chaka, then methinks flat I could have brought it about that be should be king. Or had things fallen oot as I planned, and the Lily maid been brought to Dingaau, and Umslopo- caas grown great in his sight, then, perhaps, I conld have brought it aboat. I got all things bad gone cross. The Lily I was none other than Nada ; and how I could Umslopogaas give Nada, whom he thought his sister, and who was my I dinghter, to Dingaau against her will ? I Also, because of Nada, Dingaau and I Umslopogaas were now at bitter enmity, I sod for this same cause I was disgraced I sad a fugitive, and my counsels would I no longer be heard in the ear of the I kfog- I So everything must be began afresh : I and as I walked with the impi towards I the Ghost Mountain, I thought much I snd often of the mauner in which this I might be done. Bat as yet I said noth- I tafr I How, at last we were beneath tbe I Ghost Mountain, and looked on the I clone face of the old Witch who sits I (here aloft for ever waiting for the world I to die ; and that same night we came to I the kraal of the People of the Axe, and I entered it with a great singing. But I Galazi did not enter at that time ; he I was away to the mountain to call his I flock of wolves, and as we passed its I loot we heard the welcome that the I solves howled in greeting to him. I Now, as we drew near the kraal, all I the women and children came out to I meet us, beaded by Zinita, head wife of I Umslopogaas. They came joyfully, bnt I vhen tbey found how miny were want- I fag who a moon before had gone thence I to fight, their joy was turned to monrn- I fag, and tbe voice of their weeping went I np to heaven. I Umslopogaas greeted Zinita kindly ; I and yet I thought there was something I licking. At first she spoke to him I sofflr, hat when she learned all that had I come to pass, her words were not soft, I for she reviled me and sang a load song I st Umslopogaas. I 'See now, Slaughterer,' she said, I 'see now what has came about because I yon have listened to this aged fool !' — I that was I, my father — 'this fool who calls himself ' Mouth ' ! Ay, a mouth be is, a mouth ont of which proceed folly I sni lies ! Whit did be counsel yon to I do ? — to go up against these Halakizi I snd win a girl for Dingaan ! And what I hive you done 5 — yon have fallen upon I the Halakazi, and doubtless have slain I msny innocent people with that great I tie of yours, also yon have left nearly I half of the People of the Axe to whiten I u the Swazi caves, and in exchange I hire brought back certain cattle of a I small breed, and girls and children tbat I we muet nourish ! I Nor does the matter end here. You vent, it seems, to win a girl whom Din- gun desired, yet when you find that girl yon let her go, because, indeed, you say I she was your sister and would not wed Dingaan. Forsooth, is not the king good . enough for this sister of yours ? Now, vhat iB the end of the tale ? You try to play tricks on the king, because of your aster, and are fonnd ont. Then you kill a man before the king and escape, bring ing this fool of an aged Month with yon, that he may teach you his own folly. So yoa have lost half of your people, and you have gained the king for a foe vho eball bring aboat the death of all of Mi and a fool for a counsellor. Wow I Slaughterer, keep to your trade and let others find you wit.' xmra hue spose witbout ceasing, ana there was some troth in her words. I Zinita had a bitter tongue. I sat silent till she had finished, and Umslopogaas 1 also remained silent, thongh his anger I "M great, because there was no crack in I her talk through which a man might thrust a word. ' Peace, woman !' I said at length, 'do ID of those who are wise and , Sad seen much before you were bom.' 'Talk no ill of him who is my fattier.' growled Umslopogaas. 'Ay! thongh you do not know it, this Month whom , i6 e 18 Mopo, my father.' Then there is a man among ' the f 'k® Axe who has a fool for a ( ®r- Of all tidings this is the worst.' ,, There is a man among the People of 6 f w_h has a jade and a scold for , p UmslopogasF, springing Dp. if T?De| 1— and know this, that hi Tu speak more snch words of fnrf.i. 0 " ®y father, you shall go ther than your own hut, for I will Pt you away and drive you from my , have suffered yon too long.' Igo,' said Zinita. 'Oh 1 1 am well ed ! I made you chief, and now you threaten to put me away.' T» i own hands made me chief,' said J,PB,®S' and, springing up, " he — y v uor rrom the but. sm.iT laaa 511 th"wg to be wedded to a woman, my father,' .he' said presently. thing, Umslopogaas/yet j8® are the hardens - that map '' rrrtirf-, „ " wisdom-faun it, Hmriopq-: and have as little to do. with women fL- 7 he : at the leaBt, do "hot -love more 80 yon :jfinid : the Pssce. Hum I spoke; smiling, and wonld that he had listened to my counsel, for it is the love of women which has brought rain on Umslopogaas ! All this was many years ago, and bnt lately I have heard that Umslopogaas is fled into the North, and become! a wanderer to his death because of the matter of a woman who betrayed him, making it seem that he had murdered one Lonsta, who was as his brother, just like Galazi had been. I do not know how it came about, bnt he who was so fierce and strong had this weakness, and it has destroyed him at the last, and for this canse I shall behold bim no more. _ Now, my father, for a while we sat silent and alone in the hnt, and as we sat I thought that I heard a rat stir in tbe thatch. Then I spoke. 'Umslopogaas, at length the honr has come that I should whisper something into yonr ear, a word which I have held a secret ever since yon were born.' Speakon, my father,' he said, wonder ing. I crept to the- door .of the hut and looked out. Hie night was dark and I conld see none abont, and conld hear none move, yet, belog -cautions, I walked round the hnt. Ah, my father, when yon bave a secret to tell, be not so easily deceived. It is not enough to look forth j and to search round. Dig beneath the floor and search the roof also; Hierij having done all this, go elsewhere and tell your tale. Hie woman was right : I was but a fool, for all my wisdom and my white hairs. Had I not been a fool I should have searched ont that rat in. the thatch before ever I opened lips. For the rat was Zinita, my father — Zinita, who had climbed the hnt, and now lay there in tbe dark, ber ear upon the smoke-bole, listening to every word that Dassed. It was an evil "thino to do. and, moreover, the worst of omens, but there is little honour among women when they would leam that which others wish to hide away from them, nor in deed, do they then weigh omens. So havingsearched and fonnd nothing, I spoke to Umslopogaas, my fosterling, not knowing that death in a woman's ebapelayonthehntabove us. "Hearken,' I said, 'yon are no son of mine, Umslo pogaas, thongh yon have -called father from a babe. You spring from a loftier stock, Slaughterer.' ' Yet I was well pleased with my fathering, o'd man,' said Umslopogaas, ' the breed is good enough for me: Say; then, whose son am I ?' Now, I bent forward and whispered to him, yet, alas ! not low enough, j Yon are the son of the Black One who is dead, yea, sprang from the blood of Chaka and Baleka, my sister.' '1 stiH'have somekinship "with yon ' then, Mopo, and tbat I am glad of. Wow ! who would have guessed that I was the son of that sHwana , of that hyjeena man? Perhaps it is for this reaBon that, like Galazi, I love the ; company of the wolves, though no love grows in my heart for my father or any of his bouse.' You bave little cause to love him, Umslopogaas, for he murdered yonr mother, Bileka, and wonld have slain yon also had it not been for me. But you are the son - of Chakn and of no other man.' i" Well, his eyes must be keen indeed, my uncle, who can pick bis own father out of a crowd. And yet I once heard this tale before, though I bad long ago forgotten it.' ' From " whom did you hear it, Umslo pogaas i An hoar since, it was known to one alone, the others are dead who knew it. Now it is known to two ' (ah ! my father, 1 did not gness of the third) ; ' from :whom,then, did youhear it f?' k It was from 3he' dead - aV leaBt/ Galazi tbe Wolf beacd.it from the dead 1 Ooe -who -sat- iu the— cave -on Ghost Mountain, for the dead One told him tbat a man wonld come to be bis brother who should be named Umslopogaas Bulalio, son of Chaka, and Galazi told it to me, but I bad Ioug forgotten it' ' It seems that there is wisdom in tbe dead,' I answered, ' for lo ! to-day yon are named Umslopogaas Bulalio, and to-day I declare you the son 'of Chaka. Bat listen to my tale.' Then I told himall the story from the honr of his birth onward aod when I spoke of the words of his mother, Baleka, after I had told my dream to her, and of tbe manner of her death by the command of Chaka, and of the great fashion in which she had died, then, I say, Umslo pogaas wept, who, I think, seldom wept before or after. Bnt as my tale grewto its end I saw tbat he listens who has a weightier matter pressing on his heart, and before it was well done he broke in — ' So, Mopo, my ancle, if I am the son of Chaka and Baleka, Nada the Lily is no.sister to me.' in ay, umslopogaas, ene is only your cousio.' ' Over near of bloodj' he said. 'Yet that shall not stand between as,' and bis face grew glad. I looked at him in question. Yon grow dull, my uncle. This is my meaning : that I will wed Nada if she still lives, for it comes upon me now that I have never loved any woman "to I love Nada the Lily,' and' while he epoke, once more I heard the rat stir in .the thatch! of tbe hut. 'Wed her if yon. will, Umslopogaas,' I answered, ' yetl think that one Zinita, your InxosHasi, will find words to say in the matter.' 'Zinita is my head wife indeed, but shaU she hold me back from taking -other wiveB, after the lawfnl custom of our people ?' he asked angrily, and his anger showed me that he feared the wrath of Zfalta. ' The custom is lawful and good,' I said, ' but it has bred trouble at times. Zinita can bave little to say if she con tinues in her place and you still love her to of old.. "But enough of her. Nada is not at your gates, and perhaps she wil never find, them, See,' Umripppgsas, it is my desire that yon should rule in Znlnland by right of blood, and, though thiogs point otherwise, yet I think a way can be found to bring it about-.' . " Howof. he asked. . : .. . ' Tims : Many of ihe great chiefs who toe jfijBnrlnJo me hate Dingupand fear lum, 'an1 did they Ynow that 'k' son of Chaka iived,snd that sontheSlaeghterer, , be wellmiht'ciimb to-the throne Jnpon their shoulders. .Also thesoldiers love dwelt croeliy with them, becauBe at least he was brave and generous. Bnt they do 1 not love Dingaan, for his burdens are the burdens of Chaka bat his gifts are the gifts of Dingaan ; therefore they would welcome Chaka's son if once they knew him for certain. Bnt it is here that the necklet chafes, for there is but my word to prove it. Yet I will try it.' ' Perhaps it is worth trying and per haps it is not, my nncle,' answered Umslopogaas. ' One thing I know : I had rather see Nada at my gates to-night than hear all the chiefs in the land cry ing 'Hall, O King?' . ' Yon shall live to think otherwise, Umslopogaas ; and now this must be done. Spies must be set at tbe kraal Umgugnudhlovu to give qs warning of tbe mind of the king, lest he send an impi suddenly to eat you up. Perhaps his hands may be too full for that ere long, for those white Amaboona will answer his assegais with .ballets. And one more word : let nothing be said of this matter of yonr birth, least of all to Zinita yonr wife, or any other woman.' ' Fear not, nncle,' he answered ; ' I know how to he silent.' Now, after a while Umslopogaas left me and went to tbe hot of Zinita, his InkdnJeasi where she lay wrapped Jn' her blankets, and, as It seemed, asleep! ' ' Greeting, my husband, ebe said slowly, like one who wakens. ' I have dreamed a strange dream of you. I dreamed that yon were called a king, and that all this regiments of the Znlns filed past you giviogyouthe royal salute Bayete,' Umslopogaas looked st her wonder ing, for he did not know if she had learned something or if this was an omen. ' Such dreams are dangerous,' he said, ' or he who dreams them does well to lock them fast till they be forgotten.' ' Or fulfilled,' said Zinita, and again Umslonoeaas looked at her wonderiov. Now, after this night I began my work, for I established spies at the kraal of Dingaan, and from them I learned all that passed with the king. At first he gave orders tbat an impi .should be summoned to eat up the People of the Axe, bnt afterwards came tidings that the Boers, to the comber of five hundred mounted men, were march ing on tbe kraal Umgngnndhlovn. So Dingaan had no impi to spare to send to the Ghost Monntaio, and we who were beneath'ita shadow- dwelt there in peace. This time the Boers were beaten, for Bogoza, the spy, led them into an am bush ; bnt few were killed, and they did bnt draw back that they might jnmp the farther, and Dingaan knew this. At this time also the English white men of 'Natal, who attacked1 Dingaan by the Lower Tugela, were Blain by onr people, and those with them. . . Also. by the help of certain witchrdoc- tors, I filled the land with rumours, prophecies, and dark sayings, and I worked cunningly on the minds of many chiefs tbat were known to me, sending them messages hardly to be understood, snch as should prepare their thoughts for the comiag of one who shoald be declared to thein. They listened, but the task was long, for the men dwelt far apart, and some of them were away with the regi ments; . So tbe time went by, till many days had passed since we reached the Ghost Mountain. Umslopogaas had no more words with Zinita, bnt she always watched bim, and he went heavily. For he awaited Nada, and Nada did not come. Bat at length Nada came. CHAPTER YTY the coming of nada. One night — it was a night of a fall moon — I sat alone with Umslopogaas In my hnt; and we spoke of -Wie-nretter lof onr plots j thenj-whfi.n we had fioUhJed -it, we spoke of Nada iheLily. . . . : , | 'Alas! my uncle,' said Umslopogaas sadly, "we shaH never look more on Nada ; she is sorely dead or in bonds, otherwise she had been here long ago. I have songht far and wide, and can hear no tidings and find nothing.' ' All that is hidden Is not lost,' I answered : yet I myself believed that there was an end of Nada. Then we were silent a while, and presently, in the silence, a dog barked. We rose, and crept ont of the hnt to see what it might be that stirred, for the night drew on, and it was needful to -be wary, since a dog might, bark at the stirring of a leaf, or. perhaps -it might be the distant footfall of an impi that it heard. We had not far to look, for standing gazing at the huts, like one who is afraid | to call, was a mail, tall and slim, holding an assegai in one hand end a little shield' in the other. We conld not see the face of the man, because tbe light was behind him, and a ragged .blanket hang aboat his shoulders: " Also, he was footsore, for he rested on one leg. Now, we were peering ronnd tbe hnt, and its shadow nid us, so tnat ttte .man -saw nothing. For a -while be stood still, then he spoke to himself, and his 'voice 'was strangely' soft. ' Here are many hats/ said the voice, now bow may I know which is 'the: house of my brother ? Perhaps if I call ! I shall bring soldiers to tne, and be forced; to-play -the man before- them, tend I 'am- weary -of that.- Well, I will He here nnder the fence till morning ; it isa softer bed than some I have found, and; Iamforedone with trayei-rsleep.l must,' and the fignre eigbe'd and turned so tbat the light of the moon fell fall upon its face, .; . ... ; y ; My father, it was the face of Nada; my daughter, whom I had not seen for so many years, yet across tbe years I knew, it atonce ; yes, thongh the bud bad become a flower I knew it. The face was wearyj and worn, but ab ! it was beautiful, never before nor since have I seen such be&nty;, -for there was . .this about loveliness of my daughter, the ' Lily : it seemed to flow from within — yes, as light will flow through the thin rind of a gourd, and iu that-she differed from the other women of our people, who, when they are fair, . are fair with the flesh, alone. ' \ Now my heart went out to Nada as she stood in the mooolight,bnefot8akeni not having where to lay her head, Nada, who alone was left alive , of all"' my children. I motioned. to Umslopogaas to hide himself In , the shadow, and stepped forward „ iHol' I said roughly, 'who are you, wanderer, and whet -do you do here?' ; Now Nada started . like a frightened bird, ; but quickly gathered qp, her thoughts, and turned npgn me in a lordly way. ' Who are you thatask me ?' she said, feigning a man's voice. 'One who can use a stick upon thieves and night-prowlers, boy. Come, show your business or be moving. Yon are not of this people ; surely that moocha Is of a Swazi make, and here we do not love Swazia' ' Were you not old, I wonld beat yon for your insolence,' said Nada, striving to look brave and all the while search ing a way to escape. 'Also, I have ho stick, only a spear, and that is for warriors, not for an old wmfagoton like you.' Ay, my father, I lived to hear my daughter name me an umfagaean — a low fellow! Now, making pretence to be angiy, I leaped at her with my kerrie up, and, forgetting her courage, she dropped her spear, and uttered a little scream. Bnt she still held the shield before her face. I seized her by the arm, and struck a blow npon the shield with my kerne— it would scarcely have crashed a fly, but this brave warrior trembled sorely. ' Where now is yonr valour, you who name me umfagoamV I said : ' yon who cry like a maid and whose arm is soft as a maid's.' She made no -answer, hnt hugged her tattered blanket ronnd her, and shifting my grip from her arm, I seized it and" rent it, showingher breast and shoulders; then 1 let ber go, laughing, and said — ' Lo ! here is the warrior that would best an old t anfagcam for his insolence, a warrior well shaped for war! Now, my pretty maid who' wander at. night in the garment of a man, what tale -have you to tell ? Swift with it, lest I drag you to the chief as his prize ! The old man seeks a new wife, they tell me ?' Now, when Nada saw that I had dis covered her she threw down the shield wwt bua spear, as a eniug tnae was OI no moreavail,and hong her head sullenly. But when I spoke of dragging her to the chief then she finng herself upoo the ground, and clasped my knees, for since I called him old, ebe thonght that this chief could not be Umslopagaaa ' Oh, my father,' said the lily, ' oh, my father, have pity on me! Yes,yes 1 1 am a girl, a maid — no wife — and yon who are old, yon, perchance have daughters such as L and in their name I ask for pity. My father, I have journeyed far, I have endnred many things, to find my way to a kraal where my brother rales, and now it seems that I have come to the wrong kraal. Forgive me tbat I spoke to yon so, my father ; it was bnt a woman's feint, and I was hard pressed to hide my sex, for my father, yon know it is ill to be a lonely girl among strange meo.' Now, I said no word id answer, for this reason only : that when I heard Nada call me father, not knowing me, and saw her clasp my knees and pray to me in my daughter's uame, I, who was childless save for her, wentnigh to weep ing. But she thonght that I did not answer because I was angry and about to drag ber to this unknown chief, aod prayed the more even with tears. ' My father,' she said, ' do not thia wicked thing by me. Let me go and show me the path that I shall ask, yon who are old ; yon know that I am too fair to be dragged before this chief of yours. Hearken ! AH I knew are slain, I am alone except for this brother whom I seek. Oh ! if yon betray me may snch a fate fall npon yonr own daughter also ! May she also know the day of slavery, and the love tbat she wills not !' and she ceased sobbing. Now I turned my head and spoke to wards the bnt, 'Chief,' I said, "your EMose is kind to yon to-night, for he has given yon a maid fair as the Lily of tbe Halakazi ' (here Nada glanced np wildly). ' Come, then, and take the girL' Now, Nada turned to snatch up the assegai from the gronnd, bnt whether to kill me, or the chief she feared so mnch, or herself, I do not know, and as she turned in her woe she called npon the name of Umslopogaas. She fonnd the assegai, and straightened herself again. And lo ! there before her stood a mighty chief leaning on an axe ; bnt the old man woo tareaiieoea aer was gone— dog very far, in troth, bnt round tbe corner of the hot Now Nada the Lily looked, then robbed her eyes and looked again. ' Sorely I dream ?' she said at last ' But now I spoke to an old man, and in his place there stands before me the shape of one whom I desire to sea' ' I thought, Maiden, tbat the voice of a certain Nada called npon one Umslopo gaas,' said he who leaned npon the axe. "Ay, I called : but where is the old man who treated me so scnrvily ? Nay, what does it matter ? — where be is, there let him stop. At least, yon are Umslo pogaas, my brother, or should be by yonr greatness and the axe. To the man I cannot altogether swear in this ir_i_a. . a _ a? T x llgUh y VUI> UJ UH) A Utli BWeU) lUt once it passed so very near my eyes. Thus she Bpoke on, gaining time, and all the while she watched Umslopogaas till she was sare that it was he and no other. Then she make an end of talk, and, flinging herself on him, she kissed him. ' Now I trastthat Zinita sleeps sonnd,' murmured Umslopogaas, for suddenly he remembered that Nada was no sister to him, as she deemed. Nevertheless, he took her by the hand and said, ' Enter, sister. Of all maidens in the world you are the most welcome here, for know I thought yon dead.' Bnt I, Mopo, ran into the hnt before her, and when she entered she fonnd me sitting by the fire. ' Now, hpre, my brother,' said Nads, pointing at me with her finger, 1 here is that old wnjagowm, that low fellow, who, unless I dream, bnt a very little while ago brought shame -Upon me — ay, my brother, he struck me, a maid, with his kerrie, and that only because I said that I wonld stab him foe his insolence, and he did, worse : he swore that he .would dragjne to sQme old chief of his to be' a gift t>o him, and this he was abont to do, bad yon not come. Will you Suffer these things to go unpunished, my brother t' Now, Umslopogaas smiled grimly, and - I answered— 'What "was it tbat yon called me jost now, Nada; -when yon prayed me to pro'-; tect yon ? Father, was it not ?' and I 'turned my face towafds the blaze of the ffire/so-thht-'the fall light fell nponif, "Yes,Tjtolied ybu' faifaer, old man., ItisnntstraDge.'for a homeless wanderer, mnet find fatoors - wliere she can — and yetl no, it oahnnt be-l-Bo clianged — and that white hand ? And yet; oh 1 who are yon ? Once there was a man named Mopo, and be had a little daughter, and she was called Nada — Oh 2 my fattier, my father, I know yon now !' ' Ay, Nada, and I knew yon from the first ; through all yonr man's wrappings, I knew you after these many years.' So the Lily fell - upon my neck and sobbed there, and I remember that I also wept. Now, when she had sobbed her fill of joy Umslopogaas broqghtNadathe Lily mom to -est and Mealie porridge. She ate of the cnrdled milk, bnt of the por ridge she would not eat, saying that she was too weary. Then she told as all the tale of her wanderings since ehe had fled away from the ride of Umslopogaas at the strong hold of the Halakazi, and it was long, so long that I will not repeat it, for it is a story of itself. This I will say onlv : that she was cantnred bv robbers. and for a while passed herself off among them aB a youth. But, in the end, they fonnd her out and would have given her as a wife to their chief, only she per suaded them to kill the chief and make- her their ruler. They did this because of that medicine of the eyes which Nada bad only- among women, for ae ebe ruled the Halakazi, so she ruled the robbers. But, at the last, they all loved her, and ehe gave it out tbat she wonld wed tbe strongest. Then some of them fell to fighting, and while they slew each other —for it came about that Nada brought death upon the robbers m on all others — she escaped, for she arid she did not wish to look upon their struggle bat would await tbe upshot in a place apart. After that she bad many further ad ventures, bnt at length she fonnd an old woman who guided her on her way to fiVirtah VAnnfein Anil nlin ttiiu a1 rl woman was none conld discover, but Galazi Bwore afterwards that she was the Stone Witch of tbe moantaio, who pat on the shape of an old woman to guide Nada to Umslopogaas, to be the sorrow and the joy of the People of the Axe. I know not, yet it seems to me that the old witch would scarcely have pat off her etone for so email a matter. Now, when Nada had made an end of her tale, Umslopogaas told his, of how things had gone with Dingaan. When he told her how he had given the body of the girl to the king, saying that it was the Lily's stalk, she said that it was well done, and when he told of the slaying of the traitor she clapped ber hands, thongh Nada, whose heart was gentle, did not love to bear of deeds of death. At last he finished, and she was somewhat sad, aod said it seemed tbat her fate followed her, and that now the People of the Axe were in danger at the handa of Dingaan because of ber. ' Ah! my brother,' she cried, catching Umslopogaas by the hand, 'it were better that I should die than that I Bhonld bring evil npon you also.' 'That wonld not mend matters, Nada;' he answered. 'For whether yon be dead or alive the hate of Dingaan is already earned. Also, Nada, know this: I am not your brother? When the Lily heard these words she uttered a little cry, and, letting fall the hand of Umslopogaas, clasped mine, shrinking np against me. ' What is thiB tale, father ?'she asked. ' He who was my twin, he with whom I" was bred np, says that he has deceived me these many years, that be is not my brother ; who, then, is he, father ?' ' He is yonr cousin, Nads.' ' Ah,' she answered, ' I am glad. It wonld have grieved me had he whom I loved been shown to be but a stranger in whom I have no part,' aodshe smiled a little in the eyes and at tbe corners of her month. ' Bat tell me this tale also.' So I told her -the story of the birth of Umslopogaas, for I trusted her. Ab.' shesaid, when I bad finished, ' ah ! you come of a bad stock, Umslo pogaas, though it be a. kingly one. I shell love yon little henceforth, child of the hyaena man.' Then tbat is ill news,' said Umslopo gaas, 1 for know, Nada, I desire now that yon should love me more than ever tbatyonshonld.be my wife and love me as yonr hnsbaod !' Now the Isly's face grew sad and sweet, and All the hidden mockery went out of her talk — for Nada loved to mock. 'Did you not speak to me on. tbat night in the Halakazi caves, Umslopo gaas ? — did yon not speak to me of one Zinita, who is yonr wife, and Inlcosikasi of the People of the Axe ;' Then the brow of Umslopogaas dark ened : ' What of Zinita ;' he said. ' It is true she is my chieftainess; is it not all owed to a man to take more than ooe wife?' ' So I trust,' answered Nada, Smiling, .'.else men would go onwed for long, for few maids wonld take them who then mast laboar alone all their days. Bat, Umslopogaas, if there are twenty wives, yet one most be first. Now this has come about hitherto : that wherever I have been it has been thrnst upon me to be first, and perhaps it might come aboat once more— what then, Umslopogaas?' ' Let the fruit ripen before yon pluck it, Nada,' he answered. ' If - yon love me.and will.wed me, it is enough.1 I- pray that it' may not be more than .enough,' she . said, stretching out her hand to him. ' Listen, Umslopogaas : .ask of my father here what were the words I spoke to him many years ago, before' I >Was yet a woman, when, with my mother, Macropha, I left him to go among the -Swazi people. It was after yon had been' borne away by the lion, Umslopogaas, ! told my father that I would wed no man all my life, .because I loved, only yon, who were dead. My father reproached me, saying that I must not speak thos of my brother, bnt it was my heart that spoke, and it spoke truly ; for see, Umslopogaas, yon are no brother to me ! I have kept that vow. How many men have sought me in wed lock siooe I became a woman, Umelopo- gaast I tell yon that they are as the leaves npon a -tree. Yet I have given myself to none; and this has been my fortnne ; that none have songht to con strain me to marriage. Now I have my reward, for he whom I lost is fonnd! again, and to whom alona I give my love. Yet, Umslopogaas; beware 1 Little lock has .icome to three -who have loved' me inthe pa3t;.npa-not even to thqse who have jmtaonght to lookonine. " . I ynU bear the .riA, N ada," the -Slaughterer anBWeredTandgath'erlngher to his great breast be kissed lier. - : Presently she dipped from his nrms and bade him begone, for she was weary and wonld rest So he went. (To be continued.) 