A BAPTISM OF FIRE. | ' Br JEANETTE VAK AIJSTIKT!. . .??SEVEN YON BLAKE sat-in'his-luxurious } ?»» office, chewing the end of his cigar. and mentally anathemati^ingthe slate of ine ? Money Market, and the unreasonable and ! very inconvenient caution that had-lately] :characterised even the most reckless of] speculators. j As a professional blower of babbles, be bad i no patience with this timidity and caution t in others; and it was an unlooked-for i exhibition of these undesirable qualities in j a bi^ fish, uuon whom he had of latei ! expended much eloquence and more cbam pague at several expensive luncheons, and iflioia be bad. believed to be fairly hooked, I xliat had disturbed his usually placid per. XS was one of the rules of his self-iniiui^ent tif« to dwell as little as possible upon any thing uisrgreeable, and to compensate him self for any unpleasantness by the first pleasure that came, to hand. Acting upon this habit, he opened "the handsomely-fitteci ' iiaueur-case which is always so important ?& feature of the promoter's sane tun:.; ana, having piilled himself together -titb an expensive brand of whiskey, lit his cigar also an expensive brand-and sauntered out. By the time he had reached LeadcnlisiU street he had completely bauished his dis appointment from his thoughts, and in iLs stead bad summoned before bis mental vision an apparition that was eminently a pleasant one. To tell the truth, Bessie Langley's face and voice, and soft distinctive chaim/had haunted Blake pretty persistently for a couple of months; and it needed no great effort on his part to conjure up her image. Indeed, on more than one occasion lately, in the very heat and stress cf a lively board-meeting', when he needed all his con centration and adroitness - for Kenyon Blake's board-meetings were never tame, but frequently very stormy-he had been, startled by some delightful yet troublous memory of that gracious presence that had set his pulses-dancing. To think of. her, to wish to be with her, and to gratify that wish wits'the natural sequence to man of Blake's disposition ^ and'J in another minute be was inside a hansom bowling rapidly westward^ notwithstanding the fact that be bad two appointments, ana one board-meeting that imperatively demanded his attention that afternoon. Bessie was standing by the great north window when became in, looking out upon the trim garden where the sun shone brightly on the rows of daffodils. With the swift gratitude of flowers, they bad plucked up heart of grace under bis genial smile,' and, turning their backs upon the east wind,' had resolved to bloom their sweetest. " And what have you been doing lately ? May I see?" asked Kenyon, after she had poured .him out a cup of tea which he swaUovred with a shudder, but accepted because he liked to watch the play of her white, deliberate bands. "Nothing ; absolutely nothing. I have been horribly idle; a very blight of laziness seems to .have settled on me. But let us talk of something else; I am not in a work ing mood, as "I told you. My brashes and I are 'out,5 as VPill Carle ton would say." Poor Bessie I The restlessness and disin clination for steady work, that she called laziness, was. the first effect of tbe'disturbing eiemerit. that was creeping into herlife, and to which she had hot become accustomed. Art had for so long been'to her tbe end and aim .of life, that she could not as yet com prehend that any other feeling might elaim nipre than a superficial interest , from her. She was, moreover, a . reserved and tender woman ; and the circumstances of her life bad served to intensity this natural charac teristic. Motherless at 15, she had been left to the care of her great-uncle, a" simple- minded, large-hearted old man of the Colonel Ifew come type, who lived in a tiny home embowered in a big garden in St. John's Wood. He idolised Bessie, and his pride in her talent, knew 110 bounds. He took her to Borne for two years, and from thence to Paris, where she worked for five years in Julian's atelier, and attracted the notice of some of the best men "in the profession by the earnestness of her work. It was upon their return to London that Uncle Colin had built her the big bright studio that was the real heart-home of the enthusiastic young artist. The gentle ofd man lived to yse his darling win her place upon the line; fend then faded gradually and painlessly out of life. Bessie had no one left but Ninette -Ninette, the sharp - tongued, cynical ifaughter of Pajis, whose capable hands had held the reins of their little menage there, and who bad begged to be allowed to accompany them to .England, rather, than be parted; from Bessie, who had all uncon sciously wound herself tightly round her hard heart. When Uncle Colin died, his pension died with'him; but Bessie's work brought in sufficient to satisfy their simple wants, for r Jilnette was a wonderful manager. And so the years ~ sped softly on, and Bcsaelived like & niin, seeing only a. few fellow-craftsmen, and neither knowing nor caring aught of tbe outside world. Her work absorbed her completely, and fully satisfied.all the requirements of her nature, so that she remained ignorant and unsus picious of its deeper needs. " She would be charming . if,, she were a woraan/'a clever Frencbnjan .had said of ber fejJulianfe; biit, unforturiately',; she is only anarfcist."' Wben Bessie had first met Kenyon Blake, she had shrunk from him with , a curious ?' instinctive feeling .-that; was1'liardly "strong enough to be dislike, but was -perhaps the \- unconscious recoil of a spotless ,soul from the "smirch'andstain of the man. And it took: allKenvon Blake's strong personal magnet jisi£allfes^snwefe of fascination and; .astute worldly wisdom, to conquer that first half imcojiEcious antajronisin, and to iyin.faercon '"fiden'ce as well as'herliking. Gradually, however, she grew to look Jf<>mard^.fe"jbife"v3Ses,,:fitnd rere very* long it came to pass that many summer mornings fqimd hini swinging.idly" in -.the hammock ! tfta'fc ;waB"' slang ' across" one comer pf the studio, while she tried, to jwoifc,' -and* drank in - 9iis : - words,' all unconscious of whither she was drifting. Biake unfolded his; schemes and «j3la!ns to 'her, and told her amusing stories of his adventures, and perils, for he .was a good jfcalker and ; bad ItraveUerl -aiiibb, '? and seen life under many aspects. And in all he ..recounted -there - was a clevevly.uaanaged "glorification of himself, that somehow left ,.iifiss!ie_.witb -the impression that-.someone '^%ta^oij hfr iv hjjfc. a, y<8 mis generous, "brave, open-Gearfced man, whom men trusted^ and women loved. Spi£et|^ies'hig,Ajoice\,^es^d be: low, and his eyes grbw-s»i,'s.i Ke'-roused her sympathy with the well-told tale of an uncongenial filiate-; of high aspirations thwarted, great opportunities lost, . brilliant succcsses diverted, his own hopes, interests, and tastes sacrificed, and himself disheartened and made reckless by the tactless folly of the woman he had married. All this was delicately " conveyed of course; more by implication, at first, than by actual detraction,, and with many a ' skilfnlly-drawn contrast that was subtly flattering: to Bessie, who listened and pitied -and loved ?' Ah ! yes. Love forced its -?'way at last, into the closed chambers of her ?heart, thrilling all its fibres to tenderest ha.niony under his tormenting touch, and fillingliei1 eyes with the divine unreit which is.the rirrt ef the many pcnalt «s that we women pay for hip admission. : But *tae sweetness-was «hort-ii«-td, and, -he ieatisted the hopelMtPMS^f thefutuic Loyally B.he wrestled w tbftbe devi} of yebel 'lion, as of - old Jacob wrestled with'the' mes senger of God ; apdafter a time victory' seemed to come. True, she could not cast j out her love;* but she, could curb it, and turn It -into the channel of friendship that should be the joy of her life, .and that would We, comfort' .to him also* j Her Iiearfc aclicd for his loneliness, and for the hideous mockery of his marriage to a .woman. lie did not love ; and she longed with all her generous, unselfish soul to bring some brightness into his blighted life. It tortured her to see tliat longing, hungry look in his eyes, and the sad tones of his voice awakened in her all that protecting, j semi-inaternal tenderness that slumbers at j the heart of every true woman. Alas, that so few women realise, until it is too late, how terrible is the power of a man who has studied our ser, and who does not scruple to turn his knowledge to accountI ; From the first, the odds are against us; for j we are so easily swayed by personal : influences. Remorselessly he gathers the thousand little dainty filaments of our weak nesses awl foibles into his hand, and twists them into a cable that binds us. In vain we struggle; we cannot break it; and those who muster sufficient coui'age to cut it asunder, find that they have dug the knife] into their own hearts, and purchased their ! freedom by wounds that perhaps may never I heal. j It is only a very strong man who can j resist using this power when he has once ; experienced the fascination of its exercise ; ) the cravings of hi« own passion bid him j strive for victory at ai»v price. And iuost 1 assuredly Kehyon Blake had never been j strong witii such noble .strength. Even as j a ycuug win, Jrhen the chivalrie instincts ] are keenest, he could rarely summon resolu tion to draw the rein upon his inclinations ; ; mid at forty,he had an' incurable flabbiness j of moral Jiiire that was the natural result of ? a life of grossest selfishness. He watcled poor Bessie's loyal struggles , with a lulf cynical, half compassionate j amusement. Poor little darling, how j miserable sud.hovs- wicked she felt! Well, j time and fee between them would cure that; j and then-ah, then he would teach her to to live! And the mere thought of his coming triumph; sent the blood surging hotly through bis veins. Bessie had grown very dear to. him, and he loved her with the truest love of which his selfish, shallow nature was capable. That it was a poor, weak, fleshy parody of the great master-passion was Bessie's misfortune rather than Kenyon:s fault; for, such as it was, it was the best he had to give. Inevitably, the climax came; andone July evening, in the -quiet garden, the ghostly white lilies trembled on their tall stems as they, listened . unwillingly to a story that should.never have been told ; and the dim moonlight shone pityingly down upon a woman who was palpitating with joy, fear, triumph, humiliation, and a dozen other com plex emotions that tug at the heart-strings but defy analysis. At 27, a woman, however sheltered and uneventful her girlhood may have been, knows when she should cease to listen ; and ' Bessie knew. But . the hand of the conqueror was heavy upon her; and her soul, which had never yet stirred to any passion bub the love of her art, was struggling to life, at the call of the man whose ardent words were dropping like; gouts of fire into her heart. ] To all strong-liearted women the birth of { passion is a bewilderment; a torture of j sweetness that, leaves the will all limp and helpless, and blots everything from put the i world, but the Prospero who has evoked the storm. "3fo, we shall not part," he broke in upon her murmured protest. " It is useless to tell me not to come. As well might you forbid your flowers here to turn towards the light. Nature' is stronger than you are, Bessie; stronger than I am. Do you think I have not struggled and fought my way through the same scruples and doubts that have assailed you ? And with the same result. "Sou have tried to cast out this dream from your heart; but, dear, you cannot. Night aind day the sweet, insistent torment has clung to you, has pursued you with whispers of a joy too great to be renounced-not meant to be renounced. No, you shall not speak-" as she tried to stop the words that tortured her-"I know what you would say, and I will cot listen. All those illogical, timid considerations would find no place in your heart if it were on fire like mine. What is the world to you or to me, with its j .puerile social laws, and ineffectual barriers? Follow the voice of love in your heart, and leave the rest to me. Do not speak; look up into my face, and let me read those true eyes ! Come. Bessie; come to me, sweet. Come to me for life-for ever His voice was husky with passion, and the : arms lie held out to her trembled with one of the truest emotions he had ever known. | ' " I cannot, I cannot," she faltered, with a sob in her voice. j " Yet you love me! I feel you do ; while I-my God ! child, I worship you ! You drive me "mad with your quiet, cool ways and tender eyes ! Tell me, dear,"' he went on more.quietly, " had I been free would you have answered .differently ? Would you have been my wife 5" "All! Kecyon." . " Say, would you ?" " Fes," very softly. "My sweet !" And in a second she was in his arms, and he was kissing her greedily on lips and cheek-kisses that burned deep into her soul, and sent the blood of a new life shivering and tingling* through her veins. For a moment i;he wonder of this new bliss that verged so 'closely upon pain blotted everything from her consciousness, and she forgot the struggle that was still unfinished, with all its doubts and fears and the dim, prophetic instinct of sorrow in the future. .; . "No, sweetheart,.let me hold you so," as she drew back breathless and trembling from hip passionate ... embrace, " while we reason a little together.If you would have married me, why slioulcl you hesitate to come to ine now, why clo.ud your life and mine With this.chimera., of .the. world ? Can you not love nje inpi'e.tlian the world ? What is its .Verdict is you.oi'to ih.e ? . I know you so well, my,' irhi£e .djsirlmgi ,my pure-souled Sessiel !; Ib 'i6 fiqtp^np^ti.ior you that.I understand and ie^eCgnce you ? Can you not tirust^'taeTTs not-your love strong enough for; tSn&F; ; ,r: u Ttis not tliafc .1 could trust you, Ken yon: : I' ijo" not care whit others would think,"'she aiiswfere'dj b'rokenly; "but we both owe something to another law.. We have no right' to' briho;- sorrow on your wifeJ"' ; _ . ' <ii'fiufe'hy 3dhfld;! . Yjbtu -arjs speaking of what you do1 uot understand! For years my Wife ' and I have been .the merest acquaint ances-liardly friends even,., and the little time we spend together 5S4 almost always disagreeably spei»tv How should you'under stand a'cold j hoarse,'jealous nature like hois -you,who are so tender and' so fine? -And yet she is- a gocid woman in .her impassive way ; 'but we are lxke Oil and water.You are tay true1 mate,' the wife of my soul, the one woman whose'evay thought and impulse gwiwj Ah ! I could-do great things with you always beside me to be. my itispiiatioii-my Egeria ! See!" taking her passive hand in his-"in the hollow of this dear hand lies my life ! Xou can make it Heaven or hell for me, Bessie ! My love, my love "-his voice broke-use your power mercifully! De not be hard upon us both; for you know you cannot condemn me to nlisery without suffering yourself!" ... It was piteous to see lier vacillation and uncertainty-hers who bad always been so strong, and so prompt. But a volcano had suddenly broken forth amid the cool green pastures of her life, burying all her land marks under,its lava flow, and. driving her to a iate that she was powerless to resist. A strange sense of calm, and peace, and happiness succeeded to the stormy doubts and" fears of the last few weeks. Everything appeared to Bessie under a new aspect, and she sang blithely as she painted. . For she had entered herLand of Beulah, the Canaan of our foolish, love-craving- hearts.. Ah me, that its boundaries arfe bo ." narrow, and that its exits yawn so pitilessly wide upon the dark waste of disenchantment I At first she had blamed': herself bitterly for havicg striven against Kenyon so !on». Since she loved him, why had she tried to erect barriers against him, and to shut him out into the loveless cold of the ' world whence he had coine to seek her ? Those barriers, too, bad been* built of selfish ness, of contemptible fear.« for herself, of an unwomanly hick of generosity in her. But all that was past now ; she had tasted the joy of self- abnegation, of self-effacement that is the heart of love; and she knew that the work she had to do in this world was the delightful task of makingher Kenyon happy. That was the true morality of love, and all the rest was empty nonsense invented by a foolish world that did not know how to be thankful for its owu blessings. She looked back, with wondering pity for herself, upon the quiet days before she had known Kenyon; and with the grand I triumphant tones of her life-music pealing in her ears, those far-ofl days seemed like ! dumb notes in the soi:g. It was not until lo:;g afterwards that she realised that tiiey j were rests ; rests which, though they are ] not music, "have the making of music in I them.| " Do you really love me, Bessie?-love me j well enough to be quite happy, just because I iove you and we belong to each other ! " Kenyoii said to' her one day. She nestled yet more closely to him, and silently laid her line soft fingers on his ! check ; for she was shy of words at times with the only ruah she had ever loved, this woman of seven-and- twenty. Apparently the. pretty action satisfied him-for a time at least. "And I'm no good, dear," be went on, a, little sadly; "a queer, eccentric sort of fellow ; never doing anything I dislike, aud never denying myself a thing I want-a seiCsh brute. But I -never yet went back on a friend or gave np a scheme I had promised to carry, through. The world would tell you, aud tell you truly, that I am not St to ask for any good woman's love"-it was one of Kenyon Blake's most dangerous and alluring tricks to affect at times what most men would loot upon as quite a reckless candour and frankness; he, the most fluent and convincing liar who ever wore the livery of Ananias !-" but I worship you, Bessie And though I have loved scores of otb ? women, and have been loved by them, ne Cl one has bad the power to move me as you ver you sweet, sweet girl I" . 'do, The mouths sped by almost unnoticed by Bessie, who, once the great plunge had been made, had forgotten all her struggles and been madly, almost defiantly, happy. That she had deteriorated goes without saying; for, with the sad humility of a loving woman, she had tried to descend to Kenyon :s level, having found it impossible to raise him t« hers. And things had not prospered with Keyon. A financial blighf had fallen on the City, and he could find no scope for his persuasive talents and no market for his speculative schemes. Notwithstanding his aristocratic pretensions, be was not. sufficiently a g^ntle | man to wear a shabby ccat with ease; and having expensive habits, it was not long before he exhausted not ouly his own resources but also those of his friends who were confiding enough to trust him. Bessie . being in the secret of all his ventures soon j knew of his embarrassments, and tried to stem the tide with her little store. Kenyon j demurred at first, bat scon allowed himself to be silenced with her loving sophistries. And so, by forties and fifties, the slender bank account grew less. And Ninette banged her pans about more viciously than i ever, and drove the dustmen, whom she I held in especial abhorrence, to the verge af suicide. j And as the spring ripened into summer the first cloud g-athered on Bessie's horizon. Mrs. Blake, who had been on the Continent [ for a year, signified her intention of spend ing the season in London, aud desired Kenyon to look out some suitable house for her. The request with its consequent j expenditure, staggered him, but as his wife ; was always the last person to whom he wished bis difficulties to be known, he trusted, with the true gamblers spirit, to some lucky coup to set bim straight, and | prepared to receive her. Bessie looked on, [ and for the first time grew jealous. He had been so wholly hers, that she had at times almost forgotten that other claim- and now ! In vain Kenyon assured her of his undivided allcgiance, and grumbled lustily at the annoyauce his wife's caprice caused ! him; in spite of his increased tenderness and caresses, the sting remained. Really pained by her distress, he devised a whim sical cure, aud contrived a plan whereby Bessie should see his wife and judge for herself how little she was to be feared as a rival. And the cure was completely success ful. Bessie had been prepared to hato the wanian . whom she had wronged, and whose very existence had wrecked all the sacred hopes of wifehood and motherhood that nestle at the heart of every woman who is worthy of the name ; but at the sijrht of her all resentment and jealousy faded for ever from her heart. Mrs. Blake was a weary-looking woman whose eight-and-thirty years sat heavily on her, and, without being stout, she gave the impression of weight and thickness by reason of her unelastic tread and the clumsy contour of ankles aud wrists. As a girl she must have been rather pretty, and uncon sciously one expected to see her in the costume of the early seventies-a costume one felt that -had been becoming to her. But by some strange freak of form , or feature, no skill of modern dressmaker could bring her up to date, or hide that fatal inborn dowdinese-before which eveu.I'elix and Worth - would have confessed; them selves powerless.. To Bessie, with her quite, distinctive chie, there was isomethingji^he . tic iu this';- and as she noticcd liew^ the | supplementary twist of bright golri empha j sised thefadedness -of the once pretty hair, she -was 'filled with a half . contemptuous pity.. This sad, -colourless woman, who looked as .though;'all; the 'glad generovis blood had turned.-to water in her veins, and who bore a whole. tragedy of broken hopes and wistful, straining after 'die love; she1 bad , lost-if, indeed," 'she had ever had it- in her dim, wfafte laslied, eyes, - could never , .again awaken Bessie's envy. Had Keuyon Blake, with hia restless energy and full pulsing vitality, his quickness and activity of thought and body, sought,.the. world ^pver. for a more uncongenial mate than , this-dull*' lymphatic woman, whq,dragged;-like a millstone upon his career, it is doubtful whether he could havefound.one.-..... . , .'- .-. .. - As Bessie turned ,aw?.y, she realised as never before,that it was she wh? wasmdeed his true wife-the.wife of hissoul, as tie-had ( said.; but somehow .thprer was tinge -of. bitterness in'&er; joy that .shedid not under stand. : . , . ... '.. It was just after this that Kenyon w«n£ suddenly to Paris to try. and tilt the scales of Eortune -jii fayqrar of <>iie' of his schemes tbadiras tTembliig inJiiei balance: He was almost penniless; imt with"' 'the sublime audacity thiit was one of the factors of his success with women, bo posed there as o veritable Paladin of finance; and it was from the Hotel Continental that Bessie 'received the daily loving letters, full" of hopes and promises, and passionate vows, that so amply satisfied her unexacting tenderness. . With the fatal capacity for ? devo-iion and self-sacrifice that "distinguished her, she fretted over ber lover's impecuniosity, and finally gathering together the remnants of ber saleable sketches and jewellery, sent hia fivecrisp, clean £5 notes ; arid then, with a light heart, walked blithely through the mud and fain to save the threepence that; an omnibus would have cost her. -S? . ' -When he returned he had the grace to feel ashamed when lie missed a hoop of fine diamonds that he had always seen on Bessie's finger. Hitherto she had, with ddicatc tact, selected things, which she wore but seldon ;; but these had all gone. - " Will ypu love me the less that my hands J are bare ?" she asked, laughing ; " you sillyj boy, to fuss about such a trifle 1". i And then he. talked in his large way of i the magnificent things he was going to do in the near future, until Bessie began to»b,Ianir; herself for not having sufficiently appreciated the privilege of denying- herself the neces saries of life, and to feel that her poor little hundreds must seem very paltry .to, this princely hero of liers! ' , But worse was to come; and a few months afterwards Bessie stood for the last time by ? the great north window of her sfcudioj and . looked sadly out at the dripping gardens. J Some of Kenyon Blake's kites were flying . home to roost, and the furnished house that: he had taken had to be paid for; writs had' I beesi issued; and altogether matters looked ; ugly for him. j Bessie's Course had been prompt, and the , pretty cottage had been transferred to an ' artist who had long coveted it. ! Everything was packed ; everything ready I for Ijer departure; and poor Janet^e was | shiveriug patiently out in the gusty hall, ! and wishing that Madame would remember ! that the marketing had yet to be done before I i^ey could think of settling down to rest in i tlie dingy Thayer-streefc lodgings whither ! they were bound. And already it was nearly I four, and the gloomy December afternoon was drawing to a close. Yet Bessie lingered. She was filled with a fierce exultation of j sacrifice, and the keen, sweet pleasure of j being of use to the man she loved. Was it I not to tide him over a disastrous moment, j I and to.keep a roof over his wi£e:5 lie.id, that j | she hati converted everything: available into i ! ready cash ? All, and the delight of doing i it! j And it was with a smiling face and happy ; heart that Bessie Langley passed out of her : home. .Tust. before she reached the gate a j few unnoticed twigs of " common ; honesty," which had survived thus late ia a ! sheltered corner, attracted her attention, ] and with an impulse of pleasure, she stooped J to gather these white ghosts of the vanished ' summer. But, as her hand touched them, | the thin, silvery disks fluttered down among \ their dead companions, leaving the naked stalks to shiver in the chill, damp air-! If early eighteen months later, all London crowded to see a picture that hung ia one of the gallories of Burlington House, and had been purchased by the trustees of the Chantrey Bequest. It was a large cauvas, and bore' ih one corner the initials " E. L." A woiaao clothed in sad-colourcd garments stood erect in the ceutre of a woodland path and gazed straight out at the spectator. The dead leaves rustled at her feet, and the bare trees were coldly outlined against'the heavy grey skv of early winter. The very spirit of desolation was pictured there, and the key to the story lay in the only gleam of colour in the canvas-a scarlet letter that glowed and burned upon the woman's breast -the A of the Puritan aaultress. ' But it was not Hester JPryntie the sinner, silent, scornful, impenitent, as her judges saw lier ; but Hotter, the despairing woman, alone among the ruins of her love, crushed and dazed by the cowardly defection of the man who had been her god, her conscience, her ideal of' all that was manly and trust worthy and true. The pillars of ber world had given way, and everything was tottering under her; for he had failed her. And since he was false, what was there left for her to cling to? " It is quite heart-breaking, isn't it, Mr. Lester?" a pretty girl had said to Dudley at the private view; *' but Mr. Gurnett was -mistaken when he said that Miss Langley had been her own model. It isn't her face at all" And the man had murmured, uuder -bis breath, " 'No; it is only lier soul!" Soon after Bessie had left Canal Gardens IJenyon Blake secured an appointment in Melbourne as manager of some concern in which he was interested. Sis expenses were to be paid, the salary was good, and he was to receive a considerable sum before his departure. "So you see, little girl, we are coming out all right: and in a few months I shall buy out that- fellow who has got your little place, and you shall have a studio of your own again," he said, with a fine burst of ierdly generosity. A few days before he sailed, Bessie. whose uncaleulating passion was as ready to ask in good faith as to give, told him that she was literally penniless, and that there was heavy interest coming due upon money that she had raised for him at various times. It was the first time she had ever reminded him of the privations she was suffering ; and ] probably she would not have done no had he < not previously assured her that some ! hundreds of pounds had been paid in to him j within the week. I But she had not reckoned the new clothes ! there were to buy, the dinners there were to j give, and the cigars and perfumery and whisky to be laid in for the voyage, and the dozen other far more important claims Co exhaust his money than the daily needs of the womau who had beggared herself for him. ; " Of course, I had thought of that, and I will see to it before I leave. Don't worry or ] fret, for everything is coming straight at; last." And his answer had been sufficient] to satisfy Bessie's trustful heart. j Towards evening of the day before hie departure, after she had waited for him all duy, a telegram came : '. Terribly busy. Meet me at Docks, s.s. Alexa. Sail at eleven. So sorry." Sick at heart at losing him, Bessie set out at the appointed time, and Kenyon was tender, and apologetic and talkative ; and more prodigal of wonderful promises than ever. " I've arranged everything with Towers, so write to him the moment you- get homej and he will see you are all right. I shall send you more the minute I land, so don't worry, my dear,, dear girl.- Pm half 'crazy at leaving ypu, but it will only be for a, few months, and then .I'll show you how mtich I love yp.u !'? And foolish Bessie became hopeful cince more, apd her, sad faqe grew less white, and drawn hs she eiupg trustfully to the coward hand, that had despoiled her. . . - Mrv Towers .replied ,to Bessie's, guarded letter' in terms of strictest politeness, arid regretted that Mr. Blakehad-not given him insfcruefcions to act for bim in any way ;.bufe he inclosed that gentleman's address, and expressed bhe opinipn that any communica tion addressed direct to him would receive his attention. , ;o . ? - Time crept slowjy., on, arid. Bessie and: Ninette came perilously near starvation ; for Bcssie foiuid' it was more difficult to. sell:: her work when sl)? Jiawked; it round lierself than wheel receiving the dealers in her ;own: studio, since''feven .dealers are not above being influenced , by ' the surroundings, of their, customers. Then she grasped at that forlorn hope' 'of' the "gently-reared poor-.. teaching-; arid, grudged bravely, through, the wintry streets" to give her lessons'. , At the ead of three months she received, through .Mi\ JTowftrs,^^heque for £10. " -~~ - - It was the last communication Bessie ever roc _ived from the manSibr whomj.she had sacrificed JrimI -suffered..inucH.^jaitfoough. she learned f^mTanons feoun^^Hitli^ was faultlessly clothed .as le'vsiy aiicl spending his money with all the old open-handed princely generosity-upon himself. Rome women^ babble of their sorrows to whosoever lends au ear, and so find comfort; but Bessie was not one of these, and even to Ninette she had neiver spoken Kenyon's name. Into her picture, she breathed the ch&os; of her souL lb was her one dumb pretest and appeal-the one silent expression of Jjer anguish. Some years have' passed since Elizabeth Langley exhibited the'picture which made her famous ; audshe is now one of the most eagerly-soiight-aflber y^men 1'in London ; for it i#3 only-in novels that hearts are never healed. The1 Miss Bavisliams do not live outside the pages of. the romancer. But Bessie is "Bessie" no longer; the soft diminutive does not fit the "queenly woman who bears her statelier-naine'ii) fuJjL She is gentle in jnanher 'as of yore, with the added grace of the fiuished worldling. "But the, true softness and trustfulness of her nature has for^ ever; ,vanis]i©d| -for -she ;ha£ passed ? througK" best Baptism of Fire, and learned herlesspn of life ; and it Jias left her ini riassive, and scornful, and coldlv evnirad < at heart; .r^tisLjjecllErotB 