a procession of ghosts. Daily Ouuoniglk. Hore is a fair parade of the ghosts of literary ladies who woro once extremely popular. Tbo show is a most entertaining one, and very far from uninstructlve. Mrs. Hamilton has done her work happily und well, understanding pre cisely what it L that we readers and writers of to-day do»iro to know concerning theso erstwhile heroine of the qui)!. Vory fow of thom appeal to us any longor through thoir 14 works j" bub their "wAyH," tho stones of their Uvob, how they CAme to write, how their successes woro won, wiiat thoir rowards were, what nolo con temporary criticism took of thorn, what figure they mado in thoir world— all this is interesting to us. Hero ore many ladies admirably shown forth, almost every typo of writing woman, poote, novelists, dramatists, essayists ; Francos Barney, whoso 44 satirical little pen" has nob yeb losb its virtuo, for the Diary is delightful reading; tlio Astonishing Do Staiil, 44 tho Rogum of Litoraturo," with hor whito arms, hor turban and hor terrific tonguo ; that terribly flue young oreaturo, Mrs. Itiohbahl, a perma nent typo of tlio litoiary adventuress; Joanna Baillic, tho ScotoU minister's daughter, and 44 tho only woman who has evor written a oreditabio tragedy;" Lady Anno Barnard, who gave us tho immortal Auld Robin Gray and no moro ; Lady Nairn, who wrote the Land o' the Leal ; tho horrific Anne Radcliffe, who gave two generations tho shivers ; Mr. Barbauld, Hannah Moro, 44 dear Aunt Jano" Austen, tho radiant Lady Blossiugton and obhers. Clearly, fame of all hut tho highest ordor is primarily, aud in many cases entirely an affair of fashion. The judgment of tho public seems all but valueless, and that of the accredited critics scarcely hotter. Oue is astonished on turning over Mis. Hamilton's brieht uatresto read the praises which Dr. Johnson, Sir "Whiter Scott, Iluzlitt, Byron, Lundor laviwhc'd upon plays, poems or novels which havo lain rotting this many a year on tiic least accessible sholves of tho obscurest comer in tho library. Equally olour iH it, howovor, that any woman (wo aro treating only of the gontlo sox to-day) who acquired literary farno during hor lifctiino is at least great iu her own genera tion. "Whatever may be tho gonoral average of intelligence at any period, to bo so far in ad vance of it as to bucumo a " popular " author is a very signal distinction. Nearly all of Mrs. Hamilton a ghosts wore extraordinarily popular ladies iu thoir day ; inunv of tlioin overy bit as popular (and as sedulously 44 boomed " by distin guished critics) as tho tallest literary giants of our own quarter of a century. But what is significant is this, that tho very small number of them whoso reputa tions have survived were tho onos who wore leastregarded bytbeir contemporaries. Mrs. Rad cliffe was to tho full as popular as Mr. Rider Haggard ; and Scott, when ho read Joanna Ruiliio's tragedy of Do Montfort, actually wrote iu Marmion that 44 Avon's swans "should deem 44 thoir own .Shakespeare lived again;" but Jano' Austen did not rncot during hor lifotimc oue siitglo critic worthy of her genius. Sho had 44 slept in her quiet gravo jn Winchester Cathedral " six years when Atclihishop Whatoly first told the roadem of the Quarterly Jlcvicw what manner of woman sho was. So much for fame, ladies 1 GHOST l— madame d'arrlay. In a gay opening chapter, Mrs. Hamilton brings Frances Burnoy (Madame d'Arblay) boforo us. Fame burst all of a sudden upon 44 Dr. Burney's timid little daughter" She wrote Evdina at 26, followed it up with Cecilia , and was the wonder of the day. Ono can imagine hor feelings when she heard that Johnson could repeat whole pages of Evelina. Sheridan urged her to write a comedy, arid society caressed her. Then came tho memorable presentation to Georgo III., so delioiously de scribed in tho Diary, aud after that tho fivo years of penal servitude at court as keopcr of tho Queen's wardrobe. Theso posts of upper servants at court should always be reserved for tho nobility ; they aro not at nil fit for persons of genius, and it is rather gratifying than other wise to think that Frances Buinuy madoaworso wardrobe keeper than any duchess would havo done. However, posterity owes a good deal of the Diary to it, so posterity is selfishly glad of Miss Burney's servitudo. Rest her gentio aud witty aslios ! she has for sure had hor "re venge of Mrs. Sohwcllenberg in the shade ! Wo may fairly write her down a« tho mothor of tho modern school of fiction. ghost ii.— mkb. 1nchrald. The gay .ghost of Chupter II. was once tho gifted, beautiful and much daring Elizabeth Inohbald, 44 something botween a milkmaid and a lady," who would bo on actress, and who at the nee of ID. 44 on 11th Anril 1772, early in tho morning, left my mother's house unknown to anyone, camo to London in the Norwich fly and got lodgings at the Rose and Crowu, in St. John- street." Hero com menced a scries of adventures, generally amusing, but not always strictly correct, tempered by a diet of 44 penny rolls and water." A widow at 26, after a mixed experience of the stage in London and provinces and cheap lodgings in Franco, she began to play at Covent Gardon at £1 6s. 8d. a week, and three years later she is the brilliant Mrs. Inchbald, actress, authoress, wit nnd beauty, who gets £130 for a farce, and £900 for a comedy. Her novels, the Simple Story (which Maria Edgeworth read three times) and Nature nnd Art , show a deli cate and feeling heart, considerable tragic powor and often a fine sense of style. Hazlitt con sidered Nature and Art one of tbe most inter esting And pathetio stories ever written." In her declining years, when her beauty bad forsuken ber, and she was living in solitary lodgings Baving money for her sister, Madame do Stool insisted upon mooting her at a third person's house, and nsked hor why she ahunnod society. 44 Because I dread tho loneliness that will fol low." "What I will you feel your solitude more when you return from this company than you did before you came ?" 44 Yes ; . . . I have no ono to tell that I have seen you, no ono to whom I can repeat the many cucomiums you have passed on my Simple Story , no ono to enjoy any of your praiseshut myself." She died nt68, "repentant nnd forgetful of tho world," though it would be a bard judge who would say that she had much to rcpsnt of. Sho made tho world laugh and weep. ghost nr.— madame db stael. Way now for the thaumaturgic De Stniil hcrnolf. Really ono hardly knows, though she has been dead tluee-quartors of a century, how to sum up this extravagant, heroic creature. Her own age seems never to have known exactly what to muko of her. To some great ones she was a delight, to others a terror and a torment. She was certainly one of tho personalities of tho Europo of her day, and (as with Beaconsfield) it is as a personality more than as a writer that she survive. Mooro dubbed her 44 tho Begum of Literature," and that felicitous phrnso tells moio than a dozen pages of oriticism of Delphine and Corinne. Yet her renown as a writer was European. In Edinburgh "teamed and scien tific men stopped in the streets to talk of her now novel." Sho was the most prodigious and quonchlesH talker of her day. Byron complained of the time riie sat after dinner — 44 tho gentle men wished Mrs. Corrino in the drawingroom." One has a vast vision of her still, waving her white arms through tho drawingrooms of Europe, seizing all men by the button hole, haranguing the universe op universal topics. Talleyrand has told how she would burst out ( thus, without an atom of provocation: 44 Rise from thy ashes, O Rousseau I and en- ; courage in his career tho man who, having to contend with the extremity ot misery, aims at securing tho perfect good." Heavens, what a female! Goothe groaus out how 44 she dashes in without note or warning, fells you with n club, and the next minute you mu»t begin piping tunes for her, atul jig them from subjeot to sub ject." Napoleon could not breathe tlio same air with her ; she must bo banishod 40 lenguus from Paris. "NYhen the Duke of Marlborough, 44 who had not spoken for three years," heard that she was coming to Marlborough he oricd, 44 Take mo away !" Yet this was a generous and high souled creature, with a passion for liberty and incapable of giving pain ; and she thought the Lord's Traycr worth all the metaphysics iu creation. Perhaps Byrou was not fnr wrong whon ho excl&imod;, 44 She would have made & groat man !" ghost iv.— mrs. barbauld. All mention of tho worthy Mrs. Barbauld leaves us, we must confess, very cold. We ennnob read hor Books for Children , nor tho poem called 1811 (which undoubtedly gave Macantay his inspiration for the fnmous passage about the New Zeataudcr) ; but wo would never go so fnr as to approvo the eccentric young man who composed for hia private joy on elaborate paper discussing 44 Tho Best Way of Putting an End to Mrs. Barbauld' Life." This was, in good sooth, an admirable and a Imudsome woman ; a good classical scholar, the friend and correspondent of many of her most eminent contemporaries; and us for those Books for Children , it were kindly to say with Dr. Johnson, 44 To plant the first idea in a human mind, sir, can bo no dishonor to any band." She could read at 2 years old, whioh was going one year better than Swift ; she had three or four old lovers, who 44 never coaso to look upon hor with nfTeotion as well as admira tion and she lived blamelessly for 82 years. Wordsworth said that he wished ho had written thoso two lines of hers : — Life ! we have boon long together,. Through ploasaub aud through stormy weather. Adieu, adieu, good Barbauld 1 GHOST V.— HANNAH MORE. Hannah More is anothor of Mrs. Hamilton's estimubles to whoso works our heart will not warm. Hore, novertholess, Is a most pleasing picture of her, a various woman, Puritan to tho roots, infinitely platitudinous as often as she took up tho pen, out with lovcable little lapses into worldineBS in her social intercourse. The begins as a girl with her Ldttrs to Depraved Characters , and winds up with her cheap repository traots, of whioh 2,000,000 wero Bold in one year In botween, we may just noto her novol of Calebs in Search of a 1PVA?, whioh has glimpses of a dry wit. Every thing sho wrote 44 was greeted with flattery and applause porhaps not too wisely bestowed. She was at homo with the Garrioks and a pet of Johnson's. We see her beaming in tlio theatre one night, and anon hear hor mourning over "the strawberries which cost £150 at Lady Storrnont's hroakfast last Saturday." Macautay called her his socond mothor. A thoroughly in teresting and idiosyncratic. woman, but, when there tu question of hor literary works, wo must rospeobfully beg, with the Duke of Marlborough, to be taken away. ! home RCOTGII ghosts. Over thoso rare Scotch . HoqgtreijgQ8, Lady Anno Barnard and Lady Nairn, wo need not delay. ' Mrs. Hamilton has sketched them both charmingly. Wo pnuso only tqj note a otirious virtuo (whioh in some cases, -however, amounted to an almost morbid weakness) displayed by many of those bygone ladies of the pen. It was their resoiutedotermiuatioii to hide their literary light under a bushel. Tbey shrank from helng known and applauded as authoresses, Fair ladles, what say you to this? Whon all the country knew Auld Robin Gray, and the French had translated it, and the Society of Antiquaries were offering a reward of £20 " to anybody who would throw lighton the subject," Lady Anne "remained resolutely silent," When Lady Nairn was writing thoso braw Jacobite songs, the fire of which has not died in them at this day, sho allowed it to bo supposed that .she was all tbo while inditing lovo letters to hor Hweethoart. HTRAIGIIT FROM TUE CHARNEL ItOUBE. Tlio wide and noisy famnof tho supersensitive Mrs. Radciiffe need not in auy way surpriso us. In any day of the sensational novel alio would havo had a clamorous public. In otirowtrday she would have boon no rival of Mr. 9t.ovunHon, but alio would havo run Mr. Rider Ilaggprd (not in rospuct of King Solomon's Mines, but in respect of She) a rather hard race ; alio would have loft tho I/awtom Cab manufacturer nowhere ; mid Miss Uiuddon, and certainly Mrs. Henry Wood, would have had to look to their laurels. Mrs. RadclifTo founded tho school of honor, and, within limits, she was a mistress of it. Bho hnd no wit, no humor aud not tho descriptions ; and with greater restraint, a finer technique ami n aiigiitiy more spiritual imagina tion, she would havo surpassed Godwin, and would have been at least abreast of Lo Funu. Ah it is, we know her only ns a skilful mechanist; and since she herself lmn let uh into all the secrets of her very material ohnrnei house, wo arc not in tho least afraid of her. Still wo fancy that she tells them an occasional good ghost story on tho other side of Styx, though we havo no doubt that, amongst that 44 posthumous humanity," Jano Austen makes as inuch fan of her us ever. GHOSTS ALL AND SUNDRY. Amelia Opie is hero, nnd Mrs. Hamilton would fain interest us in the author of Father and Daughter ; but, indeod, we do not think ari penny the better of Sir James Macintosh far confessing to tears over thoso sentimental pages. ! Yet the luohrymoso Opie was lachrymose only in her 44 copy;" smart circles adoied her as a Tom Mooro in petticoats. Littlo tender hearted, honest Mihs Mitford, what shall we say of her? Sho kept a Micawta-r of. a father in pockot money ; sho wrote llicnzi, which was acted at Drury Lane ; and Our Village (not a play), which has passages as delicate as Lamp's ; sho stands cloao to Cowper as a letter writer; she was eulogised by Kings- ley an 44 tbo single eye. the daughter of light;" sho lived a long life of whole souled devotion to others, and nobody ever had the heart to toll her that she once went to an evening party with tho shop ticket hanging from the border of her brand now even ing cup. It is less than 40 years since flights of angels song Mis Mit-; ford to her rest. Maria Edgeworth fills tho chapter after Mrs. Radcliffe. Has modern crifcioism anything to say to tho elaborately moral Maria? It cannot quiqt pas9 her by, if Castle llackrtni bo acknow ledged as 44 tbo parent of tho largo family of Irish novcta," and wo believe it may lay claim to that distinction. But Maria herself, and all the 47 volumes that sho ventured her namo to, are nebulous existences at this day. We can still read tho Essay on Bulls and Blunders, whioh sho wrote in collaboration with her fncher (Maiia'h relations with her father aro a part tim romance of lottcrB ; he was to her what George Henry Lewes was to George Eliot), but we dan > any touch of genius; and tlio Moral Ttdcx. vlt;ch appear to have given her such placo as she d.'.s in letters, we could not never think of as fit for anything but parody. Mr. Bumnnd might deal with the pick of them as he daait with Sand ford and Afcrton. The author of Sandford and AJcrton , by the way, was a friend of Maria's ingenious father, Maoaulay praised hor at the dinnor table, Mooro called her "delightful, "and Byron mentions hor in his Diary as 44 a nico littlo unassuming Jeanio Deaus looking body. . . . . her conversation as quiet as herself." And she was the lioness of London tbo yoar after Byron had been its lion. Wo must leavo the rest of Mrs. Hamilton's entertaining ghosts— Sydney OwenBon (Lady Morgan) whose story is so much more captivat ing than her stories ; Joanna B&illie;, whoicou/d write plays with a purpose, and whom Scott himself could not immortalise Snsnn Ferrier. of whom Christopher North wondered whore in heaven she picked up her knowledge of the world, and whom inoAutiouH admirers have called 44 the Scotch Jane Austen," and Lady Blessington, who mado £5000 a year by a pen which in these days would have bceu worth about £2 n week to her in Mr. Yates's column of What the World Says. 