Mrs. Jones' Tramp. Mr Jones frequently boasted among bis friends that his wife was a woman without nerves, and never had hysterics like some people he could name. And he was right. Mrs Jones, as everybody knows was a sensible, healthy, wellbalanced woman with no nonsense about her. She isn't afraid to sit up all night when Jcptha is at the club, and she makes it lively for him when he gets home in the morning. A man who wouldn't appreciate a woman like that isn't a little bit of good. But Mrs Jones began to think that perhaps she was a little too self-reliant and helpful, and that Mr Jones was inolined to shirk those lover- like attentions which had once been tbe sunshine of her life. " Too bad about that poor little Mrs Sim- son," said Jones the other night as he ate his supper. " What's the matter with her ?" asked Maria coldly. ''Didn't you hear about it ? She waB alone in the bouse when a tramp walked in and demanding money, frightened her almost to death." " Hasn't she sense enough to lock the doors when she's alone?" inquired Mrs Jones. " She gave him all the money in the house and then screamed until the neighbours heard her." " Why didn't she do her screaming first ? I've no patience with such women," continued Mrs Jones. " Maria, you must remember that yon are different from other women. You can take care of yourBelf. Mrs Simson is one of those timid, clinging little creatures who are afraid of their own shadows. When her husband went home he found all the neighbors at the house and his wife in hysterics." "H'm. a nice kind of a wife that for a man to have." 4 1 Maria, you have no sympathy. Tou think because you have no nerves that no other woman has any. The majority of women are clinging, timid things, and such an experience frightens them ont of all eelfcontrol, Then Mi Jonea took his hat ana went down to the office, where he had Bome work to do, telling hia wife to ring him up if any one dropped in for a game of whist. Mrs Jones gave the girl permission to go out; then she locked up the house and sat down to her s&wing.; ShewaBn't afraid, nor lonely, nor nervous, but she was thinking. " Clinging, timid creatures ? H'm ! I'd like to know what some of them find to cling to. • Poor little Mrn. Simson.' Endearing diminutivee. Evidently Mrs Simson isn't anybody's fool. I wish 1 clung more. If 1 were going to be born asain, I'd be a dinger next time, and scream if £ saw my shadow. What's that?" It was a sharp distinct noise in the kitohen- Mrs Jones did not stand on the order of her going, but went at once. She took her table lamp with her, and ss she stepped across the threshold confronted the intruder. Her heart went down into her boots. " Wretch !" she exclaimed ; "how did yon get in ? You must have been hidden in the house. Oh 1 mercy save me! help !" Mr Jones was sitting in his office hard at jj work smoking like a factory chtmney when his telephone rung. " Hello," he called," who wants me ?" There was a faint and ghostly whisper of " Jeptha." He rung iip and rung up, and at last he made out that Mrs Jones was in mortal peril and needed his immediate return. This was something so unusual that it bothered Jones a good deal. It can't be the grip," he thought; "it wouldn't dare to attack Maria." He hurried to hia house and let himself in ! by a latch key. Mrs Jones was in violent hysterics. " What has happened ?" he asked. " Are you hurt,Maria?" " No, only frightened," gasped Mrs JoneB, swooning at sight of him. He ran for the camphor, but found a bottle of alcohol instead and applied it liberally. In a few moments -Maria began to scream, all tbe time clinging convulsively to Mr. Jones. " Don't claw me so," he Baid, jerking his coat from her hands. ." I thought you had more sense than to go into fits over anything. What was it anyhow—the tramp ?" " Mercy, no! Worse, a thousand times worse," eaid Mrs Jones, feebly resuming the perpendicular. Burglars ?" Worse than burglars." "It wasn't a ghost, was it ?" asked Jones, looking behind him. " Ob, no, Mr Jones, you don't think a ghost would have frightened me. No, it was a great, awful mouse !" In view of what followed, Mrs Jones thinks she will never try the clinging act again. She says she never listened to such language in her lite. 