SCHOOL OF ARTS, WOONONA, I AND ITS DETRACTORS. (To the Editor.) Sin, — I extract a paragraph from nn articlo hoadod ' Solf-culturo' in tho Bulli and Clifton Times of tho 13th instant, which I trust you will insort in your paper. It roads as follows : — 'Certainly wo havo a School of Arts — ono of the ol lost estab lishments of this ordor in tho colony ; a School of Ana — save the mark— 'which would bo a standing disgmco to any com munity, oven though it hud only coma into oMmooce. n is sotany inadequate oven for tho requirements of lho very few who pa'roni-o i*. Learned readers aro unable to find anything up to thoir standard, and tho uncultured nothing to begin on siyo a prep mderanco of light litoraturo fit only to kindlo tho tiros of pnsiion. Lot us hope that some attempt will bo mado to remedy tho evil now that tho witiior is upon us; and tho pursuit of true wealth, in tho com munion of thought, will result in drawing tho community together.' This pieco of composition, which appoars to mo to have been written with tho direct intention of injuring an institution which wo members aro juBtly proud of, was replied to in tho issuo of April 25th by a Mr. Urosthwaito in the following torms, to which is also an nexed a sort of explanation : — ' Sir, — Tha writi-r of tho articlo in tho '1'imc.i of Wed nesday last, headod 'Self-culture,' certainly went very much out of his way by referring in such a disparaging manner to our local School of Arts, but whether tho production bo the result of gross ignornioo or tho malicious spito of iho writer is immaterial, and I trust you will allow me, as one of its members, to ontor my protest agaiust this scurrilous attack on an ins' i tur ion which has been an inostimablo boon to the community at large, and is largely patron isod by the neighboring gentry. His scathing remarks regirding iho library are without the slightest foundation, as ita shelves are lined with books of travel, history, mechanics, as well as tho standard writers of romance, to which he takes such exception. But putting the library on ono side, the incompleteness of which only exists in his inability to appreciate the high class of literature which it contains, ono great boon in connection with the School of Arts is its reading-room, in which a goodly number of membors congregate overy night to read the papers of tho day, or engage in a quiet game of wliist, clicss, or draughts. To my idea this is a much more profitable way of spending tho even ing than in frequenting the public houses and loafing about tho township, and 1 think the writer of this precious production ought to be ashamed of himself for having written iu such an untruthful, malicious way about an institu ion which doo3 credit to its managing committee. To quote lvs own words, ' lcarnod roaders aro unable to nnd anything up to their standard.' 1 should like this veritab'e Solomon to toll me what his standard is wlion ho can learn nothing from such writers as Lord Bacon, Macaulay, Dickens, et hoc genus omne, whose works he can s udy whenever he fee's inclined to, if it would not prove derogatory to his stupendous br.iin pow- r to expect him to bother his head about such penny-a- liners. If ho would study tuith fulucss instead of writing oa solf-culturo, it would be moro to the point. P. J. Cnos thwaite. [We think our correspondent has seen a ghost, and this is sufficiently veri fiod by tho desperate thrusts which ho makes at some invisible personage. His imaginary grie/ance was contaiued in an editorial, and as such we take it to our selves. Tha majority of his remarks are liko his brains — addled — and are simply the outcome of a burst of passion. Our remarks wero not intended to draw dis paragement or to discourage the institution, but to make known its faults, and it surely does not make a pretence to bo perfect. How far our appeils to the in telligence of the public will affect its worth and better its condition will ho apparent at the next balance. Wo ncknowledgo being able to distinguish right Irom wrong, but do not pretend to be able to eive people eyes to read or brains to under stand, though Mr. Crosthwaite can havo a j pair of specticles on app ica ion. — Editor Times,'] The famous Dan O'Connell used to say that the best way lo refute tho ar guments of an antagonistic lawyer was to turu all ho said into ridicule, but I think when Mr. Wilson trios to ridicule Mr. Crosthwaite's defence of tho School of Arts, he might find that he had the wrong pig by the ear, aud that he will have to tackle tho sow aud a vory largo litter after he has done with him. He terms the venomous paragraph which he has written an imaginary grievance,' and takes tho onus of it on his own shoulders, as being edi torial. Mr. Crosthwaite's brains, ho siys, are addlod and his remarks the outcmie o!:' passion, and winds up by cft'eiiog him in a jocular sort of way a par of spcctaclos ; but wheher thoy are in ended to enable him to distinguish right from wrung, or to give him eyes to read, or brains to under stand, it is difficult to say, as ' things seem to be getting kinder mixed.' But hero is where the best part of the j -ke comes in ; after affirming in a leader that the loci) School of Arts was, to use his own words, 'a standing di grace to any c immunity,' and that tho books of which the library is composed are ''only fit 1 1 kindle the fires of passion,' he has tho effrontery to say ' our remarks were not intended to draw disparagement or to discourage the insi i: u— lion, but to make known its faults,' and hu expects the public to believe him. Suoh an assertion ought to be enough to cause the very walls of the venorable struc uro to cry out 'Savo mo from my fiiends ?' If Mr. Wilson cannot make a better apology for his uncalled-for criticism on an institu tion which I coincide with. Mr. Crosth waito in calling a credit to its managing committee, 1 think that the sooner he lays aside tho pen and graduite3 as a navvy, tho batter for himself and tho readers of his paper. Apologising for my lengthy correspondence, and hoping tlw the insertion in the wide-spread columns of your puper will, to a certain extont, nullify the injury aimod at our institution, lam, etc., HECTOR, M'KINNON. Woonona, April 26th, 1892. 