A GHOST IN THE FORETOP. TOLD BY A MAN BEFORE THE MAST. Although I am known by the name of 44 Lying itabe," I vouch for the truth of the following yarn, only begging landsmen to re member that truth is often stranger than fiction. In the year 18G1 1 sailed from Liverpool in general cargo. I don't know that the crew on this occasion differed much from the usual crew of the Syren ; but there was oertainly one man who differed very modi from all the mess- mares we ever bad, This was 44 Woeful Bill" — at least, we called him by thatnome— his real name on the ship's roll was William Spikey. He always looked struck -of-a-heapish like ; wouldn't associate with any of us ; and was constantly pacing the darkest part of the .ship, muttering aud arguing some point with himself, Tais we didn't care for, and I was chosen to what you landsmen call " interview" him, and get to know what toe deuce was the matter with hito. We rather pitied him than other wise, because we thought he was .suffering from some terrible misfortune. Well, one night I drew alongside Bill, who wasjastthenina very lively argument with himself. 1 began by asking him what cargo he had in his mind, where he was bound for, etc. It was a dark night, with a pretty stiff 'on Mowing. After load bothered him a good bit without getting any reply, be suddenly stopped short and hissed in my port e&rhole; — 44 I n a murderer 1" Every hair stood on my head as stiff as a marlin' spike, and every one of my old timbers shivered; but after getting breath a bit 1' began to talk to him. The upshot was this: On his last voyage he ba-1 pushed a mate over board during a etorm. Whv did be do it ? The man and Bill had fought a day or two before, aud the mate had given Woeful Bill a good thrashing; that's all. I reported to my oomrades, keeping secret, out of pity for Woeful Bill, the fact that he had 41 intentionally" pushed the man over board. 44 Well, we soon all forgot this little incident, , for the weather began to be stiJfiah directly we got into blue water, and we had quite enough to do without thinking about Woeful Bill. Nick Benson came to us one night, looking ekeered.and told us he had heard an unearthly voice from toe foretop shouting, 4 Look ont, below!" We ail laughed at Nick, and the matter dropped for a day or two, though, dash me if I could get it out of my head; and Inotioedthe others gave the foremast as wide a berth as possible After nightfall. Nick Benson came to us again one night just after eight bells C&udnigbt;), and told n the same yarn. This time be looked properly struck of a heap. We had a regular confabula tion about it, and we all agreed to assemble next night at eight bells round the foremast, lust as toe eighth bell sounded, by the living Jingo ! a weiro voice cried oat—— "Look out, below!" It wasn't a whisper, either. Every man's hair rose straight up, except the bosun's, wbo was baldheaded, you know. Meantime, the akipper must have been giving orders, for down he eotnes from the poop iu a devil of a tantrum, using any amount of baa language. The bosun explained matters, and the skipper called us a puck of demented jackeesee. It's not nice to to rated a jackass, but a demented jackass was too bad. and I'm afraid we used some bad lan guage about it. The same thing took place every night, till we all felt quite besmggered. As sure as eight bells went, the strange voice would shout from the foretop— "Look out, below !" Every man Jack refused to go aloft. The skipper called the boenu, and says he — " Bosun, you're sailed with me above a voy age or two. Now, what do you call this?" (meaning the refusal of the men to go aloft). " I calls it a ghost, sir," said the bosun. 44 lihost be hanged, sir; I call it mutiny on the high seas!" roared the skipper. 14 But I'll settle this thing; bosun, to-rorrow night muster ail hands at the foremast befcre eight bells— all hands, mind." Accordingly, just le'o-eeightle lenex night we had all mustered at the foremast. The skipper and first officer had loaded revolvers. The ship's roll was called, aud every one answered except the man at the wheel. Just as toe eight bells began to sound' I saw the skipper and first officer raise their barking irons to cover the foretop ; but the strange voice, more energetic ihan ever, cried out : 4 Look out btlow !" It was a caution. The ghost was evidently getting rather .vexed. Our knees simply knocked together like so mauy weaving machines. The skipper theu roared out: 44 Let go!" And down upon the deck, with a tremendous crash from the foretop, diopped Iodr iron- bound box or locker. Indeed, Nick Benson says to this day it was a coffin. As soon as the box touched the deck its lid flew open, showing that it was empty. Now, I bad seen the skipper when our ship was breakiug under us on a reef of rocks, but he never quailed; but when this box came down he just looked a bit skeered, but only for a minute. He said : 14 Now, men, thi6 buz has evidently come for a cargo. There's some skunk aboard the Witching Syren. I'll get in and see if it's for So saying, he got in. Then the first officer got in, and eo on until every man jack had been iu the box. 44 Boson, who's at the wheelr" 44 Woefnl Bill, sir." 41 Relieve him, and fetch here." As soon as Woeful Bill saw the box, and the skipper told him to get in, he drew his knife and put h:nt8elfin fighting attitude, threatening to do for anybody who came near him : but the skipper kept quite cool. Covering Woeful Bill with hie revolver, he said : 44 / am commander of this ship. I will give you three minutes' grace ; if you don't get into that box, which wu nave aU Seen in, 111 shoot you dead as a rattan." Woeful Bill pausod a bit, and then (teemed reckless; be got into the box in a jiffey. As soon as be was inside, the ltd of the box came I down with such a crash that we thought everv timber in the th<p was shivered. As true ae I live, Father Neptune boarded us at that moment, seized the box by the handle with one hand, and jumped overboard with it. We never saw Woeful Bill again. 