Kapunda Coursing Meeting. T HIRD DAY- THURSDAY. The third day's proceedings were opened on the ground coursed over on the opening day, and which was so bare of game that only three courses were run off before Inn[?]h time. A move was then made to the timber country, where the finals were got off jnsb before tba> shades of evening closed in, bat mast of the doge who competed were knocked oat either by injuries in the rough ground or by want of condition. ASUS? STAKES. Second Ties (ctrotjnnsd>—Justice wen to slips badly cnt and allowed Cyclorama a. long lead and busy time fieck<ng pus, leWog in. Justice, who kept poeBWEiOB, finKhing a winner. Bam Wcller led op a length and turned, serving Splendora, who wrenched smartly ; Sam getting in again led oat al light, Iht Bsg goityg up tot him. Max led tan by many lengths, and a good give and. tdw course e&eued;, Juno now acd then appearing to stand off her game, Irat at the finish Max yon ouOy. Baby fjaabed unaitiy out ol slips, scoring freely, Oonujfa also patting in good work, bat toe bittft, held her o«n in a gruelling con se and won. Barley Bree led np six or eight lengths, and gave* Unlucky Gne« no chance is a gruelling oomae. Varley'a Ghost and Hecla unsighted. bmVgotoa before being picked up, the Ghost winning easily at the Thud TSea.—Jnstioe led by favor, scoring a few. points before Sam Welier got in, who then rapidly ran np the neceasuy points to leave him a winner. 16 an awkward Bbp Max showed snpermr papa from Baby bnt the little elnt vat not to be denied, and outworked tbe big dog, finishing with a kffl. JUrley's Ghcst was of no a—stance to Barley Bree, who dashed up 10 or 12 lengths, winning from end to Tiea-Sam Welter led Baby, bat after ? wild effort he let the bitch in. who merely wrenched and cried enough, Sam going on for one point when he also stopped. Bidey Bree ran. a long groelling. bye with Otleit final- Sam WeUer berne unfit la run was drawn. Bailey Bree beingdeetared toe wionec The winner. Barley Bree. is a black-and-white Dnppy by Eildare—Bronhiide, and made hia first effort as Uanroro, gettinK into the lai; four of the Pappy Stakes, the heavy going being against him. In the Ar-laby Stake his performances were aderidelim* prevtment, he in every trial easily beatiog bJa. opponent In the evening tbe settling took place at the North Kapnnda Hotel, where Host Wauchope kicdly entertained the members at a capitel cold coUatiorj, to which, jnstioe wae done. The following toasts were given: — "Me. Dntton. of Anlaby," "The judge," "The winners and losers," "The viatont* alfrar wbioh the stakes were paid to the lucky winners, and the proceedings, which bad been enlivened by songs and recita tions, terminated at an early hour. Doruuc tbe evening a proposition was made that a plumpton should be established, and Mr. D. James and Mr. Hope both promised hand some-asai?taaae in-thjs direotiea. The idea is that the racecourse, if it were fenced in, would) tie wry mutable tor a plmnpbon, «s tiw railway line could Und viaitora on it direot from town, and it jf a very short drive from the township, ffhe r^ner- Tip, Bam Weller, performed re markably well for an old dog. as he was not expected to last bo long as he did in the stake, Seeing that he was runner-up to Irish Qaeen frhen Bhe won the Waterloo Cap, two or three years ago. Mr. Fiteroy owns Sniveller and Setty I)*ker. the dre and dam of Sam, and the Adelaide owner of Kildare and Brunhilde, the eire and dam of the winner, informs us that he ba6 some pappiea of the same family, sod that Barley Breeze next appearance in public will be «t Narraooorfce in August 