GATHERINGS. SiY MATINEE. (FBOM THE COKXHILL MAGAZIKE ) " The young man will, perhaps, one day write a respectable essay. ' Love's Triumph' about AS much resembles n play as an acorn does an oak."-Social A'otef. " The whole thing feeble in the extreme. It was much applauded by, the author's aunts, sisters, cousins, and female belongings generally. They threw back their bonnet strings, and cried 'Oh!' and 'Ah!' indis criminately."-iTAe Proscenium, "' Love's Triumph' may be summed up in one word-' bosh.'"-The Prompter. " What rot \"-The Owl. " 2'iensJ" soldi to myself; "these are all gentlemen to whom no seats were sent The pit holds no demon like a critic scorned 1 Is it really possible that can have anything to do with it? Let us look at those who were given good stalls." . It was two or three days after the maliude, and press notices were pouring in. Tot judices, tot eeiUenlia. My play was "power ful and gloomy: weak and futile; full of promise "tand bright graceful dialogue; heavily &n;<l lugubriously written; neatly constructed; absolutely without construction ; the author would tine day write a capital play; the author must turn his abilities elsewhere than the stage; full of Interest and movement; possessed of no sort of in terest; written with a keen £?e to dramatic effect; from the point of view of the stagfe, hopeless; absurd; stupid in the extreme; quite childish ; excellent; scenes that are altogether admirable." (N.B.-These ore absolutely from the life.) > Here was I, eager to be. taught, if e.ver man was;, caring my little for > myself ond everything for my art, or calling; and the above cuttings were all in the shape of instruction I couid lay hands on. Shade of Lessing! Let me go out and consult the most experienced of my friends. That friend, himself a critic who had sat through more bad plays than any man in jtaglnud, would go no further than declaring " ' Love's Triumph' wants some thing. " Good heavens! was there ever a play that didn't? In his attempts to explain himself my friend reminds me of on art critic I once saw in a Btudio in front of a picture trying to make clear to the artist the some thing it wanted. lie rounded his hands as if he were squeezing a football, bent himself low as though he were going to bowl it, then straightened himself, pushing his open hands over the canvas with a hind of angry h-r-r-r-r! noise. That was what it wanted, b-r-r-r-r ! and the artist said with conviction, "I see!" Singular phantasies of the inar ticulate trying to make themselves clear ; the blind leading the blind, till both fall into the ditch. In Waterloo-place I met the shrewd and kindly Purlleet on his way nowhere in par ticular, as usual. It was one of those delicate spring days when the sun shines melodiously and the east wind hides with the gay malice of a young girl round the street corners. \Vc sat 011 a bench in the Mall, and Purlleet un buttoned his soul. " The fact is," said he, " criticism in this country is in a truly melan choly condition, and until we leam that the critic is in a great measure born and not made (though instruction and reading will do more for him than for most other artists) it will never be better. Just consider. Who is it as a rule does the novels, even for the best organs? Generally some spasmodic female relative or friend of the editor; ignorant and full of prejudice, with a mind unniel lowed and even unformed, and a pen as flighty and unreliable as her thoughts. With very little reading beyond the typical omnivorous reading of the girl, and absolutely no insight, she will sit down and demolish a production which, full of faults as it may be, yet often contains much to foster and encourage, at any rate to direct aright; with the result that though I some times read a book that is cut to shreds, I never look at one that is received with a scream of praise. I give it time to see if it will blow over, and I find it generally does. Again, in art, who holds the scales of notice for the Academy and Grosvenor, and such like exhibitions ? Not infrequently a broken down drawingmaster with friends of his own to puff, not because he particularly cares f.bout or believes in them, but because lie hates the established reputations. Or some pert Oxford common-room product, with ill digested views, still suffering from a surfeit of restheticism, that dying gasp of the praj Haphaelite ; a stiff-lipped, white-faced man, no longer young, whose crecd is that no good pictures were painted in the English school before 1880. You will read two columns of such, and when it's done you will know no more of what it has all been about than the writer. And as for your own line, the theatre, there the earnest soul must see still greater cause for despondency." " In my own case," I said, " you see I have read every notice of my work, with a view to its alteration and improvement, and there isn't one of them, from that point cf view, is of the slightest use." " And that is all the more odd," Purfleet replied, " as almost every critic is either an unformed would-be or au actually dis appointed dramatist." And now that" Love's Triumph " is finished, what shall we do with it ? There, indeed, lies the true problem. The author in England, apart from the difficulty that is always with him of writing a good play, has many superb difficulties to contend with. Almost the greatest remains with the audience, for assuredly no civilised country has so back ward an audience to show as ours. The manager is their mouthpiece, since long ex perience has taught him pretty well what they want; and him you can hear any morn ing as he sits in his little room over his asbestos fire. To such a gentleman, if you can conceive Shakspeare taking " Hamlet," I think I can tell yea pretty well what he would say. Indeed, I crn hear him: "Plenty of good staff in it, my boy, but totally unsuited to tiis British public. They won't swallow those long speeches all about nothing, right outside the actioii of the play. The young man talks a lot too much, and works right against the sympathies of the audience. They'll 'iss 'im if he's as rude as that to his mother; and look at his treatment of Fiji-what's her name, Ophelia? And he's quite brutal to that old chap, Polonius, who's [a first ciass dodderer. If the young man thinks hi3 father's been murdered, why don't he Ci'.ll in the good old Danish bobby and have a nailing good trial, like the ' Man's Shadiler,' instead of going through that plaguey play-scene ? And, look here, it must end happily, the 11.P. won't stand on unhappy ending; 'Amlet must marry Ophelia, though the re's no 'ami in her going dotty for a bit. And you've got three corpses on the stage at the curtain ; no, four, by George! Do you suppose the audience want to be sent home miserable ? And no second love interest. First grave-digger must 'ave a daughter for Laertes-that can be easily worked. And what's the good of putting the scene out of England? The people like n scene they can recognise, and say, 'Lord! ain't itazackly like f Make the scene English, my boy, and the people middle-class. The ghost can easily walk on Primrose 'ill, and 'Amlet's father be a lawyeror something, and Polonius a county councillor. Itesides, if we're going to do it, I'm not going to spend a lot of money on scenery I c m tell you. And I shall wont my name on the bill as part author; and Rosencrantz and Guildenstern can come right out They're a noosance. And, look here, nest thing you write, for gracious sake get it type-written; such a fist as yours I never saw in the 'ole of my days." And so poor Shakspeare, having been recommended to look after a good farcical comedy from the French, and a collaborates- who knows the ropes, the manager gives him two fingers, and says, as the door closes, " That chap'll come to uo good." VALUABLE Discoverv TOR TOE HAIR.-If yonr hair is turning grey or.white,or falling off,use "The Mexican Hur Beneivc," for it-Mill positively restore in evety case grey white hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most" Re storers." It makes the ndir charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the elands are not decayed. Ask your chemist for tiie *'&EXtcXs; HairBkkkwer," prepared by IlenryC1.' Gallup,403 ©xfoid-Btreet, London, and sold by chemists and perfumers everywhere at 3s, Od. per bottle. ftooN.1GEm\VAt)E, and Co., agents, ADVICE SOOTHING Svruf BhouW iilwsye be used 'when JshHdren are out ting teeth ; lt;rdieves the Utile sufferer at once. It produces natural, auiet sleep by relieving the child from pain, JitUe cherub awakens bright as a buttoni"; It is perfe^-Jikhnless, andveiyplea sant to taste. It soothes the child mid softens-the gums, allays all pun, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, ana is the best 'known remedy /or dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Price, Is. lid. per bottle. Manufactory, London. Agents for Melbourne-Fsuroig, Cam w ade, and Co.-Retailed by all cheiuiBle.-lAbyr.i' 