Storyettes '' 8>n Albany club the wine cellar was j .faaagely -iepleted of its contents. Bottle ] Alter bottle-Of chatipagae disappeared, and * I iOPRs, seemed no bar against the thirsty tiil27£*. ^:*^paily"~arjjew superintendent-was ! cb&Tge;, and be seemed jto Ke&jnaii; ot «tt ingenious turn Of mind. He pdtVew ; ! locks apon the cellar, but hedid not mean to place his dependence wholly . upon iron bolts. So he secured a remarkably ugly onil-bog, with a very misanthropic disposi «on, andshut him in the cellar. There the brute stays all the time, except for half an J hoar daily, when he is given a run in- the sunlight. The dog has no taste for cham pagne, and now the wine stays v/here it ii pat until it is wanted in the cafe. Tilers has never been an instance of " graciousness "like the wait of the Duke de Nivernais, in the seventeenth century, to his dying steward. Wishing to see how matters stood with the poor fellow, the j duke stepped into the roam, and had the extreme condescension to make personal* inquiry into the state of his health. The steward, utterly bewildered bv the honor, rawed himself in bed with great difficulty, and said, in a tone of the most abject humility; "I hope your grace will not be offended £1? m y°nr presence ?" - The duke, deeply touched, answered : l -.wj least, my good friend: do not I ?una me. Wherenpon, the steward availed himself i ot tie gracious permission of his master. | and gave np the ghost. i Professor Delbruck has recently pub i lisaeu some interesting souvenirs about the Emperor Frederick the Third and his .family. Here is an amusing anecdote about the -order that reigned in the household while Frederick was Crown Prince : . ^day the Crown Princess Baid to the butler, one of the oldest servants and one I who had the reputation of having ® will of I his own: .. ?] , "I ordered come Apollinaris water several I weeks ago, and should like to taste it: has it not yet arrived?" The old domestic replied: ' " Imperial Highness, there isutill in the cellar a lot of bottles of seltzer water that must bedronk first 1" All the persons at table broke out into laughter. The_ Crown Prince, after having him self joined in the hilarity, said, in a serious tone; ' My friend, when the Crown Princess | her*" ^°tt t0 toy thing, I beg yon to obey . " On© day," said a veteran, in a recent i interview wuh Eli Perkins,«I met an old soldier who had been wounded in the face, i and when X asked him in what battle he had j been injured, he said: - ' ' _4 i got it at the first day at Shiloh. I sir.' 'f®°nld you get hit in the face at Shiloh ? I asked. * Well, sir,1 said he, half.apologetically, after I had run a mile or two I got careless and looked back,' This story reminds me of how one of Ells worth's Fire Zouaves killed bis first Con federate. He said that he marched oat to the battle of Bulls Bun, and when about half way there} he met a Johnny Seb. in ambush. .What did yoi do then ?' I asked. ' Well, sit,' he answered, * I drew out my revolver and he drew ont his bowie- knife, and then I took the lead from the start, and kept it clear into Washington | city, and * .But how did you kill the man?" . Bun him to death,' was the reply." In " making up" newspapers, or the piecing together of different paragraphs into columns, two separate items will, some times, be jumbled together and most amus ing results appear. ^J^ach newspaper had a good specimen of this kind of mixture : " Dr. X. has been appointed head physi cian to the Hopital de la Charite. Orders have been issued by the authorities for the immediate extension of the Cimetiere de [ Parnasse." The New Haven journal, some -time ago | made a curious jumble of two items. One read: , " ^ large cast-iron wheel, revolving nine J hundred times a minute, exploded ia this city yesterday, after a long and painful ill | ness. Deceased was a prominent thirty , second degree Mason*" The other paragraph detailed how: " John Fadden, the well-known floristand real estate broker, of Newport, B.I., died in Yvardiner and Buss ell's sugar mill, at Cry stal Lake, on Saturday, doing considerable damage to the building and injuring several workmen severely." Ben. JonBon was once requested to revise aome proofs full of typographical and other errors, but he declined, and recommended that they should be sent to the house of cor [ rection, Many anecdotes are narrated to illus trate the tact required in dealing with lunaticB. Among the inmates of an asylum was a man who was considered perfectly harmless, but who, having no home, was allowed to remain there, being employed to show visitors around. The doctor went on the roof with him one day to see about repairing it, when the suddenly turned and suggested that they should jump to the ground together. Im mediately the doctor replied: " No, don't let's do that. Any one can jump down. Let's go do wn and see if we jump up." The lunatic considered the point "well taken," and agreed. The head of a private asyiam in England was in the bath-room watching a number of lunatios bathe, when one of them out, too'kut'thlUCk Seeing his-danger, the doctor said at once: "Allright boys; but suppose you jrive a cheer for him first." And the noise of their cheering brought the keepers to his rescue. The same doctor was in a room with a lunatic, who, by some means, had possessed i himself of a carving Jcnife. I The lunatic informed him graYely that he 1 had been ordained by God to cut him into L li'ucesi,®ndimuch M be regretted it,he should be obliged to do it. ' ^ery ? well," said the doctor: " of course, if that is the case, I shall make no you; but 1 see 7oar knife needs sharpening. Allow me to fetch a grindstone for you." 5° °bjecti°n being raised, the quick witted doctor made hiB escape. ? I Old mm {solemnly): " My young friend, who was that who juBt asked you to go and have » drink f" Young man: "Barney Jones. He's a friend of mine." Old man (with continued solemnity): " Nay, my yoang friend, he is an enemy of youra. Young man: "Well, I don't know bat what you're right, Barney gave me two or three ante things on yesterday's races that made me walk home. Yon can't tell nowadays, old man, who your friends *re." O&O; of the strongest characteristics of genius is Ihp power of lighting its own -AN. A remarkable action, in which Pope Leo XIII. is the defendant, is about to be tried before the.Civil Tribunal of Montdider, near Ameins. Some months ago the SlarchionesB de Pleases Believre died, leaving a will by which she left the bulk of her property, real and personal, to the Pope. The will is dis puted by the natural heirs of the deceased, lady-collaterals- on the ground that the Pope, being a spiritual sovereign, cannot acquire propertyon French soil. 