NEWS AND NOTES. The annual distribution of prizes to scholars attending the Government Girls' School, Fremantle, took place on Thursday the 22nd inst., in presence of Archdeacon Watkins, Chairman, and Messrs. Doonan Marshall, members of the District Board of Education. The hour 9.30 a.m. being an inconvenient one for ladies, the only one present was Mrs. Watkins who kindly came to give the prizes away. Some days previous several ladies of the town, who take an interest in the school, visited it, and inspected the needlework done by the girls, one hundred and ninety-eight pieces of work being shown. The prizes given by the ladies were also distributed by Mrs. Watkins. The members of the Board expressed their satisfaction at the whole tone of the school, and at the excellence of the needlework. Thanks were accorded to Mr. W.S. Pearse for two prizes for general good conduct, and to Mesdames Back, W. Clifton, Campton, Fairbairn, Hammond, E. Higham, L. A. Manning, Martin, W. D. Moore, O'Connor, and Russell, for prizes for needlework. At the Fremantle Police Court, on Saturday, before Mr. R. Fairbairn, R.M., and Mr. L. W. Clifton, J.P., William Daniells, charged with being drunk and with assaulting W.P.C. McGregor, was fined 50s. for the latter offence, or, in default, a month's imprisonment. Thomas Harvey, charged with making use of obscene language, at the Commercial Hotel, was fined £62 with costs. John Winter was proceeded against by Andrew Snodgrass for disorderly conduct. The plaintiff stated that on the 22nd inst. he saw his boat coming into the bank of the river near Plympton where he resides. * The boat was full of children, among whom were one of defendant's children. The child jumped out of the boat, and when she came ashore her foot was bleeding. Later on in the evening, defendant came to plaintiff's house and demanded to know where the man was who insulted his child. After a good deal of threatening he went away and returned in about an hour, saying that he would go through the house in spite of anybody. At the same time he made use of disgusting language. Corroborative evidence was given by John McCarthy, who also resides in the neighbourhood. Defendant called no witnesses for his defence, but made a most excited statement. He was fined 50s. with costs. A few weeks ago (says the Adelaide Observer) we mentioned that the Commissioner of Police had decided to try the experiment of substituting bicycles for horses where the use of the four-footed stood could be economically and satisfactorily dispensed with in the city and suburbs. Two experimental never sureties built by Mr. W. Tyler, of Flinders st., to the order of the Commissioner, have been delivered. They are of the diamond frame pattern, built of were less steel to being, with ball-bearings throughout, including the steer- ing, cushion-tired, and scaling 48 lb. They are weight- carrying up to 15 at. indeed, we understand that a constable in one of the suburbs who scales 14st rides one of them. The machines are fitted with patent locking gear, and bear the inscription of " S.A. P» ice," besides the crown emblem, so that if any party by the name of " Jackson," or any other name of Turpinlike significance, should be tempted to mount and ride away on any one of these Government mechanical horses the brand will betray them. Very neat and handy dispatch-bags are fitted in the frame, and the whole appearance of the machines, which are provided with lamps and bells, is light and graceful, yet strong. Mr. Tyler is perfectly confident that these locally built safeties will stand the test. Considerable interest is being felt in the experiment, and, so far from the police in uniform looking ridiculous, the two or three who have been seen about the city, especially the orderlies, for the past few weeks present a very smart appearance, the uniform being by no means out of keeping any more than a cyclists costume. The men provided with machines have very readily learnt the art of riding. Here is M. de Blowitz description of the young prince Ferdinand d'Este, who is on his way to Australia Francis Joseph [the Emperor] has a brother, Charles Louis, who is the father of Francis Ferdinand Charles Louis Mary of Este, now considered heir presumptive of the Austro-Hungarian throne. Francis Edmund is 28 years of age. He is unmarried. He is not known to have any friend of either sex. He is almost always seen alone. He has the long wan face of the Hapsburgs, sheepish and without character; a leaden eye, a thin and expressionless mouth, a slow and uncertain gain. His physiognomy is at once timid, shy and malicious. He hands, he rides, he drives a four-in-hand, and that is about all he does. He is one of the most ignorant princes of the day. He can scarcely even write German ; he writes meagre and even worse than ordinary French ; he has never been able to speak a word of English; and he is ignorant of all the various languages spoken on the soil of Austria. At 18, when he was emancipated, and when his professors bade him adieu, he burnt all his books, vowing that he would never touch another book in all his life, and he has so far kept his word. While at garrison at Linz one day, after a hearty lunch, he galloped across the fields, followed by a few officers who had been his guests. On the way he met a coffin carried by four peasants. He ordered it to be set upon the ground, and made his horse leap over it, indulging in this horrible steeplechase in the presence of the bereaved family. The Bishop of, Linz was angry, and went to complain to the Emperor. The latter sent for his nephew, struck him, and fined him 2000 florins for the benefit of the outraged family and the same sum for the church, and banished him from court for 12 months. We have to acknowledge the receipt from Mr. A. K. Money, Resident Secretary of the Australian Mutual Provident Society in this city, of The Mutual Provident Messenger, a quarterly periodical published specially in the interests of the Society. The objects of the new journal are best expressed in the opening editorial from which we quote. It says inter alia : We have two purposes to serve in this new departure ; we wish to give the gentlemen con- j it stituting our staff an opportunity of communi- O eating to the policy-holders some of the large store of knowledge and experience which many years of devotion to the study and practice of life assurance have enabled them to acquire, and we desire to afford our policy- holders a medium of communication with the office and with each other, through which many subjects of interest may be discussed, and many points of difficulty or doubt elucidated We want to encourage our policy-holders to address us on any questions affecting the business of the Society, or their relations with it, through the columns of the Messenger, by which means the reply will secure a large circulation. We shall not permit our columns to be used for unseemly discussion, or for indulgence in personal cities; we shall allow no attacks on our business rivals, and no unfair criticism of their methods ; we want to cement the bonds of friendship between our policy-holders and ourselves, and not to widen the breach between our society and its competitors ; we want the Messenger to be the harbinger of peace, and not the herald of aggression. We , invite the cordial assistance of our policy holders, without whose goodwill we cannot hope for success." The Messenger is well edited, and can scarcely fail to prove of interest to the many members of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, and, for that matter, to all interested in life assurance. A dinner was given on Friday evening by the employees of' Messrs. J. Hurst and Son, in celebration of the completion of the new West Australian Bank building at Fremantle. The chair was occupied by Mr. John Hurst, and about seventy persons sat down to an excellent dinner, prepared by Mr. C H. Pierce, proprietor of His Lordship's Larder hotel. The toast of "The Queen" having been duly honoured, the chairman proposed " Success to the building trade." He proposed the trade in a general sense, because be recognised that the very representative assemblage that evening was due to the co-operation of one trade with another. Combination was a wonderful thing, and it had been evidenced in its best form in the erection of the building which they were now completing. The toast having been duly honoured, Mr. Pugh, fore- man of works proposed " Progress to W.A." The wish for progress was, he said, the more necessary in order that the more distressed workmen of the other colonies might be enabled to find an outlet to which to turn their labour, which had become a glut in their own colonies. Progress meant the giving of work to scores of capable trades- men who could not obtain a living in Victoria and elsewhere. From his first glance at the colony he could not give much in promise of its resources, but on closer acquaintance he saw that those resources were great, and that with a little energy and pluck they could yet make Western Australia as her sister colonies in the east. (Applause. ). In responding to the toast of Messrs. Hurst & Son, the contractors for the building, Mr. Hurst said that the building had been commenced under the old process. Since then they had had to meet an increased demand for labour, and greater requirements for material, which was not looked for. However, he was pleased to say that the work was a successful one in every way, and this was very largely due to the excellent men whom he had controlling the work. (Applause.) He proposed the health of the leading men on the work. The toast was responded to by Messrs. Pugh, French, Evans, Jeffrey and Longstaff. A number of other toasts, including that of the architect, Mr. Hobbs, and the clerk of works, Mr. Castledean, proposed by Mr. Pugh, were honoured, after which the proceedings ended." On Friday, December 18, 1891, writes the Advertiser (Adelaide), of the 13th inst., the Assembly at the instance of Mr. Holder, passed a resolution affirming " that the proposals of Messrs. Davies & Wyly for boring for water between Port Augusta and Eucla should be adopted and a provisional agreement entered into sub j set to ratification by Bill next session." The suggestion was that in a belt of country 129 miles in width, thus giving a divergence of 60 miles to the north and to the south of a line between the two places named, bores should be put down at distances not less than 10 miles nor more than 15 miles apart, and that tanks capable of holding 40,000 gallons of water should be constructed in return for a grant of land at the rate of 4,000 acres for each bore of 1,000 ft. or under from which good stock water is obtained. Since the end of the session various communications have passed between the representatives of Messrs. Davies & Wyly and the Playford, Holder, and Downer Government, with the result that an amended agreement has been prepared which is mutually acceptable to both parties, the only difficulty being the route to be taken by the proposed line of wells. The principal variation is that Messrs. Davies and Wyly will be permitted to chaos a the sites of their bores in a belt of country extending 20 miles south and 100 miles north of a given line. The track as mapped out by them, however, in some places approaches to within five miles of the coast, while for a great distance it is less than 10 miles away from the seaboard, thus passing through and practically absorbing the best of the agricultural land in the surveyed hundreds on the west coast. The Government decline to consider the proposal unless the line is moved at least 50 miles back so that the southern limit of deviation shall not come within 39 miles of the sea except when Eucla is reached. The contractors are anxious to have matters settled without delay so that they may get to work on preliminary surveys and obtain their plant before the effects of the present good season are lost; but the Ministry will not bring the matter before Parliament if the present route is insisted upon. The distance from Port Augusta to Eucla is between 700 to 800 miles, and there is about the same mileage between the latter place and Albany If the argument is ratified and the work authorised several hundreds of thousands of pounds will be spent by the syndicate who Messrs. Davis & Wyly represent, and Mr. Homburg has introduced a clause into the agreement providing that work shall he continuous, except for three months in the year, while the Commissioner of Public Works is to have power to grant a longer term of cessation if deemed advisable. To show the cost of opening water routes in other colonies, it may be stated that New South Wales has paid ¿6270,604 for 144 bores, dams, and tanks, or at the rate of £1,879 4s. each. A CORRESPONDENT of a Shanghai journal writing from Nanking, on the Yangtse, mens tions that he has seen a sight which is not often seen even in China. This is a man who has taken a vow to watch three years at his mother's grave. The lady died at the end of last year, and was buried, as usual, on the side of a neighbouring hill in the family burying-place, When the remains had been consigned to the earth the son declared that he would not leave the grave for three years, and so far he has been true to his word. The neighbours took upon themselves to provide for his wants, and a subscription-list was started, lOpiculs (1231 each) of rice being contributed by the relations and those who knew him. Families take turns in preparing his food and bringing it to bring Others brought straw and poles and mader odes hut for him large enough to contain himself and the grave of his mother. The writer saw him when he had already been at his self-appointed task nearly seven months, ] and says he will not soon forget the sight and smell. Around the but there were three well-kept graves, those of his father, brother and wife, and inside, that of his mother. During the three years of his vigil he does not wash himself, the straw upon which he lives is not removed, he does not change his clothes till the time has expired, he does not come out of the little place for any cause whatever, he speaks to none, except, perhaps, occasionally, and then only briefly, to his nearest relatives. He spends the time muttering prayers and burning in case at the head of the tomb, along the length of which he is stretched. The hut is not high enough to allow him to stand upright, and is only a few feet longer than himself. " One can faintly imagine the foulness of such a den and the condition of an unborn human being after such an existence ; what he will be like at the end of the summer I cannot conceive. It does not seem possible that a man should be able to live through three years of such horrors none but a Chinaman could do it.". If he survives the three years he will be highly honoured, the officials will go in state and receive him, and report the matter to the throne, and he will receive from the Emperor's hand a board containing four characters landing his virtue. He may also receive some small official preferment, and will thus be well provided for. The natives say that, although he is alone on the hillside among the graves are ghosts of devils will interfere with him, and poisonous snakes will not come near him. Some of the people were not quite sure what his motives were. Some said, significantly, that he knew what he was doing there was not very much to do and at the end of three years lying at the grave, being fed by his friends, he would likely enough find a comfortable support for the rest of his natural life. 