A BAD CASE OF TELEPATHY. (81. ftUHS'S BUDGET.) It was, I need hardly say, a greet Bhock to me when I saw my cousin Gearge's ghost. George and I had been very good friends, though we have had-our little ^ifieiences; and I was no less grieved than, to be quite wmrtid, terrified when George, who had been to New Zealand to look after Borne property there and was on his way home, appeared by my bedside, dripping wet, his pallid lips seeming to mutter inaudible words. In fact, I was bo startled that .I jumped tip m bed and, as I sli%p in an attic, struck "my hsad against*, hfcam and inflicted a cnt from -which the blood flowed; freely. By the lime I had stanched it with; my eider down quilt George was gone. xas, I was shotted. Bat, as poor George bad fallen overboard and met a watery death, I was at last in a position to carry out my views as to fhe disposal of the two estates,-to which, nnder Uncle Nicholas's will, George and-I wan entitled as joint tenants. - I hitd always wuhed to aeQ the £ngliah estate vnd keep the H w Zealand oae. ' George,' who-bid vtry Htfle taaneas bcaitty, • advocated aelOife the New Zealand one and retaining J tbe English? in our bands; andsesther ot us would consent to a partition so long as the other refused to: be in some degree reasonable in his views. Now,-by one of those -strange decrees at wbioh it does not become na to cayu, poor George was beyond caring for or interfering in such matters, audi, as the survivor, took the whole estate and was at liberty to deal with it in the most pnidsst way. . : - Next morning I plastered np my head, put on a black necktie out WMpect for Geoqje, and went off to my solicitor's. I told him of poor George's death, adding that legal evidence would follow as soon as the ship toadied at a port, and gave him instructions to find a purchaser as aooa as possible for the English land. Of course I did not trouble him with the details of George's apparition; lawyers' think they show (agacity by the most narrow-minded incredulity. I soon found a purchaser, and a few weeks pawed while I was strewing .-him' iip- to.mjr'. price. I had. no sews of Geoxge yet ; fcut\ was;not-mnch surprised at tSl&t;, as the poor fellow had very probsblv left oo«fld»ea, and therefore tidings might' not reach me till the ahip benalf amved. At last oue morning I read in my paper that i-he had arrived, at the' same time a letter from my purchaser reached me, accepting the price I had asked. 1 determined to dose, and went down to put my hat. on and goto the lawyer's. At this moment the door-bell rang. Being in tbe ball £ opened the door myself. I staggered back in fright, holding my hand over my eyes; for before me stood George—himself or his phantom. " Leave me, leave me 1" I cried. 11 Restless spirit, what ails thee 'f To my great surprise, the form—or, I may as well aay, George—also ban, with hia hand before his eyes, „ ih agitated tones, " Pease, pekoe, poor ghost! Canst thou not rest ?" To do George justioe, he has never been givsn to buffoonery in life; and I was tore he wonld not descend to it after death, although the spirits of some people, who ought to be above it, seem to do so. Beckoning to George, 1 entered thediningroom; we would have an explanatioc. George followed. " Once in a way," I began," at night, I do not object to your coming. It is inconvenient; but . I put np with it. But in broad daylight, on the door-step—really, it's inconsiderate." George 'looked at me with a puzzled air. then he waited towards the bell-rope and said, as if to himself, *' rll send fora parson and lay him." He was not at all wet, and looked very substantial 1 did not quite understand. " George," said I, " I suppose there is no mistake. Tonare nothing bat a ghost 7" \- " If yon coine to thai,.what aro you f" asked George angrily. " Pray be calm,*! I answered. "Tonappeared to me by night, dripping wet, on the 9th of November laat.• I appeared to you? Nonseose! Ton appeared to me, yon mean." "Dolbe serious, George. '. For a person in your—er pnnitinr flits ieritf " ,. . f Ton ,di^mas;with bhwajateeamiiigiroia your head.".. I'remembered tttebeam and shy' woondedhead. " - "Do you mean to.say you're not deadP' asked George, with leas joy. than lie might have shown. . "I was neverin better hsslih in my lib," I answered coldly. " Then what the deuce do you mean by haunting me with Mood all over you P' « What do you mean, George, by haunting ma with water dripping, from you (" " Prove it 1" said George, defiantly. I motioned him to a seat and related what had happened. "Of course," I concluded, "ij you honestly assure me that you an <a Alive! Of course I'm alive. I—by Jove. Pvegotit! That night a yon»g fool on board rtretchcd a string acroas my cabin floor, and " Tripped and f dl through the porthole ?' "Porthole! Bless the man, no. I fall slap into my bath; den ced hot the water was, too. And itwas just wheal was swearing " "Tes; you appsared to be sweanng/' - " That you chose to come and haunt me, looking like a stuck pig. If you're not dead, kirufly account for that." II It's all your fault. Yon frightened me so that I knocked my bead against the ceiling and cut it." " Honour bright " I give you my word." little awkward," eaid George, rubbing his hands, hecanse you see, old fellow, relying on your intelligence, the first port we came to I wired to New Zealand telling the agent to Bell the estate. I thought you wouldn't, nnder the circumstances, you know, feel hurt at my acting on my own responsibility." . " You've been idiot enough !" " Well, I always told yon the English'one was the one to keep." " I've sold that". I said, grimly. " If you behave as if you were dead, a business-man will treat you as dead." " I was no worse than you were." " It's quite clear that you began it," said I. I waa merely sympathetic." " I never meant to do it at all," declared George. I rose and tookhim by the band. "We have been the victims of a deception, George. - Becriminstions are of no use. What is to be donef" Somebody ought to be run in," said George. _ "£f,"I said, "ons is to be at the mercy of irresponsible apparitions, business cannot be carried an." "And there is an end of free institutions," said George. : We put on our hats arid went to call on the secretary of the PsychoTetic Society. We wanted toknow what he had to say for himaelf. " A most interesting case !" he exclaimed. " n moat -Interesting case !•* . r«rhape," swd I; "bat wiir you favour ns with the nameof asolidtor who willacoept MrviflaaovonrfwdMlff*' on your behalf 1" \- " . f .. " Whatdoyoameaii i >,, he adced. . Whyt if we lose over havrngtb hre&bff; negotiationB for sale, weshall look to^our tuaety fora remedy. Ton -disseminate' broad-' rartltaratureof this deecrifdimacd thendu- " It Isn't common honesty," sjjd Gwn;e, "I admit no liahiltiy," nil tbe secretary firmly. " Toa must leam to control your dito phsntasmata." We took oar bats. Be looked «t -us tn a curious way. " On»mo»eit,genUemen,"he said. "Although refuting to Beeoghlse -any l^al liability. y^ I think imay aay teat VtB soaety would be prepaiedtodo the' handsome thmgif-^-" - ' :. " WtU !" we exclaimed eagerly. "IfytmwtmldbesokindMtohandoverto us the letters ycmeach of you nodaubt^rote givingan aoeoant'of yohr.iatnnga experimce'*' •^Vith iAeaame, , f «aSd iakmgapen. V-*-" ''S-- '- ~ : "Pardoo <me-^a -wiitempbranedasdocanietit Sa whatltnean.-" . :•-.>-.». --. - . "Ididn't write tehim- IfliotightbewBi* deSd"- - - k ;. ..-'.*.' - - ;.*•;.. . - " Andyoa'didn't write ather/tfr?" hsaaked " What So yoDUECme'tarf" said Geone, who was still annoyed. , . mmiS^1 aa6«(nd^p<in3ane(ms'dodu' "Hone, H e © jokenniL. amlBvieShirfr! . .. Jj-^it^" 1 !^"'* fiijj^ pad "ij.. promise orl don't know whatF Nobody|e safe. That's what I say ; and George agrees with me. I believe they, call the sort of fraud which I have exposed telepathy. A long name does not make a thing honest; and, in my opinion, if the law does not reach such practices tbe sooner it is altered the better. I have written to our member to tell him so. I am a large employer of labour; and if he does cot introduce a Bill, he will probably hear ot' 