THREE YEARS AT HIS MOTHER'S GRAVE. A correspondent of a Shanghlai journal, writing froe.Kiakiang, on tile Yasgtse, men tions that he has seen a sight which is not often seen even in China. This is a man who has taken a vow to watch three years at his mother's grave. The lady died at the end of last year, and was buried, as usual, on the side of a ncighbhurisg hill in tile family burying place. \V'hen the remains had been consigned to the earth the son declared that he would not leave the grave for three years, and so far he has been true to his word. T'heneighbours took upon tihemselves to provide for his wants, and a subscription list was started, ten piculs (1331i. each) of rice being contributed by iis relalions and those whoknew him. Families take turns in preparing his food and bring ing it to him. Othera broughlt straw and poles and made a rude lhut fur him large enough to contain himself and the grave of hisa mother. The writer saw him when hlie ihad already been at his self appointed task nearly seven months, acd says lie will not soon forget the sight and simell Around tile lihut there were three well-kept graves, those of his fathler, brother, and wife, and inside, that of his miother. During the three years of Isis vigil,. hlie does not wash himiself, the straw upon which hie lies is not removed, lhe does not change his clothes till the time lhas expired, lie does nut come out of the little pilace for any cause lwhatever, hie speaksi to no one, except, perhaps, oc ecasionally, and then only b!'ielly, to his nearlest relatives. Ie spelnds the time inuttering prayers anid iburning incense at lthe head of thle itomb, alolg the iclengthl of which he is streteisd. The llhi is nst high enougsh to alloe himi to stand upright, andl is only a few feet longer than himself. " One can faintly imagine the foulneos of suche a den aid thie cosndition of an unshorn human eing aftler seil an existenoce; what lie will blie like at the end of tile suemmer Icannot conceive. It does not seem possible that a iman should be able to live through three years of such horrors none bat a (Chisnaman could do it." If lie sarvives the three years hlie will be highly honoured, thie olticials will go in state and re ceive him. and reportthie matter tothethrone, and he will receive from the Emperor's haed a board containinig four chsaractler lauding his virtue. He may also receive some asmall official preferment, and will thus be well pro vided for. The natires say that, although he is alone on the hillside among the graves, no ghosts or devils will interfere with him, and poimsonous snakes will not come near him. Some of the people were not quite sure what his motives were. Some said, significantly, that he knew what he was doing--there was not very much to do, and at thie elld of three years lying at the grave, being ted by his friends, he world likely enough find a corn fortable support for.the rest of hIris natural life. 