TH£ HAUNTED HUMPY, AN ORIGINAL AND LOCAL GHOST STORY. BY THE RAMBLER. I INTEND diverting from my usual course this week as s.ome interesting details of an entirely fresh ghost adventure have come to hand. The facts of the following story are absolutely true, and occurred recently near Bowral. There is a story told of a flippant youth who, when travelling in a railway carriage, stated that he would believe in nothing until he could see it. A quaker sitting near him asked the simple ques tion, " Do'stjhou believe that thou hast ' brains." As the youth couldn't reply in the affirmative, not boing able to see them, his philosophy didn't hold go. d. Mr. C. N., a resident of Bowral, is a man some what of this nature. _ He solemnly stated, in the presence .of several associates* that he would never believe in ghosts until lie saw one. At this 'tiihe the; . sceptical young man and his companions were re siding in a humpy on the outskirts of a small town'between "Bowral and Picton. This temporary abode was supposed to be haunted. Mysterious noises were to be'heard about the place, and occasionally wliite-robed figures had been seen, always, leaving behind them a strange smell of sulphur. Three of the company held a secret conclave one evening, and took a solemn oath to make their chum believe in ghosts before a week had passed. Seeing is believing," was their victim's motto, and the conspirators decided to let him both see and hear, and then think about the believing part of the matter. After the ghost scorner had retired one evening, with slight feelings of uneasiness, and had gone off into a fitful sleep, the ghost made its first appearance. A series of gigantic groans, 'accompanied with a tremendous row on the roof, found Charles sitting up in bed with hair erect, and muttering in a hoarse whisper, Did you hear that, Alf ? Alf did hear it, and 'pacified his terrified companion by the consoling, remark, It's only the ghost 1 These nocturnal disturbances continued for a while until Charles became accus tomed to them, and thought the ghost, was after all a harmless one. The ghost however really appeared on the next night. Before putting on its white frock its companions, who slept in the same room as Charles, took the cartridges out of his gun for fear of accident, and then turned in for an hour's snooze. Just after mid night, Charlie was awakened by some vague sensation of danger, and saw some thing which stopped his' breathing for several seconds. At the foot of his bed stood a white .figure, with its outstretched hand pointing to him 1 - One by one every hair on his head erected itself, his tongue clave to the roof of his mouth, and not even a groan could find courage to es cape from his blanched, lips. The figure ultimately glided from,-.the room, and with animation restored,' Charlie'called his three companion.; . One of these tried to persuade him not' to* interfere, as, spirits didn't like mortals to be too familiar with them. Charlie, ^however, seized his rifle and vowed to test the matter with'gun powder. The ghost came again, this time through the window ! He ? raised the rifle and fired. Both barrels missed fire, and the ghost with a contemptuous laugh strolled out of the back door. This time, in abject terror, Charles awoke his friends, and explained the mystery conr cerning the rifle. This ally of the ghost took the instrument, and walking slowly to the window (loading it as he proceeded) > fired both barrels into the air. Charlie collapsed. This was evidence that could not be disputed.. The rifle acknowledged the spirit, and refused to trouble it with lead. The scorner is now a wiser man, with a most implicit faith in ghosts and their power to visit this vale of tears. The best ttiiug in print-a pretty girl in a calico dress, 