Gambled I n .. Ancient Iigj’P*- f ' S iiraD iT Bkvieb’," A tjil 2.1 W hen Sefcnau, same years before the Exodus o£ the Israelites, visited Ptahrefer-ka in h*w tomb, and insisted on obtaining the magical book, as wo read in the fourth Tolumc of the “ Records of the Past,” he made a proposal to the ghost He would play a gatue of 52 points for the possession of i t Then, we read, the ghost of Ptah-nefer-ka *■accepts the proposal, but attempts to cheat Setoau, and is found out by him, and loses the game." The demotic papyrus on which this curious tale is w ntten is among the treasures of the Museum of Gizeh, having been discovered in a h o i at Thebes, together with a number of hieratic and lator documents, which had belonged to a Coptic monk and been buried with him. This is only one of many ancient allusions to games of chance and of skill, and numberless ivory dice have been found in tombs. It is curious to note that these dice, which are sometimes of beautifully colored porcelain, are often loaded.- W hen the ghost cheated Setnau he apparently did nothing that was out of tue common. Chessmen also frequently occur. T her are sometimes of ivory beautifully earvec and represent grotesque human form "The chessmen exhibited at Manchester i 1887, and afterwards presented by M r Howarth to the British Museum, arc lions' heads, and are made of a hard brown wood. M r Falkener accepts the theory put forward in the Manchester catalogue th at these pieces and a chair, which was also presented to the Museum by M r Howarth, actually belonged to the great queen Hatsbepsu, of th Eighteenth Dynasty—that is to say, sonu 1600years before the Christian ora- This remains to be proved, but if the broken cartouche which accompanies them, and the carved ornaments or the chair, are of the same hard wood as the men, it would go far to satisfy the most sceptical. But that tits Egyptians of that period, and long before, did play at various games, some of them of the most gambling character, and others closely resembling cliess and draughts, there cannot be the slightest doubt. In the tomb of one Jla-shcpscs or Shepsera, who lived at the time of the Kings of the Fifth Dynasty, while they were still building pyramids of royal sepulchres, there are representations of two games. One is called “ Seuat,” and consists of a board, “ men," and pieces exastlv similar to those still seen at the door of a coffee shop in Egypt, dome shaped, sometimes of wood, sometimes of ivory, and usually colored green and red. The other game is called “ Han," the jar, or bowl, aud may have been played with a cup for dice, like backgammon. The board in Han is circular. W as it a kind of roulette? The game with pieces is represented at Beni Hass an in a picture of the time of the Twelfth Dynasty. It was not chess, but more like a kind of draughts. The same or a similar game* is represented at Medioet Haboo, Uieselpulcltral temple of Humeses H I., of the Twentieth Dynasty. I t is not possible to tell with whom the king is represented as playing, as the sculpture has greatly decayed; but there can be little doubt that the performance is supposed to take place afterdeath. InalatepapyrnsintbcBritish Museum there is a grotesque representation of a lion playing with an antelope. The late D r. Birch was of opinion that there were sis pieces to each player, that they were arranged parallel to the players, and that as the game advanced “ the pieces were played side by side, and probably took laterally." Some boards have come down to us aud arc in the British Mnseum and at G-izrb, as well as in private collections. The puzzle about them is that they arc not all alike. The game at which Ptah-neferka’e ghost tried to cheat Sctnnu «-ocm« to have been something wholly different, and £be'“fifty-two pomts "porh&ns; refer to the pips on dice. One Egyptian game was known as Ta-u—that is the Bobbers—and fiii* M r FaJkeuer in his book on “ Games, Ancient and Oriental," would identify with the Roman fatnm rinli; but 3fr Falkener finds out in the course of his investigations that Dr. Birch 44 caunot be trusted" lie palpablj’ contradicts himself in various articles, and it was not always possible to make out liis meaning, for he certainly had no gift of lucid exposition. Mr Falkener, however, tries to sum up what lie has fathered from Dr. Birch, and we learn that th e fatruiun/li or Intronos of the Homan game were originally soldiers, b u t tbat-bv -degrees the name became significant of licentiousness and audacity, as the soldier turned bandit. The game he asserts to be lively and inspiriting and wofthy of modern practice. The Greeks called the pieces m their form of the game "dogs, imd the modern Egyptian Arab calls his “ kil&b;," which is the plural of “ kalb," a dog, In the game of Tau the pieces were called "eb," a word which M r Renouf ingeniously connects with 44 nb," .the heart, pointing out its connection with the idea of leaping or playing, and deriving our word "heart " from a Sanscrit root, signifying play or hop. On this evidence M r Falkener has reconstructed the game. 41 Each piece was an ah, and, therefore, all the pieces, though moving only one square at a time in any direction, could leap over an adversary occupying ft contiguous square, provided the next square were open,as in. draughts, but without taking it. He proceeds to give the diagram of a board, and plays a game which occupies, he says, about two hours, b ut might, no doubt, be accomplished In a much shorter time by practised players.___________ 