MORE REMINISCENCES OF CARLYLE. in! THE GALLIVANTINGS OF MR. MILL. The second instalment of Sir Charles Duffy's Conversations and Correspondence of 'Thomas Carlylc, in the Contemporary Fevieto, is rather more interesting than tho first. Recalling tho days of the Latter Lay Pamphlets , the writer tells a humorous story of tlio soriousnoss with which nn Irishman of Coloraino received tho atrabilious suggestion in Downing- strcct that tho work of Parliament might bo dono bettor and oheaper by a newspaper. Sir Charles Bays:— "It must have tiokled tho philosopher's midriff to find this mad bantor taken seriously by one of his admirers, who was willing to subscribe £10 a yoar towards sotting, up a newspaper which should supersede Parlia ment in the minds of all reasonable people." But tho most ontortaining passages in those reminiscences relate to John Mill and his Elatonio affection for the lady who afterwards ceamo his wife. In a conversation with Sir Gh&rle; Duffy, Cnrlylo held forth in this wise At one time wo saw a good deal of Mill. In tho Reform Bill era ho was an innocent young creature, with rich auburn hair and gentle pathetic expression, beautiful to con template ; but a domestic embroilment drovo him to adopt a seoluded monastic sorb of life, In which people saw little of him but the work ho did. His lifo had been wrecked by a platonio, and quite innocent, affection for a married lady who had since become his wife, concerning whom ho had got possessed by an idea, or, indeed, & series of ideas, whioh were altogether absurd and insupportable. Ho regarded her as the paragon of womankind, which sho was not by long odds ; far otherwise than a paragon, ono might safely say. She was the daughter of a Radical doctor, who married her to Taylor, a Radical and Sooiniati, an honeBt simplo sort of man, who had no doubt that tho ideas which prevailed among this class of por tions afforded a suffioient solution for all tho hard probloms of life. W. J. Fox had a chapel in Finsbury, where he patron ised Peter and Paul as ignorant but well intentioncd porsons, and dolivcred prayers which some ono described as the most eloquent prayers that ever wore addressed to a British audionco ! Fox had probably tho Taylors among his congregation ; at any rate, he came to know that Mrs. Taylor, a vivaoious little body, found her life among the Socinians wearisome", and he told her that John Mill was the man among tho human race to re lievo in a competent manuer her dubiotios and difficulties. He brought Mill to seo her ; and Mill, who had probably ncvor before looked into a woman's face, was spell bound. She yaa a shrewd woman, with a taste for coquetry, and she took possession of Mill and wrapped him up liko a cocoon. .Housed to go to her in all his trouble to bo comforted, and in all his difficulties to be guided and probably to be flattered a little besides. From that time ail Mill's enjoyments in lifo oontred in her. Taylor romonstrated with her on tho extent to which tho intimacy was carried : but bIic told him ho might blow up the house if it seemed good to him, but she could not, under any circumstances, give up this friendship as she would probably call it. There wero children to bo considered, and ho thought ho had better endure the thing than make a clamor and a catastrophe. . . . Mrs. C&r-; lylo, who was present, said Airs. Mill was not the pink of womankind, as her husband con ceived, but a peculiarly affeotcd and empty body. She was not easy unless she startled you with unexpected sayings. If she was going to utter Bomcthiug kind and affcotionato sho spoke in a hard seem voice. If sho wanted to bo alarming or uncivil sho omploycd thejmost honeyed and affectionate tones. " Come down and see us," sho said one day ( mimicking her tone). "You will bo chatmediwith our house, it is so full of rats." "Rats!" cried Carlyle. "Do you regard them ns an attraction?" "Yes" (piano) "thoy aro such dear innocent eventures." Mrs. Carlyle at the same time told mo tho story now sufficiently known of how tho first volumo of tho French llcvolulion got burnt. When Mill suddenly appeared at tho Choynorow to announce the misfortuno, he looked so like the ghost of Hamlet's father that she knew some catastropho must bavo occurred, and exclaimed involuntarily, " Gr&oious; Providence, he has gone off with Airs. Taylor !" but happily tho misfortuno proved to be a moro remediablo ono. " One day," Bald Airs. John Stuart Blnckie to a Strand Magazine interviewor, " I went to call on Airs. Carlyle. It was in the afternoon of a very, very hot day. I was just saying good bye, when it suddenly occurred to mo to ask, referring of course to her husbnnd, May I seo the great man?' Airs. Carlyle took me down some dark kitchen stairs, and there, in a corner, with his trousers drawn up to his knees, sat Carlyle on a chair, with his feet and legs in a great tub of cold water 1 " 