MY UNOCLE'SGHOST. One rainy evening recently I.lounged into my uncle's bachelor-apartments at the hotel for a talk and smoke. One of 'my uncle's hobbies was to-be surrounded at all times by young men; and, indeed, he seemed, little more,than a boy himself in feeling*, although he had passed his fiftieth birthday. And we were all devoted to-the ' major,' aSwe caeid inim-I fIbelieve..that.Wrtitoa:tit ing the war. There- was -no one so willing -to' lend a. helping hand when we were in a: college scrape; no one. who would loan money.so readily when an allowance fell short ; there was no one, with such a fund of experiences from which to draw for amusing or thrilling tales; and then his wines and cigars were unimpeachable. On,this. particular evening I found him stretched out before the fire, his eyes fixed reflectively upon the ceiling, as he blew huge rings of smoke upwards from the fragrant pipei ' How are you, Tom V he said lazily; '"you've saved me from myself by coming in. It has been such a nasty sort of a day, and an ovening likethis I always-mope and think of my ghost.a 'Your ghost . I echoed. ' Why, yes;- you know I have the pleasure of owning one. Do you mean that I have never told you the story t' ' No,'.I answered. The major's fceh grew -radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing he enjoyed above all others was a good story told by himself; and they were always very good, . Before he began it was ' Order what you like, Tom. I'll take a drop of brandy straight, you will find the best cigars on, the top shelf?. At last we were both very comfortably settled. After a preliminary swallow of brandy he began. ' It was about fifteen years ago, and I was on my way to Ohicago. The trains did not go right through as they do now, and they stopped oftener. ' It might -have been five o'clock in the evening, and we had one more night to ride, when the train began to slow up, finally stopping at a small station, and a young woman came into the car. ' The seats were pretty well occupied, and, when she reached me she %sked if she might have the other half of mine. ' Of course I said 'yes.' ' There was plenty of room, and she only had a small bag with her. 'You know I..was never much on women, but I can tell a pretty one when I see her, and a lady. She was. both, although her dress was plain and black, and her gloves had been neatly mended in several places. I had a number of books and papers, the most entertaining. of which I offered her, and when she thanked: me, her voice was. the sweetest I have heard - low, and soft and musical. ' By Jove .! said the major excitedly, as he reached for the.brandy ' That woman. would sing with her whole soul, she- couldn't have helped it-with that voice. ' Well,' he continued, ' she took up a book, but she didn't read much; just turned the pages at random, and sighed softly to herself every little while, as if she were unhappy or in trouble. When the conductor came through she called him and asked him about a berth. \- 'I am sorry,' he said; ryou should have telegraphed. We are very full, and there is nothing but an upper one left. You would like a whole section ? ''I would,' she replied; 'although a lowerone would do. You are sure you can not accommodate me ' SI'm sorry, miss, but I don't see how,' said that burly conductor, and ,he did seem sorry, out of sympathy, as he saw the trouble in the girl's face. 'Then I spoke-... ' I have a whole section to myself, and I always prefer the upper berth, so if you will take the lowerione, I shall be most happy to resigu it to yon, 'This was a lie, for I had never-slept in one before. 'She ~was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that kind. 'I shall never forget the glance. shegave me. I had notnototiced her eyes be;fore, but now they.lit up her face. They were a deep violet, almostpurple, with dark depths, and thick black lashes which cast shadows on her pale cheeks. '-Yes, she was very pale; you would have called her ill until,.you saw hert, lips,. which were like a strip of scarlet on the snow. ' Another thing I. noticed was a tiny scar which looked as if: it had been made with a sharp instrument, it was just below her left temple.. 'I tried to talk with her, for she interested me deeply. -. - 'Although she answered me pleasantly, she said nothing by which I could discover who she was,,where she was -going, or why she, was travelling alone. ' Just before it was time, to make up the berth sle grew., very nervous,: twisting and untwistingher-hands,, and tapping her foot. She g!ances at meonce-lor twice, but to all appea~rances I was deep iu my book. :' I've got to-do it,' I heard her-say-in the faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't believe she knew that she spoke aloud, so occupied :was - she .with her own thoughts. - 'In a few moments she spoke again, still to herself-- r·.·• 'They must never find him about me. It would spoil all, and I would never---' 'I lost the next two words, but they sounded like 'disgrace him.' She seemed aware then that she had spoken aloud,:and looked quickly at me. I turned a page in my book and settled farther back. into my corner. 'Then she opened her bag and took from it a picture. \---A sar -suraa ...o . .a - It j was b o: likeness off an aristocratis youn?nianiwith blue eyes and smiling lips. ' She looked at it for about fifteen minutes longingly, passionately ; then she kissed it furtively under cover of her handker chief. ' After that she covered it with both hands and gave one little sob, and then began to tear the picture into bits SAh, he, a lover's quarrel L' I thought; and yet it didn't seem like that. It was too serious; it was more like a parting for ever. SIn a little while she turned to ige. She was paler than ever and the old scar was. brighter. 'Will you please open the window P' she asked. 'I have something here to throw away. ' I did as she wished, and she scattered the fragments of that photograph to the four winds. She then drew a breath of re lief. ' Now that is over the rest will be com paratively easy,' she said, but this time to me. 'What will be easy ' I ventured. 'Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to a stranger,' she replied. 'I suppose I mean life will be easier while we live, and death when we die.' 'Life should always be easy for one as young as yourself,' I said. 'She turned her beautiful eyes toward me again, and her glance was like a shock from a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said slowly ' Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine has been sweet'-with an emphasis on the ' has been'-' too sweet to last; but now well, all will be right in the future, I have no fear.' And she turned away. ' After that I could only make her speak in monosyllables. ' At last that whole earful had settled for the night to try and gain the little rest that might be found. Everything was tolerably quiet, and I shut my eyes and tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the occasional groan of the engine. There was a little, scraggy, pale Novem ber moon, which gave me a chill as I looked at it, and made me. imagine all sorts of creepy things. I thought I heard a stifled sigh once or twice from the berth below. I even seemed to notice a faint, unpleasant odour. All my senses were abnormally active, and as I was an old traveller I was very much ashamed of myself. ' When, finally, I did sleep a little it was to dream of a frightful accident, in which that pale, yellow moon and I had a hand-to hand fight to see which of us should save the pretty girl, and during our struggle she had been crushed under the car. ' I had important business a. few stations this side of Ohicago, but I had made up my mind that I would have a little talk with the young lady before I left the car. ' In the morning when I arose I went to the front platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellow passengers were visible, but that berth under mine was just as it had been all night. The girl had not yet appeared. Could she be ill I I was very near my stopping place-I could not go without saying good-bye. The porter passed through. I called to him and told him: that there was a lady in that berth who had not yet been heard from. She might be sick. 'He went to the berth directly, and made one startled exelamation. The passengers began to crowd around. I felt sick and faint, but went with the rest. There shelay the lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her lips still that wonderful dash of red; but her face was like marble, her hands were like ice, and hpr heart---ah I there was no action there. She was dead ! ' By her side was a bottle half filled with landanum, which showed that she had taken her own life. 'I did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms and questions as to who she was and why she did it. I just took one long, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair; then I went out to the platform again, and remained there until I reached my station. The major smoked violently for a few moments. 'But where does the, ghost come in I asked at length. The ghost I he said, with a suggestion of passion in his voice which I had never heard there before; 'she is the ghost. Her pale face, black dress, and violet eyes, have haunted me more or less ever since. 1 can hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly to day, when I will allow myself, as I did then, and it was fifteen years ago. 'There is a place in my heart now for these poor little mended gloves, which were in themselves a pathetic story. ' I am never on the cars at night that she does ,not stand before me with that little troubled,,.expression, and that pleading look, until I reach out my arms to touch her; then she vanishes, aund I know it was-Jyou will say a?n illusion, a fancy-I call it her ghost. ' How many times have I wished that in some way I had gained possession of that man's picture. I would have pasted them together if it had taken half a life-time, and then I would have found him. I would have revenged that poor girl for the a rong he had done her. Yes, wrong, for I know that in some, way be had driven her to her death. Perhaps that is why I never married. I cannot tell. I only know that I hake never yet tnet a woman who- could be to me what a ~r. .I ...ia.?.g ,, r S '- but once. She was not even a name to mie 'f ohe- h-rs her character, I know nothing, and I am called a man of the world, 'And yet, boy,' he exclaimed, turning to me, his face grey with-passion, ' I am happier on a dark, stormy night like this,, in- the - prospect of coming home to be- with her spirit, her memory, if you will,, than I should be I if knew another,a real woman was wait ing to fling soft arms about my neck, to kiss me with tenderest lips. Forgive me, Tom ; I seldom speak of my own feelings and emotions, but perhaps now you can faintly understand how much reality there can be even ina- ghlost. The major had- gained' complete control of himself once more, and was nodding good h?rmouredly over his pipe, as if romance, women, andche had alwaya been, as they al ways would berstrangers. 