' '. LITERARY GOSSIP. I "BobortElsmere" created much interest and discussion that expectation runs high with regard to Mrs. Humphry. Ward's new book, " The History of 1 David Grover's Sydney booksellers have received numerous orders for the work. " Robert Elsmore " in five months passed through seven editions, line was in three-volume form. Of the one-volume edition over a hundred thousand copies have been issued; It was published, it will be remembered, in 1888\. " The History of David Grieve " is told in four books-" Childhood," " south," " Storm and Stress," and " Maturity." 1 The National Olisci ver publishes a long poem of Rudyard Kipling's in its last issue to hand, The poem is entitled, and is about " Tomlinson," who dies in Berkeley-square, and coming to Heaven s gate is refused admission by St. Peter. O none may reach by hired speech of neighbour, priest, and Through borrowed deed to God's good need that lies so fair Get hence, get hence to the Lord of Wrong:, for the doom has yet to run, ." _ , , And . . . the faith that you share with Berkeley-square uphold you, Toiniiuson 1 He tries at another place. The Devil he looked at the mangled Soul that prayed to feel the flame. And he thought of Holy Charity, but he thought of his own good nature. With the result that though Tomlinson was not good enough for Heaven, he was not bad enough for the other place. Go back to Earth with a lip unsealed-go back with an open . eye, . And carry my word to the Sons of Men or over you come to die: That the skin they do by two and two they must pay for one by one And .... the God that you took from a printed book be with you, Tomlinson. The poem is forcibly written. The marriage of Mr. Kipling with Miss Caroline Starr Balostier took place on the 18th January at the church of All Souls, Marylebone. The ceremony, which was gone through at 2 o'clock, was unusually quiet owing to the recent death of Mr. Balestier. Scarcely a single friend of the young people know of the fixture, and not a dozen people, including the officials of the place, were in the church at the time of the marriage. The, contracting parties had qualified themselves by residence at the Langham Hotel just opposite, whence they came to the church at the appointed time. One of the two curates, the Rev. Walter P. Legg, road the service. Among the privileged few present were Mr. Henry James, Mr. Edmund Gosse, Mr. Poynter, and Mr. W. Heinemann. The church register gives the age of both 26. Literary Opinion announces that Mrs. Carlyle, nee Mary Wilson, is engaged, along with her husband, on a work dealing with the character and genius of their uncle, Thomas Carlyle. Mrs. Carlyle was his literary assistant and constant companion during the last years of his life, and her estimate of her distinguished kinsman will therefore possess unusual interest. Mr. Hall Caine has written a short story in four numbers, bearing Rosotti's title, " The Last Confession, which Messrs. Tillotson, of Bolton, are to publish in their newspaper syndicate. "More Ghost Stories," a sequel to Mr. Stead's Christmas number of the JUvuw of Reviews, will contain chapters on " Experiments with a Double," " Spirit Photography," '((Dreams," and Clairvoyance Phouotio French, as written by M. Auguste Durand, looks quite as odd as phonetic English, as written by Mr. Isaac Pitman, of the " Fonetic Nuz." Here is bow M. Durand would like to see the well known chorus of the " Marsoillaito," "Aux Armes Citoyous to appear in print : Oz arm(e) situate' . ' come' to baffling -lasso', marso' k's sa keeps , Above) no silo. Mr. Robert Buchanan takes a gloomy view of things. Writing to a young man, he wants him to keep from literary pursuits, " the wretchedness of all professions," and continues :-" Not a day of my life passcsbutlrecoivocommtinicationsfroinolhor aspirants who see in literature a loyal road to prosperity, and out of all those not one in twenty has the most rudimentary qualifications for the literary profession. There is not in this country a single professional author, however distinguished, who does not know by all experience that, to live by li tomlin of stone 1 means infinite disappointment and proportionate suffering. Only the strongest and hurdle- survive in an occupation which, in England at least, has now legitimate rewards and little social honour." Mr. A. W. Hutton. " Biography of Cardinal Manning," which is shortly to be published by Messrs. Methuen, will be an authoritative life of the great prelate. It has been some lunn in preparation, and was written with the sanction of Cardinal Manning, who gave the author much information concerning his early years, and only exacted that the book should not appear during his own lifetime. Mr. Hutton 23 librarian of the National Liberal Club. Mr. W. T?. Kingdon, the head of the book department in Messrs. W. H., Smith and Son's establishment, gave a ludgate Monthly interviewer some particulars the other day as to the popularity of certain books. Of Shilling shockers Mr. Kingdon said that " Called Back " was the first that secured an exceptional sale, and the " Mystery of a Hansom Cab " ranked next. " But it is not always the sensational novel that scores," added Mr. Kingdon. " The first great success I am recall was 'The Koran,' issued during the Turkish War by Warne and Co., in various editions, which were sold faster than they could be printed. Since then, Max O'Roli's first book, and more recently. ' ThrooMnu in a Boat,' 'Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow,' and Looking Backward have also done well. Just now the new shop monthlies are making the record, but if they go on increasing in number there will not be room for all." Mr. Kingdon went on to say that Rudyard Kipling's short stories are very popular, and are having an enormous sale. " His last volume, Life's Handicap,' published at six shillings," has sold almost as freely as his shilling books. The six-shilling novel does not sell very largely now, and the publishers are recognising this by issuing threo-anci-sixponny series, equal to the old six shilling ones. Marion Crawford's are mostly obtainable now at three and sixpence, and there is a large and continuous demand for them. The two shilling novel is still a favourite with railway travellers." "Rolf Boldrewood " has written a new novel, "Nevermore," dealing with Australian bush life, which Messrs. Macmillan are to publish immediately. A story of Western life, rolled " Roffey," by the late Wolcott Balestier, will appear in the February number of the Century Magazine, and will be followed by another, the last written by him before his fatal illness. A biographical sketch of Mr. Balostier, by Mr. Gosse, is to be published in the Century Magazine, and another by Mr. Henry James in the Cosmopolitan. A unique experiment will be tried in the February issue of the ladies' Home Journal. The entire number has been contributed in prose, fiction, and verse by the daughters of famous parentage as an experimental proof that genius or talent in otto!, hereditary. The work of 30 of these "daughters" will be represented. Those will comprise the daughters of Thackeray, Hawthorne, Dickens, James Fenimore Cooper, Horace Greeley, Mr. Gladstone President Harrison, William Dean Howells, Senator Ingalls, Dean Bradley, Julia Ward Howe, General Sherman, Jefferson Davis, and nearly a score of others. Each article, poem, or story printed in this number has been specially written for it, audlhowholoproinise3to be a successful Loutit of an idea never before attempted in a magazine. Emile Zola is finishing the last chapter of his great war novel "La Guerre,'' at Medan, in the beautiful country house which he has built for himself. The chateau looks like an enlarged edition of the modern French villa, and is composed of white stone and red brick a strange combination, specially chosen by the novelist. The hall is furnished with rare Japanese hanging embroideries and curios, and contains, placed in a quaint dead gold frame, the five portraits of his literary disciples and collaborators "Los Sources do Mudan." M. Zola works in a small study filled with books, and furnished in a severely simple style, but much of his leisure is spent in a great billiard salon. Unlike most Frenchmen, "ola adores the country in winter, and is glad when his work gives him the excuse of spending New Year's Day at his beloved Midan. The last two years have witnessed an astonishing difference in "Le Maltro's " personal appearance ; iron stout He had become cadaverous this, no attributes the change to a very strict system of dieting and exercise. When the Strand Magazine was still toil, one of it features, observes the P M. G., was a series of photographs or portraits of great men at various stages of their careers in the cradle, in knickerbockers, with whiskers, as he now appears," and so forth. The Idler in its first number follows suit with some curious composite photographs, representing "blonds " between various popular politicians. Thus " Glndstono-ITiircouit" makes a very fine creature a leader elect whom any party might be proud of. Gladstone Morley is also a good blood. Salisbury Balfour, perhaps owing to the family likeness, makes it most rraiseinblunt portent. Salisbury Goschen becomes chaos. But the final synthesis of Salisbury G hillstone - Smith - Harcourt - Balfour - Rosebery Goschen Morley was fearful and wonderful u Croatian as might have been expected. A unique method of avoiding contagion from the handling of books is in use in the public library of Chicago. By an arrangement with the Board of Health, every case of contagious disease occurring in the city is immediately reported to the librarian, and if it happens that any books from the library are in the possession of the afflicted family, messengers from the library are at once sent for them. The books are then thoroughly fumigated, and in cases of smallpox destroyed. When Richard Jefferies died a reviewer remarked that in a few years there would be no more recollec- tion of him. At the present day, Buys the Author, JefTorios's books are going up every day higher in value, now editions are being issued, and " there is every sign of such immortality for him as belongs to White of Selborne." It may be stated that the best of robberies, which it is intended to place in Salisbury Cathedral, is now ready. In literary Opinion a story is told by an | American correspondent of British piratical enterprise :-" The manager of a press cutting agency in New York had for some time past been supplying the editor of a London weekly paper with cuttings of all the short stories published in the American press, amounting to several hundreds a week. Just recently he started a new paper on this side, and ran ' it under an assumed name in order to keep it separate from his press-cutting business. But he had not been in the now venture a month when he received a letter from his London client offering to supply him with American stories of any description at the rate of four per column, and sending him as a sample some type written copies of the stones he had clipped from the American papers. My friend had often wondered what the man wanted with all the cuttings he hit him, but he has left off wondering now." 