AN INSTRUMENT OF TORTURE. " Thfftft !" 1 said, ns I signed ill" parahinent, dashed my pen under tli signature and touched tho acal. " I tle- litur this as my act and deed. There's the instrument, then, Mr Watson ; and now the buiiucss ia finished so far as I am conoerned." Mr Watson shuddered as I spoke, n change pHsaed otcrhis face, and ho wiped ! I is brow with his handkerchief. I looked i st him with surprise ; fur. if anybody wan toNhuddcr.it ought to have been tityyolf. J ss "tho inorlgngnr of the find put," and eruryiHjdy knows that ttiH first decidtNl sicp on the downward |nOi lias Wen taken when n man mnrtgagqs his pnlrununy for (|mt first ! email ailv.incc wluclt breeds taster than a j c-'iio e of taunt rnbbita. " I your pardnn, air." ho said, tmi'mg fmiit y ; "it.wr the woni lhat you n»i».| tlmt — i Imt wUirtK'd mo." ! " I TlirreV the iii-it (tuiorib. A Ji-rd iiedU tlHupinruiuent, isn't it i You blight to know thai." V-n. yea. of onnse 1 know il. Sir ; . but— — ' " lie pHiini'd inn! looked out of. (he wiu'hnv, and ihtui s;inl, with climigu 4it I 0110, " It' mining «ry hard. Sir. bur I : mint bo gottiug tmck to iowii. Would it I tit- »»kitig very tininli if I were I o boy you to It-ti'l ok r m iiMihnJ'ii ? It should be re- turned without fail in-umrrow." As ho |M»ke, a gust of wind rattled the mill sguiust the windows and a louse shutter banged angrily. I ruisod the | rurtain end looked out on the depri'ssim icaiio. A house-boat is the Very deuce of ; ft blsco for im-iatinhuly on n wet evening, i Thu toll jKtplnr on tho hank were bend ing under the first <>t the snu'-west gule that was coining up fast, and the river was thu color of lead. Two mbertihlo men in waterproofs, with their llannels covered with mud, plodded mrikiiy along thu tow-path, dragging a boat which eoutsincd a drenched and draggle- tailed girl, and thu ceasek-sn luurinur Df tho weir, which seemed to in vito ono in the bright, suinmur mornings to that delicious plunge into tho freak swift current, now came laden witli thoughts of suicidu over thu darken ing water. Then 1 looked at Air Watson, and pitted him for hnving to "Walk two miles lotlio station through that pouring rain. I have noticpd that Inwyers'clerka, as n rulo. nrc clieorfu! and spriglitiy men, and I Imvo thought that it was purhnps bccauso on most of tho occasions that I have come in contact with tiicm they or thuir omployors woro going to muko something out of mo; bub ho was an ex ception to tho rulu. Now, if tliuru is ono plucu in which, nbovu all others, you want a chucrful com- iianioti, that placo ia thu saloon of a house-boat on a wet summer evening, ftud 1 hope that it will go down to toy credit iu tho celestial ledger that I asked Inui to ntay awhile and give thu weuthor a chance to clear up. " There's a tram at hnlf-pnst 0," f laid, "and 1 promised to go«ut to supper with a neighbor of mine this evening, so, If you tike, we can krop each other com pany for the naxl hour." llo thankful mo with great politoiiosn. and, wondering whnt J could find to talk about that would intoroat him. 1 produced tha whisky and ctgnra, and sat down to Emm thu tiius as host 1 might till il should o time to got into (ho punt and work up to lho Heine Maigor. to snppur. lint, though Mr Watson look his whisky liku a inaii, ha did not grow any moro chwurful under its iullunncu. 'lie was extremely polite mid much interested in iny jo- mark. but he originated nothing, and nftor half mi hour's lahorious hu&pitulity.; wo s%fc and stared at each oLhor in ulenco. At last, at my wits' ends, I nskod him suddenly ; " Why did you look so uncomfortablo wlien I executed that deed an hour ago, Mr Watson ? Were you thinking of something 1" lie raisod his dull eyes, and looked at mo steadily. "It was tho won! you usod. Sir." he aid, slowly. " It— well, it reminded me or n very painful incident iu my life— una that shattered my hcnlLh for n year or moro; nnd oven now makes niusoinutimes, when I'm out of health at nil, wnko up in llio night trembling and gasping for breath." " Would you mind tclHngmo about itt" 1 suggusted, strangling a yawn ; "that is, if its nut ton painful, you kuorr," "It is psiniul, Sir, husnid ; "but«you are young and it may teauli you never to drive a man too fur, so I'll lull it you— qb a warning," And then, nn tlmt dreary evening, with Hie wind moaning in the trcus, and the rain pattering on the roof to thu maestoso accompaniment of the wash of the rising river and tho mournful miotic of the weir, he told mo this grisly talc, wlnlo I sat by aaioking and wondering how much of it was true, " Nearly twenty years ago," ho said, i was a young man just entering mi life, with a good position Iu the office of a good firm of solicitors, good health, and tho best of spirits. Now I am- well, 1 have nothing to cnmplaiu of an O my poaitioti. If Mr Lawson woro to discharge trie next month, 1 could find another situation in a week ; but my health ia bid, Sir, and my nerves are all to piecos. Ouc night changed uio from a strong young nun to a shattered invalid, mid tho effect of thut night 1 shall foul to my dying day." " Dear mo I" I said, sympathetically. "How very sad 1 Won't you liavo some more whiskoy ?' c Ho put tho proflorad dccantor osido with a bow, and wont on : " Iu thuso days I had a friend— a young Zeilow of toy own ago, and the best fellow that evor earned thrco pounds a week iu a solicitor's office. We lived together ; at louat, I lived In his hnnso— a nioo littlo house it was, too— at llrixton. 1 had tho first floor ou n yearly agree ment—it was arranged thut 1 should hftro it when he took Llio bnusa— and he lived below with his wife, Suuh a protiy girl sho was 1 Tliero wasn't a prettier figure in Bond at reel than hers ; end wbsn the regular customers at Kay's were in nuy doubt as to tho est of a 'manllothuy used to suy to the manager, 'Send Miss Wilkius lu, please, and let mu kes how she luokfi in it.' H didn't follow, sir, that because sho looked smart m it they would ; but that's the way with wcinun — ladies, 1 moan." " Why on earth couldn't yuu let her slons 7" I asked— not PMggisly, of course, but rathor reprovingly — for 1 ntn very triot in uiy morals whero tho middle classoa are coucornod, Uo turned round quickly. " Let her alone, air 7 I wouldn't hnvu said a word to her that Jim mightn't have beard— not fur— not to have been Hindu managing clerk at Golhctg and fcilvor- fclioruu's, and tlioygivo tlioir man LfiOO a pear. No, it wm nothing to do with her lhat brought about the trouble." Ho paused, and seemed to considor Wrbilo, aud then wont on : " I was ft baoholor myself then, as now, jad rather ft careful youug clinp, so I lmd always a fow pounds to ray name in tho invings bank ; whereas Jim was an ex travagant follow, nnd being vory proud of his wife, used to let her spend more on her dress thou she had any right to do. Consequently, there was a litUo tightness in the money market from tune to tune, aud ttiou lie iimh! to como to me and borrow a little bit. I always used to let him have It if 1 could, for I was fond of him ; but it Issr it caaa to be nearly L20 that ho rwetl me. Then oue evouing, when we hadn't walked home from tho city to gether its usual, bo ostuo up to my room and said : — Look hero, Phil'— my noma Is Philip Wfttnon, Sir, as you might havo oun when 1 attested your execu- 1 turn just now — 'you've been vory I g»od to uio, old chap, and 1 owo you a ' lot of monoy, and all that. I can't pay you just yet, aud so I've detorraluod to givo you this instrument. It'll kscp you quiet, von know,' lie said, smiting all thu 1 time. " And then he showed me what he'd brought. It was a " " Not a bill of salo ?" I asked, nerv ously, for 1 onco raw n mini's chamber literuliy emptied by the hol ler of on.? of the horrible things, and I knv« had a horror of them ever since. " No, , Sir, not a bill of salo exactly— yuu can't give llicin for less i than UO, you know— but ono that g.ivo mo great power over the honm and cvmy- body in it. one might, almost wiy. I'oor fellow ! ho war, unite plua«u wiili himsolf sud though it was drawn f|uit.o ligiiily enough, ho could not rvsiit putting a fow touches to il bofnni ho handud it to me. Do you know Shakespeare, Sir?" "0h ! yes," f said, in nn off-handed way, ns if we hud been at school together; j 1 veiy well." " Then perhaps you romembor t hoa» lines heginning ( (low oft the sichr of mefllia to do ill-deeds : make ilbdcnu ilnuc ? " | Yu- .-a, I tr. ink so. 'Thoy'ru in 'The . Seliool lor Scandal. nron't theyf" Xh.kprn.e wan a wonderful oh- survur. ir. I'hu inoment that inv fb'griH i touched lhat accuisud puiuhinent I be- ; came s changed iuhu. I full my power, and 1 ileteimiioii to iihu il. at whatever com to other people and very soon poor Jim began to led il. t bolicve he would have givwn jinyituiig in thu World to lie ablu to pay mo what, ho had burrowed mid get me out of the houso. but be had other debt# -which seemed to : him— Uuavuti help him t— mora pressing ) still. And I hufiuvo Mtinu fiund must have taken possession -of mu, or Kcnulu never hnvu taken tho duiiuht 1 did iu | tormonting him. For sumo timo wo remained outwardly friends, and con tinued to walk homo with each other, and even spend thu owning together. But, sooner or later, I was sure, to turn tho coiivorsntiuii on what he -had given mo, ntid then, of couiso, naturally unough, ho would turn qtuto sihmt ami got nwny from mu so soon as he could. His wife, I think, suffured oven nioro thnn ho did ; and though sho never alluded to it tn mo, I used to hoar hur crying in their bedroom, after 1 had gone up to initio, and quarrelling with her hufhand for what hu had done." . He paused in his story, nnd seemed lost in lus own gloomy thoughts, nnd I looked at my watch. IIo took tho hint, and wont on quickly ; "Well, things went on from bad -to worse. They both began to grow ill under tho cunstunt strain nnd anxiety, nnd thiugs wont wrong iu ' thu hoiiflo. It was not at all comfort able, but I atill clung to it, for I was moro or less master tliaro now, iLU wife laid thu wholu lilaina oil Jiiu, and never forgave him for not having taken her into his confidence till it was too late. ' " At last things cimio to a crisis. Sim, who ought to have thought it her duty to sup|h>rt hor himbund iu Ins trials, gnvo it tip entirely. She pneked up a hex ono morning when hu was asvny at his oliico, and left tin house, leaving a note fur him saying that sho could hoc sup- j port her life any longer, and had gonu to Australia with a bitrlcsnuo coinpnny, and begging him nut to attempt j to follow her. When hu came homo and I found Mint she had goiiu he had a kind of j fit. Hoiihut himself in his room ; nnd when I tried to get him to epeuk to mo ! through the door, I could gut nob a word j from htm but curses. lie charged mo witli being tho destroyer of lus homo and I hi happiness, nnd told mu not to conm m-nr him if 1 valued my life. i thought j it best to leave him alone ;'o 1 went up ! to my room and to lied. That was thu beginning of that awful night. If only 1 had locked my door — but nobody can fur- see everything. . " I could not hnvo been asleep long, when 1 awoke suddenly, and found to my terror thut Homebody had pained a cord round my body binding my uruis tight to my nidoa, nnd utmlhor round my legs, 1 struggled, and tried to risu, but tho next instant I felt the point of a knifo at my throat, nnd Jim's voiuu Haul, in a hotuso whispor, 'If yon liitura sound, I'll cut your head off! Lie still till I've dono with you, nnd thou shout if you can.' The next niinuto he forced Homuthing into my mouth, nnd thoro I was, bound and. gagged, and its helpless na if I wero already dead. And then hu lighted thu caudle, and 1 could sco by his wihl -look that he had got perfectly tnnd, llo enmu and tied the cords a littlo tighter, glaring at mo nit tho time liku a tiger. ' Yuu'vo mnda my lite u hell,' lid said, netweeti Ins toetli. 'For tho last three months £ huvou't known what ponce of uiind means; and now I'm going lu muko you Bull'ur a part of what yon'vu indicted ou me.' " "Hnvo you told thin story often, Mr Watson 7" I asked politely. " To nobody but yourself, sir. Why do you ask 7" " I only thought that that' was a well- turned apuocli fur on impromptu. Pray I go on." "No doubt he had rehearsed it Sir," said Mr Watson, "llo lmd thought out all ho meant to do most carefully, us you'll sou. 1 tried to spenk. to liim. hnt 1 could ; not utturn word ; I could 'only lio stili and wntch.hiin. lio wdlked nhout. tlio room for soma lime, mid at Inst lie' took tho mnrblo lop oif my-, ioilet-tablc.; It' had a rmmd hoto in it to hold tho basin, and through this hV'paiwod n long cord aud liud it fast. Then ho passed ! tho other end of the rape through a ring that I'd fixed in. tho cuiling, ami pulled up tho slab of inurblo as far as it would go, and tied tho oiul of llio rope to tho hnndio of tho door of. a closet. " If 1 bad -thought that ho wan mad be fore I was Hiiru of it now ; and I lay aud wondered what ho would do next. I hadn't long to wait, llo camo over to ma nnd fur one moment I hoped that ho had changed his mind, aud was going to uulio toe ; but uo imch luck ! !Ju caught hold of nn? and rolled mu off on to the floor like u rack of ooals, and pulled iuo into tho middle of thu room mail thu bottom cornur of tho slab was just over my head, Ait I oust my eyos upwards I only inw ir. edgawiao, and I know Mint if it fell on iuo it would flatten my head hko ft walnut that you trnad on ns ifc lie on the pavtmout— for the room ww» lofty, and the slnhnn mindi .iMonemsn wiuld lirt. When hu hud fixed uierxiiotly midont, hu Wheuhttl n table tigaiiibt thu dintr of iho closet. Tho top of it came ju-t under thu bnnills to which Mm ropu was fastened, and as tho rinir that it. went through wn» right in the uiuhlli of the coiling, it van across the table at an angle of forty-live degrees with tho wall. Ami then hu looked at me mid grinned— nnd n suiuuical grin it was— aud began to talk. "'J'vu takun u Jut of Iroublo about this,' hu said. ' Most mem would just have put this kmfo into you just under tile left ear liku Lhay do with pigs, and then luvo gotio nwny nnd Jolt von to blend to death. But I'm n merciful 3ort of follow, and wo wero friuuds unco, bo- toro 1 put myself in your power, so I'm going to give you tiino to repent of your sins before that thing comas down on you and smashes your head into straw berries and cream, I'm going to put thia candlestiuk hero, just against this oril you seo. _ I put thcHu hooka under il ' (hu was suiting thiuaction to tho word — Bhnkcspunro ngain, Sir— ull tho limo), 'aud thut raises it so that tho curd touches tho bottom of the candle. I've only j«st.u lighted it, so iUl burn nbout two hours. By the time it's burned qnito down I think it'll have burned through quite enough of that wpo to— eh 1 old cltup, what do you think f" "What do you think ?" I asked, breath lessly ; for really it was a deuced awkward position for n mnn to be in. " Think, sir ? I wus past tliiukina. T could do nothing but lie there and watch that humble cnndlo. Tho ltaiuo was about six inches nhovo the jopo, whidi juit touched it. It was all it could do to hold tho weight, for it wns awfully thin — no thicker than your littlo fingor ; nnd I know that llio mmnnit it began to smoulder it would bo all over with me, for 1 know that it was a million looito ngnin.it anybody coming iu before I morning. Then I began to think of my sins, nnd particularly of Mm way I'd I (tented Jim ; and if ! could only hnvo j spukuii I'd have naked him to forgivo mo, for it was only now that I realised what he mu.-.l Imvo suffered at my hnnd. £ prayed Mint he'd go nwny and givo iuo a chano- of getting free before it fell, but hu wouldn't move, lie writ down ami w.itebed the candle, mottoi ing to himself ami ebiifhlin'' now ntid again. The shadow of tho lope fell across a picture on Llio wail oppoMtu the cWl-dour, and it moved Mu candle humeri — ever so little, but I (nuld see tlmt it did just j move. .... 1 think I must lmve fainted. | nfter n litMo, with fright, for I don't seem u» rcnivmbcr much till, a!) of a i sudden, 1 luttictM that 1 was getting day- ; light, nnd Mint the flame of thu candle wan only just over tho rope. 1 felt that another »tn miimtes was nil I had tn bopo ; for. Jim tecMned to notice the i daylight stealing in nt llio same tiino ns I did, for ho got up and looked out of tho window. Then ho turned round to me nnd said . I've got a lilth- binnum nt Wast- minster Bridge, Phil. Of course, I'm not going to stop in the Inml of thu living, ns they say, after wha'/s happenud, and what's just going to linppon, and I've btjun Miiiiking that a hole in' the wulor's about the oasiust way of taking leave. I shuuld have liked to, stop nnd blm- how ' you h»ok when' that slab' lifted off your face: but if I wait til! everybody's about, I shan't bo able to do my own littlo job. So 1 think I must leave you. I think wu'ru both bound for thu same place, Phil; so if yuu get off first you'd butter wait for ine. and we'll go to tho devil's door together. So long, old man.' . "Once more I tried frantically to rwc — oncu moro 1 almost choked in my efforts to sneak. But it was uo good; 1 was helpless, and lay purfoetly silent as he left thu room and locked tho door be hind him. leaving mu to my fate. Onco outside, I heard htm stop on tho landing for ii minute; than ho unlocked tho door aud enmo into tho room again, "M'vo buep' thinking,' he said. tlmt your friuuds might liku to know why you've been punished like this, ami I've Uutormincd io let tliem.' -Uo went to tho placo whero I kept my treasures, nnd took out—-" " The hill of fialo 7" I nskod. " 1 told you it wasn't a bill of sale, sir, homml with a protossionnl air; "it " Well, never mind what it was," I in- terruptod ; "what did ho do willlit?" " iio lifted ups-my head » nua put the uecuraod thing under it, nnd I h«U laughed in a most horrible way. Im not tho first man who's boon ruined by a piece of sheepskin, ' he sutd, 4 but I'm the Inst, who'll bo driven mod by time "particular ono— that's one comfort.' " lie wont out of the room again, but this time he loft the door- open, and I could hoar him run downstairs. 1 full tho draught from the front door as no opened it, and then I heard it slain behind him. Aud then X looked at tho caudlo, 1 and begun to say my prnyvra for the Inst timu. But ns 1 looked nt it I saw tho , flame flicker and begin to bend sideways ns the draught from thu door caught it and blew it away from tlio rope. If tho j caudlo had bton between that nnd the ; dour it would havu shortunud my lifo iu u j few minutes ; ns it whs, it saved it. Tho ! draught grow stronger, and tho cnndlo burned quicker, till nt last it burned right I down to tho socket, thu Ihimo nlways blown an inch owny from tho ropo. Just i before it went out. il -leaped out straight, nod my konrt jumped into my mouth — and lliuu it went out, and 1 wno savod," There was a long pause. " What bouamo of tho olhor gontlo- man T1 1 nskod. ' "Ho drowned himsolf off "WoBtminster Bridge, half an houi after." " Very nainful story," 1 said. " What been mo of the deed ?" "Dfitu,flir7 I said nothing about a deed ?" H " I inenn tho deod tlmt ho gnvo you— the deed that you drovu him tnad with by alwaya holding ft over his head." " J told you it wasn't a deed, air— it wos nn instrument." " Well, nn 'instrument, -them An in- strmnunt is a deed, isu'c it 7"; " Not every instrument, sir. . Thia-wos a musical inatruiuont." " A — tnuiscnl — instrument." "Some pcoplo call it so, at least. It was 'a banjo. '' 1 looked hard nt Irim, aud the ghost of a smile scorned to huvur about his mouth and eyes foruninKtaut. thun disappeared, leaving blni as solouin ns over. I rone and Opened tho door. Tho rain had censed, and tho watery moon was throwing dark shadows across tho rivor. Tho wash or tho wvir still sounded through tho night, but through it 1 could hear slow music My neighbor, young Cnpol, of tho Stock 1 Exobnngo, was beginning hu nightly 1 practising— at tho rata of a bar a I minute ; I " Tu-ru-ra-boom-dc- ay 1 Ta-ra-ra- lioom-du-n'y 1" v 1 said, as I. dosed tho door softly : "Tout ciimiirundru. o'esb tout nar- donncr,"- Vanity Fair." Copper-platu engraving was first dono in )fiU, wood cugrnving in 17U9, etching ou 'metal withncid In 15J2. Tho orunce'Wfts nrigiual'.y a penr-shnped huit about tho size of u common wild cherry, lis ovolutiou is duo to 1200 yuara of cultiva tion. ' Siocklngs made from human hair are worn by CliimsMi tbliorinun ns tlio bust preventive of wot feut. They aro drawn over ordinary cotton 'stoukings, being too rough for putting near- the skin. 