By the Lotta Fountain. Three unknown, but blighted individuals met at midnight undor tbe reflections from tbe old iron of Lotta's Fountain. ' This town is no place for mo,' eaid tha first. ' Although I am tho Original Mitrl monial Bureau, my famo iB overcast. Mayer's Bureau tor Private transaction with poor and hungry foreign princes has cooked my gooBa forever.' 'Lookntme,' whispered a eecond. 'I waa portly and rioh; now I am only a ghost of myself. I waBan Endowment Association, and a party named 'i'obin exposed my little game of Assurance.' ' Foolish ones I' said a third. ' You have made bad breaks, and must lio low for a while. But you, my dear Matrimonial, will still find Country FiatB and City Dudes. You, my rospootcd Endowment Association can pull up stakes and go to Seattle. But I have no suoh roiource. 1 am Completely Dished.' Ho pulled aBido his oloak, and gazing upon bim, thoy shrank in dismay. ' You are right,' they soil!, speaking to gether. ' Wo cannot associate with you any longer. A Lifo-3aving service that does not Savo Life iBsomowhat of a blunder. Go bury yourself in a sand-hill.' Benjamin Franklin waB onco travelling in oold weather and Baw no vaoant placo at tho tavern-fire where he could warm himself. He oried out tho order : ' Half a peok of oyeters in tho shell for my horse.' Upon this, all tbe fire- plaoo crowd rushed out to see a horse cat oysters. Very Boon tbo hustler returned and said : 'Why, air, your horso won't eat tho oysters.' ' Wont ho?' said Fronklin, now comfort fortably seated by tho firosido; ' well, thon, bring them in nnd 000k tbem nnd I'll eat them myself.' A householder disoovored that a spark from a^neighboring conflagration had fallen upon bis own slightly slnnting roof, andhad set fire to the shingles. All tho buckets and tubs had gono to tho big firo, and thero waB no ono to send after them, even had there been timo for suoh a measuro ; but tho man was equal to tho emergonoy. Ho rushed to a pond near by, and deliberately sat down in tho wator, To run upstairs and out upon tbe tool was tho work of a moment, and then he 'sat on' tbe fire in moro senBea than one, and saved tho liouBe. It is aharaotoristio ot aomo good-natured men nlwaysto agrco with those with whom they converse. It ia with them a point of politeness never to diffor, whioh cort of politeness is oortainly a very amiable kind of tnct. Wo have a oapital instance of the value of this polioy in tho sensible specoh of tha man who, during ono ot the Belfast riots, was askod by a mob what his religion waB. He did not know whether bis interrogators were Catholics or Protestants, bat ho looked at their weapons, thsir bludgeons, and their firearms, surveyod all carefully and answered: ?' Gentlemen, I am of the samo opinion 08 that gentleman thero with tho big oxe,' A colonel in tho Frenoh army who had a great oye for neatness, but not muoh of an car for musio, took oocaBion ono day to com pliment hia band-maBter on tho appearance of hiB men. ' Their uniforms are noat,' said tho oolonol, ' end their instruments aro nicely polished and kept in order, but thero iB ono improvement that I must insist upon,' ' What is it, colonel 7' ' You must train you men, when thoy per form, to lift their fingers all at exactly the same timo and at regular intervals on their instruments, oo- one, two I one, two I' Tnn eel layB its epgp, or brings forth its young alive, in the sen, wbero no ono has a ohanoo to observe the process-. Other fisheB, liko tho chad, leave tho ocean to spawn in fresh water 6trcnmn, hut this curicua ond flippcry customer does precisily tho reverse. Tho young coir, newly I orn or hatched, leave the salt water, and moke tbeir way in nimics up tho rivers inland. 