LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.! London, November 23. IS3U Fonryears1 penalservitudc seems at nrstaigtib very inadequate punishment for sueh a colossal case of utterly heartless and long-continued swindling as that of the Ven. and Right Reverend JDr. Claspar Clutterbuek. It may console those who think so to reflect that thi-j fallen teacher and preacher is, according to his friends, of 'a sensitive and fastidious temperament' and may be relied on to 'suffer Keeniy every iiour 01 nia sentence. m cue dock at Bath on Saturday the miserable man, unshaven and unkempt, with lurid angry eyes and a sullen hang- dog expres sion, certainly looked far mor^ like the convict than the clergyman. Seeins him thus, his numerous dupes must more than ever have wondered at their fatuity. Clatter buck pleaded guilty to obtaining money under false pretences, but urged that he had no in tention of defrauding any one. The judge very properly ' pooh-poohed' the latter plea. Mr. Matthews, for the Crown, said that though the prisoner was only charged to the amount of £1G,OCO they had information of transactions tip to folly £35,000. Many of the deped parties had not cared to come forvrard. The v.'orst feature of the case to my eyes (Mr. Matthews dwelt far too lightly on it) was the utterly heartless and conscienceless way in which Clutterbuek stripped his victims of every penny they would part with. Two are ruined utterly and the others seriously crippled. Had the wretch shown even a touch of compunction when robbing the poor Workhouse master of the money uhicli ha knew the man h?.d laboriously saved for his children's education, one would feel differeiitly to him. But be seems to have been utterly callous and wholly seif-sh. Defending himself from the charge of irabscility, one of ClntteL--' buek's victims has declared that though the story of Mr. Goschen and the loan sounded siily enough as told by the Crown counsel iu court, the prisoner gave it quite a different fcemblEBce. Witness was a clergyman, and certainly knew little of business, but lie did know Clutterbuek was a Government oiiicer end constantly summoned to Whitehall. He had seen letters which seemed corrolx.'1-ative evidence of the ac cused's acquaintance with Mr. Gaachjen, and after all on the surface there wjus nertLipg wildly improbable in a doctor of divinity knowing a Cabinet Minister. More over, Clutterbuck's social standing and local prestige were considerable It never occurred to witness to doubt hia word personally, and the pledge of 'inviolable secrecy' preveated his mentioning the matter as he should other wise have done to business friends. Tile, utterly childish way in which the moaey fraudulently acquired was thrown away is another amazing feature o£ this extraordinary ease. The outside brokers 'had' Clutibr buck jtist as he 'had;- his neighbors. In return for thousands they tendered him fairy stories. I inust say I deeply regret tba.se gent3crtier! were not accommodated with seats in the dock instead of the -witness- bos. It conid not be absolutely proved they knew that Clutterbuck's money was wrongly come by or they would have been. Tiie Bishop of Carlisle died very suddenly whi?Pt on a visit to the Archbishop of 'York, at IMsliopsfchorpe. Se was taken ill at dinner on Tuesday evea ivg, rud succumbed on Thursday. Dv. Harvry Goodwin was best known to the feners.1 puidie as a brilliant writer on scientific iseoverits aiid their reconcilement with religion. Whilst accepting the causes assigned by Darwin for the progressive character of nature, the, bishop held there were deeper causes at work, without which natural selec tion and the struggle for existence wouid be found ineffectual. Miss O'Shea flatly denies that her sfcepfaAher ever committed adultery with her mother, but admits that the evidence against them was overwhelming. llr. Paxnell was. indeed, assured so by his lawyers, and, consequently, dissuaded her mother from facing the useless ordeal of the witness-box. She herself would have gladly given evidence if asked to do so in the accused couple's favor. The fact was, both Mr. Paruell and her mother were entirely un conventional and regardless (till too late) of Mre. Grundy. Moreover, Mr. Parnell's per sonal foibles for locking doors at all reasonable and unreasonable times, and. slinking about like a conspirator, were absurdly compromising. His behaviour made even their own servants suspect him. Miss O'Shea blames no one. Mr. Parnell's curious character and circumstances coiled her mother in a network of presumptive, evidence from, which there was no escape. Mr. Parnell's step daughter, Mis3 O'Shea, is a firit-rate amateur photographer. Some tuna before his death the young lady took several capital ?whole plates of the Irish chief in his chemical laboratory. These pictures will be reserved for the ' Life of Paxaell' which Mrs. O'Shea, with her daughters assistance, ha3 already commenced preparing. It should be ready, according to present airange nients, next autumn, and I predict will cauee a terrific sensation, even if iti doesn't, as the widow hopes, blow rtw Healy- Dillon-Davitt party to 'smithereetts.' Mrs. Parneli lives only for vengeance, and as she knows all the inuer history of the Irish party during ite most combustible period, even Mr. Healy admits she can make matters mighty unpleasant if she chooses. The private explanation or suppressed defence which Mr. Parneli gave his party con cerning the divorce, case in Room 15, last November has this week been published by Mr. Donal Sullivan M.P, He states that when, on the motion of Mr. SextCP, at Mr. McCarthy's request, Mr. Par nell was re-elected sessional chairman of the party Mr. Jordan rose for the first tune aciong his followers to question the position of the 'uncrowned king/' Mr. Jordan said, navr that the Irish party had paid Mr. Parneli the honor of re-electing him unanimously to the leadership, and thereby bestowed on him fee greatest compliment in their power, would it not be well for Mr. Parneli, in view of events which recently had become public to consider his positfoji, and now to retire gracefully, and to ease the situation which, it could not be disguised, wte oaae of a grievous character, and one of great p\?ril to the Irish cause? In a moment Mr. Parsfffl rose, and all was suspense and expectation for the announcement of the fateful discussion that was to have such far-reaching effects, aad then a deathlike silence fell on the party. £his stillness was made the more impressive by the gathering darkness and the gloomy aspect) of the room. No word of gratitude to the party or thanks for his re-election fell from him. In icy tones he said — ' When I came into this room it was not my intention to make any reference to certain recent events with which my name was associated, but as allusion has been made to the subject (referring to Mr. Jordan'*? speech) I will now lift aside a corner of the curtain. I can assure you, my friends and colleagues, that in a short period, when I am. free to do so, X will be able to put a complexion on this case very different to that which it now bears, and I will then be able to hold, my head as high, aye, and higher, than ever be fore in the faoe of the world. This is not & place to enter on a vind cation of myself against the vile charges that have been made against me, and I do not intend to do so ; bub I will ask my colleagues to remember that only one side of the story has been given to the public.' Then Mr. Parneli seS himself to answer the charge of breaking-up a happy home by making a counter-allegation, and as to abusing hospitality, he declared that he had never described Mr. O'Shea as his friend since he met him in Ennis in 1S39, and that be had never taken bite or sup at hia expense. Mr. Parneli proceeded to discuss the character of two of the witnesses in the case against him, and concluded as follows : — ? 'Now that I have lifted a corner of the curtain, I will only ask you, gentlemen, to keep your lips sealed, as mine are, on what y?u have heard until the brief period of time wilt have elapsed to which I have referred when I can vindicate myself, and when you w-U find that your trust in me has noS uajsn tnU placed.,' A storm of controversy rage? srarmi the 'littie Georgia Magnet,15 who, despite the i Star's frantic cries of 'fraud F continues to l draw huge crowds nightly to the Albam'oca, and ?well earns the £150 a week the directors pay her. 3. have read all the Star has to say on the subject, and come to the eonelusioa it has discovered not *' the trash about the magnetic lady,' but a mare's aesfc. Mitchell, the' prize fighter, persuaded the Stoueeatter s=treet -was right, forced his way on ro the plat form on Thursday evening, and to the delight of a sceptical gallery, insisted ou being invited to experiment. Mrs. Abbot offered no objec tion, and Mitchell, evidently meaning busi ness, stripped to the buff, so as to give his arms full play. First the magnet said she should allow Mitshell to lift her. and the big man strung ths little woman vre'li nigh through the root When, however, she resisted there was a very dif ferent story to tell. In vain Mitchell tugged and pulled and struggled and swore. The ?magnet stirred not. Again and again did the man of muscle exert his supremest strength. The magnet simply spitted sweetly. At length mad, mazed, and mortified beyond ex pression Mitchell desisted sullenly. It was mo use, he intimated to the audience. He could not move Mrs. Abbott. Then the house at last burst into loud applause. The trick (if trick it be) is exceedingly clever, and as yet at any rate the modus oper&ndi; has not been discovered. In the admirable Christinas iraiab?r of the Etvicw of Kczicics Mr. Stead make 3 his appearance in the new and original cha-ocsr of ' The Real Bogie Man.' Like most of the impersonations this accomplished variety artist has undertaken the nsw oue is so good p.s to seem almost convincing. I incline i-.ideed to think Mr. Stead may be — as his old col leagues on the P. if/'. Gazelle alleged— a regular old -woman for superstition, and that there is Ie33 pretence this time than usual about his acting. The idea of ' Heal Ghost Stories' is excellent. 'Why it never occurred to anyone to make up an annual of tb's sort before is what everyone now \ronders. But truth to tell Mr. Stead's talent for gauging what the public will read amounts almost to genius. Moreover, he knows exactly bow to arouse curiosity. The strictly conscientious 'Caution' on the outside of 'Heal Ghost Stories' was a veritable inspiration, and will sell tens of thou sands. These 'ower true tales' Mr. Stead tells us roust not be read by anyoneof ' morbid excitability' or ' excessively nervous tempera ment.' headers are solemnly warned against experimenting in hypnotism, spiritualism, and the unseen generally save in ' the most careful and reverent spirit.' Persons 'frivolling'' with familiars or giggling with ghosts will expose themselves to (shudder please) 'the horrible consequences of possession.' In the chapter headed 'Myself3 Mr. Stead tries to persuade us he himself has enjoyed some experi ences. He cannot certainly lay claim to a real live ghost, but he has heard voices. ' I have,' be declares, 'had three or four very striking and vivid premonitions in my life ?which have been fulfilled to the letter.' Here, then, is premonition No. 1 : — ' On New Year's Day, 1SS0, it was forcibly im pressed upon my mind that I was to leave Dar lington in the course of that year.^' In Sep tember, 1880, Mr. Stead became Mr. Morley*s assistant at the Pall Mall Gazette, ' and my presentiment was fulfilled.' Premonition No. 2 carried Mr. Stead a stage further. In Oc tober, 18S3, I ' felt distinctly as it were a voice within myself saying, you will have io look sharp and make ready, because by a certain date (which as near as I can recollect was the 16th of March next year) von -will have sole charge of the Pall Mall Gazette.' On the strength of this voice Mr. Stead sadly doomed his chief to die (in presentiment only, of course). But Mrs. Stead, with feminine shrewdness, said — ' Nonsense ; he is not going to die ; he is going to get into Parliament, that is what is going to happen.' And, as everybody knows, it did happen, and thus was the second premonition fulfilled. The third was that his sojourn in certain northern latitudes would be for two months. The actual period of it was two -months and seven days. I agree with the P.M.G., which makes terrible fun of Mr. Stead's premonitions, that this sort of ghostly experience amounts to absolutely nothing. Every man and woman combining vivid im?4dnation with superstition (I use the word in its most inoffensive sense) has constant premonitions. Ninety-nine oat of a hundred are unfulfilled and forgotten. The hundredth comes off and forms the groundwork of a story to be retold and embroidered (ox course unintentionally) all one's life. Premonitions are like bete, we never talk of those which go wrong. With regard to the editor of the Jicvicw's 'strange ease,' the Pall Mall Gazette points out 'that some of Mr. Stead's prophecies as to what would happen were closely associated with what Mr. Stead intended to happen, and not altogether unconnected with -what Mr. Stead was ableto make happen. The same eritie3 will further suggest that Mr. Stead's narrative betrays the usual signs of the unconscious accretion of detail in the presentiment after the event ; a trick of the human mind which often leads perfectly honest persons, starting with a vague bedtime feeling that 'something is going to happen,' to embroider that something in due course with all the minutest attributes of what actually does happen, even to the date acd hour, and allowances for their watci ' being a little slow, you know.' ' Geo. E. Sims says that for nine months of the year he has to write 20,000 words a week, but during the quarter preceding Christmas his average rises to 30,000. Short stories 'for newspaper syndicates are generally fixed at 5,©Wf words, stories for the lighter periodicals at 4,000 words, and for the illustrated maga zines 3,000 words. A three-volume novel for serial publication should run to not less than 60,000 to 80,000 words, and if by 'Dagonet' is wortfi perhaps £1.000. Mr. Sims reckons Miss Braddon makes £5,000 out of a novel before it reaches the 2a. stage. Mr. Sims and Miss Braddon have ever since they scored successes been abnormally paid, but it is not safe to judge by them. I kuonr one popular authoress -who slaves night and day. and gets through a prodigious amount of work in a twelvemonth. Her books, however, are not sensational. For the serial rights of a (presumably) 60,000-word novel this lady the other day accepted as little as £50. I could hardlv believe it when I heard it. On the other'hand Barrie and Kipling can at the pre sent moment command even bigger prices than G. R, Sims. Mr. Barrie's 'Little Minister' scarcely needed fee now seemingly inevitable puff from Mr. Gladstone. A Barne 'boom' is, as the Pall Mall Gazette predicted, well under weieh, though many readers of this (in my humble opinion) somewhat over-praised book frankly confess the story is too Scotch for their taste. Far the best of the shilling annuals is Clark Russell's 'Tragedy of Ida Noble,' though, what induced Messrs. Trisehler to select this powerful but ghastly tale for the Christmas number of a girls' periodical like Atalanta I can't imagine. Mr. Gilbert's traditional damsel of 15 will certainly have a fit when she reads it. Nevertheless ' Ida Noble ' must be pronounced the strongest and most original tale the modern Marryat has written for years. 2Tr jm start to finish the story never flags, a very unusual circumstance with Mr. Clark Russell's books, and the characters are naturally and yet boldly drawn. Of Mr. Henty's sumptuously-botrad and spiritedly- illustrated contributions to this season's gift books 'A Dash for Khartoum' appears the most generally attractive. It Is, as the title indicates, a story of the Nile expedi tion and the melancholy abortive attempt to rescue Gordon. The narrative commences with the deliberate mixing up of a couple of babies by an abandoned wet nurse, who in forms her employer (a certain Captain Clin ton's wife) one evening that she cannot discern which fine chubby boy is her own and which Mrs. Clinton's. The latter, poor mother, becomes equally perplexed, and ultimately per Euades her husband to solve the difficulty by looking upon both lads as their sons. Years afterwards, when Edgar Clinton is a lad of 15, he meets Nurse Humphreys, who from baby mixing the woman has taken to liquor, and in order to get money for drink she pre tends Edgar is her son. At first the boy is sceptical, but by birth-marks of a Box and Cox order she convinces him she speaks truth. Intensely mortified by the revelation, Edgar rune away_ from home and enlists as a trumpeter in the First Hussars. The regiment is one of those ordered to Egypt, and Edgar g-oes with it, playing a gallant parb at Abu Klea, Metemmehj and El Teb, and at Gubat coming across his pseudo-father, Sergeant Humphreys, badly wounded. Later the young trumpeter gets captured by Arabs, escapes dis guised as one, meets his brother Rupert under romantic circumstances, and ends the cam paign by being recommended for a Y.C. Needless to Bay Nurse Humphreys's maternal yearnings for the young hero are.shown to be a fraud, and the secret of which boy is which re mains a secret always. The period of ' Held Fast for England' is about 1779. It relates the adventures of Master Bob Repton, who commences life with some rather unusual school experiences, notably the capture of a gang of- burglars by himself and two chums whilst breaking bounds _ at sight on a surreptitious rabbiting expedition. After leaving school Bob goes on a visit to Gibraltar, and is blockaded on the rock during part of the famous siege. He joins an English privateer, ' Antelope,' and takes a prominent part in the strategem whereby a silver-laden Spanish merchantman falls an easy prey to her. Altogether the tale brims -with incident even for a boy's book. Personally we much prefer Mr. Manville Fenn's style to Mr. Henty's. He strikes us as feeing more natural and less didactic Mr. Henty writes like a schoolmaster endeavoring to unbend, whilst Mr. Fenn is ban camaradc, 'The Crystal Hunters' will certainly be one of the most popular boys' books of the winter. It is intended for rather younger lads than Mr. Henty's stories, and relates what befel Mr. Richard Bale and his pupil, Saxe, during a delightful summer holiday in the higher Alps. Mr. Dale, though a tutor, thoMnaghly e»jc-y8 wholesome adventure, con sequently it scarcely needs the entreaties oF Sase and of their Swiss grade, Melchior Staffeln, to induce him to join the latter in a search for a wondrous cave of rock crystals known to exist in the adjacent mountains. How after much perilous climbing up and glissading down the trio discover the cave, how they load them selves with crystals, bow this treasure is stolen from them at night by a ghostly visitor, how they are overtaken by an avalanche and all but smothered, and how eventually the robbers are discovered and the plunder re covered, Mr. Fenn tells vivaciously, supple menting the narrative with an abundance of detail and local information. The author is well backed up by the artist, whose illustra tions picture exciting incidents eminently calculated to arouse curiosity and convert casual inspection into a desire for permanent possession. 