SPORTING. Bv ' Maslwte.' Tlie gallop par excollenco o£ tho season was clone by Paris at Fleming ton on Tuesday morning. The son of Grandmaster, with Ted Power in tho saddle, ran a mile and a half on tho sand, pulling up, mark you, ill 2min. 45sec. Tlie galloping machine coveted the first half mile in 5-lsec, 0 furlongs in I nun. Msec, u turiongs in 1111111. 21sec, 7 furlongs in lniin. 35sec, and tho mile in limn. 4 Si sec. Then lie flew by the mile and a furlong post in 2min. 3scc, and left behind tho mile and a quarter in 2min. lGJsec, and the mile and three furlongs in 2min. UOJsec. If Paris runs up to that form he will bo ' knockii.g at the door ' in the Caulfield Cup. ' Freelance' writes in the Sports man : — There are certain stables the occupants of which tho public always fasten on to, and the more mysterious the movements of the manipulators thereof, the greater the hunger of the early birds to help themselves to a slice of the good thing while it is fresh. Foulsham's, of course, is one of tho establishments which is always keenly watched by the premature punters, and although Isaac has more than onco whetted their appetites and prescribed a palatable tonic prior to the spring meetings, the proceedings have now and again been followed up by the administration of an aperient, from the effects of which those cursed with too much avidity have been long in recovering. Mr Foulsham this time lias three horses engaged in the Caul field Cup, and there ttre backers about, sufficiently foolish to believe that tho Caulfield trainer can win with any one of them. In the circumstances, then, if tliey hold this belief, and are suffi ciently sanguine to back it, they have only themselves to blame if some of them lose their money. All three horses certainly cannot win, and no one can blame those connected with the stable if tliey make the most of the market. Malolo (7.7), G'Naroo (8.8), and Dundas (7st) make up Foulsham's trio, which at present are perplexing the punters in their search for the proper pea. Two of them have done nothing in public good enough to make a certainty of any big handicap. G'Naroo hits a Caulfield Cup to his credit, but, all the same, backers, for some reasons best known to them selves, prefer the lighter weights, and maybe they are right. Jt is now said that the retaining fee given by Mr Abington for first call on the services of the jockey J. Watts for a term of three years is £9000, and not £20,000 as at first announced. Old Fred Martineer, who has not ridden in a race for 14 years, donned the colors on Dona in the Warwick Farm Pony Handicap on Saturday and rode the mare to victory. By the way in which the old-timer managed his mount he showed plainly that lie has lost little if any of tho brilliancy he wis noted for 20 years back, and the demonstration accorded him1 on re turning to tho scale was, as might be expected, very flattering. The heavily-backed Melbourne Cup candidate Tirailleur is reported to have injured himself a few days ago, and lias done but little exercise since. Rumor also credits his companion, Sternchaser, with having developed slight lameness. \- In the two mile Steeplechase Ked Icap has been awarded by Sir E. T. Barnard the welter weight of 14st 101b to carrv at Caulfield. Caesar's ghost ! Why not attach him to a cart at once. . Meli, one of the V.R.C. Derby can didates, was paraded in the Birdcage at Flemington on Saturday. Prior to the last race starting Gardiner, who steered Yilliers in the Kororoit Handi cap, rode the son of Melody round the enclosure. Not a few misguided in . dividuals, when tliey saw Yilliers' colors on Meli, rushed off to back the former, so well did the latter look. 'Cranbrook' writes: — Old Bunge bah ran five furlongs on Monday morn ing in pretty slick time, considering that Gainsford had a good hold of the ancient one's head This son of Ave line was never in better condition in his life, and that is saying something' when wo remember how well ho was when he ran away with the Newmarket Handicap. He is so thundering well that I expect to see him' win the Caul field Stakes on Saturday. It is thought that the South Austra lian rider Quinn will steer Zalinski in the Melbourne Cup, P. McGowan's ser vices having been retained by Mr A. Taylor, of Ballarat. The Derby colts, Camoola and Autonomy, naturally were the syno sure of all eyes when they were sent . for their first extender after their arrival at Flemington (writes ' Cran brook'). A mile was their portion on Friday morning at a good strong paco, and both colts went nice and freely. On the following morning they were given a strong mile and three furlongs gallop, which they traversed in 2 mill. 32.isec. They both pulled up well. On Monday morning they also ran eleven furlongs in 2min. 321sec. Autonomy (Huxley) having a trifle the better of the gallop. Camoola, who is a bit lazy on the track, however, went in fine style. Trieste is tho fittest mem ber of the toain, and for that reason she may be the elect of Pay ten's lot for tho Cauliield Guineas. Of the three-year-olds Payten has brought over, tho half brother to Epi, Yarran, and Etra-weenie, Currawang by name, undoubtedly takes tho pastry-cook's shop. A beautifully level made colt by Trident ho is, and reminds one very much of the ' little black demon of Terrain.' If I remember aright, .Currawang is a trifle bigger than Navigator was at his age. Depend upon it, in this eolt Payten has the makings of a great horse. Vestatia is by Chester, and, like her dam, Volley, is one of the light wiry sort. She also has her dam's gift of going fast, and is evidently a slippery damn. Honesty earns its reward, and it was for his straightforward conduct that. John Osborne, the veteran English Jockey, was presented with a purse of 3, GOO* sovs. recently by several admirers upon his retirement from the turf. It is whispered in solcct quarters that Chatham, who has been backed for tho Caulfield Cup, is giving his trainer, Mr H. Giltinan, somo trouble with his legs. Acolyte, the winner of the Metro politan Stakes in 1885, is dead. Retort will take his place at the stud. 'Freelance' writes This is tho season of the year for ' fairy tales ' of the turf, and if it were not for tho fact that a number of followers of the Messrs Miller's stable actually believe tho following roport of a trial to bo 'gospel truth,' I would hesitate before giving publicity to a statemont con cerning which ' I hae ma doots,' in company with Baillio Nicol Jarvie. Here's the yarn as confided to a couple of individuals in strict confidence, and, of course, 'twos only in accordance with the eternal fitness of things that the two confidants should immediately let a score of others into tho know. Loyalstone, who for some time past has been the property of Mr S. Miller, has recently been tried very highly for the Caulfiold Cup, and after badly beating licdleap over a mile and a fur long, was picked up by Meg, which filly ho had no difficulty in shaking off over the last three furlongs, llather a tall tale this, although, of course, 'tis just possible that there mr»j lie some thing in it. Thcro ? are very few horses in the country who could ' pick up ' Meg at the tail end of a race and beat the flying filly home ; and if Loyalstone bo one of them, tho Messrs Miller have about as strong a lien on the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups as they had on tho V.R.C. Grand Nationals with Redleap. The St. Albans Btnblo is now aaid; on no leas an authority than the Australasian, to have backed Zilinski for tho Melbourne Cap to win £13,000. A gentleman who saw Znlinski a few days ago flaya : — ' The big eon of Frailty has mtHcled ap over tho back atd quarters since the antumn, and his clean ribs and generally bright muscular appearance allow that through the winter ho has boon kept moving. Ho has not grown up, but Beema to have fined down in front, and altogether looks to'lnve lost that colriab, unfurnished look which charactised him before. The moat striking point about Zilinaki is bia magnifi cent quarters.' D. Oillanan, a eon of the woll known whip of tho Melbourne Hound*, made his firat ap pearance aa a jockey in the Door-Park Handi cap at Flemington on Saturday. He rode Jonathan. Thua tho shearers' official organ:— 'The boys at Pevenaey have boon having a good timo. We hare received a long report of a day's sport held (hero re.'ontly. The following is juat one passage, and will eerva to show how things hummed:— 'Two lads, having a dis pute, decided to Bottle it with tho cloves. J. Dargo kindly acted aa referee ; Wliito and O'Brien wero tho timekeepers, Tho Pevenaey Pet was attended by J. Pikov, of Melbourne boxing famo, the Unknown having theservicos of F. Sulliran. To describe the fight. Bound Brst (and lost) : Directly timo was called the 'Pet' made a vigorous onslaught ; feinting slowly with the loft, he dashed bis right heavily on ' Unknown's' knee. Then, turn ing round to tee if there was any chance of him leaving tho shed, nnd seeing none, made another raid on his opponent, who, timing his man, seized his hair nnd brought him heavily to the ground. Tho 'Pet' got up slowly, leaving a tuft of his hair in ' Unknown's' hand. Tho ' Pet,' after making uso of some very choico language, rofused to continuo the contest, which was thou nwarded to tho ' Unknown' amid vociforous cheering/' The Melbourne) Hnnt Club races on Satur day resulted as follows Hurdlo Race. ? Pat-ena, 1 ; Star of Erin, 2; Cumberoona, 3. Sixteen Btarlod. Won by a heod. Hunt Club Hurdlo .Race. — Rapid Bay, 1 ; Qalway, 1 Marangai, 3. Six started. Won oasily by a length and a half. Deer-Park Handicap, 6 furlongs,— -Cooramin, 1 ; Montrose, 2 ; Rattler II., 3. Twelve started ; won by a hoad. Timo, lmin. Ifijaec. Hunt Club Cup. ? Archie, I; Notivo, 2; Timoni, 3. Seven started. Won easily by four lengths. Stseplechaso. — Rob Roy, 1; Saxon, 2 ; C'ocoanut, 3. Fivo | started. Won by throe lengths. Soiling Stakes — Labour, X ; Per/ectio, 2 ; Tho Lieu tenant, 3. Won oasily, Kororoit Handicap. ; — Bloodshed, 1 ; Spokesman, 2 : Graduate, 3 Fifteen slnrloH Wm. l.v n n nrtlr The Moorefield racea resulted aa follows : ? ?Hurdlo Race — Buckley, 1; Tho Broker, 2; (Cascade, 3. Tramway Handicap— Victor Hugo, 1 ; Tami, 2; Tridentine, 3. ICo:arah ,Stakos — Otheuar, 1 ; Brown and Gold, 2 .Flora, 3. Moorefield Handicap — Dnmb B-jy. '1 ; Tridentine, 2; Blue nnd Gold, 3. Stewards' 'Mile — Flora, 1 ; Lord Lake, 2; Dumb-Boy, '3l 