ZILLAH: A ROMANCE. BI JOSEPH HOCKING, Author of "EIrad the Hie," Easterbrook " &c.; ' Jabez CHAPTER XXIII. IN THE D4.KK. ' Who stall busli the weary spirit's chiding, V\ lio tbe achi g void within shall till i AVho shall wliigper of a peace abiding. And each surging billow ..almly still? lllesbed Healer: all our burdens lighten. Oive ua Thy peace, Thine own sweet peace we pray: ICtep us near Thee till the morn shall brighten, And all the mists and shadows flee away." —From " Lyra Anglicana." Tbe next morning Jack found hie way to Cbfcltta, where Mr. l)enver<?avehim a hearty welcome. They were not to commence work till the following Monday, but they had arraiiged ior him to come early so that necessary preparations might be made. Mr. Denver was very kind to him, and treated him more like a near relation than a teacher, while his wife and daughter mada much of him. _ Tbe latter especially was ex ceedmgly gracious, and seemed to do he Utmost tp make him feel at his ease. As I hinted some time ago, she was a young lady of brilliant attainments, and withal possessed a keen mind. Moreover, she bad been : reared in a healthy English home, and thus the tone of her conversation wa. high and pure. Unwittingly Jack kept comparing her with Zillah, and in spite of himself, he oould not help thinking in what a different way his mother would regard the two girls. Xt was a strange feeling that possessed nim, but he wished he oould love this fair graceful English girl instead of her, the very thought of whom seemed to chill his blood. He ' felt glad that he would be oonstantly thrown In her sooiety; somehow she might wean him ftway from the love that was casting a shadow over his life.' Yet, in spite of all this, an overmastering desire possessed him to go and Bee the dark-skinned maiden that he might know how she fared. Just after 3 o'clock in the afternoon the opportunity came whereby he could pat his desire into practioe. Business called Mr. Denter away, and he expressed the hope to Jack that he would make himself as happy as possible. The first instalment of pupils would tot arrive until the following day, and there "Was really nothing more at present to be done. Evidently in opposition to the desire of the ladies, Jack hurried to Sloane-square Station, where he booked for Westminster Bridge, and coon after found hiB way to the Hospital, where Sennacherib eagerly awaited him. The poor lad had evidently undergone much pain, for his face was pale and wan, while his every movement betokened how keen his sufferings were. "Im jolly glad to see yer, guv'nor," he said, aa Jack came to his side. " I wur beginning to think you worn't a-comin', and I began to feel-dumpy. It's so lonesome 'ere for a cove as 'as had the free run o' the city." "I suppose it is,"said Jack kindly; "bat I came as soon as I could." "Soon as yer could!" said Sennacherib queetioningly. Why, I thought as 'ow you IVere a bloke -with nothin' to do, and could come and go 'ow you liked." "Ko," slid Jack. I have to work to get iny living." m 'Ay," said Sennacherib knowingly, "you \- work a lot, 1 reckon. What you do will be good for sore eyes. You are like the Trafalgarsquare fountains, I 'epect. You plays from ten to fourand he laughed feebly. Jade joined in the laugh, and assured the lad that he would have plenty to do during the coming months. " Well, what might yer be now?" said °the lad, ** an* what's yer father?" " My father is dead," replied Jack. " He was A clergyman." " A pre&chin;' oove you mean." Jack nodded. '* I would like to have a yap wi' oae on 'emr» — " You would; why ?" "Why, they says as 'ow when we die we go . to a better shop nor this, and I'd like to have a bit o' information." "' I daresay I oould get one to come." "here's a difference in 'em, ain't there ? " What do you mean ?" "'-Well, one day, years ago, when I wnr a little ljn, I goes wi' a lot ov other blokes to a .'Sunday-school. I oan't mind now what wur Eaideo mioh, imt I knows as 'ow they wur ringing 'There's a better world,' or some sich •. talk. Besides that, lots ov ooves as I knows -'.learns up Moody's and Sankey's hymns to sing in the streets. They borry a few kids to take ; wi"emt and they picks up % livin', cause the people is ally and %lpa 'em for the sake o' the xida. Well all their singin' is 'bout this other shop, and it must mean aomethin' ?" And you want to know something more about it? "1 ain't a-Gnished yet, guv'nor, and I oan't think right, this yer shin o' mine is a-givin' me auoh pepper. But as I wur asayin', a little while after I goee into a preach in' shop, not a grand un atalL Well, it wer jolly comfortable, and I soon goes to sleep; but I wakes up alter a bit,- and hears a oove tellin' 'bout eumeLudy called Jesus. I oould not make much out on it, but it was jolly in teres tin'." ' " And did you go again?" "Koi I' didn't go there again, 'cause a xeg'lar swell preach in' cove comes to see the old woman at home, and axes her to go to a mission Church belonging to one ctfled the 'Church of St. Gabriel and all the Angels.' I think that's the right name. He said this . ".Ordained," suggested Jaok. " (Ay, ordained, that's the ticket Well, I .didn't know mich 'bout, and £ says to meself, 111 jusl to this 'ere ehop with such a grand name. Well, I goes, but I could make nothin' -on 1 it. They were all bowin' an 1 moanin' aa thootfh they ad' pain somewheres. An' they ad same curl JUS smoky stuff,' and a cross, and lot* o things, but it were all gammon to me, so I- didn't go no more. The swell chap he trit-B togit me, and says if I 'longed to the true Church I wur safe for heaven. But I i*.ult. see no good in it, so I didn'trouble." _ The lad stopped here, for he was evidently in pun ; but after a few seoonds he resumed fain ptoiy. "After a bit," he went on, "I begins to think that I'd go and *av 'a look at a right •well place, where aright boss o' the Bhow 'ud be showin' off. But it wurn't no good. Ko eooner did I put my nose inside than I »-u showed out, an' sinoe then I's heerd nothin' 'oepfc these ohapsin the streets a-howlin\" "And should you like to know more about it?" said Jack. " Ay, I would," replied Sennacherib, 'cause, yer know, X wur thinkip', auppasin' that ere oabby had smashed my yed instead o' my shin, where shonld I ha' been, anywheres ornowheres?" "Andshould you like to go Boniewhere?'' asked Jack. "I*ayther think I would, guv'nor. Why, who wuddn'?" ".But there u a chaplain to the hospital." . "I couldn' talk to the bloke, he wur so stand offish; besides, I oouldn' underetan "im." "How?" "Well, he talked.a lot 'bout blood, and Sacramento, and sich like, an 'twer all moonshine to me. Some'ow there seems to be a difference 'mong 'em. Some say one thing, some another. I didu' bother mich afore, but now I feel as I'd like to know, and your guvjaor bein' one on 'em, I thought you might Boot Jack ! It brought back all his difficulty again. The old harrowing doubts came into Jus mind, and he knew not what to say. "Iam not a minister myself," said Jaok, "and I don't know anything about it, but "when you get better, I would go to the place yon went first; that man might help you." "But t'other chap said as W 'twern't no good goin' to 'im, as he weren't in tbe swim like, an 'twould be a sin to go there. I can't .make it out, nohow, 'cause he were right warm, I thought, and wanted to do tbe thing proper. 'Course it weren't a grand place, but I oan't see as 'ow that matters. Can you, guv'nor t" \- " No, I oan't see that.it matters," said Jack, thoughtfully. "That's where it bothers a cove,*' said Bennabherib, "and it's made me feel afraid as there's nothin' in it. I should like to know, though." " I'll tell you," said J ack. " Can you read, though ?" " Like a lawyer, guv'nor." . " Then 111 let you have a New Testament." "Is that the book the blokes read in Churches?" "Yes: it s a part of the Bible. You've read it, haven't you ?" "The outsiders on 'em. But the blokes gend 'em "broad mostly, don't 'em ?" " Why do you think so ?" " 'Cause I 'members goin' on by Exeter Hal a goodisb bit ago, when I sees a bill 'bout thu proportion of the Bible in furrin' parts, and I sees, too, as 'ow they spent a pile o' money on it. So I thought asj'ow it must be a book mostly for the blacks. But if you'll git one, guv nor, here's the little chap as '11 read it." " Then I'll be going now," said Jack; but ptay ! tuppose jou could tee spirits—that is the spirits of those who J died—would you believe that vou would go somewhere if you ditd ?' Sennacherib looked thoughtful. "I'don't think 1 would, guv'nor. It'ud epile it somehow, wouldn' it 3 I do'n' know, but 'iut>uldVt feel right somewheres. Besides. I should think it were a make up like Samlet's father's ghost." 