TIJE GHOSTS MR. BESANT HLAS u. SEI N. In his weekly lotter, Mr. Walter Beaant has the following:-"- A vry good ghost story- one of i churchyard acd a a phanton funeral - hia been lrinted in the Liverpool 1?st, and copuld ln thi 1,ill .Thl I;N(azeitt, whore I saw it. My perlonal experience of apooks is not much, but it In. iperhapi, more than falls to the lot of niont. The first flguro' I over osw wte about 0 o'clock on nt evening in September. I had been writing op to the last moment of daylight; it becamoe too dark for me to noo any longer, and I knociked off; au I turned from the window I becarno aware that a female figure wasini the room, ; it made no sign, but itmoved about noisleonsly. As I looked it diaplpeared. I was then living an abaclhior in chambors, and 1noy outer door wan e0l'evd, so that nobody ult blio inl thl revoom exca-,pt myself. Anothe:r t:prience, anid a far nmort sin;uldhr one, wan hit. I w-a travellin?t in'Northumbrland. Trhb d.; I . lad out rin dlriving over a wild ,ttd lonely mioor to a villag, situated in the i- lht of it-a vlllnge built round the qnad ranglo of what had bcin a mounast:ry. 'Ilhero wtst the old gate left; part of th lhnillilg ; pL?rt of the wall; the qtuiet villageo rehlocd by the ol walil; the rtinvett clha?,ol, now the irishl church ; there were only two or thllree lihudrcil people living hero : outside ranl and baobbled the trout streamn with its higth blani covered with bushes and brambles and wild lowenr. All round strotched the moor. At the in,. whetre I tool: sonme tea or some thing, they talked to mo about the pnot; the place witO filled with echoea of the pant; wthispeor and voices were heard at nitght; lhiting't had beeIt, on in tho bedrooarn. A wonderful place; nowvhere oels in England is thlor a more wvonderful place. I drove back and tpont the evening alone in my inn, reading certain books of the Queen Anne time, and at I 1 o'clock went oil to bedl. MIy room wan a very old room, and the inn itself was at lenot 30.1 years old. All this is in troduction in order to chow you why the thting that I saw took the nasp that it did. For in the uoiddlo of the tight I woki suddenly undl ca:t up startlld. 1 fouln the iroom perfectly light; thI door, which I had locked, n fluw Olpn, and there walked in throe ladies, dIruacd in the Queen Anne ostumne, with the iretty ohl otitf ,-ardb, ;atr ornament of the head and overrthing. Never bieforo had I underatood hown bhauttful wan the Queen Anneo dre?s. The ltlie scitting dcown oni chalirn round Lho fire (which woas now burning mnrrily) bhran to talk, but I lnllow inot what they naid. Suddenly-it shtamesa to to confet s the thin;ig-- wann oched with a horrid terror. I nleaped from the bead, pulled hack tho curtains, and pulled up the blind. It wa about three in the tnornng, and twilight. 'lThen I turned to my viitors; they siloly faded away. The light slowly went out of theo room ; the tire clonwly burned lo : the figurec slowly becalmo faint ; they slowly vanihlied. Who vero they ? Icll. You se that I haove neon things. Itt I uihavrheard nothing. No com municttiol hals ever been made to 1oo from the other worll at oil, except by the spirit Katie, anlld oo only talked rubbi:ih through a mcdium, and I ha:d to lpey a pound for it." 