Further Details of Williams's Travels. [By Cable Mesbaqe.] London. Maroh 25. Sinco the discovery of the bodies at Denham Villa, Rainhill, tho house has boon guarded by police. Last night, while some porsons wore visiting the site of the villa, mysterious noises wore heard in difl'oront parts of tho house, and the boliof that tho disturbance was caused by the ghosts of tho victims so. alarmed tho visitors that thoy all fled, tho policeman clearing out with them. March 26. Deoming, when ho announced his wed ding with Miss Mathor in the London Standard,1 statod that ho was. the only son of Albert William Williams, of London. After ho had boon roloased from the gaol at Hull, Deeming wont diroct to Chester, and from thence to Liverpool, It has transpired that while at Ilainhill Dooming kept largo fires burning in the villa after tho murdors had been com mitted. Tho ashes found in tho grates of tho kitchen and drawing-room have boen examined, and traces of cloth discovered. Whon in Africa Dooming assumed the degreo of M, A. aftor the namo of Levy, IIU11U 11U WllB UUUULU GUU JJUUKU1U 110 ignored tho ship's inkstand, preferring to uso his own, whioh was made of carved gold. His under-linen was of the very finest quality. Before leaving he presented diamond rings to the first officers of the boat. :.....i ./.,'.? | y.: . Lator.. . A blood-stained neoktle has boon found in tho villa at Ramhill, and is supposed to have boon torn off by Deoming whon ho was heated by digging. Rolio hunters aro plundering tho villa. It has boen shown that Mrs. Deoming bought an oight-guinoa plush , mantle, several leghorn hats, and largo foathera bofove the murder, and theao are all missing, : No Jbinglish detootivo has1 sailed for Mel bourne, and the police hero wholly dis believe Deoming's confoBBion in regard. (9 , tho WbHopUftP-ei murders, Dooming's wifo partod from him at tho Capo in July of 1889. Sho and tho child ron travollod in tho stoamor Moor to London, arriving thoro on tho 11th of Aug ust. Ho travollcd via Algoa Bay by stoamor Druinmond Oaatlo to Durban, thonco to Mozambique, thon by otoamor Dunkeld to Adon, thonco to Bagdad, and thonco by tho stoamor Jumna to London, arriving thoro on tho 28th of Soptombor, whon ho was joinod by hia wifo. Sho and tho family procoodod to Birkonhoad. Ho remained a month in London, whoro ho purchased a lion, and thon wont to Birkon hoad. A Dalssiell'a tologram has beon received stating that Swanston, whilo at Porth, had mado a confoBsion that ho was ' Jaok tho Rippor.' Tho nows oirculatod rapidly through the ovoning journals and produced a tromendoufl sensation. ' March 27. Thoro aro two conflicting opinions about tho oonfession of Swanston that ho is 'Jack the Ripper.' The authorities at Scotland Yard do not boliovo it, although they admit that it is possible owing to the movements of Dooming in 1888, when six of tlio murdors wero committod, b6ing unknown. Thero are othors who rogard tho confession as consistent. Tho theory that Deoming has oonfosaod to tho 'Jack tho Ripper' murders has occasioned great excitement at Rainhill, whoro Dooming frequently discuBaod tho aubjoot. 