GHOSTS. (Irving Montagu.in tiie " Strand Maoa — zine.") Ghosts ! How wide a fiold of speculation does the subject unfold I • Personally, ! enter on'tiptoo on the.theme so fraught witli weird possibilities. "Nobs o unjust to others as' to disbelieve all that I cannot understand,11 am still fiir from accepting the manifestations they professedly realise,' yet cannot explain away by any aSeomijanying motive, good, bad; or iiidiO'erent, ;1 hisyo jbeen present amongst spiritualists at the raising of ghosts, which consisted, irf most eases, of the so called re-appearancO of objectless ne'er-do wells—Hindoos ■ wha hare spoJWn broken English with an Irish accent, and French Marquesses and German BaroilS witii their, dialect of the Seven Dials. Some, again, had | they been in tho flesh,1 would, in their dis- | regard for the period of their costumes, have bddn worthy the mummers of a country fair.. Wiien a niediievai magnate has on ElUcher bdotsj which cbuldn't well have been worn before Waterloo, oiie may be' prepared, without undue surprise; to seS.Htileii of Troy in a poke bonnet or Psyche with a sunshade. Tt seeilis ho rite .ihflt fche.OliJ -World, family ! ghost is a sort of hall- mark of resfjdritability. It's the next best thing to.having come over with the Conqueror. ' There could be no ghosts withfjUt ancestors.'i Bv the way, talk ing of ancestors; whit a thrilling topio tomb stones niiglij; b;e, made ! .Oiie enduing liito last September j wasiwaiidoring al6'rie rbu'nd about the tombs in a country thurbliyard not ten miles from town. The shadowy twiiignt was deepening into night, a funeral yew cast ing its broad, black, outstretched limbs ath wart the flat-topped toinbs, as if to protect thoir mouldering tenants from the chill breeze? .which, now and again ciime sighing rina sdbbihg tiifoiigii its illteHttClng branches. They were a goodly; company artiiind hie judgingfrom these monumental habitations, y.ot how utterly alone I felt—an alien in that sillilit Ualiiiio .9-ml.bi A inom.ent later, how ever; and a change came. , Tiiti; 16'iijfj'fliiifk grass was caught in the eddying; current of that kepn night air, .and tho shadows round .•libplit tiie tbmUs took, shape. ... Out of tho dearth; from mid-air; and' struggljii^ through, the branches of that giant yew; they came to taunt nie )vithmy belief in them.' All serfs ,and don,di^lqns of liibti' and women passed in silent review before ttiy iriliidV fcyp-r^gumr biers ; profligates of o.very type whoso evil passions, never again to be gratified, had assumed symbolic shape, and followed fhcin to the spheres raisers, with empty money bags i women who, having lovud wisely but not too Wftlj; wei'ci flow'.confronted with their shattered idols J while biililluUS spirits raised empty goblets high in tho air to plodgo pGr^ dition .These, and many more besides, mingled with the mists of night, now closing slowly in upon me. , A few. clays later—still goblin-hunting—I ran to earth a veritable demon huntsman, the legend of whose wild guest is said to be' tho basis from which the 'Isle of Dogs' and ' Barking' (two neighboring London suburbs) take their nrirtlea. In old times tho fot;est of iiainaiilt; over-Fuiii'iiJg fchia pal't of Essex, lost itsoif in a ^wamp of TnanieS ihiiil. Tlie story is of a handsome young huntsman and his bride, who elccted to spend their wedding day boar hunting. Foremost in the chase, this Di^ Vernon of the period; forget ful in-her excitement of impending pitfalls, dashed wildly 011 till she found herself beyond reclaim sinking, slowly, but surely, in tho quagmire from which now no escape was possible. Her lover—alas '. too late :to be of .service—plunged gallantly into the slushy expanse, and was also lost in his effort to save his impetuous young bride. On this sad honey moon is based the superstition that a skeleton horseman,'' on - the -boniest of steeds, is to be seen of nights-in this locality.; in fact that— - A hideous huntsman's seen to rise, With a lurid glare in his sunken eyes ; \- Whose bony fingers point; tlie track , ' Of a phantom prey to a skeleton p;lck ; W'h'ose frantic courser's trembling bones Play a .'rattling theme t<? the hunter's , groans ; . • As lie conies and goes ih the fitful light ' Of the clouded moon on. a summer's night. Then a furious blast, from his ghostly liorn Is over the forest-of-Hainuult borne, And the wild, refrain ot the mourner's SOllg Ts heard by tile boatiileii all iiiglit luiigj 'Pli.it uemon plaint on the still night air, With never an answering echo there." Let us now without more ado, hurry off in a flight of fancy to Rosewarne Hall. What? —you'never heard of it—never heard of the Glipsfc of Rosewarne ? Then follow mo olosely remembering at tho same time that it is no business of ours how ESbkiel GrdssB, [.he lawyer, liOiialne possessed of the fine old estate of that name... lie had at least secured it in its entirety, ghost and all, nov was; it long before this family, phaiitpin (a hoary headed and miserly Rosewarne) put in an appearance. It was in the driv.i, the third. night after Ezekiel Grosse had come into possession, that ho was first accosted. ' Follow me,'said'the spectre, as he led the way to a lonely hollow in an adjacent wood. :' Dig anil you' will find,' and he pointed to a huge moss-grnvn stone. , '..There you will see the'accumulated hoard of Rogef Rose warnoi the miser;, l iliii ho. In life I sent the poor and needy penniless from my door, and damned them for their impertinent _sup plications,, for which, I am-doomed to ex perience,the pangs of starvation throughout ondless:eternity,! unless the hidden'treasure :b.e wisely dispensed !'• ! The next 'moment the bowildered lawyer found himself alono. It's needless to say .that, before many d.iys had ^pdss'edj-tlie whole''of that buried wealth had been: trausferrfcd by, him to his (jwil ' pri vate coffers) and \Vas. sdbii 'being expended, regardless 'cif' tho'ghost's ^yarning,' in .tin? ^Wiidcstrpxtraf^Wce^'O^antelmoro famed ' for their, profanity, than their wit, accom panied by powdered and painted beauties, .now held liigh revol in these ancostral halb, moro especially'on one Christmas Eye) wh'eh as the clock struck midniglitJ, tlib lights grow • ditii ftiid" blue, and the miser's ghost, in ,a . phosphovescenco/all its own. sjowiy descending oroatl oaken staircaso, curs -ing,' us it did so, tho founder of tho feast, who, squandering in debauchery his easily, .'acquired gold, condemned, by doing so> tho : perturbed soul of.the Miser of Rosowarlio .to walk the earth to all etol'nity. A certain" til cL-gy rrt'atl, detained I (its onfi night at a friend's housoj accepted) Unhesit atingly; the btfeif of stooping acbonimodation .iia;tlio obly.'disbfagsigpu.; irUtiiQrrthS ilajrintedt 'chamber.'• Now; as the reverend geiitloiiian finade.ifc a practice never:■ to-travel over so short a!' ilisbaiice ! without some abstruse, theological work in. his pocket for perusal-at , odd TlriomeiitBi it iBMVqt"'slirprisiilg that Bu this occisiori ,h'e sat Up till fitter the ,winching hour,; indeed;; it was .neatly,'one o'clock a.mi,: when; in a complete, buti '■threadbare modireval, suit,' .the'I vapory spirit ' of: yet another miser-—a: skinflint ancestor of the. clergyman's host—appeared before him,. whom the' :.ready-witted:;'parson at !once' interviewed 'Bomewliat' as' follows:— '.Pardon me, sir, you are doubtless a resident in this neighborhood V ' lam ! '^replied the Fomewhatflabby phantom in sepulchral tones, i ' Ah.! just so. You live; if'I'may'be allowed the'expression, iti this house ; have done so 'in fact, for somo;time past ?; ' Three hun dred years.'':'r;' Dear mo ! you, don't say so T ' I do.' r/'And have subsoribed,. naturally,.to. /rriariy/'local' charities—eh 1\ Devil-a-bit,' said the.skinflint's, ghostj- clutching tlio bag of sovereigns ho carried more closely to his'* bony sides. 'Devil-a-bit,! sir.' 'Well,, then,'; replied the 'cleric, ' you'll pardon my .saying so, I know, .but don't you think it's about time you did V and with this ho pol itely presontbd a subscription list fur tliu ren ovation of tlw parish cliurch. '1''You will see,!, lie went on, ' rhnyo.hore I lie names of some of the most influential——-' : He could pro-' ceed no further. The- smell of, sulphur was simply'unbearable,.and the misor's ghost was laid for ever. The room has sinco been con verted into a nursery. Result of: Order and Discipline.—Look at a common soldier. Wo know that most frequently the milks are recruited, not from tip sober, industrious, self- respecting mem bers of the community," but from the thrift less and no'er-do- weel, the improvident and idle, the loungers at our street corners, tlio frequenters of our public bonnes. Well, but bring the order and discipline to bear upon these mon ; instil into thorn devotion to duty ; inspire some higher and nobler sonti ment than love of pleasure into their lives, ns, for instance, a pride in their regiment, attached to their flug, a love of their country's honor, and lo ! what a transforma tion-is wrought! what incredible hardships will these men enduro without a murmur; of what deeds of valor are they not capable. ; how fearlessly will they face wounds and deathl—"Mackiy.' 