TH LI RIGHT SORT.' A ROMANCE OF THE SHIRES. UB MaR. EDWARD KENNARID. CHAPTER XVIII.-AT.Mn. PIiriPs's YAnD. On Tuesday afternoon at the appointed hour the two girls, accompanied by Stirrup and pre ceded by Grisette, drove up to Mr. Phipps's door. There, although the church clock was only just chiming three, they found Colonel Clinker awaiting their arrival. ." Well done!" he exclaimed cheerily, "how famously punctual we all are!" "Have we kept you long ?" asked Kate. "Not an instant; I have but this minute arrived. And now we had better adjourn to the yard, where I believe Phipps already is." Upon which he handed them out of the phaeton, and led the way. Mr. Phipps was engaged in a critical and depreciatory examina. tion of Grisette, who, in justice it might be owned, looked uncommonly well. She had re covered from her recent exertions in the hunt ing-fleld, and was fit and fresh, added to which (on a hint from Colonel Clinker of her probable departure) Stirrup had carefully fed her with plentiful bran mashes the last few days. "This, I presume, is the mare you spoke to me about," said Mr. Phipps to Colonel Clinker, revolving the toothpick he invariably carried in his mouth from uone side to the other, and doffing his hat to the ladies. He was a large, square-built man, with sandy hair, fresh complexion, and light brown eyes. He would have passed as good- looking had it not been for his teeth, which were discoloured and straggly, like the broken-down lichen covered stumps of park palings, with consider able intervals between them, which caught the eye and fascinated it, as a serpent fascinates a bird, each time he entered into conversation. His voioe was deep, his delivery slow and momentous, producing an impression of superior knowledge on the unaccustomed listener, while every now and again an odd twinkleappeared in his humorous eyes, which proved catching in the extreme, and formed a curious contrast to the general staid gravity of his demeanour. Mr. Pnipps had begun life as stable.helper, and had risen to the position he now occupied through natural talent. He was not ashamed of his origin, and in fact frequently alluded to it, holding up his career as an on couragement to young men starting in life without morey or friends. "It's the compe. tition as does us now-a-days," he was won't to say, "and the bad.plucked uns give in directly. Success is like a stone wall. You may take a 'ammer and a long nail, and try to drive the nail'ome. Well! most people gets dis'eartened after a very few attempts, but if you go on 'ammer, 'ammer, not all day but every day, you end by making your mark upon that stone wall, and doing pretty well what you please with it. Perseverance and pluck together will always gain the victory in the long run, but bless my 'eart alive, these young sparks is in too much of a 'urry. They don't know 'ow to wait, and wait, and wait, maybe for years, and yet keep up their pecker all the time." From which observations it may be gathered Mr. Phipps was a remarkable man in his way. He now drew in his toothpick with an action of caressing suction, and remarked once more " So thiefs the mare, Colonel, eh?" "Yes, Phipps, this is the animal I told you Miss Brewser wished to part with." "Humph!" and the ejaculation, delivered in Mr. Poipps's peculiar intonation, made Kate who stood by listening, think more meanly of her property than she had ever done before, c such volumes of disparageaient did it seem to imply. '' I'm not surprised at Miss Brewser's wanting to get rid of 'er. An outsider, now, might probably consider 'er a deceant-looking quadruped, but she's terrible light in the barrel, taking into account as how we are only " at the commencement of the season instead of near the end. She don't appear much like 'ard work. Whether they can stand hunting t or not makes but little odds to me, you may say, once the 'osses is sold. Very true, I answer, but then they must 'are the appear ance, even if like ourselves they sometimes turn out deceptions in the end. Now, from the. looks of 'er. I'd. lay a pony to a shilling that mare's abad feeder." ;"Come, come, Phipps. Don't begin by crabbing, or we shall never get to business," interrupted Colonel Clinker, kno*ing well the man with whom he had to deal, and his pre vailing rhetorical weaknesses. "You are just as well aware as I asm that the heavy-caressed beasts are not always those who get along the best, and that a gross feeder is far more liable to come to grief in his wind and a variety of different ways than a moderate one. A big body with inadequate timber is a thing to be carefully avoided. I'd much sooner have the lean frame oil good understandings, and the mare has capital less of her own, as clean as a four-year-old's. The fact of the matter is, however, as I told you on Sunday morning, that she proves a little too much for Miss Brewser, h and pulls rather more than is pleasant for a lady. They are not all Mrs. Forresters, you know, Phipps." " Ah, no ! Wonderful woman, that," stick ing his hands in his pockets. " Knows as 1 much about the ins and outs of a stable as I do myself."t 'Which is saying a good deal. Now this mare of Miss Brewser's would be the very thing for some of your hard riding young customers. She goes a good pace, as I can testify, and does not kno r what it is to turn her head. Both very desirable qualities, not to be fmet with every day." "That's true enough, Colonel," said Mr. Phipps, proceeding to feel Gricette's back sinews with professional severity. "I see she's got a windgall or two." "Mere nothings that will soon pass away. You don't often tno a seasoned hunter with. out them." " ouotlinth, when yon're.selling, something; when you're buying," observed Mr. Phlpps, with the twinkle before alluded to lighting up his piercing brown eyes. "Buyers and sellers are apt to examine objects from a different point of view." "Now, Phipps, you're far too sharp for me to argue with. Before we waste any more time on preliminaries, suppose you show us the brown horse instead-Sir Richard you call him, do you notl" " Yes, Colonel, that's 'is name. A good'name for a good 'oss, save L" "And quite right, too. Well, we'll go and have a look at him, and see if he takes Miss Brewser's fancy or not. She is the person to decide." "By all means," said Mr. Phipps with more alacrity thau he had hitherto displayed, usher. ilg them into a roomy loosebox, piled up high with yellow straw in evident anticipation of intending visitors. "Here, Tom," calling to his priucipal aide-de.camp, "come and take Sir Richard's clothing off." ' The man did as he was told, and in another minute the horse stood whisking his tail, lay ing back his ears, and catchuing at the manger after the manner of thoroughbred animals. Colonel Clinker's praise had not been over. strained. Sir Richard was a beauty to look at, standing close upon sixteen hands, on good short legs, ldark brown in colour, with a lean intelligent head, tapering ears, flexible neck, and a campact well-put.together frame. "Thore !" said Mr. Philp with an air of assumed indifference, though he kept his eye rivetted on Colonel Clinker's countenance, trying to read every passing expression de pictedthereon. "There! You don't oftenseeo a better-looking 'oss than that, though I says it as ehouldn't." "Yes, he's a tidy animal," reolied the other in tones of correoponding ang?iroid. "I should rather think he so's:," responded Mr. Phippe vivaciously. "'There's not much fault to be found, I take it, even by so good a judge of 'osstlesh as Colonel Clinker. A 'ole's not easy to pick in Sir Richard." " Handsome is as handsome does," was the phlegmatic rejoinder. " I'm afraido 'im,. He knows'is business. There's some pleasure in showing a good 'ons to a man like you, Colonel, as can rightly appro ciata 'im. Why, bless you I 'arf the people who come hers know no more about a 'unter," and Mr. Phipps's voice was filled with unutter able contempt, " than they do about the man in the moon. It's like casting your pearls afore swine. Now I'll tell you what 'appened to me theother day. Colonel. Aparty arrived who I had done various business transactions with." "'M5r.'P'hipps,:sez he, ' I want agdod 'oe0.' " "' Very well, sir,' sez I, 'I'll do my best to serve you.'" "He likes a bit of blood, so I showed him a thoroughbred bay mare as stands in the third box from here." "'No. no, Phippe, that won't do,' he eae, afore ever the man could take her clothing off. 'Too underbred altogether, and don't show "hein the stud book,' answers. I, as Squickly as possible, ' and 'as not even a stain on 'er pedigree.' " " Lor. Colonel! you should have seen 'is face ! SI never saw a man look so small'in all my born ''She aint my class, Phippe,' sez he, turnisg as red a.s a turkey-cock, and scuttling out into the yard." " ' Very well, sirt, 'sez I; as cool as a enueumber, 'that's a dlifferent thing altogether.' " " I ask you now, Colonel, what is the good \- P"blisnea by arrangement with Ward, Lock h andCo. of showing a gentleman like 'im a decent 'oes ? He don't know one when he sees it. There's nothing dis'eartens a dealer so much and puts I. 'im so out of conceit with his profession as the ignorance of his customers. It's harder to bear than anything else, and yet he dare not say a word to enlighten 'em for fear of getting into their bad books." "It must be very trying certainly," said the Colonel sympathetically, fully entering into Mr. Phipps's grievances, and the gentleman you refer to, instead of buying hunters, ought °to be relegated to the nursery." He had meanwhile scrutlnised Sir Richard from top to toe, felt his legs, picked up his feet, punched his sides, examined both eyesa, and peered into his open mouth. Then finding Mr. Phipps's assertions wore correct, and that there was indeed little room lest for criticism, he said: "Let's have the horse out, Phipps, and see how he moves." A seddle and bridle were immediately pro. duced, and Sir Richard, when all the prepara tions were complete, was led forth and mounted by the head man, who proceeded to ride him tup and down the yard severel times. "Good action, Colonel, isn't it?" said Mr. Phipps, endeavouring to extract a few words of commendation from so wary a customer. "Moves true rall round, and gets over the ground without any trouble to hteself." "LIe bends his hocks well under him, certainly," admitted the Honble. Jack, not to be ensnared into any active approbation, "but," qualifyidgeven this meed of praise, "he goes very close, much closer than I like to see." "That don't signify so long as they don't brush, and I'll guarantee he never hits those legs of his. But wait till you see 'im jump. A finer fencer never looked through a bridle, nora cleaner, clever one. 'Owsomever, if you don't fancy 'im thoro's plenty as will. e'll not boe on my hands long. A'oss hlko thal won't stand idle for very many days. He'll sell, and what's more, sell well. There's Miss Palliser, for instance, who is on the look-out for an animal good enough to win a steeplechase. She'd buy 'itm liken shot if you don't take 'im. He'd suit Miss Palliser down to the ground, for he's quiet and yet'igh-couraged, just the sort she hkes; and what's more he's a good stout 'oss, and as fast as greased lightning. Put 'in back, I Tom. You can putt him back," waving to the man to atop. " No good knocking 'imr about if I he don't take the Colonel's eye," he added with an air of injured innocence. Now Mr. Phipps knew as woelas possible that Sir Richard did take the Colonel's eye, but he i was a diplomatist, who thoroughly understood I the disadvantage of making his wares appear too cheap. Tom, on his side, intimately 1 acquainted with his master's various tactics, I immediately made a great show of dismotinting, t preparatory to taking the horse back into hia stable again. I "Stop a bit, don't be in such a hurry," inter- 1 posed the Colonel, who was far too old a hand i not'to keep pace with every move of the game. "I'll just throw my leg over him and see what t sort of a teel he gives you." " As you like, Colonel." returned Mr. Phipps with a renewed assumption of indifference, his object being now attained. "It's all one to t me. Take 'im or leave 'ito as you please. A I good 'oss can always fetch his price." t "So 'Miss Palliser's thinking of.buying Sir Richard, is she ?" said Colonel Clinker, while v the stirrups were being lengthened to his satis. a faction. " , ' Most likely. She's notseet 'im yet, though. c I gave you the refusal, Colonel." 'CAh, yea, to be sure! Very good of you, f Phipps." t '" Do you'like the horse?" whispered Kate, a coming up and patting Sir Richard's neuk. a "Very mach indeed. But if we appear too . keen Phipps will open his mouth. -He's a knowing customer, not easily bested." "So i should imagine. I should- have been ii utterly annihilated without your help. Mr. E Phipps would soon have crushed me into 1 silence."" " One must oppose these sort of people with their own weapons : never a very easy task for t a lady, even under the most favourable circum. a stances. But Phipps is not half a bad fellowin his way, once you get over his little pecilarities c of mannuter. He's shrewd, thought at the same q tipse wonderfully kindhearted, and I feel quite t save he would not sell you a bad horse. He I always prides himself on his customers coming a back again, and what's more they gesnerilly do. a A clever dealer's chief talent consists in know- a ing exactly how and where to place his goods, to which end it is necessary 'he should possess I a keen insight into human nature, and an 'a intimate acquaintance with its foibles. Phipps standsl preeminent in these respects, and there. t fore seldom makes aifaux pate."'' "I shall get quite learned before long. Able to set up an establishment of my own," said s Kate playfully. " Will you come and be my head mate?" "Head man, rough-rider, stable-boy, any- t thing you please," he answered: then as he rode away lhe said carelessly to Mr. Phipps, f "As Miss Palliser never. gives much for. her. horses, I presume you're not asking a long price, I Pnipps." "Two hundred, Colonel." replied Mr. f Phipps, feeling at last the negotiations were in fair way of being entered upon. "He's worth that any day." c "H'm, two hundred is a goodish sum for a e thirteen-stone hunter." "Do you think so. Colonel? Why look at that there 'oes The Swell, as fetched four fifty 1 at Tattersall's hlut week. He uint half so good I an animal as Sir Richard, and eight year old into the bargain. 'Osses is terrible dear just I now." "I've never seen them otherwise when one t was on the buy." " Now, Colonel, I appeal to you," said "Mr. Phipps, roused to a sudden display of virtulous I indignation assumed for the occasion.. " Can you expect to find perfect manners, good looks, gih courage, and sweet temper all combined, without having to pay aummat for them ?" "Let us go into the .field," said Colonel Clinker. " Biss Brdwser will probably like to see Sir Richard jump one or two at those break neck fences of yours." "Yes, indeed, I should very much," said Kate. Whereupon Mr. Phipps threw open a gateat the back of the yard, which led into a fair sized paddock, where a flight of bushed-up hurdles, a low rail, and a couple of small arti ficial fences were supposed to test the powers of the animals about to be purchased. "I see you've not made them any bigger since last winter," said Colonel Clinker with a smile. "'You don't want your customers to come to grief'?" "iThey're big enough Colonel as it is-too big for some of 'em. Neow just you take Sir Richard, andpop him overoneafter the other." Thus adjured Colonel Clinker did as he was told. Sir Richard was evidently no novice, and knew quite well what was expected of him; estil in his case familarity did tiot breed con tempt. He loved jumping clearly for his own sake, apd cocked his small ears and went reso lutelyat each obstacle in succession, springing over therm like a stag. Then when brought to a standstill, he stood arching his neck with gleeful impatience, while the crimson linings of his diatended nostrils stood out in striking con trust to the rich tan muzzle, and the swelling veinis seemed sudden!y to havf leapt into lifo. "Lor bless you, Mliss 1" exclaimed oldStirrup, who had been edging nesrer and nearer to Kate, "he can jump, and no mistake. Beaut tiful." "-Jump!" repeated Mr. Phipps in his most superior manner, and with an elevation of the eyebrow which seemed to express surprise at the tardiness of the other's discovery. "did I not tell you he could jump from the first, only none of you believed what I said ' Jump, in deed! Why, that there 'ose wivoild carry your oming lady thles a bird. Nobody wouldtouch "Ee's a nice 'oss," said the unsophisticated Stirrup In reply. Meantime the He.aonble. Jack was putting Sir Richard through all his paces, amn the horse seemed to take a pleasure in yielding to the delicate touch that directed him as with a silken thread, strongly yet lightly. Mr. Phipps stood by, chewing his toothpick in silent admiration. He was a devoted follower of the Colonel, whose good horseman* ship had many times gained him various sums on the turf. : You don't often come across such a rider,' heremarked in confideice to Kate, who also was watching the Hontble. Jack's niovembnts. " Have you ever secti 'im ride a race?" " No," as she shook her head ill dissent. "~ Vell, I toll you it's the prettiest sight in the world. He never takes a yard more out of his S'ass than is necessary, but just comes in the last few strides, and wins on the post as cool as a cucumber. For my part. I'd rather see 'inc uip than two third, o1 the perfeasional jockeys. r He's got a style about his riding, and a fiuith, not one man m tonll thousand ever attains to." h She smiled at IMr. Phipps in such a n friendly way that that gentleman, who was by no'means insensible to fominine fascinatious, grew stillmore discursive. She allowed him to Srambleon at his will. lie had apparently hit upon a congenial topic of cotversation. She liked to hear Colonel Clinker's praises smng, :o andeven a long recital of some famous exploit he had performed months ago at Kempton r, Park failed to weary her or prove too great a tax on her attention. Mr. Phipps, on his side, d discovered that those big grey eyes had a k chanrming way of looking at him, and the' ex presrve face ot smiling pleasantly. He even ? went so far as to- contemplate wfietherr nnder a pFeaeure, he mighbe not be induced to, nock a tive pounds off the handsomerproftt'he contem e plated making. His-meditations onr this point o reached no very definite codclusioce being r disturbed by the return of Colonel (;linker, o who, throwing the reinc'on"Sir Richard's neck, and lightly vaulting to the ground, wbhepered Sin Kate's ear: " He'ldlo. He's areal nice horses with easy 1 paces and good mouth, and he gives you' a t wonderful feel over his fenoes. I really think he's worth the money Phippsis asking. But, I of course, you are the person to decide. Now supposing Phippe could be induced to springa hundred for Grisette, the question is would' you let her go at that price ?" He did not wish to influence her actions in Sany way, feeling a certain delicacy in doing so. Nevertheless it was a relief to him when she answered without hesitation. "Yes, I would. She cost two hundred and thirty, but I don't expect to get anything like what I gave; besides," looking up at him with a frank smile, " I have such perfect confidence in your knowledge of horseflesh that I should feel quite satisfied at any arrangement you choose to make." He would not have been man, with man's store of vanity and human weakness, had he not felt flattered by the naive defference con tainedl in this speech, had not the womanly trast it displayed appealed to his self-esteem. " You are very kind," he said, " but you ought to ride the horse yourself before coming to any final decision." " I'm afraid I can't in my present crippled condition," she replied. " Ah ! how stupid of me'; I was quite for getting. " Not at all. Since you have ridden Sir Richard, and pronounce a favourable verdict, I am content to accept it without reserve. What would my humble opinion be compared to yours ?'' And as the liquid eyes looked up at him they sent a thrill of pleasure to his heart. " You may be quite certain that in making any bargain, Miss Brewser, I shall do my utmost to promote your interest in every way." " Ifeel sure of it. I can't think why you should be so good to a helpless young woman like myself." She hated the words when she had spoken them, for they recalled that possible object which she strove so hard to keep in the back ground, and which his presence dissipated like smoke in the air. But he, not knowing all her thoughts, allowed the gratification he ex perienced to appear in his face. The cool wintry sun cast a last flickering ray on the honest features, the fair hair, and drooping moustache as he stood close to her side while they held this short and whispered colloquy, " Then you commission me to make the best bargain I can, subject to a trial with hounds ?" he said, in the tone of a 'man asking for final instrulctions. I I commission you to do whatever you think best. There ! I can't say more, can I ? E So now to business." ,.. " Mr. Phipps," said Colonel Clinker, ad- I dressing that gentleman, who had stood aloof, though a keen obeerverof what passed, " Miss Brewser wishes to see if we can do a deal together." ' Certainly," said he. Whereupon the whole party promptly retired into an inner sanctum, where all transactions were defi. nitely concluded, and within whose four walls masy a sale had been effected, many a horse changed hands. Mr. Phipps, detaching a key from among a bunch he produced from his trousers pocket, now unlocked the door of a cupboard, and as a preliminary brought forth a couple of black bottles, a decanter of sherry, andt half a dozen wine glasses. "Now," said the Colonel straightforwardly, " there's no use taking up your time, Phippe, in beating about the bush. Miss Brewser likes c Sir tiehard. The question is, what would you t be prepared to allow in exchange for the 'grey ?" Mr. Phipps stretched his legs out under the table, subsided in his chair, andit appeared ab sorbed in the most abstruse calculations. " Well, really Colonel," he replied after a r considerable pause " that's a. most difficult question to answer, and one requiring a deal of thought. Would it not-be better for Miss c Brewser to.tell we what. price she'puts upon the mare? It would clear the 'way, so to speak, 5 and make it easier for both parties to come to r an agreement.'" I " She cost.two hundred and thirty," said c Kate, giving no direct reply in answer to his 'appeal. . p Ah! that may oe easy enough. But 'the i thing to consider is not what she coao, but what she's wortl ?" t "Well, well. Phipps, it's for you to make e somesort of preposition," interrupted Colonel I Clinker. "The mare's rising seven, sound, and alikely nag, as you have had the upper. tuntty of aw:ertnaintg." " Would not do more than carry a boy of fourteen," abjected he musingly. r "Noisanse, Phipps. She'll carry the larger half of ynur custuomers. I'll be bound." " What, combined, Colonel. She would be a 5 good 'mn to do that." "No, separately of course. Come, now, Phipps, we're wasting time, and since you don t seem disposed to make any offer on your side, I must do it on mine. If you like to allow Miss Browser a hundred for the grey mare, she'll send you a cheque for the remaining. hundred to-morrow morning. What say you to the bargain ?" Once more Mr. Phipps allowed the gravity of his decisions to be felt by a prolonged silence. Then he shrugged hise shoulders, shook his head, and said deliberatel- "1 could not do it, Colonel, could not do it anyhow. My expenses would not even be paid, let alone any profit. " Come, comre, Phipps !' Old friends like you and I don't wtot to make a bik profit out of each other. We've done one another too many good turns for that." The stern expression of Mr. Phipps's face softened. "Ah, Colonel !" he said relenting, " you're a terrible hand at getting round a fellow's weak side. "And a very good thing too. If we didn't occasionally find our tender spots and keep them fresh and green, why, Phipps, most of us would be as hard as brickbats. There's nothing like doing a kindly action now and then for softening human nature; so, Phipps, you .let Miss Browser have Sir Richard ?" He got up and held out his hand, which the, other wrung in cordial appreciation. ' Very well, Colonel,' he said, " I'd do any thing to oblige you, though this is not bustl ness. "WVe'Ill call it friendship then, instead," said the Honble. Jack with a pleasant srnile as they left the room. Good-bye, Phipps." "Good-bse, Mr. Phipes," said Kate, putting her little palm in his. "Thank you very much, and 'll.try mnd do your horse credit." And thei they went out into the street, and Mr; Phippe stood watching their retreating forms. "Phipps, my boy," said he to himself, "this won't doa; the perfesion will suffer if yeou allow your feelings to get the better.of you in this sort of way. Yos ought to have stuck out for another pony at least. Blut lor! that thiere Colonel is such a pleasant*spoken chap, he twists one round his little fluger. That's a nice girl, too, that Miss Brewaser, and it strikes me the Colonel is deuced sweet upbo her. Well, he might do worse, he might do worse:" with which rfeetlenio Mr. Phipps went oft to take tea with his better half iu the back-parlour. CHAPTER XIX.-3JEArOUS Rcro. In ten eays from the time of her visit to .Mr. Phipps's establlohment Kate was sufficiently recovered from the effects of Oriseltte' mis demeanonrs to be in a saddle again. She started modestly, merely intending to ride about quietly. anti keen to the roads qur the gates, while Mr. M'Gr~itht, ever ready for an excuse which banished jumping from the programme. willingly offered his services as esqeort, and besides proving himself a most cheerful and entertaining companion, displayed the greatest oonsidsration towaria the young lady thus placed under his protecting wilg. He aimused Kate vastly by pointing out it his ccm uical way various mrembers of the Hunt, on whomhelkept up a regular fire of runninig commoeutary, des cribiug with much humour and acumnc the us dividual pes.uliarities of each one in turn. " Do you see that man standing close to you on a handsome bay horse '" he askeld, indi cating the persouage in cuestiou with an ai'ry wave of his aria. "He's the Honourable Alfred Charrington, thohead of the lardy, dardy no- man-like.aself divisiol. Well. for three whole years did the Houble. Alfredl and I meet I continually in the hunting field, while for three whole years did he honour me with a super ciltoune stare. Now there are few things more irritatisg to a fellow's vanity than to be calmly ignored. Argumenst, disagreement, even inso lence, are each in their way easier to bear than rthat species of lofty indifference intended to convoy a sensation of interiority, and of be Slonlgieg to a lower class of being-s altogether. It Sgivui the feeooling of there beiug something sct-,'? aboutyou, withoutyouroxactly knowing w-hal. Such were the terms on which we Sstood, when hedad, one fine day, greatly to my astonishment, as you may imaginue, what does' a my gentleman do, after looking over his left Sshoulder and slanintig at me out of his little a cock eye, but favoulr me to a nod, whose mix. ture of patronage and condescensionl was truly a beautiful to behold, and say,' 'How do, Ir'J 'Gras?' lie had apparently become con. k scious ?o' may presence at last, etnd took this -early opDortunity of recognising the fact. Faith, Mie' Brewser i it made the very blocd' g boil in my veins. You see I had got used to' being a nobody in the Holourable Alfred's. estimation, aid any change came too much as Ia surprise to' be appreciated.. Shall I tell you what I did? I was dotermineil on having my r revenge. Every dog has his day, and mine had come at last. r looked him up and down with a stony gaze whiJh took in every detail from the crown of his. shining chimney-pot to the soles of his faulttlhs- boots-dash him, he has the best varnish, in the country--and I said with theutmost severity at my command, ' Sir, it has taken you three years to makeup your mind whether you would deign to know me or not; it will not take orw three iSmute.s to decline the honour of your acquaintoaceship; whereupon I stared him straight in the face i and then rode away. Gad, Miss Browser!"' andiTer-y laughed heartily at the remembrance of his' adversary's discomfiture, " you never saw awman look so dumnfoundered in all your I born days. He' was that astonished he could I not find a single word in reply." "I+ don't wonder," said Kate. "Such an c answer was enough to take. any one's breath I away. But what an idiot the man must be!" "He only possesses the besetting sin of a c good many of our neighbours about here." 1 "And'what might that be" c" "Thinks too much of himself and too little 1 of others. A very common failing, especially t among people of narrow intellect and large va og h "e ought to be a warning to us all, then, not to be over self- satisfied. Don't you think some folks are put into the world solely to d fill a role of determent? There are moral e scavengers just as there are ornithological ones. The vulture is a bird of bad repute, but never- it theless he fills his place in the economy of I nature, and perhaps Mr. Charrington was P born as an example, which most of us should a' avoid rather than imitate. I don't express my- n self clearly, though I know quite well what I I mean." n " You expreess ayourself quite well enough h for me tounderstand. It never struck me in ct thatlight before, and'pon my. soul I'm not si sure but what you are right. If I accept the Honble. Alfred-as a warning, I canlook at him it with far more-charitable feelingsthan I do at P present. Poor fellow ! after all, according to bi you, he is but a social scarecrow, fitted to di frighten all the human crows away. Ha! t ha ! That's- a capital idea, and tickles me jt immensely."' Surely it was lncky for the Honble. Alfred hi Charrington that he did not catch the con- re versation, or it is possible that even .his P equanimity might have been disturbed, and the "calm waters of'self-satisfaction in which his cc soul lay teeped'be stirred from their tranquil fr depths by the keen blast of ridicule. sweeping w over them. Would it have been anact of kind. ness to'have torn down' the delusions so long m entertained, to have laid base and exposed the re shallowness of the crumbling soilton -which they were raised and carefully nurtured by tu petty egotism ? Who can say ? Even the yc pruning. knife is apt to cut too deeply, and gr kill the old tree with its good and its bad to- wi gether. instead of promoting a new growth and fresh flourishing blossomes. The old tree may an be gnarled andtwisted, decayed, covered with parasite ; it may shut out the light of the sun, th hide the blue sktee, and cumber theeorth; but ve when removed altogether is it not apt to make th its absence felt, ant: the very object we haveso long grumbled at to leave a blank on disap- he pearing ? it Some such thoughts flitted 'through Kate's seo mind as she looked at the gentl'man on the us handsome hay: but her speculations were en quickly ended by Mr. McGrath exclaiming "But here comes another of our local pe celebrities," as a big, burly, broad.shouldered ml tman of about five-and-forty, square featured, nc clean shavens, and keen-eyed, mounted on a huge weight-carrying hunter, rode by. "I lu wantyou to take special notice of hint because p1 he is said to be the fluest welter-weight in Great Britain. If you are suite sure you are th net bored, Miss Browser, gad ! but I can tell th you a goodstory about hism too." w Whereupon Mr. McGrath commenced 'Cl anothsr piquant anecdote, well- flavoured with er Hibernian wit. WhVen it came to an eud Kate w' said, " Ah, Mr. McGrath. Mrs. Forrester was he rightiwhen she told me what an agreeable com- he panios you were, and Ihave enjoyed both your conversation and your society immensely." tr She felt no' difficulty in prnising Mr. M'tirath I to his face. He only inspired her with friendly as interest; therefore the words came readily no enough. There was no cause to consider them, to weigh their probable effect, or to fear on one side giving otffence, or on the other of apoeariug too forward and anxious- to please. She ex perienced no constraint in his presence.- He had no neower to make her blush, or to send her heart beating like a sledge.hammer, and the first words that rose to her lips were tr merrily uttered, in pure ease and good'fellow- tu Tsh ere re some men who raise such friendly T sentiments at first eight, yet it' is a question of whether they ever succeed in establishing-any da loftier feeling or. warmer relationship.. It-is i their fate to go through life as the contident, at but never as the loved. Kate felt herself in finitely brighter and more amusing.in Mr. O M'Gratlh's company than in Colonel Clinker's a yet the briefest sentence from the latter, his di slightest exprestiosrof approval or disapproval th carried more weight than the whole torrent of Mr. MI'Grath's conversation put together.. i Nevertheless the facetious little Irishman con. to trived to keep her in a state of such perpetual is merriment, that at last' she asserted her sides di ached so-unmercifully that the effects- were m intinitely worsethan a hundred falls, and-she at really could endure them no longer. As' the al day wore on, her .spirits rose. In spite of' in Stirrup's protestations she insisted in getting th off her hack apd .having the side-saddle sa put on to Sir ''Richard,-- who had comes out for the first time einec he had been in hi the hiand of his new proprietor. She' declared I herself no longer an invalid, and fully equal to ao encountering the fatigues of a run. Stirrup, who ere now had discovered the'i futility of argument, especially when opposed to D the fair sex. cas forced to withdraw his objec- hi tions and yield, though somewhat reluctantle. to his mistress's wishes. And as if to reward Kate for her sudden decison, she had hardly begun to miake friends with her new horse before a joyous chorus of sound broke out fromu the midst of a small gorseo- patch the hounds. were drawing, and in another. minute the Whole-pack. 'stresmed away close at the heels of a fnlue, white.tagged old fox, whereupon Kate, throw ing prdence to the winds, could not refrain from joining in the chase. A mile's gallop full tilt down a road renninsg parailel .with the hounds served still' further to heighten her enthusiasm,so that when, at the tfirst opportu: 'nity, some of the foremost riders branched off. into the open fields, where a vista of tolerably practicablle fences held out a pleasisg prospect, she followed suit. When she came to the firsot obstacle her caution had vassshed, and Sir 'Ilichard swept over it so essily and so freely thiat indeed none appeared necessary. The 'ice once broken, she took everythinrg. that came in her way, until she began to fits' herself occipyieg quite a distiiguished posi- tion in, the hunt, antd the Ifrown had fairly established his reputatiou as a good fenoer., Poor ltrisePjaliser; whoae lucky star had, not 'been in the asendant lately, anid whose fate appeared invariably that of c~hewiug the bitter cud of modrtitlaetion, frorn seeing a rival habit fluttering in advance, lost considerable ground at starting by the unfortunaete baiging-to of a sate, but now she was galloping like-the wind in order to lessen the already diminishing dis-. tanuce betweeu herself and that offending skirt, which constituted a regular e estore in the green orbs of jealousy. She determineed once for all on beating this oblnoaxious adveceary, and showing her; conclusively the absurdity and crass stupidity of attempting to compete with one s' ferilep'isNct..s as herself.. " Did ou see how beautifully my horme jumped that last fence?" she remarked to Colonel Clitnker, who happened to. be within hail. ,Pe also bad been delayed by the refusal of a youeng animil he wasntquialifying for a steeple chase certiicatet, ansd like Miss Pslllaer was intent on getting closer to hounds. "I'ne sorry to say I did not," he returned satirically. " By some extraordinary and greatly-to-bhe-deplored accident, for one instant "my eye was withdrawn from you-a circum. stance that causes me much regret." "IIndeed l" said she, not altogether easy as to 'the intention of this observatiot. "Really, Colonel Clinker;.nn nneser knows whether you are isi earnest os not." ery much eearnea est, Miss Palliser." " Th en," said elsae, with a emsile of reasurance., "I feel etrelmSely flattered by your good ouision. Itnis pleasant to fiud friends think well of one." Would you like to heighten it still further ?" said he qutetly. SCertetily," she replied, a little surprised at the resjueat,'and wondering what was coming next . ' . - She felt he could like Colonel Clinker very much indeed:'if only he were always in thes Ipreeeut antiable and complaisnat-mood. There had even existed mosmenta in bygone yars whten. shb had contemplated, the possibility of changing her maiden name for that atf Cliker, but queh dreiams hbd gradually faded awvy, owing to the taciturnr mnsuerc in which the ,.,ntirmn, was weut5 to re. iv55'i... i'le...·n., Nevartthless, a compliment ,from him, however . tardily uttered and laboriously extracted, camawith doable power to please, like long souglt-fer honey rewardir? the exertions of an j iudus?rious bee. ", " Ce.- tinly," she repeated'.with a feelingoe ., Ipleasing expectation stirrmg the aluggises Sdepths of her he?grt. " What ceanIdo ?!' I" Why," said he ruthlessly,°" yotrcan give that younglady in front of your e little moerm I momrr at lier fences, and not ride. quite so, horribly jealous." Soor thing Theoreaction waeterriblyeevere=" anJ m the first shock of it she felt toa surptrised eviee for indignation. She drew in her breathse with a gasp that resembled the gurgld of a drowning man, and' emitted the single mono syllable, "Oh " S"Yes," continued Colonel Clinker pointedly,. for somehow or other he never otald bring: himself to regard Misse Palliser as a woman, and therefore felt little compunction in tramp ling on her feelings. "Yes, and what's more,. I saw. you just now, simply because Mils Brewser happened to be leading, ride on to her horse's very tail. If he had made the leaest pock or the ghost of a mistake at the fence you would have boesen on the top of him to a. certainty. it's deuced unfair; and if gore callt' that riding I don't." During this speech the lady had partly re-' covered from the first stunning. effects of the blow delivered, and both pride and temper now came to her assistance. But the last straw broke the camel's back. When it became a' question of riding, her riding, anger assumed the erpper hand, and crushed all-incapient senti ment at its very birth. "Colonel Clinker," she said', or rather screamed, while her sallow complexion snd denjy flamal into scarlet, and 'her small grey eyes gleamed with a vicious expression; "I beg leave to state I have not hunted all these years in Huntingshire for' nothing. I flatter myself' I know how to ride at a fence as well : as most people, at least, such is the general opinion; and I don't require you or anyone else to give me lessons how to behave in the hunting-field. I consider you are nostl-mos'--osT imnerti noet." She had begun bravely, but her voice here died away in hysterical sobs. Hermortifl cation wascomplete. Colonel Clinker bowed. silently, and galloped on. "Well, that was sharp and decisive enough in all conscience," he said to himself.. "La Palliser and I have fought our first pitched battle, though many's the skirmish we have in dulged in. I'm afraid I was a little rude, but' the rebuke will do no harm; and the way she jumpeon people is really quite abominable.". "Wiat a fool Colonel Clinker is making of himnself about that Miss Brewser," Miss Phillier remarked later on to her' dear friend Mrs. Paget. She had sense enough to keep their little en counterto herself, but she could not refrain. from launching a few venom-laden arrows by way of taking some revenge. '"A foolt" said Mrs. Pdget. "In what imanner ? I have seen nothing. to justify such a. remark on your part." "You're as blind as a bat, my dear," re-. turned Hisa Palliser contemptuously. "I tell' you the man's quite gone otf'his head. Toea great an extent, indeed, that he can't speak:r with decent civility to anybody else." " I had a chat with him some little time ago,. and he appeared much as usual;" "You're a goose, and never could see a' thing, even when it was going on under your" very nose. .My eyes are considerably sharper; they caun't hoodwink me in a hurry." " But; my dear Miss Palliser, who rtnest to hoodwink you ? After all there would be noth ing so erer, wonderful ev',n if Colonel Clinker' wsre to fall in love with Miss Breweer. Rank: united to wealth is riot an uncommon occurr ence. One sees it every day of one's life." " There I ngree; but don't talk of love, it's a. perfect profanation to call sech calculating,. mercenary tranenotions lre. COlonel Clinker's. no more in fove with Miss Breower than I am." "Then his sentiments roust bn extremely lukewarm," said Mrs. ,Pa. *. who took a mild' pleasure in naggin eather friend.' "Not at all: mine are very much heated though, by dislike rather then affection. I think Miss Brewser'an odious, stuck-up, for. ward, fastyoung woman: and'as for Colonel Clinker. any respect or regard T may once have' entertained for him he has entirely forfeited,"' with which concluding observation she went home, galloping past Kate. end lespattering her with mud without awoard of apology. "Phewr !" said Mrs. Paget. eyeing her re treativo friend dubiously. "Sbhe'-very crusty! I wonder what'sup now? . It's a pity she got' such an ungovernable temper,.hut one real] never feelseure what she may say and do next. (To ME coaNTINUaen.) 