ZILLAH: A ROMANCE. By Joseph Hockinu, Author of " Elrad the Hie," Easterbrook," &c.; ' Jabez CHAPTER V.-(Concluded.) " First," replied Jack, " I should ask how it came to be. I should say is there not some clever trickery around here±hen, if 1 were convinced of the possibility of spirits, I should ask the meaning of it. 1 should want to know the use of the hand clasping and the tapping and the whispering, and if I were no wiser at the close than at the beginning I should give up the matter as so much foolishness. I should say that if there are spirits this meaningless jugglery is not enough to convince me of the tact. 1 should want something that would appeal to my reason, and at the same time I should want something beyond what couid be explained by kuown laws of what are called occult forces." "And if that co;:ld be done, John—if a new world could be opened to you, if doubts long haunting you could be dispelled, if hope was lost in knowledge—what then''." Jack's mirth had gone, for as he spolce, and as Uncle William spoke, the old question came back to him. Where was his father V Was he, at all, and did lie wish to tell him something before he diedWould spiritualism answer these thingsIf it would ho would embrace it as the joy of life, as the Balm of Gilead, and ho would be a faithful apostle. "John," went on the little man, "John, Bill told me last night that you had doubts about the fact that your father lives—ay, about the fact of anything like life after so called death. He hinted, moreover, that you longed to know something, but did not know how the longing could be satisfied, for the secret was locked up with the dead. Oh, John, I have been disappointed at times ! Last night I grieved • , ,. because the full orb - of - spiritual day -„ did — . not shine acroes my path, but, John, I can Eatisfy you. You may hear your father speak, you may see his handwriting. The veil may" be lifted, and you may gaze. Gaze, John, gaze!" He was evidently in earnest. His little watery eyes sparkled, his hands trembled. He, at all events, was a believer. But Jack felt that he was easily to be deceived. Evidently he had a great love for the wonderful, and his natuie drank in the wonderful as true. " Come with us to-morrow night," said Bill. " The intermediate intelligence that we hoped for last night is not lost. We were faithfully promised that we Bhall not be disappointed when we meet next. Come with us!" Jack was a young men, and although poseesing strong common-sense, was still curious, and in spite of the fact that he shuddered at mentioning his father's name before a lot of strangers whom he might despise, his craze or fancy told him to accept the invitation. "I will go with you to- morrowni^ht,'' be said. "As a believer, John, as a believer?"said Uncle William; "so much more will bo revealed if you do!" 'I'm afraid not," Jack answered. "Ishould not go at all but for that about which you have hinted. To know something about that I would do a great deal that I don't like; but I can't believe easily. I shall be always on the lookout for trickery. I shall watch all your movements." "You will have a difficulty," said Clara; "the room will be darkened." 1 1 "Why?" " Spirits will not appear in the light, neither will they do anything." Jack's seriousness flitted again, and he laughed. "Yes," he said, "the ghosts always did appear in the dark at home when I was a boy. It's the same old game." ' Did you see them?"asked Uncle William eagerly." " No, oh no, but some old women said they did. It's all the same I daresav. Auybow IH go." But, John, get rid of the idea that you will be imposed upon. Mr. Daniel Home has been teen to float out of a room into the street, and then come into the same room by another ' window. He appeared privately before Napo- | leon, who, when asked if he fcielieved in the spiritual, said he was sure that the things Mr. Home spoke of existed." j " Yes, and Cagliostro did many things in hi, day, and made lxiuis XV. and Louis XVI., besides Marie Antoinette and scores of others, believe in his miracles, each more wonderful than thote of Mr. Home of America. And yet Cagliostio was a fraud. His immortality got played out when ho was a little over fifty, and his fluid for the renewing of youth, and his elixir of life never stood against sick- , ness and old age." "But you shall be convinced, John, you ' shall. I look for great things to-morrow j night." ' " And it's time for you to gj ro business," said Aunt Mary, who "had been listening impatiently ; " the spirits never adl to our 1 income somehow." Both Uncle William and Bill looked iadig- , nant. "As though they cared about money," they : said. "But the mediums do,"retorted she, "and about good food, too. I am sure that American one, Abner Briddanium, ate enough for three. But there, never mind me; get off, you are late as it is." Jack finished "Jane Eyre" that morning, and after lunchc-on made up his mind to go and see Maskelyne and Cooke. "Come with me, Aunt Mary, will you?" said Jack ; " I see they have some spiritualism on the tapis there, a kind which they explain/' "I would rather the girls would go," said Aunt Mary, and Jack looked downcast. The whole three of them looked at the young man as though they longed to fall in with the idea, for certainly, as they had said to each other, he was wonderfully captivating, although he didn't believe easily, and if he wasn't exat-ily handsome he had a way of making people afraid of trifling with him. Still they didn't accept. Perhaps they saw Jack's look of dismay at the suggestion, or perhaps it was because they were afraid. Indeed, I think we had better say it was the latter, for Clara repeatedly said during the afternoon that she was sure the spirits would be angry if they went to see men w"ho professed to deride spiritualism. Anyhow, Jack - took Aunt Mary, and enjoyed . himself wonderfully. He was delighted at the clever sleight of hand tricks; he marvelled at the jugglery, and when ho saw that Cagliostro's spiiit did things apparently supernatural, and 1 lot to make - him \- - believe - in spiritualism, "And yet," said Jack to himself as they rode home, "I wish I could believe in it. I wish wisnitwere it were true; xwisnau I wish all tnat that Uncle uncie Wil- wn- i l iam talked about was fact,. Still, 1 am glad ! I've seen these men—it will keep tne from being easily gulled," and a look cams into his eyes which certainly would not encourage a swindler to try and cheat him. Arriving home he went straight to his room. On going up'the stairs which led to it, however, he met the bright-faced servant who had spoken to him on the previous evening. " I've just taken up a letter for you, sir," said. "I didn't let the young ladies see ; they don't know one has come for you." lie thanked the girl, at the same time catching her meaning. Evidently if he had a secret bis cousins would try and find it out. When he entered the room and saw the letter lying he thought it must be from his 11 other or sisterE, or. perc-hance, it might be from Mr. Denver. He was surprised therefore, to see a lady's handwriting on the envelope, certainly not that of any oue he knew. "Who can my correspondent beV' : he thought, as he examined the envelope. It was peculiar writing—sharp, pointed, and yet remarkably clear and firm. An adept who professed to read character from writing would have moet likely said that somt of the flourishes at the close of the words indicated a passionate, daring nature. But Jack thought not of that. He broke the seal, and read the following words :— " Last night. Heart's thanks. Guardian angel led me safely home.—Ziixaii." That was all. There was no address, no date. Still it was sufficient to assure him that the girl he had tern the previous night was safe. "I wonder who ehe is?" he thought. "'I should like to know. I wonder now if Uncle William's spirits could tell me. Surely the )wor girl must be a little mad, or she would not talk about guardian angels in such a way. And vet—and yet " The young man looked around the room with a puzzled sort of air. " I seem ti be furrounded with mystery," he said, "I have only been here a couple of days, and yet I am puzzled on every hand. Still I think I understand that table-rapping of the first night. They evidently wish to make a spiritualist of me; but Who can this mysterious Zillah be? What an idea for a girl to go skating on the Serpentine at midn'ght. And what a strangely beautiful being she appeared. I j-Iiall never forget those great wild eyes, or the- mad way in which she scampered on that ice. Sometimes she seemed like a demon sporting there. Yet bow quiet she wns afterwards, and how gentle her voice was. Who and what is she?"' A determined look sv.ltled on his face, and his eyes fiaelu'd curiously. j "I'll fimi out somehow,'" .,„ ^ be ^ said . . i he clenchcd his hands. 111 get at the battom | of that writing on the slate. I'll get to know something shunt this strange creature calling herself Ziilah." Then he whistled quietly to himself as ho began to drceg for dinner. 1 