The Story of a Portrait. It was the portrait of a lovely girlish face, blooming as a fresh Juno rose just opening to the sunlight and the brleze; a happy face, whose red lips, curled and dimpled in a winning smile, and whose brown eyes held the cveritable sunshine of the heart imprisoned in their softly-laugh ing depths. It was well painted too-cx ccedingly well painted. A feeling of sur prise stole over ime. I-low came this un framed gem-a thing of evident merit and value-upon this poor and humble cottage wall I "Admiring Nellie's picture, ain't you, mna'am 7" said a gentle voice bgside Inme. "Most folks do that. My daughter's por trait, ma'amn, taken at seventeen." Tihe speaker was my landlady, a gentle, kindly woman, ignorant-so far as books and schools were concerned-but wiso by the experiences of a pure though suffering life, anil fullofgood Christian thoughtland kindly feeling. She stood looking at the portrait with a loving smile. "The only child God ever gave me, ma'am, and my heart was set on Iher'. All tie more so that t lost her father whileshe was still a babe. Of course, I spoIiled her. t was but a silly woman, ,not hlalf so rich in com mon sense as I was in love. She was all I had in the worldl wlhen my lhuslband died, and 1 spoileld her. "I'll tell you her story, if you like, the story of that lportrait. It was painted by a young lover of heirs. She had two of thler, 'Paul Willis aul Dick Lisle. T'wo of thet,, did I say Shte had dozenis. There wasni't a youngi fellow betwueen, ouri fare aial the nearest town that wasn't in love with mily girl. She might lhavre ihadl her pick and choice of the iboys tlhroughl the countrysidle. But although one or two oftlhem were well-to-do and hanldsome, she turned her pretty nose up aLt tlhemiii all. Ald that suited n1e right well. I wasn't iii any hurry to part with my beautiful childl. lisilten, when the timc siouldl mone for her to marry, I knew who I vwantedl for her hluslinil-liick Lisle, the orphan child of any old bosoim friend and schoolfellow. Ilia father andl iiy hiusband had lbeen trn, frieUnds, too, and when,, at lifteen, lie was left a orphanu. who lshould take chalrge of hlin but ion I Nell was tlhei twrelve years oldl, and 1 sient hIer to lboarding school. It was hiard to part, cod knows, but I liore it, as I would have blorne anytlhing, for lier good. It dlidn't seeln to i,,e that our village school was good einough fir Ity hliandsome girl, who was to bie an heiress sole day in a Imode ate vway, besides lbeilng a beauty. "1 grew very fond of Dick. He was companylly for ine iii the list cruel loeeli. miess of partilng fromii my girl, aind cheeredi me upl, and seCIued almosnt like ait son to Inc. Theni it was tlhat I began to plan tlheir iuarriage-a mlarlriage that, insteadl of taking imy darling clhildl arway froui rie would keeip lie' for over at lhorne. 'Th'le lad had a inice little portion, too, atlI was steady, and goodl, and hlandsiie. It seemed to mle that he rmust fiind favour it her eyes. Thle miore I thought of it the more my heart got set oil it, till it grew to be the favorite ildea and object of mily life. Andi every siuniier when Nell caie iiiihome she seemedi to grow more sweet and beau tifiul. I was so blilclnded biy iy love andil plride that I lever noticedl, ineverL thought of, olne natural result of ile-r gr.iun train ing. She was getting to ie siiethling of a lino auly inow, andl lookeld down a little on liher old life and coiipanions. "lut whenii she calle home for good at last I dlid olbserve a certain cihange iin her. She hadl lost lherc oldl gay spirits, I thought, and seemied ililiet, and evenCI saild. Dick thoeught his love-smiaking ainioycl liher. ' She only thinks of mile as a birotlher or a friend,' he saidl to mite, sorrowfully, andl he began to grow very dlespondenit, for Ile loved lhoe, with his whole heart. But I wouldn't hear of that. 1 hadl imade up my mind,-in these five years, that he and no other should marry iny child. 'She's shy,' said I; 'that's just all. Leave menc to reason with her.' And I said to myself, the child doesn't know. her own heart; Of course she loves him. When she kniows .hovw: her ibiother's heart is set on it she'll 'inarry Dick,`and bless me tor it afterwaoi.s. ' SolI talkedto her.. I ought to have, told you that Paul Willi had i arrived some thlree weeks before this, anld wasn boarded with us. lIe had just finished herportrait there and given it to me, and I was greatly taken with him. iHe was a handsome fellow, with a graceful boyish way about him that was sure to will a womanl's liking. Nellie had introduced hil, to us ass friend whom she had known at school. She grew very pale while I talkedl, and ibegan to tremble quite piti fully. ' 1 can't, mother,' she said. ' I can't llnlmarry Dick. 1-I love another.' And as the words left her lips, Paul Willis walkedl into the roonm. " understoodl it all before another word was said. There wasln't any need for lier to go to hint, as she did instantly, andi cling to his armi. I ulnderstoodl it all without that. I was tun easy- going womla, enough, not at all given to lits of telnlpe' ; but I tlow into a violent passion tihen, for the first aitl, I think, tlhe last tilne iill my life. 'So.' saidl I, 'this is your fancy, is it 1 Ile shall nlever have you, then, never ! Leave hiil, this instant, and tiake the 1mai I've chosen for you, or take iiy curse !' Deai' Hearven ! What wild and wicked things we say in fits of rage ! As if I could ever put a curse ulpon iiy own dear child ! I tlhik she believedl me tlhough, for she turnied whlite to lher lips. "' 1 can't leave him,' she said. 'It's too late for that. Mother, lie is my husband!' I can't tell lwhat followed. I must have gone clean crazy, I thlink, for awhile. I remeibcer ordering them out of the house, and tearing the picture down from the wall, and flingig it after thiei; and then I lost all kiiowlleilge of everything, And wvleii I began to awake, as it were, and unlerstaumd again, I founid I hadi beei ill fo ldays and days. And Nellic inid hler huebandl ivere gonle. Sho hlad taken only such of lier personal clibuts as were indis plutably her owv,, niid lhad colie into iy roons while I wvan aslesp, they tol me, and kiielt iiind wvelt beside ,ile. Oh I if they nidy hail not told ine that. It had the efljbt of mnaking me sule hoin would i-elit,',, uid I wnsv hlarule,' in iiiy iliigel' uid m' pride eve,, while iiy hlciart iwuas aching fo,' . ui' t 1 h3 did nlot ii ctuir,, anid, after awhile, 1 begaiin to realise that she woill linot. Oh, how I lonigcil for lier I Iut I kepit a steni face still, iiltlhougli I grew suddenly old, amd my black hair tuirieil grey. " At last oiie day, a whlole year aftci her flight, there camei to the far,,, a letter' It was adrliesselt to Dick Lisle, not to ime, anId ii NuOll's hainedwriting. Poor thing! I iuiderstooil well enough that she was ifralid to write to ie ; and yet, wheii the first delight of hearing fromli her wav ovei, iy jealous, longing love made ime grow siigry. The mnore so eecmiuse Dick was away. It was hard to wait for iiewu' of hler till his returni. I might IaIve opclied the Ilett,. Dick would hare becei williug, I wll knew, but I was still too iroilud. 'Since she womild not write to lier mothb,'' I thought, 'hut chose Dick isteaud, Icau do withoutihtr al s sh witheuit mue' Aln She: h-yow tall you are, George i" tin: " Yes, you see l'in ani only child." It is only a ,hishoneist tar who would take a mnesiumate's wateh. I waited for his return. A whole week I God forgive rue for it ! Death would have Ibeen far easier than Ily remorse when I learnedl at last what ry pride had dono. For the letter was a wild appeal for help, for mercy, for forgiveness. iHer husband was ill, she was the mnother of a little babe, and they were destitute and starving. 'Though ily Inother's curse is heavy upon me,' she wrote, 'show mercy to my inno cent child, for Clhrist'd ldear sake I' Oh, the agony of ny remorse ! My child was starving, dying, and I, out of stubborn pride, lead held liher letter witlhout answer, perlhapls until too late. " Dick and I started for Londoln that very night, and sought out the address lhe' letter gave. Alas ! we were too late indeedl. They had gonle, leaving no clue behind tlhem. 'I kept thcwi as long s 1I could,' the landlady said. 'Mur. Willis was rawful ill arnd awful pJor, but he tried hard to hmake a living aind I pitied hinm. So talented, too! If hle'dl only hard a little money or frieinds to help im l on he'll hIa' been somiebody. I it rpoverty crushed hint. They ihad relatives that they wrote to, and I kept tihemr till they lost all hope ofa reply. Int, after all-well, I uin poor miyself, and so they had to go.' Every word was ii stab to my heart, a jutdgmcntt on my sinful soul. I hail lived in rilliser able comfort it lhurire while iiy' only chlildl was starrving. ' ILrd they any imoney at all lwhen they left? I askedl ill agony. lThe womani shook her head. 'L think not. Thero was i ferw poor clothes andtl an old picture, the portrait of ai very pretty girl. That's all.' Andtl then our search began long, wearying, fruitless, lhopeless, heart sickeninig. If it lhadrln't bcen for Dick I muiistIRhave lied. A wihole week wenUt by. No clue, no sign. Liloon was ii big place, and we were boundl to flul et'. I rsuppose we nighit have guloe in searching to this day, or died, if it hadn'lt been for Nellie's picture. " We were passing it paw:iibrokeris shop one dayr, run I was well-nigh hie rtbrokei, wheni, risinig toy eyes to tihe windowr I mect those sunny, mIerry onUes of the por trait smiling on tire like a happy ghost. 1 lshricked aIlouI wiith joy. Dint for Dick I lshould have fallei IIrupon mty knees therer ill thIe street, andr l thanked 17r1.I alui.l thliat I lihad flind her. Iint we lrnl't really founil her' yet; it was ibut her picturre, andu the clue as sorur as firirul seermed to fail. ' Hc had hiuight it of i wornl , hIagg gardillooking rwourali, the ian told its. Being asked if it crldul not have beii her portrait, be laurglred anl answisrreii, ' Oh, dear, in! She wn a woman rir ll'ifty, with grey hair. I kinow wherl e sire lives, and can show your.' i did sou. Ort' clt" slipped LifRrthieri Ia Ifurther awaiy. lThe woman tits a stranger. "' I ldidn't sell it for iyseli;' she said, sullenly. I I've ni sick lodger upstairs sick and starving. I sold it for his wsife. le's vsery low,' shre said. ' I woU hin't startle him. I'll blring his wife.' And sihe did. A pale, iema ciatedi, trembling womani crine timiily creepinig dol thie stairs. I didn't know her at firat, didn't recognise tihe faieS Ispale, r wornrr; bit I iIknew tihe voice that tilrled iy heart with its cry of Mother !' and caught her as she would have fallen it rIry feet. ' I have been sore chastised;' she grosnied. ' I sinned, but I have been irtterly chastisei.' lioi, so had I ! But worrow wass rrended ii i'. I elaspel her to ny lbreastI. 'Tlhank 1, !' I cried. ' It is not yet toi lrtr ft r ihappinelss :' Ail we have elljoecd a blrurIrterIIis .irni1 of it. I took them hIoe, aind yrou iay Ire sire the precious port ait Iweit along with Its. And Paul rcoreovrd, tlhough rie iwas never strong. hire s'eres of crrsrmlrptior were int his blood. Auii hle died when ir y pretty "irdlchild was' four yeares old. T1Irit sturldy little lad of tell, I tiair, wIho lst night, helped to iariy your trunk for you. "And Nell! Ay to lie sure, Volt want the end of the story. Nell married again four years ago. YAu'Il see her. She doesn t live far I run here, upon the farmu I gave themu; for the second time, the tuisbaind she chose was tury choice too Dick Lisle hris his life'long love for it wife at last, and I have-her portrait.i 