FICTION. ¡from EnftUnb« America», und Ofbcr Periodical!. ETHELWYK CHAPTER XV. A SETTLEMENT THAT AROUSED GUISBPPe'S SUSPICIONS. The young duke went away from his promenade ?under Mariamne's window, bitterly disappointed. In the first flush of his joy at hearing that Lady Ethel wyn was actually warned, he thought he had nothing to do but hasten to Mariamne with the news, and she would put her hands in his and . repeat those words which before she had so unexpectedly spoken in answer to his remark, " I think you would have married me if it had not been for Ethel wyn." " I think I would" she had said. But as he walked out there, looking longingly at the lighted windows of the drawing- room, and above them at the window, which he knew by this tims was Mariamne's bedroom window, the sober reality came back to him, and he saw, with a return of the old pain, how difficult it would be to obtain the small boon of three words with MariHoine without exposing her anew to the fierce displeasure of lier father and Azor Matthan, his xival. Sis rival / Otten as he repeated this phrase to himself, somehow it carried no particular pang with it, for deep in his heart he had a conviction that his Mariamne would find it impossible to give herself to any man but himself. For once this apparently self-complacent idea was not prompted by self- complacence, but from that assurance which True Love usually has when it is returned. He believed his Mariamne incapable of wrong; to marry another would be wrong therefore, it would never happen. Well, then having had his walk for nothing, he went back to Mrs. Crosby's according to promise and in the middle of laboriously explaining matters in snch a manner as to allay her terror at the amazing turn which fortune's wheel had taken a chance allusion of hers to Tom's blameless previous history, disclosed to the delighted Chandos that the said Thomas George Crosby was a fellow that he once knew and loved well away down South, years ago, in the course of his wanderings. " Why," cried he, his eyes fairly sparkling, " I never cared quite so much for a fellow in my life ! So gallant, so free-hearted ! 'Pon my soul, I con- gratulate you, Mrs. Crosby ! You've got the finest son in the Union. Have you never heard him speak of George Chandos who camped out with aim in the Adirondacks ; also on the lakes, and on the banks of the Mississippi ?" Heard of him ? You should have seeu the widow's eyes glisten ! You should have heard the children's shout of joyous welcome ! Yes, indeed. George Chandos, who had saved the life of George Crosby years ago, was gratefully remembered, and dearly, dearly loved in that pleas- ant home. After this, affairs took an entirely different aspect. Chandos cast all his fears and anxieties to the wind, for he had every faitlj in young Crosby's character, believing exactly what Ethelwyn's telegram hod said-that it was by no fault of his own that he had been planed in such a false position. He decided now that it was best to let the matter reBt where it was for the present until Ethelwyn's promised letter should arrive, prevail- ing upon Mrs. Crosby to restrain her maternal anxiety on her son's account. At the end of a very animated interview he bade adieu to his pew friends, and returned to his boarding-house about twelve o'clock at night, and was met by Guiseppe in a most exalted state of ex- citement. Lady Ethelwyn's miniature, surrounded with gems, which had been stolen from the young duke's person the night when Eliakim tried to mnrder him, along with every shred which had been robbed from him on that occasion, had been returned by a mysterious messenger while master and man were out that day. The young duke laughed loud and long. It was clear as daylight that Mr. Blnraenthal was mixed pp in the affair; that immediately upon learning that the young duke had escaped his myrmidon's attempt on his life, he had caused his property to be restored to him, fearful of the con- sequences of its being inquired for. Guiseppe, too, had his proof to bring forward. "I saw, wid my own blessed eyes, the owld haytbin myself folly yees ont of the garden last night, and watch you across here-that's how he know'd where to send the plunder after yees." It was with great difficulty that the much diverted duke could prevail upon his worthy servitor not to rusb off for the constables then and there, and arrest old Blumenthal without more ado ; and it was only when he faithfully promised the fuming Guiseppe that he would serve the old rascal out in a way that would annoy him more than a dozen arrests, that he could prevail upon him to moderate his strong feeling of justice and go quietly to bed. Now the young duke was quite easy upon his own personal affairs. He had no cause to consider himself bound in honour to marry any woman but the woman of his ohoioe, for Lady Ethelwyn had chosen to marry Thomas Crosby, a circumstance which there was no getting" over. Thus he had only to telegraph home to his relatives that he was well and ready to reBume his rank and state, and he would be received without cavil. Well, then, that piece of business could be performed »ny 4 time, and he resolved to put it off now until another piece of business-which lay far nearer his heart-had been successfully achieved. For the youth who had laughed and jeered at the simple Jewess for dreaming that he could love her with a wish to marry her. was now ready to go through fire and flood for the chance of eloping with her, feeling that the blessing would be only too far beyond his deserts, could he prevail upon her to be his duchess. Such a revulsion had the love of a true woman wrought ! Yet, as he knew well how imposssible it would be to gain Blumenthal's consent, and how unreason- able it would be to expect yonng Matthan's, he felt that it behoved him to go very warily to work. If he and Mariamne could only come to an understanding ! He fell asleep dreaming of this, and had the felicity of seeing his Mariamne in a bridal veil and bridal satin ; an ecstatic trance from -which he awoke fired with the resolution to made it true or die in the attempt. Next morning he and Guiseppe started forth on the laudable mission of raising some money for pre- sent emergencies upon the precious miniature Of the Countess Ethelwyn. Guiseppe, having a natnral taste for such quarters (probably inherited from his revered papa, who flourished even now in the ancient town of Athlone, County Connaught, as an old clothes man, of the name Phelim Foy, senior), at once conveyed his master into the heart of the pawnbrokers' dens, and showed himself extremely at home in dealing with the habitants thereof. But inasmuch as the price of the precious stones which incrustad my lady's miniature would have bought several of the pawnbrokers out of house and hall, it proved to be extremely difficult to strike a bargain, as nobody was wil'ing to loan such a large sum of money as the article to be pawned ought to bring ; but at length they entered a more respectable looking establishment, and here were evidences that fortune meant ta favor them, for articles of considerable value were displayed around the walls of the dingy place, gold and silver plate, jewels of undoubted costliness, and ladies' adorn- ments that one would scarcely expect to find in such a place. Although rather respectable-looking on the out. side, the interior was dark and dusty ; cobwebs curtained the windows, and heaps of disreputable old furniture and tern down garments lay in every direction, with here and there a candlestick of solid silver gleaming out like a stray sunbeam, or the hilt of some jeweled Indian dagger, fit for a lady's drawing-room table, sparkling like the great eye of some crouching beast. Ab the two men entered, an old man, bent over his staff, approached from the back part of the shop. His face was thin, and coffee-coloured as a Kaffir's, and his long, dusty beard flowed over his breast. On his head ho wore a ragged îez cap, pulled far down ovgr his forehead, and his iron grey hair fell in loose rings about his shoulders. His dress wai coarse and shabby, and indicated either meanness or indigence. Ab he came toward the two strangers-whose faces he could not distinguish, as they stood with their baoks to what little light there was-he kept up an abject and servilaöorfc of introduction of himself, assuring them of his poverty and mis- fortunes, and hoping they were going to transact some business which would at least bring him in one shilling-the first he had seen that day. When he was almost close up to them, the young duke strode forward, aud grasping him by the collar, swung him round so that both faced the light, thundering out : " Yon old villain, Eliakim ! Now what do you de- serve for the trick you played me-eh, Iscariot ?" The pawnbroker looked as if he would drop to the floor. His very teeth chattered together. " Oh, have mercy ! have mercy, I beg of you !" he whined, most piteously. " It was not my fault -indeed it was not. I was but the hind ; one whom I dared not disobey was the bead." "Ah ! I know ! The scoundrel, Blumenthal !" cried Chandos. " No, no, no !" interruped Eliakim, vehemently. "Letnot the innocent suffer for the guilty. He knew naught of it. I am ready to swear it, young master, and to prove, it, too, if only you will pro. mise not to harm me." Now as he was speaking the yonng man was re- garding him most narrowly, an expression of aston- ishment settling upon his face as he did so. The old man's speech being ended, he finished his microscopic surrey by pushing his captive from him, and saying, with a low bow of mock defer- ence : " Mr. Blumenthal, I congtatulate you on the per- fection of your disguise. Now, indeed, I am ready to absolve Eliakim from all blame." In a moment the old pawnbroker's bowed shoulders straightened themselves. He dropped his staff, and stepping back, while his eyes flashed fire, and the blood shone through his tawny cheek, he said, between his teeth : " Sir, you whispered in a father's ear your hopes of a daughter's destruction. WaB it guilt in the father to cru«h you like any other serpent ?" The young duke crimsoned at the deserved rebuke, and completely cowed by the memory of his own sacrilegious intentions toward the woman whom he now so loftily loved, after a few moments' hesitation, he answered, with less heat: " Very true, old man ; I deserved death, though it only ended in a ducking. I beg your pardon, Mr. Blumenthal. I should have wanted to do the same, though perhaps in a different way, had I been in your place." Blumenthal's reckless air vanished at these words. He regarded the duke with great earnest ness, and at length, drawing closer, he said, in a cautious voice : " Sir, you are magnanimous to make any apology for me. If you can overlook my offence, I shall be I happy, very happy, to be of use to you in any pecuniary way as long as you remain on this side, for, between ourselves, I am a man of great wealth, though you would not suppose it, seeing the way I daily toil to increase my little store ¡ but we men of thrift are obliged to gather what others de- spise," and he showed his white teeth in a little bitter smile. " On the honour of a Blumenthal, I shall be proud to serve you to any extent whioh your present necessities may demand." It was Ellesmere's turn to be astonished, for, indeed, he scarcely knew how to reply to such a sudden change of tune, until the shrewd Irishman, who had stood all this time a mute, but keen, ob- server of the scene, put in his oar by whispering in his master's ear : " Begorra, if the ould fellow hasn't guessed who you are, and wants to put you under obligations, do you see ?" «How could he?" muttered Chandos, ratherdk comflted, but incredulous. . "Sure, an' isn't your crest inside your gold watch, an'on the corner of your handkerchief, an' on the back of the very studs he robbed you of and only sent back yesterday ?" replied Guiseppe, with a sniff of disdain. Tne young man cast up rapidly in his mind his I chances for winning Mariamne, should this really be the case, but he knew too much of the usages of the Israelites-such as were like this man-living after the old traditions-to be able to flatter himself that he would give his daughter to a Gentile to wife; even though he were a duke and could make her a duchess. The most he could hope for by accepting the proffered loan of Abner Blumen- thal was an occasional opportunity to see Mariamne ; but this he considered well worth the risk of put- ting himself in Blumenthal's power, and accord- ingly he answered frankly : " Thanks for your well-timed offer, Mr. Blumen- thal ; I shall be glad to avail myself of it, if you'll accept my note of hand. "Step into my office," said Mr. Blumenthal beaming with satisfaction. ?Which Chandos immediately did, closely followed by the stern and disapproving Irishman, who only saw in this hollow reconciliation a trap to inveigle his young master into the hands of the money lender-a trap which meant to him the speedy bankrnpt:y, if not murder, of the deluded young man. What passed in Mr. Blumenthal's office did not entirely relate to money affairs. When Mr. Blumenthal had arranged the loan to his entire satisfaction, and to the duke's secret amusement (for it was at a most exorbitant rate of interest), Chandos said, seriously : " Now, Mr. Blumenthal, if you will give me per- mission, I will speak upon a subject which is far nearer my heart. I wish to marry your daughter." A gleam lighted the eyes of the old man, but he kept his gaze warily fixed upon the floor as if he would fain conceal all the expression from his visitor. " You know too well what my first intentions were," continued Chandos ; " but upon my honor I am as heartily ashamed of them as even you could desire. If it is a wealthy match you desire for your daughter I can promise her wealth, but I believe you know that, too." % Still the old man kept his eyes lo.vered to the floor, listening intently. " The lady to whom I was engaged to be married," continued Chandos, " has herself broken the engagement and married another, so that there .remains but one obstacle, and that is your opposition." For a few moments Mr. Blumenthal continned his reverie, while the young duke- who had only asked his consent as a mere formality, as he meant to do without it if he could not gain it-waited impatiently for his answer. " Duke of Ellesmere," said the old man, looking up, " I do know who you are, and while I humbly beg your pardon for the violence with which I treated you before I knew-" " I deserved it all," murmured the duke ; " no apology is necessary." " I thank you," continued the old man, " for the great honor you would wish to put upon the house of Abner Blumenthal, who is not worthy to brush the dust from your grace's feet ; but perhaps you do not understand what a great thing it is you ask of me; when you ask my daughter to marry a Gentile, be he prince or peasant. You ask me to forget the traditions of my people-to break the laws of our fathers, to earn the curse of Jehovah for marrying and giving in marriage to a strange people. Should I say yes, henceforth all my brethren would shun me, my father's sons would scorn and scoff at me, I should be a derision in the mouths of my people, my brethren would trade no more with me, my bread would fail, my wealth would fly away, I should die ere long with none to care for my gray hairs, while the lady duchess, my daughter, lived afar off, in forgetfulnesB and splendour." All this the old man said with a solemnity and dignity which was extremely impressive, notwith- standing the wretched disguise under which he was pleased to hide his identity; and although the young man had little cause to believe either in his faith or sincerity, the harangue touohed a chord in hiB generous heart which the old man had meant should be touched. .e It would, indeed, grieve me if anything of the kind should happen," said Chandos, frankly, " but I give you my word that the day Miss Blumenthal becomes my wife I'll settle upon you an annuity that will render euch a miserable state of things impossible, and will make you quite independent of your brethren. Well, are you satisfied ?" Mr. Blumenthal bowed low, saying softly : " Your grace is munificent. But one thing more. Life is uncertain ; you may leave my daughter at any moment a widow, when a host of your English brethren will rise up to dispute with her the widow's portion. What will you settle upon her that she may marry you and have no fear of the future ?" " Oh, that shall also be satisfactorily arranged," said the young duke, quiokly. " My wife, I trust, shall never come to sorrow through me. Name any notary you please, and we will have all those matters arranged. And now, may I see Mariamne ? The old man hardened his face. "There is one obstacle in the way which we have not mentioned," said he, " but which you know as well as I- Azor Matthan, her betrothed, to whom I pledged her years ago. Who is to buy him off ?" "Will he be bought off?" queried the young duke in astonishment. "It is the only way, the only way," said Blumenthal, hastily. "Restitution must be made him for the Iobs of his property." "Whew!" whistled the young duke. "You certainly look at things from a business point of view. You really suppose the young fellow would be willing to take a sum of money in lien of his bride ? The rascal !" " No, willing ?,' said Blumenthal, in some con- fusion, "but it might present disagreeable con- sequences.'" " Oh, I see," cried Chandos, laughing heartily ; "he might sue the young lady for breaoh of prom- ise, and her papa would have to pay the^osts ! One word for him and two for yourself-hey, ray friend ? All light!-the act of restitution shall be mode. Sholl I have to see him about it ?" "Oh, no, no, I pray you," said Blumenthal, eagerly. .' It must not be whispered in his ear that such a thing is possible as that he should lose his bride, least of all through my connivance. I shall arrange everything, and afterward, when bride and bridegroom have fled, he and I shall discover the elopement together, and bewail our misfortunes, and mingle our tears, for Azor Matthan and I have ever been like father and son. Thus, you see, it is impossible for you to meet Mariamne, lest the young man suspect the truth, and snatch her from us both, despite my vigil- ance. Let things take their course- as they,are doing until all is ripe for your marriage; when the papers are all in my hands, the settlements made, etc, then you shall communicate with Mariamne." Chandos regarded the old man with a look of thorough disdain, thinking : \ " What an old fox he is. He is willing to betray that young fellow at my bid, stranger and Gentile though he calls me, and to sell my darling to the highest bidder-the avaricious old wretch I" But, of course, he did not put these home truths into words. He bowed acquiescence to all Blu- menthal's propositions, named his notary who was to do business with Blumanthal's notary, ap- pointed the hour of their meeting, and withdrew, both elated and disgusted at the result of his inter- view. "Never thought he'd consent to it," chuckled he, aloud. "ConBint, is it?" muttered Guiseppe, at his elbow. "Your may put your thumb on that, your grace, for, by the etarnal hills,-an' that's a sarious oath-his consint is the head an' the tail of the whole affair, and di vii a marriage is inlinded between yees." The young duke scarcely knew what to think. That Blumenthal was determined to make the best bargain he could under tbe circumstances was evident, but how he could back out of the marriage after he bad obtained all that his avarice demanded was not so evident. Hungering and craving for an interview with Mariamne, Chandos was too preoccupied to set him- self to solve this problem. Not so Guiseppe, who set himself to scent out the real intentions of the old man with the zeal of a terrier after a rat. It took two or three days for the notaries to come to an understanding, much to Ellesmere's indigna- tion, whose orders to the gentleman who repre- sented his interest were simply to agree to what the rascals demanded, unless the demands were too absurd. It took Guiseppe to nose out the meaning of this delay. Blumenthal had ordered his lawyer to argue the time away until further notice, and upon no account to come to an agreement nntil he had given his word. Chandos was grievously nettled, but what could he do ? If the old man meant to play him false, who was to prevent him ? And, on the other hand, if Blumenthal was act- ing faithfully, and Chandos was to lose patienco and break the agreement by seeking a clandestine interview with Mariamne, then the old man, justly indignant, might throw up the who'e thing, and marry his daughter to Matthan after all. The young man was eaten up with anxiety and indecision, and truly the only moments approach- ing to happinesB which he experienced were those he spent every evening walking for an hour be- neath Mariamne's window. But she never looked out ; she never once gave him the joy of a glimpse of her sweet face. Meanwhile what was going on within her home ? Surely the strangest comedy of errors that ever was enacted ! Down came Mariamne from her chamber every morning, wan and listless as any ghost, and pre- sented herself a passive martyr to be wooed by Azor at his will. This was her idea of contrition for past Bins-re- paration. Asenath, according to command, hovered near, flushing and paling, moody and sprightly by turns -a very travesty of her own calm self. Azor was almost angelically gentle and tender with Mariamne, but never hinted of love, while he poured out his choicest eloquence, and was per- fectly irresistible with Asenath. Did he mean to win his bride by rousing her jealouBy P If so, never was man more mistaken in his con- ception of a woman's heart. Mariamne neither saw nor heard him in those days ; their conversation was as the rippling of waters on a far off shore, or the buzzing of bees in an unseen garden. Everything was as nothing to Mariamne now ; every little turn of life was met by her listless inquiry of " What does it matter ?" What did it matter whether she rose in the morning or not ? It waa only beginning the long sad day again. Oh, leave her to dream and weep 1 What did it matter whether she ate or drank ? It was only prolonging a life that was already too long. Oh, let her die and be at peace ! What did it matter whether she looked hand- some or the contrary ?-whether she looked well or ill ? George would not see her now. Oh, let her alone ! pretty dresses ill befit broken hearts ! Every tiny trifle stung and tortured her too. Flowers-she could not look upon them now, they 'spoke so vividly of him who had loved flowers so well, and who had sent her flowers-sweetest messengers of the sweetest love that ever bloomed on earth. Music ! Oh, let her not hear it now ! It harrowed her soul with reminiscences of the happy thoughts that uaed to cluster round his image while she heard those symphonies. Would she wear thiB ribbon ?" No, no, that was his favourite colour j put it by, she would never wear it more. This jewel t Never again, never again ! He had kissed it once and fastened it in the lace of her throat and told her she would always think of him when she fastened that gem there. The whole world was empty, and death seemed all too fair to the young lady whose heart waa broken. And yet-like the martyr of old-fainting and bleeding though she was, she chose to scourge her- self for past misdeeds, and her seonrge was reparation. Thus, though she hpard the loved footsteps every night-stealing to her own room -regularly at ten o'clock to gloat her earsupon the beloved Bound-she never went near the opened window to catch one glimpse of a face that was dear as Heaven to her -never once ! (To be continued.) 