THE GHOST HUNT. [By GBACE SCHUYLER.] They wore four cousins-Jim and Bessie Dodd, Dudley and Ada Day. The boys were about sixteen years old; their sisters were a year or two younger. Tliey had come from I their homes in the country to stay with their Grandmother Dodd and to attend school in j the city. I The evening was. a warm one in lateSep« tember. The windows were open wide to cool ! the_ruom where, grouped upon a tiger-skin rug j before an open tire, these four young people, I armed with long sharp-pointed sticks, sat in ' the dim firelight /roasting marshmallows over the coals and telling ghost stories. - Outside the autumnal wind, not cold but noisy, was soughing drearily through the leaves; nature seemed in sympathy with the pleasantly gloomy feelings of the marshmallow roasters. Jim was concluding hi3 talejn a whisper of harrowing quality. "Then, giving ono awful. Bhriek, she swooned. Sir Harold heard and rushed in. Too clearly, across that face, white . as. the pillow it rested upon, could be seen the burn-, ing red marks of the Spectral Friar's icy hand. Poor .Alice never came out of the swoonr-she -was dead!" "O Jim,how ghastly 1" exclaimed Ada. "I know I shan't sleep a wink to-night, after hearing all these deliciously dreadful stories. But the candy is all eaten,the fire is going out, and it is 10 o'clock. I am afraid we shall have to go to bed, for there is nothing else to do." "Here is the letter grandmother left for the boys to mail when she went to bed. Let's all take it around to the lamp-post on Norman street," said Bess. "No, no.!" said Ada; "that would take us by the haunted house on Saxon-street, and I shouldn't dare to go near it to-night-after Jim's awful stories." "You girls are all alike," chuckled Jim, much pleased with the effects of his eloquence. " You're so easily worked up into scares? Now Dud and I wouldn't mind going into the house if we could get in." "Hurrah, the very thing!" exclaimed Dudley, excitedly. "Here is a glorious wind-up to our. evening. We can get in ! I stopped there last week to get some autumn leaves for grandmother off that vine on the porch, and I found that my latchkey fitted that door. I thought then that we would explore the house some day, but it will be ever so much jollier to do the thing by night." " Come on,, girls-don't be geese. We dare you to it!" "Of course we dare go if you do," responded Bess. "And oh, Ada, it will be such fun to tell the girls at school to-morrow! They've been telling us such absurd stories about that house. The last people who lived there. com plained of a woman , in yellow, who roamed about, opened and shut, doors noiselessly, and sat by their beds at night." " Why," said Ada, " the house has got such a bad reputation that the owners can't rent it in spite of the beautiful grounds about it." "Hats.and wind!" exclaimed Jim, con temptuously ; " only idiots would believe such stuff." | "But you know,put in Ada, timidly, j "something awful did happen there once that poor young lady who went crazy over a love j affair; they kept her in that wing room, with : the barred window, and she died there and-" "Oh, yes, I've heard-all about that, and how; she is supposed to wander about there now, rattling the chains they used to bind her with!" replied Dudley, scoffingly. " We will ask her. politely if we can't relieve her of her load if we happen upon her in one of the corri dors. What a lark!" "Hurry up girls I Will you go? dare you ?" " It is a dare, Ada. We really must go," said Bess so determinedly that Ada put on her hat and cloak at once. "Very quietly, in order not to waken old Mrs. Dodd, alLfour stole out into the street, where the sky now lowered inky black above J them. " We must not strike .a light or make a sound- while we are about this .-work," said Dudley solemnly. "If passers-by should see or hear anything it would.only add to the, bad name of the place, and we might get into trouble with the owners." "Stop giggling, girls! If you. are. going, to get silly and nervous, you can just go back, Jim and ! really want to look into the thing, and . discover what is at the bottom of these i queer reports." Bess. and Ada promptly assumed a more severe .demeanor, and indeed felt little inclina tion; to; laugh when they passed through the gateway qf the gloomy- looking grounds. Naofie.was in sight. The long path wound in.and out of thick clumps of ,fir and pine, and they followed it up to the porch. "Isn't there a light in that corner room?" whispered Ada. "Goose! It's a reflection from the.street lamp," replied .her brother, quenchingly. "Shall we give: the.bell a pull? Maybe the maiden in chains, will clank along, and let us in!" Jim .jerked at the old bell as he spoke.: The . knob:Came off in his hand, and sent Mm stag? gering baok .against the pillars of the poroa, while the sound of the bell went clanging through the rooms within. "Here goes the key; walk in, ladies!" Dudley threw open the door. "Now, remem ber, no. ?talking. Oh,. but it's dark. Hark! what's.that!" A creaking sound on the dark stairs made them all start and look up. There was nothing but black darkness.. Ada grasped Bessie!s arm, "I can't goon, Dudley," she whispered; "I am frightfully scared. Gome out on the porch with me, Bess." As the girls darted outside, a blast of wind, swept down: the stairs,, and with a bang the door was closed upon, .them, Bess tried to open it again, but could not. She thought the boys had locked it to tease them, and they sat down until the boys should let them in. _They. sat. Bide by' side, whispering occa sionally,- clutching each other nervously at every unusual sound. By-and-bye Bess, rising resolutely, thumped on the door and rattled the. knob. No response came, though strange and stifled sounds were heard within. "Bessie," said Ada, in a trembling voice, after, they had waited a few moments, "our boys would never leave us alone, in this way if they could help it. There are. mora noises in there than they are making. Something must have happened, to them, and we must do something just as fast as we can." "Listen!" said Bess, "I think that is the night policeman down on Hun-avenue. Come. We must run and stop him, and get him to come back with us. and break in this dreadful door." Once more they listened at the keyhole. A clanking sound from within made their blood run cold, and they fled down the path to the street, and around the corner to Hun-avenue. . There, only a block distant, they could see a big policeman standing under an elecric light, and they hastened toward him. Meantime, Btrange proceedings had been taking place within the old house. When the girls fled out upon the porch, and the draft from above had shut the door, Jim, springing back, had found it fastened by a SDring-cateh. "There!"he exclaimed, in a whisper, "the girls have locked themselves out. All right, let them stay there ! We must go on and ex plore for five minutes, or they will think our courage failed us. What's that ? Listen !" The stairs were creaking again, and the old balusters rattled, while a sound of sob3 and stifled wailing seemed to fall upon their ears. A feeling of horroi' came over both boys. " Gome on ; we'd, be.tter be getting out of this," muttered Jini. as,; seizing Dudley's arm, lie started, as .he thought, towards the front door again. But he. mistook the way ; and stvimbling through an open door, both boys hur ried towardafaint glimmer from an electric light oij. the.street, only to find their hands grasping the iron bars of a window. "For goodness sake, Jim i" gasped Dudley, " we have lost our way. We are in that wing room-the prison." They turned in a panic to leave the unplea sant spot. They found the door; but it had been noiselessly closed upon them-closed and locked! They were prisoners; and prisoners of whom-of what ? They pounded and kicked, but the solid oak door was unyielding. It had been made to withstand even more frenzied attacks than theirs. " Could the girls have done it?" "Never! They would not have dared; and anyway, the front door was locked." "Hark! I thought I heard something!" Dudley whispered. . There was perfect silence at first, and then, out in the corridor, a clanking sound wa3 heard, far away at first but drawing nearer; and then the rattle of a chain just outside the door. Then silence again. Jim felt Dudley reel, and. throwing out his arms, caught him in time to prevent his falling to the floor. "Dudley, old fellow!" he urged, feeling his own courage coming back with the effort to rouse his fainting cousin, "this is sheer non sense ! You don't believe in ghosts. We are caught in a trap certainly, but not by ghosts. Don't be a 'fraid-cat, Dud-stand up. We'll get out of this all right enough, and whatever happens, we'\e got to act like men." "But, Jim, that clanking chain; that door getting locked without a sound of footsteps; that crying and. groaning? Nothing human would act like that." "Tramps probably," said Jim. "I've got two matches in my pocket, and we will just see wiiat there is in this dungeon, anyway. " The matches flared for a minute. "Nothing for a weapon," said Dudley, gloomily; "noo even a chair or a broomstick! These bars are eo close together that we can't reach through Andemash-the glass. If we-could, someone might hear our cries for h-jlp. Bub no one can hear us away down on the street. We shall he murdered!" "Now, Dud! don't h9 so chicken-hearted! It's hard lines, but if we'll only , wait, tho3e girls will bring somebody." The girls were bringing somebody. They had with some difficulty persuaded the big policeman to go off his beat and see what had become of their brothei'3, " It's a black and crazy place, I'm thinkin'!" exclaimed the policeman, as they went up the thickly-shaded path. "What iver made the boys go in there, anyhow?' "Why, don't you know?' said Ada. "Haven!t you heard. that the house is haunted ? The boys wanted to discover what the ghosts were, and so-Why, what's the matter? Where are you going?" Ada fairly screamed the question, for the policeman had stopped and: was, turning back. "No,-thin,'' he said. "I'll not.be goin';on. I'll not sthir a stip into the house. 'Tis bad luck to .have any d'alin's wid-ghosts; and any how, 'tis oif me bate, an' I'm goin' back to me juty. What good wad me pistols and clubs do againsb.ghosts 1 Lave go me coat, I say ! I'm too big for the likes of you to drag me aginst me will!" That a policeman could be afraid of anything had never entered the head of either girl till' this agonising moment. But now, as: they looked up and saw by the dim light above them..the-.look,of superstitious.terror upon.the man's face, they instinctively tightened their grasp upon- the brass^buttoned coat, for they. knew that flight was in his mind and that he must be held. Just then a chorus of cries .fell upon their ears from the haunted house. The voices were > plainly those of women, or girls. "Police ! Thieves! Help! Police ! Police!" "Them's no . ghosts!" exclaimed the police man in a tone of relief. He bounded forward, club in hand. " What's up ?'' he shouted. " Here's the police." The door was flung open. A curious and un expected sight met their eyes. There, in the wide hall, in the light of a lamp which, rested on the stairs, stood three young girls, armed with a poker, a, broom, and a pair of r tongs, clinging to each other, and evidently in a state of great excitement. "Oh, I am so glad to see you!" exclaimed the tallest, a girl of 16, as she darted,toward, the policeman.. "There are robbers in the house-lots of them! The house is full of. them!" "I knew it, I knew it; and they've killed my brother, 0 Dud, Dud, Dudley!" wailed Ada. r The. stranger girls, paying no attention to her, went on, "And we have caught four .of them. They are there in this side room,.inside that door." The door was fastened on the outside by a heavy bolt. Just before it lay a big New foundland dog. Around his neck was a collar, and attached to that, a heavy dog chain. His nose was on the .threshold, and.ms eyes glared watchfully. . . "But our brothers-what have they-done with our brothers?" cried Ada and Bess. "Let .therebe tin or a dozen of 'em," said, the policeman,." I'll be a match for. 'em!" Pushing back the bolb he flashed, the. lighb from his " bull's eye" into the room. The five girls, peering timidly in, saw two figures _over-by the window, -standing in much the attitude of the two princes in the Tower in the famous picture. " Coom out of there, will ye ? I arrisb ye in the name of the law !" shouted the officer." "Dudley! |Jim! The thieves! Oh, how funny ! Oh, you darling,boys!" " Why, they are boys, and only two! I saw . four come in! Why, how; dreadfully funny !" exclaimed the strange girl, " It must-be some kind-of a joke!" "Who locked,.us in-you?" asked Jim, ad dressing the talleBt girl. '' How did! you get here ? What are you doing here?" "Why, we are only just .Hying, here," she , said. " We just came to-day, and everything is all upside-down and unsettled. Papa had-to gQ down to .the station to. meet mamma,-and the train must have been. late, , for they ex pected to b& home .by ten, and.-now it is nearly eleven. . I thought it was.papa.when you rang that-bell soJoud, and I was. just going to tear downstairB to let him in, when the door opened and I saw four figures stealing-in so quietly, and knew you were burglars," ' "Oh!" exclaimed' Jim, Dudley, Bess and Ada-altogether. .. "Then Mamie and Fan came out, too, and joined me on the stairs, and poorlibtle Johnny, he is only three-there he is, all wrapped up. in the blanket,.on the_ stairs- he.woke up and began to cry. I almost smothered him for fear you wouldhear anddashup atus. "Then I heard you stumbling into the wing room-all four of-you I thought-and I plucked up courage and tore after you-you see these worsted slippers don't make a sound-and oh, the relief when I found that the bolt worked all right, and that they were locked in ! " Then 1 remembered that Carlo was chained out in the woodhouse, and I led him in and whispered to him to watch. I flew back to the children and made them go back and dress, for I thought if papa didn't come, soon we would make a dash for the street and call for help. . " As I was listening at the door I fancied I heard voices outside, so we all shrieked and then you rushed in ?" "Well, you are very good to be so pleasant about it after our giving you such a fright. It was fcuch a silly thing for us to do.," said Bess; "but you see we had been telling ghost stories all the evening, and had, worked ourselves up to such a pitch that . we thought we would come here tq see-because-you know 11 Bess glanced hesitatingly toward the younger children; "Ob; yes, I see !" laughed the girl. "We know all about..the .stories about .this house. You need not be afraid to mention it before the children., Papa found he,could get the place very cheap just, because .of the ghosts, and so we all think-that a haunted house is the nicest thing in. the world. I hope you will all come here often; I'm sure we ought to be good friends after this - queer beginning of ac quaintance P They were soon good friends, for before Jim and Dudley and_ their sisters had gone home, Mr. and Mrs. ITield, the father and mother of their new acquaintances, came in. They knew Mrs. Dodd very well, and the matter was ex plained satisfactorily to the policeman.. Many-times that winter the old house echoed to the laughter.: of the young, people of both families as they recalled the thrilling incidents of their ghost hunt.-Boston Youths' Com panion. ___________ 