A Real Ghost. A lawyer and a bishop were talking, and this was the manner of their talk. ' I have bccome thoroughly convinced,' said the lawyer, ' of tho ! existence of nocturnal apparitions, for I have seen one!' 'Dear me!' exclaimed the bishop. 'I ! am very curious. Relate the story.' 'I will, my Lord, I will,' said the lawyer. 'It was ! between the hours of 11 and 12. I had gone to bed, and was just falling into my lirst comfortable sleep, when I was awakened by a strange creaking noise. It sounded if someone was walking upstairs ! The steps sounded nearer and nearer, slower and slower ; solemn and measured they were, and presently they halted at my door. I drew the 'sheet over my head, and lay there trembling, not daring to move. Something,' continued the lawyer, ' entered my room, and threw the sheet over my face. I felt rather than saw a faint yellow glimmering light. I could not move at first, but I presently managed to gain a little courage. I drew the sheet cautiously down from my face, and looked ! ' ' Well ! ' cried the bishop excitedly. ' In tbe centre of the room,' said the lawyer, slowly, 'stood a tall old mau. He seemed gaunt and worn with aa or hunger, and liis long grey beard hung half-way down his breast. He was dressed in a queer loose cloak with a cape, and he wore a broad leather band about his waist. In one hand ho held a peculiarly shaped lantern, from which flowed the yellow light, making strange ghostly shadows on the wall behind him. In the other hand he held a staff, the look of which was unpleasant. He stood still in the middle of the floor, looking at me. Presently I said, ' Whence art thou ? What dost thou require ? \-- And what did he say ? ' cried the bishop, fixing his eves upon the odd expression of the lawyer's face/ 'He said,' replied the lawyer, speaking in a hoarse whisper ; ' hesaid, ' I beg yer pardon, eur. I'm the watchman of the street, sur ; an' I thought 'twould be best for me, sur, to come up an' tell yer that yer front door stood open ! If ye do be lavin' it that way, sur, it's bad luck ye'll have before the moniin' ! ? ___________ To Get a Natural Expression.—' Will you take something to drink?' 'With pl^sure.' The ! photo was taken, and the sitter said : But what about that little invitation P ' ' Oh sir, that is j ust 1 a trade rule of mine to get a natural and interested expression, to the face.-' 