Currency flotes. This year Parliament will assemble earlier than usual. The condition of the country renders remedial measures necessary with as little delay as" possible. In business things are going from bad to worse. If any thing can be done to stem the drift it must be done speedily. The measures of relief must not be baaty and makeshift; or they may do more harm than good. A man may be able to jump a ditch once, but a second attempt might land him in the mud at the bottom. Hasty remedial legislation might land the colony on the wrong * side of the ditch; or in trying to get back to a safe and firm ride, the leap might overtax the strength. Panic remedies arc not always permanent cures. * • • • So far as can be gathered the Government are not going to resort to heavy taxation. Probably they have seen that they have gone far enough in tliat direction. Discouragement to commercial enterprises - is a bar to progress. Hardly anything is more susceptible of fright than money. Startle it, and you 6oon see how timid it is. In Hew Zealand capital has been so alarmed by the drastic fiscal legislation of that colony that it is scurrying along outward tracks as fast as it can clear itself of legal ties. Ho country can thrive rapidly when money is leaving it. It is money that makes the sinews of industry firm, and gives health to the heart of commerce. • • « * If our Government want a speedy restora tion of prosperity they must encourage the incoming and circulation of money. To further fetter and hamper its use by taxation would be unwise. Sane men don't rush pell mell at a difficulty like a bull at a gate; others do, and get sore heads for their folly. Calmness and self-possession arc needed now. The ship of State is making an erratic course. She needs 6trong arms at the helm and clear hcod^on the bridge, with a cute look-out aloft. She is amongst reefs, and unless skilfully handled may scrape her keel on a rough rasp. The skipper and lus chief mate must take care that they do not lose any "part or faculty of their heads. Our remedies must be big, rational, statesman like. If money can be induced to come into the colony that is the tack to go on. » ♦ *. « The gnarl in the forthcoming policy is a black one. It is a crooked twist in the grain of the platform planks. It shows conspicuously on the white floor. All the rest white ; one spot black,—black and ugly as a kanaka's head. Some folks are asking how it came there. They seem to think it is ont of place, not consonant with the views and policy of the master builder. But the days of consononcy and consistency arc waning. The era of expediency and adaptation is dawning. Across the platform, below the black gnarled knot, are the words "Necessity hasno law." When necessity reigns opportunism docs obeisance. Hen eat damper when they cannot get plum cake. • A wild ware of wrath has swept through I the ranks of freetraders in l*ew South Wales. I The protectionist policy of Premier Dibbs has borne down all opposition in both Houses' of the Legislature. Mr. Dibbs gives protection, but lays the ad valorem on' all classes. This was j hardly wanted. The moaning classes will ; henceforth groan. They wanted to he eased, ! and others bardeaod. They desired that the j agony of taxation should ho piled on society classes, and not on all classes alike. They have clamoured for protection; thoy have got the 'same bastard sort of thing that we have in Queensland. An ugly, surly mongrel; little high protectionist breeding about it. In this sort of compromise nobody is satisfied, because nobody escapes. The freetraders grumble at having to pay for protectionists' fads. Pro tectionists complain at having to pay dearly for their daily food in order to have their humour for protection of certain trades gratified. * • • » . When some men cannot have their own way how mad they get! It is bo with some demo crats in and about Sydney. The Upper House | of the legislature is a counterpoise to the j radicalism of the Lower House. It is a grave council of sedate men. "Whoever takes a scat there is supposed to have all his faculties and propensities under full control. His calmness is to counteract the excitability and irasci bility of the wilder spirits in the other place. If these pass rash <jr dangerous measures the ! counoil of grave senators must take the sting | out of them. If they endanger the welfare of any class of the commonwealth the council must curb their intentions. If they seek to give undue advantages by statute to .any class the council must retain the balance of fairness. Of course the de feated legislators are exasperated, pour out vials of wrath on the reputations and motives of the "old fogeys" and breathe out hotly most violent threatening^ of demolition of the venerable house of the offenders. Impetuous legislators arc impatient at any sort of brake on their hasty vagaries. ' > t * * Down south the judges have been measuring out jnstico with a free hand on some directors and managers of land and building societies and deposit hanks. It has been clearly proved that malpractices \v officials have impaired the j soundness of several institutions. Money intrusted to their care has been im properly or fraudulently used. In one or two cases embezzlement has taken placo. Where evidence has disclosed a breach of trust the judge has shown little mercy to the delin quent. In one case some directors and manager were sentenced to seven years1 penal servitude; in another case the manager was sentenced to five yeara: in another to two years. These heavy sentences were not a bit too severe. Men who receive money on trust, even at interest, should "bo careful that they use it as safely as human judgment can suggest. • « * •: It is likely enough that the distpist of this class of society began with a loss of confidence in those mismanaged ones. When defalcations, embezzlements, or even irregularities arc sus pected in such cases it is easy to get up a scare. When the' scare is about something more than the ghost of a suspicion it is likely to spread infectiously. But it iB very de plorable that by the villainy of a few men a host of sound companies should bo involved in an in discriminative) run, involving disaster to many innocent people. What loss and sorrow human fraud is responsible for! It is quite probable that in the conviction of tbe dishonest men who used other peopled money for their own benefit there lies the explanation of the ecent whirlwind of distrust which has swept down many sound institutions managed with scrupulous honesty. The scare may have begun with weak and mismanaged institutions, then it extended to those that were stable and well managed. * * * / * Mr. Garner, a broad-shouldered man of great physical strength, and. of French extraction, though five generations of his race have lived on American soil, has come to tho conclusion that the monkeys have a language, and he has made up his mind to master it, if it be possible. This is how he proposes to do it: He has had a cage made of a network of steel rods, and this he will take with himto Africa. The eight sections can be taken apart for packing purposes. The size of the cage is to be 6 feet 6 inches square. When put into position it will be anchored to the ground by three strong chains passing across the top, in order to prevent the gorillas, whose immense strength is well known, from carrying tho whole thing off to study at their leisure in the wilderness. The network is sufficiently fine to hinder them from putting their arms through. In this cage Mr. Gamer is to seat himself at some considerable distance from his party, but he is to be connected with them by means of a telephone and an electric bell. The phonograph will take down the sounds uttered by the gorillas, and a camera, placed in the fork of a tree, will take instan taneous photographs. This is the latest ven ture in the cause of science. It is to be hoped that Garner will survive the dangers to which he will be exposed, and tell us what the Simian tongue is like. "Kissing the "boot," in talcing an oath, especially in police courts, "where one Bible is used by persons in all states of health and sickness, and frequently too in all degrees of dirk, is very repolsiveto persons of delicate and , sensitive natures; but notwithstanding all that i has been said and written against it the formula still survives. This subject has from time to time boen token up by tho Zancet, a recog nised medical authority, hut to little purpose apparently. In its latest effort against the custom it remarks that under "no other cir cumstances are men and women called upon to handle and kiss anything in common. This, however, is only part of the question, the other part of which we have no wish to ignore. On the contrary, it i* of the greatest importance that members of the medical profession should, when they become witnesses", bo duly impressed with the solemnity of taking an oath, and have no reason (as they have at present) to regard it with contempt, or even with disgust. A short Act of Parliament, substituting the uplifted right hand for kisding the l>ook and tho repeti tion of the form of words by the witness, is nil i that is required. It would have much support, and probably little or no opposition, j The suggestion is recommended to members of I ; Parliament." ! | ' • • • « j The decision of the Pull Court that the I grounds of the Agricultural Association are liable to rates will determine the liability of some other properties. The Valuation and Hat ing Act exempts oertain properties de ! voted to special uses. But the management of j some of these properties is not content with the | exemption granted. Often some of these i 1 favoured properties are used in other ways which bring them under the grip of the law. Their user generally implies that admission to them is free. Any charge for entrance is sus piciously like a breach of the law, and it is dis tinctly a breach when the business carried on inside is notoriously different from the user which gives character to the building and en titles it to be exempt. It is doubtful if there is a building in Brisbane other than Government buildings free according to the interpretation of the law now given. * » * * Whenever a fanous actor or actress deter mines on' a Shakespearian season or a revival of one or other of the bard's plays there ia always speculation as to the treatment' the piece will receive. In how many styles has the melon eholy Dane, for instance, been presented. Some actors have made him.swarthy, while others, going upon the characteristics of the'Danish nation, have made him fair. s One man, it is denied that he was an actor, made Hamlet the vehicle for displaying some handsome diamonds he was possessed of, though after all people went more to laugh at the absurdities of his mummer}*. Even Brisbane, not famed always for leading in art, has seen a local standard set up for the representation of " crooked .Richard." And now that Mr. Irving and Miss Terry have produced « Henry VIII.," new ideals are. the result. Mis3 Terry, we are told, does not excel in haughty. demeanour, and she therefore brings all her womanlike qualities into play, and commands commendation in that way. Mr. Irving wears a robe as Wolsay different in colour from those. donned by his histrionic predecessors who have, essayed the same part. So it will continue, hut the plays remain, as has been said, "for all time." - « * * * The little break in the weather during the last few days has been timely and welcome, so . far as the soil is concerned. Although insuffi cient in quantity for any thorough benefit, it was calculated to refresh vegetation and en courage hope of a further supply. The drizzle on Tuesday was decidedly inopportune for tho eiglit-hour demonstration. But sometimes re creation has to succumb to the elements. The disappointment of the few is resignedly borne for the good of the many. Queensland is not the only' part of Australia that has been suffering from dry weatber. In the beginning of last week, the adjoining colony, from Armidale down wards, had a very parched and dreary aspect. The air was bcgloomed by the smoke of burn ing grass. For a day or two a hot wind blew fiercely, scorching up the little sign of verdancy that had previously existed. The thermometer was several de-' grees over the century. The stifling heated air had a very enervating effect on the human system. But, as often occurs, the.worst con ditiou leads to a change. Affet the hot scorchers a polar breeze came up, bringing coolness and wet. In Sydney a. spell of real summer weather was followed by several days of ruin. * * « « For many years, ever so many, St. Patrick has been the patron saint of the great March, holiday. Auother fellow, not half holy yet, called St. Eight- hours-a-day, has come along and claimed that he being a true modern saint, must have tfye place of the old saint. Hereupon followers of these saiuts are ready to fight as followers of 6aints always have been. Some persons met tbc other day and threw down the gauntlet of war. But, steady my boys, there is no need to fight. A difficulty about St. Patrick's Day once before occurred. It was amicably settled. Had the men at that meeting been far-eeeing and broad- minded they would hare looked up and imi tated that old friendly ; adjustment and used it now. It was this way: A dis pute arose as to whether St. Patrick's Day fell on the Sth or on the 9th of March. A merry old monk, on being appealed to, said that nine and eight made 17. "Take the 17th," said he, " and both sides will win the dispute." That was done, and so St. Patrick's Day was afterwards observed on the 17th of March. Let Borne merry old soul be fonnd now with wit enough to suggest that eight from nine, one is left. Put the holiday on March 1. And yet, here it is well to say that March 1 is far too near the hot weather to be the best day for an eight-hour-day anniver sary. The resumption of duty as Commissioner for Police by Mr. D. T. Seymour, was announced in "Wednesday's Telegraph, and will, we "be lieve, give-general satisfaction. Mr. Seymour was compelled to consult his creditors as to his financial affairs, and until the terms. of settle ment were agreed upon, he took temporary leave of absence without pay. Probably that is another way of stating the case, for the 38th clause of the Civil Service Act puts it that a civil servant in similar circumstances shall be " deemed to have vacated lus office." Provision is, however, mode for the reinstate ment of such officers, if the Civil Service Board-so recommend and the Govemor-in Council approve. In this case there was no hesitation. In fact, it was never ; mipposed that na officer who had long and faithfully served the country—who had un fortunately become a victim to the Mount Morgan mania—would be allowed to go to the wall. Moreover, it would have been unwise from the standpoint of economy. Mr. Sey mour by reason of his long sendee—about 30 years—was entitled under the Police Act, on retirement to a pension nearly equal to his salary. It would havo been foolish to a degree to have idlowed a competent inan—of robust health and yet full of vigour—to retire on a high pension. Another man would have to be appointed at the com missioner's present salary, and thus the publit expenditure unnecessarily increased by £600- or £700. Up to a few weeks ago thelocal atmosphere was heavily charged with rumours as to tho commissioncrsliip, and several remarkable ap pointments were made ly the busy dame. At the time wo denied these on "the best, authority "—no less an authority than that of the high officials concerned. ■ For our' denial wc received childish abuse. . Results havo proved the truth of our statements. Enough said. 