" How Shall We Decide This Question ?" Now which is the worse—to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ! There are lots of people on the one Bide or the other of this question. When " good digestion wait9 ou appeiitc and health ou both," that is the ideU attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are uot blessed in that way; we cither . liive too much food without au nppetite,or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer T this question liiiFerently, yet the common eemo of it is that within reusouuble limits, it is better to have au appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation liuo a hungry man is a healthy man j whcre.is a man who ought to and deesn'o feel like eating, stands iu need of "alterations and repairs."" ' - J ' To illustrate. We recently received a com* municatiouiu which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat.1'. Did he fancy , his food was poisooed. or did his nature rebel aga'nst the nourishment lived on 1 If the latter, why 1 Let him oltar the mystery himself. He .iays, " In the year 18S9 X changed 'my work from railway porter to sixain in. I have been signalmuu twelvemonths, and then all at or.ee, so to spfuk, 1 d d not feel inyaef, My miuth tasted bad, io thit o dimry articles of dist seemed o lose their flav- nr,.. tho'pilute to put it in that way, up jeiue 1 to have nothing to say to them; Oou thing was like ano;h r, aud noue wai good. My tongue wa^ cmted and furred, with a dark ine down the midUo end yellow fur round it, My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with paius through the chest and tdiouldera, which was always tight before I hid eaten aiythiug. Theu I was greatly troubled with wil d. It would githur. so it feli like a bill in my. throit, aud act as if it would choke ine," % • ...... Wo cannot wonder that under these cir> cnmstauccs our friend failtd to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he 'balls '* a pricking sensation " at his.he.ut as though it was touohed with acme instru raeur. Thenj again, at tiiri'sho was attacked with spasms, the agpuy 'o!: which was fo severe that the sweet rolled off him. "I dreided," ho siy," the .thouuM of eating, ami many a scanty meal have I made, for I wai afraid to eat. "After a lime I gob into a low, weak, neivous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was: going fo happrn, and this .caused mc to lose.a good deal of sleep." _:.VVkafc hft:mpan8 ns £oiuj£-to Iifippeu:" i3 of iTourae fchb fear of '^oineoulamity, such as the loss of his position, his o>vn death, or the death of somebody dear to him : This, was due, ias he , intimates lo the impoverished state of his blool (tho life bearer), his unstrung .nerves, aud to the brain onfebhled^y lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts aud goblins, the creatures of restltss and ungoverued imagination. "With great difficulty,", ho suyj, "I stuck to my wbik for I had a wife and family depending on mc. Sol struggled on, hut what I suffered for over two yeais is pistmy power* of description. - Jam sure no omhaa suffered tso much as'I have done. Id the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. OueV own, pain is one's own aud is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's. There is a counties multitude ' who^ are all ; the while goiug through tho samo wretched experience, only wedon't happen to come in touch with them. Well, tho writor finally mentions th-it after all modical treatment had lefc him he chanced to read iu, a book of .a oasc exactly like his own having been cured by Mother.. Scigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, " got me a bottle at Mrs. Lantstafl'd in Woodlesfprd, and after using itseoiUemsthe ailment left nio and has never returned since that fortuuato diy. : I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have beenomployed by the Midland Railway Com pany for o'oven years. (Signed) " George Hunt, • "Car Bottom Road, . ; Apporley Bridge near Leeds." Wo publish this by Mr. Hunt's, desire, that part of tho world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 