THE HENTY : ITS SURROUND- INGS AND CONCERNS. [Phil.] From the neighbourhood of Remine there is fairly cheering news, chiefly of mineral discovery, and following to the point where great £ s. d. is willing to change hands for the output, or lend his potency to a part- nership with indomitable will and muscu- larity towards the end of reaching nature's treasure store and disencumbering it of tough bulky envelopments. I entertain notions that Heemskirk (the whole range) and its slopes, foothills, and gorges will tell a pleasant tale ere 1000 dawns, whoever of us is contemporary with that glow and following sunrise. Long before the closing year of this century I expect a terraced town in prospect of the Indian Ocean's distant blue, and near white lines of break, nightly lulled to sleep by the wavelet's ripple, or disturbed in fitful spells by the roar and crash of storm lashed billows, which thunders down to insignificance the sustained thuds of a thousand and one stamp heads, or hum of disintegrators. As in our telescopic philanthropy we send missionaries, warming pans, and ulsters to denizens of sylvan coral isles, in part regard- less of hordes who genuinely need these good things, and other, right under our noses —poor near blood relations may be—so many of our mineral prospectors went afield in- tent on discovery ere the seaboard was sub- jected to thorough search. The impelling power of this inbred propensity has happily, in the instance of the Zeehan field, not been exerted unprofitably, but I think a very short time will pass before the country is made aware that there are ascertained deposits of high class silver ores within cooey of old Neptune's element, of permanent fissure vein character, and in goodly bulk. Tin there is not a ghost of a doubt about, either alluvial or lode. For more years than we can tally digits to, men have been taking tin ore out of Creek beds and terraces of the mountain side ; and it is as sure that it did not creep up there, as that it did wash down. Given this much, the direction of the main deposits is simplified ; and that they are considerable is highly probable from the fact that improvement in quantity is found as ascent is made towards a given height from either south, west, or north. How many years has the Eureka been at work ; and how much tin has been sent away from that company's workings ? I have said nothing of the crescent break- water of concrete cylinders founded in the reefs of Trial, or the elevated way carrying moveable crane and trucks for loading und unloading the steamers of the coming day, or of the straight along cantilever railway to Zeehan worked by electricity- driven cables regardless of grades. No ! This is an engineering matter that must wait. If I were to enlarge upon it now there are people who would smile as knowingly and vacantly as the wiseacres of six or seven decades since when Stephenson, Semmering, Schilling, Gauss, Weber, Cook, Wheatstone, the two Vails, and others the world is debtor to, burned brain and midnight oil over problems in engineering and electricity, that solved have revolutionised all things. Let them smile while others think and work. Silver.-The Fisherman's (Ben Thorne's) claim, a mile and a half up the Little Henty from the sea, is a bonanza, just beginning to show its riches after several months of the holders' steady graft. Ben and his mate started eel fishing on the river, and had nous enough to notice mineral signs in its rocky sides. Eels were given best, and the cliff occupied attention, the result being the finding of a gossany outcrop which has been followed painstakingly to the present face. Occasional assays encouraged the toilers, and now it is definitely ascertained they are on a large fissure vein, traceable a long way by similar surface signs as those which induced first work, carrying silver lead ores (galena chiefly) in good amount, and of high quality. A number of people have paid the claim a visit, among them being Professor Black, Messrs. Stitt and Cullingworth, and others competent to pronounce opinions on its value, the likelihood of richer openings, and permanency! They speak favourably. Hard as the times are many blocks of mineral land, square miles of it, are held—stuck to as to a best bower on a lee shore. More or less work is- being done on the line. A very likely claim is one owned by Messrs. Stubbings and Bethune. There are places elsewhere where wonder- ful results have been returned for persevering search at the junction of the slates and granite. Wonderful quantities of silver ; and, though Thorne is on the south side of the Little Henty, such a junction occurs not far away on the opposite. I have not data as to whether the river cuts through an alternation of country like this, but think it quite probable. It is worth looking for, but on the north side there is no doubt. Road cuttings exhibit it as well as the rugged outcrops of both rocks, generally, with the seams of slaggy looking ironstone in varions stages of decomposition. Here and there are bands of quartzite, but what these indicate I leave others to say. The point I make is that the silver country reaches the sea. In the flat close to the ferry there is a big outcrop of very passable limestone. One would hardly expect this in a ti-tree swamp. With those working in the various silver blocks and persons in- terested visiting them there are in a month a good number travelling this way. Tin.-The discovery of a lode capping carrying a good percentage of this valuable mineral on the old Cliff property I had pleasure in telling you of by wire several months since. Well it is a fact though much progress has not been made to the present. The lode is proved to be one and to carry payable ore, and the casing is very good also. Water is scarce and will cost something to conserve and bring in. With this necessary the holders could get enough tin ore out of the casing to keep them going, and ultimately purchase a plant to treat the lode stone nnd open the mine. The forkings can then also be put through. I believe they are doing their best towards getting a supply of water from the mountain streams higher up. Variously in creeks and terraces on this face of Heemskirk there are 20 to 24 men working alluvial tin, and though the quan- tity is not yet sufficient to warrant negotia- tions for a bi-weekly or monthly steamer, there are sure signs that the port of Remine will be used before long. About 12cwt. to 17cwt. weekly goes to Launceston via Zeehan, Strahan, etc., the cartage to the former by Messrs. Morrisby'e dray being a heavy charge on ultimate returns. When the quantity is trebled it will pay to charter the little Meteor monthly or so for stores in and tin out. Get the lode to work, and with the silver and alluvial tin noted, and other mines merely awaiting the advent of pick, shovel, hammer and gad, Remine will again be a busy little place, and with their dovelop- ment grow into the ocean city presaged. THE BIG HENTY. As many kuow, much land has been selected along the river both sides, and along the railway line. With mineral leases and agricultural selections, nearly all is taken up on the line from about the 10 mile peg to Zeehan. On the river, including 1,600 acres leased for coal (some parts over- lapping agricultural blocks), the selections extend almost from the sea to four miles up. The selectors as a whole are not doing much, the majority are doing nothing to the land whioh, under the Act, they are bound to reside on and clear, etc. Why go to the trouble and cost of getting an Act through, and on to the statute book, if it is not intended to enforce it ? There is something rotten in the State of Denmark; the old story, letting the Jew do the work of improving their land, and so en- hancing the value of adjoining blocks, and winking at the many who toil not, neither do they spin ; but look confi- dently forward to a paying spec, without spending a pound in labour to make it so, or doing one day's work in that direction. The land will all sell at a higher price than £1 per acre, even 2knd £3 if forfeited to the Crown for non-performance of conditions of purchase. Why not, then; in the public interest ; the head of the Lands Department is sworn to conserve, does he not use the power the Act confers on him, and which is jrnvdatory or nothing ? There are plenty of buyers, and the difference between the price to be obtained and the £1 per acre will amply pay a bailiff working on percentage without considering the inflow to the Treasury. There are a few notable exceptions, men who are not dummies under the protecting aegis of departmental favour, somnolence of apathy, as Dr. Atkinson Harrison, Messrs. J. Fitzpatrick (Government Railways), C. Clay, B. C. Boyes (surveyor), W. J. Lloyd, and Jones. The doctor is furthest ahead. Under the management of Mr. E. De Bomford a productive garden plot has been cleared and planted, and several acres scrubbed and grassed. such vegetables as cabbage, turnips, carrots, etc., have been sent to Zeehan this season at a good price, and great things are in prepara- tion for next. A neatish cottage and several outbuildings have been put up on this bush farm, Mr. Fitzpatrick and mem- bers of his family hold several blocks on river front, o?? having the railway line also running along a boundary. A good two- roomed cottage is built on this one, over- looking the station sit», " Malunnah," near the 12.60 peg. A fair amount of the bush land has been scrubbed, burned off, and sown with grass. Mr. F. up river has a block with as fine a forest of hardwood on it as one could desire for splitting or sawmill- ing purposes. The river is here over 30ft deep, and with a few pounds worth of labour to clear away trees fallen across, will be a superb water-way. Pity J. C. Climie's railway survey had not been adopted for the river crossing for all sakes. Then the river could have been used for a stopping place site. Now on Mr. Griffith's improved survey the bridge comes in at the end of a costly embankment through a bog on one side with a grade of 1 in 80 rising to 1 in 40 to a 36,000yd. cutting through a sharp curve. Stopping places therefore are at the 12.60 one side und 10.40 the other where no roads lead to, and to which the river, which four miles of blocks front to, gives no access. On the other blocks named clearing has been done. Their holders mean business. Not to be tedious, I simply mention that to settlers on the line and up and down river the railway is far from being an unmixed blessing. They get from Strahan, say half a ton of chaff, a few bags potatoes, oats, flour, bran, etc, and bags and cases groceries, meat, etc. Now, whether on the river or line, the dropping of the stuff at the 10.40 or the 12.60 means heavy expenditure of horse and man labour to get it home in a country with no roads, the further away the more labour. The railway manager will not allow the repair gangs, after hours and line clear for the night, to trolly the stuff to nearest con- venient place to get home from, nor will he permit a material train usually leaving Strahan a couple of hours ahead of the 8 a.m. mixed, to drop goods where settlers could conveniently get them. There would be neither cost nor risk in either case. It is done for some having the key to official favour ; but others have to struggle over a broken country, hill, bog and bush, with their goods in detail—a dozen or more trips — the mile or more back to where they might have been dropped, or trollied to. The labour is severe, and damage to stores great in wet weather, An imprecatory psalm would do no good , but if Mr Back will try 10cwt or 15cwt in detail from, say, the 10.40 to the bridge, or from the 12.60 to it, or to the 14 or 15 mile, he will have an enjoyable experience. Does it strike the manager, the Engineer- in-Chief, or the Minister, that this kind of thing is an obstruction to the country's pro- gress as well as bad business policy. That it is admits of no question, for whatever a citizen is made to lose, whether time or value of any kind, is national an well as individual loss. You cannot injure the unit without affecting the whole body. I am sorry to report that the everlasting sand is encroaching towards the line near the 9.40 peg. The foot of the scarp of an approaching bank is not many chains off the railway, and it is coming nearer hour by hour. Messrs Reynolds' road in from the beach is covered to a near point, and trees but recently standing out in the clear are being gradually buried. A few weeks' hard dry blow from S.S.W. to N.N.W. , or even with heavy rain, and this portion of the line will be " down among the dead men. " Mr. Griffith a deviation from J. C. Climie's alignment was understood to be designed to take the line so far easterly as to be away from danger of overwhelming, and cost over and above what Climie's would have cost, the long bog embankment referred to, the viaduct, Condy's cutting, and long em- bankment to the 10.40 level and the cutting through the curve north of the bridge. It is said to have saved a mile or so, but it is now evident it has saved too much. The earthworks above cannot aggregate much less than 120,000 cubic yards, to the cost of which must be added the sodding—no mean item. Call it altogether £8,500. Had the deviation taken an inland circuit from about the 8.40, and rejoined Climie at the 11 mile (Climies s peg), the line far from tho possibility of sand burial would have resulted, for half a century anyhow , A little north of this threatening encroach- ment a huge sand dune is covering a forest to the tree tops. You can see right over the highest trees from the top of the advancing scarp. Behind you dead tree tops a yard or two out of the sand ; before yon live trees being covered, the upper 100ft or so sticking out midway between edge and base of the slope, and the lower buried. I had no adequate conception of how these high dunes and domes were formed prior to seeing this operation in progress. The buffalo grass planted variously in parallels along sand cuttings and embank- ments bids fair to grow into a binding covering. So does the pigface transplanted from the beach, but to what avail were the all swallowing sand that is covering up forests to the height of a hundred or more feet is advancing ? THE FERRIES For something over a year good safe punts and boats have been placed at the crossings of the Big and Little Henty Rivers, and travellers have thus had open safe communi- cation between Remine and Strahan, whether on foot or horseback, or with teams and drays, etc. From the time Messrs. Reynolds and Co. had advanced the line au far as the nine mile peg and beyond, until they reached so near the end of their work, Zeehan, as to make it more easy for travellers afoot to and from that place to go and come per line unfinished, using the railway cars as far as available, than to adopt the route via Remine, there was an incessant traffic per the ferries and beach, and many obtaining horses at the Big Henty or Remine, which- ever way they were journeying, thus made the matter of travelling easy if expensive. So far as traffic between Zeehan and Strahan goes, the railway offers a better, cheaper, easier, and more expeditious means of travel, though there are occasions when people perforce have to traverse the old route, generally with horses. There is no other way. It cannot be supposed the officers having control of our highways and railways are vested with power to close a highway open more than the number of years necessary to establish a right-of-way, or indeed have the desire, knowingly, to coerce the travelling public to use the rail- way by thus closing it if the said travellers by reason of having business or pleasure, leading them require to use the beach route, Remine to Strahan, or to the 10.40 stopping place, Strahan and Zeehan Railway, for Strahan or vice versa. Such is so, however. The Works De- partment summarily and sans notification of any kind, abolished both Big and Little Henty ferries, and so closed the highway on the 27th tilt. True there are few persons travelling afoot between Strahan und Zeehan this way, and not a great many on, or with, horses ; but there are always some of the latter. Be- tween Trial, Heemskirk, the Little Henty and vicinity, and Strahan, horse or foot per beach or rail (at 10.40), there are a good many, certainly more than were travelling between the years 1879-1888. Large num- bers began about '88, and continued till railway approached completion. For example, duriug the last 12 days of the present month an average of three persons per diem passed over the ferry, Big Henty with or without horses. One, a Government em- ployee, came with two Government horses and returned with three, picking up a fourth between the rivers. The Little Henty ferry was abandoned by the hitherto contractor on receipt of the mandate of February 27, he, however, reserving his right to claim the prescribed quarters, quota, or subsidy in lieu of notice, having yearly tenure. The contract expired December 31 last at so much per annum; but the Works Department continued him in charge of the ferries (and properly so) through January and February, paying him the monthly quota of subsidy as hereto- fore. This, in the absence of intimation from the Government the service was to cease, constitutes a renewal of contract. The man in charge of Government horses (four) in attempting to cross the abandoned Little Henty lost one, drowned ! He could have had assistance from the Big Henty if he asked for it ; but probably feared to incur the expense, as he did that of feed and stabling for the horses which regaled their famished stomachs all the previous night sniffing gum scrub and burnt timber. Let the Agent General note and advertise this in London. It will materially aid the next loan for a Government that cannot afford for three horses is badly off for a loan if not a charitable donation. The abolition of the ferry recoiled very suddenly on the department responsible ; but, and here's the rub ; the public, not the gentlemen in West of England broadcloth and fine linen of Egypt, suffer the loss. ( The punt was not available without some trouble to bale out and float, so the man tried to swim 'the animals. The defunct one, smelling no prospect of better fare ahead than he had been treated to during several days and nights previously, declined, and went under. He was tired of serving a righteous Government whose statute book contains an Act against cruelty to animals, and starved him. He couldn' thrive on an Act of Parliament. Frequently owners of horses used at Zeehan desire to send them to Hobart or elsewhere In the south, and as times become brisker horses will be en route to Zeehan. There has been quite an exodus since the depression. As the ferries are abolished such persons now have the choice to go via the Pieman and Waratah, Gadd's Hill, Chudleigh, Lake Country, Bothwell, etc , or vice versa, or pay for horse trucks on the Zeehan and Dundas Railway, and truck drays, etc. In other words a person with three horses and dray bound either way between Strahan and Zeehan must now pay £3 or £4 to the railway for transport instead of getting through with unbruised, un- injured horses via the ferries for 15s. Recently one well known firm sent eight fine horses through Strahan to Waratah, on the way to grass on the N W Coast for a well earned spell, and another firm sent four to the Don. The Dundas Railway contractors sent a mob bound to Hobart overland, and horses are continually going both ways. Are all these people to be com- pelled (coerced) to use the railway at great cost and come risk, consequent on the with- drawal of a small subsidy to keep the ferries open and their consequent abandonment ? What of all those spoken of earlier on the tin and silver sections about Remine; those desiring to visit them and the inhabitants of the little port, all of whom require an open way to and from Strahan ? Must they toil up and down hill 12, 14, 16 miles to reach Zeehan railway station, and then pay 28 or 29 miles train fare, and re- turning do likewise, when with 0pen ferries they can reach Strahan in half the distance less, either on horseback or foot, or part train for 10½ miles at comparatively nominal expense ? Mr A Morrisby, who has busi- ness interest at Remine, Zeehan, and Argen- ton, was at the former place the other day, and urgently required to meet the Zeehan tranl at the 10.40 and then proceed to Strahan do business, and get back to Zeehan by afternoon train. Fortunately the tide was out at Little Henty, and, with a pilot, he effected a safe crossing at its out- let ; 12 hours before this could not have been done , high tide and sea. The punt was half ashore and full of water, gear awry. He reached Big Henty in time for breakfast, was ferried by the unsubsidised ferryman, saw the train and person desired at the 10 40, went to Strahan by down train, and reached Zeehan by the 4 p.m. up train. I call it up hill to Zeehan ; down to the sea level. This is one instance of the necessity of ferries and frequently since trains have been through to Zeehan, with varying surroundings and interests, such can be multiplied by the hundred. The reason stated (it was not asked and besides reasons are always wrong) for abolishing the ferries was " the Strahan- Zeehan Railway being completed there is no longer necessity for them . " Where does that come in ? The Big Henty ferry was established in response to public demand very long before Zeehan as a silver field had existence. From this hut (" Old Biddy's hut," as it was known) the men went forth who did their quota towards exploring the field, Barker, Greenwood, Balstrup, Nolan, Flanagan, and a host, and on it for a rendez- vous they fell back, when stores were out, and a needed rest could be afforded. Before this, before ii was an established ferry, from the time Conrad and his partner hewed its slabs, built (it never cost Government a copper) and stocked it by pack horse loads from their chartered craft to old Strahan, it has been the prospector's rendezvous and store- house. The present cottage is so still, and the country is not yet all explored, even though a 3ft. 6in. rail track, traverses a few miles of it. Quite independent of Zeehan traffic, there are as many people requiring to travel this way as there were before Zeehan was a centre of population, with this differ- ence : that nearly all now have horses with them and must, to have an always open road, have the use of the punts kept in proper order at both rivers. What about the very great additions to revenue from mineral sections to which this route leads, and all the people now (and to be) employed on them who need to travel it ? How does the .Zeehan line affect them ; the part north of the 10 40? The department must be very ill-advised or perversely ignorant of what is wanted. If economy is the card, begin at the top. It has during the 12 months past spent thousands on useless surveys for railways and roads in connection with this coast, and the number of colonels, captains, lieutenants, cadets and trumpeters in the army running the Zeehan line in proportion to the privates is appalling. All are not directly in Govern- ment employ, but it is certain all have to be paid by the taxed. It's a rough simile, but opposite, viz., that of a fabled dairy farm stocked with 40 bulls and a cow. Economy in a needed ferry subsidy, save a £ in horsefeed, leaving ferry, punts, boats, and gear valued at over £200 to the mercy of the vandal who, by one knife cut, may let them go down stream and to sea, losing a horse that must have cost £30, to save a few shillings in assistance to cross a ferry : economy ? How differently people manage their own concerns ! Will our hon. member note these matters for close examination into on his near projected tour. It is no use for any one to try to set the Works Department right, or to save it from humilia- tion, except by appeal to public opinion, and thus focussing common sense on it in hope of an odd ray penetrating. The hon. member if he visits Strahan, Henty, Remine and Heemskirk, will get an ex- pression of the need of keeping this route open to convey to Davey street building, graveyard end. 