THE RETIRING ADDRESS. Aftkii sojne preliminary remarks ex pressing gratitude to God, and 'to his brethren for much kindly sympathy and help ' during his term of office, the President' said : — ' ' ' My Dear Brethren, — As we gather here to-night we have again to look ? around and, with bowed heads and sad hearts, we note the empty seats of fathers and brethren who have been -called away from their work hero to nobler and higher service in heaven. I s;iy nobler and higher service ; but I doubt the truthfulness of my own, words when I utter them, for after all can there be any nobler or any higher service than this in which we are engaged now? We, are ambassadors for Christ — God -Himself hath called us to the work ; ?Christ. Himself is our fellow labourer, ? and has associated us with Himself in 1 lis great work, and is saying to us as He said to His disciples, We must do the work of Him that sent us whilst it is day. We may have other service to do in heaven, a service in which it may be that praise will form a higher relative part than preach ing, prayer, and work do now, but it will not, r think, be a higher service ? than this to which God has called us when He sends us to seek and to save that which was lost. One of our brethren was summoned to his service above almost as soon as he .'had received from us his appointment to labour, here. God's thoughts are not ?our thoughts, nor His ways our ways. We can only comfort ourselves with the ? assurance that he whom we thought worthy to do God's work here on earth, was by Him deemed worthy of another ?service in heaven. And then, after one of the youngest recruits had answered to the call, the ?rank and file of younger men were passed over, and two of our old veteran soldiers were summoned from the ranks in which they had fought so well, to ?ivceive the victor's crown in heaven. 'The record of tlvir service is all too little known by the younger men of these days. Australia has changed ?rgreatly since the days when George Pickering, and r John Bowes travelled the almost unknown, jtracks of the sparsely settled . districts* of New South Wales', riding weary miles in the dreary soli tudes of the Australian bush to preach Christ to the solitary settlers, and form ing circuits which have so grown that we, who are their successors, find them more than; sufficient to tax our best energies, even when divided amongst many workers. I have no hesitation in saying that the labours of men like those who have left us, and Father Wilkinson who, is still with us, are worthy to be recorded, in the same pages which tell of the labours of the early Methodist preachers in England and the Saddle Bags pioneer preachers in America. We, at , all .: events, are grateful for their work, revere their memories, and glorify God in them. And then, as the year passed on, one of our leaders was taken from us when William Kelynack was called away, and we were bowed down under a great sorrow. Into how many hearts did the question come, Why hath God thus dealt with us ? Why are we thus bereft 1 Why is one removed almost in the prime of manhood and in the fulness of his ripened powers when such men are so much needed in the Church and in the world ? Let us be wise men and say, we cannot tell. God hath his mysteries of grace, Ways which; we cannot tell, He hides them deep like the secret sleep Of Him He loved so well. We would give to our loved ones more work for the -Master, more 'battles to fight, and more victories to win. We would wish still to -hear the thrilling words of William Kelynack, and long to feel still the warm grasp of .his hand in our human, friendship, but God, who is wiser and kinder than we, '? He giveth unto His beloved sleep.' It is a trite but true saying, .that God buries His workmen but carries on His work, and- we who remain have to accept the responsibilities and dutics-of the position in which He has placed'us, to takrt the charge of the flock'over which the Holy Ghost hath made us overseers, and every Conference is, as it .were, a standpoint iirom which we review the past and plan out our future .work. , Let us see '? ' ' IIOAV WR STAND TO-DAY as a' Church compared with our position ten years ago I have not the retuins of the census for 1891, but take 'the Government statistics for the previous ten years, that is, from 18S0 to 1890. 1 During that period the population of the .colony has increased from 757,261 in 1880, to 1,140,000 in 1890, or about. 50 per cent, in the ten years. The increase of attendants at our services during the same period is 75 per cent., so that we have more than kept pace with the increase of population. A comparison of the government returns in the case of the four largest denomiiia.^ tions in the colony gives the following result : — A verac/e attendance of Worshippert. 1880\. 1890. Increase. Church of England 73,700 80,700 9i per cent. Koman Catholic 09,400 92,100 325- per cent. Presbyterian 21.450 32,400 50 per cent. .Wesleyan Methodist 35,:!50 01,800 75 per cent., nearly. From this it will be seen that in these, the largest of the denominations, the increase of the Wesleyan Church has been proportionately the largest. Of the total number attending Divine worship in 1880, viz., 221,920, our Church then comprised 16 per cent, of the whole. In 1890 the returns give 314,979, of which our proportion is about 20 per cent. The average attendance of scholars in Sunday- schools in 1SS0 was 72,400. -In 1890 it had increased to 121,900, or about 68 per cent, increase. Our returns in 1890 were 21,500, or more than 17 per cent, of the whole. These returns are, to some extent, very encouraging, and give a most un mistakeable answer, both to the scoffers from without and the pessimists in our own Church. They inspire in us feel ings of gratitude for God's goodness in the past, and also impresses upon us a deep sense of the great responsibility, which rests upon us to-day. ' ' . .For, after all, brethren, it is not by the increase represented by figures and statistics that we can fully estimate the measure of our success, or justify our selves before God and before the world as having done all that was our duty to do. And so we have to ask ourselves the question, Has this progress been at tained by any sacrifice of what were once called the distinctive doctrines of Methodism, or by any radical change in our Methodist polity 1 And, again, has even this measure of progress been commensurate with the powers which we possess as a Church 1 To the first question, I venture to answer' No. That there have been MODIFICATIONS IN OUR POLITY '' no one will deny, and there are many who hold that we were too slow in making them, and that perfection of polity has even yet not been attained. These changes were necessary, from the changed conditions of life and thought, and more may yet be found necessary ; but the doctrines which are preached to-day from the pulpits of Methodism, are the same truths which our fathers preached, though, in some minor details, old truths are believed in and preached as they are seen .by the new light of modern criticism and advanced science. We, as Methodists, still hold firmly to the great central truths of Christianity, because we believe that the ever present Spirit of Truth is still guiding all who desire to do the will of God into a full knowledge of all doctrine, and we have as yet not been taught by that blessed Spirit that we ,are in error, whilst we trust that we are being guided, step by step, to higher heights than we once stood upon, and to more blessed Experi ences of, the Divine life, by a fuller knowledge of God, and a more vital union with Him! We may, perhaps, estimate better the importance, or non-importance, of these changes, if we ' consider briefly some of the characteristics of modern Metho dism. -~-ne great characteristic , of Methodism which we still retain is, THE POWER OF ADAPTABILITY to changing circumstances, and to. the requirements of all classes' and peoples, without any organic change in doc trines or in polity, and it is one of the best signs of the times that this power of adaptability, and the necessity for it, is becoming more clearly recognised and felt. ' We do it because our fathers did it,' is often the only reason which a sav age can give in explanation of some .foolish custom or habit, and it is one of 'the signs of advancement when old cus toms and old notions of all kinds are brought under the criticism of reason, and discarded, modified, or retained, in accordance with its judgment. The spirit of the present age .is utterly opposed to the tyranny of mere custom, and the desire for mathematical uni formity, and modern Methodism mani fests the effects which that spirit has exercised upon it. No attention is paid in these days to innovations, which grievously distressed our forefathers. It is not so long ago that our own Confer ence officially mourned, almost with tears, over the fact that more than two lines of the hymn were read at one time,, and earnestly directed all superintend ents to prevent this growing evil in all our circuits, and see that the hymns were duly ' lined,' and yet now some of those same men listen with beaming smiles to an anthem by the choir, a solo from Sankey, or to a brass band and a big drum, and evidently enjoy them all. Only a few years have gone by since a razor was regarded- as an indispensable part of a preacher's outfit, and it is ludicrous to think of the dismay with which some past Conferences would have viewed a brother who had dared to out rage its feelings by allowing his beard to grow like other men. As a matter of fact, no one durst venture on the rash act, until William Taylor, of Cali fornia, came and showed, as it never-had been showed before, that the possession of a big beard was not inconsistent with soul -saving power. Lay representa tion in Conference,;'and the proposed ex tension1 of the. terrh;'' of ? the Itinerancy, are'&lso; pi-'oofs'tliat- 'Methodism can, and does; readily adapt' itself to changing circumstsnees in ? carrying on its great work. In these days, too, men recognise more fully than they once did that a strong vigorous life must be expressed by some freedom of growth, and our Methodism has felt the influence of this spirit We do not now try to mould all men into cast-iron moulds. In our own home land, it used to be thought that the beauty of landscape, gardening consisted, in a great measure, in clipping and trimming shrubs and trees to hideous caricatures of pea cock's and urns, but these are now ra garded as relics only of a barbarous age. The pruning-knife is still used, but only to rewtrain the useless erratic growth of the young tree, or to promote its fruit fulness. Methodist polity and disci pline are much in accordance with these' improved ideas,. , both with regard to preachers and people. The one essential is life, truespiritual life, that which we often term by that beautiful phrase, ' Vital Godliness,' a living likeness to God. This life is from God ; we cannot give it, we can only conserve it and strengthen its growth. In doing this, however, we feel more and more that it is not necessary that this life should be trimmed into the shape of a Mebho dist Peacock, or a PresbyterianUrn. Nor do we feel it right that we should put any man on a pedestal, and say, That is the man to whom all should conform, even though that man be John Wesley, ? John Knox, Dr. Parker, or General Booth, or one of the grave and reverend seniors on the platform, jyv even one of the younger men who diffuse 'sweet- ness and light' from the floor of the Con ference. So again in our modes of work we are recognising more fully than we once did that men of differing temperaments, and widely different from each other in their intellectual tastes and studies, may each in his own way be doing God's work, and have God's blessing on his labour. I do not care to mention names, but surely no one -will question. the good work which is being done by- our1 Cen tral Mission, any more than he will question the good which was effected by men like Joseph H. Fletcher and Wil liam Kelynack, and yet the men, the methods used, and the sermons given are and were widely different. God has given divers gifts to his servants, and all gifts and all talents are to be, and may be, used in His service. It will be the better for our church when the truth is more fully recognised by our people, as I believe it is recognised by our preachers. In all congregaHons there are men and women of wilely different mental characteristics and tastes, aud each one receives the truth the more readily as it affects him through those characteristics. One man is emotional, and is readily moved by an appeal to his feelings, which his reason also supports. Another man must first be reached through his reason and his intellectual powers before the emotional part is brought into earnest sympathy with the truth. We as a church recognise this fact, and Method ism finds a place for all earnest workers who in obedience to God's command are each . in his own way, and guided by God's Spirit, seeking to build up the great spiritual body of which He is the head. We feel more fully perhaps than we once did that ' there are diversities of gifts but the same Spirit. And there are diversities of ministration, and the same Lord, and there are diver sities of workings, but the same God who worketh all things in all ' (1 Cor. xii. 4-6) ; and that ' as every man hath received the gift, even so (we are to) minister the same one to another as good servants of the manifold grace of God ' (1 Pet. iv. 10). . ANOTHER FEATURE OF MODERN MISTHODISM is a more earnest appreciation., of the truth that the business of the church is to concern itself with all that affects man's welfare, either temporally or spiritually, that it has to do with the bodies as well as with the souls of the people, and that in so doing we are but following the example of Him who had' compassion on the multitude who had nothing to eat ; who would not send them away fasting lest they should faint on the way ; who went about all Galilee teaching in their synagogues and preaching the Gospel of the king dom, and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people, and who will say to those who have fed the hungry, clothed the naked, and visited the prisoners and the sick, ' Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.' We have always ac knowledged this great truth, but we did not I think see as wedo now the necessity for organisation as part of our church ? work in dealing with' the great facts of Poverty, Intemperance, Gambling, Sab bath Desecration, Social Purity, and all other matters which affect the well-being of mankind. This increased interest is due in no small degree to a deepening belief. in the great truth of the organic unity of man. I feel- very sorry that such a grand word as Socialism, ex pressing as it does a great truth, has become so perverted in its meaning ; for one of the great objects of Christian Socialism is to convince the world that there is a real identity in man, and that the command of our Lord that thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself, is one of the conditions of fulfilling the will of God. It is only as we fully re ? cognise the truth that love. to God must be accompanied by love to our fellow men, that we realise, the importance of all work, and all efforts for the welfare and happiness of our fellows. We are men, and all that concerns men is of importance to us, and everything that can repress the evils of intemperance and gambling, and which can purify and elevate our social life must form part of our church life and work. We do not however propose to do this merely by organisation. We hold, and hold' rightly, that in a changed heart is the only certain assurance of a changed life, but all means and all organisations * which will help to bring a man into conditions favourable for the reception of that greatest of all blessings, are not only allowable, but part of our bounden duty. There are, however, some dan gers which have to be guarded against, one of which is that some enthusiasts seem to put the means above the 'end, the organisation above the object to be attained, and that in our love to our organisations, and -our faith in their efficacy, we may sometimes forget the principles of charity which we ought to exercise towards those who do not see as we. see, or regard them with the same faith as we do. , . Another feature of our work- which demands -attention is the increased prominence which is given to , THE GREAT DOCTRINE' 0*1 CHRISTIAN' PERFECTION. ' ; ' This of course is no new doctrine to Methodists, but it is a1 cheering fact to find so many members of other churches joining with us not only in -the declara tion of their belief that it is ? the great privilege of every Christian man and woman, but also in our endeavours to attain it. ' ? '? ' ? - ' And yet, even in this, I think, we can trace the marks of an1 important modi licafciori in our' thoughts and practice. In the earlier days the most stress seemed to be laid upon the possibility and neces sity of attaining this great blessing by a simple exercise of faith such as re sulted in the conversion of a sinner, and the obtaining by him of the witness of the Spirit bearing witness with his spirit to his acceptance ; but 'now, whilst this is still believed, a greater prominence is given to the great truth that Christian perfection is simply the maturity of the Christian life,. and that this maturity is generally and naturally the result of development and growth. There may be, and in the majority of cases there is, a particular time when the possessor of this great blessing is made conscious of the fact just as in conversion from sin there are many who cannot point to the precise moment of their conversion, but whose whole life has been a proof of its reality and power, so with regard to this great blessing, there are many whose experience proves that the spiritual life in them, which is manifested by daily growth, development, and fruitfulness, has the same characteristics of uncon sciousness and mystery which distinguish the growth of all organic life. They know it in the power over sin .and the sanctification of all their powers to God, and we see it in the growth and develop ment of their Christian character, and in the fruitfulness of their life. As I sat- in the recent Convention from time to time, I felt strongly that we have made decided progress both in our definitions and in our mode of advo cating this great truth. When entire sanctification is declared to be, as being filled with the Spirit, as having the Spirit which was in Christ, also in us, as the state of the believer living in vital union with Christ, as thinking His thoughts and doing His works, as being so closely united with Him that we should be one with Him, as He was one with the Father, and manifesting that union by victory over temptation, and a life spent in doing good to the souls and bodies of men under the power of a love which never falters under revilings and persecution, it is to the Christian simply the. declaration of a truth, which Christ Himself has given us, and of a privi lege which every Christian maiv or woman may possess. I cannot well say that the attention given to FOREIGN MISSIONS constitutes any new feature in our work, as compared with past years ; but, I can and do express my thankfulness to God for the. great revival of Missionary enthusiasm- in many of our churches. This has been more marked in Victorian circuits than in our. own, but there is no lack of the true missionary spirit in New South Wales and Queensland. I shall have more to say upon this matter at other times and places ; but I feel that some notice should be taken at this, the first Conference since its establishment of the new mission to New Guinea which may now be considered as fairly begun. We, at all events, have gone there to stay, and in occupying that large dis trict, we declare in no uncertain manner our convictions, that our success in the older districts has been such as to justify our faith in the means and methods which God has so signally blessed, and that we still have faith that in doing God's work we shall have His blessing, and that men and means will be furnished as the exigencies of the work require them,by our people in these colonies, to whom our Foreign Mission cause is very dear, and who rejoice iii its success. Another featiue of our present position is the \- GROWING. DESIRE FOR UNION ' in all the Methodist chnrches' in1 these colonies. This, I think, has been con clusively shewn whenever the subject has been fairly discussed, and one of the mos't cheering signs of the times is 'the steady growth of opinion in its favour.' I know that all do' not see alike in this matter, but the differences- of opinion which exist are almost, entirely as to the practicability, and not against the de sirability, of the project. ' There are, no doubt, some difficulties' to be overcome, but that which has been effected in 'Canada can surely' be accomplished in Australia. During my visits to Canada a few years ago, I took the opportunity of enquiring into the success of the union ?there from several of our ministers, in cluding some of the most distinguished men from' the Primitive Methodist Church, and I also asked some of the prominent lay members of our Church, in Montreal and elsewhere, and in every case I was informed that the union had proved to be a grand success, and that all the difficulties which had confronted them in the beginning had been easily overcome. They told me that any pro position to revert to the old state of affairs, would scarcely find a single sup porter. During my visits to Northern Queensland, I felt deeply that our pre sent disunited position involves a great waste of men and money, and that our Church was not the power which it ought to be, and which it might easily become if the different branches of the great Methodist Church were united. On this matter we can only express our own individual opinion, and I, for one, hope to live long enough to see this growing desire an accomplished fact in this fair land in which we live. I have not been able to say much about that great (Ecumenical Confer ence, in whose proceedings we have all taken such a deep interest, but it is very significant that the most impressive Session which they had, and the one in which the greatest unanimity was ex pressed, was that in which this great subject of Methodist Union was dis cussed. In answering the question as to whether our progress has been commen surate with the. powers which we possess as a Church, we shall, I think, have to say that great as our progress has been, it might still have been greater. We have not done all that we ought to have done, we have nob done all that we might have done. I say this in no pessimistic spirit, or with any desire to find fault. The right use of success is to make us realise more fully the in creased responsibility which it entails upon us as well a.a to evoke our gratitude to God. I do not purpose to discuss in detail all the departments of church work in which, in my opinion, our pro gress has not been commensurate with our power ; but would just point out one or two departments in which there is, I think, room for improvement. I do not think, for instance, that we use to its full extent the services 'of the intelligent CHRISTIAN LAYMEN IN OUR CHURCH for the advance of Christianity, and for the good of humanity. I know that this. is a difficult: matter to deal with in the short time which can'be given to it in this address, but I feel that God has given us a power which we are not fully using, and that our neglect to use it to its fullest extent entails a grave respon sibility on us as a' CKu'rchj and 'is hinder ing the spiritual development of the men themselves. In what way this power can be utilised I do not attempt to show fully, but for the increased development of our Central Mission with its many op portunities for Christian usefulness ; for the preaching of the Gospel in hitherto neglected districts ; for open air services and for other plans which may be adop ted for the advancement of God's king dom in the world, some plans should be adopted by means of which the services of those who are ready and willing to work, should be utilised, and I hope that the scheme which Avas discussed at a recent Ministers' meeting in Sydney, or some similar one may soon be success fully established. In the advancement of OUR SUNDAY SCHOOLS / - there is .much to gratify us, but even in this department of our work there is something' to deplore. We rejoice in the success of our Sunday , ,. School Union, arid in the increase, of our num bers, but is there not a demand for teachers which^is'not met. ? Do' we not hear from almost every school a com plaint that it is ? extremely difficult to gee qualified teachers for'our senior and select classes. Do not we hear on all sides the complaint that - for this reason' our young men and young women leave the schools at the most critical period of their religious life? I know that there are honourable exceptions, - and I am glad of it. I went into a school a few weeks'ago, and saw one of our Members of Parliament sitting at the head of a fine class of young men, whilst a much younger man, but a very efficient Super intendent was in charge of the school, aiid I felt prouder of that member as he sat there than I do when I read the re port of his speeches, and the record of his votes in the daily papers, though they too are good. We can get Mem bei*s of Parliament easily enQugh, but what our schools need, and what our church can supply is men and women of' consecrated culture, who will give them selves to this great work. Our elder scholars leave the school in many in stances, not because they are tired of it, but because there is no adequate provi sion made for their growing demand for intelligent Christian education, because, in fact, there are so few of the cultured men and women in our congregations, . who will devote themselves to this great work of Christian instruction. The pity of it is that this instruction fails just when our young people are beginning to think for themselves, and when in daily business life they are brought into con flict with doubt, and into contact with those who scoff at the sacred truth which they have been taught to believe in. We as a church have need to say to the many qualified men and women amongst us, who then is willing in this way to consecrate his service unto the Lord? Then, I think, we do not exercise that power in THE POLITICS OF OUR ;C0UNTRY, which we ought, as a Church, exercise. I know that I am on dangerous ground here, but I do not intend, to discuss the relative merits of free-trade, protection, single-tax, or any of the burning ques tions of the day. There is, however, one point upon which we can all agree, and that is that our legislators ought in every case to be men whose life, charac ter, and motives are pure, and who will use the influence and power which we delegate to them, that this fair land may be governed in accordance with the laws and precepts which are laid down for legislators and for people in the Word of God. There are great social, religious, and political questions upon which Christian men representing different opinions up on the fiscal policy of our country can all agree, and it ought to be the duty of eveiy Christian man to see that, so far as his influence can be used, only such men shall represent him in the councils of the country. We need to realise more than we do the sirifulness of indifference in the matter; I am no ad vocate for class representation, but Chris tianity knows no class or caste. Right eousness exalteth a nation no matter what its fiscal policy may be, and' we, who believe in the power of the Gospel of Christ to exalt and bless the nation, cannot with impunity be indifferent to the principles and life of our legislators. If we, as a Church, be determined that so far as our influence extends, we will have Christian men to- represent us, we shall only be discharging our solemn duty to God, to our country, to 'our selves. Whatever may be ' the different opinions held as to the propriety or otherwise of extending the suffrage to women, there is little doubt that if this were done, they at all events would not be indifferent to the great questions of Temperance,- Local Option, and Social Purity, arid would take' care so far as they were able that the men whom they sent to Parliament should represent them on these great matters. Some people are afraid of even mentioning the word politics in connection with' Church life,, and the words Political Parsou form a phrase for some men to' conjurs with, but T, for one, have no sympathy with such ideas. We are men arid we' are citizens, and all that concerns a man or that affects the land which '.'we love, must be of interest to us.-' No'one, I trust, believes that when Mr. ''Wesley said to his' preachers in the Twelve Rules of a Helper, ' You have nothing to do but to save souls,' that he ever intended it to mean that either preachers or people should neglect to use all lawful means to prombte-'and to advance the best interests of men and women every where both in temporal and spiritual matters. You will all naturally expect me to say that in my opinion we ought as a Church to do more for our Foreign Mis sions than we are doing now, and so to prevent any feelings of disappointment I will venture to say it. I do this be'i cause I know well the pressing claims of ?our old districts, and the great extent ? and dense population of the mission in New Guinea, where the board has ? entered upon, under the direction of God, and of our Church, and also be ? cause I feel that perfect loyalty to the ? command of Christ, and a daily mani festation of the spirit of self-denial and . ? self-sacrifice, which He demands are essential to the possession and develop ment of a true spiritual life. But I have other opportunities of advocating this great work, and I- would rather at this time urge on you, my brethren, and ? on our people, the necessity of increased effort on behalf of *OUR CHURCH EXTENSION AND SUSTEN- : . ? TATION SOCIETY, and also our Home Mission Fund. Many ? of our circuits do all that we can rea sonably expect them to do, but others ?again come far short, and those of us ? who have perhaps exceptional opportu nities of knowing the pressing needs of many of our dependent circuits, and Home Mission stations in the outlying districts of the colony, feel deeply that more vigorous and systematic help must be given if we as a Church do that which it is our plain bounden duty to ?do. And now, brethren, I close my year as President, and I will gladly transfer to my successor the responsibilities and duties of this high office. I have had a happy year, and I desire to thank you all again very sincerely for the great honour which you conferred upon me. I desire, also, to express thus publicly my gratitude to the ex-President and . -other senior brethren who have helped me, often by wise counsels and generous ?service. I ought also to say, that I ' have found that wise counsels and :Jnndly service are not confined to ex Presidents and grave seniors, for I have received both from some of our younger men who have not yet felt the weight of the dignities and cares of office. We may not -all see each other again rin-anbther Conference, some seat may be vacant when the roll is next called, some voice be no more heard in our ?councils, and those who gather together next year may long in vain for ' the touch of a vanished hantl and the sound , of a voice which is still,' but if we* are faithful to God, and do the work which He has given us to do, following the guidance of His blessed Spirit until the end comes of our earthly life, we shall ; yet meet again whea being made meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light,-, we shall each receive His welcome, and shall dwell together with Him to go out no more for ever. 'The address, which occupied just fifty minutes, was' received with warm ap plause, after which the Conference pro ? ceeded at once to the election of Presi dent. Omitting units, the following . was the result of the voting : — Charles ? Stead, 63 ; J. E. Moulton, 13. The Rev. Charles Stead was therefore ? declared elected, the total number of votes cast being S-J-. The Conference rose to its feet to welcome the Presi ? dent, while, in a few appropriate words,. ' the ex-President handed to him the Con ference seal and Bible, insignia of ' the important office- to which he had been ? elected. ? , The President received a most hearty ? greetiug from the large' assembly. After thanking the ex- President for his kind ' introduction, he tendered his hearty ac-' knowledgments for the handsome vote ' that had placed him in that honourable, yet responsible, position, and for the love and confidence it betokened. He wished he had gifts more worthy of the -office; but he could claim to 'be a truly loyal Methodist. His father, though 'trained in the Moravian Communion, was converted under the preaching of 'Bramwell and Stoner. He had been cradled in Methodism, and felt it was ?the highest dignity to which he could aspire to be a faithful Methodist ?preacher. He hoped we should have a ? Conference this year that would be marked by great spirituality. If all de sired and sought after a Pentc ?costal season, we should have it, and during the year hundreds and thousands would be turned to God. The President then bespoke the prayers of the whole Conference, and the punc tual and prompt attention of all the ministers to the business that would coiue before them, that the work might be got through with due despatch. The election of secretary was next taken, the highest votes being : — Rev. W. H. George, 35 ; Rev. J. E. Car ruthers, 23 ; and Rev. J. Woolnough, 12\. Mr. George . was declared duly elected, and very briefly acknowledged the vote. The Rev W. Clarke gave notice that he would move on the first day of the Representative Session, ' That the thanks of the Conference be accorded to the Rev. George Brown, for the great courtesy and ability with which he has discharged the duties of President dur ing his year of office.' As the hour was now late, being past ten o'clock, further business was left over, and the Conference adjourned. 