LVEILED TEACHING OF JESUS. {By Rev. SPEDnnfG Hail.] There is no doubt that Jesus Chnstrs mode of teaching caused surprise and much per plexity to His hearers. It troubled both the Jews and the disciples that they did not seem able to prevail upon Him to speak plainly. 'ThiB is a hard saying, who can hear it?' was the exclamation of many who apparently were favorably inclined toward Him. ' What is this that He faith J— we cannot tell what He saitb,*' said .Hi« disciples. His words caused a, division among the Jtws. Many said, ' He hath a flevil and ie mad, why hear ye Him?' Others perolexed enough yet said, *' These are not the sayings of one possessed of a devil.3' At length, impatient of this ambiguity, the Jews gathered round Him and said, 'How long dost Thou hold us in suspense? If Thou be the Christ, tell us plainly.' 'Why speakest Thou ?unto them (the people) in parables ?' said the puzzled disciples; they themselves requested to have a parable explained. ' Declare unto us this parable.' Not unfrequently it is said, 'They understood nob that saying;' some times it is added, ''And they were afraid to ask Him about that sajing.' They followed Him wonderingly, attracted by something in Him which they could hardly define; they followed Him until they came to love Him, still they did wish that He would speak plainly and speak no more proverbs, hard sayings, or parables. And now, when His ministry is drawing to a close, they think He really has, for the firsb tune, apoken plainly. How eagerly and with what pleasure do they hail His words! What a sense of relief does their exclamation convey! 'Lo, now speakest thou plainly and speakesb no proverb . . Now know we . . by this ?we believe.35 Their pleasure ab this supposed plainness of speech amounts to an unconscious rebuke of His former mode of speaking. Jesus admits His ambiguity. ' These things have I spoken unto you in' proverbs,' Language is said to be the garment of thought. A very good definition; only we must remember that while a garment clothes it aleo conceals. Into evtry word that we use something has crept that we do not suspect, or something has gone out that we believe still remains. They come to us, some of them, in cad condition, with their original meanings all torn out of them, charged with other mean ings, and if we use them without a knowledge of their life-history, as if nothing bad happened to them in the course of it, we convey wrong impressions and arrive at false conclusions. Some of them come to us with an accumulation of power gathered during what I may call their life, just as is the case sometimes with a man_ who_ being nobody of importance to begin with ends by making his name a trumpet call to duty, a name to conjure with, a name that shall stand for a move ment, a nation, an age. They come to us colored also with all kinds of associations, beautiful or otherwise, which belong to a distant past, and if we use them ignorant of all this we know not what we may be doing. It is -very -difficult indeed to know precisely how much or how little there is in the words which we constantly use as fixed and definite and adequate expressions of thought. But now, suppose that we could strip Sem of all that they have accidentally acquired, or restore to them all tnat Oml^hvb- lost; suppose that we could see' them uncolored by associations see them, shall I say, 'plainly.' What then? Then we should only.|ee them strugghng to «ay what cannot be said. First of all, there is no wor4-wbich fully covers its meaning ; it is onlyiSgn or an' image of the thought more or MOnfufl, secondly, it conveys something false w well as something trne-aU images do that and we have to allow for it j but if we use votds as jf they adequately expressed the thought of which they are only the. signs Or images, and make no allowance for what is false in them, we shall be gore to use them wrongly and harmfully. Then again, we ourselves, in the use of ?words, put something of our own into them. Feeling roakes too little of them and says too much ; logic makes too much of them and says too little. Logic is to be distrusted more than feeling ; the latter assumes that we shall be on the alert to make allowances, modify, or sup plement, until -we catch the spirit of what is said ; the former tells you that there is nothing that need^ keep you on the alert, it lulls you to sleep by assuring you that it will be exact, that it -will do everything for you and leave you nothing to do for yourself ; and it exercises itself upon subjects which are surrounded by mystery as if th^y were perfectlyplain, definite, measmable ; whereas they are infinite beyond what eye hath seen, or ear heard, or the heart of man conceived. No, it is not easy to speak plainly. What is a word, a sentence, a book, a library? What are all libraries?' A mere peep into the inexpressible. The best writers know this, and are not surprised if they find their most important things out in between the lines, and the best readers soon learn where to look for them. The best speakers know this, and feel when all is done that they have left their most impressive thoughts unspoken because they are unspeak able. However, the best hearers understand perfectly well, perhaps better than if they had been spoken. The poets know best how to use language. They often express their moat icexpressible or evanescent thoughts by means of repugnant or somewhat paradoxical epithets ; as, for example, Coleridge when he sayt — Tbe sti ly murmur of tlie distant sea Tells lit oi silence.' The belief that it is easy to speak plainly on these great subjects is at the bottom of nearly all the mistakes which divide men in religion, and it may be added, of nearly all the scepticism which has ever existed. 'I came forth from the Father,' said Jesus Christ. That is enough; it is a worthy, a giand explanation of Him, but we cannot get behind it, and those who profess themselves able to get behind Christ's statements, and dogmatise about what they can know so little of, netdlessly divide men, and mostly, after all, over mere words. Christ's words are like fixed stars shining out all the more brilliantly be ca-use of the darkness out of which they shine ; we can guide ourselves by them. 'TI19 way faring man, though a fool, need not err.' The gospel is the 'light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ,' but, as one has well observed, 'that face stands out from a background of mystery ;' those who think it perfectly easy to penetrate that mystery do more harm than good. Neither would there have been so much agnosticism if there had not been too much gnosticism, using the word in its etymological sense. Agnosticism is the reaction caused by the Christian's dogmatism on matters that do not admit of it. It has been elevated to the dignity of a creed, and is able to put on an ap pearance of modesty, to rebuke Christians, because they have not been modesb enough. Jesus Christ's proverbs, hard sayings and parables are infinitely preferable and more piofitable than any man's dogmatism There were good reasons, we may be sure, why Jesus spoke in proverbs or parables. One reason eeems undoubtedly to have been that He did not intend any one to have His truth who did not think it worth while taking some trouble to find it. Speaking to men whose hearts were in different moral condi tions Jesus found the parable precisely fcuited to His purpose. There is in the parable a mixture of light and darkness; while it reveals, it also conceals. Fuller aptly compares it with the Sery cloudy pillar which gave light to the children of Israel, but was a cloud of darkness to the Egyptians. Those whose hearts were morally fit to see the light, who cared to spo it, Eaw it. Those who were indifferent could make nothing of it. To them it was all dark. What we are, that we sea. By the light within us we discern the light without us in whatever form it may be pre sented. With darkness within, a man dis cerns nothing. 'To him that hath shall be given, and from him that hath not shall be taken away even that -which he seemeth to have.' Hearts which have ' waxed gross,' 'seeing, perceive not, hearing, under stand not.' Jesus never gave to those who could not and eared not to receive ; therefore He spoke in proverbs, hard sayings and parables, stimulating some to dig as for bidden treasure, while that which was meant to stimulate only discouraged others. Another reason was this— a parable best preserves the truth which was needed for after ages. There was a seed of truth in the parable which would go on unfolding, but the blade appearing first caused the confu sion in the minds of the disciples before alluded to. The blade, however, preserved the ear. What the sun and the rain and the soil are to tV e grain so have been the times and the neces sities of men to the parable. Every genera tion has found something in it to help it, and doubtless we have not exhausted all its mean ing; there is yet something hid in these parables which other times and other needs will develop for other generations. The parable preserved the truth until men were prepared to see it, until they needed it, until they sought for it. A third reason was, as I have pointed out, the inadequacy of language. Jesus could not help Himself; for language fails to make ' plain' the Father, and He was obliged to content Himself with proverbs, hard sayings, bioken hints, and parables. Something beside larguage was needed. Much that He could not express in language He expressed in action ; but fctill it was net 'plain.' Much that He could not tell us in His life He told- us in His passion and His death, but still it ?was not 'plain' 'Darkness,' it is said, ' was over all the earth from the sixth to the ninth hour,' and for long enough after the meaning of Calvary was not *' plain.' To the Jews the cross was a stumbling-block, to the Greeks foolishness, to the disciples themselves for a time it was not ' plain ;' to them Jesus was a good but mistaken man who was dead and buried. Deeply disappointed, they said, ' We thought it had been He who should have redeemed Israel.1' It was not ' plain.' The resurrection told us a vast deal more, but still the hour had not come when Jesus should tell us 'plainly of the Father.' Tn that chamber in Jerusalem in which, by one accord, the disciples were assembled, by tie command of their Lord, to wait for the baptism of the Spirit, the 'hour' came. They were all filled with the Holy Ghost. Larguage fails to speak plainly and mumbles mere proverbs, confesses that that is all it is able to do even in the lips of Him who 'spake as never man spake.' Action fails, and is misunderstood ; ' even the cross fails to epeak plainly of the Father. There was something more in the cross of Jesus than it could say, something which the Holy Spirit alone could interpret. ' The Spirit of Truth'' came, and taking of the 'things of Jesus Christ declared them unto us' — took the proverbs, hard sayings, and parables, the life, pasEion, death, resurrection, and ascension of Jesus— bathed them in light, and Jesus is found speaking plainly of the Father. The disciples at once catch His meaning ; the past is illumined with a new and glorious light in wLich all that Jesus said and did are seen in their true relations and propor tions. Tbe Gospel message is grasped and preached with extraordinary power and efitet by men who, but a little before the 'hour came,' were ignorant, perplexed, almost accounting themselves as pub to shame by the death of their Master whom they had hoped would have redeemed Israel. The pro verbs have become 'plain.' And ever since that cay of Pentecost the Spirit has been lead ing us little by little into the truth, as we have been able to bear it, taking of the things of Jesus and declaring them unto us, speaking plainly, and ever more plainly, of the Father. We have made many mistakes, bat the Spirit woiking in the hearts of men is teaching them that— There's a wideness in God's mercy, Like the wideness of the sea ; There's a kindness in His justice, Which is more than liberty. But we make His love too narrow By false limits of our own, And we magnify His strictness With a zeal He will not own. There is no place where earth's sorrows Ara more felt than up in heaven ; There is no place where earth's failings Have such kindly judgment given. For the love of God is broader Than the measures of man's mind, And the heart of the Eternal Is most wonderfully kind. 