I \ADA THE LILY. I bf b: eider haggard. Copvbight, 1891, By H, Rider H Haggard. (ail bights reserved.) I CHAPTER XVII. b obwp0gaas becomes chief of the people of the axe. I Now. when Umslopogaas and Jikiza j,e Unconquered Bad come to the cattle' I kraal, they were set in ita centre and there were ten paces between them.. UmdopogaiB was armed with the great ekiield and the light moon-ehaped ass, Tibin carried the Groan-Maker and a Emaii dancing shield, and, looking at the I wRsnons of the two, people thought that I this atranger wonld famish no sport to I the holder of the axe. j I < He is ill armed,' said an old man, 'it I should be otherwise— large axe, small ield. Jikiza Is unconquerable, and the. I big ehieid will not help this long-legged I stranger when Groan-Maker rattles on . I the buffalo hide.' The old man spoke I thus in the hearing of Galazi the Wolf I and Gslazl thought that he spoke wisely, I and sorrowed for the fate of his brother. I Now, the word was given, and Jikiza ' I _.h.4 on TTmsloDozaae. roarine. for bis I rage was great. But Umslopogaas did I not stir till his foe was about to strike, I then suddenly he leaped aside, and as I Jikiza passed he smote him hard upon . I the back with the flat of his axe, making. I a great sound, for it was not bis plan to I try to kill Jikiza with this axe. Now, a I great shout of laughter went up from the I hundreds of the poopl", and the heart I of Jikiza nearly burst with rage because I of the shame of that blow. Round he I came like a ball that is mad, and once I more rushed st Umslopogaas, who lifted I his shield ti meet him. Theo, of a I sadden, just when the great axe leapt I on high, Umslopogaas ottered a cry as of ; I fesr, and, taming, fled before the lace of I Jikiza. Now once more the shout of I laughter went up, while Umslopogaas I fled swiftly, and after him rushed Jikiza, I blind with fury. Round and about the I kraaisped Umslopogaaa, scarcely a spear's I length ahead of Jikizt, and he ran keep- log h s back to the sun as much as might I be, that he might watch the shadow of I Jikiza. A second time he eped round, I while the people cheered tne cnase as hunterscheeradog, which pursnesa back. I Socanningly did Umslopogaas run, that, I though be seemed to reel with weakness bench fashion that men thought his ctrength was gone, yet he went ever faster and faster, d. awing Jikiza after him. Now, when Umslopogaas knew by the breathing of bis foe and by the staggering ofbis shadow chat his strength was spent, suddenly he made as though he were about to fall himself, and stumbled out of the path far to the right, and as be stumbled he let drop his great shield foil in the way of Jikizi's feet. Then itcame about that Jikiza, rushing blindly on, caught bis feet in the shield and fell heidlnng to earth. Umslopogaas' Saw, and swooped on bim like an eagle on a dove. Before men could so much as think, he had seized the axe Groan- Maker, and with a blow of the steel he held had severed the thong of leather which bound it to the wrist of Jikizt, and bad sprung back, holding the great axe aloft, and casting down his own weapon npon the ground. Now, the watchers saw all the canning of his fight, and those of them who hated Jikiza shouted aloud. But others were silent. Slowly Jikiza gathered himself from the ground, wondering if he were Btill alive, and aa he rose he grasped the little axe of Umslopogaas, and, looking at it, he wept. But Umslopogaas held up the great Groan-Maker, the iron Chieftainess, and examioed its curved points of blue steel, the gouge that stands behind it, and the beanty of its baft, boand about with wire of brass, and endiugin a knob of a stick, as a lover looke npon the beanty of his bride. Then before ail men he kissed the broad blade and cried aloud— ' Greeting to thee, my Chief tainess, greeting to thee, Wife of my youth, whom I have won in war. Never shall we part, thon and I, and together we Bill die, thou and I, for I am not minded that others should handle thee when I am gone.' Thus he cried in the hearing of men, then turned to Jikiza, who stood weep ing, becanBe he had lost all. 'Where now is your pride, O Un- couqnered V laughed Umslopogaas. 'Fight on. You are as well armed as I was a while ago, when I did not fear to atand before you.' Jikiza looked at him for a moment, then with a enrse he hurled the little axe at him, and, turning, fled swiftly towards the gates of the cattle kraaL Umslopogaas stooped, and the little axe sped over him. Then he stood for s while watching, and the people wuugoc tnat be meant to let Jikiza go. But that was not his desire ; he waited, indeed, till Jikiza had covered nearly half the space between him and the fitie, then with a roar he leaped tor pid, as light leaps from a crowd, and so fast did his feet fly that the watchers towcely could see them move. , Jikiza fled fast also, yet he seemed bob as one who stands still. Now lie reached 4he gate of the kraal, now there was .a rash, srnshof downward falling steel, and something swept past. him. ' Then,' be hold, Jikiza fell in the gateway of the rattle kraal, and all saw that he was' dead, smitten to death by that mighty vxroan-mairer, winch he and 4MB father bad held for many years. .'. , t A great about went up. from ; the c»wd of watchers when they knew that- Jikiza the Unconquered was .killed ;at; hwt, and there were many who halled Umslopogaas, naming him Chief and horde of the People if the Ax-. But, he sons of Jikiza, to the number of great men and brave,- cashed 'hn! Umslopogaas to kill him, Umslopogaas0 ton backwards, lifting up ths Groan- toaker, when certain counsellors of bhe P»ple flung themselves ..in between them, crying, " Hold 1" r?\ yonr law.yficaunBelire,'' Umslopogaas, th«t bavihg«wm- qnered the chief of - tiwipMplelSihe » I myself am chief : "Eist is -onr w_|ndB,!Siamert' e, one by one, with aU 'Who'come. Jpuatyou. So it wMln'imyfMheri1 wno, when the father of Mm who mow lies dead rule,' saidiUjfigopimaas.- !pNovs£ wlio is there whS-ffill mS|galnst;lneo do battle fosMigyubkaanrMaker 'and the chief tajjMhln 4)f raeHopleof -the' Axe I' Then all the "ten sons of Jikiza stepped foratTtt pMTnan,"";-or their hearts wekfemaa with WTathbecaUse of- the death of their father and because the chieftainship had' gonsy from . , their .race, so that in truth tney cared little If they lived or died. ButithBre .iwasr none besides these, for all men feared to stand).-, -before rUtnslopqgaas ;£nd; the. Ui&nsMfker.;,.-:-'; ;>V ; Umslopogaasoqunted Ahem. t,f There, are ten, by the head of Chaka !' he cried. ' Now, if I must fight all these one bv nnp. nri tinin tmi Ka f/i mo this day; to talk of tfte'jnatter of Masilo and of the maid bf : Zinita. Hearken What say yon, spus'/pf 'Jikiza the Con quered ? If I Undone :other to etand me in the fray, ami all ,bf you come on at once against as twiiin, ten against two, to slay ns" br'tobe" slain, will that be to your minds i' The brethren consulted together, and held that so they should be in better case than if. they wentnjp one by one. ' So be it,' they sai d, and the counsel- lors assented. . Now, as he fledjround and round, Umslopogaas had seen the face of Galazi, his brother, in the throng, and knew that he hungered to share the' figli'. So he called aloud that he whom he should choose, and who would stand back to back with him in the fray, if victory were theirs, should be the first after him among the People of the Axe. And as he called, he walked slowly do wn the Hoe scanning the faces of all, till be came to where Galazi stood leaning on- the Watcher. ' Here is a great fellow who bears a great clnb,' siid Umslopogaaa ' How are yon named, fellow?' ' I am named Wolf,' said Galazi. ' Say, now, Wolf, are yon willing to stand back to back with me in this fray of two against ten f If victory is ours, you shall be next to me among this people.' ' .Better I love tbe wild woods and the mountain's breast than the kraals of men and the kiss of wives, Axebearer,' have shown yourself a warrior of might, and to tasbe again of the joy of battle, I will stand back to back with you, Axebearer, and see this matter ended.' 'A bargain. Wolf !' cried Umslopogaas, and tbey walked side by side — a mighty pair !— till they came to the cmtre of the cattle kraal. All there looked on them wondering, and it came into the thoughts of some that these were none other than the Wolf-Brethren who dwelt upon the Ghost Mountain. ' Now axe Groan-Maker and club Watcher are come together,. .Galazi,' said Umslopogaas as they walked, ' and I think that few can stand, before them.' ' Some ehall find it so,' answered Galazi. « At the least, the -fray will be merry, and what matter how frays end ?' ' Ay,' said Umslopogaas, ' victory is good, bnt death ends all and is best of all.' Then they spoke of the fashion in which they should figli t, an d U mslopogaas ; looked curiously at the axe he carried, and at the point on its hammer, balanc ing it in bis haud. When be had looked long, the pair took their stand -back to back in the centre of ' the kraal, and people saw that Umslopogaas held the axe in a new fashion, its curved blade being inwards towards his breast, and the hollow point tnrned towarda the foe. The ten brethren gathered; themselves together, shaking their assegais five of them stood before Umslopogaas and £ve before Galazi the Wolf ..They were all great men, made .fierce with rage and shame. ' Now nothing except witchcraft can. save these two,' said a counsellor to one who stood by him. j, efct h ere isy irtuein the axe,'sna wered : the other, 'and for the club, it. seems that I know it : I think it is named Watcher pf tbe fords, end wofe to those, who stand before the Watcher. I my self have seen him aloft when I was youDg ; moreover, these are no cravens : who hold the axe and club. Tbey are but-Jads, indpgd. ypt Jfiey have, fhrqnk wulFs milk. Meanwhile, <an agedmati drew near' to speak the jvpnl nf onset it was thai. „ same man who had spt .out the lawio Umslopogaas. He most give the sigoai by throwing up a spear, and "when it struck the ground, then the fight should begin! The old man took theBpear ahd threw it, but his hand was weak, and he cast so clnmsilyihat it felt among the sons of Jikizt, who stood before Umslo- pogaas, causiug themto open up to let it pass between them, and -drawing the eyes, of .all; ten pf;thein'-.'to 'it. ' ; ;But Umslopogaas watched for the : ionching of thespear. only, being . .cardess iwhq.it touched. ._ Asthe poiut pfdt kiseed the earith, he-eaid ,aword,and lo rUmBlbpo- gwas; and, Galafi, not Hvfiting for the onslaught of the ten, as men had thought they, must, sprang..£orward, each At the line of fqes who were before him, ; While the. ten atiUstood confased, for, it' had been their! plan ; to attack, tbe Wolf- brethren were on them. Groan-Maker was' up, hut ks' for no 'great stroke.; He did'bnt peck, hs a ' bird pecks with - his -billeud yet a man dropped dead. The !iys(t Aer also was up, but hefell like a fauing tree, and-'WRs the - death- of one. Thdbgh.'the . lines of 'the feqpawed the Wplfrbrlhreii. in tbe , gaps that' each had tiiide. .' Shied tbey ttarnedi swiftly hnlard-wbrds 'abb . pier.gain ;; id-bas'Hshr pe«iedi iagain -the WabsberlbundeihuAAbTb UmslqpogaaB abd Halafi 'stood back.bo back anbanlthiRibebro'tbem 4ay lour I The oridanghtomi'lthelratorn'<wero so swift, wbat hsBBievenhhose of the eonsof JikizarWbyiwere;Ieft>ietared at each btbeV!3vrobdeilnjgi:i '-'Then they Kiihw IhSttheyJweibutifi Afor'ofOuy of them were'dSS! ; qf rage they rnshed hpon the pair from both sides, but in either - case one was the moSt,'JbMJlibtstepped the fime, was t? Ietdke at Mm on& lore Ms fellowB Umslopogaas drove Sat' him sritfr fds . .... .... . spearVbut he was not to bejeanght thus, fciche bent bis middle sideways, eo that CSeSpear only cut hiB"si7.;Bb as he !fwnt tapped with tlfc j»int,lnt<iu axe btithe bAd of thsjamitfieiaing death qb% Hixn; \- ' Yonfler.-oodpefeker -hti;S bill of fiteel,.and'he can tbe counsellor to him who-stobd by bim. '". "IMs'ls a Slaughterer Indeed,' the trian-answered, end the peoplebsard tbe names. Thenceforth they knew Um slopogaas as the , Woodpecker oij ,as Buialio, or tbe Slaughterer, and by' no other names. Now, he who came at Galazi the Wolf rushed on wildly, hold ing bis spear/ .short. Bnt . Galazi . was - canning fn war. He took ode etepfor- Ward; to meet him,, .then,, swinging. He Watcher backwards, he let him fall at the full length of arm and club. The a>h!tl 11 ' Ufc m HCAaJ k«a aIiiaI ht JMCnli uuuum lltwu uu quicui w «awu the blow, . hut tbe shield was to the Watcher What a leaf is to (he - wind. Fall on 'its hide the huge club fell, making a "loud sounds the war-shield donbled up like a raw skin, bind he 'who bore it fell crushed to the eaeSi.- Now "for a moment, -thefour'who were" left of the eons of Jibiza bovered round the pair, feinting at them from afar, but never coming within' Teach ' of axe or club. One threw a'spear indeed, and though Umslopogaas leaped aside, ana as it spea towards mm smote tne haft in two with the blade of the Groan- Maker, yet its bead flew on, ' wounding Galazi in the flank. Then be who had tbrowii the spear turned to fly,, for his hands were empty, and the others fol lowed swiftly, for the heart was out of them, and they dared to do battle with those two no more. Thus the light was ended, and from its beginning till tbe finish was not longer than the time in which men might count a hundred slowly. ' It seems that none are left for ui to kill, Galazi,' said Umslopogaas, laughing aloud. ' Ah, that wa< a canning fight i Ho ! yon sons of the Uacunquered, who ran eo fast, stay your feet. I give you peace ; you shall live to sweep my huts and to plough my fields with the other women of my kraaL Now. counsellors, the fighting is done, so let us to the chief'e hut, where Masilo waits us,' and he turned and went wi'b Galazi, and after him followed all the people, wondering and in silence. When he reached the hnt TTmJnnn- gaas sat himself down in tbe place where Jikizi had sat that morning, and the maid Zin ita cime to him with a wet. cloth and washed the wound that the spear had made. He thanked her ; then she would have washed Galazi'e wound also, and that was deeper, bnt Galazi bade her ti let bim be roughly, aa he would have uo woman meddling with his wounds. For neither then nor at any other time did Gal-zi turn to women, but he bated Zinita most of them ail. Then Umslopogaaa spoke to Maailo the Pig, who sat before him with a frightened face, saying, 'It seems, O Masilo, that you have sought this maid Ziiiita in marriage, and against her_-will, persecuting her.- Now, I had intended to kill you as an offering to her anger, but there baa been enougb blood-letting to-day. Yet you shill give a marriage gift to this girl, whom I myself will take in marriage: you shall give a hundred head bf cattle. Then get you gone from among the People of the Axe, lest a worse thing befall you, Masilo the Pig.' So Masilo rose up and went, aud bis face was green with fear, but he paid the hundred bead of cittle and fled to wards .the kraal of - Chaka. Zinita watched bim go, and she was glad of it, and because" tbe Slaughterer bad named her for his wife. ' I am well rid .of Masilo,' she said aloud, in tbe hea'ing pf Galazi, ' bnt I bad been better pleased to see him dead before me.' ' ' This woman has h fierce heart,' thought Galazi, ' and she will bring no good to UmsLtpogaas, my' brother.' Now the counsellors and the captains of the People of the Axe Jcomaei to bim whom they named the Slaughterer, doing homage to him as-chief end- bolder pf the axe, and also tbey diff homage to the axe itself. So Umslopogaas became chief ,over .this peopije, nod their, number was many, aud he grew ' great! "and fat in cattle and wives, and none dard to gainsay him. From time to time, indeed, a man ventured to 6tand op before bim in fight, but none could conquer him, and -in a little while no one Coiight to face Groan Maker when he lifted him self to peck- Galazi also ' was- great -among— the people, but -dwelt with them little, for best he loved the wild woods and the mountain's breast, and often, as of ojLd, he swept at night'across tbe forest and the plains, and the ho wl ing of the ghost1 wplves weot with him. / But. henceforth! Umslopogaas ','4be Slaughterer hunted Very, iareiy-with j|ge wolyes at night > he elept'at the side of bore him. children, CHAPTER-XVnr. THE CURES ' OF BAI£EA. i- TV Now, my, fatbei, my .story wiktls back again as' a river bends towards j its source, and I tell of those events jWnich happened at the king's kraal of Gtjia- maxego, which yon.'white'people joame Gibbeclack, the kraaL is . called ' Pick- out-'.he-old-men, for 'it., was- there .that Cbaka,;murdered all theaged who were unfit for war. . 'Affer'I, Mopo, had stood ' before -the king.end he had'givenme -new wives andTat cattle ana ja kraaL tb d well "in, the bones of Uoandi, (be Great Mother Elephant, ifptberyoffijie Heavens, we're gathered together from tba ashes pf my buts.andbecmtoallcpuld.nbtbsfoand, someof tfae bonesiof - iny! wi veE ;were cobectidajM'to jniakHjbpj,;iibe -iiainbjtt. But Chpka never knew flhi>.' ' Whenall werebronhi'iogeBier.'algrgat; dug /Pinesjmcgntjn 'order: :in the rot andbufiHjitxipragnp, for undthemwere placed twelvbrniaidens, otthe- aeroantoiiHnsmdC/iand'bese xnaidens y.wiib|tbei bones of u tuural, thw mfetrm More over, lTlfhewli\YepreBent at the graTO foFt'ejiitiS'® a year. They were I was one x/L them. Also Ghaka gave orders- thkio Ss sHSBia bdbownat year, ; that the mUkibtothewtows should be cjnlled fipon tiie ground, and that no woman should give birth to a . .child , for a' fall year, and that if any should dpre to bear .children, then that they should beblain and their husbands -with them. And this was done, my father, and great-sorrow came mponbhe JandoY, Thenfor-a- litfie while "> there 1 was quiet, and Cbaka went wbout heavily, and he wept often, andjwe who waited oh him wept alsp as e . wfiked, till at length it came abont by,, use -tbat . we could weep withoat_ ceasing for many, bpurs. No angr woman ran:'wcep;'a%- 'we wept in.thoseidayB,; it was. an iart,; my father, for the teaching of - whioh -I received many cattle, for , woe to him! -who had no tears in those days. .Then It was also that Ghaka— sent out the baptaln and fifty roldiej . jpearch for Umslopogaas, for," tboughb'e'sald nothT ing mora to me of this;. matter,, he ; did nhf. ItoKaira all flm tala (hah TrJiail. lalrl him of tbe death iff Umblopogaas inthe jaws-of ia lioo .and the dale of tirose Vhoj Were with me. . How' that;' company fared .at the handeof Umslopogaas mid, of Galazi the Wolf and atdbe fangs -of the people - black and grey, I bave told yob, .toy' tatber. NqhV'of tbem 'bver cimeback again. , In after, day alt was reported to the idng .bat'these abldiers were missing, never have retnrned, bnt i he only laughed, saying r"that' the' lion; which, ate Umslbpqgaas, sop of ' Mopq, was a uerce one, ana naa earen jXnem, also. _ V At hist came _tbe. night of the new moon, th?t rful nipt. |4> ielpUopred by a more dreadfuLinorrow! I sat in the kraal Of Chaka And. be put big - arm about my neck and -groaned _ and. . wept for bis mother, whom he. bad murdered, and I groaned also, bnt I did not Weep, : because it was dark, and on the morrow. I most weep much in the sight of the' ting and men. Therefore, I spared my tears, lest they shonld fail the .in my need. All night long the. people: drew on from every side towards the kraal, and, as they came in thousands and tons .of thousand", tbey filled the night- with their cries, till it seemed as though the whole world were mourning, and loudly. None might cease their crying, and mine dared to drink so much as a cop of water. The daylight came, and Ch-tka rose, saying, ' Come, let ns go forth, Mopo, and look on those who mnurn with us.' St «ie went oot, and after as came men armed with clubs to do the bidding of the king. Outside the kraal the people were gathered, and their nnmber was countless as the leaves upon the trees. On every side the land was black with them, as at times the veldt is black with game. When they saw the king tbey ceased from their howling and sang the war- song, then once again they howled, aud Chak walked among them weeping, Now, my father, the sight became dreadful, for, as tbe sun rose higher the day grew hot, and utter weariness came npon the people, who were packed together like herds of cattle, and, though oxen s'a-n in sacrifice lay around, they might neither eit nor drink. Some fell to tbegroundand were trampled to death, others t iok much snuff, to make them weep, others stained their eyes with saliva, others walked to and fro, their tongues hanging from their jaws, while groans broke from their parched throats, ' Now, Mopo, we shall learn who are the wizards that have brought these ills upon us,' said the king, ' and who are trne-hearted men.' As he spoke we came npon a man, a chief of reuown. He was named .. Zwaumbana, chief; of the Amabovus, and with him were his wives and followers. This men 'could" weep no more ; be gasped with thirst aud beat. The king lookedst bim. 7 ; ; _ ; ' See, Mopo,' he said, ' see that brute who has no tears for my mother who is dead 1 Ob, the monster without a heart ! Shall each as he live to look npon the Stan, while ! and thou must weep, Mopo? Never ! never 1 Take him away, and. all those "who are with him! Take- them away, the people without hearts, who do not weep because my mother is dead by witchcraft i' ' And Chaka walked on weeping, and I followed also weeping, but; the . chief Zwaumbana and those With bim were alL'sIaio by'Jthose .who do: the. bidding of the king, and the slayers also must weep as they slew. Presently .we -came upon another man, who, seeing the ting, took snuff secretly to bring' -tears to hU eyes. But tho. glance of Chaka was quick, and he noted it. ' Look at him, Mopo,' he said, ' look at the wiz ird whp has no trarp, though my .mother is dead by witchcraft. See, he takes snuff to bring tears" to his «yes that are' dry with, wickedness.' Take bim away, the heartless brute ! Oh, take bim away Y So (bis one also was killed, and these were; bat the i first of thousands, for preseutly Ohaka grew mad' with wick- ness, with frtry, and with the "lust of blood. - He walked :to and fro weeping, gufii£-,uy«v ouu atii mty un uuh tu drink beer, and I with bim, for he !said that we who Borrowed inust have food. And ever as he walked he wonld .wave his arm or his -assegai, saying, 1 Take ' them away, the heartless brutes, who do not weep' because biyr mother is dead,' and tjiose who chanced, to . sta/id before Ins -arm were till ed, till iit ; length . the .slayers : had ciiailed them, and they: had no more teari. And l also,1! mast Blay.lestif I slew not I should myself be slain. - And no, at length, tbe- people -also went -mad wrath their thirst and thefriry of their fear. They 'fellbpbn.efiibotber, — . .1. — .Ln. . .n.'Jn m n .. hd.-, Il - ll luituig ctwju. utuoi f cci| . u»u ' uy. ; ,a foe eonght bim -out and tiiled -biin. None were1 spared, -the plies was -hot ;; a hLmbnbl'j'tbiirobri'that 'day'died'fpll 'seven thousand inenj/ auailUibata walked - weeing. ;«moog\\. tbem, !: saying, \- Take them away,' the beartle3s rbrnltg, take theimaJYeJiiiathlw, th'e was enbhing in iis cruelty, for though befiestooyed jnai'y.dor--spnrtalon>,-dals he slew o;!,usfiayfal)ipw whom he hated or whom he feared. | «tn bank1red.that dayaUthey ..was likeiUodd,«nd blood ; wasil I Jth B fiax th ; benrathi"Unentbejrillmgceised, necrose drink, vengeance wss forgotten In the. sickness of my heart. 'A monrning- indeed, O.King,' I Skid, 'a merry monrning for true-hearted men, bnt for wizarda a moarningeuch as (bey do not love. . . I think that thy ' sorrow's are avenged; O Ririgtby sorrows" end mine also.' . . , - . . . . ... ' Nut so, Mopo,'. answered the ! king, - 'thiaia bnt the fieginning oar monrn ing was merry-to- day, it shall be merrier to-morrow' -j", ! 'Ihmbrrow, G- King, few will- he left to mohrn ;for(he lsqd will be swept of menJ . - < Why," Mopo, -son of Makedama ? Bnt a fewjiave peishedof aUhe;thousand8t whpare gathered,togethr' ."Number the; people and they will dot he missed.' 'But a few .hayedied beneath the assegal and . the kerry, O 'king. Yet hnn<MW aii fltiMh. aliatl fivtlelt fli a ovinn ' 'work.; ihstpeopie have, neither, eaten, nor drank for a 'day and . a night, and .for a'day tind a night theyhave wailed and moaned. Look without, Black One',; 'there tiiey lie in heaps with the -dead. By fo-morTOVa light they tdso' will 'he .dead or dying. ' 1 " \- Now; Chaka thought. awhile - and - he" 'sawthatjhhe; -wbrk.would go - too far, deaVing himhut -a'' Small 'people over - 'Whom tp.xple. , . .. . .- 'Ids hard; Mopo; he said, 'that thou ana 1 must monrn .alone oyer oar woes whilethese dogs feast and make merry. Yet, because of' the gentleness of my heart, I will deal gently , with them. Go oat, son .of Makeduna, and; bid my children eatand drink if they have the heai.t, for . this "monrning"; is; ended. Scarcely will Unandi, my mothor, sleep 'well, seeing that so little blood bad been shed upon her grave — surely her spirit will haunt my dreams. Yet, be cause of the gentleness of my heart, I declare this mourning ended. Let my ' children eat aud drink, if, indeed, they have the heart.' ' Happy are the people over whom such a king is set,' I said in answer Then I went oat and told -the words of Chaka to tbe chiefs and ciptains, and those of them who bad the voice left to tbem praised the goodness of the king. But the most gave over-sncting the dew from their sticks, and roshed to the water like cattle that have wandered five days in the desert, and drank their fill. Some of them were . trampled to uuauu IU wc waicr, . Afterwards I slept as I might best ; it was not welt, my father, for I knew that Ghaka was not yet' glutted with slaughter. On the morrow many of the people went - back to their homes, having sought leave from the king, others drew away the dead to tbe place of bines, and yet others were sentout in impis to kill each as had note me to the monrn ing of the ting. When midday was pa -sed,- Chaka said that he would walk, and ordered tne and other of his indunas and servants to walk with him. We went on in silence, the ting leaning on my shonlder as on a stick. « Wbat of thy people, Mopo,' he said at length, ' what of the Langeni tribe ? Were they at my monrning? I did not see tbem.' Then I -answered that I did not know, they bad been summoned, but the way was long and the time was short for so many to walk-so for. ' Dogs should ran swiftly when their master calls, Mopo, my servant,' said Chaka, and the dreadful light came into. his eyes that never shonB into the eyes of any other man. Then . I grew sick at heart, my father — ay, though I loved my people little,, and they had. driven me away, I grew rick at heart. Now we had come to a spot where there is a great rift of black rock, and the name of that :rift is UDonga-lu-ka- Tatiyana. - On either side of this rift the ground slopes steeply down towards its yawning lips, and from i's end a man may see the open country. Here Gbaka sat down at the. end of the rift, pondering. Presently he looked np and saw a vast .multitude of men, women, and children, who wound like a snake across the plain beneath towards tbe kraal Gibbmaxe;gcL 'Methinks, Mopo,' said the king, 'that by .the , colour of their shields, yonder should be the Langeni tribe — thine own people, Mopo.' . ' It is my people, O King,' I answered. Ihen Chaka sent messengers, running swiftly, aod bade them summon tbe Langeni people to him where he sat. Otiier messengers he sent .also to the kraal,;: whispering.. in their -ears, bnt what he said I did' not know then. .- Now, for a while, Rhaka watched tbe long black snake of men winding towards him across the plain till the messenger met them and :tite .snake began to climb the elope of she hill. ' Ho w ipany.are these people of thine, Mopo ?' asked the king. ' ' ' I know not,- O Elephant,' I ana werd, ' whohave hot seen them for many years. Pdr/thnnq -Himt nnmhsp thrM fall rmri. ments.' ' Nay,- more,- said the king ; ' what thinkest thon, Mopo, wonld thlB people, bf thinefill tbje , rift behind us?' .and he nodded at the gulf of stone. ; 'j .Now,, my father, L trembled in all my flesh, seeing the purpose of- Chaka ; hot T could find-no wbrd8 .'to' sayj for my liongne clove to the roof , of my moatb. 7 "' The people -are maoyd said Chaka, yet, Mopo, J bet .tbee fifty .head of cattle, that.r they will not..- fill the donga.' , " 'The ting is pleased. to jest,' I eaid. : tYea, Mnpo, i jest ; y«i as a jsst take 1 r 'r. iuuutuc ucu - As the king wills, I mnrmnred — who couldfcot refuse, - No w the people of my tribb drew near ; at their head was an hid man, 'with white hiir and. beard, and, father, Makedama.; -t-,, When .!he , came within harabot of ihe':kiiig,'he < gave him - the Jrqjp? rifitite bf Bayiit, and fell 'npon his tho king, praising him as he csme. _' A<I the thousands of the people' alo tell npon their hands - and knejpdprjiiseqtlie :hing albqd, and the sound »f i&u;>proieu. was like the "BwUOU- ill' iiuucwji,' 1 - ' jhaforejthe «?4aestyhf the king- 1 liChaka itntdehimtibei? add: greeted Shim ikindly ; h4tMlUiFWi6nfohaa,%1tfiff'i>ele lay ithemheade.1;, Wj j,,,,. ' Bise,TMiiedamk".my?diild,:fatiier of Sife'pbtpletSlhe fiahgeid,' said Ghaka, ' and tell me whyart thou latein coming to my inonrniugT . I'The way was far, O Eing,' answered Makedama, my - father, who did not .know me. ' The way was far, and the time short . Moreover, the. women and the children gtew: weary and footsore, and they are weaty in this hour,' j 'Speak not of it, Makedams, my child,' eaid the king. . 'Surely thy heart mourned and that of thy .people, and soon they shrilrost from thelrWe'ariness." j ' Every hn«i G'Eiephant !— snone are ' wanting. My kraals are desolate, the cattle wander nutended on the hlllB, buds pick at theiiiigttBrdeid brops,' j " It is well, Makedama, thou faithful servant!. Yet thou wonldBt mourn with . mie an hour — is it not so ? Now, hearken! Bid thypepplepast to the right and to the_ tep or me, and stand tn.all their nnmber" npon the slopes of the grara that run dowh to the lips bf the Tift.1 -'; j So Makedama, my father, bade tbe people do the bidding at the ting, for neither he nor the indunas saw bis pur pose, but I, who knew his wicked heart, Tjeawit. Then the. people filed past to the right and jto. the left by faundredB b? the slopes could be seen fio' more, becansecf theirjinmber. - -WhenalLhad passed, Chaka spokeagainto Makedama,' my father, bidding him climb down to the bottom cf tbe riff, and thence lift up his voice in mourning. The old man obeyed the ting. Slowly, and with mnch pain, he clambered to the bottom of the rift and stood there. ' It was so deep and narrow that the light scarcely seemed to roach to where he stood, for I conld only .see tbe white of his hair- gleaming far down in the shadows. TheD, standing far beneath, he lifted np his voice, and it reached the thousands of those who clustered upon the elopes. It seemed still and small, yet it came to them faintly like the voice of one speak ing from a mountain-top in a time of snow — ' Monrn, children, of Makedama !' And all the thousands of the people — men, women Rnd children — echoed his words in a thunder of sound, crying— ' Mourn, children of Makedama ! Again he cried — ' Mourn, people of the Langeni, mourn with the whole world !' \- Aud the thousands answered — ; ' Mourn, people of the Langeni, monrn with the whole world !' A third time came his voice — . Mourn, children of Makedama, monrn people of the Langeni, monrn with the whole world ! Howl, ye warriors ; weep, ye women ; beat yonr breasts, ye maidens ;eob. ye little child ren ! ' Brink of the water of tears, cover your selves with tbe dnst of affliction. Monrn, O tribe of tbe Lsngeai, becan&e; the Mother of the Heavens is no more. ' Mourn, children of Makedama, because the Spirit of Frnitfolness is no more. ' Monrn, O ye people, because the Lion of tbe Zoln ia left desolate. ' Let yonr tears fall as the rain falls, let your cries be as the cries of women who brinz forth. ' Jfor sorrow is fallen like the rain, the world has conceived and brought forth death. ' Great darkness is npon us, -dsrknesa and the shadow of -death. 1 Toe Lion of the Zulu wanders an-1 wanders in desolation, ' because the Mother bf the Hearens is no more. Who shall bring him comfort ? There is comfort in the crying o( his children. 1 Moure, people of the Langeni ; let the voice of yonr monrning beat against the skies and rend them. ' ou-ai ! on-ai i Ou-ai i' : Thus sang the old man, my father Makedama, far down in the deeps of the cleft. He sang it in a still, small voice, bnt, line after line, bis song was canght up by the thousands whp; stood on the slopes above, aod thundered to the heavens till the mountains shook -with its sound. Moreover, the' noise of their crying opened the bosom of a heavy tain-cloud that had gathered as ' tbey mourned, and the raio fell in great slow drops, as thongh the sky also wept, aod with the rain came lightning and the roll of thnnder. Ghaka listened, and large tears coursed down bis cheeks,- whose heart was easily stirred by the sound of soug. Now the rain hissed' fiercely, makiog as it were a curtain aboht the thousands of people. ; bat still their cry went up through the rain, and the thunder was lost in it. Presently there ca ne a busb, and I looked to the right. There above the heads of ' the people, . coming over the brow of the hill, were the plumes of warriors, and in their hands gleamed a hedge of spears. I looked to the left ; dimly through tbe falling rain there also I saw the plumes of warriors, and in their hands a hedge of spears. I looked before me towards the end of tbe cleft ; there also loomed tbe plumes of warriers, and in their hands was a hedge of spears. Then from ail the people there arose another cry, a cry of terroraod of agooy. ' Ah ! now they monrn indeed, Mopo,' said Chaka in my ear ; ' now thy people mourn from the heart and not from the Ah be spoke the multitudes of the people ou either side of the cleft surged forward like a wave, surged back again, once more surged forward, then, with a dreadful cry. driven on by the meroilesB spears of the soldiers, they began to fali in a torrent of men, women, and children, far into the black depths below. \- ' My father, forgive me the tears that fall from these blind eyes of mine ; I am very aged, lam bnt as a little child, and as a little child I weep. I cannot tell it At last it was done, and all ctlll ' JJIC oviu. ; Thus was Makedama buried beneath tbe bodies of his people, and thus was ended the tribe , of the Langeni; as my mother had dreamed, so it came about ; and thns did Chaka take . vengeance for that cap of milk" which, was refused to him raaoy & year before. - .'Thou hast not won thy bet, Mopo,' said the king presently.. 'See , here is a little space where one more may find room tqleap, Full to. the brim fa this cornrchamber frith the earsof fimitb, in whicli no living grain is left. "Yet L«a am JiH-Ia amm tiil la JLsm nnf. WEIU; HO VU -ZUnim CNHTO| «ilMa ,WUMI w »»»« iqhe to filMt? : Are 'all the tribe . ofthe Langeni ti|ead indeedi' 7 '-f - ; 7 .' There .in Wei O King 3' I answered, of tihe tribe of; the Langeni, let :my_qircaW W'We pW6-'' >1":: - \- ' Nay, MqW'Ttoyii" Wbothenslidald: takers it ? ' 'MorebvM;,; I (day ithee j notj for it ia W&taBt; ! my 'oath!; Also, I do we notinourn together, fhoii aud If! ' 'There is no otiier left living of the tribe of the Langeni, O Ring! The -bet is lost ; it shall be paid.' 'I thinkthat there is another,' said Chaka. 'There is a sister to thee and me, Mopo. Ah, see, she comeB !' - I looked np, my father, and I saw tins : I eaw Baleka, my sister, waiting towacds us, and oh her sbonlders was a kaross of wild-cat skins, and behind her were two soldiers. She walked prondiy, holding her head high, and her step, was like the step of a queen. Now, she saw the sight of death, for the dead lay be fore her like black water in a sunless pool ' A moment she stood shivering, having guessed all, then walked on aud stood before Chaka. ' What is thy will with me, O King ?' she said / ' Thou art come in 8 good hour, sister,' said Chaka. tnrnine his eves from hers. ' It is thus : Mopo, my servant, and thy brother made a bet with me, a bet of cattle. It was a little matter that we wagered on— as to whether tbe people Of the Langeni tribe — thine own tribe, Baleka, my sister — would fill yonder place, trDong«-lu-ka Tatiyana. When they heard of the bet, my sister, the people of. the Langeni hurled them selves into the rift by thousands, being eager to pat the matter to the proof. And now it seems that thy brother has . lost flia Lab .InofhoM is tial nln/ifi fs\m am a yonder ere the rift is full. Then my sister, thy brother Mopo brought it to my mind that there was still one of the Langeni tribe left upon the earth, who, should she sleep in that place, wonld turn the bet on bis favour, and prayed me to send for her. So, my sister, as I wonld not take that which I have not won, I bave done so, and now do thou go apart and talk with Mopo, thy brother, alone npon this matter, as once before thou didst talk when a child was bom to thee, my sister !' Now, Bileka took no heed of the words of Chaka which he Bpoke of me, for she knew his meaning well. Only she looked bim in the eyes and said — 'III shalt thou sleep from this night forth, Chaka, till thou comest to a land where no eleep is. 1 have spoken.' Cbaka saw and heard, and of a sadden he quailed, growing afraid in his heart, and turned bis head away. 'Mopo, my brother,' eaid Baleka, ' let us speak together for the last time ; it is the ting's word.' bo X drew apart with Baleka, my sister, and a spear was in my hand. We stood togsther alone by tbe people of the dead, and Baleka. threw the corner of the kaross about her brows and spoke to me swiftly from beneath its shadow. ' What did I say to you a while ago, Mopo ? It has come to pass. Swear to me that you will live on aud that this same hand of yours shall take vengeance for me.' ' I swear it, my sister.' 'Swear to me that when the ven geance is done yon will seek oat my eon Umslopogaas if he still lives, and bless him in my name.' I swear it, my sister.' ' Fare yon well, Mopo ! We have always loved each other much, and now all fades, aod it seems to me that once more we are little children playing abont the kraals of the Langeni. bo may we play again in another land ! Now, Mopo' — and she looked at me steadily, and with great eyes — ' I am weary. 1 woold join the spirits of my people. I hear them calling in my ears. It is finished.' For the rest, I will not tell yon, my father. CHAPTER XIX. M1SILO COMBS TO THE ERA AT. DTJGUZJL That night the curse of Baleka fell upon Chaka, and be slept ilL So ill did be sleep that he summoned me to him, biddiug me walk abroad with him ! so I went, and we walked alone and in silence, Cbaka leading the way and I following after him. Now I saw that his feet led him towards tbe Donga-ln-ka Tatiyano, that place where all my people lay dead, and with them Baleka, my sister. We climbed the slope of tbe hill slowly, and came to the month of the cleft, to that same spot where Chaka had stood when the people fell over the lips of the rock like water over a waterfall. Then there had been noise and crying, now there was silence, for the night was very still. The moon was fall also, and lighted nptbe dead who lay near to as, so that I conld see them all ; yes, I conld see even the face of Baleka, my sister — tbey had thrown her into the midst of the dead. Never bad it looked so beautiful as in this hour, aud yet as I gazed I grew afraid. Only the far end of the donga was hid io shadow. 'Thou wouldst not bave won thy bet now, Mopo, my servant,' eaid Chaka. ' bee, they have sunk together ! The rift is not fall by tbe length of a etabbing- spear.' I did not answer, bnt at the sound of the king's voice jackals stirred and slnnk awav. Presently be spoke again, langhing loudly as he spoke : ' Thou shouldst sleep well this night, my mother, for I have sent many to hush thee to thy rest. Ah, people of the Langeni tribe, yon forgot, but I remembered ! You forgot how a woman and a boy came to you seeking food and shelter, and you would give tbem none — no, not a gourd of milk. What did I promise you ou that day, people of the Langeni tribe ? Did I not promise you that for every drop tbe gourd I craved would hold I would take the life of a man? And have I not kept my promise? Do not men lie here more in number thau the drops of water iu a gonrd, and with them women aud child ren countless as the leaves ? O people of the Langeni .tribe, who refused me milk when I was little, having grown great, I am avenged upon you . Having grown groat ! Ah 1 who is there so great as 1 ? The earth shakes beneath my feet ! when I speak the people tremble, - when I frown they die — they die in thousands. I have grown great, and great I shall remain ! The land iB mine, far as the feet of men can travel the land is mine, and mine. are... those who dwell in it. And I shall grow, greater yet— greater, ever greater., - Is it tby face, Baleka, .t sfoiros opon me from . among the laces of the thousands whom I have slain ?. Thou didst promise me that I should sleep - ill 'henceforth! -Baleka, I feu- "theinct-atthe least, Housleepest wuolV Ti4ne,"Bala — rise thy ; sleep and tell me - whom there is that I , ishouldfoarT— — and suddenly heceaaed; 1e!0fogB;6fb)B pride. ... . . Now, my father, while Chaka the ting Bpoke thns, it came into my mind to make an end of things and kill him, for my heart was mad with rage and the thirst of vengeance. Already I stood behind him, already the stick in my hand was lifted to strike out hfo brains, when I stopped also, for I saw some thing. There, in the midst of the dead, I saw en arm stir. It stirred, it lifted itself, it beckened towards tbe shadow which hid the head of the cleft and the piled-np corpses that lay there, and It seemed to me that the arm waa the arm of Baleka. Perchance it wae not her arm, perchance it was but the arm of one who yet lived among tbe thousands of tbe dead, say, you, my father ! At the least, the arm rose at her side, and was ringed with such bracelets as Baleka wore, and it backoned from her side, thoneh her cold foce chansed not atalL- Thrice the arm rose, thrice It stood awhile in air, thrice it beckoned with crooked .finger, as thongh it sum moned something -from the depths of the shadow, and from the multitude of the dead. Then it fell down, and in the utter silence Iheard its fall and the clank of the brazen bracelets. . And as it fell there rose from the shadow a sound of singing, of singing wild and sweet, each as I had never heard. Tbe words of that song came to me then, my father ; and I remember them no more. Only I know this, that tbe song was of tbe makings of Things, and of tbe begin ning and tbe end of Peoples. It told of how the black folk grew, and of how the white folk shonld eat them np, and wherefore they were and wherefore they ahonld cease to be. It told of Evil and of Good, of Woman and of Mao, and of how these was against each other, and why it is that they war, and what are the ende of the struggle. It told also of the people of the Zala, and it spoke of a piece of a Little Hand where they should coDquer, and of a place where a White Hand should prevail against them, and how they shall melt away beneath the shadow of the Wbite haud and be forgotteu, passing to a land where things do not die, but live on for ever, the Good with the Good, the Evil with the EviL It told of Life and of Death, of Joy and of Sorrow, of Time and of that sea in which Time ia hat a floating leaf, and of why all these things are. Many names also came in to the song, and I knew bat a few of them, yet my own was there; and the name of Baleka and the name of UmBlopogaas and the name of Chaka tbe Lion. But a little while did the voice sing, yet all this was in the song — ay, and mnch more ; bnt the meaning of the eong is gone from me, thongh I knew it once, aod shall know it again when all is done. The voice in the shadow sang on till the whole place wae fall of the sound of its singing, and even the dead seemed to listen. Chaka heard it and Bhook with fear, but his ears were deaf to its burden, though mine were open. (To be continued.) 