THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIK HEADS. "I would^ give a million dollars for a 8'omaoh," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but be was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No, 8, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Deiby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he bad for one thiDg he hadn't got Here is bis story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin go88 on to say j " Up to eight years ago I had never IoBt an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill With water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My cheBt UFed to ' fill up ' aud my throat would swell bo I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowlsh-green phlegm. I had a tacking cough, and would cough and Btrain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out ot my ears. 1 became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or sis weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there for sis months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me a recommendation >to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, how ever, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a gilloping consumption, and must die', the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but thook their heads. . " Getting a trifle better my old maBter allowed me to do what little I could in his gardenB and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spittiug up phiegm. sometimi s as much as a teacupfui at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm w uld choke me, At this time the whites of my eyts turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and month were dry and paiched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue wai like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few homs at a time, but was so weak I bad to take hold of the furniture to move a' few yards. I war alwayB tired and weary, and sitting or lying was never at ease and got no real reBt, To» weak to read I often sat foT hoars looking all my bands-nothing but skin and boue, anl was so nervous I couldn't bear the leait noiBe, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, buthe said, . I can do you no g od\ I can only pu'ch you up, because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tr.'ed everything I Could hear of. One thing va8 a cough cure from London that cost 22i. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, * Well, you won't cmgh mwh longer, you hive merelt to pi epare for another world.' " About the middle of Maroh, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the Vper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seig.l's Syrup ?' and told me how he had been cuied after being in the hospital. He spoke j so much In praise of this medicine I sent ny wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in -Victoria Street. After tbe first dose l had an evacuation , black aBink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, by food kept down, and in a few days mon I was able to go out for a short walk. By Uie end of a foi tnight 1 went to Sue my master, who asked what had wrought the improve ment, and I told him, as I tell every oae, that Mother Seigel's Syrup bad saved ny life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a nay'B work since. " Of course, my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup f r ttx months 1 was Btrong as ever in my life and. have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication'of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin re quests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all tbe facts alleged. Mf. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputition. Now, what was the complaint from whioh he suffered? Not gilloping c».<umption, . ertainly(as one of the doctors thought),. or he would have galoped mt> his grave in less thin three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When tbe right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestine tract > o yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskia on his recovery, and commend the factB of his case to all thinking people. 