Sidi.mt. vy Did He Love Her ? gttAPTEIR XIX (Continued). She is warned. She repeated to me a ria of her conversation with her uncle .ti; ing when they were out riding, ye gave her to understandif Mr. Vane caes to approach her in the character 1"" vear. he will not be acceptable to him." ..iFontaine understood her as well as d he would never i ae done that. You , that Savella has always been actu "'? the contrary spirit; w hat w e de Eher not to do, sihe is sure to attempt. ifu;,, Vane now has an interest in her te elchieh he might never hlave possessed iabeen eft to herself; and when she coat;:he esn rival this girl, she will make Ito do so. •. Heil, she can amuse herself by with him, but marrying him is c. ?r thing." i"t yon "' replied Summerton, " that Ic tbfalls n love with him, she will have et , at the risk of her life. With her .e she ould make a brilliant mar rtr. If we could get rid of eneumbrances s?ahinretars to Italy and give her a i -e for a hliuand." .I have areadi hinted as much to her." Atd hico did l.e receive it?" .h.e ecamed to assent, but shite was i?;: of e:nthing else, she said nothing aI'a Itilrence to it." ht:ell-caoi ?dai. the family from the Sesmeto La Itontaine, and formed their ,, Etia:l: 3e t.1 the strangers. a!Ea l:ast sulch an ordeal must be un n;e:--, ."-ora lRoselli was sblicitous ,?,,t the ani araice of herself and her : er a' dress was simnple, but rich .I a?ei cning. and on Sasella's toilette she t ea:. s-el er A ill. I, n.ic rt coloured silk;, trimmed with 1,: l hIl in flowing folds to the floor; ai.:n ?a'ds glittelred on her neck and t e i si,,t u e te of sculptured beauty. : - lC:r leas i raided ioto a plat fastened at ?sck t iac head wa il jewelled arrows, t,;eaa:t;iine of rouge lighted up her n:I,0ola and Savella entered the lii :a-. F:1atalue arose and laid aside his i-. Ilieemed -surprised and pleased c !;:r ei ft upon his niece, and he said STrya )ou lta eone by surprise. A while I d:--eereld. )ou are a genuine nightin and nJa teto collie to mae almost a ce I aeptoadof my little girl, and -:rcie ai 1.i) pearl need fear no rivals Tcank 5ou." siee said. "But I do not .ih 0 c.,.da rt:,e. I sm afraid I amU :::as.o ccle, and the lwhole race is too 1..:.. Ia-eela is a gem, give me as rcl.t'le a nallUl a- pearl is to her." "I·Tln u shall be my ruby," he re STi:: i better : rubies, with their sear "n iii, c- tir it to ouu shall be a set ,::th t., iL , ro b~l the lact descendant Us. untcle C:audce, y,-u are too good, and fac:- to t) and le all ott wisltl INC." He kci-et her L:n ; thle besto\wing the '.Le eaC e u -a l 0tli, let tihe roolu to re -?i.: gast,, ho at ht hat moment drove :a : the door. lha accnlanitesed him, but Savella lin :red in tie Irar) til the party was esta :.ied ia Ie tdrains g rooem, and her aunt ad Saunlerton had been presented to l s! leha1 antIcipat:e, her uncle came csher, and -il.tting her arm through his an. with ltate1i pride Fonitaine led her :h~ -saleartent, and introduced her to ei:ct ltnay saw her she could scarcely :?c an xclaci atit s of surprise, and she "Gc?t;iess!t is that the same girl I saw :-:sday. looking cotmmonplace enough ? ? .sar1 :he has bloomed into beauty. :a't cousi. Cairie say i was 1prejudiced !" ;!1a foundo her-elf the principal object I;:n:lon. She replied with ease to the _iatc," and3d ised to her. Senora Bo :: ini ;;y!!nettaon sustained her, and the : cr.of the day were a triumph to the -tea iaer was over, music was called I- se and fanty sung ballads with a?li an, se- londed to the request. "e.aica.'uti d:tlidence, declined an in ";s: l?e pi'iano, but when Fontaine asc:hsJ her. and takitng her hand, said: aC'.:l, d let our friends enjoy the I,"tl -??d forward to with plea '' no longer refuse. Sit s÷ 'rat notes of her voice arose, t'ro-- :ie:t and his son camie in from I re l.they had been talking t-... . he party gathered a:cath ?lc': 'er, listening in silence. "r :' - ?-clahned the general, at the c : at ? e=g, .. that is marvellous ! ? ~' -a. all in the shade, Carrie. You \- I --ceil eiit hide your heads after S.":l treetlied, ' we shall do no such Sl a cluc t tlhank you for an ,:lttat raresl falls to our lot in 'a '. Your voice is exqui led !r 1 -cut-iol admirable." `Iahlb t the beht masters," Savella \- "ant fondnless for music led Irtid It thedr instructions." it seen; but pray give us '- t ratutrmpt to leave the piano : 1"7: - Savella struck into a -an "aich d'tc'aecd hler skilful execution, Sci' tshe was petitioned for i" oaul e?oit, "e ra. briIht moon, and at a late e-e ls detarted, charmed rwith the ." 'e?dr, a. d pleased with her two CHAPTER XX. te of Savella's musical abilities tont evsery house in the valley, and bL e.a carrtiaes, filled with elegantly e, e:corteL by cavaliers, drove .ect o La Fontaine; and flat ,tg:h nere lavished on the heiress -ttted a much stronger head than 'thei. isits Isola was often made ilithant e in her position, by care Loet; ut many slhowed that she -tebsteem, if her origin was un tta . the ..iles of Fontaine had de t ? i, dthrough Philip Vane's im it ad become well-known in the , the rphan would not inherit ,it Itrtune. ?: her, a few attempted to pa ter, at she was so dignified under rtle, that all were surpriseld. But as the days glided away, her eshcks lost their hue of health, and a feeling of lassi. tude often oppressed her. Dinner and evening parties were given in honour of the advent of the heiress by every family in the valley, and in inexpli cable weariness Isola dragged herself from house to house unwilling to cloud the en joyment of Savella by betraying how ill she was; for she seemed to have formed a strong attachment to her, and declared that half her pleasure would be destroyed if Isola was not the companion of her tri umphs. At these gatherings they met Philip Vane, and as he looked on the changed ap pearance of Isola, he laid the flattering unction to his soul that his desertion had not been unfelt. At first Philip seemed shy of approaching the heiress, but from the moment Savella's eyes rested on his person, she used every coquettish art to lure him to her side. His indifference piqued her, his beauty dazzled her, and when he laid aside his reserve and entered the lists with other pretenders to her favour, she was captivated by the fasci. nation of his manners. One of those passions sprung up in the breast of the Italian, and Senora Roselli saw her own fears verified. All the efforts used to prejudice Savella against Philip seemed to have recoiled on those who at tempted to make them. All the warnings of her uncle; the certainty that he would oppose her union with a man who was not received in his house; all the opposition of the two who wished to retain her under their own control, was of no avail. If P'hilip Vane loved her well enough to ask her to become his wife, she declared to her aunt she would brave everything to do so. But Philip had somle sense of manliness left in him, and when he had looked on the pale face of the girl lie believed to bhe fading into her grave because he had deserted her, lihe felt that it would be base to inflict a new wound when the last seemed to have struck so deeply. He refrained from making a declaration to Savella, though he made love to her with every opportunity that offered itself; he felt secure that no rival could foil him, for he read the passionate soul of this girl, and awaited a more favourable time to ask her the momentous question-would she be come his wife ? Philip spoke to Savella of her uncle's dis taste to him, and protested that he had lost his favour through no fault of his own. Mr. Fontaine was peculiar, and a misunder. standing had arisen between them. He confessed that he had once admired Isola, but never till he saw Savella had his heart really been touched. With each hour passed in his society the heart of Savella became more deeply en thralled, till she owned that without him life, fortune, or any earthly good, would be valueless in her eyes. With the skill of a skilful diplomatist, Philip led on this crea ture till he felt secure that in opposition she would give him her hand and fortune when the time for action arrived. He liked her; was flattered by her pre ference; but, until his father's suit was de cided against him, he could not make up his mind to the last irrecoverable stop which his vanity led him to believe would prove a death-blow to Isola. The change in Isola's appearance was re-, marked with pain by Miss Carleton, andshe came over to La Fontaine and insisted on taking her young friend to the Vale to pass a few weeks. To this Fontaine consented; for in his uneasiness he was ready to giasp at any change that promised diversion to her mind. It was believed that the desolate feeling of which she had spoken to him was killing her slowly, and he hoped much for her from the cheerful companionship of the family at the Vale. Summerton, who had proffered his medi cal skill, and been employed as her physi cian, approved of the proposed change. He prepared for her use a vial of drops, which he counselled her to take three times within the twenty-four hours, and Isola promised to follow his directions. Savella expressed her regret at losing her, but promised to ride over every day with her uncle to inquire after her health. Fanny received her friend with joy, and exclaimed: "Now we have you among us I mean to try grandma's specific on you-the ' home bitters ' that she used to dose us with when we were children. If it cured us then, it may do as much for you now, and I have a bottle in this room ready for you." Isola smiled, and replied: "Mr. Summerton is a physician, and I have brought a supply of medicine pre pared by him. "Have his prescriptions done you any good ?" '"Not much. The drops seem to exhili. rate me for a few hours, but the reaction brings on a weariness and depression that is indescribable." "Then you shall take no more of them while you are with us. Try grandma's elixir, if you love me." Isola was in that listless state in which she cared little what was offered to her, and she said: "As you please. I don't suppose it makes much difference what I take, for no thing seems to do me good." "But we mean to do you good, and make you well again. Don't talk as if you intend to go from us in the first bloom of youth. It is too bad, Isola, to see how lifeless you have become;" and the girl burst into tears. "My dear Fanny, I should only be too happy if Icould lay aside the dread that has settl~d on my heart. I confess that it is hard to lie in the cold grave at seventeen. But if it is the will of my Heavenly Father, I must submit." " You must not, you shall not die, Isola. Oh I what will become of George when he hears-that you-" She choked, and could not go on. Isola sadly said: "He will feel it, I know; but if I conceal from him that I might have loved him in the time to come, he will not be inuonsol able." " Would you leave him to think that love for that false man wounded you unto death?" asked Fanny. " My dear Isola, give George the consolation of knowing what you have just expressed, if the an guish of losing you by death must be his. The blow will be softened by the certainty that your heart had asserted its freedom, and Philip Vane is no longer your ideal of manly excellence." "I do not believe he ever was that to me, Fanny; and now he has lost all power. eThis is the truth, though my father will not believe it." "But 1 believe it, and I believe that grandma's skill can rival that of your Es culapius. Do )ou know that if I were it your plaue I Ihould be afraid to take any thing offered me by those people." " Nonsense, Fanny. Why should they seek to injure me? I beg you will not in. sinuate anything so dreadful. His skill is great, and his kindness to me unfailing. To speak the truth, I did not like any of these strangers; but they have improved on a longer acquaintance. I am attached to Savella, and liher aunt has been so attentive to me since I have been sick, that I am ashamed of my first distaste to her." But Fanny was still sceptical; she said: "They have everything to gain and nothing to lose by showing sympatiy ; but if the affection of Mr. Fontaine for you had been less tender, I fancy they would have acted differently. 1 don't believe in any of thel ; Savella has more heart than either of the others, but site is a shallow parcel of vanity, and her head is turned by atten tions to which sihe is unaccustomed. Have you remarked the manner of Philip Vane to her of late? She has done all she could to attract him, and I believe he is ready to transfer to her the allegiance he once pro fessed to you." ' He is quite welcome to do so; but Philip will scarcely dare appear before my father with another proposal for his hei ress." "Perhaps he will not think that cere mony necessary. There are such things as elopements; and if the truth is told about Mr. Fontoine's affairs, his consent will make no difference in the fortune his niece is entitled to claim." This aroused Isola from her apathy, and she gravely said : " My dear Fanny, that is. supposing that Savella has neither principle nor gratitude. Do not suggest such an impossibility as an elopement. Philip would shrink from the thought of such perlidy toward a man who has treated him withl kindness from his boyhood." "Oh ! well, let us waive the subject, Isola, for we shall never agree. Time will prove which is right. CHAPTER XX:. THlE DEMON AT WORK. Fanny left the room and Isola ate a frag ment of biscul and drank a small portion of the wine. Miss Carleton observed her, while she talked with her. Site saw with pain the delicate complexion from which every bloom had vanished, the weary out look from the large dark eyes, and the drooping lassitude of the slender figure. After a pause, she said : " May I speak with you, Isola, and aid vise you as freely as I did in your childish days?" " Surely, you know, to you I always look as my mentor, for next to my father you have been my best friend." " Then suffer me to use the privilege of friendship to probe your heart. Isola, is disappointed love wrecking the promise of a life as I hoped yours would be? Speak the truth, and know she who asks the question nas known enough sorrow to comprehend yours." "Sorrow to you! I thought that you had always bloomed in the sunshine, cousin Carrie," said Isola. " I have had my struggle with disappoint ment; but I have not permitted it to de stroy my usefulness, nor to mar my enjoy ment of the blessings left to me. But you don't deal frankly with me." "I can lay my hand on my heart and assure you that the passing fancy I had for Philip Vane has nothing to do with my ill ness. At first I suffered ; but my feeling did not affect my health. There must be some defect in my constitution, which has de veloped itself as 1 attained maturity. I overheard Mr. Sununerton tell my father such is the case." " And is Mr. Fontaine satisfied Mr. Sum merton is a better physician than Dr. Sin clair? I wish lie would call in to see you." "1 alm not ill enougll to require two phy sicians, and father says there is less safety in such a course. He has reason to confide in the skill of Mr. Summerton." "Perhaps Mr. Fontaine is right, but I wish Dr. Sinclair could see you." Are you sure that jealousy is not lurking in some corner of your heart- for Philip has joined Savella's admirers ?" "I have declared from the first my ill ness has nothing to do with Philip. If he were to marry Savella to-morrow, I should only feel it as it affected my father; but hie has this idea firmly fixed in his brain, and ii I die, I shall have the mortification of knowing that those I best love will think I was weak enough to give up life because a heartless man proved faithless. 011 ! thinkh better of me, for I deserve that you should do so." Her earnestness called a flush to tier cheek, and Miss Carleton drew near her, and said: "I am satisfied, Isola, that you are not perishing of a broken heart, and I have the hope that we can bring you back to health again. We will lavish sucht cares on you that yoI miust revive." Exhausted by thle short drive to thie Vale, Isola went to bod, and soon went into a slumber, in vwhichl she moanedl as if in pain. Miss Carleton maintained hier satch beside her, though Fanny came quietly in and placed on the dressing stand the vial she had taken away. Though full of glee at the feat she had perlormep, she did not betray svihat shite had done. Every drop of Summterton's 1,otion had been thrown away, the vial washed thoroughly, and spring water substituted. Fanny believed Suutiserton to be a quack, whose plausibility had itmptsed on Mr. Fontaine, and she wsondered at his in fatuation in allowing the life of his protdgei to be risked on his skill. When Isola found hier drops restored, she continued to take them, and the improve ment made in her health by ten days' stay at the Vale she partly attributed to their efficacy. Every member of the. family showed the kindest solicitude in her re covery, and at the close of the second week she had gained strength to ride out. Every day Fontaine came over, accompsa nied by Savella, to inquire after her, and he was thankful to see a faint tinge of rose blooming on her cheeks; but Isola observed that a shadow had fallen over himnt. He was self- absorbed, and she wondered if the knowledge of Philip's attentions to Savella had thus affected him. Fontaine rarely attended evening parties, and when he was present, Philip was careful not to make his devotion to Savella so marked as to attract his attention, for it was his policy to conceal his plans from iher mnole till they were riee for execution. Isola made efforts to while him from hiI sadness, but she saw that she failed, though he made an effort to talk as usual. One morning, on parting from her, he said: "I must soon claim you again. I can not live without you much longer, and it is my resolve to keep you under my own roof." His expression was so strange, so dif ferent from his ordinary one, that Isola looked at him in surprise. " Nothing opposes my return, father, and if you miss me so much I will go back with you now. I am so much better that I no longer need the care that has been lavished on me." "No, no-not yet-not yet. lRemain at the Vale till you are stronger, for-" . He kissed her brow, and offering hii thanks to Miss Carleton for her kindness to his child, mounted his horse and rode away. Both were struck with his preoccu pied manner, and a fear fell on the heart of Miss Carleton that some weight was press ing on his heart. She would not believe him capable of crime; if evil had been done, he must have been the victim with the brother who had so mysteriously perished, and she felt the certainty that Senora lioselli was cognisant of what had occurred in Italy; that she had participated in the scenes which had left such an impression of sad ness on Fontaine. That this woman came to his house for any good purpose she could not believe, but she was far from suspecting the turpitude which those two hypocrites were consum mating. On the night after Isola's departure, Fon taine was alone in his library, engaged in looking into the state of his affairs prepa paratory to making his will. A rise in tobacco had enabled his mer chant to sell his last crop at a high price, and the proceeds, amounting to ten thou sand dollars, lie intended to settle on Isola. If lie lived lie would be able to do more for her; if he died, or lost his reason, Savella would comue into possession of his estate as the lawful heir. Celia, who had waited on Isola from her childhood, he would give to her, and a draft of the will he intended to make lay on the table. IIis head was bent over a column of figures, when he was startled by a shock. Then three raps from beneath the table and the voice so long unheard breathed almost in his ear : "Claude, I am beside you. I must tell you how happy I am that. you lytve sent from you the rival of my child. Let her stay from beneath this roof, for her presence is a curse to it." Ft.,tainc was unnerved, but disdain at this assertion restored to him full self possession. He exclaimed: " Fell and evil spirit, for such I now know you to be, avaunt ! I refuse to obey your dictates. Leave my house unpolluted by your accursed presence !" "Claude ! beware of speaking thus, for I possess the power of life and death over her and you. Did you not feel the touch of my fingers ? I could as easily have struck you senseless had I chosen to do so. Take my child to your heart; make her the heiress of all-all you possess, and I will leave you in peace. Act otherwise, and I will fill your house with such devilish revelry that you will be glad to conime to terms." It was Henry Fontaine's voice that sounded in his ear; but the listener felt that his brother's nature must have become warped in the spirit-land to speak thus. And he firmly said: " An evil demon has obtained power over me through my own fratricidal act; but that you are Henry Fontaine I will never believe unless I have oscular demonstration to that effect. If I see you with my oewn eyes, I may believe their evidence; nothing less will convince me." "H o!" laughed the speaker, ".with you, seeing is believing is it? Well-you shall have that proof. So impalpable a pi setnce as a ghost must float out upon the darkness, his form rayed forth through the power" be stowed on him in the spirit-world. If you can bear the sight, I promise to render my self visible to you." Fontaine exclaimed: "Let me sse you this moment. I will et tinguish the lamp," and he put out his hand to remove the shade. The voice spoke as if receding from himt: " Not yet, Claude. The sight would mad den your brain ; for when I do come, it will be as you last saw ime-dying by your hand, Can you bear that ?" Fontaine sank down, pale as thedead. He shuddered, and putting out his hand, said: " Go away, for God's sake i Once before your presence near me nearly drove me to suicide. Persist in coming to me and I shall lose reason. If you are my brother, you will leave ,me to bear my burden in such peace as I now may find." Again that thrillingtouch sent its electric shiver through his veins, and the departing voice said: "Adieu. I leave you at your commandi but, if you pay no respect to my wishes, I shall make my presenc? felt by you again." Three 'raps filled the room with their echoes, and Ciesar apieatred in the doorway with a scared face, and faltered: "'Was you a knockin,' for me, marse Claude? I were goin' through de hall, an' heerd de noise, an' I thought you was taka:, sick and wanted suflin'." Fontaine lilted his white face, now stern with anger, and quickly asked: ",How long have you been near that door? Have you overheard anything ex cept the raps ?" " "o' do bressed Lord, I hasn't; I'd jest come in to shet upl de hIouse for do niight. I hopes you don't s'pect me of spyin' on you, marater ?" "I should not do so, Cmsar, for you have always been faithful ; but something strange has happened. I desire you will say no thing of the noises you have heard." At that instant another peal was heard, beneath which the lamp and papers on the table trembled. The negro fell on his knees. He cried out: " G'way from here, you cussed debil dat you must be-g'way. What does ghost. esses want in dis house? Get out'n dis, or I'll make my ole o'man scold you." A smile crept over Fontaine's lips at this absurd threat from the poor old man. He remained standing in the same attitude several momentst listening to any further demonstration that might be made. A man durine a lifetime at 50 years. according to a paper recently read hefore tne Academy of Science, Paris, sleeps awray an aggregate of 6000 days, works awray the sanme period, eats away 2000 days. wrallts away 800 days, is ill during 500 days, and amuses himself with the remainder of his half cetitury on earth. "You have heard of spirit-rapping, Casar, and you have seen experiments tried here by the young people. There is no thing to alarm you in it. I have wvitnessed such things, and no evil came from them. Get up, and attend to closing the house." At this command, the old servant arose : "I ain't used to such things, marse Claude. I ain't got much gumption, an' an' I is feared to go out'n de hall by my self. El dat ar' thing was to foller arter me, an' hammer on de do', I should drop dead." His rolling eyes and dusky complexion proved the truth of his assertions, and Fon taine kindly said: "I will go with you, then, but I think the visitation is over for this time. I for bid you to speak of whatyou have witnessed here." "I'll member what you say, marse Claude, an' I'll try to 'bey you; but 1 wiahes dat I hadn't heerd nothin' on it myself." Fontaine preceded him in his tour of the house, and saw all the windows and doors closed, As Caesar was leaving Claude, lhe entreated: "Don't have nothin' to do wid 'emra, marse Claude. Dey is debbils in 'sguise. Ax de bressed Lor' to sen' 'em back to de place deay come from, an' He'll take do cuss away from you." " I have not called the spirits, Casar; apdyou may be sure I shall pray to be de. livered from their persecutions." "Dat's right, sar; but I hates to see you go back inter dat haunted house all by your self." "Have no fears for me; I shall be quite safe from anything they can do to harm me." The moonlight fell upou his face, and Cmsar noted the rigid whiteness that had settled on it, the restless fire tihat burned in his dark eyes. In tihe open air the old man was no longer afraid; but ho saw his master re-enter the house and close the door behind himu with a feeling of dread. IIe listesed; but all remained still, and he moved toward his cabin in a state of be wilderment which did not escape the keen observation of Aggy when he appeared be fore her. But to all her inquiries he only replied by deep groans "dat de debbil was to pay in do ale house." "I 'speetes as much when dese furrin people got to stay in it," she oeplied. "But what's happened ?" "Nothin'; only do doebbil's to pay, dat's all." "Ef lihe is to pay, I hope he'll take his debt out'n you, you old stupid," was the re. tort. " I jes' wish you'd hold your tongue. or else talk sense wid it." Cmsar obeyed her wish; for he refused to speak furlher, in spite, of the cajoleries which Aggy condescended to practice. She taunted him with being possessed with a dumb devil, to which he ruefully replied: "A dumb debbil is better'n a talkin' one." "Dat dar's for mo, so I'll jes' shet up. But I'll find out what has flustrated you so much, in spite o' your circumbendibusses. Thar! I don't b'lieve marse Claude knows a bigger word dan dat." At length day dawned, and soon after Cmsar heard the voice of Fontaine speaking to the overseer in the yard. Thanking God that lie was still living, the old servant aroused his wife and prepared himself for the duties of the day. CHAPTER XXII. urILIP VANE UNEARTHED, Night after night, throughout Isola's ab sence, the same attempts were made to ex tract from Fontaine a pledge that she should never return to the shelter of his roof. The draft of his will was copied, and he placed it in his desk with the original, in tending to go to Lynchburg and have it en grossed by a lawyer. A few days after wards he sought for them to make some alterations, and both papers were found torn into fragments, which were scattered over the desk. That night his familiar told him he had done it; that lie would find means to de stroy every instrument which alienated from Savella any of the property which was hers. Fontaine had fallen into replying to the voice as if the speaker were a tangible pre sence, and lie said: "I will place my will where you cannot reach it." In response a laugh came, followed by the words: "Try it, Claude, and see if you can find a spot into which I shall be unable to pene trate." The will was placed in an iron cheat in his room ; lihe carried the key about his per son, yet three days afterwards, when he sought for it, that he might take it with hint to Lynchburg, he found it destroyed. Examination of the lock convinced him that it had not been tampered with; but Fontaine still persevered in carrying out his intention. A skeleton was sent to his lawyer in Lynchburg with a request that he would have it ready for signature at the end of a week. During the absence of Isola, Savella en deared herself to Fontaine; and accompa nied him in his walk to the quarters, and w-hen there showed the liveliest interest in the welfare of the people who were to be. come her property at some future day. She appeared to have overcome her distaste to them, and the hlindness with which she ad. dressed them won golden opinions. Savella endeavoured to 1111 the place of Isola, and for hours she played and sang to her uncle, who felt the demon exorcised by the spell of music. Autumn had set in. One afternoon Fontaine was detained from home several hIours, and returned depressed in spirits. LHe yearned for music; but on inquiring for his niece he was told that she was gone out for a walk. After a few turns ihe threw on his hat, and took the pathway which he had ob served Savellapursued of late when she set out for hlier afternoon walk. Fontaine had proceeded half a mile with out encountering any one, and he began to think Savella hIad taken another path, when the sound of voices struck upon his ear. The speakers were sheltered behind a clump of bushes; but a few steps brought the in truder in view of the two who fancied them selves secure from observation. Savella was seated in a grape vine chair, formed by twisting the long branches to, gether, and at her feet reclined Philip Vane, resting his head against the rustin seat, and holding her hand in his own. He was speaking passionately, and the expression of the girl's face revealed what was passing in her heart. Fontaine read its meaning at one glance, and then strode foerard. I Savella uttered a cry, and Philip sprang to his feet to confront the face that glared on him with bitter contempt. "So -o- Mr. Vane condescends to amuse his hours by attempting to beguile another unsuspecting heart to love him. I ask you if it is the part of an honourable man to enter my grounds without my knowiedge and meet my niece in this clandestine manner ?" Philip recovered his audacity, and he coolly said : "My first meeting with Miss Fontaine was accidental, I assure you. Since that happened, as I was no longer a visitor in your house, I have availed myself of such chances as offered themselves to see your niece. To-morrow I should have waited on you to offer my proposals in form, as Miss Fontaine has just honoured me by accept ing me as her future husband." Fontaine listened to this address with surprise. He turned to his niece and sternly asked: S"Savella, can this be true? Have you disobeyed my wishes so as to suffer your heart to be won by a man I assured you would never be acceptable to me ?" She looked up appealilfgly and faltered: "Oh, uncle Claude, I loved Philip from the first moment I saw him. I know that I have done wrong; but he loves me, and and I will never marry any one but him." Her uncle scornfully said: "Doubtless Mr. Vane has induced you to believe that lie adores you; but it is not longsince he came to me and professed the same feeling for another. I cannot under stand the facility with which his affections have been transferred from her to you; yet why do I say so, for I am afraid I do comprehend it but too well." "Philip never loved Isola," Savella ex claimed. "He has told me so, and I. be lieve him." A glance of contempt from Fontaine's eye flashed over Philip. He retained sufficient self- control to speak calmly. " Miss Fontaine speaks the truth, it was but a passing fancy I had for another. I do not regret this discovery, as it affords me an opportunity I have desired to express my sentiments." "Philip Vane, your audacity passes be yond all bounds," said Fontaine. " Do you suppose I am not aware how much your professions are worth? Savella, when this man learned that Isola would not inherit my property, lihe deserted her; and in this brief space of time lie professes to haveat tached himself to you with ardour unfelt for her. Judge for yourself if lie would not be equally faithless to you if the smiles of for tune should forsake you." "Oh, incle Claude," pleaded Savella, " do not speak so, for I love him, I tell you I andI shall die if I am separated from him I No, lie never loved Isola ; he loves only me!" There was such passionate feeling in her voice that Fontaine was touched. He more gently said : " Poor child you must suffer from the perfidy of a man whose personal attractions are his only recommendation. But I must save you from him at all hazards'" Then, turning to Philip Vane, lie went on: Mr. Vane, if anything could have added to the distaste I have for you, it is the know ledge that in this underhand manner you have attempted to win your way into my family. I decline accepting you as a suitor $o my niece, and believe she will be in. daced to listen to reason, and give up a man who seeks her for her worldly advantages alone." "Speak," said Philip : " Shall it be so ? Your inheritance is your own; and I am sufficiently independent in fortune to lift me above the suspicion of the interested motives whicn Mr. Fontaine has imputed to me. I love you ; you are aware of the real nature of the obstacle that lies between us; and you have seen that Isola now regards me as an old friend. Accept or reject me at once, for on your decision rests our future relation to each other." His eyes were fixed on her-she made a step forward, laid her hand in his, and said.: "Philip, I believe in the nobility of yotre soul, and I will love you to the end. Oppor siton will only strengthen my resolve to his yours through all." "You hear, sir," said Philip. But Fos taine drew Savella away from him, and held: her at his side by throwing his arm around her. "Philip Vane," lie said," I am respon sible for the welfare of my brother's child till she has attained years of discretion. To youI will never surrender a cent tillithat time expires; and 1 forbid you to approach her as a suitor. If she does not discover how false are your professions of love, she will possess little ofthe foresight of the race from which she sprung. Good evenling. Come, Savella, we are far froml home." He would have drawn her away, but she sprang toward Philip, and exclaimed with passionate fervour : " Oh ! my Philip-my adored-believe him not. My heart will never separate fram you. We shall ind means to meet, we sh all be happy yet." "i believe so, Savella, my future wvife, he responded; and when Fontaine dres- Sa vella from his embrace, hlie said: " You see, sir, how useless opposition will prove. She loves me with all the aidniour of her southern blood, and 1 promise you to be agood husbuand to hlier." He encircled Savella with his strong arm, and supported her faltering steps as h.e moved away with her. Shie looked at Philiip as long as it was possible to do so, and ths expression of her eyes confirnmed what hter lips uttered. 'lPhilip watched them a lew moments, and then a smile broke over his lips. He muttered: "Ihave paid you back for yonr inslting dismissal of my pretensions to Isola. That girl will do what I bid her; I hold heir fate in my hand, and be it happy or itoerable, . ahe shall yet become my wife." He strode to the tree to which his horse was fastened, and dashed off in the direc tion of Dunlora to tell his mother how he had spedin his wooing. CHAPTER XI2LI, SAELLA DEI ANrT. Fontaine moved in the, direction of thebs house, sustaining Savella; but afterproceed ing a distance she extrdisned herself from his arms, and said: "lIam able to walktalone. I donot wish to be too burdensomea to you. He regarded hier cn sorrow as he said: "I have ever ftelt that you are a burden to Rs. r have indulged the hope that you would p,-ee a blessing to zoe; but what I have witnessed has so shaken my faith in yoe, that I have-misgivings, for the future." (C'itisitse., as narxt. Pse.) (Cent inoud front Jrrerieors Page.) Why Did He Love eir-" CHAPTER XXIII (Continued). "Have you not been taught that dopli city is a sin towarn, those who love you ? I would not have believed that you would so far forget the delicacy of a refined woman as to meet in secret a lover of whom you were aware I could never approve." "And why will you not approve of him 2' she burst forth. "He is all that a reason able person can ask-noble in mind, beau tiful as a demi-god. I love him, uncle Claude; I love hinm to such a degree that I would cling to him in death. We first met by accident, but I confess I again sought that spot every afternoon that I might look on my king, my love, fromwhom you nor any one else shall never sever me." Fontaine saw that in her excitement rs monstrance would be useless, and he only said: "I shall take care that these clandestine meetings take, place no more. If you marry Philip Vane it must be without my consent. To-morrow, if you were bereft of fortune, he would desert you; I can place no confidence in a man who has proved himself as unprincipled as he has." Savella turned on him with panting breath: "Uncle, feel that I speak the truth. I shall die if I am separated from Philip. I love him to that degree that if I had the certainty that my wealtlh could purchase his hand, I would give my last dollar to gain it, hoping that my devotion would meet its reward. But I know you wrong him, for he has given me such proofs of his attachment, that I should be base to doubt him." "'Very lately be gave the same to another," replied Fontaine, "and do you think in three months a heart worth hav ing can detach itself from its first love and. enshrine a second idol in her place l" " He never truly loved Isola. He has told me of the fascination she at one time exercised over him, but until he saw me his heart was never touched." "You are yet too young to marry any one, Savella; at seventeen a woman often accepts a lover who at twenty would scarcely be permitted to approach her in that character. Give me a promise that you will wait till you have attained that age before bestowing your hand on Mr. Vane, and I pledge myself that if you are both faithful to each other, I will withdraw my opposition to your union. Savella's face brightened, and she said: "You are my own good dncle Claude again! But I must consult with Philip; without his consent I have no right to bind myself by such a promise. I have con sented to marry him, and if he is dissatis fied to wait so long, I cannot do what will make him unhappy. If he should get angry and desert me, I should perish in your sight. Oh, uncle, you do not know how dearly I love him." " Poor child !" said Fontaine, " is there no possibility of saving you ? savella, hear me: You shall not marry Philip Vane while I possess any legal power over you. You are my child eaow, and I must guard you from yourself." Savella disdainfully repeated: "Shall not !" and walked beside him in silence till they gained the house. Spring: ing up the steps, she swept past Summer ton and her aunt, who were on the piazza. Senora Roselli said: "I hope Savella has been doing nothing to displease you, Claude." Fontaiue moved toward the window and said: "Come in here, madam. I have a com munication of serious import to make to you, and I trust you will aid use in im pressing on my niece the necessity of sub mitting to my autlhority." An alarmed glance was exchanged be tween the two confederates, and making a sign to Suumnerton, Senora Roselli passed into the room and closed the blind after .her. "MHadam," said Fontaine, " I hope what I have to tell you will be a surprise to you. I trust you have not encouraged my niece to disobey my wishes with regard to Vane. When they have met at the houses of my friends, have you remarked that his atten tions to her were those of a lover?" Certainly not. They have not been so marked as those of half-a-dozen other gen tlemen; and I have not thought of him in that light. I trust that Savella has not given him encouragement to hope fdr suc cess. "They are plighted lovers. I went out this afternoon and found her with Philip Vane. They have met thus for many weeks past, and she declares her determination to marry him." His eyes were fixed on hier face, and he saw that she was more dismayed at this discovery than he had been. She ex claimed: "She must not mar her destiny in such a manner! The false girl! how she has de ceived me I She has spoken of this Vane so openly- condemned his conduct so freely -that I never imagined she had any regard for him." "Savella cherishes a headstrong passion oer him, and unless we find means to re st rain her, she will rush into his arms. She heas told me as much herself." •" "The Nemesis forgot her usual caution. She said: "I will lock her up. I will give her only bread and water to live on till she comes to her senses. " Softly, madam. I cannot permit such extreme measures to be used. By persua sion this girl may be led to do what is right; but she never will be driven into terms. I am glad you are as much opposed to such a union as I am, and I ask you to use your influence to bring her to reason. Just now the glamour of passion obscures all sense of right in her mind." "I pledge myself; I wilt aid you in every possible way, for Savella is too young to give her hand to any one," she coolly said. "I was so exasperated by her duplicity that I expressed myself strongly. I ask yourpardon, Mr. Fontaine, for speaking of your niece as I did. I forgot the respect due to her position." He arose and said: S"We understand each other with refer ente to this affair. Be gentle with Savella, for she is in excitement that will not bear increasing. H we win her over, it must be through kindness." "I hall remembertI will go to her at As the Senora passed out a figure flitted from the shelter of the blind, and she found Summerton awaiting her in the hall. He spoke in Italian: "I overheaid it all; and she has baffled all our plans. Why have you not kept a stricter watch over her ?" "Have I not done my best! But she has deceived me from the first. I once accused her of attempting to attract this Vane, and she assorted she only wished to avenge his desertion of Isola by drawing him to a pro posal which she would reject. Yet she has secretly met him; she has promised to marry hini. Oh ! if I dared, I would slap her as I did when she was a child; but h?e talks of tenderness, and all that mamby pamby stuff. He doesn't know Savella as we do, or he would adopt more stringent measures." "What can any of us do? If she will marry him, she will, you know as well as I do. Let him purchase our consent to the marriage by an annuity, to enable us to re turn to Italy and live in comfort there. We do not care about leaving Savella behind." "Why do you talk thus?" she asked. "With my consent, Savella shall nevcr marry him. Asa last resource to prevent it, I will-" She regarded him fixedly. Summerton said: "You will do no such thing. You would ruin all, for that would.be fatal to our hopes. I know it would, and if you at tempt such a thing I will desert a sinking ship, and you may swim to the shore as you can." After a few moments of thought, she re plied : " I believe you are right. Such a course would be injudicious ; so I must soothe her, and play patience, as Mr. Fontaine recom mends." " Do not let your anger get the better of your prudence this time," was his parting caution, as Senora lboselli left him to seek her niece. She found Savella walking the floor, weeping, and wringing her hands as if in despair. The Senora advanced and stood confront ing her. Their eyes.met, and Savella said: " Get out of my path, don't come near me now, for I am not in a mood to be talked to by any ono." "And least of all by me," was the re joinder. "iBut I have come here to speak with you. If you owe hima nothing, you owe me a debt you can never repay, yet you are making no effort to do so. You know I would sooner lay you in your grave than have you married in this dull country, yet you have practiced the vilest deceit toward me, and are ready to throw yourself at this Vane, because he has a pretty face, and talks nonsense to you. I expected more from you than this stupidity." The girl listened with a curling lip and frowning brow. She contemptuously re torted: "I do not know why you should have expected better fruit from the training.1 have received. You have taught me no thing true. To serve your interests was the one idea inculcated, to the exclusion of every other. I am rich-Philip Vane loves me, and the man I have chosen shall not be frowned on by you, if he is by my uncle." Boselli threw herself on a chair trembling with rage. After a struggle she spoke; " The proverb which says, ' Put a beggar on horseback, and to the devil he'll ride,'is illustrated in your case. But for me you would have been reared in poverty and ig norance. I have power over your fate of which you are not aware, and if you persist in this insanity I may be driven to use it. In such an extremity I do not know what I may not do." Savella listened to her and said: "I owe you something for the sacrifices you have made on my account, but money can repay you for them. In my childhood you bent me to your will by oppression; but I am now free to act as I please, and I refuse to be dictated to by you. Use the power at which you hint, and 'see how I will baffle it." The Senora began to comprehend that Fontaine was right ; if Savella was won over it must be through persuasion. She sobbed: "I lhoped that some tenderness for me was left in your heart, Savella ; but I see I was mistaken. You think only of yourself, and I am nothing to you. It will break my heart to see you make so contemptible a marriage as this, when so brilliant a career lies before you. Consent to be guided by me for a few months, and I promise every thing that you desire." SI desire but one thing, and that you have set yourself against. I know you wish to secure my property and return to Italy; but my uncle will not surrender it till I am of age, and I no longer desire to leave this country. I would refuse the hand of an em. peror if Philip Vane held out his finger to me and said, ' Come with me,' I would go to him-I would cling to him, and glory in my choice." Senora lRoselli was in despair. Shearose and said: " This man will squander the money for which he is ready to sell himself, and break your heart by his indifference. But I will performna my duty towards you. You will be permitted to walk out no more alone, and the most watchful duenna was never more rigid in her guardianship than I will be over you. Your uncle has delegated this task to me, and I shall perform it with a strictness which will leave you no chance to communicate with your lover." Senorarushed from the room to seek her confidant, and inform himn what had passed in the interview. Savella locked her door, washed away the traces of her tears, and sat dowvn to con templote a miniatare of Philip, which he had that day given her. She refused to appear at supper, and spent the time in writing to Philip an ac count of all that. had passed since she parted from him, trusting to some chance to deliver it to him, in spite of the surveil lance with whish she was threatened, CHAPTER XXIV. TIE PLOTTERS AT WORK. SWhen Summerton heard of the improve ment in Isola's health, he expressed his delight of the success of his prescription, and went to the VTale to visit her, carrying with him a fresh supply of his medicine. He was surprised at the change in her ap pearnce, and congratulatted 'her on her return to health, claiming the merit of her convalescence. Bhe smilingly said: "Yes, your drops have had a magic. feet; I am nearly restored to my usua salth." Fanny remained near her friend whill ,he talked with Summerton, for in spite d his assumed piety, she cherished an int.nl Live feeling of mistrust toward him- She said: "I will go and look after Savella myself. You must not leave us till you are well. I think grandma's bitters have done you as much good as the drops, highly as Mr. Summerton thinks of them." He thanked her for her offer to visit Savella, and turning to Isola, said in a low voice. "I hope you have not been Induced to take any nostrums compounded by a person ignorant of medicine. It is very dangerous to hazard such a thing." "I have only taken a small quantity of the bitters every morning to please Fanny; but your medicine I use three times every day." " Can you let me see those bitters? I am opposed to any one tampering with a patient of mine." " Certainly-I will bring the bottle to you." "Thank you. Here are the fresh drops. Now you are accustomed to their use, you may increase the. quantity one-third. Re member to be accurate, for they are dan gerous if taken in exaces." "I will be very careful," and she was rising to go on lher errand when Fanny, in spite of his cautious tone, prevented her. " Sit still, Isola; you are not yet.strong enough to run up and down stairs. I will bring the bottle." She presently returned, and presented it to Summeerton, as site said; " It is only a tonic Isola needs. If you wish to stand well with grandma, you had better say nothing against her pet medi cine." "That is more than can often be said of such compounds, Miss Berkely," he said. "But this seems innocent. It Is only brandy poured on herls: yet it may prove injurious to Isola. I would advise her to take only the life elixir I have prepared for her myself." "I will do so," and Isola took the vial he offered her; Fanny held out her hand for it and said: "I will put it on your toilette, where it will be safe. I can fancy Mr. Summerton's consternation if the flask was broken and its contents spilled." " It would be a sad accident," he replied. "for its contents are worth more than their weight in gold." Fanny took the vial in her hand and pre tended to regard it with reverentialadmira tion.. "Is it distilled from gold ?" she asked. I have read of such an elixir, and the man that made it believed its use would render him immorctal." "No, I do not pretend to such skill as that. This is a chemical compound, the secret of which is known to myself and a distinguished Italian chemist, from whom I learned to prepare it." "Really! the joint product of two wise heads should be carefully kept." Fanny looked him full in the eyes as she spoke these random words. Summerton was too good a diplomatist to be embar rassed by a girl; he quietly said: "There is nothing deleterious in my elixir, Miss Berkely, as the amended health of your friend proves." " Pardon me, Mr. Summerton; I did not accuse you of so deadly an abuse of your medical skill," said Fanny, and she moved away, carrying the vial in her hand. She went herself into her chamber; after lock ing the door she poured the precious elixir into an empty bottle and filled Isola's with water. This was placed on the dressing stand, and the drops borne off, while she said: "I may judge him wrongfully; but I am determined to be satisfied about it. I will get Dr. Sinclair to analyse these, and find out of what so precious an article is com posed." Unluckily the vial slipped through her fingers and shattered into fragments on the floor. Fanny snatched a towel and wiped up the stains fearing some one might detect what she had done. She thought: "At the worst I can speak to Isola and tell her of my suspicions. Oh, how I do wish we could keep her here, where I know sheis safe. Poor George-now she has an swered his letter, if anything should happen to her, it would be almost a death-blow to him." On Summerton's return to La Fontaine his accomplice sought to speak with him alone, and she asked: " Isit really true that Isola is recovering ?' " She certainly appears to be rapidly im proving." "And-yet you assured me the medicine she took with her would keep up the decay that was consuming her life I" "I cannot understand it," he replied. She assures me that she takes it regularly, yet she is regaining her health. Some con stitutions assimilate poisons after a portion has been infused into the system. Hers must be one of that class. HIowever, all will be right now ; I have made the drops I took to her to-day stronger than the last, and I ordered the quantity taken to be in creased. We must get rid of her, for the will is made which gives her ten thousand dollars, and Fontaine went to Lynchburg yesterday and signed it." "How do you know that 5" " I saw the draft on his table, withi the letter to his lawyer. You know I accempa nied him to Lynchburg, and while thlere he spent two hours in the office of Mr. Win eton. It was easy enough to comprehend whathis business was." " How angry he would be if he knew'that you enter his sanctum and pry into every thing there." " He will never know it," Summerton re plied. "If we can prevent Savella from making a fool of herself; we shall grasp the reward of all our toils." "Leave that to me; I will never lose sight of her long enough to give her a chance to play me any trick. She has made several attempts to send a letter to Philip Vane, but I baffled them all. I have one in my possession, and such a silly, love-sick effusion I did not believe Savella would write to a man she has not known but two months." "She springs from a passionate southern race, so what else can you expect ? She fell in love with the first handsome man who talked nonsense tb her." "And for this lip worship she would re nounce the promise of her life," said the Senora. If I could only convince her that Vane is as false as he is beautiful, she might listen to reason; but when I speak disparagingly of him she flies into wrath, and then puts her hands over her ears to shut out my words. But I will conquer her yet or die in the attempt." (To bd continuea.) 