THE BUDGET SPEECH. It , was tho disagreeable duty of the Treasurer to inform the members of tho Legislative Assem bly yesterday evening that there would be at the end of the year a deficit of over a million sterling in connection with tho Con- of this deficit the Parkes Administra tion is responsible. Mr. See's two predecessors' constantly asserted that under their rule the country was more than paying its way, and their press supporters pro fessed to believe the statements, but all the time the expenditure was exceeding the income. It was believed by many people that one of the reasons | why the late Government retired from office was because they felt that the financial posi tion had become too difficult for them to manage, and in view of the startling disclosures made by Mr. See it is apparent that that belief was well founded. A debt of three-quarters of a million is a very inconvenient legacy for a Ministry to', leave to their suc cessors, and possibly if the present Treasurer had had accurate informa tion on the subject twelve months ago he would have refused to take the burden on his shoulders. He and his party would probably have de clared that as tho Parkes Go vernment had created the big deficit they should be compelled eitli r to get rid of it in a legitimate manner, or admit that the task of making revenue and expenditure balance under their policy was one they were unable to accomplish. When the Treasurer presented his Estimates for 1892 he believed that he would have a surplus in connection with the year's transactions of £358,000, but, as he explained last night, there will be a deficit of more than that amount. For this deficit he cannot be regarded as fully responsible, because before he had an opportunity of controlling the expenditure the whole of the estimated surplus had dis appeared. The bad weather of last year wrought havoo in the roads, and to repair them and to construct bridges a special appropriation had to be made in March last amounting to £250,000. At the same time othor special ap propriations amounting to £202,000 were made, and the Supplementary Estimates totalled £222,000. Then the revenue failed to come up to ex pectations. From the new duties, indeed, more was received than it was believed would be obtained, but the revenue from the other import . duties fell off. The reoeipts from land sales were also considerably beloyir the estimate. Everybody is wise after the event, and it is easy to say that the Treasurer should have been able to give a more accurate forecast of the revenue for the year than that he made, but any other man in his place would have prophesied in exactly the same way as he did. At the time it was the opinion of Mr. See's op ponents generally that his estimates of probable revenue for 1892 were not too liberal. Regarding the special expenditure at the beginning of the year, which had the effect of throwing the Treasurer's calculations out of gear, the question is, should it have been incurred ? We hold that it is the duty of any Government that may be in office to keep the roads of the country in good order, and for that reason the special expenditure on them that was authorised in March last, however dis turbing it may have proved to the Treasurer's predictions, was justified. The members of the Assembly, it seems to us, cannot condemn it, and more particularly when it is remembered that it provided employment for hundreds of men at a time when it was greatly needed. The general depression also proved a disturbing element in connec tion with Mr. See's forecast of tho revenue. The year that is ahout to close lias been one of the worst tho country has ever experienced ; trade in general has been very dull, and there have been financial failures in all directions. Had any other Government been in power it could not have done better than tho present one, and it is per fectly certain that if the late Ministry had remained in office it would have done worse. It would not have im posed any new taxes, and, as it had extremely extravagant tendencies, it would have had a deficit for 1892 alone of about a million. Of course, it would not havo shown that deficit, because it would have worked several dodges analogous to that it practised in connection with the Centennial Park lands, and tried thereby to pro duce the impression that it was financ ing splendidly. Some of Mr. See's critics may be of the opinion that when he realised in March last that, in consequence of the special votes, he would have a balance on the wrong side of the ledger at the ond of the year, he ought to have insisted on the reduction of expenditure in connec tion with tho ordinary appropriations made by the House ; but if he had done that, supposing the act would have been lawful, many hundreds of work ing men would have been reduced to tbe starvation point. But what is that to the critics? The public revenue and expenditure must be kept equal, though multitudes perisli as tho result of the process. This afternoon the members of the Opposition propose meeting for the pur pose of considering the expediency of attacking the Government on the financial statement. One of tbe morn ing papers asserts that Sir Henry Parkes will be at the meeting. This means that he will, meta phorically, fall on the neck of the leader whom he has several times criticised in the most con temptuous terms. Mr. Reid and the queer assortment of politicians who call themselves his lieutenants are so covetous of office that they will pro pose a motion of censure on the Ministry if they believe, there is a ghost of a chance of its being carried. But we do not believe that an attack by them would bo successful. The country doeB not desire that its impelling force should be a few feeble waterspouts. The end of the year is the season for burlesques, but the people do not want bur lesque business on the Treasury benches. From one end of New South Wales to tho other the conviction is very strong that under a Ministry composed of Mr. Reid and the gentlemen who are hanging on to his coat tails tho country would infallibly go to tho dogs. It is almost inconceivable that a majority of the labor members would supportatthe presentjunctureacensure motion on the Government, for if the latter have erred in spending monoy too freely the error has been committed in the interests of the laboring classes. It must be acknowledged that they have done their utmost during their year of office to provide employment for those classes. 