STAR SPRAY. (Sprinkled rt' Our Special Astronomer. . In accordfuico with tlio Boss's instructions, I sot out at about 6.30 last ovcning to tuko an observation. Took it straight. Last night was warm ami clear, but suitablo for observing tho Heavens. I liavo to roporti At 9.45 distinctly witnessed tho conjunction of Venus with Groat Scott. Speaking cor rectly, the perihelion wns about ldeg. lSmin. 3seo. from the elliptical edge of the ofT-sulo orbit, ascension 0110 in twenty, altitude indefi nite. The intersection was followed by a short, sharp, meteoric shower. 9.50.— Obnerv ed the comet in Andromeda. Owing to tho disturbing action of tho other planets and tho oscillation of tho comet's ta:l, I was uuabio to distinguish very clearly. 9.57. — Went out and had a drink. 10 p.m. — Saw Brooks' comet making a boo lino for Biela's. Wont out to try and get odds on tho former. 10.5 p.m.— Came back and calculated that, nt tho rate Brooks' was going, he wonhl fetch up alongside IJiola in about a quarter of an liour. Tried to get up a swoop on the coming ovout, lint fonnd tlio. people in the vicinity uninterested, in astronomy. "10.13 p.m. — Something got in my glass and obstructed tho view.- Tlnnk it must havo- b6eii fusel oil. I' 10.15. — Notiood that the orbital inclination of Brooks was facetious. Also observed Bicla I wag his tail. ' 10. JS. — Brooks seined Biela by tlio opposite li point of intersection. Concluded by this that it would bo a desperate struggle tor tho belt. Mars, looking quite rosy , was attending to tho gate, Saturn looked after Llio ring, nnd J upitcr undertook to uut as umpire. 10.20. — After several attempts Brooks suc ceeded in throwing Itielu. Tho latter, liow- ovor, slipped from under, and by a geocentric correction of his location attempted a rot.ro- grudo motion in tho direction of the asteroids. 10.21. — Brooks got in on Uiola's tail with a tromcmlous swish. Tho latter claiming a foul on tlio grounds that the azimuth was 189deg'lsoo, when it ought to liavo boon 189.log ifsen, tlio umpiro ordorod tho contestants to correct tho angular deviation and giro tho general public a show. 10.22. — Tho glass registering a stuldon fall described a parabolic ellipse in search of alcoholic beverage. 10.30. — Returned to find that Brooks had bitten Biola's tail off, and the sliow was all broke up. 10.33. — Discovored tbat the sun bad gone down. 10.40. — Spotted something on Jupiter. Fancy it must liavo boon a fly-mark. Concluded therefrom that Jupiter bad been hung up too long. Mast sec Russell about having him cut down at onco. 10.42&. — Porcoivod indications of inhabitants oh Mars. Applied flic stethoscope to the angle of occontricity, and distinctly hoard an in-, habitant ask 1110 "what I was staring atf" Ropliod that I was an astronomer bolonging to tho Bird o' Freedom, and was looking for a decree nisi. Advised mo to switch on to tho fiscal quastion and ring up tho Labor Party. 10.45. — Found out that one of tho approxi mate Moments of politics is whisky. I0.45J-. — Calculator that tho circunilnteral oxpausion of a comot's coma is likely to causo a compositor less trouble than either its solistitial ooluzo or periholion velocity. Acted accordingly. 10.56. — By an invorso measurement of tho co-ordinate locality, concluded that it must bo near closing time. Thereforo, described anotliur paroholic ellipse with a slight angular deviation, terminating in a long colonial. 11." (J. — Returned to find that the pruning knife was about to bo applied to tho estimates. Resolved to enter a protest against it on general grounds. 11.15. — Throw tlio focus, of an unoccupied boot-jack at the disturbing nucleus of a tom cat, and entered tlio aphelion of a neighbor's window. Bucked my head to avoid the con sequences. 11.30. — Saw Professor Schnobblor approach ing with an interesting problem under his arm. Proceeded to discuss tho problem with tho Professor. Found the same about forty over- proof, with a decided tendency to ascend in tho direction 'of the cerobral centre. 12 midnight. — Had a heated argument with Schnobblor regarding tho exact whereabouts of tho ICiama ghost. Decided to turn up tho Treusou'Felony Act in tho morning and mako certain. 12.35 J a.m. — Selmobbler asleep and snoring; finished tho problem by myself, and threw tho botllo out of tho window. 12.40. — Found that the cartli was rovolving with an unusual vulocity around tho rising moon, which had suddenly bocomo multiplied by two. Held on to the bed-post to steady mysolf. 2 a.m. — Camo to the conclusion tliat tlio central moon .was suffering from a scvoro attack of smallpox, being pitted all over. Intond to put tho matter iu tho hands of tho Marino Board in the morning. 3 a.m. — At time of writing, and in fact for tlio last hour, a most brilliant phenomenon : has been obscrvablo in tlio Southern Homis- pliero. Large metoorin balls are travelling in opposite directions, and intersecting 0110 another at all points. Most of the stars have dovoloped tails, nnd the- mcridinal lino is wobbling about in a strango and unsteady manner. In addition to tbis I can plainly seo . traces of whisky in tho milky way with a strong tendency to como in contact with tho \- Magellun Cloud. All the pluuot3 arc in tran sit. If I am not down in the morning don't ; forgot to notify- tho Transit Commissioners, ' and drop- a noto to J. I). Young about it. I will not wake Schnobbler, as he might claim the honor of tho discovery. p >g> — Please send up tho circumlateral orbits' of a gallon or two of soda-wator and a copy of tho Bird about mid-day. 1 1 T. Otthlf., B.E., I Bird o' Freedom Observatory. I r , Saturday morn ing, (j .V - . December 10, 3 a.m. » - i'.i.i rrr-rTtllH HT " 1 "UUI m ' ' """" 'U.bll 