HE WAS IH LUCK. A tall, dignifiecl-looking gentleman stood facing an unoccupid house in a prominent Wide Side street the other day, closely scanning a large whito sign which hung on the front door. The house was a handsome modern structure, two storeys high, and had evidently been built by some wealthy man for residence purposes, but now advertised as being ‘ For rent.1 The tall man had just finished taking observations and jotting down the owner’s address in a small.notebook and was turning to leave, when a neighbor came along and pleasantly remarked : ‘ It’s a pity that a fine house like this should stand idle for such a long . ‘ Why, how long has it been idle V ‘ Well, thelast tenant moved out two years ago, and the owner can’t find another who is brave enough to live in there.’ ‘What’s the matter with it ? Danger of collapsing V ‘Oh, no, The house is built solid enough. The great trouble is that it’s haunted.’ ‘ You don’t say so!’ And the tall man seemed to grow more interested. ' It’s a fact. Every Wednesday and Friday, just at midnight, the people in the neighborhood are startled by a series of wild blood-curdling yells; and immediately after that two white figures appear at the upper windows. I’ve seen them myself ; and the good man shuddered as he thought of it. ‘ Have you any idea what rental the owner demands for the whole house 1 ’ ‘Yes, I heard liimsay he’d letanybody have it for five dollars per month. ‘ Five dollars a month 1 Great Crnsar | but that’s a bargain. Guess I will take it before some other fellow gets ahead of me.’ ‘But would you be afraid of living in a house infected with spooks 1 ’ ‘ Oh, I am quite used to them. I am a spiritualist, and as I hold my seance every Wednesday and Friday night, those spooks will cornu in very handy. You will excuse me, while I go and see the owner, and sign a lease for ninety nine years. ’ As he walked off, ho muttered to himself. ‘ Five dollars a month, and two full fledged ghosts to boot! This is indeed a bargain.’ 