HOW TO TEACH THE WHOLE COUNSEL OF GOD HOW TO MAKE OUR SUNDAY-SCHOOLS MORE SUCCESSFUL AS NURSERIES OF THE CHURCH !f <®> ra W- S- Citiogebs, Mi / Tbe/religiouB world his w H somewhat by recent BssertloT7_,Pt«la 2w., Sunday SchooU Wrthout saying wheth.?" this be a fair conclusion W/Ti 01 "k adduced, I think few will sav th»r are as successful as numerics nfif 2 S.S. aa enthnriastic Teachers mnix are not foe success to be desireiL highest point of view. from The reasons of this aro »» interlinked VM,00« oiKH 1\. OhAtTch Method. — In the (5« there has. been, I think, a sJ j irom : the '.Church of EnchiiiA imparting instruction, which is fa , fog, it, instructing by word question 'and -answer. The k end of foe Catechism have faller 11 - total or partial oblivion. menu foat cilery neglect to catecS Sunday (some do catechize onT but foat.«.s. Teachers do rttfAflJlinTlff. c The nm.l . ,)l lll -© N. — WUM aiesnod ift round verseby verse, a few words teacher, and then on agvm Tiig useless. It has taken tiie place of a mastery of tbe lesson by the Teach»SS he can diqense with the Bible if oi foe preparation nf questions children, Ac. Yet our Chnrch tearf/fj this catechetical method is her wmrf instruction. Read if you will giving a Bible-lesson) 1 smS pol'L read/ round ; let all reading or whflst one of thecoodCf amongst the children is reading or foe Bubstance of the portionm way; then question and cross qnesfioT this method you will impress the timth. 'H wish to convey, yon will see what can grasp, and yon will learn how to in a simple and thorough way. HoJnZ most not foe clergy keep the catechizfog so long as it rcmarn. JtHR B.C.P. ? 2\. Church Matter and Order— T« Mtm second place, there has been a mistTmSH and hence disastrous departure fJrWH Church's Matter and Order of The plan now adopted is more - Wi uniform Bible lessons throughout thesA/HS under which the teachers of the receive from the clergyman no spechj suited for the special fonts -. then the Catechism with some «r wjue cos ia mrown in, uc., theBahWB is the chief instruction, the Catechism after in importance. Is it not a case of the folly of the moderns setting at naught the wisdom of our far wiser ancestors, and up setting the rules of the Church ? (i) I.presome and assume that a tesfeiH in loco parentis, v d sponsoris, or at 1'H loco cleric L ' . I presume that a darrtal recognizes tiiat'a teadier does whaticfa|H not or cannot do, and what a rather q»naor (for the Prayer BoTghaB speaking, only recognizes in foe edrefaj| her children foe clergy and spomouH is communicants) cannot or does ntkH Hence he Is bound to require the go to the B.C. P. for directions. The ED contains foe. clergyman's marching The agent is bound by foe same rules nhH principal The Baptismal Soviet &B; the Catechism-rnbries (which contmis|H Church's orders re foe instroction oi c!j B ren) give foe Matter and Order of iustretiB to be (a) The Greed. (6) The Lord's Pa. (c) The Commandments, (d) TheCrtcfaB Supposing this to take a four ymrs' that is allowing each child (by fiwB classes and promotion therefrom aamdiM| this Order) a year for each subject, leanl tiie instruction would include suitab pfanation and not consist of panfAB repetition, then if - a fifth course was what better could foere be than the (Ma iB Ep. and Gob. (not necessarily in thatonl seeing foat they contain foe chief putiE tiie N.T. and in some few cases of the (Li|H which bear npon foe Person, Life, IVodafH Teaching of our Lord Jesos Chitit! naHB ren instructed in our Church's M»u»fcffiB fire years wonld have a basis of Cfamrtn gjl ship, wonld know in, and why in, tin H tiny believed, would grasp why tbeyrtiSB be members of the Chnrch and why tirH should not rush off to any sect, and iSB hare a foundation for and incentive tc iarflB Bible reading and study. But ahote dHB they would be thoroughly grounded in trmjfl central points of foe Xtian Faith IhBB auvaauaiawu, . UWUllWUUUf OcfcvRUIitSlub Church, would all be living realitiestoIkH Xtiaoity would be to tlipm not asystBn,sH s matter of Bible- reading, hymn-siDgm&hfl; but Christ. H ii J spoke of the wisdom of our in fixing this Matter and Order of ticm. lwiR go so far as to say could cot have made tiie fixture sate ink the guidance of a Higher Wisdom. F"" I wisdom is evidenced by the flabby, goofy If goody, half -heretic, half -pagan, Hoo-Chori indefinite teaching often mund in S.S. Oe q| Church's Order is wisely arranged lrtfe 9 Greed, because it is essential to ksor c H| Whom we helieve, why we believe. (E relationship to Him in Whom we bdra, I £0. ; 2nd the Lord's Prayer, because i I Creed has "taught -ns to, by, and Ikuri |H WiHwn to pray, why prayer should be o&d; B| aad accepted, Ac.; 3rd the Ten ConnooH ments, because the Creed taught vs H Mj relationship and so reqousibility, tbehi&fl; ft»yer has tdtownus how to get help to h? lig these rules which God hag provide forte direction of _Hh children and His seruE reroonsible tb Him and other ; 4th te ra Catechism (it, further instruction thers not inclnded in the forgoing I suppose kOT caoBe it' esters into and expanse ll|| tiie iorgoiiig and above all sets forth life of the sonl flowing through tee SteBj&M; meats bf the Gospel necessary to Salvation. IB (iii) Does it not occur to ns at once bffB superhuman tins' arrangement (Matte » pi Order) |s whcoi we reflect that it w« . H and confirmed, at times of great Bibie-res&j; ||| excitement ? Who would not have expert® g| that tiie newly recovered or newly tran&bts; H| Bible would have' beoi fixed upon as t® B basis of 'Ustmction ? There is no wisdom H any one's raising an objection here by saj#( H "Oh, people were then more ignorantrite H primary trnths than now-a-days. snd ® I uatter-is old fissMoned ? " I mate bold® say. -that onr failures axe due and oar is® future /scarcely v half.fiilaH Churches vifl ® I due tb nlect of our Church's Matter <®" i sii uction n«t not to tiie absence of Bp® 9 reading in State- Schools. It is w S blaming the State for the effects of onr w folly or iault Let me add that I haveta® the ChurphMatter and Order of instrc® and naturallyr the S.S. wherein I adfl 1 them were tiie best I was ever coun«iw with. I ; have provided for following 8 again-- uod have derided to use no Q®? | (until tiie Church's WAttur Has been o® H other' than that provided for me by H beloved Church of Enghmd in the I and to any other syllabus than W | whither, ; many Churches, under the l&o;®' I slop of a tiie Andover Review, in tee R Oanada; Japan,1 Ac., have consigs | International ' Series of the S.S. tessoft | namely to dishse. 1 : (iv) There ranst be some reason teaoJjS 1 for this neglect of the plain intentions ri it | Ghnreh. even if yon say they are not direc- | tions. "Why; -in short, have BiWe | the Stuffing hiMrpn with indigestatie fl® I perfect'foo3- (I r will support that "dje I imperfect soon) instead 01 feeding I digestible «frrihk.Kl»» nourishment — sop' I eeded onr Chnrriiss Matter? The I ajtetfeomckrial indifierence in the I prraeni is that people have made a I serious mistake, in -preference to the I Ifeis mist&e;' is in Hn'nling and 1 that the -,KBfbli 11 ia tiie "Word of I jjjgtecd of teaching -tiiat Bible fontajiiw the Word of God. The Word of God is a Person. 'Hie Churcfr.'of England nowhere teaches that the Bible is the "Word of God," but .does teach in her Homilies that in it is contained God's trne Word. Here let me qnote an importaut-and- 1 believe very true passage from Archdeacon. FarrarV Bampton ' LectiSes, p. 369. " Whoever was the first dogmatist to make the terms 'the Bible9 and ' 'the Word of God' synonymous, rendered to the cause of truth ana of religion an immense disservice. The phrase in that Brincp. has no shadow of Scriptural authority. It occurs from three to four hundred times in the Old Testament and about a hundred . is the New; and in not one of all these Instances is it applied to the Scriptures. See Bishop Thirlwall, Charge a, i. 71. - - The formula of the Reformation in its best days, like that of the Church of England was not 1 Scriptura est Verbum Dei1 but Scriptura compledttur Verbum Dei.3 " So, too, Luther wisely said: "The Wordnf God is not to be regarded as identical and co -extensive with the Holy Scriptures.'.' Dorner points out, quoted by Dr. Farrar also, that Luther did not regard all the Bible as an equally Divine book but as a living organism. Any reflecting reader must agree with this; for example, St. Paul's -utterance about women keeping the head covered cannot be equally Divine with his statement that ' Xt Jesus came in the world to save rinners/ nor his recommendation to Timothy to take a little wine (especially in the opinion of teetotallers) equally Divine with John xvii. 3, 'This is eternal life, that they may know Thee the only true God and Jesus Christ, whom Thou hast sent.' Even if we do not bind ourselves (I do myself) to Dr. Farrar's dictum, yet it should be plain that : the Gospel for last Sunday' (Sexagesima, Luke viii. 4-15) gains additional beauty if we take ' the Word of God ' as Christ Him self. and not as many commentators often take that expression to mean the Gospel or something else, I think equally incorrect, In new (apart from the above dictum) of the fact that Christ came neither to write nor preach the Gospel (a term which seems to mean anything, all of which meanings I refer to save that which makes Gospel synonymous with Christ, a Person, for He did preach Himself and nothing but Himself) but to be \ 'Emmanuel.' i.e., : God with us,9 to.be Incarnate, t.e., in its far reaching effect and influence 1 God engrafted on ham an nature whereby the sap of the Divine may be taken up by the sap of the , human, and so cause the human to be one in desire, will, &c.;, with the Divine. Again send the Commen tators to exile save those who agree with this view, and they are ancient authorities and some moderns, and look at the truth! and its beauty enshrined in James L 21,- ' the engrafted Word which is able to save' your souls.' The study of the use of the words cmphutos and logos should have made it clear (as it did to some ancient writers), apart from the common sense view of the passage that only a Personal Life-Giver en be meant, and yet some commentators run off into long-winded notes about Gospels, &cJ; A Person alone fulfils the requirements of this whole passage. This text contains thh truth of the Incarnation in a nutshell It would be in my opinion (take it for what it is worth) a good thing if we could have another fire of Alexandria, provided that all the Commentaries could be locked up in the building before the fire. Especially Grateful would students be who have to rack their brains over numerous commentaries of which often no two agree ! Enough of this. " Re-; member that the Church of England does not teach that the 'Bible' is the Word of God,' but rather that 4 in it is contained the Word of God,' Who is Christ : She does in her Ordination. Service make a distinction between the Holy Scriptures and the Word of God, and therein commissions the priest to be a dispenser of the Word of Goa and His Sacraments (clearly a Person here is 'meant, that is, Christ) : She does -in her Sixth Article of Religion say what she under-; ' stands by Holy Scripture : She does in her nineteenth Article speak of preaching ' the .pure .Word of God, an expression, which, taken with her formularies and the writings of the Reformation, can only, I thinly mnan' Christ — here we have the .secret of all preaching, not the Bible but Christ. : There can be no doubt that our Church does reverence the Bible, and does hold +h«tr sd much of Christ as can be expressed in writing has been so expressed in the Bible and no- where else eqnally so well, so that he who would learn what the Word of God, Christ, is, may learn about ffim in the Bible, more especially in the N.T. If you ask me what is the Word of God? I reply, ChristJ Christianity is not a system : it is Christ.! Therefore I think as Christians we never consent to teach anything bnt Christ. br to sanction any teaching in any Irind-Af sAnrtie which does not fully teach Christ. Any S.S. lesson without Christ is a sheer waste of precious time. "Christ is alone the essential Word of God." (v) Another instance will, show yon that the Bible should not be called the Word of God. The Word of God must be pprfart awii his moral utterances must be perfect, and must not accommodate themselves to the low moral conditions of any times so as to be im-! perfect. Now note that this Diocese appears to be committed to the view "that the moral utterances of the Q.T." (the' major part . of the Bible, which is said to be raiaroligd -fog Word of God) u being not infrequently, accommodated to the low moral condition of the times, possessed various degrees of im- perfection, Jesus Christ daipia to have freed it £.&. the moral teaching) from its imperfections " (Row, Christian Evi-i dences, p. 189). This is, in like clear words asserting that the moral utterances of the' O.T. are imperfect, repeated five more, in one of tiie, if not the,- most important chapters of this work. This ' six James: asserted statement is used as the basiS/tiie' support of an argument that Christ came to! fulfil the law and the prophets by filling up to the full their imperfect moral 'utterances, i Now do you see what 1 meant by . staffing' with imperfect food? I express /no disagree-! ment or agreement with this passage. -'T quote it for no such purpose. I might have a great deal to say about "ring Buch a state- 1 ment in the pulpit; but "my purpose is toi use this to strengthen my contention. I beg to point out that this- Is the Trade the key-' stone of a most important chapter of -a most; important, valuable and able, work,' which" Candidates for Holy Orders in .Diocese! have to get up to master, and to, d nnppose, beueve. This very day these Candidates' have been examined in this book, t . It' has ' been pointed out, and I do npt pee how it! can be other than true, that this Diocese, i because of the imprimatur of the Diocesan : authorities thereon and until tbfg'. /»)iVp-A r,- tfi ' entirely or qualifyingly schednlecL is '<Jom- ; mitted to the view that the moral utterances' j ""Perfect and weikMommor ' uatedj&c.; _ Now then can we imagine -Ihat - this Book, one part with imperfect mftral ' caching, is the Word of Godt -'Wecahnot; nave an accommodating Word/of jGo& who gives forth imperfect moral utterances: We | wll not have a fallible Word of«oa, faat are 1 endectly are to believe that 'we bare 'a Biblle viwi imperfect moral uiherahccs. - /And-iU, shrewd .man remarked, .whydoteou teach this in State SA, tWi : JC'ioW ' that the Word of God henee' ta.iSB, Christ, who is contained .amiJnf-.i.imperfmti-i toons (so it is said) in the Bible. Bnt-bffier I works besides th? Bible contain the'Wqrilijf God in some degree, e.ff.,,Xbe £hnedB,-Gate- c?5n> B-C.P., the Imitatio.- NotethiB'fer l 6util return to this aga-ity, '> "W m()4 " it bof hft ketter to teach -the natPbizaA y rather than have lt oaid bny piocesan Syallabns ra our S.S., und . according ho «ie rdf tiie qoesan Text-books for Gahdid ates for Holy Orders we are moral utterances twhniwnWif stmi i fert- hoolc states (ande UiooeseffioBattefl raeieto) that Christ filled 'ifo'to SiiSfby ffis 4ea«img the ixne' idMrirhlrii ' tyfiriay ' imperfect inor tfbec« tiiafc thin was one morality (p. 189). In the TiamR of common Bense,of 1b' agreed ?:to be jlerfectiy moral, why ai£ we required'1 or invited to ubs.- Our idme in "teaching th&t; which .containsk ttnperfect wmoral utisiaiices " when we have in the N.T. " the perfect ideal oOndralityfv J'hy stress on this ? Well, not" ofily to -Wt you think ing, not .only to wake you up to the -fo your rights as electors of tbeDiocian Schlool Board which fixes the syllabus, but to contrast the Diocesan Matter (for this year) which is liuble to bo -much 'objection, &$., with the Church ugainnt «d»ieh - up objection can be raised mod snsfcainei Clearly under stand I don't bmd-jnyself to this view re the O.T. moral .utterances being imperfect, Ac. a (ri) WeU advised is the Andover Review in inauguratmg- af ney System :of S.S. in- etructiou. But that systemTs for all intents and purposes our (church's Matter put into a nineteenth century non-Church of Ffng1aT1 do; eee an pU;-t3iis,-;in'tiie .iiold of General Boo«i4,over mfeUSi the firm adhesion of Roman Chtholics to thftfr foreign Church though a very wise' "one' re the edu- pation of its children, in the cheapness of the Bible and its ' consequent loss of np upqnihe penile r-I«ee in jt all thei justifi- cation of our Church's Matter and Order of instruction — I see "in-it- the cloud which shows Jihat people .want to be fed with rou't go and prepare it fOTtnemselvesfirom the Bible for the. saxne-xeasoniXha'fr-a child ftonVbr does not prepare its own food — I see th&t; our people do " as newbom babes desire the sincere milk of—the-' Worxi/W; e. Christ, that they may grow thereby.' H indifference is reading lfcis partly onr&nlfc.; Indiflference not u AM.au VI Bj/UlUUU lliUlgUSUUll. UIVC people suffering therefrom - the of Christ and cure the indigestion : then go on feeding properly.' Follow Paul's example in I Cor. iiL 2 for alike reason. Let us teach Christ in the way of our Church and we shall -see her altars thronged witii Christians - who know In Whom and why In Whom they believe ; then shall, men know what Is, shall bear fruit unto, life eternalj which is not the ordinary Christian's half- pagan notion of a time of delighte, but, ' the real life, the life which God lives, the life we must live in God. ' Pardon my trespass pnjrour patience, but it Is so essential that We should get xm the right track that . I. mustr.ask you to re member that we are not 'to teach the Bible bnt_Christ. . Not Jthe. piKi« first, but .the Cateicdiisiiv which IsJhe Bible ina.ooaden- trated form, the essence of the Bible. If you teach the Catechism properly you are bound to_ teach all that. the J3ible..teacb$s to be necessary for salvation, and what more do you want to teach children ? Get clear what tiie Bible is and is not, and the infidel's sneer about errora in the Word of rfSqd will reyeal jfcfisown imrancc. p '&$ 1,'(vik) Nbw'ihi 'English 'tniaiBlatiori bf the Bible does contain mistranslations and interpolations— a few. The . Greek and the Hebrew texts (as we have them) have errors too. But the -Bible, the original' text, did not, I believe, contain any errors. We are test getting to that original, corrt tine textiT httoye b y; tiie Jaboure of - calm,- Jndicions, hiunhte-minded ! critic ; and that -text will show that Christ alone Is Jnthout error, is infallilffe, is without -limitation' of knowledge. But, until we get that text, is it not wise to adhere to the .Church's, Matter "which is after all tiie essence of the Bible ? Our beloved Church had to fhoose (probably by the aid of. a prescience superhuman) be tween tile-difficulties which ever arise from an unsettled, uncertain text, and the ease which conies of .the essence -of the 'whole goodness of' a work pressed out into such a term as the Catechism. Indigestible, ever varying, uncertain food mixed with fixed and certain foods was rejected as the Matter of instruction ocjfeedibg until Confirmation was oyer, until the age, of discretion was reached, -in favour of digestible, 'never- varying, always fixed and suitable food. The highest authority, not merely from position, for on that I advisedly now lay no stress, «but in learning, &c;".,- in our Church has pointed out that the Catechism is the essence of the Bible, -and that he is old fashioned enough (would that all clergy and laity -were so too !) to believe thatit should be the Matter of. Instruction.. I think I have said enoughto 'inVpress upb'n aU the fact that our Church realty requires no one to justijgher/or fixing, a iMattcr' ahd Order of instruction as well as a method which have .alas been, neglected .with irdi&astrous; results (I think) ' few that "whic)i is/the ground of wrangling antTdispate,' ' the tekt of which is not yet definitely fixed, concerning the meaning of much-of -which most differ, yet which, for all that, contains as no other, hook' or books, ' "-the Word;>bf God." and all thatis.necessaryto be belie vol for sal-, V&tioktX; A \ 3\. Objections 'to ' teaching ihe Matter. — ' There may be some objections raised to this teaching of the Xhun3Ts Matter. \- Ji. ) cLet me preface, these objections by aa%-: ference to an important point in modern criti cism. lean conceive of jninds being disturbed by the recent discussion about the limitations . of Christ's :knqwl®fige Hte vconsequent: fellihilityi- >' (A)- Oae pofe't in-'he discassibn. turns on Eds supposed ignorance of the day of judgment. The ground of this is Marie xiii. 32, rBut of that dknqyet. _ r . . hS&'efThe'Bon/buFie Father. " A similar passage in Matthew xxiv. 36 has not in the; A.V. the words " neither the Son," but the; R. V jnserted thfinTthoh?ding in! ; our Revisers simplifies matters in myj of ; i/ with. &£ .viC; iint tte IwairtU?, j1 nfeigiw- thLoWr! Siere tan-be'Iittle Abutitfioiie in my mind, thft Papias, A,p. 120, withp£icyeral others, is' right in saying first ' wrote his. Gospel (strictly speaking ta logia) in Aramaic, which he meant by Hebrew (Cf. Profif alia, jieians,; aSrfiijg- wjoleiiaffinn,jthis; ArAmiSb Goipel was used and' alone adopted; by heretics who interpolated the tert. Here; is the key to my theory; I say my theoiy, < dseMeiettqike'l' have noj doubt that as- ljiHeiisiiotliing original under' the sun, so my theory is not original. What . happens? (i) A scribe, -knowing the Ara-! maic -version in use amongst the heretics; with -#erfeterppJatiahs':!Df htrliiriiilJbelieve this to be one, seeiqgthfbt it is contrary to ; the tenonr of Scnfnre,' inserted these words : either into the margin, whence they crept into the text, or directly into the texhi Mark there are_ja_few important MSS. which also omit these words and thus there I WjCCg MSS.-vh4;yilholit :<hese: words, f jyeferr-.toiihenjaa; at'a'ecribe j seised in the interfet'4ieretie-nsed Aia- 1 rmucGoraxd ofMetlhew jrasemfitqyedto copy j text.or ihhhd margm;i>nB) "totfifeiact.thfita acribe versed in a Greek-Matthew (i.'e. , St. Matthew-soriginal Aramaic Gospel translated into Greekjcianpjnythega vjjitcrpolated words copied them, into "St Mark. Such fegeag) "HSK Gospels br Acta., Abyupw X sm.mcpe tiian bopefinlQafiy tiiese words do not belong to the true text of the Goels. Is it liot wiser in the midst of S ? Why MtMTCgMrqrismM, miie, and wait with patience tUl it cah he beyond all doubt settled that St Matthew or St Mark did write these words? Until' that time I am nteg! intiaidithatSbth.fe interpolations, (to Anto Qmst-s fellilnlity in quoting or ioasn/toweO.T I do not i IJiiwIr that any limitation of knowledge; which -is - the iraHH- of"thetibj6t1fon' tfe'to Christ's fallibility, is required by the Incar nation.. Jgie -Ghnroh teaches that -Christ walfPenect lan." As .isnch he took a ' perfect; human nature. . . Arnong the things He flid not take was mn, becanse sin is no part" of liuman natnre. Sin, ihter alia, throws human nature out oi older. A per- feet human nature may and most likely does for aught we know, imply a knowledge of all things in time (though- nbt in eternity. ; It may be eble -tir-' retirive ' communications from others of which we know nothing. & is doubtful if there be a limit to perfect human natnre.of things in time. ..The capa bilities of shch perfection ' seem almost boundless in time. H any . O.T. writer for example he a fact in time might not a per fect human natnre know of it? (I soest these' thoughts also to those who hoid to the'.' A.V. ahd"B.V. in Mark and Matrthew re- . speciively). I suggest them to those who would imply f allibuity fohnded dn limita- tiori of knowledge in Christ's references to the,0.X, : . ; Because of our noh-perfect human natarajtre cannot form any true conception of .a'- perfect human natnre like Chnst's. Are we then to measure Him "Perfect Man by -non-perfect mand More X say. not, "beyond this, that to' my mind a fallible Christ is no Christ, no Wold of God, -no -God- Incarnate. tVhatercr. . if enoais inay mean J can never admit that it demands" a belief in' Clirirt'e fallibility on-any matter. ' I fop one must have an infhllihle Christ or no-Christ at ail. Criticism most not frighten us about teaching Christ - as -the -only-Saviour.- the only Word of God, the only Being having the nature of man who never made a mis take in any form or way whatever. So much for an objection that may be raised ia limine to our teaching Him who is the sub ject of the Chnrch's Matter. ' ; " (ii.) It -faay be 'jiiged tiiat childrenand ' neonle urifetU'diinswen - more a frnorant ; and needal' molre instrnction ih elementary truths. U'T'Mwe ' 'igupntet ?;> lizmqteple 1 : Y isiting 0.6. in diffarent parte of-Sieeaftii amoHgstdiffsrentacee, .hnrches,acd . De. n r, m i n ne ffi'e -timp Bible cfaasSQ'mA,«M'eonyin(me that my woi; 'fsmposrible— ifi.xione toohtrong.; CMdraifE: the R6man 'or ltalian Churhh ' (whose ciartdsare uiissionaries from ai foreign,, an ItaliAitp3"tiroh " td ' fhiglmh Speaking people), raildren- of the " denominations " which are ecclesiastically termed sects, train thar chRdrenin thmrVCatechisins/ jor in what 'aiiBwers "thoreoo, with wonderful success. That man desires some shortly pat and easily grasped guide, summary and explanation ' of the faith to /'be believed is shown by the success of the " Italian Mis sion," commonly called the Roman Catholic Church, and by the success of General Booth. These I make bold to say, more so the latter,' would have : made' far less head way among our people out here in Australia if our Church's; Matter, of instruction had , been adhered to solely. A teacher of many years has pointed ont to me that in the country districts of his experience few, if any, were lost to 'the. Church because the whole instruction imparted was that which' I have delineated together with the Articles. It is his contention (he told me this after he heard me read this paper at the meeting of the S.S.T. of Ballarat at AU Saints' on Feb. 25, 1892) that the children are lost to the Church (from his experience of town and country S.S. and their fruits) for the very reasons I have -pointed 'out. (iiL ) " Ob, . fait we want to teach the Bible. Quite so, . so -do I, And let me add that inasmuch as the Catechism is the essence of the Bible cannot teach the one without a. full use, by way of illustrations, proof, tbc., of the mother. It is possible to bring into., a thorough; explanation of the Church Catechism not only all the chief facts, events, characters, prophecies, &c.;, of the Bible, but also tiie theology of the Church of England. ; I may claim to , have done this, if the many testimonies of com petent critics be any proof. What I have done any other clergyman can do also, if he will take the necessary steps thereto. " Extracts " in a concentrated form have in order td'tnake them of use. to receive, an addition of that which is excluded by -con centration but necessary when for use; so with the Catechism and the Bible. This objection then is nothing, because teaching the Bible goes with teaching the Catechism (under winch term everywhere herein, save where excepted,- I mean the four parts of oar Church's Order of Matter, see 2, L, a, b, c, d above) as a matter of necessity. The great difference to me seems to lie in this : that, by following our Church's Matter, we Itave the doctrines fired for us and the points to be taught, and weusethe Bible to prone, illustrate,, and so on, that is, we cannot interpret' the. Bible, the interpretation is done and faced for us ; whereas by not so following 'Jmt by laUng the Bible as the bains, we teach Without -method, we neglect or teach, without any order the c hief points of the Christum Faith, we malse up our own doctrines, we interpret, or rather mis interpret, texts as we please, in short, uje teach from our partial ignorance, rather than from the full knowledge of our Church. This dif- feraice seems to me ta be overlooked. Nothing necessary for. ialoalion is omitied by follow ing our Church's Mailer, though much, carol and private judgment art avoided, and a gvord is provided against any omissioh of essentials or insertion off non-essrhliafs. v. . (iv.) Bnt now-a-dayB we have S.S.T. who can teach the- Bible, it is said. Have we? Brat- S?lkT. I have met say , they can' Jteach ibnf Chnrch's Matter, but they do not profess to be able tcr teaeh the Bible.' May I add that if after an average of two hours every day for fourteen years of theological study. I feel -liidre and more ignorant'less and less fit to teach, less and less inclined or desirous of .teaching;.becauise -I tfeel there, is io much, so very much to be learnt, can I reasonably be supposed to believe that our hard-work ing, good-hearted, well-intentioned, devoted S.S.T. are fitly equipped for giving Bible instruction ?G Hpw- fewf iltend."Teacbers' ; Meetings toj makeXhhmselvsBim some way1 fit! How many think that any commentary wjiU do ! Jfowmanytelk-va bttie and then- xchdagx%qj goqdyjboqk 'instead.jof teaching ""Christ ! How many think that they can teach and do not want any clergy man's help ! How many neglect tospecially seek the Holy Spirit's help' ! ( It there things were reversed, if our S.S.T. did possess carefully prepared written notes from the £ti|>cf Jat'Sy written, notes because, owing to the vast strides daily made in Biblical knowledge - and criticism, no commentaries can be up to date. Let, me . give . an illustration — We, have bequ (rectos to med' o jteach (that the ' name of God "never occurs In The book of Esther, hat Dr. Bullinger has Iately,disr covered that it - moors- four timesfiriKfced- into the sacred text in an acrostic form. I might refer amongst many other matters to the reootiiflatidn (of (ti&difiianehces; irf.itke Lord's Prayer given IjyjSfc IfBtthpwjmdlt. Luke on am Ara.ma.in Rnhgtanm. jmk rjtmie will not allow. Bnt .tiiese of S.S.T. who, ,rJi£glect TeMdUinB' Meetings. n Well fi.S.T. aftec.31, well able fee iIfiMe witkout tiie aiil- guidanoe and direction of our clergyman ? Do we not see the wisdom of our Church in giving us Matter for instruction, and the need of """g and following th&t; Matter and OrdK, defip&e; Mdefe (and! Sbfa|fteS)ffiergy!myIher add that no S.S.T. has any right to jt|»chpr. read from any book other than tire Bible and B.C.P. witjiyutfthA fiixtidfatahuld «q(iprovdi of the clergyman. (v.) Some will object, "We prefer to teach the Bible rather than the Church" Catechism, because the Bible is inspired and Crudcn's Concordance.onlyjrivics- that, wont, twice ifitii£ IbblS-i-once in xroo 8; of the spirit in man, onoe in 2 Tim. iiL 16 of all scripture, or as R.V. has it more cor- "recUy,"" every'edmtntoThBpired df Gpd (b profitable for, &xt; Therefore, man's spirit may 'be a toapitmt'Mipagiiation,' and scripture, (Le., a; writing) may be inspired.. to the wntinvich make up ;the Bible ? Even 2 Tim. nL Ifrtvte it Bach anjopeu question -that it may be fairly argued thence that itpresupposes that other writings jthan those now in toe Bible may be, or were: then " in existenoe at lnkpired, and if so are profit-; able; Ac. , 5nd.be sense rflTho. iiL 16-1)?. I ask tiien for the Chnrch Catechism (yes, and for 1 the - whole B.C. P.) as one of jhese writings, though of later .times, all-, that is . assigned to? such writings in 2 Tim.' iii.. ; because I' claim inspiration for the pate- chism (the' guidance of the Holy Spirit for Its Author in writing and for-oor- jCbyrth in accepting it) aeemg that the CatMsin con- ' taiiiB the essenoeof thatmost inqiired Book, ' the Bible. I cannot dare to say that, God the Holy .Ghost ceased to inspire Rafter the close of the N. T. -Canon. I should stultify my experience, common ense snd obtorva- tion of His work in others did I say (that. What is inHpiration ? Our -Church has not defined it. 1 will not attempt to defme it .myself. ;. -It. is. quite certain Lhat our Cnurch dote' not" hold That inspiration means a supernatural verbal dictation which jnade anihe wnitera of-, the Bible infallible — a idnd of "thing ' which Madame Blavatsky cfaimed; dorr her jpronderfrd gncyclopsdic hook' ' " Ms"' Unveiled "-a bbok,' though wonderful, yet which will not repay you for the time -wasted in' reading it. ' ""The meaning of inspiration as indicated by all the greatest writers of theology and by the decisive usage of our own Church does not imply .an - -exclusive Theopneustia for the saa-ed writera.-amditiiiriesB fdr every word which they mtterediteixocord. It meant the nfiuenceVof tfollMy,Spint of God re- veahngHxmBelf in w«J4graatahoiight and -utterance bf the aonl bf manj given in toe bestowal of evmy hobdeaflfperfect gift' " IFatrar, . Hiat. of lutn(nnL.ip. 370). "The Worf 'rnspiration' qsSiSra hve pr six times in the Prayte Book and Homilies of the brdiiu&ypBs; tfi -thelfoly .jSputt which are wholfy: apart ? from : fcfeihily " (ibid.). Pereomally.J dynamical theory ( with limitatiqns fir exteanatiims) , which is, '.'.that ithe anth 'of Thehreks were em ployed hs the <3i annals of !A;flivine com- mnniratigni fo;.mamPBjsgafyet retained their own individndlily, that the substance of their writings is divine, their form was dteenhined hy; the.peraonal character and circumstances tef -each individual writer."; Be that so or not, I claim inspiration for toe Church Catechism, and that no more need. be:said to _ anawer!any. objection having: for its bams toe non-inspiration of the Catechism . Into degrees of inspiration I do not enter. I will willingly ana readily allow that the Bible is inspired in a greater degree than, any other book in " the world: I clodm that the Catechixm. as teaching and explaining the Bible is . immeasurably more inspired ihqn is Wcdy lo be any person's private exposition of the Bible. If only on this ground our Church fa justified in malting it the Matter of instruc tion— that she does this see 2, i, above. Snbely loyalty to our Chnrch requires us to accept her directions. (vi) In conclusion, I desire to s&y; that you may not" be able to feed's, idefitete person' and cannot a child on a pound of beef, bnt yon can feed both on toe juice -or beef-ex- ' tract from that pound ol beef : so with toe Bible and the Catechism! Ti that beef- extract be too concentrated you add thereto A fitting vehicle : bo with the Catechism ; and I. think the best vehicle is Biblical illn-: stration and language, e.g.. in the way of Scripture Proofs. Again, the Bible is a col-; lection of books, to put it briefly, to teach Christ: toe Catechism, the Alphabet ' Index and bey of toe Bible, does this in the concisest, beantifnlest and best manner. - Till children " come to years of discretion " I' desire that the foundation of allfoture Bible study should be laid by teaching toe Cate chism. I value that priceless Book, the Bible, (which contains ' toe "Word of God ' but is not 'toe Word of God.' a title which belongs to Christ alone) too highly to dis parage it, and because I do so value . it -I desire that it shall be teught properly and with only one end, viz., Christ ana all that one word means- . I contend that that end is best attained by first teaching the Church Catechism, which is after ail like unto toe perfect analysis of a book — it is the Bible displayed so that each child of God may know what he or toe may expect to find in the Bible. What- will more elevate any child and cause it to bless you in after years than to impress upon it tiiese three great truths taught in the beginning of ' the Cate- chism, that it is a member of Christ, a child Of God and an inheritor of toe kingdom of, heaven? These three truths have been the comfort and power of my life, timnVc to toe wisdom of a wise loving mother who taught me in our Chnrch's way from my very earliest days. If you think me an enthusiast on the subject of the Catechism, I am so for personal reasons just referred to, from ex perience gained from observation, from : reverence for toe superior wisdom of our Church. Whilst the B.G.P remains, with Us ndnrics at the end xff the. Catechism.' and its Baptismal Service as now, I cannot . depart from the views hereinbefore expressed. ' May up alteration be made ! Those who disagree with me must prove that the B.C.P. is -wrong I yield to no one in my respect fortoe Bible. It must be remembered that some of 2. v. above only has a local interest and' value. It must not be inferred that! aocept the views -of Prebendary Row in JLv. above. . It may be' inferred that the logical conclusion of my view is toe support of Voluntary Church Schools in England as amungt Board Schools and the erection of Church of England Schools in Australia rather toan wasting time over what we are never likely to get, 'the right to teach Christ' (for I won't support anything less than that) in State Schools. Until we get that I still continue my daily morning religious instruction in my Church for all who like to come. ' 4- B&k-teathers;' preparation. i-(i) Cireum- -fetancesinay cbnrpel mnetbf-yon, the devoted, loyal, highly-to-be-praised, zealous, well m«LyiT>p) nobleu| <txnq " S.TjT t)Ssjwt rolfe£Di0ce6eff Ballarat to-teabh"lie <Bi&e; astiie basis orMriterof insfrnction. Ihave very little to say to you that is new. I have already 4weR<i. tiie importaaoe of 'Te&chersLMeeiings;, & see Note A). I will ATnpiraznw that by pointing out certain requisites for Bible study : — (1) Some' know- lmerfff|lve%6ek andLatjn,«rfif apt fcowrifc least - -very soon icvf ATfrmaicriS) acquired knowledge balanced by the gift of reason, -fee., so as (i) to allow for the thought, life, customs, Ac., of the people bjr ana to rwhom each p&rtof; the:Bibla?w written- (ii) !to knbw,the miaTitng of words in the days concerned so as not to foist 19th century meanings qnJn words, (m) ,-to understand the style ofeachwriter, e.y.'So as to make allow ance for such fanciful conceits as that of the Author of the book qf Esther and for paral lelism in the Psalms and (iv. ) to be sure that Ihe .wriieror' apeakec- used a tongue atfributed to tq; &11QW fr any possibilities, yArayiair .epaylar under the andf all th&t; Is trasmiion in ?Andideacoq iWatkmsV<uy ! valued, friend, to whdm I owe'more than I m.n express for giving me the impetus to 'think, study, &c.;, and for teaching me there in ; I do not exaggerate when 1 say I owe able expqdtion of that term in his JBampton hwhirai fse Note B) » (3) then there must be fhf removal of all prejudice Areconceived WnfcrSj am'llii'Wwe faaSwupent of all ideas derived directly or indirectly from that u half-pagan, half -heretic Milton " (as Dean "Stanley well him— a man whose tefihinga in rfian- ttjflnwinp harfl been. X ttmk» heUi: (4) some view of inspiration, and the ' recognition of the asserted difference between it and infallibility. Tea, and other things vie' required? too, for a study of the Bfijle before teaching it. — If such direct study be not needful for aH least cruch training and study as wffi fit- the, Teacher to takeadvan- tage. of the direct study of others; ion the above lines is necsarv. Now do you see the need of attending B.ST. meetings if yon are to teach Ctinst in truth .and, not Chiist or the Bible so imperfectly ; that vour work has to be undone 'and perhaps had better never have been . attempted! as -onie may think. \ (ii) But Hie S.S.T, preparation far aid must be also a spiritqal one. No one can4 teach Christ who has not the spirit of Christ. "He thathaththe Son hathlife." The Son Sere denotes Chrfst. From Himlife comes, !«nd thenfon those who have Him can !be -expectedte-gtve Him forth tq -others. Tbe Sun radiates light whife it receives cf. 'my . . Opd an Religion of Scteacqnd cf the Bibh' . p. 67). We may radiate fee light of life, which -is Christ, if w£ get that Light from - Him. 41 He feat tiefe Me/sHaN live by Meiw "He . that; eateth , My 1 Flesh -and drinketh Mv Blood dwellefcb m Mfe'and I o Him,h are fee utterances of Christ which as ' I have elsewhere shown (i&id.; pp. 63-66) can in Christ's mouth' have xmly one -meaning, viz., Be partakers fee Holy Cdtnmunibn of the Body and- Blood of Christ,. which ; forms the food of the soul, a channel ior im- partingthe spirit of Christ. (Hi) .Fkith, too, is necessary. Faith which makes all fee diffidence between receiving Chrises IBodyand Blood beneficially or hot ; though I do nbt.mean to Imply that the ifsrith of the .recipient makes the Sacrament to be ChristV Body and Blood: - : Faith' that 'God will use you and guide you by His Holy Spirit to teach if and oruy if you have prepared as thoroughly as possible and as humbly— Faith that God will hear your prayers for your guidance and for your (iv) Prayer too Is needed — prayer for your class, for your own guidance, for your- clergyman's guidance — prayer ' before you begin to study or: give your lesson, whilst studying or giving it and after studying or givingit. Confession of sins and humility. No wisdo'm from on high is given to the proud. The linepf oqmmtmication by prayer between God fed the' boul is broken by sin, uncon- fessed; and unforgiven, and is blocked by want of faife.: ' The answer cannot return except 'the febiy bepaad in fee-form of4 Not my will but .Thine be done." (v).Now when the preparation is over and the lesson given there "is apt to be a feeling of despondency— better that than absence of any - feeling .'save that of self-satisfaction. 'But do not be cast down. Tike some encouragement from the history of our Church which shows, to use the words of a great thinker, ' th&t; the strongest part of the Church of England is represented by her badly paid inferior cleigy." This .applies to S.S.T. who are the great unpaid nursing men and women of the Church, and in them one of -the strongest .parts -of the , Church lies. As such our S.S.T. fee like the badly paid inferior jCleigy, heroes of faith-rfaith in one 'formthat is .rarely, /if ever,; realized here. Heroes of' frith in its-noblest fense are' you ! But remember that the old -.heroes of frith of Hebrews xi.— ypur spiritual ancestors — died not having _ received. So lt may be with you. You may never here receive or see the fruit of your faithful labour? but if sown in faife, if the seed be Christ and nothing else, then the fruit will come in time— in God's time either here or hereafter, for God's time is eternity. .Oh, then, ye heroes of- frith,- one and all remember feat there is a spirit with in you and .fee . inspiration, ol fee Almighty alone can give it the needful understanding. Seek that inspiration and ye shall have the understanding. The gift which at Pentecost came, in gpeater plenitude than before, has not ceasea with Evangelists and Apostles. It is still true that Every virtue tyc possess >' Eveiy oonqaest won, Every thought of holiness Is His (God's Spiiifs) alone. Faith-heroes, yours may be all the 1 inspi ration3 a Matthew, John, Peter or Paul had for their dealing with individual cases or small collections of individuals ; though it will, I think, never be yours to have the 4 inspiration 3 in that measure which - has made their great work in their writings live, and which has made their writings far far beyond aU others, made them to contain aU things necessary to be believed for being in a state of salvation. As God's spirit will and does inspire you, so teach. That His spirit may inspire each of you, that each soul may contain the Word of God,' who is Christ, fix. your, eyes on the risen not the dead Christ; tone your heart to the melody 'God is Love ; prostrate . your body, soul and spirit before Christ's presence in the Holy Communion, or where two or three are gathered in His Name in the full meaning of that term 4 Name,9 or where alone you com mune with the Ever-Present Unseen but Felt God;, sanctify your, thoughts by a bumble .study of that priceless . Book - which 'tells of the Word of God . (guided , by fee . Catechism), which is a sure basis of what we know ol the Word of God, and. through, and in which the 'Word of God Hitnaftlf speaks to every humble hungry soul. Faife-neroes ye are. ' Faith-heroes ye must remain. Live by and in the frith which is in Christ and teach Him ever and only. Do not be content wSh teaching Him. as Jesus Christ, the product of history, but as Christ Jesus, the Divine, God, abiding in. Sis Cnurch for ever and with tckom all must be in spiritual union. (Note C.) Sole A. — Last Sunday9 Lesson was on the Book of Jonah; attendance at a S.S.T. meeting would doubtless have caused you to teach these lessons for our present demands : (i) Christ's resurrection and its importance on onr religion (ii) Christ's infallibility when bring fee O.T. (iii) Christ's "imprimatur on the O.T. (iv). our Church's doctrine of Conversion. Gonid any commentary have produced -tiiese lessons, for . onr peculiar pressing needs ? Note B. —(By) 44 translation or tf feis term > lias acquired too narrow . a .meah/ng, - trans- ; mutation, re-formation, growth (nor need we ; ciirinlr from the true sense . of .. fee terms development and evolution). I mean trans- lationin language from Aramaic into Greek; translation in tima extending over more than half a century, the -writer passing from man hood to mature bid fee; translation in place" especially referring : here to, as the whole1 was written for 1 . John) ' ".from : Palestine to Ephesus j trferiatmh m out- wfed mddes of feought/froni the simplicity bl Jewife' 'fifehermen fed,. peasants, or fee: ritual j of ' Pharisees . and, priests, to fee technicfeities ol a people who hadfrrmed for a century fee meeting- -groond, and in part fee union, of fee/phuoBophittiof East and West" Bampton Lectures,p..426.|:>' ' NoU &. — Reply tohiy critica-frH Review herein taken be nelcLio-be incorrect, it can only be so .proved to be, /I veotore to assert,: httfllinannttiW t.liA PnKnM.ttfc tliA.Mld ri toe Gatedusm and the Baptismal Service are ; meaningless or non-binding. " ; . "XVe can ta ve .no confidence," rays toe. Bishopof -Lincoln, "in Any system of Edu cation which does not recognise toe necessity of toat : supernatural- nssistanoe which: God has provided forue in rdig6n ; and we can be satisfied with no relion wliicli does not teach toe whole Counsel of God, as toe Church of provides toat every <iU of fans tout be diahght it— Asmdytoe Creed;- tiie iIiord'stFrayer,- toe-Ten ;Com- mnnHmanfaj and that fufeer lnstruttion''-ln fee Church Catechismras fee summary of ftaamiwifaMy ftjfarktifin, whifefeereqcHFesall C%risfefrn- baretitB to' provide - for thfe when tiigy brmg them tofebfbnt.-" Writ i-kny0jnhiiTmf/Wn.'im " v" knowledge superior to rfeat tG$feb\feantiy Buhbp of .fins momenwus ' subject' of re ligious whftthar -wraa i in ,'pur Sunday-sfeoofror.cfefirjfeoSB 1: 