PITT'S GAME AGAIN. FEW English Ministries upon taking office were confronted with greater difficulties than Mr. Gladstone's Government have to face. They certainly have not to take up the manage- , ment of an unpopular foreign war, and It is something in their favour that there is no immediate prospect of trouble on the Continent of Europe. But there are numerous questions of home and foreign politics to be dealt with that will tax the resources of the Ministry to the utmost, and in the former category must be included the Irish question, which, from unexpected developments, has become a much more complex problem than could have been apprehended less than two years past. The death of Mr. Parnell, by leading to disunion in the Irish ranks and the development of Parnellism, rather seriously complicates the Irish question for the Liberal party, and along with that unforeseen difficulty Mr. Gladstone has a much more grave one in a legacy which the late Government has left him. In recent telegrams from Europe in the daily papers it was stated that once agaiu Fenianism was raising its head in Ireland rather portentously. We discredited the statement, finding it hard to believe that any section of the Irish people, after the bitter experience they have had in matters of the kind, could be so foolish and so rash as to once again put their faith in a revolutionary project of a most insane character. And as it had become manifest that the policy of Constitutional agitation was on the eve of being rewarded through Mr. Gladstone's return to power, it can create no surprise that we were most reluctant to believe that any number of Irishmen could be found willing to mar, by their own criminal folly, the bright prospects of the National cause. We did not, however, take into account what a Ministry which justified the policy of Pitt in Ireland might attempt in the same direction, and partly accomplish with the aid of a secret service fund, supplemented, if necessary, by a liberal Carlton Club subscription. None of the wickedness of which the Tory Government had been guilty was unknown to us. Numerous as they were, we could number its evil deeds in the way of debauching the servants of the Crown suborning false witnesses against the innocent, bludgeoning and slaying defenceless women and men, corrupting the source of justice, and shielding their own tools from the consequences of their crimes ; and yet, with all that knowledge of what the Coercionist Government was capable of, it did not oecur to us that it was so utterly reckless of all moral obligations that under any stress of circumstances it could be persuaded to resort to the infamous tactics by which Pitt and his instruments excited rebellion in '98. But it now appears that even in modern times the Tory system of governing Ireland cannot be trusted to refrain from devices that can only be rightly described as infernal and inhuman. A few years past, when one or two of the bishops of Ireland deemed it necessary to warn their flocks against the emissaries of a secret society, the necessity for the warning had already become known to us, and now again we have reliable information that agents of the revolutionary organisation known as the Invincibles are endeavouring to seduce the Irish people into unlawful courses, such as would inevitably bring themselves within the clutches of the law, and their country's cause to discomfiture. From the information which has reached us on the subject, we have with much pain to acknowledge that there were grounds for those cable messages which represented Fenianism as springing up again in Ireland, for, in some of its features, and these not the blackest, the conspiracy now afoot is Fenianism in all but the name. According to our authority, the compact by which the Invincibles are bound together more heinously violates the laws of God and man than any obligations into which the Fenians entered, and more closely resembles Nihilism in its terrorism than any secret society which at any period heretofore found root in Ireland. The introduction of the Invincibles into Ireland from the United States dates from a period anterior to the defeat of the late Government. The agento of the society were at work; in Ireland long before Lord Houghton arid Mr. Morley reached Dublin Castle, and there is no i*om to doubt but that their predecessors were wel{ acquainted with the existence of the organisation. There are reasons—and strong ones, too—for more than suspecting that the society existed with the connivance of the late Government, and that some of the men most active in propagating its principles were Castle spies. Men who were once the dupes of the organisation, and hare now freed themselves from its unholy toils, ntertain not the smallest doubt but that the Salisbury Government was privy to all its proceedings, and that these were eacouraged by men of the Le Cai'ron stamp, with the object of thus bringing about either a crop of political murders or another abortive rising) and so affordng the Tory administration an opportunity of putting in practice the bloody precedent handed down to them from heir predecessors in the time of Pitt. They could thus squelch Home Rule in Ireland as a rat is killed, and at the same time turn the Liberals against the cause—that is, if Salisbury had not gone ut and Mr. Gladstone had not come in. From the day James Stephens was permitted to land unmolested in Dublin, there has been reason to suspect the Tory Government of this desperate game, the consequences of which are most embarrassing to the present Ministry, and to the cause of Ireland a danger of a really ominous character. The desperate men whose folly and rashness now threaten a great cause have, unhappily, been petted and encouraged by factionists, for, if by coquetting with the revolutionary party they had not ingratiated themselves with the " Hillside men," they would have had no following whatever in the country. And so, as far as they could have done, Mr. Redmond and his friends have sacrificed the hopes of Ireland to their own personal ambition. They played into the hands of a Tory and Coercionist Government, and partly from that cause the Irish policy of the present administration is embarrassed to dangerous degree. But let us hope that these clouds only intensify the darkness which precedes the dawn, and that Mr. Morley, with the knowledge of his predecessor's designn'thlrf iaff come to him through office, will be able to defeat them. AN announcement that should be welootna to all who take an interest in Catholic education is made this week in our advertising columns. It is from the Christian Brothers, who from the beginning of the year will conduct the oollege in Ballarat, which for a short time was under the management of the Fathers of the Holj Ghost. We hope for the undertaking a large measure of suocese, and hope in this case is very unlikely to meet with any disappointment, as success invariably attends the labours of the Brothers in the cause to which they are devoted. Their fame as teachers in the elementary courses has been long established, and they are winning for themselves a record equally good in the higher branches of education. The universities of neighbouring colonies, where they have had colleges for some time, have already fixed on their work the Btamp of merit of the highest order, and thegraduing satisfactory progress in their professional studies. Both in Brisbane and in Adelaide their students have come out of the university tests with much credit to themselves and their masters, and there is no reason to suppose that the Christian Brothers' College in Ballarat will not be equally successful. That result may, indeed, be confidently anticipated, and so we may, on perfectly safe grounds, congratulate the revered Bishop of the diocese on the selection he has made in this case. THE Christmas number of the Advocate will be published next Saturday, and we venture to promise that it will be found as entertaining and as suitable to the holy season as any previous issue of the kind. Agents should give timely notice of any additional copies they may require, and tradesmen and others who, with any special object in view, may wish at this festive season to attract public attention should Bend in their advertisements early. IT is notified in another column that Messrs. Gaunt and Co. have commenced an extensive sale, which will oentinue for the next few weeks. In addition to the very large stock of watches, jewellery, etc., the firm are determined to reduce their surplus stock of church plate, vestments, and other church requisites, and are offering exceptional inducements to purchasers during the sale. ON Monday the Governor gave the Boyal assent to the following Acts of Parliaments- Barristers and Solicitors' Admission Act, Stamps Act Amendment Act, State School Teachers' Salaries Act, Local Government Act Amendment Act, Warracknabeal to Donald Bailway Construction Act. The Load Line Act was reserved for the assent of her Majesty. AN alarm in which we shared, wa« ccasioned at 9.15 on Wednesday night by he tolling of St. Francis' Church bell for several minutes. Our reporter hurried to the scene eager to render assistance in ease of fire, but instead of returning with a sensational report made one that restored onr composare. The bell was tailed as a Hark of respeot during Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament in connection with the Bedemjitorist mission; Tfizi Oabinet on Monday deoided to reappoint the Acting Bailway Commissioners* Messrs. R. H. Francis, W. M„ Kibble, and K. . Murray, for a term of twelve months. The term for which they were previously appointed expires this month. THE Hawthorn mystery Was on Wednesday as muoh a mystery as ever. An it seemed to some persons who communieated with the detectives that the exposed limbs might have belonged to a person who was buried from the hospital) an otder authorising the e*humation of the body df the.deoeased was applied for; but the officers in charge of the case did not attach muoh importance to the suspicion. THE Premier on Tuesday enumerated the bills on the notice-paper of the Legislative Assembly that are to be abandoned. They are the Sharebrokers Bill, Education Endowment Bill, State Forests Bill, Public Service Act Amendment Bill, Teachers' Salaries Bill, Railways Act Amendment Bill, Coal Klines Bill, Mining Companies Lav Amendment Bill, Pascoe Vale Bailway Bill, Mining Boards Abolition Bill. Tan Government have submitted nine of the lines recommended by the Railway Standing Committee, and, in addition to these, notice has been given by private members of the following railway projects :—Alberton to Woodside, Warragul to M'Donald's Track, Alexandra branch to Alexandra, Boort vi& Barraport to Quambatook, St. Arnaud to Rupanyup, and Heidelberg to Eltham. IN the Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. Graham stated that 15,132 names were registered on the books of the Government Labour Bureau, and work had been found for 4560 men. Mr. Shiels said the Btate of the labour market in Victoria was well known to the immigration agencies in London, and that the Victorian Agent-General had taken no part in the conference of Agents-General to discuss the possibilities of relieving the pressure of the unemployed in London by immigration to Australia 