Round the Camp Fire THE monkeys were safely yarded for the night just inside a patch of thick scrub, and tired out our droving friends were taking a well- earned spell. The day bad been a ter- rible trying one. Early morning, burnt country bad been met with; the ravaged area appeared to be of considerable extent, for Milligan, who went out to reconnoitre, said there was nothing for it but to go through it, and make for Deadman's Scrub, ten miles away, instead of camping at Wirra, where there used to be good water, only six miles distant. The forced march all day across burnt plains, without a bit of green, was fearful, and were it not for Wirra, where the stock got a drink, the losses must have been great. A queer place Wirra — it was merely a mud spring, around which a coarse grass grew, but the water was sweet and pure. At Deadman's the ravages of the fire bad been stayed by a small gully, which appeared to embrace the timber like a bow — in fact the scrub was a pocket, as it were A nice picking for the sheep ere sundown, : but they had to be securely yarded in case they strayed away amid the undergrowth, which Milligan said, was more dense than one would think. " Do you know the place 7" asked Brady. " Know it!" returned Milli gan ; " I think I should, for it was here while droving cattle to Adelaide a few years ago, I lost the nicest young fellow in my party. But I'll tell yon how I named this place. "DEADMAN'S SCRUB." I was taking some stores from the Flindersi and when going through Forest Grove running down the Thompson Eiver-a young fellow asked me if I could give him a job. He seemed a respectable, soft spoken chap, and had some breeding in him. I told him I was pretty full up, but I could tind him a job as a cook's offsidcr at 15s. a week. He thanked me most effusively I say " Doc tor," just run out and turn that moke of mine ; I think he has rid himself of his bobbles. The " Doctor" got up and swearing under his breath at Milligan's racer, went after the horse, saying as he went " Give it a spell, boss, till I come back." But as the '? Doctor" sneaked after the horse, so did the animal travel, until at last man and horse was lost amid the timber. The moon was shining brightly, making it almost as light as day ; but no one feared for the safety of the chef, who, although a good cook was a bad bushman. The idea of the " Doctor" getting bushed never once entered the bead of anybody. After waiting a few minutes and the " Doctor" not returning Milligan resumed : As I was saying be thanked me most effusively, and said be was real hard up, but that if once be got " below" he thought he would do all right, for he bad letters of intro. to merchants in Melbourne and Adelaide. 1 bad a bit of a chat with him at the camp tire that night, but he was very reticent: and I could tell there was something he kept back-he would stop and sigh and look far away, and the thought struck me " There's a woman at the bottom of it," and it tunned out afterwards I was right. He said he came from Warwick, where his people were well-to-do, and the Duke was his-here he stopped short, and he had been in the colony six mouths. He gave his name as "Jack Valiant,'' and said he bad left the steamer at Towusville, intending to go away to the goldfields, where he would be unknown. He had reasons for wishing himself out of the world, but he would not shoot himself or do any other thing to disgrace his family, but lie would endeavor to forget his troubles by hard graft. But he drifted away inland, finding a man with '? putty" fingers was little good for manual labor, and after many viciscitudes be at length found himself at the " Grove," wondering where he'd turn next. There was not much iu this tale: We hear of such instances every day. A young fellow quarrels with the old people, and in high dudgeon haves the parental rooftree and with a little money determines to strike out for himself in a new world. Hut how often does he find the world cold and cbeerlcss: and when he has exhausted his money and "popped" his trinkets and "clawhammer," and finds he has nothing but what he stands in. no wonder he disappears from the scene where God only knows. ABk the Yarra, the KepeaD, the Murray, or the Brisbane Some of you chaps cooey for the " Doctor." " Cooey" soon resounded from half- a-dozen throats, which was immediately answered from the scrub. "All right, he's coming, Kir," eays Brady, and Milligan resumed. Well, 1 got to like Jack, and we became so friendly as to exchange confidences. The poor fellow is dead and gone now, so it don't matter if I tell you about him ; only one thing I will keep to myself, and that is bis name, But when he told it to me, I could not help doffing my bat, which made him laugh heartier than 1 had ever seen him before. "You forget I'm your servant," he said. " Titles are as nothing in democratic Australia, although I notice some of the most prominent Unionists, and would-be Socialists, arc as fond of double-barrelled names as " and he stopped. But his history came oat this wise. We were busy making camp, when "Jack," hurriedly taking his handkerchief out of his shirt drew something with it, which fell to the ground unnoticed by him. I saw it fall, and finding " Jack" did not observe his loss, picked it up, and with natural, and I may say pardonable inquisitiveness, looked at it. It was a photo graph of the bust of a lovely woman ; she appeared to have flashing dark eyes, with a most lovable mouth. Underneath in a spider like band was written, " With eternal love, Verbena." I gave it him with apologies for looking at it. He looked at it lovingly and Burreptitously kissing it, pot it back inside his shirt. Later on I said to him, "I think I kfiow yoar secret: you will nercr be happy until yon put that photo, away; as long as you keep it by you the canker will remain." "Ton are right, I feel you are right," said he, " but how can I do it. You don't know what it is"-" and thank God I hope never to," I interrupted. I then offered to advise him it he would like to confide in me, as with my experience of the world I could per haps help bim to forget the past. And be did. He said he was twenty-four when he fell in love with tbe eldest daughter of , a girl about twenty-two years of age ; she was called Verbena, although it was her second christian name. The affec tion was returned, and the parents looked with appreciation upon the young couple, for the match was tbongjt to be a love one in every sense of the word. The couple were duly engaged, and poor " Jack" was waiting patiently for the day when he should call Verbena his very own. But an affair of his father's necessitated bis going to the contin ent for a few months, and on tbe evening prior to bis departure his lady love gave him the portrait I picked up. "Eternal love,'' bah, such rot. women are as fickle as " I say, Milligan, what's up," broke in the Boss. " I guess you know something of women, after all." " No, I do not," replied Milligan, "But I always get on my tail when I think of poor 'Jack' and bis faithless lady love." Well, "Jack" received letters every mail for a time full of tbe usual love rubbish, when the correspondence suddenly ceased, and although be wrote borne and to Verbena several times he could learn nothing; he could not return to England until be bad accomplished the diplomatic mission upon which be was sent, so he had to fume and fret for a wbole month without learning a word of his dear "Verbena." Although he obtained letters from home regularly, his intended's name was never mentioned. At last the mail brought him a letter from an old chum, which stabbed bim to tbe heart. " Sorry for you, old man," said the letter. " but perhaps it is better as it is. I never cared much for Verbena, but I little thought she would so disgrace herself as to elope with the footman. Your mother is in a great way about it, and is afraid to write to you, but I bave done so, knowing that you have about finished your work at Baden," Poor " Jack," bis feelings must bave been terrible, for he was stricken down with an illness that lasted many weeks. He loved the girl so truly, and so believed in the honesty of ber love, that the news she had been unfaithful almost killed him. When he regained con sciousness his father and mother were with him, and he soon learned all. A fortnight before Verbena had suddenly disappeared. Jeames. tbe head footman, was missing at the same time. The foolish girl was traced to London, where she was married, giving the name of Jane Carter; " Jeames" and his wife afterwards went by steamer to Calais, where traces were lost-and up to the present tbe detectives could not find them. " Jack*' recovered but slowly : he could not cease to talk of his lost love, whom he loved more ardently than ever-now he felt be had lost her. The doctors recommended a change of scene, and three months afterwards " Jack'' took passage in a B.I.S.N. boat for Brisbane, Queensland. As stated before "Jack" got off the boat at Townsrille. " Jack" appeared more cheerful after telling me bis history, and I had hoped Le was cured of his craze. Rut, I found I was mistaken. When nearing the Wirrn, where we watered the sheep, you remember, we camped for the night, and after setting the camp "Jack" said he wanted to have a few words in private with me. We went away from the crowd and squatting down on the grass " Jack" com ; menced : (I remember his words as if be told them me yesterday). "Milligan, I look upon you as the only friend I have got-in Australia. I am so low spirited that I feel like putting an end to my miserable life." "Don't talk like that, old man," I inter posed. " Don't interrupt me till I've had my say," responded "Jack." I don't knotv what's up with me, but I've a presentiment I'll die soon-I can't shake it off. What's the use of living ; my love, oh ! Verbena" and the poor chap broke down, and I confess I felt a lump rise in my throat as I witnessed his agony. " Have I forgotten her, Milli gan ? No 1 You thought I had conquered my feelings, but I suffered in secret; and the old people-they must mourn mc as dead, for I have never written to them. Do you see this 1" and he took out of his shirt a bit of the front page of the linen aiul Country, and I read '. , (here was a name). Write at once : parents dying of grief. Do not delay.-Ellen." « That's my sister's name," said "Jack." "When I am gone," continued "Jack," " make mc a promise yon will write home and tell them all you know about me ; in my swag you will find a packet: send it to them." I promised, and tried to cheer him up, but it was a hopeless task. After talking an hour or so, wc returned to tbe camp, when Jack" went to tbe cart and opening his swag-it was only a small one-took from it something which he unfolded from a piece of cloth. With a smile he came to where I was and said, turn ing to the men, who were lying or sitting around, "Chaps, I'm leaving you soon, and as the boss here has been very good to mo I want to give bim a little token ; you all wit ness I give bim this, in case anything happens-later." The men looked surprised and interested at once. " Mr. Milligan" (he was always respectful), said "Jack," taking my band, and slipping a ring on my finger. " Wear this ring in remembrance of me. and ." he turned quietly away, and the chaps remarked, "Why he's howl ing ; what's up." He returned again in a few minutes,and said quietly tome, " Pardon my emotion ; couldn't help it: it's her's the only bit of jewellery I saved. She gave it to me when wc were engaged. You see ber initials on it and the family crest." I tried to poob pooh it off ; it was no good, and tbe ring, which you can see is a very good one, I wear to this day, and Milligan poked out his finger ; but he did not expose it long enough for us to see the characters on the stone, but each man mentally resolved to see what inscription the ring bore first chance he got. Well, I'm getting near the end, now. Next day we got close to tbis scrub, when tbe cattle took fright at something and stampeded. Into tbe scrub they rushed, with all bands after them helter-skelter. " Jack" was rid ing close to me. " This is grand." he said. These were the last words I ever beard bim utter. The last I saw of bim be was riding bard through the timber after a big poley cow. Towards noon we got the cattlc back and quietened down, but where was "Jack?" Presently bis horse came in, pumped out, and riderless. Into the scrub, chaps, I shouted, something's up. No time was lost, and 1 followed tbe direction taken by " Jack" when he was after the poley. I kept a sharp look out, and continued calling his iiame, but only the jackasses responded to my calls. I fol lowed the hoof prints and at length came npon a sight which filled me with horror. "Jack" had bent forward to escapo an over* banging limb, bnt must have misjudged tbe height of it, for bis head was caught in the fork of a limb and there he hong suspended. My horse kept quiet while I stood on the saddle (a circus feat I hare never been able to perform since), and got bim down after using some force, for his neck was jammed tight- in the branches. Just as I was getting him down one of the men rode up. Death must have been instantaneous. Poor " Jock," not an eye was dry as we buried him " Oh! Howly Moses," came a voice from the scrub, and presently the " Doctor" came rushing up and fell to the ground panting like a grampus. " What's the matter, Doc?" asked everybody simultaneously. " Oh ! be jabers, save me : mother of Moses ; a ghost!" "Ghost, be d ," in concert again. " Fact, as plain as-oh ! Jewillikins," and the " Doctor' rolled about in his fear, and repeated "Hail. Marys" between bis gasps for breath. "You old fool," said Milligun, " What are you giving us." Looking fur tively round,* the " Doctor" said he had got the horse and was just passing a grave with a bush fence round it in a bit of open when he saw a figure as plain as-and the " Doc tor" failed for a simile. " It was as plain as anything. One hand held a sword, and tbe other hand had a pistol held out so," and the cook held out bis arm. A6 soon as he saw it fear lent him nimble feet and he happened to fly in the direction of the camp. " Chaps," said Milligan, " Come let us investigate the ' Doctor's' Ghost," and going to the cart be took a revolver, and followed by tbe crowd, the " Doctor" tremblingly bringing np tbe rear, struck out in the direction where the ghost was supposed to walk. What they saw will be detailed nest week. 