BANKING PRESSURE. r PHE Bensation of tbe week bos been the news of the Granville Counoil's strained relations with the local office of tbo Commercial Backing Company of Sydney. The whole matter is nhrouded in something of mystery ; inasmuch as no one outside the Bank knotrs for what reasoa the aero w was put on. There is, some persons think, iuternal evidence io the banker's Jettera of a little direct antagonism towards the head of the Council; though this is, admittedly, only apparent to those who profess to have the gift of reading between the lines of documents. But why an institution, of whose extensive business the few financial operations possible to be done by its agent in a quiet town like GrauviMe must be, comparatively, but a flea-bite, was willing to bemoved by a bank manager's uncompromising attitude towards a somewhat strong " Mayor—if the raison d'etre of the little trouble were really nothing else—is one of those things, which (like the doings Of BRET HAHTE'S Celestial card player) aro not to be understood. However, little purpose is to be served sow by any speculations as to the motives "which may be presumed to underlie the bankers 1 actions. They stopped the growth of the Council's ovordraft, somewhat hurriedly, and somewhat unexpectedly, it must be admitted ; and alleged as thnir reason the absence ot " security." Bankers are not as a rule ufHicted with sentiment, and it is argued, and not withuut foroe, by some persous, that the influence possible to be exardsed by bankers is rarely in tho diiection of pro-, gress CAS humanitarians understand tbe term) ; but still bankers generally know what they are doing when they take steps such as tbe one taken a few days ago by Mr. Be KNELL with roference to the Granville Council's overdraft. * * * Admitting all this,—tbat the Bank's action seems rather ptejipitatc ; but that at the same time, /rum the Bank's standpoint there may have appeared on the municipal horizon reasons suflicient to justify such action ; it cannot be be denied that the ail'air cccusiooed little surprise in the tuwn, and quite as much disappointment. It had seemed to many of the mobt solid of Granville' thinking men that an injuetice had botm done, when, a good many months atro, the Council's buaiue^s wut taken away abruptly, from the local branch of the Commercial BaukL and placed in the hands of the gentleman reigning over the rival establishment When, however, a eent-e of justice assorting itself, the majority of the aldermen insisted early this year that the favours of tho Council should b equally divided (and no vehiclo made of the Council's business, to mark eith< mayoral prejudice or alderuianic predeliolions) it was pretty generally felt th H t there was blue sky ahead, especially with regard to the "Commercial.'* Those considerations help to wake the unpleasant matter of this month ail the more inexplicable and as banks very rarely interest themselves in discussing their business with the public—in that state of mystery tbe matter will no doubt be allowed to romain. # • # It is not the province of a newHpaper to go very deeply into tho detailp of a matter of this kind, when the possibility of much public inconvenienco is but small ; ana more especially when both aspects of the difficulty have not been traversed in argument. But, seeing that Granville's affairs, financial and otherwise, were never perhaps better adminibtered than at present ; and seeing moreover that, not only is money pouring in (rapidly, surely, when the depressed state of business elsewhere is considered), but aUo a thorough revision and scrutiny of all the Council's business methods and accounts have lately been prosecuted witb the most satisfactory results, we in common with all others interested in the pace and progress of the town, and in the harmony existing betweeu its teveral institutions, can only wooder, and reregret, that the present unpleasantness has been allowed to come about. NOTUKR member of the healing f cater A nity will shortly take up hta residence in Granville, and offer bis services to all and Jry, who may (whether lbey like it nr nol) happen to need them. Well, human lle*h is heir io a good many evils, and so long as ail* meats cf various descriptions are the order of tbe day, professors lftarned in tbft ( ecienca of medicine are of course indispensable. Still it is a question frbother, even .ibe supply of wentlecnen in LbUpaitionUrjUne cannot be over* itnne. GrarvjUs and tbe district noted sa feint- exttep 40n«lly, Wealthy. Still, oompeti- «< " . the Jilt, tvea if it is aomelimts the :r, .ii the trade. . . ^ a& prnrutediiigt at ttie Bookwood Borough _ « Oon cil's lastoeetinrlaatad tQl the «mail é oors ot the morning were approaching, «ad'i hta tbey had, for all praotittT porpoMS, T 1 jliat commenced. It wal II o'clock before the correspondence received bad been read and dealt «îtb, and ultimately the Council bad to adjourn once more till Friday evening. Suiely this sort of tbing can be avoided, if the members of tbe Council were but capable of even a minimum amount of self.control. There ia scarce a matter, however trivial, which is not tortured into a subject for debate or discs*, .ion ; indeed, some of the members of tbe Council seem to be terribly afflicted with citcoćthes loQttcndi. Added to tbia another CHUBS for tbe long drawn-out'agony of tbe pro* ceeding : is tbe extraordinary amount of,—well say, deliberation wbicb Council Clerk VbDvho H HOCTBB imparts into them, and tbe equally extraordinary facility with whit h documents are occasionally mislaid, temporarily, of course. Anyhow tbe nuisance remains. T HE state of parties in tbat august assembly bee somewhat changed of late, end changed for the better. Eight out of the nine municipal dignitaries seem to bave agreed to let personal matters and private likes and dislikes slide, and to work for tbe ffood of the borough generally. The doughty Gaovss has formed au other patty, con&istiog; of tbe doughty GBOTBS. Like Ishmael of old, his band is against everybody and everybody's hand is against him. He breathes threats and fulmina» tioiiS of dire vengeance, but they won't come to much : bis friend JAY will snrelj kill biui with innumerable points of order.—By the bye, the fiery JONES has signalised bis secession from tbe burdensome Ghotb^zak rule by migrating to the other side of the table and glaring nt his old companion in arms, sheltering himself the while under the winga of GAUTUWAITE, the staid and stolid. "HAT an absurd furco it is for tbe bigh end mighty municipal wûeucrcs of Rookwood to turn every mother's son, not clothed in aldermanic or Hocterisn dignity, out of the room wben they go ioto Committee, and then transact business in such a boisterous nnr that anyone standing fifiy yards off hear sit tbat is going on ! Tbat corpse debate in Committee seemed At one moment likely to terminate in the production of ht tenet i uldermunic corpse. Whenamunicip»! father ! threatens to stuff a roll of paper donn some { other father's throat and walizcs round the ; table to carry this gentle method of persuasion | into effect, things begin to look rather threat- < ening. Fortunately the belligerent one was - 4 stopped. 1 Eb, who was it:* 1 " Of course j nobody knows; ilie Council were in Committee ! aper (published in another column) under the £ending of " motious.*'* and which has been placed thereby the Irthmael of the Council. The four first so- called "motions" by Alderman : GKOVBS are simply statements of (acta or ' lleged facie ; neither motion contains the j ghost of a proportion. The next two motions " are gems. In number six (on ! the bnsinees paper) Ishmael makes two or | three random assortions, and then conoludes by politely sa) ing, " I beg to ask for an explana i ion thereof." (That is precisely what ; the Mayor and DEUCKOB Hocrca would like —some explanation thereof.) The immaculate •eivfution is, " What deduction is to be mads io the price of tho bridge as a coosequence of above !*" Why does not Alderman GaovES give one ot Mr. PIKE'S third-class boys a penny to draft his motions ? That cheap and simple process would save bim from exposing himself to a good deal of ridicule, and that loo, deserved ridicule. Discussion upon these fo.cHlled *'uioiiotia" would simply turo the yi'JLctdiuya into a laughing stock. 0 s course there m*y be some need of these supposed aboitcoming* of the Notting bill bridge contractor, ana his friends being taken notice of. But there is a proper way uf arriving at a solution of tbe matter, and Alder, man GBOVBS bad better adopt tbat, or indulge in another fitof tbo sitlka and make himself miserable at bis own fireside. He never would be missed. P HE Electoral Reform Bill has thn although some slight changes, emendations and aidilioos have been made, it has, in its main principlee, passed almost as it waa introduced. What will my lords of the Upper House do witb i it 1 'l hey will kick egainit some of its provisions, will make an attempt to eumaculaie the measure, will do their level best to introduce that reuioaut uf conservatism, the dual or thrift vote ioto the bill, and will prob- j ably make u goud fight of it for a while. But in the end tbey will yield, mainly, perhaps, I because they will bave to yield, or prepare to I rôtir» into tbo iiiubo of " nave been." Witb I nyihiug like orfliu»ry attention io Lumuri lut alone promptitude, the Electoral licfuri Bill bbouid be l*w before the new yi- ur. 'r>HE Federation question and ibe Local Gov- JL eminent Bill are the coiniug measures. No one, who has the interest of Australia at heart, would like to see the former , question relegated to tbe far background ; yet, in the special interest of Now South Welts, it might it: desirable tbat Ibe pas should bo givtn to that long.proroibed Local Guvernmeul measure. Vieaiog tbe question from the one { slandpoiut of what is and what might be only, it ia burely hiuh timo tbst the existing little | 1'edliuglouian"municipal system bo goiiidof, atid Lucil Government upon a mor* extendtd ] basis be introduced. j * ^ f . 0 . .. . , . . .. , . \ A ^l!™™ i? ! jacent localities, all within a very circuit, which are, and always should be regarded «f, identical, clash lut too frtqufniJy, au d instances aro not rare, where malice, envy, hatred, and all manner of un ebari tabler uni cause a pulling in divetsnways, iustead of all together. Again tbe little Pealingtoniau ev>- ttsDi is responsible for a muta lamentable waste of money and of energy; htlf- a-dor.en officials —more or less uusuiied to tbe taBk—are engaged in doing work, which one man could easily and far more effectively perform, ptuvided he bad uu eUicieut workiog staff. F courso such an otlicih 1 would hnve to bo O remunerated in a very different manner to what is now the case. It is cheaper in tbe end to psy a tbotoughly eflicient man even a high «»lary, than to aecure the services of pur. sons williug to work for a starvation lion. rPE-E Sydney Freetraders have beeo singing X pteans most lustily, and have been offering up tbsnksgivings for the eleotion of Gsovaa CrsvxLAKD to the Presidency ot tbe United Stau>s. On Monday sigÀt an " immense" meeting of Freetraders was held in Sydney, to voice tbe widespread delight felt, nod all the grttat (and some small) guns of the party wers trotted out. Sir HBN&Y; PAHKBS and Mr. Keto (the lion and tbe—well, tbe lamb) were there, side by side, biimmiog over with joy and enthu>ia*m, and cocksure tbat tbe Milleniom of F reign tiade wss rapidly approscbing, and resolutions were passed to pat Guovas C'Lsva* LAND on the back and bid him go ahead. H£RE can be no harm in all this fuss and T pother, if it pleases the participants ; but time will probably show ibat tbe ffood folk, who'thrjjnged the Protestant HaMinBjdoey on Monday, bave made "much ado about no: bing. 1 ' Of conrsr, some coo cessions to freetrade will be made by the incoming ad* ministiation in tbe United States, but it is perfectly safe to prediot tbat, barring as regards some of its more extreme aspects, the policy of protection will _reign. just as as securely in America in twelve months* time, as it does to-day. rj'HE most extnordinary statementmade at Monday's mbcùng was Mri RsroVSe* laration that -4be result of , the r presidential lection inńbe^UnitedfitatBB^bad'' tbttcrred of Lis objections to tbe Federation of ^uvraUa. There u nothing like sebtog *be fint opportunity, when one is in a difficulty, to got out of it—gracefully, if practicable,* any* how, if not. 