BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. Baton Hirach has expanded j£250,000 in the •purchase of land in ibe Argentine Republic for the Jewieh emigrants from liassia. Dr. Vaugban'd appoiclment as successor to Cardinal Manning has been approved by the nnammouB vote of the College of Cardinals at Rome. Mr C. Furnigp, M.P., of Wert Hartlepool, has induced the millers of the United States of America to send four million pounds of •flour to the starving peasants in Russia. A man named James Cramer died in 'Chicago on January 17, aged 106 years. It is ' said that he never had been sick during hiB \- life, and had been an inveterate user of tobacco s-for 95 years. Two tame lions have been forwarded to the •'French President by the Negus of Abyssinia, the descendant of the Queen of Sbeba. They 'are in charge of two natives, whom they follow -about like dogs. A stone hammer of g-eenish veined clay- <4tone has been got at Hammersmith, near Iiondon, from the ThameB. These prehistoric weapons are regarded as hereditary marks of Chieftainship and badges of office, like the jjade weapons of New Zjalantf. Mr. Wbitelaw ReiJ, the editor in chief and ^principal owner of the JSTew York Tribune, who on Use accession of Mr. Harrison to the Presideaey in 1889 accepted the'position of American Minister at France, bae resigned. He returns to take charge of the New York Tribune: Lightning conductors are not new. A French Writer shows that the ancients were acquainted with the art of bringing do*n lightning from heaven, and that therefore they knew how to defend their building* by cinductors. Solo-; mon's Temple, he believes, was thus protected I The death is announced of Walt Whitman, the American journalist and poet, who had been for Borne months part prostrate from paralysis. He was torn in 1819 at West Hills City, County Suffolk, New York, and had for Some years resided in Camden, New York City. The theatre Mangano in Palermo, Italy, was recently the spectacle of a fearful scone. through a slight error a man whilst attempting to light a lamp touched the electric wire end was immediately killed. In falling he came in contact with another man, who received &lso; a shock and was hurled into a comer. Many of the ancient wealthy Greeks and Romans used to fill their window openings with thin polished plates of white or yellow alabaster, for the purpose, of course, for wbich We now employ glass panes. The thin alabaster slabs were not transparent, but they per- i-'4mitted the passage into the rooms of a soft K pleasing light. Madame Antoinette Sterling, addressing a ' t>and of hope meeting in Morely Hall, Hack- • ®ey, near London, said she had been nearly all faer life a total abstainer. When nearing the • -«nd of a long tour, and when other members <y)f her profession were pretty well prostrated, t'che was almost or quite as fresh as when the journey began. Paris is about to introduce electric tram lines. Tower will be provided by accumulators of the Irturent-Cely Sarcia type, and an electric ^Gramme or Siemens motor of 15-borae power }' Twill be fitted to each axle of the locomotive, »fwhich will draw two carp. The brakes will » "Work bv electricity, and the speed to be adop- ' Hed is miles an hour in Paris. Munkacsy is at work upon a large picture £oaore than 40ft. long by J.6tt., which represents •the taking possession of the Slav and Hungarian countries by the great Hungarian leader \- *fftbe ninth century. It is intended (for the ' new Hungarian Chamber,, ,an£ will take two • fears' more work, gWyragh a large number of t be ipieiiminarj (studies aro completed, 'SHieffact that the oil of eucs^ptps was uepd at Banfirirgbam as a disinfectant dpring the Dti fcfl'OffCttsrence's illness haB given London a new *tfad. 3The druggists have trebled tbe price of en *a%$ituB oilt on account of the sudden demand, and the railroad ears and stations, omnit OBea , and even the streets are said to -unell lib < an Australian forest when the wattle s art in full bloom. A man following two occupations, when laroag'at b< afore the tax-gathering commission at Vi wna and asked why he did not pay his daes x answ ered that in Bummer he was swimming tnftsf er, and in winter teacher of skating. Now it ha; opened that laet summer it was so cold that people would not venture into tbe \- water, and', this winter there was no ice, so that people couli 1 not skate. This was the oause of iis inability to pay. '• p raa M«rfc wet Grrbscbik, a peasant woman -el Bless, ia G<wmany, near the Bthemian frontier, bom 1776, recently died at the age of 117 years. Ai 'ter having attained the age of 100 years Ae was still working hard at the washtub, earoii her . own living, and even •«low 1b ber de »tb, being then a widow, was scrubbing tbe fl >or, keeping the house tidy. Another Garman • woman at Vienna, Austria, ' leeched the age o f 115 years. The fourth volt ime of the collected writings • of Generalissimo ^ount Moltke was announced " to appear on the "Jst March. Tnis book is the moBt important of the series giving an outline • 0f Moltke's early Btfe. He saw that Danmark wasno field for bis talents, and consequently r chancel it and wept to Girmmv, where he attained such a high position. Young Moltke, ia leaving Denmatfc, received splendid twti- • ^Qoiftlt team Mo fellow oKta*. Mr. Gladstone's remarkable vigor was ti- •"antly etiOtvn by » mnuutiiu w&lk; of over two hours at good He drove, to t hs top n{ tbe 'IdpassoutheEster*], forming: ho great "Route d'ltalie" until recent years, when n better and lower road baB hein engineered. Tbe summit of the pass ia almost 1140ft. above Va'eBcare. Mr. Gladstone walked the six miles back by devious mountain path?, ever rnneh rocky, *teep, and broken ground, and without any appearance of undue fatigue. Lieutenant Sigl, in writing from Tabora and piving a description of the slave trade in Eist Africa, slates that every free man in the district of Uoj imwezi is a slave dealer, and that a great number of young slaves, including girte, owing to the orgien t.hey witness and participate in, soon accustom themselves tc their fate and rather like it, prefening it instead of being servants to European?, Tbe suppression of the slave trade is extremely difficult and must be handled with great caution. Many very curious and ingenious efforts in the way of producing small enginee, clock*, and other pieces ot mechanism from odd materials and of odd design have been noticed by me (says a scientific authority), and I have now to add to the list a reference to the curious production of Mr. George L. Sevey, a clever marble cntter of West Somerville, Massachusetts (US.A). This is a small , working engine, which is operated by air pressure, and is composed entirely of marble. It has a vertical piston and two fly-wheels. The height is 23in. by 20in. base. It comprises 100 piecee of marble held together by brass screws. For the sharpening of keen-edged tools a stone called movacalite, only obtainable at Arkansas (U.S.A), is said to be unrivalled. The stone is a deposit of a flinty nature, usually comluned with limeatque, jtpd affords a surface peculiarly BuUable for grinding. It is a very beautiful stone of snowy whiteness, and is costly, not only because of the restricted field of supply, but aleo because of its extreme hardness. It has to b8 cut by means of diamond dust. The main deposit of this remarkable material is in a single hill, about 509ft. high, in Arkansas, from which the entire supply for the Uuited States is furnished, as well as a large part of the export demand. A homoeopathic remedy against snakebite on the principle of " sfmilia similibus curantur " comes from Surinam, South America. A woman having been bitten by a snake hurried home, and although she had only to go a mile the body commenced already to swell and vomiting set in, so that there was great danger of death intervening. However, the new remedy was quickly and successfully applied. The heads of three different poisonous snakes are cut eff, dried, crushed to powder, mixed with a vegetable fluid, dissolved in spirits, vaccinating the patient with it, allowing ber also a mouthful of the compound. A negro boy in the service of a missionary when bitten by a snake was also similarly treated and saved. A Notts clergyman has sent to tbe papers the following account of a " stag hunt" which he received from his eon, a schoolboy in Surrey. The rector thinks that it gives an excellent idea of what this "sport"'frequently amounts to :—" February 7. Dear Father,— There was a stag bunt here yesterday. Tbe stag was an extremely small hind. They let it out of a sort of bathing-machine in the village. It went out of the-box, and began grszlng about 30 yards from tbe men. Then an old man drove it away with a whip. I saw the stags. The first one ran into a bouse iu the village, and hid behind a piano, where it was killed (of course by miotake) by the! hounds. The second one was chased away, and ran into the yard of a public-house.'' Signor Nitti notes the curious fact that i while Italy has even now no regular rate or tax on behalf of the poor it has a tax on the poor. This refers to the tax on Government lotteries, which brines to the public treasury a gross income of 75 millions of lire (ibout three millions sterling), more or less, which is levied on the superstition and ignorance of the poorer population. "No country in the world" (aays this distinguished economist) "possesses an institution more hateful and more anti-social than the Italian and Austrian lotteries, in which tbe state defrauds the poorest class with complete consciousness of the fraud, and contributes to implant iu the people the disastrous belief that fortune comes far more from chance or from miracle than from work." Magneto-telephones were used in the French autumn mar ceivres, as no delicate microphone or battery is required. The transmitter was held in the hand, and the receiver was effiied to the " kepi." Combined receivers and transmitters were also employed. A bare bimetallic wire 0 6 millimetress in diameter was unrolled from a drum and laid out of harm's way ou hedges, branches, walls, and in trenches. A line 23 kilometres long was thus laid, with the addition of 10 poBts, in five hours; speech was good ; and the whole was taken up again in an hour. During a sham fight a cavalry division passed over a long line without interrapting the communication. A bayonet stuck in the ground made a good earth; so did the body of a cavalry horse if the wire was attached to the bridie. When at Harrow Cardinal fanning was a great cricketer (writes one of bis admirer?), and he has told me Btories of his prowesB in the same which I had forgotton. A Harrow story of another kind has remained in my memory. Tbe bounds for tbe boyd at Harrow extended a mile every way from the echool^ouse. As might imfl&aed;, they were easily tt*nfe fre8<ed. Oie day Mauning v.-^a on tlie Lonflju-road considerably more thau a mile Jrom tbe Echoo!, when be caught ei^bt cf p master on horseback, riding towards him. Tbe b;;j immediately took to the fields, and the mast-.-.r, dismounting at a gate and throwing a ruin over i 1 ", gave chase ou foot. Manning was light of foot, aul easily kept ah ^ai ; so miking a circuit, he was the first to come to tbe gate, and, unhooking the rein, he mounted Ibe h.wae, and rode up into Harrow, leaving the master to follow on foot at hia leisure. This story is going the round ot society. Ba ron Hirsch offered bis bouse party a treat under the form of a dance cl Hingarian peasants. After the dancing the peasantry •Irew up, and it was announced that the village beauty was about to be borne in. She came, carried shoulder high on a chair, but bo thickly veiled that doods could see her face. She offered a bouquet to Colonel Oliver Montagu, of the " Blues." The Colonel, of course, claimed tbe honor of a dance with the belle. Colonel Montagu is 5 feet high, and his partner was not much shorter and the two whirled round eplendidly. But who was the lady 1 Suddenly a shout of laughter ae the beauty lifted her veil. She was no Hungarian damsel, but a british officer, Captain Moncrieff, brother of the Dj wager Lady Dad ley. Rowing men at Cambridge will be glad to learn (says Land and Water) that the everlasting sewage question, which has been engaging public attention for fully 25 years, has at length been settled, the TownCouocil having agreed to a scheme (suggested by Professor Dewar) for the disposal of the sewage. The system is precipitation and filtratiou through land, and will be carried out near Milton-road, Chesterton. This part of the business will involve an outlay of about £20,000. The scheme of main drainage and collection of the sewage, whieh was adopted last year, will cost something like £98,000. The sanitary authority has therefore decided to ask leave of th- L:cal Government Board to borrow £130,090 t'j meet the expense of the undertaking. Chesterton is to be invited to join iu the plan, and there i3 now the prospecc of etj >ying a river unpolluted by sewage matter. The U3e of tbe telephone appears to be not only extending far and wide, but progressing et an increasing pace. In the iUnited States 40,000 new subscribers have been added in one year. Ia Paris, thanks .to .-the energy of the Government in taking aver itfhe existing networks, the number of subscribers have doubled in the last IS montbe, while the urban networks have risen from 28 to 119, and the trunk iine-i from 11 to 58. Berlin has now a greater numbe' of subscribers than any town or city in the world. They number 17,000, and the service is reported to b9 most efficient. In Switzarland, Sweden, and Norway the telephone has also been brought within the reach of the community at large. The subscription generally in those countries and in Germany is only 64s. per annum for a maximum of 800 conversations—additional conversations being charged at the trifling rate of a halt-penny each. One of the best stories in Max O'Rell's new book, "A Frenchman in America," has no connection with America. In Glasgow on one occasion he was introduced to the audience by the chairman in a " most queer, incoherent • pef.ch," and when he arose to speak the audience laughed at everything 1 e said before he said it. The lecture in const quence had to ba brought to a premature conclusion, and the president proposed a vote of thanks in another queer speech." When thev had retired to the committee-room, Mr. O'Rell said to the secretary, " What's the matter with the president Id he quite right ?' he added, touching his forehead. ' " Oh," said the secretaiy, striking his chest as proudly as possible, "he's drunk—and so am I J" The explanation of the whole strange evening dawned upon mr, said Mr. O Rsli. Of course they were drunk: and so was the audience. That night I believe I was the only sober person on the premises. An eminent lady missionary in Burmah recently gave Dr. A. J. Gordon au instructive but somewhat startling chapter from her experience. In one of her tours, she said, she came upon a village where cholera was raging. Having with her a quantity of famous painkiller she went from nouse to house administering the remedy to the invalids, and left a number of bottles to be used after she had gone. Returning to tbe village some months after, tbe missionary was met by the bead man of the community, who cheered and delighted her by this intelligence : " Teacher, we bave come over to your side. The medicine did UB so much good that we have accepted your God." Ovei joyed et this newB, she WBB conducted to the house cf her informant, who, opening a room, showed her the pain-killer bottles solemnly arranged in a row upon a shelf, and before them the whole company immediately prostrated themselves in worship, The management of the London Times has utilised the telephone in a uni.que way. Telephone wires have been laid in toe underground railway tunnel between tbe composing room iu Printing House Square and the Parliamentary reporters' gallery in tbe House of Commons. A copy reader placed at the telephone reads tbe stenographic " turns " from the uote book as fast as it is possible for the compositors to tak» them on their typesetting machines in the Times buildir g, a mile and r half away. At fiist the reporters did not take kindly to tbe innovation, but when they foucd that they could dictate their notes direct to the gpmposing room without the trouble of UWifMityig UiHB, ttay legaa to look «t tbe fena^gement in an entirely different light. i'foois,_ of course,' are cent to them for. coriec'.ion. E >ch machine caa produce frcm fi?e io six coiuams of solid minion a ni^bt. The Times is able to print in time for iho 5 a m. newRoap&r; trains going ;o all parts ot the Uuited K:ndom the whole of tbe debates, which are often continued until after 3 £.m. According to Professor W. O. Crosby, of the . Bostou Institute of Technology, there is near tbe town of Madshire, New Hampshire (U.S.A.), a bouid«r of the most ponderous riesciiption in the United States, and probably iu tliii world. Tue maximum measurement of this erra'.ic block are, «cjr,rdirig to Professor Orcs'.y : — L-ugth, 83f\; width, 45ft.; neight, 30ft. to 371'.; contents, 90,000 cubic feet ; and prot.abie weipht, 15,300,000ib., or 7650 tons ! Ni xt to this in e^z s is the great rock in the town of Mmtville, New London, County Connec'.icut (U S.A ), generally known by its Indian name oi " S-.eegan," and also " Mohegan." Iu the opinion of eome this rock is an isrJated pr 0 t u l erance> ana not a true "erratic" or boulder; Hit recent rxamiiiatious have seemed to ccmpleie'y negative the firet supposition. Oui point that fcoea far towards substantiating this is the Dumber of undoubted boulders of imm^se f z:and cf Ibe same granite which exist in cnrnpai alive pre ximity. The approximate maximum dimensions of the Montville boulders are :—Lsngtb, 75ft; width, 58ft.; height, 60ft. ; contents, 70,000 cubic feet; weight, 6000 tons. The American geographer, Dr. C. J .ff ne, of New York, in the latest issue of Globus, gives very interesting particulars about the extraordinary development of Chicago, the city of the future World's Exhibition. There is no second town in the world which can show a similar quick growth. hei D g not yet 60 years old. Up to the year 1833 it was a small i«orongh with 550 inhabitants iu 175 houses. From this epoch dales its rise, because in that year the surrounding agricultural land (to-day the States Indiana, Michigan, and Illinois), were bought from the Indians at 4£ million marks. In 1837 Chicago acquired tde rights ot a town with 4170 inhabitants, covering a spaco of equare miles. To- day tbe town covers 182 iquare miles, with the following population :—la 1850, 29.963; 1860, 109,206; 1870,306,605; 1880,491,516; 1890,1,098,576 inhabitants. Chicago is now surpasbing Philadelphia, the sccond largest city in tbe Union. Since 1893, through adding several neighboring places, the population has very likely risen to 1,300^00; so that it has only 300,COO fewer inhabitants than Berlin on the Spree. Amongst the progresses and innovations of this Qaeen cf the West are those fabulous barrack-buildingSj shaped like towers of a height of 20 storeys ( rom 40 to 90 metres), which since 1884 are manufactured with gutter-tiles and iron bands. A curious case of a life-long fraud (says the London Globe) was divulged recently in the Hospital or Saint Antoine, Paris. Late in the evening an inpatient, giving the name of Opportune Signol, was received into tbe institution to be treated for tumor. As Opportune is a female saint, and as the sufferer, according to dress and appearatc», was a woman, she was placed, of course, in a bed in one of the wards reserved for the weaker sex. When the bouse surgeon appeared upon tbe scene he crea:ed an immense sensation by declaring ihat the patient was a man, and by abusing roundly everybody connected with the case for a gross breach of discipline in mixing up the sexes in one ward. Opportune was ordered to get up forthwith and proceed to another wing of the buildiDg, and to facilitate the transfer was offered a pair of bifarcaied garments suitable to his real position in the community. These, however, were refused indignantly, the fictitious woman exclaiming, " Never • I bave worn petticoats for 60 years, and I am not going to change at my cge." The extraordinary statement bas since been investigated thoroughly, and it is an absolute fact that 9ince his shildhood this individual, whose face is quite innoeent of any beard, and voice very high pitched, bas dressid in female attire, and bas led the ordinary life of a woman. He has been in turn nursemaid, charwoman, and even lady's maid. Oiie^of the moat curious inventions of this inventive age, and one for wbich I can conceive an almost limitless field of application in the way of tricks and odd effects, is what is called platinised glass (observes a Scottieh scientist). This is ordinary glass coated with an exceedingly thin layer of a liquid charged with platinum, and then raised to a red beat. The platinum becomes united to the glass in such a way as to form an odd kind of mirror. The glasB has not really lost its transparency, and yet if one placeB it against a wall, and looks at it, he sees his image as in an ordinary looking- glass. But when light is allowed to come through the glasB from the other side, as when it is placed in a window, iB appears perfectly transparent, like ordinary glaBs. By constructing a window of platiniBed glass, one conld stand close behind tbe panes in au illuminated loom and behold clearly everything going on outside, while passers-by looking at the window behold only a mirror or a set of mirrors, in which their own figures would be reflected, while the person inside remained invisible. As has been said, one can easy imagine various tricks and odd effects being contrived with the aid of the platinised glaBP. In the bands of some' of oar modern wonder-workers I can easily conceive of its being taken advantage of to auch marvellous ends as might well cause the ghosts of the physicians of the dark agei to visibly present thtmsBJwi in a grvoptili blast «f fiery eovy and j^lpusy, * 