THE PLAYHOUSES. | A London Success— The Times j at the Bijou. Bland Holt's Great Show— A Run of Luck, at the Royal. The LaBt Nights of the Ber nard Beere season. Continued success of the Rig nold season at the Princess. CURRENT PLEASURES. A Biiou attraction. — The Times. Bland Holt's faiewell productions. — A Run of T.nrk. n Enecial bill. Last six nights of Mrs Bernard-Beere at the Opera - i House. Masks and Faccs tonight. George Rignold in Mid summer Night's Dream at the Princess. Fitzgerald's Cir cus. The Waxworks. Cneills at St Georee's. Cycloramas. News and nQtes to date. Bv 'Qciz.' STAGE GOSSIP FB0JI AMONG THE PLAYERS. « Hilda Spong in tights to be an attrac- j tion of Midsummer Night's Dream.'' We have dismissed the comp. without warn ing who inserted this par in a recent issue. Since it is false, we are the debtor to Miss Spong of an apology. Will that lady call, or shall we send it along? Who was the promising young comedian who turned up at the Amateur Actors' Ball after the play the other night, took possession of the floor, and was quietly requested by the M.C. to retire ? Surely not ? ? ' Next please,' as ' Partridge' would say. A Bijou sacrilege.— Grundy's In Honor Bound and Melford's Turned Up the same night. Mrs. Bernard Beere's reception was great at the Opera House on Saturday nieht After no end of calls the talented lady came forward and expressed herself 60—' Thanks, kind friends ; thanks.' J. C. Williamson returned from the Sydnev side beaming all over with smiles; was ' hovering round'' the Opera circle on the opening nights, whilst the only George clung like death to the prompt bos. Muzzy always does. Harry Musgrove. by the way, is at pre sent in the City of Churches — Adelaide — representing Geoige Musgrove with the Lonnensque Company. They've got the Adelaide folk, and are having 'em for big business, which is highly satisfactory. Isn't Mons Marius an artist?' But I say, didn't his 'make-up' as the old ' prompter in A«riennc reuim.i you 01 Dunky Gillies? Dunky, you know, is an artist at ? . The task of filling up that blank I'd rather leave to you. What price the Bernard Beere feminine ' soups ?'' Lillie Langtry's are scarce in Melbourne, they must be. Mr6. Bernard Beere has been fetching 'em since Thursday evening as ' Peg WoffingtOB,' in Masks and Faces. We , are convinced more than ever that this is by far the most enjoyable bill in the ta lented lady's repertoire. Bon't you think so, now ? Bland Holt put6 on his great ' horsey' attraction, A Run of Luck , at tbe Royal to-night. He originally staged and play ed it at flie same house some six years since with phenomenal success. May the luck Btill run. Bland, by the way, finishes at the Royal on Friday, the '29th inst. John L. (a la Sullivan, the actor ?) is the name of the latest Phil Stuart Wax work's attraction, in the person of a kangaroo of the good old man sort, with decidedly pugulistic manners. John L. is an adept at the ' noble art'— cheap ad. for Eilee Norwood— of self-defence, and succeeds in drawing blood for his own satisfaction, and gold for the satisfaction ' of the management. ltie suggestion inrown oui uy vjuiz to the Amateur Actors to hold a ' grand theatre party' will in all probability take effect. Whbt commission do the Bijou people allow, please ? Whilst on the subject of theatre parties, you had just as well know that the Uni versity Undcrgrads have taken the Bijou amphitheatre for Monday night next. So book your seats, and see what] Times are like at the Bijou. ' No '? depression' that night. 'Hallelujah.' Pattie Browne is on the sea, the beauti ful sea ; and what's ihe fare to London direct, please ? Pattie, by the way, ju6t prior to leaving, sent us along a nice little missive, smudged, presumably by tear stnins, thanking us for all the nice things we have said about her. Pattie is a nice girl. Tf.iJA Mi'llnrri. urlin nlflVK . hn Oilcan uiieo ? ? -v ? of the Amazons iu the Princess show, is the wife of a well known St Kilda trades man. j Hilda Spong (and limelight) fetches 'em as ' Titnnia.' Hilda, by the way, is enveloped in a ghost-like wrap of gown- 1 Oilier. ! Whilst Misses Bessie Rignold and Florrie Esdaile form a couple^ of delightful silver-spangled sweet note fairies. In the show, that of Midsummer Night s Dream , the Walhalla Brothers do some really clever business a la the Craggs, and are well repaid in the shape of ap plause. Governor Kintore and Money Millars occupied Wednesdey night D.C. prompt box, Mrs George Rignold that of the managers', whilst .Q.C. Puives and Police Magistrate Panton graced the circle to a fair house. A party of amateur actors, piloted by one Cumberland, resolved to '' have a show' at the Kew Asylum. Their ser vices were accepted, and on conclusion^ of the performance the inmateB, in proposing j a vote of thanks, expressed the desire that j they (the amateurs) should remain and become one of them. Query — Was it a compliment ? I Miss Billie Barlow, Pattie Browne, Edith Vane, Percy Lyndal and the Barnes ' Luceile troupe are al)|on board theOratava en route to London. ' Happy' family. P.S. — In reading this par will the reader kindly emphasize the word happy. ^ ery much so, after the first week. Still they go. — Sass and his wife (Miss Emma Gwynne) leave for England on the 6th prox in the Orient. The next addition to the Chronicle 'fortraitlialiery ' win oe inai oi me popu lar comedian, Mr E. J. Lonnen, upon whose picture our 'special artist' is now engaged. We should have produced the same in ocr last issue. only the Chronicle staff couldn't see any sense in throwing u man into fame when he i6 personally in another colon}'. We prefer to wait until he again opens at the Opera House the latter end of the present month. 'He may wriggle, he may struggle, But we've got him in our eye, Oh we'll have him, yes, we'll have him, Bye and bye.' The St Kilda Ghost has departed for fresh fields and pastures new. Many an out-of-collar 'pro' to-day would be only too pleased to see it pass their way, just by way of a change. They do say that the late scare is none other than an adver tisement for Frank Cates' benefit at the Opera House shortly, when Hamlet is to be the draw. By the last American mail a letter from Yankeeland was received by Mr Pat Finn, of Melbourne. It appears that the faun a o ? j!,„ a novel, has reached that part of the globe, and an American gentleman, desirous of purchasing the sole right of publishing and dramatising the story in the United States, has placed himself in communica tion with Mr Finn. The latter gentle man, we believe, has accepted the terms proposed, so that in all probability A Priest's Secret will in America outdo its Australian teputatioi. Professor Bernard, the dog-trainer, who was recently injured in the Bruuswiek ex plosion, and who lost an eye, is about to have a benefit tendered him iu Melbourne. Mr. Charles Ridgeway, of Little Collins stieet, has the matter in hand. Fitzgerald's the Circus is now in — well, not exactly iteltwentietli week, butawiully near it. Extra attractions have been added to tlie show, which according to Press man Hendy (of smile fame), will not stop at this evening. The usual Wednesday aud Saturday matinees are held, to which juveniles are aduiitted to all parts of the ring for the modest 'tanner,' whilst adults are allowed two hours genuine amuse ment at popular prices. ' Carpeted' stalls are a speciality at Fitzgerald's. Try them, | After a prosperous season ef 6ix nights, Mark Melford's amusing comedy has ueen ' turned up at me uijou m javorui Pinero'p London success, The Times ? We are promised the combined efforts of the two B's excellent company, which draws us to the one possible conclusion that though ' the times' (commercially) are as bad as bad can be, they will be at the Bijou (artistically) a6 right as right can be. We understand several theatre parties Dave ueen arrangeu lor ine coming season, this, with the excellent booking for the ensuing week, convinces u« that the worthy B's are. in for ' a run of luck.' Let us hope 6o| for they most certainly de serve it. The following is the full cast : whilst the curtain rises nightly at the hour of eight p.m. Denbam, Viscount Lurgrshall Mr Cates Hon Montague Trimble Mr Titberadge rerey JSgenontJomjias, M.r, Mr isrougn Howard (liiE son) Mr Word Timothy McShane, M.P. Mr Boueicault Jill (a servant) Mr Beresford j CounteES of Jipsiow Miss Btonton Mrs Egerton-Bompas Mrs Brough Beryl (her daughter) Miss Gibson Mis Hooley, Miss Taylor Honoria (her daughter) Mies Temple Miss Cazalet, Miss Homer Lucy Tuek Miss Marie Fraser ( Her firs-t appearance m Melbonrnc) The farewell announcements of the Bar naul Beere season are now adorning the bills of the house of Musgiove much as we regret it. Mrs Bernard Beere Ins proved herself beyond a shadow of a doubt by far the most talented English speaking actress that has yet struck our shores. So it behoves all who have up to dote failed to pay her a visit, to do so ere it is too late. Masks and FaceSi 'her bill of fare for this evening, in which she sustains the fascinating ' Peg Womng ton, is the very best of her impersonations, whilst the green-room flavour^ that runs through the entire production is fetching in the extreme. Next week will witness lightning changes, and, of course, crowded houses. The Royal presented a brilliant appear ance last evening on the occasion of the final performance of the great attraction, The Trumpet Call. The melodrama on the whole was of more than passing merit, and staged in a manner not surpassed in aDy part of the world, yet was doomed by the fickle public after a paltry run of a fortnight's duration. This_ Saturday night will witness a production in keeping with the seasoc, entitled A Run of Luck , ori ginally staged in this city some years since. It abounds in startling situations, the dialogue is of the first water, whilst the scenic effects are thoroughly Bland lioltian ; and you know what that means. Tlie revival is for a few nights only. Looking backwards (thanks to Bellamy) just twelve months to-night, we find business at the various theatres^ only moderate, with the following attractions — The Princess were doing Ruy Bias with the Gaiety company. The McMahons weie doing their second week of County Fair. The two B's amalgamated and playing Sophia. Phil Stuart with the accomplished Ada Fitzroy (Phil hadn't heard of Deeming then). Whilst Dampier produced Jess, by special request. It is also just twelve months last evening since Messrs Broueh and Boucicault tendered a benefit to the Flood Relief, playing In Honour Bound and Turned Up, with a financial result of £210. Bravo, B's. The superb Rignoll production of the Divine Bill's remarkable fairy comedy, Midsummer Nights Dream, enters upon its third week of prosperity this evening, and if enthusiasim counts, in these de pressed days, it should run for as many weeks to come. Now that the various persons engaged in unfolding this beauti ful story, and the stage mechanist has re hearsed his cue, the entire production can not possibly be slyled other than an artis tic triumph. Look at it from what point you choose ; never before has tho scenic artist enjoyed such a freehand, whilst the stage illusions are nightly the food for unlimited thought and speculation, Dur ing all three acts the interest is never for an instant allowed to flag, thaDks to the excellent stage management of Handsome George, who also appears in another role, that of ' Bottom ' (the weaver), and as such scores a distinct success, engaging the undivided attention of his audience whilst he is on the stage. Mr. Rignold perhaps appears to greatest advantage when enacting the role of ' Pyramus' in the amateur theatrical show ; his bye play is as well timed as it is admirable, with every opportunity to overstep the bounds of fine comedy acting, he never once trangresses. Admirable support i6 tendered by Messrs Har.lett, Hall, Cos grove, Keightley, and Rigby, whilst Messrs Whyte, Sweeney, Tolano, Ivimey and Harcourt score a decided success as the ' Dramatic Amateurs.' Miss Watts Phillips fills '' Oberon' in her usual accept able manner. Miss Hilda Spong; as ' l'itsnia' scores heavily, and bids fair to make a name for herself in the profession she has chosen. Misses Rignold and Esdaile are thorough successes as the ' singing fairies,' whilst a special word of praise is due to little Miss Russell for j her exceptionally clever performance or | 'Puck.' Midsummer Nighfs Dream will I run uniil the production of Faust, which (take warning) is already underlined. 