THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. " I woulil give a million dollars for a stomnck," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200, UUO) is a deal of money, but ho was not able to' buy the articlo even at that nrioe. Mr. Thomas Gaskiu, of No. 3, Popular Row, Darley Abbey, noar Derby, is not so rich ns many, being a gardeuur, but lie was ready enough to give all be bad for one thing lie hadn't, got. Mere is his story, mid lie shall tell it in liis own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to 9ay : " Up to eight years ago T had (novor lost an hour's work, through sickness. In December, 1882, while living at Boost, on, noar Nottingham, my appotito fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the lattor so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to 'fill up' and my throat would swell, so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a groat deal, chiefly a yollowish- groon phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I blod at tho nose, and tho blood rushed out of my ears. I bccani; exhausted and short of broath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I thon went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and aftor attending there for six months was very little bettor. I got so thin that I was liko a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with mo. For eighteon months I kept getting bettor, then worse, and at last tho doctors recommended' mo to try.Ja chango of air. So I camo to Darlsy Abbey and my former maBtor gnvo mo an indoor rncommondation to tho Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however that all tho beds in tlio hospital were full, and I saw my olub doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first ono said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must dio ; tlio other doctors after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing but shook their hands, " Gutting a t.riflo bettor my old master allowed me to do what, littlo I could in his gardens and grounds ; aud some days I worked a littlo, and then would bo away for a few days.. Tilings wont on like this until Decombor, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath and broko down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm somotimes as much as a teaoupful at nee and was afraid to go to sleep for fear tho phlegm would choke me. At this timo tho whitos of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyos wore bl odshot. My lips and mouth wore dry and pa ehed and I often broke out into a oold clammy weat. My tongue was like a pioco of brown loather, and I could koep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in throe weeks. " t managed to get up for a few hours at a timo hut was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I wns always tired aud, weary , aud sitting or lying, was nevor at ease andgot no real rest , Too weak to read 1 often sat for hours looking at my hands — nothing bu skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't boar the least noise, and tho children at piny quite upset mr. -' The doctor kept 011 attending me, but he said I oau do you no good; I onn only patch you up because your lungs aro diseased. I then gave o\ er, taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough euro from , London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see mo said, 'Well, you won't oougli much onger, you have merely to prepare for auothor world." " About the middle of March, 1889. a noighbour named Joseph Tatham, |who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom did you ever ry Mother Seigel's Syrup" and told mojhow ho had 'been cured aftor boing in tho hospital. Ho tspoko so much Jin praise of this mcdicinoi sent my wife to Derby and got a bottlo at Mr. Smith Stores in Victoria Street. Aftor tho first dOHe 1 had an evacuation black as ink. and vomited Then I soli asleep and felt rested whou I awoke. Aftor taking tho modioino for throe days iriy breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days moro I was able to go out for a short walk. By tho end of a fortnight I went to aoo my master, who asked what had wrought tho improvement, and 1 told him, as I toll overy ono that Mothor Soigol's syrup had saved my life. I commenced wor.t at once, and havo novor lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but aftor talking Soigol's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and havo continued so ovor since." In giving his consont to tho publication of this romarkablo statement; Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubtors to him or to Mr. Kuotloy, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all tho facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin bus livod at Darley Abboy 22 years and hoars an oxaelloui reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which ho suffered ? Not galloping consumption certainly (as ono of tho doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in loss than threo months instead of growing worse for seven years. Bis complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which was lung symptjmd liko consumption, for which it is so often ann ignoiantly mistaken and wrongly treated. "When the right remedy, Mothor Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded as all disoasos of the digestivo tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. Wo heartly congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his re covery, and commend the facts of his cast to all thinking' people. DEATH OF MRS. DR. BLAKE. — It was with feelings of deep regret that we noticed in yesterday's Sydney Herald that Mrs. Blake (widow of our late old and respected towns- man, Dr. Blake), died in Sydney on Tuesday last at the ripe old age of 70 years. Mrs. Blake was one of the oldest residents of Yass, and was deeply respected by all who knew her. When the sad news reached Yass yester- day many were the expressions of sorrow, and exclamations of "the good old hands are dropping off." Well might that be said of Mrs. Blake. 