LAST NIGHT'S PJLBLUMEH'T; ME: HILLMAN'S' PEltriONv Mr. Canning tnove'd las't night in tfe Assembly that Mr. Joseph MilWVs petition be received and read, printed aud referred to a Select Committee. Of course the hon. member gave the record (along one) of -Mr. Hillman's^ervices, ana ne aiso read a 'recent testimonial from the late CommisSianer ci Bailways; the Hon. J/A. Wright, and another |from Mia predecessor, the late Hon. J. H. Thomas. Mr. Canning certainly did not make an effective speech on the subject/ and even seemed embarrass ed b'y it, bttb he woffeed hard for his client — as hard as if a found sum of gttineas had bien marked on' his brief. He contended that the grounds' of. his dismissal were in sufficient, the reason given b'eing tbat on one occasion Mr.' Hillman had been under, the influence of drink. He flid not,, he Baid, wish to palliate the offence, or vice, or disease of drunkenness ; aud he might have added, but did not, bhat it was wtoag to make one wan in the Government service a scapegoat or ex ample for all others. He finallv prayed the House to take the matter into consideration, and deal with it in a fair and liberal spirit. Mr. Qivulan s eonded the moiion, and said bhat, although a publican himself, he de plored the vice of drunkenness. He, had heard, however, that Mr. Joseph Hillman's work was always done. The Premier said bhe duty which had devolved npon the Glovernmeut, just after assuming ofilce, of isking Mr. Hillman to resign was mcBt un pleasant, owing' td his fanii'y donna's'tions md long services. Sir John pointed out that it would be still morj unpleasant for him to have to vindicate the ac tion of the Government, and if it weie lone the petitioner could only say, ' Save me from my friends.' Mr. Molloy sup ported the petition, and pointed out that ihe long service and credentials of Mr. Elillman should have full consideration, ihd indulged in a little commiseration over Mr. Millman's total Io3s of compensation. The Attorney- General, one of the kindest aearted mon in the world, was on this ce jasion, terribly scathing and severe. Mr. Septimus Burt pointed out how insuf ficient were the grounds put forward by bhe speakers for receiving the petition. As ae spoke in sefe terms of his view of the petitioner's conduct, everyone in the chamber must have pitied Mr. Hillman syenvmore than .they wercs at first Laclined to: We shall not here reproduce or enlarge upon Mr; Bufb's argument, but it was practically unanswerable. He evi dently annoyed Mr. Canning: viry much, and the Premier had to go round to the hon. member and appease him. Proceed ing, however, Mr. Burt made mo3t damag ing, noo to say damning statements, but it may be hoped that though their present effect may be bad their future result, as far as their subject is concerned, will be good. The reception of the petition was rejected by a chorus of ''Noes,' and Mr. Hillman is now left to say ' save me from! my friends.' ?.?? ,. .... The Yilgabn Eailway, There was a hum of expectancy as the Orders of the Day wera lead ouf, the first on the list bting the Northa-u-Southern Cross Eailway Bill. Mr. Piesse rose with an air of stern determination, and first of all paid a well deserred compliment to Mr. Parker. He deprecated the porta of Fre mantle and Albany being pitted against each oth.r, and hoped that hon. membeis would not consider this point. He was, however, at pains to demonstrate that in view of its greater distance from Yilgarn and the cost of transit, Albany could not possibly compete with Iremantle to the latter's disadvantage. The Government had, however, quite overlooked the extra haulage along the Great Southern Lino, by selecting the Nottham route, and the traffic, both passenger and goods, from Al bany. In taking off a burden! from Frj mantle they were placing it on the' Southern portions of the colony. Mr Piesse impressed on hon. members ?? the superiority of the land aloug^he York route, as was proved by the report of the Select Committee. There was- no doubt that the line was in the firsb place built; for the development of the goldfields, but surely if it could be taken through good agricultural couatry, whi:h would find traffic for tbe line, it should be. Ho then quoted from the Select Committee's report, and further - stated that .some of those settled on the Meckering area would be very glad if they could clear out and settle on the York route, though he deprecated making damaging statements about the country. The Government having opened up large areas along the Great Southern Kailway, they should ufford settlers some chance of developing them. From his experience of the country the Northam line would pass through marsh country,- which would require c- stly embankments, ai in the case of the Great Southern Eailw^y. He also paid a well deserved compliment to the tirjat Southern Eailway, which had proved so beneficial to the Colony, and pleaded that ib should not be . jealously re garded by members in this matter. He warned Mr. Throssell that if the line start ed from Northam that town would ultim ately fade into insignificance. At this Mr. Throssell jumped up, to wipe away, as he said, the cobwebs that surrounded the question, which almost of course he wished to regard purely from 'a national standpoint.' But he first shrewdly appeal ed to Mr. Ccokworthy and tho south ern members for their assistance. He also laboured the admitted fa .t that the bulk of the traffic would come from Fremantle, and ergo Fremantle must .have the first consideration. The extra haulage from Albany would only mean another four shillings a ton, and surely the settlers could stand that. Mr. Thvossell's fiery speech, delivered with the voice of a Stenfor, was decidedly interesting, but as a rule he sub stituted noise for argument. He defended the Meekering area by giving his own ex parte opinion on it, which carried no weight. He waxed virtuously indignant in defence of the 'honest men of Northam,' whom, he said, Messrs Parker and Piesse had maligned. In regard to the new Southern Areas he also argued that a railway did not stimulate the clearance and the cultivation of the land, but he did not prove this paradox to .t'le/Batisfactioa of his hearers. He waxed louder and louder as ho continued, and split the eats of the members if not, of the groundlings in the public benches, and the gods in the press gallery. He finished, and '.hen Mr. Clarkson's mildly monotonous tones were a signal for a partial exodus of th« public, whe fail to appreciate his merits as a speaker. One Northam advocate yelled, the other almost whispered his arguments. Mr. Clarkson began by taking Mr. Parker to task over his speech, but that gentle man was inuch more polite and considerate than was the member for Toouyay when the representative of York was speaking, and never once interrupted Mr. Olarksoa, whose eulogies of the Toodyay District were punctuated V.y .stentorian 'Uear, Hear's ' from Mr. Thro3soll, w»rthy of Mr. Warton himself. He contended that the land about Northara was equal to, it Dot superior to that of York, and contrary to every witness before the Select Committee, ha said it improv ed the further you went North. He could not, of course agree that Albany should have the same consideration as Fremantle. He mentioned the fact of the land in the Toodyay District having been locked up by the Midland Eailway, as accounting for its impeifecs develop ment, but siid m .thing about the land locked up in the hands of those colonists whose names have been already published. Mr. A. B'orrest pointed out the existence of excellent agricultural land near Cubbine, suitable for an Agricultural Area, but to prove that he was impartial in supporting the York route he said that he owned over 9000 acr-s of improved land near Nor tham. He referred to the fact that the Meekering Area had been open for three years and was very sparsely settled, and that there was no comparison between the land along the York and Northam routes. He fiually contended, that the York land wa3 the best, the route was the best and the grades were the best. Mr. Loton did not cast much light upon the f.ubject, »nd was a? usual somewhat prosy, but he bad to admit as au interested advo cate for Nor! ham that the question of com pensation w.-is by no m--ans s«tr.!fd. He w;i« also fain 'o ullow that t'te prspon Jer anc^» 'f ?*vid--nce tak^ - by the' e1 «t C'in- mittee was in f.tvour of he Wik It d. M .; Eichardson first paid a compliment, to Mr. Parker for his speech, and then he paid himself another by speaking of himself as entirely disinter ested,- and assuming fcW position; 0, the'Win'tl maid and holding the sOiliSlM? t.veenYork and North' am. . This he did not very i«ccesofully, as he put a little etftra weight of his fwn into the Noriu3m scale. 'J'hfs gentleman— who by the way addresses himself to every subject with considertSWe confidence— was as leu 2th v as' usual. He aleo'j like the Member for the Swan, admitted that the evidence of the Select Committee showed the stipeiiority qf the Tork land. M-. Traylen, with a' ffihss of noie3 in hi3' Land, delivered a letigthy sermon intermingled with an arithmetical exercise, and an e.?siy. on the word ' apparently / ' in fact, save that it was in favor of Northam, his speech conveyed little sense or meaning' to the members. However, with his usual dip'oWcy' he promised ' his f ? rk friends' that their' district should be tap ? ped by the transconfonenial line. Mr. Simpson regarded the question not from Fremantlo,- Albany .or. Tofk but front tbe other end Hi:, fiom Yilgam; and with his usual and remarkable sense of propriety ol.jected to the ' unseemly clam'O'uf' that had preceded the appointment of a Select Comiuiitee. His tone was ,'oftily patriotic when it was not even more preacby than his predecessor. However; he was determ ined to support the line which would give the Yilgarn settlers the cheapest com moditiSii, and lie came forth for the first! time in the light of a' strong Government, rupporteri He, however, sis SS practical man, who, as he said, had deeply and care-' fully considered th« question from it3 vari ous standpoints, ventured t j instruct the Government as to how they should equip ; aiid work the line, for which they should V-e gra'teful; as' well as for the aupport the member for Geraldton has given them. And then came Mr. Molloy who1 apparently1 is of the view thatlangitagft ist given us in order to enable us'iio conceal our tHoughte; so mcoinprJieisible was his speech in pirts and as a whole. He began by assert ing that no speaker had yjt touched the proper point of the whole question, but he quite omitted to state what that point was. He then plungdl into a sea'of words, whilst the Hansard reporter must sit the samef time have been plunged into the depths of despair. Forth flowed the words' like peas pouring from a pot, or to use a more poetic simile ' like the waters flow down from Lodore ' ' — sentences with neither beginning nor end, punctuated by full stops when ke took breath, every five inicttv.es or so, in the middle of a word; and commas when there Should have been full points; Mr. Molloy must really atteinpt to cneck this rapidity of utterance,- and thinfc out his speeches beforehand, ao as to render them connected and intelligible, otherwise h's usefulness .wjll be impaired and he will be neither listened to nor reported. Mn Quinlan declared for Nor t ham, and ad mitted that he was trusting to the opinions of those who knew the Toodyay District, and not to his own knowledge, quite a supererogatory statement in the circum stances, but creditable td his , character for candour. Finally Mr. Parker replied with moderation and effect, scoring one neat little point to begin with off Mr. Clarkson, whom he characterised as more effective in ejaculation than in connected speech, and advising him to adhere to the former. He quietly marshalled former facts and arguments which had never been replied to, but in vanu The Premier with his solid majority sat impassive, and did not even condescend to reply, and when the division bell was rung there]. were 19 Northamites (Ministerialists) and 9 Yorkites, the former being too ranch, ashamed of themselves' to raise even the ghost of a cheer over their victory. 