The political situation just now is, above all things, one of suspense. Not withstanding the confident statements that Mr MUNRO will appoint himself Agent-General, the act has not yet been done, and, in view of the severe criticism which the rumors have evoked, it is possible that the Pre mier will even yet withdraw, even supposing that his plans in this regard had already been completed. Then, in the event of Mr Munro’s departure for London, and Mr Sqiels being promoted to the Premiership, it is by no means certain that the country would ap prove of the change. . The impression is that, just now, Victoria wants, as Premier and Treasurer, a thoroughly reliable and sagacious financier, a qualification with which Mr Shiels is not credited, rather thon- nBL-rJEupulslve and occasionally erratic member, which he just as certainly is. And even as suming that his. present, colleagues would agree to give, Mr, Shiels' .a' generous and loyal support, and making the- still .more- risky .as sumption that the country would, at the general election, return a ma jority of Ministerial supporters, other complications appear, as, for example, the effect which Sir Graham Berry’s re-appearance in our midst will have on the general situation, and what posi tion the labor party will take in refer ence to it. A minor, though by no means unimportant issue lies between the labor party and. Sir Graham him self. At present, judging by the re ported interview between a Telegraph reporter and Mr Hancock, the return of the democratic knight is not very favorably regarded. According to Mr Hancock, it is not the title which so much stands in the way, as the belief that Sir Graham has back slidden from the; political faith by virtue of which he once carried Vic toria by storm. Therefore the more, advanced liberals will, it is said, have none of' him. It, may be, of course, that there is an unacknowledged ap prehension that Sir Graham Berej might secure the.'supreme leadership of the whole Trades’ Hall party, and over-ride newer and stronger claims for that honor. Be all this as it may, Sir Graham, "without doubt, will form a party, • and perhaps a strong party, which will hare to be reckoned with in future political arrangements. According to the Argus London correspondent, Sir Graham holds, that the circumstances of the colony are peculiar, and the most press -1 ing need is for financial reform. From this we gather that the latter would be amain plank in his platform, although he would support, the “one man one vote” bill and other similar measures. On finance, Sir Graham Berry can speak with authority. He knows the London money market, and knows the typical British investor, and on the strength of that acquaintance he affirms that the outcry against present further Australian borrowing is not coming from financial bulls or greedy syndicates, but proceeds from a gene ral impression that the Australian colonies have been borrowing too much and too fast, and that, in the merest prudence, we must practise caution .and self-restraint at any cost, and leave the London money market alone ;till it recovers elasticity and tone in our favor. Statements of this sort from so experienced and well- informed a mati will have their' effect on the electors, and on thq. House when it meets. The possibility is suggested that Sir Graham might take office as Treasurer under Mr Shiels, but we imagine the ex- Agent-General in such a scarcely possible case would regard the Treasurership as only a stepping stone to the position of Premier. If the labor party does not like Sir Graham Berry, so neither do its members, according to Mr Hancock, like Mr .Shiels, nor would they be pleased to see either him or Mr M‘Leak at the head of the Govern ment. It was hinted to the Telegraph reporter that, in the opinion of the Trades’ Hall, the Ministry ought to go outside their own ranks for a leader, and a suggestion was made that one of the judges might feel it his duty to surrender the calm of the judicial bench for the heat.and strife of politics. It is hardly possible to mistake the meaning of this oracular suggestion, hut, for the , present at least, it may be laid aside. Another feature in the position is that whether Mr Munro goes, or stays he has, according to Mr Hancock, lost the support of the Liberal, party. It is charged against him that he was ap parently willing to desert his Cabinet and his party at a critical period in order to place himself in a position of high influence and emolument, and he is bitterly blamed because he retained the Council Ministers in his team after the memorable fiasco of the one man one vote bill, this being, in Mr Han cock’s view, a deliberate breach of faith.. It must be confessed that the whole position is a puzzling one, and in all likelihood the period between this and April will witness some singular developments. There will be a Minis terial party, but of what size or influence cannot be yet determined. There will be . an Opposition, of course, of that direct sort which opposes Ministers simply because they are in office. There will be a Berry party, and of course a Labor party and a fifth section, the members of which, not being anything in particular, like to be known as independent. Hot any one of these will be strong enough of itself, to carry on the country’s busi ness and coalition or at any rate alli ance, is inevitable. It is to the negotiations for this alliance that we may look for an unlimited amount of interesting and exciting political by play. ■ As might be expected, the share ■market last week was not very brisk. Usually, after the holidays, it takes brokers and speculators some little time to “ feel the pulse” of the market. But, however much this might apply to some stocks, it certainly does not- to others, which, opened business with very healthy promise that up to the present has been maintained. The re ports; from several mines that closed the year under a cloud of depression, are once more of a cheering nature. Avery steady demand exists from Melbourne - for Star of the Easts, and numbers of sales took place at unrecorded prices. The fact that on Friday offers of £ll 10s failed to induce a response is a good indication of the repute in which the scrip is held. The Sir Henry Loch Company are opening out north and south oh the lode struck- at the 1400 feet level on the last day of the year. What speculators think of the prospects may be judged by sales taking place at 16s and 16s 6d, as against a closing value for last year of 12s 6d. During the week the Eastern Star Freehold Company has declared its first dividend, and from the appear ance of the mine regular payments should be made. The shareholders have never been called upon to con tribute in the shape of calls, so that the company has been unusually for tunate. Immediately adjoining to the south is the Eastern Star Extended Company, where it is expected that the payable run of stone will be struck in a few weeks, as the Freehold Com pany are working stono . that' lias re turned an ounce to the ton within a distance of 30 feet of the boundaries. Eastern Star shares- have, in oonse quence, come into the market again, and changed hands at 3s and 3s Id. In.the South Star flat veins of quartz are 1 coming in, and the water is increasing, so that it is expected a lode is at hand. The South Plateau Com pany, too, report that they are crush ing from a promising-looking body of stone. In the New Kohinoor mine the slide has been crossed, and the stone on the other side looks well. Tiie Band and Albion tributors, too, state that they have met with gold-bearing stone. In the East the mines are nearly all looking well. The Speedwell Com .pany return the fine yield of 255 oz, of which 60-oz is represented by a nugget. In the Last Chance United mine the slopes all present a promising appear ance, gold l being visible in the stone. The Llanberris, Llanberris No. 1, and Sulieman Pasha Companies give equally cheering accounts. Last Chance • have been in fair de mand, .and offers of 11s 3d failed to -bring, about business. Llanberris No. 1 solid at ss. Outside of Ballarat the Black Horse United is to the fore .with the capital yield of 499 oz 6 dwt from 850-, tons quartz and 7J tons pyrites. Shares were in good demand, and offers of £lO went unsatisfied. The Creswick and Smeaton mines are without .. change, though: . the Berry Consols yield is above the average. In the Dowling Forest No. 1 mine prospects are improving. The yield is much better than usual, and the wash is richer, while it is be lieved the Bald Hills gutter has been touched with a bore. Hepburn Estate had a good run during the week at from 4s 2d to 6s fid, but receded to 4s 10d. Band and Albions had fair busi ness at the start at from 5s 3d to 5s 4Jd. Prentices advanced from 17s to 19s, and closed strong. Parker’s United sold atfromlsSd tols7d to Isfid. Midas Consols were quitted up to 3s 4d, but eased to 2s lOd. Cruickshanks, North Dukes, and Trentham Revivals also had exchanges at current rates. The following dividends have been declared during the week;—Berry Consols, 2s; Eastern Star, 3d. The intercolonial cricket match was con ■ tinned at Sydney on Saturday, Now South Wales having made 215 in the first inning". South Australia went to the wickets, and Jarvis having been caught by Callaway for 5, Lyons had made 49 andG. Giffen 31, both not out. Play was stopped at one p.m. owing to rain. When stumps were drawn the score stood at 249 for the loss of two wickets. A burglary of a very extensive, and, at the same time, impudent character was committed late on Saturday night, at the White Hart hotel, Sturt street, just before retiring for the night, the licensee (Mr E. R. Keelan), ns is' customary with him, was looking round his premises to see if every thing was safe, and to his astonishment lie discovered that one of the back windows had been forced.open, and fixed-so firmly that considerable force was required to close it. On making an examination he dis covered that some person or persons had effected an entrance, and, with the assist ance of a stout rope, had forced open a drawer in which were deposited.articles and money to the value of £6OO, consisting of three gold rings, two crosses, two pairs of earrings, a jubilee five-shilling piece, a lot of mining scrip, a deposit receipt for £2OO on the Mercantile Bank, and other valuables. Lying in the room, near the chest of drawers, was a piece of quartering, rounded off at one end, which was evidently intended for use by the burglars in case of being disturbed. Mr Keelan, after having amused his two sons, reported the robbery at the City police station. Constables Rogerson and M’Pherson (plain-clothes), Rankin, and Paterson- made a close inspec tion of the premises, aud were soon success ful in obtaining a slight clue as to the perpetrators of the affair. With remarkable -shrewdness and ability the constables! in less than two hours* time, succeeded in tracing the stolen articles to a house at the foot nt what is known as the W hill, Ballarat South. Ou approaching the house a light was observed to be burning in one of the rooms, which was immediately blown out when the police demanded an en trance. A old woman named M'C'.'r-| mack answered the knock, and after a little'hesitation opened the door, ' On entering one of the bedrooms two young men, named Phillip Bree and Wm. Gar- j diner, aged 20 and 25. years respectively, : were found in.bed apparently asleep. They were aroused and questioned by the police, 1 hut denied all knowledge of the affdr. Con stables Rogerson and M‘Pherson then made a diligent search of the men’s clothing and also of’the rooms. They were rewarded by .discovering in the fireplace a quantity of burnt paper which was still recognisable as the remains of some of the stolen documents, and two purses. In the pocket of ‘a coat claimed by Bree was found the sum’ of £7, while in' the pocket of another coat were found two brown paper parcels containing jewellery and money. On the strength of this the constables arrested the two men named and lodged them in the City lock-up. The prisoners will appear at the City Police Court this morning, when a remand'will be applied for. It might be mentioned that the jewellery recovered has been identified by Mrs Keelan as her pro perty. Considering the very meagre infor mation supplied to the police the arrest, I which- was made in such a brief space of time; must be regarded as a really devorono and one that is worthy of more than pavsing : notice, demonstrating as it does the efficiency | of the local force. ' The funeral of the late Khedive ; ot Egypt on Friday was attended by 200,000 people. His son and successor, Abbas .Bey, is well spoken of. Our- Melbourne correspondent wrote on Saturday evening:—“A strike of a peculiar character: occurred at Williamstown to-day, when ns the mail steamer Ophir was hauling off 14 of the firemen struck work unless a new hand engaged- here were discharged. The chief engineer refused to come under the heel of the stokehole authority, and the whole 14 bundled ashore only to find them selves arrested and sent to the lockup shortly after. Here they were ordered back to the ship in handcuffs, and . as the free laborers was withdrawn the Ophir got away shortly before 4 p.m.” Lord Knutsford is suffering from influenza. | It is understood, that the Holy Ghost Col > lege, Sturt street,, is about to be disbanded, | owing to the difficulty of obtaining a suffi cient teaching staff. Some of the masters have already left Ballarat, and those who remain are engaged in winding up the affairs of the College. _ The first event for Sir T. Bath’s trophy was sailed off at the lake.on Saturday after noon. Five yachts tookup their moorings, viz, the'Viola, Dirlie Bay, Flying Scud, Pinafore, and Achievement. Tltore was only a light breeze blowing, and the race was con sequently late in finishing. The Scud, Viola, and Darlie Bay kept well together for the whole of the distance, and passed the post almost in line. The Viola was half a second in front of the Scud, with the Darlie Bay next, a second off. The Flying Scud’s time allowance, however, placed her first, with the Viola second, and the Darlie third. The second event will be sailed on Saturday next. I The mortal remains of the late Mr Alex ander Don, a very old identity of Ballarat, were interred in the Old Cemetery yester day. The funeral was largely attended, many of our leading citizens joining in the cortege to pay their last respects to the memory of an old friend. Amongst those present were Mr E. Murphy, M.L.A., and many representative mining men. The deceased, who was the father of Mr James Don, the well-known mining speculator and contractor, and Messrs John, Alexander, and Robert D m, was 81 years of age at the time of his death. He had been very suc cessful in his mining ventures, and for years past had lived on his means. He was highly respected by all who knew him, and had a very large oirole of friends, gained by his many sterling qualities. Two of his sons (Messrs Robert and Alexander Don) were formerly well-known in athletic circles, the former having years ago competed with Fox, another well-known pedestrian. At the funeral yesterday Messrs W. L. Pains, R. Chappie, Jas. Clark, and R. L. Blaikie acted 1 as coffin-bearers, and Mess'rs H. Stuart, W. Chisholm, W. Smythe, W. Rattray, W. Clarke, C. Walker, Harrison, Hayes, D. Walker, and VV. Clarke as pall bearers. The Rev. T. R. Cairns officiated 'at the house and grave, and Mr C. Morris carried out the mortuary arrangements satisfactorily. A girl named Emily Provis was arrested at Beaufort on Friday by Senior-constable Love, of Ballarat East, on a warrant charging her with stealing a quantity of clothing from the dwelling of Mrs Hives, in Pleasant street. The girl is said to have been an associate of the girls Price, Simpson, and Anthony, on remand for vagrancy. She was brought up at the Town Police Court on Saturday morning and remanded until Thurs day next, ' j A magisterial enquiry was held on Satur- day by Mr Chalk, J.P., touching the death of the furniture van driver, William Rose, who was killed by being run over in Arm- strong street on Friday afternoon. The evidence went to show that he was slightly under the influence of liquor, and was sway- ing about on the seat of the van. The young man Mahoney, who was driving, stated that there was no jolt to throw deceased out, but that he somehow overbalanced himself, and fell without any warning. A verdict of ac- cidental death was returned. The deceased's proper name was William Draper, but he wa generally known by his step-father's surname, Rose. The funeral took place yes- terday afternoon. A fire occurred shortly before 11 o'clock on Saturday night in a ten-roomed wooden house in Wendouree Parade, near the Barley Sheaf hotel, and owned by Mr David Wood- head. The firemen were promptly on the spot after the alarm had been given, but owing to the absence of any water-plug in the locality, could do nothing but watch the house burn out. The flames spread very rapidly, and in a very short time from the start the whole of the place was on fire. The inmates succeeded in making their escape without injury, but lost their all. The house and furniture were, we understand, insured, but for what amount we could not learn. The half-yearly meeting of the Operative Bakers’ Society was held at the Trades Hall on Saturday evening; the president, Mr C. Dorter, in the chair. There was a full attendance. Correspondence from Trades Hall Council was received and dealt with. The balance-sheet for the past half year, which showed the finances of the society to be steadily increasing, was submitted to and adopted by the meeting; also the auditors report. Mr C. Dorter tendered his resigna tion, which was received, and accepted with regret, and a hearty vote of thanks was passed to him for past services to the A vote'of the meeting was taken, which re sulted in Mr H. Douglas being elected pre sident for the next .six months. Several accounts were pasted for payment, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. A lad named Arnold J. Collett, residing in Skipton street, fell down on some broken glass in Grant street on Saturday and sus- tained an ugly wound on the left wrist. The injury was attended to at the Hospital. The following other accident cases were also treated at the institution; —George Cowan, residing in South street, suffering from in juries to the forefinger of the left hand, caused by getting it jammed by a truck at the Star of the East mine; and James Kaye, residing in South street, suffering with a fish-hook in his finger. The Benevolent Asylum Committee will meet at the Board-room to night, at 8 o’clock. There was again a very large attendance at the People’s Meeting, at the Alfred Hall, on Saturday night, when a firat- olasa musical and literary programme waa pro vided by St. Paul’s Church of England Temperance Society. The chair - waa occupied by Mr Francis, who delivered an interesting address on the wisdom of abstaining from ..intoxicating liquors. The Misses Allen, Welch, O’Connor, Cottier, Dnbberlin and Johns, and Messrs O’Connor, Dubberlin and Kedwell contributed items in a very pleasing manner, while a number of the junior members rendered dialogues in a manner that reflected much credit upon their teachers. The Bev. J. B. Johnson gave an able address on the values and virtues of temperance, and he urged upon his hearers, particularly the young men, to sign the total abstinence pledge and to avoid the drinking customs of society; The meeting closed with the singing of.-the doxology. On Saturday Mr G. G. Morton, of Labona, who has just recovered from a serious attack of influenza,, which it was thought at one time would prove fatal, visited Ballarat for the first time for many weeks. . Though not completely recovered Mr Morton is in a fair way to the complete restoration of health, and “arriiiy congratulated by , friends, The funeral of the late Mr Draper (Rose), van proprietor, who died from injuries, the result of an accident, on Friday, took place yesterday. The remains were interred in the Old Cemetery, and were followed by a large number of friends, headed by over 100 members nf the M.U.1.O.O.F. In ac- cordance with the wish of his comrades, the procession was stopped some distance from the cemetery, the coffin, taken from the hearse, and borne to the grave by Messrs Thos. Gingle, W. Sherrard, W. Speedy, and George Robertson. Messrs W. Mouncey, J. Langley, J. Woolcock, M. Beenon, W. Nunn, G. Palmer, A. Hall, and W. Short acted as pall-bearers. Both coffin and pall bearers were either van proprietors or drivers. Canon Mercer officiated at the grave, and the N.G of the lodge read the Odd- fellows’ service. Canon Mercer also de- livered a very impressive address over the grave. Mr C. Morris carried out the duties of undertaker efficiently. The monthly meeting of the Buninyong-- shire Council will be held to-day, at the Shire Hall, Mount Clear. At the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church .yesterday- lh«- pulpit was occupied in the morning by the Rev. C; Cameron, pastor of the Ebenezer Presbyterian Church, who preached a practical and inspiring sermon from Timothy i., 7 —“ For God hath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind.” There was a large congregation, and the discourse wes greatly appreciated. In the evening the church waa crowded in every partr. The Rev. Dr Porter, pastor of the Baptist Church, conducted the service, which was a most impressive one. : The discourse was based on the words —“ Ye must be born again.” An after meeting was subsequently held, which was attended with good results. The church choir rendered efficient service during the day. The evening anthem, “Seek ye the Lord," the tenor aolo of which was taken by Mr B. James, was specially well rendered. The collections were in aid of the circuit funds, and amounted to £2O 141 lOd. The Bnngareeshire Council will meet to day, at the Shire Hall, L“igh Creek. ‘ I On Wednesday last Mounted-Constable Grotty, in company with Mr A. G. Stewart, of Branxholme, came to Ballarat, looking for a number of sheep that had been stolen from the latter. Constable Rogerson was instructed to accompany Grotty to discover,: < if possible, the whereabouts of the missing flock. On making enquiries, it was found that the sheep had b“en sold at the corpora- ! ' tion yards on Tuesday Inst, to various butchers and graziers of Ballarat, Myrniong, and Dean, A warrant was " at once sworn for .the arrest of a man named Vaughan, who is,supposed to have been concerned in the theft. Mounted-Constable Crotty pro ceeded to Branxholme, for the purpose of effecting the arrest, while Constable Roger son continued the search, and waa successful in recovering the whole of the sheep (53 in number), which are now in the possession of | the local police. Vaughan has since been arrested at Haywood, by the Branxholme police. It is with regret we record the death of another old and much respected resident in the person of Mr Thomas Cochrane, father of Messrs James and Thomas William Coch- rane. The deceased was a colonist of 40 years, having arrived here in ’52 He was a long resident in the Smythes and Haddon districts, having lived there for upwards of 30 years. He leaves a widow and two sons well provided for. The remains will be in terred in the Scarsdale Cemetery, as will be seen by advertisement elsewhere. A resident of Sebastopol, named John Davies, met with a serious accident on Saturday. He was engaged in breaking in a young horse in a cart, when a sudden swerve threw him out on to the roadway. Davies sustained fractures of both bones of the left leg. The sufferer was brought into Ballarat and admitted to the Hospital. We would remind owners and trainers of racehorses that nominations for thn Burrumbnet Park races, which take place on Foundation Day, 26th inst., mu«t be made with the secretary, at Brophy’s hotel, by 8 30 o’clock this evening. At that hour a meeting of the club will also be held at Brop'iy’s hotel. The half-yearly meeting of the local branch of the Amalgamated Society of Tanners and Curriers was held at Buninyong on Satur day night; Mr Avage in the chair. There ! was a large attendance. Amongst the corres pondence was a letter from the metropolitan j society giving information of a satisfactory character regarding the position of that body. The federation scheme as drafted at ! the recent Trades and Labor Union Con gress which sat in Ballarat, was considered at length, and ultimately adopted in its entirety. It was decided to loan the sum of £5 to the Trades’ Hall Counoil for the pur pose of assisting to meet the preliminary expenses in connection with the forthcom ing Eight Hours’ Day demonstration. The election of officers was then proceeded with, and resulted as follows:—President, Mr T. Davis;- vice-president, Mr C. Kennedy; treasurer, Mr Avngp; secretary, jj r p Tutton, jnn.; auditors, Messrs P|, e i Hn Howell; representative on eight hoars’ mittee, MrTatton; delegatus on Trades’ Council, Messrs Avage and Davis, tl newly-appointed president, i n return! * thanks, expressed his appreciation 0 { manner in which the officers and membe had worked for the cause of unionism •* the past, and he trusted that in the futo' 0 they would work with the samo ! of spirit for the common cause which done so much for the workers of Australi He was glad that there was no appearsn of anything of a disturbing nature as f ar C! they were concerned, and he trusted th*t the same ' friendly relations between members of the society and their employe,! would continue to, exist. The remarks Mr Davis were received with applause. Xlie meeting then closed. Charles Cheater Ronalds, who was ar- rested on a charge of having committed perjury at the Town Police Court in the case against the three girls, Alice Price, Minnie Simpson, and Ella Anthony, charged with vagrancy, made his appearance before Messrs Robertson and O’Day, J’s.P., on Saturday morning. He was remanded until Thursday next. The accused asked the bench to make the bail as light as possible but the magistrates decided to allow it in two sureties of £100 each and his own recog- nisance for £200. '.The time for receiving entries for literary and musical competitions iu counec. tion with the A.N.A. Foundation D,y Demonstration closed on Saturday night when nearly 150 were received, • Entries bearing. Saturday'a post-mark will, however be. accepted, so that the number may be slightly augmented. The entries will be classified ns soou as : possible, so that the times for the several events rnay be noth I fied. ■ The following officers were elected at the I half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Gernwn Association held last week;—President, lit E. Ballhausen (re-elected); vice-president, Mr W. Blesterfeld; secretary, Mr A. Braun; treasurer, Mr C, Lamp; librarian, Mr C. Glaasbrenner; finance committee, Messrs, fl, Jacobi, C. Grosser, J. Peter?, and A. Belsoh ner; auditors, Messrs T.'Kawerau, P. Mari sen, and J. Bang; library committee, Mesari J. Listberger, T. Kawer.au, C. Lemp, and A. Braun. . ‘ Mr Chapman, from Bairusdale, has been pointed as manager of the Bank of Ken South Wales, in place of Mr Lowers, who has been granted a year’s leave of absence. Mr A. C. Carnegie, the popular baritone, commences tuition in singing in Ballarat to day. Mr Carnegie’s last appearance in ■ Campenlown, where he has been for several years past, was at a recent concert under the auspices of the Camperdown Musical As sociation, and he had..to respond with encores for the. two numbers programmed. The Camptrdown Chronicle says ;—“From a musical point of view the concert waa an undoubted . success. The- feature of tbs entertainment' was. Mr A. C. Carnegie’s songs. That gentleman has neve.r been heard before to better advantage. We understand Hint Mr Carnegie intends shortly to leave Camperdown and return to Ballarat. His departure will be a great loss to the dis trict.” The members of the Noil street Wesleyan Church choir on Friday night last enter tained.Mr J. T. Vercoe, the popular baas singer, who has accepted the leadership of the choir, at a social. A large,number of the members and their friends assembled, and spent a very pleasant evening. A first class programme of songs and recitals waa efficiently carried oat, and a number of social games were indulged in. Daring an interval light refreshments were partaken of. The singing of “ Auld long syne” brought a very enjoyable evening to a close. Mr Joshua Gregory, an ez-connclllor of Ballarat East, is at present in a critical con dition, suffering'from liver complaint. To-riight| after a tour of the colonies, Mr Rice’s popular “ Evangeline ” Company will renew ’ their acquaintance' with Ballarat theatre-goers.’ Judging from the interest manifested, and the demand for tickets, the eeason is likely t» prove, if possible, more successful than that of the company’s last visit to Ballarat, Daring the season three of Mr Rice’s most" notable successes will be staged, namely, “ Evangeline,” to- night, to morrow,' and Wednesday; on Thursday, the spectacular opera bouffe, “The Corsairs,” will be staged for three nights; and this will give place to the extravaganza, “Cin derella.” Our Bendigo correspondent tele graphed last night:-—“Rice’s ‘Evangeline’ Company closed their season here last even ing, after a series of brilliant successes. During the engagement three burlesques have been presented on a most lavish scale. For the past three nights ‘Cinderella’ has been produced, and this delightful burlesque scored a triumph.. The scenery and dresses iu all. the produc ioua have been the talk of the town, and the season has proved the most successful ever played in this city. To-moirow morning the full.company leave for Ballarat.” • The Ballarat Amateur Sailing Club intend to' hold a regatta at the Lake on the 26th instant. The programme will include yacht, skiff, rowing, and canoe races. Mr Snazelle will commence bis season of six nights at the Mechanics’ Institute this evening with hia popular entertainment, “ Music, song, and story,” and will no doubt repeat the success made elsewhere. One of the leading attractions of this entertainment is that each item is pictorially illustrated with views of unusual excellence, and as the programme embraces .a wide range of sub jects,' there is a likelihood of each taste being * gratified.' At the AthenaJum Hall, Mel bourne, on Saturday evening last, Mr Snazelle. brought to a brilliant finish hia sixth season in that city. His entertainment has gained universal approval from all those who have witnessed it, arid without doubt will be appreciated here. The number of out-dpnr recipients of relief from the Benevolent Asylum last week was 658, There are 272 inmates remaining iu the Asylum. A correspondent writes:—“At the usual weekly meeting of the Star of the East Lodge, No. 19, I O.G.T.i there was a fair attendance oNmembers and visitors; Br Tur ton iu the chair. After the usual routine business had been disposed of, it waa re solved to hold the annual picnic in February. Arrangements were left in the hands of the harmony committee, Br Tarton addressed the meeting to some length, referring to the great power of influence. At the conclusion of the address he was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. The usual vote of thanks closed' a very enjoyable meeting.” Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, is on a visit toKoroit, and is expected to return at the end of this week. Miss Rose Earles, of Skipton (says our local correspondent] has again been success ful in the recent competition held at the GTamiltnn Exhibition. This young lady, who is just 14 years of age, secured second prize at a competition held there on the 16th December, and at a similar competition nn the 7th January, defeated all the com petitors, thereby carrying off first prize. The superintendent of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum desires to acknowledge with thanks a quantity of cake from Mr Reid, Lydiard street; also a quantity of cake from Mrs Balhauseu for the inmates. • The numerous friends of the Rev. P. O'Donohoe, P.P., of Cordons, will be plaased to know that the rev. gentleman is now out of danger and convalescent, but it will be quite a mouth before he is able to get about again.' The mineral lease held by the Lai La Iron Company over 319a 3r of land at. Lai Lai has been declared void. In our advertising columns Mr Arthur M'Murrough Kavanagh announces that he intends opening a collegiate institution in Ballarat. Mr Kavanagh is sou of the late Professor Kivaungh, chief inspector of national schools in Ireland. Mr Kavanagh brings a'number of high-class testimonials. His Grace Archbishop Carr writes:— “l feel much pleasure in giving a letter of strong recommendation to Mr A. M‘C. Kavanagh. He has received the highest testimonials both ns a high-class educationist ami a high-minded, trustworthy Christian gentleman.” Mr Stead Ellis, secretary Education Board, Nelson, NZ, says: — “Mr A. M. Kavanagh is an excellent teacher, in fact one of the best we have had in the service, as the inspectors' reports show,” Other testimonials equally satisfac tory have been shown us. Mr W. H. Callister has been appointed head teacher of the Trunk Lead State school. The monthly meeting of the Argus Perma nent Building and Investment Society was held on the 6;h inst. at the society's office, 441 Buurke street, Melbourne, the Hon. Agar Wynne, M.L.C., in the chair. The manager, Mr William F, Salmon announced the re mlpts for the month of December to have been £1364 9s 56, and for the same period five £2O inverting paid up shares and 114 £2O Investingcontributing shares had been issued, and that the mumber of depositors had in creased since the balance on the 31st October, 1891\. Messrs D. Cooke and Cos., of Lydiard street, are the agents. Messrs B. Latter, Robt. Niool, and Jas. Haniill have been appointed trustees of the Morrisons Cemetery, vice Messrs J. Wells, 3\. Feehan, and D. Nicol, resigned. Ballarat, the Golden City, the city of statues, reflects in its poetic secondary names ’something (writes ‘•Oriel” in the Argus) of the light of Eastern imagery, something suggestive of the earthly Para dise but latterly an evil spirit has descended Into’Sturt, street, and there is trouble by the shores of Lake Wendhuree. Cr Shoppee, the mayor, has a soul above hyperbole, and dislikes to be addressed, with other respect able citizens on Sunday afternoons,'as “Ye fools and-blind,” by ' insignificant" people, with rasping voices and rusty black suits, whom he could buy up a hundred 'times over without feeling any inconvenience. Besides, they often use shockingly bad language,- and decline to, obey the pre cept that they must “ never mention hell to ears polite;” The use of bad language in a public place is contrary to law, and the Mayor" of Ballarat, who has already put bis official foot, so f to speak, through the drums of the Salvation Army, has now resolved to grind the stray ex positors who remain behind beneath his heel. Cr Thompson, again, does not believe that men cannot be made moral by act of Parliament. Be would like to see Ballarat the most moral city in the colonies, and this desirable state of affairs he proposes to bring about by the introduction of anew bylaw. Somewhere in the dim and distant future, when Mr Martin Loughlih has won a seat in the Legislative Council, and Mr Bechefvaise is satisfied that he haa not been grossly in gulted by the General' Post Office, the citizens of Ballarat will awake from their apathy and will set up anew group of statuary in the gardens, representing Cr Shoppee and Cr Thompson, modelled on a colossal scale, with lions’ skins over their shoulders, and clubs, labelled “civic authority,” in their brawny hands, driving the hydra-headed monster of open-sir preach ing from the peaceful glades of their emanci pated city. The death is announced from Traralgnn, On Friday, of Dr Morrison, J.P., in.liis 60th year, a colonist of 38 years’ standing. Only a moderate supply of wheat is at present (saya the local Tribune) coming into Charlton, the price being 3s lOd per bushel. The Melbourne market in wheat is rather irregular, owing to the large quantities now arriving from the country. Millers have offered to buy at 4s 3d, but this price has not been accepted. A fair amount of business for shipment has, been .transacted at 4s 4d. Country stone flour has had sales at £lO. In oats there has'been a strong demand for Algerians, and fair sales have' beei* made at Is 8d to Is 10d. The trade in New Zealand oats for the R-verina has'dwindled away, partly owing to the duty lately imposed by the New South Wales Government. It is ex pected that the Riverina demand for im ported oats, will, in future, be- largely supplied by Victorian-grown Algerian oats, which can .be placed on the border at less than the current quotations in Melbourne", owing to a saving of. railway freight, while New Zealand oats cannot be laid down in Melbourne at less than 2s 3d under bond. Up to the present time 1625 tons of Vic torian butter have been exported to London this season. Taking the value at Is per lb, or 112 s per cwt, the valuer-aches the impor tant sum of £182.000. So much butter has been sent away, yet the export trade will be continued into February, by which time shipments will, it is expected, reach over 2000 tons. In fact, that ■ quantity would have been greatly exceeded had sufficient cool storage space been provided, but better provision to meet all demands will be made next season. Last evening (says Saturday’s Bendigo Advertiser) Mrs Dood, of Quarry Hill, who on Thursday gave birth to triplets, was getting on well. The babes, whose united weight amounts to 21£lb, are also thriving splendidly. The following vacancies in the Education Department are announced;--Head teachers —Claes 3b, Chewton; Claes 4, Yarraville; Class 5, Limestone Creek (near Guildford), St, Arnaud North, and Lownn North. First female assistants—Class 2, Brunswick; Class 4, Kangaroo Flat, Female junior assistants —Port Melbourne, Moouee Ponds West, South Melbourne, and Kensington. Female relieving teacher and male relieving teacher. The Traralgon butter factory is now (saya an exchange) putting through an average of 750 gallons of milk per day. Two and a quarter tons were exported to England last week. An official return has been received for the first four shipments, which shows that up to 122 s per cwt. was received. 