MELBOURNE. ; . .':./ ' - July 22. [FSOJI ODB OOBBESEOKDBST.] , The Pascoevale;Ministry ;has started badly. Their labour, bureau appears to have had the .f.ffeet of drawing:.mora urieini'Ioyed men to Melbourne than existed in it formerly, while it has not succeeded iu finding work for many of them; except at the swamps', ""where labour caonot profitably be employed in the winter. ^A friend of mine, who happened to be driving through ' that: portion of the Western District. lately, says that the whole country round Cohdah resembles a lake, aud consequently the inutility of employing ;, men tb work, at evvamp drainage must be apparent., - Ae that poor fellow who was interviewed at 'Portland pointed out, tbe men bad: to: work at Condafi up to ;their .waists in .water, and then could not at bast, make more than 21s-a. week, and were charged 15s a week out-of this tor tucker. The fact that they were sent up without some better provision "than this being made for the supply.of. fo:,d to ,tbem-was-significantly indicative that the arrangements were imperfect 'from beimr hurried. Fifteen shillings a week is an extortionate sum to charge a labourer for shelter and food in' a district' where muttbn.is . cheap and firewood, available at, all- times. Eight shillings should be ample. At the Melbourne police depot the men ara lodged, receive., three m'-aih a day with coffee at all hours, and' many other advantages, such~ as -billiard, recreation and smoking rooms for far less than was charged to these unfortunate labourers, and yet tho contractor for supplying them makes money, while any of our cheap restaurants will board and'lodge a man for 14s a week. And this in tbe city, where rents are high, and have to be allowed for, where fuel and' light is' dear, and meat is not as cheap as in the couutry districts. I do not want to gird at the management of the bureau, for the tisk before them is an onerous .aud immense one, but before men-.are despatched in an indiscriminate sort, of 'way up country there should be Bome provision made for feeding arid sheltering, them until they get to the work to which they are sent. They ought not to be expected to sit out all night in a paddock round a fire without food 1 In tho Parliamentary world the sensation of the week next to 'the Pascoevale scandal bas been the . laying up of Mr Wheeler, mainly caused by insomnia, the result of overwork. In all probability this is tbe prelude to Mr Wheeler's retirement from the Cabinet at no distant date. - He is 66 years of age, a time of life when tha tasks he basts perform and the burdeins he has to bear are no light ones, and they are made the harder for bim inasmuch as he is naturally of-a nervous, itritable disposition. Gladstone's remark tbat be always dismissed all public affairs from bis mind the instant he prepared' to sleep '.would not apply to him. He would .be more of .Bright's habit, who rejoined, " I would be happy if I could do that; I always think of iny speeches in hed." We shall miss the active, vehement Minister when bis time comes to be sexagenarianised, but it is pretty, evident be ear,not stand the strain he bas endured lately. .'The Cabinet- is not one wherein the work of administration is evenly shared; too much of tbe responsibility falls upon a few. ' Mr Zeal has established a pleasant custom since he entered upon office. Every Tuesday, evening during the refreshment hour be gives a little dinner, the gueBts numbering usually about ten, though on one occasion there were fourteen, and consisting entirely of his brother members of the council and a few. specially invited from the Assembly. The little repast takes place in the presidents room during tbe refreshment hour, arid is likely to prove one of tboBe social innovations tbat have come to stay. Society is .in "a bit of a-flutter at bearing that another titled aide-de camp ie to be added to' tbe court of Domain Hill. What do these A.D.C. do,-and what is the• attraction which brings tbe nobles of England to Victoria literally in heaps. It is not tbe salary, for an A.D.C. only receives £300 a year and an " extra" only the honor ' of attaching the initials and the run of bis teeth. At the present time we- have Lord Rosehill, Lord Northesk, the Honorable Tatton Willoughby, and Captain de Moleynes,- all assisting to maintain the dignity of the court, besides all the local gentlemen' who can be called upon at any time to Tender service as assistant aides, and who constitute a formidable body guard. Tbe real right band man of the Governor is, of course. Captain Wallington, who stand on a very different stipendiary footing to tbe aides, being practically a sort of confidentiil phonograph of bis Excellency himself, But these titled A.D.C., all of whom seem to have an intense mission to do nothing but sort visiting cards and talk over the names of people to be invited to Gubernatorial entertainments, always apnear to be like delicate perfumes, something too awfully nice to be exhibited indiscriminately and always best kept bottled up. The public servants have christened the Pascoevale raihvay'their line because they say it is to be built out of the deduction from their earnings. The Ministry, on the other hand, seem' determined to puBh on with the construction of it, and I cannot quite determine whether this is mere bounce, masking the intention to drop .the- matter when the hubbub bas been, stilled a bit, or whether they are riding for a iall. In Melbourne I have been unable to find a single defender of a line which everybody knows cannot pay, and the feelings of the country districts seem equally strong,- for quite a number of letters have' come to band this "week denouncing it. As my coi. -respondents are chiefly gentlemen associated, and generally controlling country newspapers, their comments are entitled to a good deal of weight. Is. it right that a gbost should frighten a Minister of War? This happened some little -time, back when Colonel S&rgood;, at that time Minister of Defence, was silting in one of the summerhouses of those lovely gardens of Ripon Lea. Suddenly he became conscious that seated opposite to him there was a whitesheeted ghost with mask face and gibbering moutb, and attenuated claws — altogether, though be smelt more of disinfectant than of sulphur, a disagreeable being. It vanishedas strangely.as .it appeared, and,, well it must -be confessed, tbe Minister was a little bit upset. Macbeth" wa9 a pretty pronounced individual in the warrior trade, but, you will remember, he exclaimed on one. occasion "What man dare I dare Approach thou like the rugged Russian bear, The armed rhinoceros, .or the Hyrcan tiger. Take any shape-but that, and my firm nerves Shall never tremble. Or be alive again' And dare me to "the desert -with thy Bword. II trembling I inhibit thee protest me The baby oi a girl. Hence horrible shadow- Unreal mockery—hence. And the gibbering ghost benced. and what is more, frightening the Minister of War was his final-coup lev .be has never Bince been Been. The terms of his wager were tbat he was to keep up .these ghostly appearances .for-three months. He did so, and :won tfae bet. : Police- officers -are -often • brought .into contact with phases of mischief- making which appear unaccountable because tbe executor of them derives no advantage thereby. But one of the strangest of these was apparent a few days back in tho prosecution of a boy of only 10 years of age, who has brokeri 40 panes of ;lass in South Melbourne alone. He bailed rom Ascot Vale, and was sent to South Melbourne on a visit to hiB aunt ther?, who one morning on waking found every pane in the front-window, of-the house she occupies has seen smashed; The next night all tbe back ones shared the like fate. Information was given, and the police kept a special eye to that hause for'days, but still windows continued to smashed all round the' neighbourhood until at last, as' I said "before, forty panes had been broken. At length the young culprit was detected, -brougbt before tbe magistrates, and discharged with a caution. Nothing in . this, you will eay. but an .ordinary police court case, but in realitv a ereat deal more. This nrecocious urchin has developed the arc of throwa? his missiles behind bis back. Thus be would tand looking into a window on the east Bide if a street and deftly fling his stone through those on the west side, to which his back was ned. Passers-by or shopkeepers who heard the'erash never-thought .of associating it with the boy who was BO quietly contemplating tbe window of the establishment opposite. Our public offices at the .eastern end of tbe city now present the appearance of an exaggeratsd radish, half white half red. The southern face, whicb has now been finished in white, may fairly be Baidto be a disgrace to the city. The original stucco never appeared particularly. :attractive. .but -now: ;tbat it ;bas been coloured a.ghastly white it looks simply hideous;' >In"no -instance does the contrast between Melbourne and Svduev: mate us Hhnw to greater disadvantage than in tbe aichitecture of our public buildings, the Parliament . HOUBBB and law . court; excepted.<:,In Sydney the splendid (reBstonaalwavs available-is usBim a most-ornamental? fashion^ and is -left to Eland out m its native simplicity ^ unmixed with baser matter «uch asiscuoco and paint. The extent to which thB . money of colonists appreciated, luEngiandhaseveryweeksome fresh verification. Only thiB week there came to me- from- Northampconshirean eight-paged handsomelyallaetratedpamphletTepresenting the Manor of Harrowden. for ages the seat of the family of -De' Vaux. one ot which Thomas published in: the Paradise of iJaintv Device, $hat very , grqvcdigger'6 song which Shakes-, pe^re . ias banded ,down - to .us m JSamlet. M^vrow3en : H&U;'which stands in 20 :»ores of pleasure grounds^ is now utilised as a training institute for young ladias. and the conditions of cancation inere show: what a :cbange . has come intoitbe/ByBtem ot school teaching in England. The principal. Miss Mortime Ronoon is an$T.A::wifb honour certificate, and thevprofeaaoroflFrench'alBo: holds-the'M.i; degrae- The teacher of German iB a Fraulein from: Maldan iTTniversity. and thoBe who instruct in:the pianoforte, singing, the violin, -and-~drawmg«Bnd- -painting -are' respectively Is? of . Liszt. Garcia, Carrodue. and Ibroyi -si-heSermB are 2a guineas ,per teriiji -witha^lotofexwae.butif welookbaekiabout -EO^ears "howsimpoBsible would it -have been jto.obtain such an education as is here offered for ^even tfl e that t m 