THE CHRISTIAN CONVENTION. The attendances at the Christian Convert tiou yesterday in tho Centenary-hall wero larger than on either of the two previous days. The early morning prayer meeting was well attended and all the other services were crowded. In addition a business men's meeting, conducted by Mr. Millard, and a ladies' prayer meeting in the interests of tho China Inland Mission were wedged between the morning and afternoon sittings of the convention, making in all six meetings held during the day. The attendance at the evening service again necessitated a large overflow meeting being held in the lower hall. So eager were the people to secure scats that they began tc assemble almost be fore the hall liad been cleared from the after noon convention, and within an hour of com mencing the sitting accommodation was taxed to its utmost capacity. Many of those present secured their scats two hours and a half before the time aud whilcd away tho interval singing hymns and short refrains from the mission hymn book. At the beginning of the morning session special prayers were offered, in compliance with requests made by letter to the presi dent. Rev. G. C. Grubb presided through out the various sessions and delivered three important addresses. At the morning ses sion Mr. Grubb snokc oil 44 Three verv eond things which took place on the first day of the first month" in the history of the Israelites, and made a running commentary 011 a number of passages of .Scripture. Tho first thing was 44 full deliverance from judg- ment " as symbolised by the Flood, which in turn brought to those who were delivered peace, liberty, the desire to worship and frnitfulncss. Speaking of liberty, Mr. Grubb incidentally observed that there could have been no liberty in the ark, no room for athletics, and the inhabitants must have suf fered greatly from cramp. The second good thing which happened on 44 the first day of the first month " was the setting up of the tabernacle by the willing-hearted, the wise- hearted and the warm-hearted that it might be anointed and filled with the glory of tho Holy Ghost. He asked tlicm to notico how the tabernacle was auointcd, and, further, that the 44 glory " came, not before but after the anointing. The third event was tho cleans ing of the temple (2 Chron., 29 chap. 17 verse) from all that defiled, which was characterised as an Old Testament Pente cost. In this connection the preacher entered upon a polemical discourse in favor of the doctrine of 44 instant sanetiflcation," 44 which," he said, 44 we believe in," and then cited tho case of a clergy man who had refused to attend the convention because of his (Mr. Grubb's) adherence to this doctrine. He quoted such passages as Acts 15, 9 ; II. Corinth., 5, 3; and declared his belief in 44 perfect cleansing and perfect holiness — iu tho gradual transformation of the soul m the glory of Jesus Christ preceded by instan taneous cleansing." A man who could persuade himself that a clean heart meant leaving it dirty was a wonderful com mentator and had 44 a most revised version " of the Scriptures. The Rev. J. East-Harri- son also gave an address, dealing with the exodus of the Children of Israel from Egypt and thoir subsequent passage over tlio Red .Sea as described in Exodus 12th, 15th and 14th chapters. During the progress of tho morning session Mr. Grubb took occasion to reprove liis hearers for not bringing their Bioles to the convention. Sydney people, ho said, seemed to have a great objection to being seen with their Billies. He had scarcely been in any place where he had seen so few people with JBiblcs as in Sydney. At the afternoon session Rev. John Walker delivered an earnest discourse on II. Timothy, 1, 12, and Mr. Grubb continued his address of the morning, "so far as it re lated to the question of instantaneous sanc- tification, in consequence of a remark made by a clergyman's daughter, apparently at issue with the preacher in his deductions, to the efi'cct that she would 44 like to hear what Mr. Grubb had to say about the 7th of Romans," wherein St. Paul bewailed Ins wretchedness as a man. 44 Let's see," said Mr. Grubb, u what tlie 7th of Romans has to say about itself, aud also what the 8th oi Romans has to say about the 7th," and lie then proceeded to uive the young lady in question what the majority of the audience evideully considered a bad quarter of au hour. The evening meeting was a most enthu siastic one, and the speeches appeared to make a deep impression on the large audi ence. Mr. Grubb delivered an outspoken and stirring evangelistic address on the sub ject of the cities of refuge (Joshua xx.). He wanted his listeners, he said, to have a f nil- leugth portrait of Christ that night. He knew he was speaking to murderers, because God held the whole world guilty of tho murder of Jesus Christ. His opinion of the civilisation and education of the nineteenth century was that if they had the chance the people would crucify Jesus over again. If Jesus came to Sydney that day very fewnf tlie Churches would admit him into their pulpits. Since his arrival in Sydney he found that a large percentage of Christians and a fair percentage of miuistcrs had taken furnished apartments in 44 Doubting Castle." 44 1 used to live there myself," he interposed, 44 but I stuck up a notice, 4 these apartments to lot,' and now anybody who wants them can have them, for fchev n-rc of no use to me." The Rev. J onx \V,yntskokd delivered an afieeting address, many of his audience being moved to tears as lie recounted the scenes of a great revival meeting in Fiji, when hundreds of erstwhile cannibals professed conversion. At the close, in response to tho chairman s invitation, a largo number or persons stood up as a testimony of having received good during the day's meetings. This morning at 10.30 a missionary meet ing will be held, to be followed by a meeting for testimony at 3, an open air service at 6 and a final evangelistic service at 7.30. 