" S U N D A Y- S'E R V I C E S; \- . ' - I , 1 - t !>!. CHBIST CHUKCH. The Rev E. A. Crawford preached on Whit sunday morning.: upon Ephesiaitsj. 4th<;qliapter; lOth verse— 'VHe that descended .is; .! lie sajhe also that ascended far above the heavehs that He might till: all things."- : Ib wab not : only thrit He might be- '! crowned with glory arid worship " that Christ ascended.-' but - that H4 might " fill all things." That is a phrase of very wide significance, but it refers first td'tKit biit- pouring of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pente cost. He came to tiie church to abide forbyiiF. The church is the body of Christ. He did iidt ascend in brder that He might be absent from His Ohurcli, but that He might be spiritually- present with every part of it,, if organised Christianity presents to the world a very earthly and uriattractive appearance, this is owing to human failing and not to -the true - inward rtatiire Of the churcH, which is oiily appteheHded by the eye of faith, and so tho church is made an.article df the creed. In spite of appearances to the contrary, it is One, Holy, Catho.lid aHd Apostolic. The Apostolic college was Holy, iti spite of ttie inclusion of J udas Iscariot, . And the church is holy in spite of unworthy members, for the Holy Spirit is her life The only dis tinction of character recognised by Sciipturo are geographical, and our only right , to call ourselves here the Church of England is on -the assumption that the colonies are an extension of the British Empire. ' All baptised and believing pooplo are members of the One Church which started on her victorious career at Ponteoobt. The church is Catholic, not only because it ib for. alt times, and for all climes, arid 'for all nations, but because it proclaims the "whole counsel df God." It is the office of the church to teach,, and of the ' Bible to prove."; Church and Bible are both the. work of the Holy Ghost. In both there ,is . the .human., element, .infinite in variety, but all directed , to. tlio ono .erid.by: Hint who .came -at Pentecost.; T.heicburehiis;- Apostolic, handing, on - the -ministry as received through -'the Apostles, and she is Apostolic as carrying oh the wdrk'of evngelisiug'tho world.1: An appeal > was - madd -iti behalf of the- churoH missiori ' to tiie Chtileso df Yibtbriai -"Ndxt Sunday the Rev W. ' G.' ; Milrsh Will preaeli iti- behalf 'o'f the Bishop' df ' Melbtiurne's'' (libtil'e mission) .friitd. ' V ' t s FKESBYTESIAN CnUBCIL . The Rev Huttte ' Robertson , preached litt ) the morning frdiu'tlio words.-— " And I- will pray -'the -Father, arid He-shitll give yiiri'midilier cotiiforter'i tliat'He may -abide with-' you for ever;— 'John; ' :14tlt etiapter and lfilh verse. Tltt-Re wdfds wbtb 'fulfilled on the day of Peiite'cdst,: ; wheit' tlie''Hbly Spirit .descended from liou'ven updii tlit'dlsciples. ;T)ie Holy , Spirit is a diviiid pbr'aoh— He - ia tho. third person of the Bldssed Trinity. .'i'q.Him is assigned' equal potvor aud glory with .the Father, :nud the Son. As all our spiritual blc'saings come, ihn.ugli the mediation of the Son so the Holy Spirit was given to the church at- tlio . iuterebb- sioit of JeSus Olirist. He is callod tho coihfo'rtet, ' -for He' is the lifc and strength -of tho soul. ; HA 1 alone can give us 9pritual life and support us to resist sitt,: that we may' live righteously /u "AI| desires we have to be better Are: the' iptomptirigs. of the Holy Spirit. It is' through the1, blessing) of the Hojy Spirit that the preaching of God's word is made effectual sal validity 'Hearers may be preached at and to Sabbath after( Sab bath, but they will only get ' fk'rUipr ' from, in stead of nearer to heaven, unless they .dptiri'tHeir hearts to , the influence of tlio . blessed, .Spirit. Beware of resis'titig tliut voice ivhicli tells its of our duty to God, which urges us to obey and worship Hint. Bewaro, of grieving the Spirit by cherish ing unbeliovittg thoughts. Cry ,to God,., and ac cording to' His promise Hb will givb you HiS spiftt to lead -jtbu Into tho trutH. tb uitito you to Christ in hope, love,1 Arid tfud faith, j 