PUBLISHED EVB^RY SATURDAY MORNING. SATURDAY,,NOVEMBER 2Gth, 1892. ' Gone ito the Dogs. Hundreds of projects have been knocked topsy turvy by the depression, and the wood trade oftthis district has turned, somersault after; somersault in the general upheaval. But, unlike a number of other ventures, the wood trade lias not oracked to pieces on arriving at the bottom of. the hill thoijgh undoubtedly it presents but a battered, emaciated, and forlorn spectacle, c ;Jb was but' acomparatively short tirno ago 'that several hundred local men woi-jv kppb busily employed, cutting, carting, and caving wood for the Sydneymarket at afairly rem unorativo wage,' and this district .was on." of Uio most prosperous in the colony, .biifc llie a^tda seems to have fizzled out liko a <wo(i caudle, and things in this . direction are.at; a standstill. The demand for fuel in the metropolis has not decreased.. Sydnoy householders; have nU suddenly decided to abandon wood andJutilijso coal -altogether. , In fact every recurring month orders sfiom ( o -'be enlarged { but in each instance vii:i, 'liu fresh demand'cqmes a fall in price." Tins the: mill- owners and senders cannot afford to meet; for eaoh successive load of timber means a longer trip for the teams over roads which prove disastrous to horses, vehicles and gear. The bushmen cannot work for lees than bread and butter; the teamsters and horses must be fed ; broken harness, and injured vehicles have to be repaired; the expenditure increases but still the income sinks lower and lower, and with it the hearts of the honest woodmen, cutters, carters, senders and all. Meantime the forests are rapidly becoming depleted of their most useful timbers, all at a dead loss, just to keep some of the hands employed, which with judicous management in years to come would return a little mint of money to all. The party who is being execrated as the author of the mischief is the gay and festive middleman or auct ioneer. lib too is feeliug the pinch of the bad times, but rather than suffer the pangs himself he naturally (having the senders at hiB mercy) drops it on to the devoted shoulders of both the miller and his men, In the good time gone by the knight' of the hammer in Sydney used to make a hundred or two hundred pounds a week out of the senders in this district alone. The auctioneer has got a better system (for himself) of dispos ing of the trucks offuel sent him than putting them up for competition. Ho keeps a gang of understrappers, who, upon the arrival of the wood, annex it at a sum agreed upon by both parties. Then the auctioneer quietly deducts what he considers a fair " commis sion " and reports to the mill-owner that his lot has gone at such and such a price. Next the understrappers being keen to dispose of their purchases on the " small profit quick return 'system enter into com petition one with another, and the. prices begin to drop immediately. Thus a most pernicious system is engendered. The mill-owner must,have cash to keep the ball rolling, and the auctioneer, willy nilly,' has perforce to keep him supplied. It is differ6nt however with the understrapper, lie is generally a man of limited'means, but to push a sale ho not only has to give'liis big clients "tick" but he generates another brood of satellites who purchase from him again " on'the book " with a view to still further force the sales. It is a case ol " big fleas having, little fleas to bite 'em, iand so ad infinitum." Thus the auctioneer has to rely on three generations of " tick " with which: to pay cash, and thouglrthe profits are immense, the. system itself hampers him all the time. Then, when as now, the bad times comes and the big flea has to rely on his little brother for sustenance, lo I he speedily taps his ready money reservoir, while the smaller one again is endeavoring to extract-blood out of the stony heart;of his satellite, and the satellite in his turn is worrying his dead-beat customer to disgorge his rightful dues. Thus it is that'.though the wood has not been made any cheaper, for the customer; nor has the supplier been proportionately rewarded, a huge host of hangers-on and middlemen have fed upon the millowner, who is obliged to reduce the hamster and the cutter. So -the wood trade Tn7tliis~ QiBtriofc-lma~hfien_.r6duced to the slmdy ghost of a pallid shade, and hundreds of.strong, healthy men, '-and their families, have now no option, they must either quit or starve. These are remark ably hard lines. There is one rational way out of the difficulty, and^this the mill owners should in eelf-protection adopt at the earliest""possibl6 moment. They must amalgamate, rout the auctioneer and his satellites, and establish a market for them selves on a good solid basis. This will take time for orthodoxy (as wo have renjarked before) takes a tremendous lot of shaking, The promotors must be prepared to put up with opposition, rebuffs, and losses, may be, but they must unite, stand shoulder to shoulder, and" determine to be no longer the tools of the "auctioneers," who it is asser ted never legitimately sell a truck of wood from one' year's end to another. We are pleased to see that St. Marys has been the first to move in this, matter. Millowners on the Northern, Southern, and Western, and Ric. mond Linen 5 also the South Coast senders ? are to bo called in to discuss the matter at Granville at an early date. Let us hope some definite line of action will be decided upon. The matter is one of almost national importance. In every place where mills exist, where cutters toil, where drays are built, and horses fed, money must circulate. This district as a whole and St. Marys in particu Jar can bear testimony to the stagnation which the stoppage of the trade has caused. It must be equally apparent to them that it is to their interest to take such measures as shall restore it to activity. Oo-operation .is needed, let co-operation be given, for it is by unity oniy great projects' of this kind will succeed. , < 