V GflOSF ON A BICYCLE. iA. REAL GHOST STORY. By John J. O'Shea, Author of 'We Three: A Camp Eire Story atEkowe,' ''A Wheelman's Adventures.' \- There was a sguad of us, belated wheelmen, sue evening sitting round a comfortable fire in a comfortable inn, at an out-of-the-way place with an out- of-the-way name, containing all the letters of the alphabet and eeveral more : -' thrown' in, in North Wales. The spot was in *he hills somewhere near Pont- y-Pridd ; and ; 'though it isn't much affected by cyclists, on account of its being uphill work to get to it, it had been made for by common consent by three or four of us who were going ?? vogetner in one direction, ana tnree or : Soar more whom we met going in another, for a very good and sufficient reason. , The clerk of the weather had got into his tan \- trams. We had had a little thunderstorm bom him, and a little shower— short, sharp, and decisive; It sent sundry watercourses : . tumbling down the road in a few minutes and drenched us thoroughly. We knew this out of-the-way caravansary was somewhere about, \- and we made for it, for according to all meteorological appearances it was, for some time to come, a case of making the best of it, most decidedly. . . ' All cyclists are philosophers. Our squdti kept, up jthe reputation of the order by pro ceeding forthwith to make themselves as com fortable as the circumstances, and a judicious spirit of economy, permitted. We were all determined to have the feast of reason and the flow of soul for that particular evening, just to show the weather clerk that we were men sot to be put out of sorts by his .caprices; but we had one and all registered a vow that we would ' . not pay too rauoh for the aforesaid feast and \- How. ?;.. . . . ?. . . . ? TMp, however, by the way. ' The Tirtues which the epread of the cycle has been the means of nurturing are fair subject for a learned; treatise .in themselves ; -this writing . «oncernB: in abstract matter. Neither is it matter Jor1 present concern what our squad did, 'said, t*' thought all this particular evening. Bat it is fitting and proper to relate that when aTariety of erudite, scientific^ and humorous topics had been duly threshed out and settled . to our .mutual satisfaction, somebody suddenly ; sprung the -proposition that the cycle andthe genus of romance had nothing in common — ifaat, in fact, they, were at daggers drawn. Whoever, for instance, he queried, had heard of a ghost upon a bicycle ? - . . Nearly all the company laughed at the idea. ' Bat there was one of them who didn't. 'Don't laugh, gentlemen,' lie said qnietiy; ' ' ad least, don't iauga until you know. /Baw one!J . . :. . . *' There are more things on wheels than are dreamed of in our philosophy,1' he went on sententiously ; .' and I think* in due time, the . cycle will take its proper place in the realms of romance like its noble predecessor the horse. \- When the future poeb of the noiseless steeds dull have arisen we shall doubtless, have the counterparts of the Winged Horse of the poem and the Phooka of the legend.' l . 'Hang it, old man, don't go -on so ; we'll : have to. call for the Welsh substitute for Irish . 'whisky punch if yon do,' cried one of the «om- - pany. 'I move you give us the yarn as an ?Iterative before we try the other evils.' The other, rousing himself from a sort of reverie, threw himself back in his chair, and .diving 'his .hands - deep into his trousers' pock«tp,'iegan : — ' Well, the thing happened in .this .way.' To : begin at the beginning, ? Dick Knaggs and myself were running neck-and-neck for a dear little girl whom I shall call Sophie Byles. \- 'Sophie was a tormenting little witch. She flirted with both of us in a thsroughlv im partial way; and if either of ns attempted any ^of those foolish remonstrances that fellows desperately in love will sometimes venture on in suih, provoking circumstances, Ehe would only toss her' dainty little head, and, elevating 'her slightly retroussd nose, shrug her shoulders disdainfully, and say, ' Please don't speak to ime any' moire, Tom'— or Dick, as the case mipbtbe. 'Now, Dick and I, strange to say, were the best of friends, although we were the best of rivals. We had been chums for several years', lodging in the same 'digs,9 and getting on together capitally. ... 'When we discovered that we were both hopelessly gone over Sophie we had a long , talk over the matter, and the upshot of it was ' that we shook hands over a fair agreement to go in for her, each of us, fairly and squarely, ? jmd let the best man 'win, neither taking any mean advantage of the other. ' Things went on very aicely tinder this working arrangement for about six months. I TOlten met Dick riding back after visiting Sophie at her suburban cottage near Stepaside, and he as often met me, but no oftener, for it ?was in the bond that such visits should be . -exactly equal in number. ? ? '? 'Wer.always laughed good-humoredly at each other when we met thus, chaffed each Other about our prospects of success, and went off and had a drink ; so you see we were honor able chums. 'For a' couple of months we led this sort of life, and nothing could possibly be more satis factory to either Dick or me— unless either of us would lake himself for ever to Jericho, out of the other's way. But as this was a very demote contingency indeed, we accepted the situation in a spirit of beatific cheerfulness, :and made the best we could of it. . ' . 'Sophie 'had only one relative living-4?ut that wasquite a sufficient number. It washer father— and Ae was a terror. ' He was a gentle- ' -nian of^nnblemished reputation and 'frugal lubita. - His native land was Scotland, and his *avprite,tjererage denlivat. This, however, -was a matter that had no concern for either : 3Diok crime, for the old gentleman always pre ferred Ilis own company to any other when the . Gleulivat was to be discussed. \ ? 'Amongst the virtues Mr. Byles rejoiced in, ?? and they; were' tool numerous tolparticularise, ! Jwas that of rigid^nonesty, - He had never ig[ot into debt to the extent of a penny in his -life, heosedto Iwast, 'and he detested peoole : - who did. Bat, inasmuch as he : had made his ': money by the weaknesses of human nature in ;that respect— for he was a money-lender— we admired his theoretical rigidity rather than its limited application. ?-''. 'No Spartan could be more unbending than old Byles. Once .he made tip his -mind to a . -certain course, that course he would pursue if an archangel came down specially to turn him aside. - Bis never altered his mind, he used to Taunt, and he never broke his word. When I add that hiB .face was 88 hard as a tombstone, and usually jnst as cheerful, I. ehallhave con veyed, I think, -some notion of the personal merits and attractions of Sophie's parent: 'The old man seemed to have an impartial sort of negative liking for both Dick and me. He didn't object to our paying our addresses to Ids daughter, bat seemed to be trying, likeonr ,«elves, to find oat whioh of us she liked best— perhaps with equal ungoooew. At any rate, 1 ^ ...,;.- , he always met ns civilly, and chatted to us in his own dry Caledonian way, on such interest ing topics as the weather- and the crops; the' stock and share markets, and the like. 'Dick and myself were then in the enjoy ment' of a modest income each — quite enough for- him, for he 'was not of an extravagant turn ; but hardly enough for me, for my tastes were moreloxurious. ' However, financial matters were not in Dick's case any more than my own, ever thought of for a moment in connection with our mutually dear Sophie. We would have . taken her without a penny—but we knew Very well she wouldn't come so whenever she made up her mind. 'One evening I met Dick riding back from Stepaside after one of the regulation visits, as I was going out to take his place. He jumped down off his bicycle, and came over to me in a state of great perturbation. ' ?TonV'said he, Tm in great trouble, old fellow. I have to go away for a fortnight). There's a maiden aunt of mine very ill, over in Homburg, and ehe wants to see me. I'm to be her heir, you see, and I. can't possibly refuse.' ''I don't see why you should, my boy,' I replied;. * neither dol perceive why you should be so dreadfully agitated. You're a lucky dog, so youare— coming in for a fortune.3 '* ' Don't see it,3 he cried, opening his eyes in astonishment. 'What is Sophie to do in my absence?' ' ' * Don't trouble your head about that,' I answered. ' She'll get along jost as usual, Fm sure.' - ' 'But you !— sou won't surely take any ad vantage of my absence, Tom SHI had your promise on that I'd feel quite relieved.' ' ' Well, that's rather hard, Dick/Ireturaed. 'I don't see why my arrangements should be affected by jour maiden aunt's proceedings. The old lady is not going to make me her heir? . -.-,-. ''But don't yousee, Tom, that my absence would be giving you an unfair advantage? You're top honorable a fellow, I know, to avail yourself of it.3 ; , ' 'Look here, Dick,9 I said at length, after he had gone on in this strain for a' while, * M go this far to oblige you : I'll not come out here again for a fortnight. If you're back by that time, well and good. If you're not, the bargain is at an end/ V ' Do yon give me your word on that, Tom ?. he asked, brightening up wonderfully. '*I -io,' I returned | you may haunt me when you die if I break id. Now be off.' - ' We shook hands and parted, and when I saw our beloved Sophie I informed her of the arrangement agreed upon. She eaidshe didn't mind, as she was going on a visit to a friend in Wicklow for a week. But I thought she was eecretiy rvexed all the same. . 'I was discussing breakfasb one morning about a week afterwards, glancing over the newspaper now and then as I feasted, when ' suddenly my eye caught the. heading—' Fatal' Accident to a Dublin' Gentleman.3 'I immediately looked at the item, and to . my horror found that it related to my unhappy friend Dick. He had jumped out of a' railway ' carriage while the train was in motion, got jammed between it and the platform, and was 'The news upset me a good deal, although I could not help feeling that it cleared the ground for ine in one important direction. Still, I was very much attached to ' poor ' Dick, and I couldn't bring myself to visit Sophie for a couple of dlays after I heard the sad tidings in order to break them to her. ' 41 The year was getting fast into the sere and yellow leaf; brown October bad brought its short days and its (sometimes) lovely moonlit nights ; and it was on one of these— a glorious ' one it was— that I started off, with an equally balanced admixture of grief and hopeful elation at my heart, for the.bower ot.my Sophie — my. own Sophie, as I fondly hoped soon to call her now— to unfold my gruesome tale.. A delicious mist hung over meadow and grove, giving (he whole scene a weird and silvery glamor that made me at times imagine that ~ it wasa'fairy scene floating in some enchanted region that lay before me, instead of a real substantial portion of dear old county Dublin. ' I had got about half-way towards my destination when it struck me that I ought to strike a match and have a quiet puff ? of the soothing weed, as - nothing could be more in keeping with the. peaceful quiet of the scene. - No sooner thought of than done ; and I was in the act of remounting, with pipe aglow, when my eye caught sight of another rider coming in the. same direction, but at a considerable distance' behind. ' ' '' ' ' 'This circumstance caused me no emotion in particular, and I forgot all about it 'as I sped on afresh. I slackened my pace to spin; out the distance until I had finished my pipe, and was drawing on' easily towards' Stepaside, when some instinct or other made' me glance 'The other trayeller had gained. upon me with amazing celerity. He was -'now not -more than forty or fifty yards behind. . ' .''......' 'What a wonderful resemblance he bore at that distance to my dead friend, Dick! His' garments looked white in the ghostly inoon- ' light. Dick when riding all last summer had \- worn a suit of white flannel, as the stranger's eeeined to be. And it seemed to me as' I paused thunder-Btricken and trembling, fora moment in my ride, that his form was exactly that of iny. dead friend ! ' ? 'I was never superstitious, yet now for an instant a feeling of awe came over me, but as I wobbled to the ground off my machine under its influence, I began to curse myself -vigorously ? for a womanish fool, and jumping np with the celerity of fully recovered spirits I set my steel sbsed off with a lively start, and began to race away from the awesome stranger. ' ' 'I went at a spanking pace for some time, but I could not help turning my head again backwards soon to note how far I bad left him ' behind.' ' Horror of horrors ! he was gaining on me still. . 'Me was only a few yards behind. I could not distinguish his face, but the figure and the way in whish he sat the machine were the same as Dick's.' 'Again I spurted madly. Great beads of cold sweat burst out upon my temples, and an icy feeling crept through ' my frame, even to the marrow of my bones, despite the heat into which the exercise had thrown me. My terror - lent me strength. ]j must get away from this horrible phantom, even though my heart should snap in the effort. I tore along the road now like a maniac 'I was juBt turning the corner of the rustic lane which led up to Sophie's bower when my machine came plump against a form engaged in doing the same from the lane side of the angle. The consequences were disastrous to both travellers. - 'Machine and myself threw a double somer sault over the body of the pedestrian.- When we both regained our feet I thought I should torn into stone when I encountered the ' 'Gorgon-like eye of my intended father-in-law 1 ' ' ? 'it mon,' he shouted, as soon as he recognised me and found his voioe, ' what the deil are ye glowering at me for, instead of apologising for nearly killing me! One would thinkyehadseenaghaist!' - ' 'I have seen a ghost, sore enough, bit,' I answered with trembling lips—' the ghost of my poor dead Mend, Dick ? and see, there it comes!' . 'The white figure had arrived at the corner of the lane, full in the ghastly glare of the dazzling moonlight. -It dismounted and advanced towards where we stood. \- '1 held lip both my hands to shut out. -the fearsome thing.' . ' ^ ' ' Don't come nearme,' I cried, in an agony of desperation, 'until you tell me whether you are a man or the ghost of my dead friend, Diok!' 'The thing laughed; it was a horribly, human langh. ''No ghost, sir,9 it replied, as its coarse chuckle ceased, 'but a messenger from a man who has ghosted yon long enough in vain for this little, bill of seven pounds ten for clothes —Mr. 'Tippet; 'the tailor, of Graf ton-street. Here 'tis for you, sir, now ; and if yon don't pay it by twelve o'clock to-morrow, I'm in structed to invite you to an interview with the recorder, at Green-street Courthouse.' ^3^ ' 'This was my romance of the 'wheel. It shattered my day dream and lost me my Sophie. Old Byles turned on me with all the scorn of an enraged money lender who never owed a man a penny, and bade me never again show my face at the cottage. . ' 'The fickle Sophieratified this decision, and shortly afterwards married a wealthy pawn broker who had a couple of months before laid ? his third spouse under the' sod in Glasrievin; and I am left here alone -with my faithful bicycle !» ' ' ' ~: ^ ? ? 