poiNTs;""" " ' ' A learned judge in Englnndhaa ruled that " more abuso, ,howover . vulgar and: repre hensible, is ' neither libellous nor slanderous in law.'(—:/ - : : Tins Is exactly tlio view takon. of sburriloiis abuse by somo labour orators whom wo wot of. Tbenwitii avowe liimsolfto bo an apostlo of discontent." Tho worst of sophists toll the truth sometimes. : Don't save openny by ro-using a defaced recoipt stamp. Tno penally is £60. ' Some' folk say. tlioBIaokall Ranges nro not all black, for there is somo yellow metal thoro. "What a godsond woro it if a brilliant gold- , field should broak out so near to the languish ing metropolis. . Against land spooulators some building speculators havo got ranconr on the brain; . Faomucs in the Maclcay distriot want white milk from the State cow or blaok labour from Polynesia. \- Blowitz says tho Russians wnnt more money. Blow it; "who doesn't f In a crowd some follows ore a noisy nuisance by their wide-mouthod bawling. . , . At Berlin thoy havo shut up a man for keep ing his mouth shut when his boto soil-was passing by. 1 .... Worst of all, tho sullenly silent man was a socialist, and thoy havo sent him to the solitude of d gaol. . Do thoy think a doso of inclusion a , pure for socialism P But what about the social con tamination of gaol company? It is continuing to bo tho fashion for retiring Australian Premiers to dopnrt for London with a commission to not as Agont- General. Two peculiar lubour difficulties nro chronicled in New South Wales. At Broken Hill, whero tho population are enduring a water famiuo, a dispute has arisen between, union and non-union oarriors. Wooed a thirsty man refuse for himself or deny to Iiis family wator carried by a unionist ? Iv so, cortain Broken Hill martyrs will bo tho next candidates far canonisation. At Newcastle, whero proprietors hnvo lowered tho soiling price of coal to cnablo them to compote with non-associated mines, tho minors havo struok and so shut up a number, of pits. The non-associated proprietors will not dio of broken hearts, for a reason that may in time dawn upon tho strikors. Mn. Hodokinson is of opinion that when certain men becomo Government functionaries, even in an unimportant degree, they suddenly become helpless. The result frequently is, that if, for instance, tho building in which their duties nro per formed is attuoked by whito nnts, thoy,' instead of taking steps to oloar the inseots away, write to tho dopurtmont. The Minister for Education's remedy is a mouth or two of bush life in its truo Benso. The cabstand at tho corner of Mary and Edward streets, opposite the Metropolitan Hotel, is to be closed in futuro from 6 p.m. to G a.m. Judging from tho statements made at the meeting of tho Traffic Board yesterday this action is warranted. It would appear that at night time tho drivers do all the tliiugB they ought not to do, unless when tho sentry gives warning of tho approach of a policeman. Mb. Tbenwith in classifying us as a popula tion of carriers was mora gonerous tlinn a follow- Victorian who spoke of Brisbano as boing- desorted by all but tho ghosts of dobt- collectors. English Quaker delegates, having spied out tho land, roport on tho Russian famine as call ing fur immediate aid. Conbidebadle sums havo already been for warded to swell tlio purses of corrupt adminis trators. The Grand Duke, following tho oxamplo of tho good pnslia of tradition, wont out disguised as a driver, to see tho actual stato of affairs.. He was tho reeipiont of a fair sample of tho treatment meted out to tlio lower olusses in Holy Russia, and was presumably satisfied from one' standpoint at least. ' "Apahadox, a paradox, a most ingenious' paradox." Theue was awl thero was not an aohing void at tho meeting of tho Traffic Board yesterday. Read mo this riddle, says tho Doctor, under standing, liowovor, that no roplies implicating an M.L.A., tho Vulloy, or walking phonographs will ho accepted. The prise for a successful answer will ho a guaranteed forecast as to tlio succeeding ohair- iiiau of tho hoard and tho next occupant of the city mayoral cluiir. Miss Jennie Lee mortally offonded ono of her auditors wliilo singing " Wink Your Other Eyo" at tho Opera Huuso tho other night. He was a ono-eyed manfiom the country, und ho demanded n refund of his shilling, saying ha did not attend the puntomime to be insulted. That firo nib Tirana burued £70, 000 worth of property, and probably tho wholo of it could havo been puved by precaution. It is another ooso of sending tho hat round for thoso who havo lost by thoir own improvi dence. The share market. Ah, thoBO who think it is all up with it, nro mistaken. You may buy into almost anything. The Nihilist Sopliio. Gunsherg, who was recently privately executed in a Russian prison, was said to bo beautiful, and to possess a fas cination few people could resist. Her fine face ruined hor. There will ho plenty of money forthcoming to muintain tho Newcastle strikers. But at this rato thero will bo no monoy left to fight in tlio coming struggle for coming rost. Mb. Oabhutheus says that ho is not going to follow Barkes. It lias always been understood that Parkes was led by his Into colleagues. Ir you oneo saw the Pino you would never think that thero is any joy in that placo. But thoro is ; tho peoplo there are just as fond of a bit of an outing as your Queen street man. Instead of doing muoli mora praying at Broken Hill for rain, they aro going to try rain making. Should thoy succeed, thoy will not pray Providence any more ; and furthor, thoy will have nothing.to thank Him for. This will afford -a ouriouB problem. How muoli religion will there liau been in the people's prayors? - . . Theue will bo no holding Australia if she goes on licking tho Englishmen as she has boon doing lately. Now that Mr. Wragge lias come back it is to bo hoped that bis more experienced hand will he ublo. to work the rain-lover gontly so tlint wo will not have nny more disastrous thunder storms. Pbodaeby no oompany in tho world 'has figured more in tlio courts of Australia than the Pioturesque Atlas Company. As thoy havo always been plaintiffs, liow- cvor, and have won nonriy every ease, thoy do not find luw tho expensive thing that moot people do.. It is mid that' tho Chief Secretary was much otrnok by what ho saw. in Now Guinea. It was fully expeotod that tho Administrator would accompany tho Promior with d force suffioicnt to protect him against tho savages. : Now that tlio holidays are over the next ex citement willhe tho municipal elections. Foe tlio olty eleotions thero will probably bo a good deiU of excitement. . . ' WILLIAM TnonNE is Bpoken of qs nn oppfc. nent to' AVillnrd, tho retu-ing Kangaroo Point nldorman, while' both' Hipwood und M'Kinnon are threatened with opposition. . f'Ais .-'"ox- Alderman - Phillips said nt tho last eleotion that he would oome out agnin- at tlio first opportunity, Galloway will probably havo to fight, for his return. 