THE LOW-CUT DRESS. Modesty and morality are largely matters of conventionality. It lias long been a question fiercely and often vituperatively debated, as to how much or how little of a woman's figure it is proper for lier to show."Witli his usual readiness to say "Thus . far shalt thou go, and no further, "man has attempted to define what a woman may or may not wear, with somewhat incongruous results when the customs of different lands are taken into ac count. The Turk ties the woman of his harem up in:so many bags; the occidental lord of crcation prefers to see his womenldnd dressedto repre sent so many animated tassles, and the most Christian court in Christen dom has long since decreod that the low-cut corsage is the only proper covering, nay the un-covering for the maids, wives and widows of the nation, for State oc casions. As to the style, fashion, amount and degree of the decollete corsage, opinions differ: Elizabeth Stuart Phelps "Ward, whose early spiritual vision of the Gates Ajar, broadened into the . warmer hued scenes of the Master of the , Magicians, . shocked . , her self and then her friends and the public in general by her denuncia tions of the erotic tendency of the low-cut bodice. It is barelypossible that some of the gowns are cut lower " than a monk might deem were good for the soul" of the beholder ; but with that side of the question I shall not concern myself. That may be left for monks and men to decide. But with the rcstlietic, the purely artistic view of the case, it is impera tive for every woman to have an in telligent and decided opinion. ""What do I think of low-cut gowns ?" said a sweet young girl smiling at me as she repeated the question ; " why, I think they're -perfectly lovely. * I'll be perfectly frank with you, and admit that I know I have a pretty neck and a rounded throat. I know"that I look well decollete, and as I have been taught to enjoy and court admiration. I wear myT's back and front when ever I have a ghost of a chance. My neck and shoulders have been ad mired, and I can't see that it is wrong for me to show tliem. Talk about the immodesty of a decollete dress! Bathing costumes, not: ball dresses, are what should be criti cised," and the sweot girl drew up her queenly head, and the soft, full curves of lier grace ful throat, and the regal lines of her head and neck lookedmoretemptingly beautiful than ever. George Elliott drew a part true to nature when she mado Grandcourt suddenly bend over and kiss Gwendolen, his betrothed, on. the neck just below and behind the ear. I have seen women redeemed from the stamp of vulgarity of a deadly commonplaceness, by a Y corsage. It adds height and dignity to a short, fat woman, and takes from the otherwise helpless roundness of a full face. I have seen the grace of a dowager duchess conferred upon a woman of the people by a dress that decollete. But where shall the line be drawn ? How unfortunate that those who. should^ know are not taken aside and . the informa tion gently broken to them that the low cut corsage is not for tliem! If they should ask wliv, let them read Harriet Martineau's description of the coronation of Queen Victoria, and if the lecture she draws of the gaunt, scraggy, bony old creatures of which the inviili-hle court custom had made decollete guys, do not impress them with a sense of their own unfit ness for " full dress," then nothing will. Who should wear a low cut gown ? Only those who are young, fresh, fair. or finely formed, clear - skinned, and " perfectly healthy. Some contend that a low cut waist is the shortest cut to an early grave, but that will not be - ac cepted as absolutely true. The ap propriateness of a decollete toilet de pends not so much upon age as upon appearance. I have seen old women of sixty look like sleek, well-fed, well groomed Maltese cats, in their bare necks and . shoulders. But when ilesli ceases to look like flesh-when it looks like meat and suggests the butcher's scales, by all means let it be covered ui>. "What can be more 10 pugnaut to good taste, more repulsive to the eye than a vast ex panse of avoirdupois, a- mountain ous bulge of fat between the shoulder doing violence to the curve of the spine, known as the fat women's neck, arms that look like hams, a skin that is either blotched or black-patched, necks in which the cords and muscles stand out with painful distinctness, bony breasts, on which one might beat a resonant tattoo with real drum sticks, or an integument that looks like leather, and coarse, second rate quality at that-these should never woar a low cut dress, and. these are the very ones who revel in tho op portunity. The gracious offices of soft lace or line illusion which would tenderly liido nature's dofectsor time's ravages-these they despise and will have none of tliem. They eschew the graceful Y, and adopt the boldest of square necks or heart-shaped cor sages. They paint, and plaster up their wrinkles, they gather in tho slack of their wobbly necks, and hold it in position by a broad velvet band, they seem to tliink that a bold front will make up for a lack of charms. Poor, deluded old creatures, sonic good fairy should drop a hooded cape over them and'snuff them out of ex isteiico. -BR DI YEKXOJT. The new ministry, is composed, suvs JVTr Labouohere, mainly of " sucking patricians." There aits at all events, quite a ? number of Imnllords. Lord ltosebory's rent-roll is 10.0,000 dollars' a year; Lord Sponcer : claims 230,000 dols. a year from tlie- land wlueli Mr Asquitli and liis brother Fabians desire to be moire or less nationalised ; Lord . Kipdn's rental is 244,000 dais.; I^ord Kimberley's, 125.000 .dols. ; vMr A. Aclaud is heir to 190,000 dols. a year from land ; Lord Houghton. ha& 55,000 dols., Lord Carrington 200,000 dols., Lord Yeraoji 120,OOlidols.,Lord Chester field 30,000 dols., Sir U. ICay-Shuttle worth. 23,000. dols., Lord Ribblcsdule 35,000 .dols. . The .administration lias also plenty of rich-'men-namely, Sir George Trcyclyan, Mr Campbell liau uermaii. Mr Mundella, Mr A. Morley, Mr Seale-Hayn e,3Iv 13 uxto ti, j\tr Muj ovibiyut&j; etc. .- : Several suspensions liave takcu place iu the Belfast linen trade, largely as the result of the H'Kmley tariff. ' ' 