THE DO)TORS SHOOK THEIRI "I 0would give a million dollars for ii stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now,'a million dollars (L200,000) is-a deal .of money, but he. was not' able :to buy the article even at that price. ; , , Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby,.isnnot so rich' a many, being a gardener; but he was ready enough to give all he had for.one.thing lhe hadn't got. Here is his story, and he sshall tell it in his own iway. Mr Gaskingos on to say: "Up to eiglht years ago I'never'hIad lost an hours'.'work 'through sickness. In December, 1882; whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away; I had dreadful- pains after eating, a bad taste in my tnouth, which would fill with 'water and slime,. the latter so thick':ind sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to 'fill: p'u.and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirtat the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green: .phlegm.-. I had a racking cough, and.would cough and Ati-ain till I bled at the nose, and the blood inshed out of. my ears. I became exhausted 'and short of breath and had, to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six. weeks.. . S"I' then 'went as 'oiti- tieit' to- the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months'was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me.?,For eighteen months I kept getting better, then w6rse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I camne to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshiire Infirm?ary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first: one said, ! You: are in a galloping,consump tion, and mnst'die;'the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads.. ' ', "Getting a trifle better my old master, allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things' went on lik?b this till December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting usp phlegmp, sometimes as much as a teacup ful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my etes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown- leather, and I could keep nothing doin. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time,. but was so weak I had to take Mold of the furi?iture'to move a fewyards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands-nothinkg but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play' quite upset me. * "The :doctor kept on atte?iding me, but he said ' I can do you no good; I can only patch you up, .because your lungs are dis eased. I then garve over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that fc6st?-2s. a bottle. But nothing did' any good, and my friends who came to see ume said, ' Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another r world! "'About the.-miklle of ,Marcbh,.1880, a neighbournamnm.Joseph Tathan,?hlowbrks in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, saidl to ue, ' Tom, did you ever try Motlher Seigel's Syrup and told me how he had been cured after being in, the hospital. He. spoke 'so Y mnch in praise of this medicinel sent my o wife to Derby.and got a bottle at Mr Smith's g' Stores in Victoria street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and t vomited.. Then 1 fell asleep and felt rested 1 when I awoke. 'Aftei taking the medichie for three days my breathing got easier, my r food kept dlown, and in a few days nmore I hwas able to.go out for a short walk. By tile e iend of a fortniglit I went to see my hmaster, d who asked what had- wrought the improve. ie sent; lmdI told him, , o-'Ltl,'-evey-one, t hm{t Motbia Selgel's Sjpp haftil, maye my Ie. '"'t coimmenced worn'at once, and"'tave never lost a day's work since. s "Of course.my ite.gth did not return all n 'at once; hut after.taking Selgel'e--.-ruP foi s x months I was strong as ever in my life a and have continuedso ever since..'. In giving his consent to the publication oh Stlhis remarlkable statement, Mr Gaskin re. quests us to refer all. doubters to him or, tc lr Keety Heau rdener,. Parley Abbey, ' who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. g Mr Gaskin has lived at ?~rley Abbey: 2 1 years a?mdhears ,a eVxeUest reputation. , Now what was the complaint ,from which h -.suffereld , Not gallog consumption, e rs tainly (as one of the doctors thought), oi le would have galloped into his gravein les than three months.,msteadl of growing worse for seven ye?rs, IHis complaint was chroni 9 inflammatory lyspepsia (or ohronlo gastric catarrh), which has lunf symptoms like con he suinption, for which it ms so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When thi ir right remedy, Mother Seigel's SyTup, was used the diru-mb yielded;. aall diseases of ye thq digestive tryqit' Io yield 'to that magnifi "' B6nt PBaeirtldn,- " IVtihef '.? coayntnta? r : asiit on hie~-i revery,- and 0 anac i the facts of sem to all tihinklng pedopl' The other day the.South.Eaat?rm- Rail *9 way Companjy Were asked no less a sum that Ll,20,000 or a mall anmd.p{attifay us heis piece of ground In' rm6n ey.' T as claim is at the rate of L13,i000O,o00 an acre SThe comrany,it is scarcely ecesasryo -oadd ten did not closeatthe sum stted. R led In the ecase o a wme who killed himse nel recently, an English jury rendered a venlrdic ono .tlh i'., t deeased.,' ommitt auilelI. iii the imtlgatiorsof thed4eil," - - 