Ahneedotes of the Generali [by ramrod.] . ■ One. day, when Jackson called m to see jack; Headlam the' latter said: “ Gerie'rarrhave shot a very fine; wild turkey, so yon must come to dine with ns on Sunday.’ The General being very partial to that bird hopped out to the kitchen to give strict injunctions to the 300k to ’“do him brown'.”' 'Tradition, ioes not say that the worthy General iid go to dine on that.occasion. Before he moved into his small house a Mr Slodden with some others were partaking af his hospitality. There was a swarm af half-grown fowls about, a pack of which came marching in doors. Slodden beguiled them with small chunks of damper thrown under the table. As the chance favored him he slyly wrung one of their necks and slippled the capture into the capacious pocket of his shooting coat. One of the birds in giving up the ghost made a-demonstration, whereupon the General, “cocked his eye” as he expressed it. Slodden-'got clear off with his illgotteh "booty.: The late Martin Batey was a frequent .visitor at Jacksons, often spending the day .with him riding over the run. Batey enter tained a very favorable opinion of the General whom he said was a really kindly dispositioned man at heart in spite of his dissolute habits. He appeared to be greatly.attached to, his old servants, and they to.him. While we were shearing he came to our place “pretty well to live” as Brodie used to put it. After supper he said- curtly ‘ is old Bill Whictell here.’ Wbittell was' a prime favourite with Jackson, so when he , was ijri.tormed:ihc. was,to. he fpund .in the kitchen he said “ I’ll go";out toeee him.”- It was then “ Bill ybti oid;beast how are you.” . The General by way of a frolic tried to tumble Whittell off his seat, a proceeding that “ the old beast ” bore.with the; greatest equanimity, but looked rather ashamed of his old master indulging in.such rude horesplay before strangers. Jackson was in the habit of relating wqen. he firstiook up -the -station his horse staj'ed and'in1 Searching for- the animal he suddenly stumble into. a large black fellows camp. He had heard'wlien the aboriginals, killed a white man they muti lated him in a horrible manner. Being unarmed he. was dreadfully scared, but having heard that an authoritive tone ] would overawe these, people he put on al deal of bounce. He waved the bridle about furiously spoke loudly and tried to make them to look out for the horse. He did not feel comfortable till he got clear of the camp. “Batey used to tell .him that he had seen a stream,, of kan garoos in the Westeoh District seven miles wide and thirty miles long. This statement, if it does look like drawing the long bow, is true because in 1845 in the vicinity of Warmambool these marsupials were about m perfect droves. Ever after this il any one told the General an incredible yarn, it drew the response “ Humah,' Just like old Batey with his thirty miles of kangaroos.” What I remember of Jackson he was a gentlenanly fellow in appearance and j affected more style in dress than the ordinary run of squatters, who went about in blue shirts. Amongst his awn fraternity - although abrupt and bump tuous there was a rough condescending courtesy about the man. It was when under the influence of drink that he put’ ou;s consequential demeanour towards those he considered his inferiors. • Set ting aside his dissolute habits,- Mr Wil liam Jackson .as a friend, neighbour, and an employer was an excellent .man, and: honest enough to admit the ’faults that -were Beyond his. power of self-control. With his. brother. Samuel - he.- was interested in the Sandford station a good run out Portland way , - - Clarke’s special survey absorbed the major portion of Kurrakurracup,.while, to., use..a; divine expression the grass rightperished’’ the rest of it. With' Sandford to the good the brothers did hot bother about' the homestead section and sold the Sunbury sheep to Clarke. Between the two places .Jackson ■ was able to retire upon a comfortable little competency and sailed for London' -sometime in' 1851. Prior to his departure he went round the country to bid his brother.,pioneers, and old friends .farewell. . Settling down in or-about'London, we heard that he married a widow lady, probably a sweet heart of his younger days. Stranger still, that he had become tho very-anti thesis of what he was when he saw blue devils in trees en route. from Jack Headlams; ? • In short, as a steady ex-., emplory man, to use his own diction he became a “ Nipping dodge.” He died, I believe before 1860, The information -was doubtless derived from - George Sinclair Brodie who always hunted up i j old Australians when ho visited . Eng ; i . ['r-‘is si-'i.]. 