SOCIAL DOINGS. It is expected that all marriages noticed in, this column will boannuunced in tho usual domestic advertisements. , Unformatlon cnnnprninir nnnlril nvsnts. vtfcitsto or from other countries, notes about drosses, all of which will bo regarded as strictly confidential, should bo sent to the " Social Editor" on or beforo ' Friday mornintr in enohwcok.l The second vicoregal ball (It to Z) will bo givon at Government House on Wednesday next. A full report of tho A to J hall appeared' in yesterdays Telegraph. The Bishop of Brisbane returned to town on Tuesday last. He left again this morning for Gympio and Bundaberg. Dr. Webber will be absent until August 2. The noxt Private. ARsemhly ball will take placo in Exhibition week, on August 10. The third South Brisbano private assembly will bo held in Boggo road hull on Friday even ing next, 29th instant. Mrs. John Donaldson had a vorv enjoyable luncheon party at Knowsloy on Wednesday. Among those present were Mrs. G. V. Hollioar, Mrs. Cunliffe, Hiss Pitts, and others. Mr. Finney gave a very enjoyable dinnor party at Sidnoy House on "Wednesday evening. Among the guests wero Sir Charles and Lady Lilloy, Miss Lilley, Mr. and Mrs. Harold Lilioy, Mrs. Buchanan, Mrs. George Harris, and the Misses Palmer, T. Abbott, and M'Gregor, After dinnor a number of ladies and gentlemen arrived to spend the evoning, when the Irish piper, Mr. John Coughlan, gavo . 4 very pleasing performance on the Irish pipes. lbs. D. T. Seymour's afternoon "At homo" at Glon Rosa on Tuesday wus very enjoyablo. Among the' guests, numbering about 00, were'; The Hisses - Norman and tbo Hon. Gerard Wallop, Lady Griffith, Mrs. G. R. Harding, and tho Misses Harding, Mrs. John Stevenson und Miss Stevenson, Mrs. John Donaldson, Mrs. Palmer (Melbourne), Mrs. Gilbert Wilson, Mrs. P. S. Canliffo, Mrs. Woolnougb, Captain and Mrs. Sandemair, tnd Mrs. W. H. Barker. On Saturday afternoon last Mrs. D. G. Stuart entertained a select number of friends at a pionic on board the Aquarium Company's steamer , Woolwich. The steamer proceeded with the 'guests to tho' Seventeenmilo Rocks. Lady Norman, the MiBses Norman, and be tween 70 and 80 ladies and gentlemen made up the. party. A good band was on board. Tho trip was thoroughly enjoyed by all present. A capital dance was given on Friday night Week, tho 15th instant, by some of the Ipswich bachelors, assisted by ono or two benedicts, and was a deoided sucoess. Among those present were Mr. and Mrs. H'Gill, Mr. and Mrs. Oraig, Mrs. Dr. Geoghegan, Misses Hunt, Watson, Bostoek, Johnson, Brown, and many others, inoluding Miss Burns, from Brisbano ; Messrs. O'Sullivan, Farquah, Little, Johnson, Pago, Barlano, Brown, and Hunt, from Sydney.- The extra waltzes played by Miss Burns wero very muoh admired. Mr. Gilbert Primrose gave a very pleasant water pionio last Saturday afternoon. Among the guests wero a party from Government House. Mrs. Herbert Perry gave a very enjoyable dance at Miegungah on Tuesday evening. The guests, who numbered' about 60, inoluaed the ' Mesdaraes Barber, E. Markwell, G. Perry, C. Chambers, and Bennett, MisseB Griffith, Tally, Msud Griffith, Mota Stanley, Perry (3), Brown, Honriqnes, Mabel Oowlishaw, Jones, Stacoy, Carpendale (Toowoomba), nnd Owens, Messrs. Musson, Tully, Stanley, Rideway, Markwell, Mathieson, Palmer, Perry, Stacoy, Bennett, and Dr. Griffin. Hon. Horace Tozer paid a flying visit to Gympie to open a bazaar on Thursday, jcoturning to Brisbane on Friday at mid-day. , Miss Roseby, of Marriokville, Sydney, is in. Brisbane on a visit to her aunt, Mrs. Newsham, Thorroldtown. Mr. Joseph Syme, who wisely sold ont of the Age for a very big sum before the big orash in Melbourne, was iu Brisbanethis week. He been been touring in the north, and left for the south to-day. . Mr. William Baynes returned to Brisbano from Batavia by the R.M.S. India this week. ' Mr. Leigh S. Lynch, a special commissioner : .for the World's Columbian Exposition, arrived from Batavia in the India. Ho stayed at' tho Gresham Hotel while in Brisbane; and left for Sydney in the Wodonga to-day. Miss Wright, sister of Mr. A. R. L. Wright, arrived from Holland last Thursday on a pro longed visit. The marriage of Mr. J. Ghas. Wilde, collec tor for the Brisbane Museum, to Miss Jessio Marshall, late of Dundee, Scotland, is to toko placo on Wednesday next, tho ,27th. The marriogo of Mr. Alfred Gross, of the . firm of A. Gross and Co., with Miss Lily Levison, fifth daughter of Mr.- H. Levison, of Osmunde, St. Kilaa, Victoria, , took place on July 6, the ooremony being performed at Osmundo by the Rev. E. Blanbaum. Tho brido, who was given away by her father, -wore a gown of white duchosso satin, with longtullo veil and wreath of orange blossom. Two pretty little maidens, the' Misses Alice Levi, and Muriel Susman,_ oarrying baskets of flowers, preceded tho bride, and alio was attended by 'her .two sisters as "bridesmaids, wearing cos tumes of white crepon with greon silk sashos. Mrs. Armour gave a smart little dance ather residence, New Form, on Wednesday evening. Hiss Lily Hdnnossy, who has been on a visit to Mrs. Keogh, Wooloowin, returned to Too woomba to-day. She was accompanied by Miss Keogh. The Pharmaceutical Society's ball io fixed for August 11,'iri the Centennial Hall.- The Queonsland football toam were enter tained -in Newcastle, New South Wales, on Wednesday night last," by Mr. Walter Bentloy, at the -Viotoria Theatre. The hospitality of the Mayor of South Bris bane in connection with tlio inauguration of tho now municipal chambers, in not to pass unrecog nised. - A number of gentiomou have formed themselves into a committee, with Mr. J. B. Nicholson, the well-known aroliiteot, ns secre tary. Aitor carefully considering the matter . they decided that the "return" should take the form of a ball to bo held on August 12. The pricesifor tiakots were fixed at Indies' 10s. 6d., gentlemen's 16s., and double tioket 21s. Full particulars will bo announced in duo bourse, A lawn tennis tournamont is fixed to- begin on August' 0. Several players ore expected from the southern colonics, nnd somo. from northern towns. An unusually important gathering in connection with this fasmonablo game may bo expected. Miss Jennie Atkinson may bo expected to arrive from London, whero sho has attained considerable success in bcr musical studies, early noxt month. Mrs. Charles Bradloy, who has been, staying .at tbo Gresham Hotel, loft Brisbano this morn ing in tho Wodonga. Sho will accompany hor husband on tho Foli tour through New Zealand. Mr. Bradloy leaves on Tuosday. Miss Raff will return from lior visit to Mrs. Gostling, at Gin Gin, next week, and on her return Miss Lizzio Rail goos to Sydney on a \- visit to Mrs. Leo. Tho Queensland Art Exhibition is likoly this .year to be an exceptionally fashionnblo function. A largo numbor of entries whioh have bcon received, and u spooially fino colleotion of giotures may bo oxpeotad to bo on viow. overal Sydnoy and Melbourne artists havo notified their intention of sending exhibits. It should bo noted that local exhibitors should inform tho seoretary of their intention by tho 20th instant. Lady Norman will opon tho exhibition on August 6, at 3 x>-m. A very quiot . wedding took place at St. John's Fro 0C athc (lral Inst Saturauv morning, when Miss Charlotto Francis, daughter of Air. A. M. Francis, P.M., who Iuib sinca hor resi- . donoo in Brisbano boon highly popular in musical circles, bcoamo Mm. J. G. King. , Mrs. George Gray's juvonilo parly at Elder- Well last Saturday night was a great success. . It is announced that tho Brisbane Soleot Choir will givo a contort during Exhibition week, tho dgto boing- fixed tor Monday, : August 8. Major Hobor Poroy,. ofiShropshire/fEngland,:- who nrrivodin - .Brisbanh" n.fowjweoks ago,, with his wife 'and ' two; Bp' tho , steamer CintrilMt;:Satdrday,whore.thoy. will', visit 'Mr.,AIao'arthoyls,;)l6apitablo'/homestoad, Wnverley Station, '.sevehal miles' from Rook- hanipton. .. , / Air) Jns. Clark (Soott./Dawoon,, and Stewart) will: entertain ramumbor, of (gentlemen at a hoiisewavming festlyityjat liis.ijevit residenoe, Racecourse, to-day. ' :; / Mrs. Montofioro, of Indooroopilly, gavo a most, enjoyable danop lost evoning. Nearly 00 ghosts wero preaont amongst whom woro Mes- damosFoxton, Cannan, Bath, Smith, MisRos Stanley! Hart.' Nedsou, Bogle, M'Ghio, Little, Armstrong, Hassall, Campbell, and others. The gentlemen were represented by Messrs. Stacoy, M'Swaino, MaoDonnell, Cameron, Stanloy, Boglo, Finlayson, Little, Neilson, Wooliyoh, and many otnors. Tho musio was all that could be desired, and a most onjoyable evening was spent. Mrs. Olingon latoly arrived in Brisbano from Scotland on a visi,t to her sister, Mrs. Wobster, Mountjoy placo, Potrie terrace. On Fiiday, 15th iuBtant, Mr. and Mrs., Wobster ontor- tainod sovoral guests, -who were invited to meet Mrs. Clingau. Mrs. Lawford, of Sydney, : is visiting her parents, Mr; and Mrs. ' "W. L.; G. Drow, at Minto, Toowong. Tho marriage of Miss Lena Goodrich, a nicoe of Mr. Henry Braoker (B. D. Morehead and Co), to Air. H. "White, of Kkedale, Southern Downs, was celebrated at her grandmother's residenoe, Warroo, on tho 13th instant. There were about 30 guests. Tho obarming brido was married in hor travelling drese. The fine house at Pikedale Station has been thoroughly renovated for the reception of the bride and bridogroom, Frequent applications have been made By ladies and gentlemen desirous of witnessing the exercises at tho ladies' classes at the Bris bane Gymnasium. The presence of visitors . has bcon folt to bo an inconvenience, and they will thoreforo from this date, riot bo admitted, , until after a speaial public display to be given by the ladies in September next. Tho engagement of Miss -E. A.- Oopeland, eldest daughter of Mr. W. Copeland, South Brisbano, to Air. W. G. Henderson, is announced. The Liedertafel oonoert on Tuesday next is sure to be a very fashionable funotion. Airs. Palmer, of Melbourne, who is in town on a visit to iler daughter, Mrs. Gilbert Wilson, has been spooially engaged. Mrs. Wilson will also appoar, and Brisbane will have tho rare opportunity of hearing Mrs. Palmer and her daughter in a duet. A Carandini duot is one of the rare events of the" Australian musical past. AH. 0. R. Jones is to sing a new song. It is expooted too that tho orchestral and ohoral portion of -'the programme will be of spcoial oxoellonoo. 1 Tho'steam yaoht Soylla, tho property of Mr. J. R. Diokson, jun., was successfully launched on the 21st,' by Mr.' Hugh M'Lean; of South Brisbane. ' Tho' Soylla has- been Altered by being cut amidships and .langthonod by Mr.; M'Lean. The Scottish AAsooiation will weloomo Mr. Walter .Bontley to. Brisbano on Monday at their roomsat2p.m. Mr. ' J. E. Lorosoho returned a few days ago from a short visit to' Bundaberg, whore ho was the guest of his brother-in-law, ML Parker. 