i LITERATURE AND ART. i A FIRST peep at the Royal Academy reveals (lie I fact that it is uot a very fine exhibition, and t hat tho ! power of tho havoc-bearing foss aud east winds has I not been belied. The Academy will bo probably re ; membered as the "Gruesome Exhibition"-so many | are the corpscs, the crises, and t!io funerals that sadden tho walls. Mr. Luke Fildos'.s picture of "The Doctor"-a.s prophesied?- must bo cau iidered, popularly speaking, 1 lie picture of llio .year. Mr. Brantley's Curnish funeral scene, the pathctic " For of such is lln.! Kingdom of Heaven/' makes a strong impression, but it is not well hung; it ccr- ? tuiulv deserves a better place. j SIR FREUEUIO LEIGH TON" is seen to admirable ' ndvanlago with his " Perseus and Andromeda/' and ; his "Return of Persephone," for these line works ; look still better than they did when seen in his ; Btudio. In tho section of sculpture, ton, he takes j premierplace,hismarblo"AthleteandPytlfon "occupy- ! iug-and deservedly-tho place of honour. Otherwise the show of sculpture in situ does not make a strong ; impression. But tho architectural room-that, it 1 must be admitted, excites the usual thrilling j interest. I THE popularity of Mr. Alma Tadema seems now to j bo at its height. Three of hio pictures wero included in the sale of the Santurco collection, and each of them fetched over 2000 guineas. The exact figures were: "An Audience with Agrippa" (18G1), 2550 guineas; ""VintageFestival" (1S71), 2250 guineas; and the "Amateur Roinain," 2650 guineas. j A STORY in pictures is one of tho oldest direct methods of placing a moral widely beforo tho people. The old wood engravers of Germany, Italy, aud Flanders preached in this way 300 years ago, and the method has held good ever since, being repeated over and over again-sometimes with more and sometimes , with less effect. A revival is on foot, and Labour ! Day, May 1, was selected for the inauguration. The workers in this instance are Mr. Walter Crane as designer, and Mr. Henry Scheu as engraver, the result _ being, one of the largest and best wood engravings that has been produced of recent years. The idea of the {mblication was conceived by Mr. Scheu in December ast: it was chatted over with Mr. Walter Crane, who had his design ready by the middle of January, and then Mr. Scheu set to work on the engraving, repro ducing the drawing line for line. WIIHH Johnson was asked how he felt when his tragedy of ' Irene " was a failure, he replied, " Like I the Monument." Mr, J. M. Barrio's "Richard ' Savagecan hardly bo termed an entire failure, for j its authors were heartily greeted at the close, and Mr. j Barrie has already received two offers to write plays. ! But as if to emphasise that he feels " like the Monu ment," Mr. Barrie-wo suspcct it is Mr. Barrie- I makes good fun out of his critics in the Speaker. We I believe that Mr. Barrio is unmarried, and would therefore willingly accept the following as autobio graphical : " Old fellow," said Anon, seizing my hand suddenly, " I wish I was married." " Why ?" " Be cause my wife would insist it "was a splendid piece, and say that tho criticism was spite." " But would you really believe her ?" " No; but it would bo pleasant to hear her say it." LOCKITAIIT BOGLE, whose picture of " Thb Pibroch,"-representing a piper in the costume of 200 years ago strutting along tho parapet of a tower, and " blawing wi' birr," while the clans are mustor ing for the fray-lias been well hung in the Royal Academy, i3 a native of Glenelg, near tho Isle of Skye. It may therefore be supposed that his inte rest in the Highlanders is not of recent origin. Mr. Boglo spent seven yeai*a in a writer's (Anglic6 solicitors) office in Glasgow, then went to Diisseldorf, where ho studied for four years under Professor Jansen, and finally came-like so many Scotchmen before him, and even since-to London. TIIE Luxemburg Museum is to have a department of prints added to its collect ion, and in order to house it tho authorities have decided to build a new gallery I on the site of tho garden of the " Petit Luxembourg." j A SINGULAR, action is pending in the Paris law ! courts between M. Jules Lcmaitre, critic and dra- ! j matists, and a M. Joseph de Thievres, who demands [ the suppression of his name in M.' Lomaitre's new play, "Marriage Blanc," "In whatever way that name may be spelt/' M. Lcmaitre refuses to alter his drama to spare M. Thievre's sensitivo ? feelings, and the case is pet down for early trial. It , will be remembered that a few yeare ago M. . Duverdy, advocate in the Court of Appeal, Paris, de- j manded from M. Zola the suppression of tho name i Duverdy in one of his novels. M. Zola refused, and defended himself in the law court-, but without avail. Whether judgment in tho Lomaitro case will run on the saiuo lines remains to bo seen. Now that Sir Frederick Leighton has seen the ex- j cellent result of his letter to tho people, of Richmond protesting against tho erection of river- sido ventila tors on the walk between Richmond and Petersham, it is to be hoped ho mil again and again interfere with such scnemcs. There is Rosebery- avenue, for instance, which, by reason of its new buildings, is fast becoming one of tho ugliest thoroughfares in ? London. Foira days in the early part of June will have a special interest for all those who have a taste for etchings, for then it is that Mr. Soymour Haden's col- j lection will come under tho hammer. It has been stated tho same event happens in tho end to all collections; but sometimes, as in this case, tho event, happens in the collector's lifetime. j ANOTHER Aristotelian discovery, following so closely j on that of the much- debated Essay on the Athenian ) Constitution, will provoke a certain amount of seep- i ticism as well as interest among scholars. Dr. I Charles Waldstein narrates in the current issue of the Nineteenth Century tho results of excavations which ho undertook at Eretria, in the Island of j ! Eubcea, in tho course of which he thinks ho ' has found the tomb of Aristotle. Tho Greek philo- ' sopher is known to have died in Euboca, and the ! sarcophagus, which Dr. Walstein unearthed, con- \ 1 tained not only a statuette, corresponding to the ; j description we possess of Aristotle's statute, but also j ! a metal pen, cut. and slit like a quill, as well as two j I instruments for writing on wax tablets, as though to j show that tho grave belonged to a man of letters, j I Whether or no the tomb of Plato' successor has really j been found, the discovery is an interesting one, for | no other specimen of a metal pen seom3 ever to have i j been found in Greece. ! | MOLTKE will go down to posterity in tho character j of a graceful writer a3 well as in that of a great I strategist. Only a year ago a new and popular ' edition of his " Wanderbuch," and his "Briefe au8 I i Russland," was published by Gebriider Paetel at I ' Berlin. The former, which is now in its fifth j . edition, contains brief sketches of Moltke's wander | ings in Italy, Spain, and France, which for their ; graceful style and the amount of information form an j almost ideal guide book. Tho "Letters from ! Russia" are of historic interest, being an account of ; tho festivities connected with tho coronation of Alexander 11., at which Count (then Freiherr) von ? Moltko was present in^tjio capacity of personal ? adjutant of tho EmperOr Frederick, then Princo Frederick William of Prussia. ! THE director of the Paris Ecme des Bcvves had j recently the idea of obtaining from tho great men | now living an answer to the question, " Wliafc books I : have exercised tho greatest influence upon your j mind?" The reply from General voa Moltke arrived \ a fow days before his death, and, according to ! Dalziel, is one of the last letters ho wrote. It is as follows: " Dear Sir,-I gladly comply with your desire, and send you herewith a list of tho works which I believe exercised the greatest influence upon iny mind. I may say that I read the ' Iliad' when I was but nine years of age, of course in a translation. -Yours devotedly, Moltke (Field Marshal)." The following is the list of books appended: Tho Bible, j Homer's " Iliad," Littrow's " The Wonders of tho Heavens," Liebig's " Letters on Agricultural Chemistry," Ciausewitz " On War," Schiller, Goetho, Shakespeare, Walter Scott, Ranke, Trietschle, and I Carlvle's historical works. The letter is written in ' German in Moltke's own hand. The list of books is j in French. ' j IF, as a mathematician calculates, a man of (50 has j spent three years of his life in buttoning his collar, | how much time has been consumed bya woman of 45 [ in putting her hat on straight ? i Tun girl who said " Hand me iny fan, Tom," ia ; supposed to have believed in ghosts. ! " WHAT flower of beauty shall I marry?" said a I handsome young spendthrift to his miserly governor; to which the governor replied, " Mari-gold." DEAN SWIFT says, " It is with little-souled people as it is with narrow-necked bottles-the le3s they havo in them the more noise they make in pouring it out." " MY deer, I lovo thee!" as tho benedict said to his wife when sho helped him to a slice of venison. Delightfully did sho smile; but how easily women are humbugged. DCKISG a Westminster election Fox was opposed by Sir Cecil Wray. . One of the adreree.py.rty, when a dead cat was thrown upon the hustings, observed that it smelt worse than a Fox. " That' is not at all extraordinary," said Fox, " fcoasidering it is a pol» .»t.V 