lBM?ra»E, . CHAPTER XIX. MB. WATTS' LITTLE ÎABTT. On the same night, pretty late, say ten o'olock* three men were seated round the deal table in the middle of the janitor's parlor, playing a cheerful game of three-handed cribbage. An odor of whisky punch pervaded the atmospheres a couple of black bottles flanked a hot-water jug be- side the cribbage-board, anda deep tumbler smoked seductively at each man's elbow. Mr. Watts was having a little party to commemo- rate his mother's hundreth birthday. Mrs. Watts lived over the border, in aplace called Auohterarder, and had not seen her son Willie for well-nigh thirty years : indeed it has been said that she died when he was a boy, but I would not detract from his integrity by setting the calumny down as other than a calumny whispered by Willie Watts* foes ¡ for only a fool has no enemies. It was te celebrate this joyful occasion, however that Mr. Watts had taken young Trevor by the buttonhole as he was leaving the college, and said " I know you won't refuse to taste a drop of the barley-bree with your legs under my poor table. I know I'm a tiresome fellow, but I love a convivial night of it even yet, and it would do me good to see your young lips toasting my aged mother on the oc- casion of her arriving at her century of years." And Trevor, having a certain weakness that the sly old dog suspected something, consented, nothing loth to drink and have a lark, times being so very ominous juBt now. When Trevor had been in Mr. Watts' parlor for a little while, another guest joined them, whose company he would fain have been without, as long as he had any sense left in him. The third man was Roger Fraser, the man who had tracked poor Minor Monck and thrown him in- to jail. But somehow the ovening had been spent remark- ably pleasantly. Mr. Watts had been especially quaint and amusing ; had sung Scotch ballads until the tears had coursed down his own cheeks from ex- treme sensibility, and down Trevor's from uproarious mirth; had played such reels and strathspeys upon his fiddle as would have set a Highland chief and all hie followers dancing like mad; had jumped up in the fullness of his heart and danced " Gillie Callani" over the poker and tongs, playing all the time until the perspiration rolled off his brow in drops as big as beans ; had then changed from the mood gay to the mood pensive, and told such stories about his young days spent with the venerable heroine of the night, that it would have been only poetical justice if the gray-haired ghost had appeared on a broomstick and whisked him off for lying. And now he was entering with innocent zest into a rattling game of cribbage, while meantime, and all the time, the whisky punch was circulating at a prodigious rate. Trevor had long ago ceased to feel uncomfortable in the presence of the big sullen man whose brother he and his comrades had killed among them; had -forgotten how grim and silent he was ; and was blind to the meaning glances which were exchanged between Mr. Roger Fraser and his sprightly host from time to time. Trevor waa vociferating a Latin chant, in jig time, while he sat out his deal. One more significant glance passed from Fraser to Watts, then the latter cleared his throat. " Excellent ! excellent !" cried he, with a neat little puckering smile round his thin lips, " and now, my dear fellow, tell us a story." "All right." gaily responded Trevor, "what shall it be-comic or tragic ? I'm your man for either, though. " ' A ead tale Is best for winter, I've one of sprites and goblins-" " Tell us," muttered Mr. Watts, bending forward and putting his skinny hand upon the youth's arm, persuasively, " tell UB liow old Fraser really met his death." For an instant Trevor gazed at him with horror in his eyes ; for an instant his bewildered brain gathered together its clouded faculties, and warned him off the subject at the bidding of that smooth voice. He drew himself up and tried to assume an air of cool reserve. " How should I know that, sir ?" demanded he, and even as he spoke the stern air waa melting from his face, and a half-tipsy good humor was taking its place. "Ah, poor Minor! poor young fellow!" mur. mured the eompassionate Mr. Watta, " going to be transported for manslaughter, for want of a friend to speak up for him ! And we all thought you were his best friend, always together, hand and glove» Achilles and Achates. He! he! he! The old schoolmaster hasn't quite forgotten his classics, you see. But maybe he didn't tell you anything, after all ; and maybe you're right, maybe you're right. The battle'B with you, my lad." Trevor was slowly shaking his head from Bide to side with the importance of Socrates. " That subject is-is tabooed," he said, with a theatrical wave of the hand, "avaunt there spectral memories of the past; let us be happy to" day!" ' Roger Fraser bent over the table with a fierce flare of the eye; but quick as light Mr. Watts turned on him with upraised finger. " No a word !" whispered he, importantly. " I'l* manage him. Be discreet, man. Why, I declare,' poking his nose into the hot water jug, " the water' cold as a Btone. EXCUBO me a moment, friends ; the little girl has gone to bed; I'll go myself." Then, aside to Fraser, " Canny, man, fair and softly. I'll manage it myself." He trotted out; Trevor sat with folded arms, and pondered, or seemed to ponder ; but the disturbed look vanished from his face like circling ripletsfrom a placid lake ; he was in truth half asleep. Fraser, sitting opposite, watched him darkly, till their host trotted in again with a seductive air of light-heartedneaa. " Now, then, we'll have another game, if you're not wearied of my cribbage- board," smirked'he, cheerfully, "and to screw up your courage-I'm going to be hard to beat this time, Mr. Trevor we'll have another taste of the mountain dew. Why, my dear fellows, you quite shame me, you are drinking nothing at all. Let me mix this tumbler for you ; I've been told that one of my fortes lay in the mixing of punch ; too much water, or sugar, or nutmeg, is fatal. Ah ! here we are. Try that, Mr. Trevor, I do not think you will find it amiss." Too much water, or sugar, or nutmeg there certainly was not ; too much of the mountain dew there certainly was. Trevor seized the proffered glass, and drank its seething hot. " Capital !" he cried, with the air of a connoisseur. "You're a ve<~y Burns in the mixing of the punch- bowl. Hurrah for old Watta !" Fraser smiled at his host darkly. Mr. Watta, gaily humming a lively Scotch air, shuffled the cards. The game was played, and was very disorderly, the youth insisting on claiming all the points, and the old men Buffering themselves to be cheated with surpassing good humour. Trevor drank, and besame more and more hilari- ous, more and more frantically reckless, more and more a helpless creature, not to be held responsible for his actions. What would his mother have said to see him now? What wonld his lady-love say, who held him noble as only a woman can do ? Would she have held him noble had she seen that bloated face, and heard those babbling lips ? "We'll not mind playing any more," said Mr. Watts, making a movement behind him with his hand. " I muat hear the rest of that atory, Trevor, my dear fellow. You tell it so graphically that I can't keep back the tears-I declare I can't ; they come in spite of me," and he wiped them away. Fraser got up, and went into the kitchen, leav- ing the door open behind him. Trevor tried to ait upright, but sank forward again, and, leaning his head heavily on hiB two hands, stared on vacancy with an idiotic smile. "Was I telling a story ?" hiccoughed he. "Yes," answered- the mirror of integrity; " about old Fraser's death, you know. You've got a wonderful power in narration, Never heard any- thing like it." "Didn't, eh?" drawled Trevor, with drunken complacenoy ; then, looking about with red eyeB " I say, wbere's the other old chap." " Gone home some time ago," said Mr. Watts, blandly, "and there's only you and I left together -two old cronies, you know." "I'm glad he's gone," said Trevor, hazily re- membering that there was some reason for disliking FraBer, but what he knew not, " for he's a sulky beast- isn't he, old man ?" " Very," responded the dignified Mr. Watts, too genuinely hospitable to resent such familiarity in a guest ; " very, very sulky ; but I'm different, I assure you. Come, tell me what happened then," " Eh ?-what did I say about it P We weren't to say a word, you know," maundered Trevor, with a vague consciousness that he must maintain silence on some subject, but forgetting what subject or before whom. " You and the rest were in the room together, you said," prompted Mr. Watts, turning very pale. " Oh, I said that, did I ? Then that's not it j I'm all right," babbled the wretched youth, nodding his head with a foolish look of acuteness. " Did I get on to ttie wet towel P" " No," whispered Mr. Watts, lowering his eyes to hide their eagerness. " Go on." " It was a droll idea, I can tell you," cried Trevor. " Little Minor planned it all-such a wag ! You should have seen us at it, sir. By George ; I can't help laughing yet, when I think of the old fellow standing before the judge, pleading for meroy-ha», ha, ha!" " What was it ?" breathed Mr. Watts. " Only a joke, sir ; the trial of old Fraser for the capital crime of shutting the gates at nine o'clock instead of five minutes past-ho, ho, ho ! We tried him, and convicted him, and sentenced him to die!"" "Who else besides Major and Minor Monck?" asked Mr. Watts, who was actually trembling with excitement. " Oh, the whole pack of us-fifteen of us, by Jove. The whole of the fourth- year Btudents who were in Professor L'Hiver's class. We didn't mean to kill him-poor old idiot} it was only a joke." . The vengeful face of Fraser's brother looked in at the door ; while the besotted youth was maundering on, he stole to the back of his chair, in breathless rage and excitement, and grasped the wooden back with a fierce grip. " Well after the trial P" suggested Mr. Watts. " Yes, after the trial, we carried him to the block sir, and we bandaged his eyes, poor chap, and two of us took a wet towel, and twisted it into a rope, and holding it tight, one at each end, sir, we brought it down on the back of his neck, instead-of the axe h« was expecting ; and the poor old wretch made up his mind that his head was off, and fell down dead, sir, on the spot. And now little Minor's nabbed for it-the merriest soul you ever saw, sir-and we daren't open a mouth to save him." " Don't give way, my good fellow, bear up," mnrj mured the Judas voice, beguilingly. " I'm eorry for you, believe me. And why don't you all speak out and save Minor P" " We didn't mean to hurt him, you see, poor old chap ! But we knew his friends wouldn't believe that, BO we swore an oath, we fifteen students, and Major Monck ; we swore by the Almighty God of Truth never to divulge to a living soul the nameB of those that were there, or how old Fraser died." Mr. Watts regarded his victim with a pity which was pitiless in its contempt. " Ay, ay} and that's the story is it ?" said he, softly rubbing his hands as he glanced over Trevor's head at the avenger of blood behind his chair. " That's the story, is it P-" echoed the hoarse, exultant voice of Fraser. Trevor started up, and tried to face round on the eavesdropper. " Ha !" he muttered, with faintly moving lips'' " Are you there, villain ?" " But the dramatic speech died away, and he sank back in his chair, leaning his arms on the table, and muttering, with thick tongue, incohe- rently. In two or three minutes his face dropped for- ward on his arms, and he fell asleep, conquered at last by the two betrayers, Mr. Watts and his whiskey punch. The two old men stood watching him, the one with a moody triumph, the other with a mild satis- faction. "You've done for yourself, my fine young cove !" chucked Fraser, at last. " Or, rather, I have done for him," corrected Mr. Watts, not unmindful of his own sharpness, nor averse to Mr. Fraser taking note of the same. " Come on, Watts, and bear witness," growled Fraser, fiercely ; " they shall all see the inside of the jail before to-morrow night." " Fair and softly, friend," said the ex-pedagogue, shrinking back. " You must not mix my name up in this affair. A poor man, my friend, but an eminently respectable one. As far as I can see, no murder was intended. I would desire to let this poor besotted creature's confession go for naught." The blacksmith ground his teeth, and glared in all the fury of semi- drunkenness. He had just swal- lowed enough of the heady compound to rouse his worst nature into active virulence. " Murder is killing a man, and killing a man is murder," he said with a fearful oath. "I know no difference. I've made up my mind to make '9m pay for the death of poor old John, and by the Eternal, not one of them shall escape ! ' Well, if you won't come along with me, I can make ye, I reckon." "There, there, my good fellow, don't be crusty," quoth the little Scot, with mild dignity } " there's really no hurry. I'll go with you in the morning, while this poor sot is deep in his boozy slumbers. We'll send him home to- night, you know, and be on him before eight o'clock in the morning, before he has had time to wake up and remember any- thing. Likely he will have no recollection of what took place this evening ; he is dead drunk, you see." So Mr. Watta nimbly betook himself to the corner cab-stand, and brought baok a vehicle in which to convey his younger guest home. " See him comfortably into his room, Mr. Fraser," said the hospitable old gentleman, as the cabman and Fraser carried the senseless youth out to the carriage ; aud &B; he stood on his own doorstep holding the candle over his head, with his sleek iron-gray hair plastered down upon his temples, and his patronizing air, and his tight little smile, he seemed such a quaint but beneficent old creature that you couldn't have fancied he could beguil a human being into working his own ruin through such a mean and beastly vice as drunkenness. (To be continued.) 