ITEMS OF INTEREST. [COLLECTED FBOM AM. SOUBCES.] A post-mortem examination held on the body of a boy seven years old recently, at Ponteuraft, England, disclosed the fact that ' although the stomach did not contain any 1 poisonous ingredients, yet there were traces j I of certain irritants, and the intestines were j much inflamed. It was shown that on the day of his death the boy had eaten nothing I eicept bread, biscuits, and hot tea without I milk. The tea had been placed in the oven | to warm. The jury found that the deceased I " died from a shook produced by drinking hot tea without milk.-»" The manager of the State Asylum for the Deaf and Dumb in Indianapolis, U S A., has made the important discovery that out of 27 boys and 29 girls, all except three were able to hear the phonograph. A few days ago a publican at West Walls- end, named Charles Prescott, was the victim of a cowardly outrage. He v*aB riding on a lonely road, when two men sprang from behind a tree, pulled him off his horse, beat him, and then one of the fel- lows jumped on his chest and held him down whilst the other robbed him. The men then decamped, and Pressland, who was seriously injured, has been under medical treatment since. A tremendous thunderstorm, followed by hail and rain which did much damage, visited Queanbeyan on Wednesday. The Bonaparte mentioned elsewhere as implicated in another «rent jewel robbery in London, is a civil engineer, and is a son of the late Prince Louis Lucien Bonaparte. The jewels are said to have been worth £20,000, and Bonpparte is said to have had a con- federate named Thomson. English locomotives have neither bells, headlights, nor cowcatchers. Warning is given by the shrillest of whistles. The population of China is now estimated at 350,000,000, which is almost equal to the entire population of Europe. The Young Men's Christian Association of South Australia, intend if possible to get Moody and Sankey to visit Australia. A serions case of snakebite occurred at Elmshurst, 17 miles from Avoca, Victaria. Mrs. Loas, wife of a Bettler, picked up a stick to throw at a rabbit, and felt a sting. She looked down and saw a tiger snake gliding away. She was bitten on the fourth finger of the left hand. She placed her finger on a block and asked her husband to cut it off, which he did with an axe. He then drove his wife 17 mileB to Avoca. She was in a state of collapse, but Dr. Johnson applied the strychnine remedy with success, and the woman is now out of danger. The Irish team won the tug-of-war at Adelaide, the Fort Adelaide natives were placed second, and the Swedes third. Speckled trout have been caught in the Nepean, near Windsor. A new substitute for glass has been an- nounced in Yienna. It is made out of collo- dion wool and has the same properties as glass, except that it is flexible. The moBt powerful electric lighthouse in Europe is the one at Hanstholm on the Scow. It hau a strength of two million candle«. ' . The .. newly-formed Young Victorian Patriotic League ia making good progress, and a number of members are being enrolled daily. As finally adopted, the manifesto sets forth that the object of the league is to hasten the return of industrial prosperity to Victoria. The " planks" of the league include a deter- mined resistance to the rash and mischievous proposals of the leaders of the labour.party, Btrong opposition 'to one man one vote, to advocate the reform of the public finances by means of rigorous economy and a better management of the public funds and debt, fand judicious taxation, to assist Australian I federation. One of the Irish members of Parliament, Peter McDonald, is totally blind, yet he is one of the most influential debaters in the House of Commons- He is, besides, one of the most accomplished Greek scholars in the assembly. His Honor District Court Judge Backhouse has been permanently appointed a Judge of the Northern District, »ice Judge M'Earland, retired. The appointment is to take effect from April 1. Some watches now made are guaranteed to keep time to within ten seconds a month. The'thermometer stood at 164 in the BUU ai Aldelaide on Tuesday. During the mouth of January 14,000 quarters of wheat were sold in London at an average of 39s per quarter. At a large meeting of the residents of Bourke he'd on Tuesday night resolutions protecting against tb« issue of free passes to the unemployed to convey them to Bmrke were carried, it being pointed out that there were already hundreds of men in the district out of work. Mr. Dibbs is careless of that so Ion" as the unfortunates are removed from.the gaze of legislators in Sydney. An Eaglish manufacturer, while examining the texture a"d quality of some bandages found on a mummy, was aBtouished to find that the arrangement of the threads was exactly like that which he hud p ¡.tented a few mon'hs before, and which he had supposed to ' be an independent invention of his own. There's nothing new under the sun. One person leases a tract of land nearly 2000 acres in extent, within three miles of Dubbo for £39 per annum. The local Sleeper Getters' Union are about to have a petition presented to Parliament to have the land thrown open for selection, and already over 400 signatures have been obtained. A Ladies' College bas been opened nt Murrurundi. Jene Henriokson, an elderly inmate of the Sailors' Home, Sydney, shot himself on Wed- nesday morning The Duke of Eiinburgh, the second son of i Queen Victoria, is the best educated member of the British royal family. He speaks five languages fluently, plays several musical in- struments well and the violin expertly, and has some talent for pointing. The Bail way Gommi'Bionera state that the lack of funds prevents them from making j necessary aUerat'on to the steps at the rail- way Station, Morpeth. Probably the work would not cost more than £10, and it has been under consideration for two years. The Brisbane Chamber of Commerce bas congratulated Sir Samuel Griffith on the issue of his manifesto on coloured labour. The Victorian Government policy will con- tain items of retrenchment and the reform of the civil service, the making of a £«w railway lines, and new taxation to meet the large de- ficiency. A resolution was carried by a considerable majority at a large meeting at Albury on Wednesday, in favour of petitioning the Legislativa Council to reject the Customs DutifB Bill. At Broken Hill on Wednesday a number of miners wore severely injured by an explosion. Of the 1,900 policemen in Chicago 1,555 are Irishmen. ' An inquest has been opened in the caBe of Caroline Wynne at the Perth police court, Weat Australia. The evidence showed that the woman, when drunk, threatened to beat ber stepdaughter, when the girl's father interfered, and a fight took place between the two, which ended in Wynne felling his wife to the ground and jumping on her He also dragged her about the place. The inquest was adjourned. Within sixty-two years Mexico bas had fifty-four presidents, one regency and one empire, and nearly every change of govern- ment has bBen effected by violence. Bush fires are raging on the Victorian side of the Murray opposite Albury. In the Wilcannia district, in the nighbour bood of ons tank, 73,000 rabbits have been destroyed since December 1. At the foot of Ardrass Hill, by the side of the Clane road, near the town of Colbridge, Kildare, Ireland, is "St. Patrick's Well" " This blessed well," says a recent visitor, " is circular, built around with masonry, and par- tially covered with a large flagstone. Some aneient ivy-clad thorn trees overshadow it, and, to judge by the numerous pieces of rags tied to the bushes and briars around it, it is still held in high veneration in the district. There are 250,483 Indians in the United Stated exclusive of Alaska, this enumeration including bucks, squaws, and papooses. The available force for fighting is 50,000, only one-half of whom are warlike. The Stock Exchange of New South Wales on Wednesday reported the following sales : ) -A. J. S. Bank, £2112s 6d ; Commercial Bank of Sydney, £115 ; Eederal Bank, 40B 6d ; Industrial Provident, £1710s ; Waratah Coal, £6 I The visible supplies of sugar in Europe and America and afloat to Europe at latest date amounted to 1,212,738 tons, against 1,075,967 tons at the corresponding period of last year. A meeting of the shareholders and de- positors of the Real Estate Bank was held in Melbourne on Wednesday, and it was resolved that it was advisable to voluntarily wind up the concern. In connection with the poisoning of a wedding party at Pahiatuo, N Z , recently, some home-made buscuits used on that I occasion have been analysed. They were found to contain arsenic The Customs receipts on Wednesday amounted to £11,515. Towards this the 10 per cent, ad valorem duty contributed £3933, and the 15 per cent, £631. The body of a woman recently found in the Torrens Lake, Adelaide, was identified by several persons as that of a Mrs. McShane, but it now transpires that Mrs. McShane is alive and well. At Bourke, on Wednesday, the heat reached Ila in the shade. The total value of the South Australian staple exports for 1891 was £4,685,313. The raine of the wheat and flour exported was £1,906,472, The Mount Pleasant Company, Wollon- gong, has an order to supply 4000 tona of coal - this week. . Work, however, was very slack last fortnight. A young man named John Hayes met with a serious accident through his stirrup- leather breaking, and causing bim to fall off his horse at Pnaviix Park ou Wednesday. He was removed to his home, and Dr. Bennett, who was in attendance, found him suffering from severe concussion of the brain, and of course 1 totally unconscious. Two pair of brothers named respectively Harvey and Leach, and aged from 9 to 13 years, were charged at the Sydney Quarter Sessions with having broken into the house of a Chinaman and stolen therefrom. Recog- nisances for their behaviour were found and they were discharged. Some rowdies who amused themselves by fighting at a suburban cricket match in Victoria on Saturday last, have since paid for their fun by being fined £10 each. It was 107 degrees in the shade at Broken Hill on Wednesday. We learn that a storekeeper has been a sufferer to the extent of about £35 worth of merchandise, suspected to have been stolen from the railway trucks in course of transit between Sydney and Tenterfield. He is not the only victim, as the police in search of the missing goods have unearthed the proceeds of several other robberies hitherto unsus- pected. It is believed to be the work of some persons who have been working this game for some time. Dr. Dufl.)t and J. P. Maher,of Casino, who recently distinguished himself at Tenterfield, are to bave a pigeon match for £100 aside. The Mount Morgan Company's report for January shown that 5400 tons of Bfcono were raised, and the yield of gold was 13,000 ozs. Conningham, the crack Queensland crick« eter played a magnificent innings for 134. on Saturday. Still the selectors of represen- tative Australian teams will not give him a chance against the Englishmen. The last special excursion train on the southern line proved a success. Some 322 passengers, representing £257 19a 3d, tra- velled from Sydney and suburban stations, and 858 booked from country stations to Sydney, their fares representing £743 5s lOd. A lighter, while being towed up to Port Adelaide on Tuesday, grounded. The salt water got into some dynamite and nitro- glycerine, which floated about. An explosion was feared, but 'prompt measures prevented this. Along the Columbia river a kind of bread is made from a moss that grows on the spruce fir tree. This moss i« prepared by placing it" in heaps, sprinkling it with water and per- mitting it to ferment. Then it is rolled into balls as big as a man's head, and these are baked in pits, ElectricianiNikola Tesia says the time will soon come when a ship will be able to tele- graph to either shore of the sea she is travers- ing without cable or indeed any direct con- nection. At a wedding just celebrated in a German village the bridegroom, an old soldier, was 96\. Compared with this the bride was quite juvenile-only 82 The residents of Bourke say that they can- not put the Sydney unemployed on to any- thing, but that they can put something on to them-the police and dogs. A swagman named A. J. Lawin was drowned in the Namoi River, near Narrabri, whilst bathing a few days ago. Mr. F. A Young, a very old and promin- ent figure in Murrurundi, died in that town a few days ago. The Plattsburg Public School has been raised to the dignity of a Superior Public School. How easily fires may be caused was illus- trated a few days ago at Ballarat (Vic), when the transparent glass knob on the handle of a lady's umbrella f ocuBSed the sun's rays with such effect as to set fire to her dress. Strangely enough, when picnicking the following day the silk of the umbrella was set on fire in a similar manner. A ghost has driven the workmen from the 700-foot level of the Anaconda copper mine at Butte, Montana. They declare that the ghoBt which was a former foreman of the mine, perches itself on the timbers in the stopes and gives orders as to the manner in which the work should be performed. Most of the mining claims about Hillgrove bave stopped working ii consequence of the want of water. The income of the Armidale Council last year was £2850. It has an overdraft of £3605. On Monday last, during the thunderstorm, the officials in the Inverell telegraph office received a bad scare. One flash caused an explosion like that of a dozen revolvers, and lit np the office as if the 9th November had arrived. No damage was done. Constable Tindall effected a smart capture of a man named Brown, who was wanted for stealing at Mudgee. The constable had to swim across a river after Brown, who bolted, and then after running km down in a long chase had to struggle to take his prisoner. The Burmese women are great personages and play a great part in their households. They choose their own husbands and divorce them when they like, retaining their own property and all that they have earned ; they are at liberty to marry again whether aa widows or divorcees. When members of the Women's Suffrage League see this they will enquire the cost of a passage to Burmah. The retrenchment party of the Assembly, with O'sullivan at its head, succeeded on Wednesday night in posing aB ignorant, pre judiced, vulgar, and ra'ahcions. Sir Alfred Stephen and Chief Justice Way, of South Australia, occupied seats near their Honors of the Full Court on Wednes- day morning Dr. Benwick has been chosen Chancellor of the University, in the room of Mr. H. C. Bussell. , There is some likelihood that the Legisla- tive Council will throw out the Customs Duties Bill. Since one ground of its rejec- tion of the Electoral Bill was that it had not received popular sanction, it is hard to see how the Customs Bill can be assented to. The Legislative Assembly of Western Aus- tralia on Tueiday night passed the line in the estimates for the establishment of an Agent I General's office in London, and Sir William Bobinson will be appointed at a salary of £1500 per annum for a term of five years. The volcano at Colima, Mexico, is active. The column of fire from its crater at night can be seen for 100 miles. The population of the Argentine republio is now about 4,000,000, more than twice what I it waa in 1861. i Oil from American corn ia being used by i tho German manufacturers. 