THE SPIRITS' MOUNTAIN.' z~ Fasten the dogs, Tblow tlie homs to call the huntsmen; together, and let as take: a turn around.the city." 'jy^sightis approaching ; it is AH Souls' Day, and ire are on theSpIrits' Mountain." ".So soon 1" \- -'"Hit were any- other day but this, I would not give up limiting that pack of wolves, which. the snows of Moncayo hare driven from their dens, but it is impossible to-day. They "will soon call to prayers at the monastery of the Knights Templar, and the "bells will commence to toll for the dead in the chapel on the mountain." "In that ruined chapel ? Bah, yon "wish to frighten me 1" " Iso, my lovely cousin ; hut you are not aware of all that has occurred in this country, for it is only a year since 3-ou came back. Slacken your horse's pace, and I -Rill tell yOu a story." ? The pages were gathered in merry groups ; the Counts of Borges and Alardiel were mounted on magnificent steeds, and they rode behind their son and daughter, Alonso and Beatriz, -who kept on at some distance ahead of the cavalcade. Alonso went on as follows : "This mountain, which is now called the Spirits' Mountain, formerly belonged to the Knights Templar, -who were warlike monks. After Soiia had been conquered from the Moors, the Tang sent forthoTeaiplary to come from a distant land to defend the city on the side next to the bridge, thus wounding the feelings of the nobility of Castile, who. as they had conquered the city, were capable of defending it without any outside help. Therefore the Knights of that new and powerful religions order and the 'vr noblemen of the city were on bad terms for several years, and finally this feeling deepened to a profound hatred. " The Templars had iliis part of the mountain set aside as a preserve ft»r j game to satisfy their wants and con tribute to their pleasure : while the nobles determined to organise a grand hunt in . the inelosure, in spite of the ijScseyerfe prohibitioas of the monks with ||§?spears--as they styled their enemies. Sr?£The news spread fast ; but the noble 'inen determined to carry out their purpose, though they knew that the Knights Templar intended, if possible, to put a stop to their sport. The ex p.edition was carried out, but they never once thought of the game, for they fought with one another, and -many a poor mother had to mourn the loss of her son. Instead of a hunt there was a frightful battle:the moun tain was strewn with corpses, and the wolves they had desired to exter minate enjoyeda bloody feast. " Finally the king interfered, and commanded that the mountain, the cause of so much misfortune, should be abandoned- So the monks' chapel situated on the mountain, and wherein friends and enemies were buried to gether, gradually fell into rums. But ever since, on All Souls' Eve, the chapel bell tolls forthe dead 9 and the ghosts, enveloped in their shrouds, roam around through the woods and bushes, as though engaged in some fantastic hunting expedition. The deer fly before them, bleating with fear, the serpents hiss fearfully, and on the following day the footprints of the fleshlcss ghosts are seen ou the snow. Therefore in Soria we call it the Spirits' Mountain, and for that reason X have thought best to leave it before night sets in." Alonso finished his -story just as the ts"o young people reached the end. of -ti*» which extends to the city on the other side. 'i'hey waited for the rest of the ealvacade to join them, and all entered together the warm dark streets of Soria. The servants had just cleared the table, and a bright iire was playing in the Gotliie fireplace, shedding its glow ou several groups of ladies and gentlemen, who were talking around the hearth, while the wind beat against the windows. Only two per sons did not take part in the general conversation, Beatriz and Alonso. Beatriz was watching the flickering j flames, absorbed in her own thoughts j while Alonso was gasing admiringly I at her blue eyes. Both have been silent for some time. The old women : were telling blood-curdling stories about ghosts and spirits, while the church bells of Storia were tolling for the dead with a sad and doleful sound. " My lovely cousin,'* finally ex claimed. Alonso, breaking the deep silence, " we are soon to separate, perhaps for ever- You do not like the arid plains of Castile, its severe and warlike customs, its simple, pat riarchal habits, I know full welL I have heard you sigh several thnes, and perhaps it is for some lover you have left in your far-off home." j Beatriz made a gesture of indiffer- j enee, and her disposition was re-1 vealed in the seorcfnl curl of her Hp. .'Perhaps you are sighing for the pomps of the French court, where you have lived np to the present time," the young master hastened to say. "Anyway. X foresee that I shall soon, lose von ; and when we separate I would like to have you carry away a. remembrance of me. Do you re member when we went to church to give thanks to God for liaving restored your health, which you came to seek here? The jewel tliat fastened the plume in my cap attracted your attention. How well it would look in your dark hair, coniiningyour veil It has already been used for that purpose hy a bride; for my father gave^t to my mother, and she wore it to the altar- "Would vou like to have it?" \- "I do not know how it is in your country ; but- in mine, if one receives j a present, it is binding- Only on 1 holiday can one receive a present i from a relative-who can even go to Borne without coining back with empty hands." The scornful tone in which Beatriz pronounced these words disturbed the young man a little, but finally re covering himself, he said in a sad tone : " I am aware of It. cousin: but to-day is All Souls' Day, and your uameday, as well as that of others ; so It is a fitting time to receive gifts, I assure you. Will you accept this from me?" Beatriz slightly bit her Hp, and ex tended her hand to take the jewel, without saying a word. The two jowg-people again remained silent. though the old women's voices could be heard as they went on talking ; about"wishes and ghosts, while the howling of the wind as it shook .the casements, and the tolling o£ the hdls still continued. After a few minutes Alonzo con tiued ; "Before the end of All Souls'j Day, which is my nameday as "well as yours, you niaj" givo mo a present; ?without compromising yourself. Will you not do so ?" urged Alonzo, fixing . bis ' eyes on. liis cousin's which' gleamed /brightly as a diabolical thought flashed through her mind. " AYhy not?" slieexclaimed, carry lng her hand to her riglit shoulder, as though, seeking for something amid the folds of Lor wide velvet sleeve em broidered "with gold. . TIIPTI, with a childish air of disappointment, she \ added: j "Do you recollect the blue ribbon j I wore to-day on the hunting expedi- ! lion, and which you said was the em blem of your soul on account of its color ?" "Yes. I do." " "Well, I have lost it, and I wan ted to give it to you as a souvenir." " AVhere was it lost ?" inquired Alonso, raising himself in his seat, with an indescribable expression of mingled fear and hope. " 1 do not know, perhaps on the mountain." " On the Spirits' Mountain he murmured, turning pale, and throw ing himself back in Ins chair, " on the Spirits' Mountain!" Then lie went on in a harsh trembling tone : "Youknow, for you have heard' everybody say so times without num bers, that I am called king of hunts men throughout Castile. As I have not yet been able to try my strength in battle, as my ancestors have done, I have exerted, in that pastime of warlike sport all the liereditaiy ardor of my race and all the strength of which I am possessed. The mat under j our feet is the skin of a wild annual I slew with my own hands. I know its haunts and its habits: I have fought against them day and night, on foot and on horseback, alone and together with other huntsmen, and nobody can say I ever shrank from danger at any time. On any other night I would fly to bring you that ribbon, and woidd do so joyfully ; but to-night, yes, to-night-why sliould I.hide it from, you ?-I am afraid. Do you not hear the bells tolling ? The hour for evening prayer has sh uck at San Juan del Dueto ; the ghosts begin to emerge from their graves, curdling the blood of anyone who beholds thein, turning his hair gray, or dragging him off in the wlurl of their fantastic dance, as a leaf is swept along- by the breeze." An almost imperceptible smile curled Beatrix's lips while the yotuig man was talking, and she exclaimed in an indifferent tone after he ceased, meanwhile stoning the fire so that the bright sparks Hew out : " Oh, no indeed ! How silly 1 Don't think of going to the mountain now after such a triile I On such a dark night, too, when the ghosts are abroad und the road is full of wolves I" As she spoke these last words, she emphasied them so that Alonso could not fail to understand her bitter iron}'. As though mechanically, he arose, passed his hand over his forehead as though to dispel the fear he felt mentally, but not in his heart, and in a firm tone he said, addressing the beautiful girl, who was still amusing herself by stirring tin? lire on the hearth : " Farewell, Beatrix, fare well I If I return it will be soon." " Alonso, Alonso," she ssid, turn ing'around rapidly: but when she desired to detain him, or appeared to do so, the young man had already disappeared. Soon after, the sound of his horse's hoofs was heard as he galloped oJL The proud beauty, with a radiant look of gratified vanity lighting her face, listened attentively to the sound until it died away, though the church bells kept on their lugubrious tolling. An iiour, two, and three, elapsed and midnight struck as Ueatriz retired to her oratory: but Alonso had not returned yet though he had had plenty of time to go and come back. " Perhaps he was afraid!" the young girl exclaimed, closing her prayer book after vainly endeavoring to murmur some of the prayers the Church dedicates to All Souls' Day, for the spirits of those that have passed away. After putting out the lamp, and drawing the silk curtains around her bed she fell asleep. But her sleep was restless and uneasy. The postern clock struck twelve, and Beatrix could hear its slow, sad strokes, and half opened her eyes. She thought that she had heard someone call her at the same time, in a faint, suffering accent The wind still moaned and shook the case ment. "It must be the wind," she said, putting her hand to her heart and trying to calm herself- But her heart kept on beating wildly. The doors of the oratory creaked noisily on their hinges. First one, and then all that opened into her apartment, were opened and closed with a harsh, sad sound, like a deep groan, setting her nerves on edge. Then a silence ensued, a silence full of strange sounds, the silence of midnight There was a dull murmur of distant water, the barking of dogs in the distance, confused tones, unin telligible words aud echoes of foot steps coming and going. Then fol lowed the rustling of trailing gar ments, half- suppressed sighs, and the labored breatlnngwliiclione feels, with involuntary shudders, announces the presence of something that cannot be seen, though its approach is felt in the darkness. Beatrix trembling thrust her head out from the curtains, and listened for a moment She could hear many strange sounds, but, passingher hand over her brow, she listened iigain, but all was now still and quiet. Her pupils were dilated and she seemed to see shapes moving aro und all over the Tooni; but as she fixed her eyes more closely, she perceived that the dark ness was impenetrable and it was due to her imagination. "Bali," she said, resting her lovely head again on the pillow, " can I be as timid as those poor souls, whose hearts beat with terror under their armor ou hearing some ghost stoiy " So, closing her eyes, site tried to go to sleep, but in vain did she endeavor to calm herself. She again started up pale, uneasy, and more terrified than ever. This time it was no illusion, the brocado porltt'rex over the door had rustled as they were jmshed aside and she could hear heavy footsteps on the carpet. The sound tliey made was dull and almost imperceptible, but continuous, and as they moved along she could hear something creaking, like dry wood or bones. The footfalls drew nearer, and the prayer desk near her bed moved. Beatriz uttered a.sharp cry, and, burvingher self under the clothes, hid her "head ancl lieldher breath. -' The wind beat against the casement ?while the monotonous flew of the . fountain, could be beard fromafar. and ; the barking of dogs, as -well as the j church hells of Soria some near,souie .further ».££, while they sadly tolled foir | the dead. Thus the niglit passed oh. and to Beatrix it seemed as though it would never eome to an end. Finally the first faint rajs of dawn lighted hp the sky, aud she opened her eyes and recovered her self-possession. After a sleepless night: of terror Low beautiful seems the bright, clear morning light I She drew back the curtains of her bed, and was about to laugh at her terror of the previous night, when suddenly a cold perspira tion broke out on her forehead, her eyes seemed starting from their sockets, and a deadly pallor over spread her cheeks ; for on her prayer desk she beheld the blue ribbon stained with blood, the blue ribbon Alonso had gone in request of. "When the friglitened attendants rushed in to inform her of the death, of Alonso-the first-born of the count of Alardiel-whose body, partly de voured by the wolves, had been found on the Spirits' Mountain, they found Beatrix motionless and rigid, clinging with both hands to the ebonj bed-posts, her eyes startling from their sockets, her mouth half opened, her lips white, and her body cold and stiff, for she was dead ! Beatrix had died of fright. They say that some time after this event took place a huntsman, who had lost his -way, and been obliged to spend All Souls' Eve on tlie Spirits' Mountain, told on the day before he died some of the horrible sights he had seen there. Among other things he said he had seen the fleshless bodies of the Ancient Knights Templar and' the Soria noblemen that were buried in the chapel, on the stroke of twelve arise from their graves "with a terrible clamor, and, mounted on their skele ton steeds, wildly pursue a beautiful woman, who-pale, with dishevelled locks, and her feet bare and bleeding -was roaming around the unfortu nate Alonso's tomb with wild and fearful ones. -Iromtue bpamsli of j Gustavo Adolplio Becquer. 