continued kkom satl'kday s [am. moms ass^-hvfefc. ..NAJDA OTE LILY. "by h. kider haggard. j'CoPYKiGHr, 1S91. By H, Ii»D5tt Si'ioAUD. CHAPTER XXXIL ZmiA Qoy&s; 10 the King— .Dingaaa "the- king sat upon a any in. the Tctnal Umgugundhlova, waiting till his should return from the Income that is ftow named the Blood River. Ho had sent them thither to destroy the laager of the Boers, and thence, as he thought, they should ' presently return with victory, IcflV fre sat in the kraal, watching the vVilttres wheel above the Hill of Slaughterer, and round him stood a regiment. • My feirds are hungry,' he said to a coun selled ■ ' Doubtless there shall soon be meat to < feed them, U King!' the couns«sf.<Sf Ans wered. I As he spoke one eade hear, saying that a woman sought leave to speak to the king upon «crss great matter. !' Let her come,' he answered ; 'I am sick for tidings, perhaps she can tell of the impi.' , Presently the woman was led in. She was ■■ tall and fair, and she held two children by I the hand. I ' What is tlfcue errand?' asVfed YMugaan. 'Justice, 0 King-,'she'Answered. , ' Ask for blood, itshall be easier to find.' "•I ask blood, O Ring.' ' The blood of- whom V ' Tho blood of Bulalio the Slanghterer. Chief of the People of the Axe, the Wfifsd of Nada' tlieLilv, and of all those cling to her.' 1 Now Dingaan sprtttg "P and swore an oath* by the bf?sd of the Black One who was gone. '.What?1 he cried, 1 does "the Lily, then, live as the captain thought V ' She lives, 0 King. She is wife, te 't^ie Slaughterer, and because of hct 'wftolicraft he has put nie, his first wi&}> away against all law and honor. TfieVtilore I ask vengeance °'j the witch ana Vttigeance also on him who was my h<ts\\)and.' . * ThoU art a good wife,' said the king, S?'Ay my watching spirit save mo from such a one. Hearken ! I would gladly grant thv desire, for I too, hate this Slaugterer, and I, too, would crush this Lily. Yot, wotoiU, thou cornest in a bad hour. Here I IrtVe b'tAt one regiment,and Itbiuk that tfoo Slaughterer may takg some killings Wait till my impis return from wiping Uut the white .Ataaboona, Mid it shall be as thou dost desire. "Whose are those children V r They are my children and!the"children of Bul,ilio, who was my husband.' ' Tlie children of him whom thou wouMst cause to be slain.' ' Yea. King.' ' Surely, woman, thou nrt as a hiothcr as wife !' said DingBato. vKo\v I hsve spoken —begone.-V Bet tfci licairb of Zinita Was hungry for ^fettpoo.nce, vengeance swift and terrible, on the Lily, who lay in her- place, and on her husband, who had thrust her aside for the Lily's sake. She did not desire to wait—no, not even for an hour. ' Hearken, O King,' she cried, ' the tale is not yet all told. This man, Bulalio, plots against thy throne with Mopo. son of Make dam,i, who was thy councillor.1 ' He plots against my thrnno, woman ? The lizsrd plots against the cliff on which it suns itself? Then let him plot} and as for Mopo, I will catch him yet!' ... ' les, 0 King ! but that is not ail the tale. This man has another namfe—he is battled Uinslopogaas, son of Mopo. Btti. lie is ho. son of Mopo; he is son ttt v\Vc Black One who is dead, the. ti\isvn'ty king who was thy brother, by Baleka, sister to Mopo. Yes I know it from the lips of Mopo. I know all thebaic. He is heir to thy throne by blood. O King, nnd thou sittest in his place.' For a little while Dingaan sat astounded. Then he commanded Zinita to draw near and tell him that tale. Now, behind the stool ott Which he sat stood two counsellors ttivly, nobles whom Dingaan loved* ahdt. these alone had heard the last .words Uf Zinita. He bade these nobles stivtict in front of him, out of earshot and r.T,'ay from every other man. Then «?ihita draw near, and told Dingaan the tale of the birth of Umslopogaas and all that fol lowed, and, by many a token and many a deed of Chaka's that he remembered, Dingaan the king knew that it was a true Btory. ■When at length she had. dohC, he sum moned the captain of the teglftieht that stood around ; he Wag a great man named Faku, and he also summoned certain men who do the king's bidding. To the captain of the impi he spoke sharply, saying— ' Take three companies and guides, and come by n:ght to* the town of the People of the Axe, that is by Ghost Mountain, and burn it, and slay all thB wizards who sleep therein. • Most of all, slay the Chief of the People, who is named Bulalio the Slaughterer or L'mslopogaas. Kill him by torture if you may, but kill him and bring his head to me. Take that wife of his, who is known as Nada j the Lily, alive if ye can, and bring her to me, for I would cause her to be slain here: Bring the cattle also. Now go, and go swiftly tilts hour. If ye return, having failed in one lot of my command, ye die, every one of you—ye die, and slowly. Be gone !' The captain saluted, and, running to his regiment, issued a command. Three full companies leapt; forward at his word, and ran after him through the gates of the kraal Umgugundhlovu, heading for the Ghost Mountain. Then Dingaan called to those who ds the king's bidding, and, pointing to the two nobles, his counsellors, who had heard the words of Zinita, commanded that they should be killed. The noblbs heard, and, having saluted the king, covered their faces, knowing that they must die because they had learned too much. So they were killed. Now it was one of these counsellors who said that doubt lass meat would soon be found to feed the king's birds. Then the king commanded those who do his bidding that they should take the chil dren of Zinita and make away with them. But when Zinita heard this she cried aloud, for 6he lo\ ed her children. Then Dingain mocked her. ' What V he said, ' art thou a fool as well as wicked ? Thou sayest that thy husband, I whom thou hast given to death, is born of j one who is dead, and is heir to my throne. Thou sayest also that these children are born of him ; therefore, when he is dead,they will be heirs to my throne. Am I then mad that I should suffer them to live ? Woman, thou hast fallen into -thine own trap. Take them away.' Now Zinita tasted of the oup which she had brewed for othor lips, and grew distraught in her misery, and wrung her hands, crying that she repented her of the evil and would warn Umslopogaas and the Lily of that which awaited them. And she turned to run to wards the gates. But the king laughed and nodded, and they brought her back, and pre sently she was dead also. Thus, then, my father, prospered the wickedness of Zinita, the head wife of Um slopogaas my fosterling. Now, these were the lastslayings that were wrought at the kraal Umgugundhlovu, for just as Dingaan had made an end of them and once more .grew weary, he lifted his eyes asd saiv the hillside black with men, who by their dress were of his own impi—men whom ho had sent out against the Boers. And yet where was tlie proud array, where the plumes and shields, where the song of victory ? Here, indeed, were soldiers, but they walked in groups like women and hung their heads like chidden children. Then he learned the truth. The impi had been defeated by the banks of the Income ; thousands had perished at the laager,'mowed dowu by the guns of the Boers, thousands more had been drowned in the Income, till the waters were red and the bodies of the slain pushed each other under, and those who still lived walked upon them. Ding/tan heard, and was seized with fear, for it was said that the Amaboona followed fast on tho traek of the conquered. Thai- day ho lied to the bush on the Black Umfolozi River, and that night the sky was crimson, with tho burning of the kraal Um gugundhlovu, where the Elephant should trumpet no more, and the vultures were scared from the Hill of Slaughter by the roariHg of the flames. Galazi sat on the lap of the stone Witch, gazing towards tho wide plains below, that were yet white with the moon, though the night grew towards tho morning. Gre/snout whined at his Hide, and Deathgrip thrust his mszzle into his hand ; but Galaai took no hacdj'for ho >vau brooding on tlje-fall of Uirj ^opogass from the man that he Had been co the level of a woman's slave, and, on the breakin^up of the People of the ,.Axo( Tr eatise of tha coming .of TSi ail the women and children ;&wVe; gone to this Feast of Women'. v.'ould not return for long, arid it sBemed to Galazi that many of the men had slipped awny also, as though (hey had smelt some danger from afar. ' Ah, Deathgrip,' said Gulaxi aioud to the wild brute 'at his aid*, ' elktiged is the Wolf King my brother, all changed because of a woman's kis?. jNow he hunts r/o ifTobe, ho more-shall Qroan-Mahtt fee aloft; it is a woman s kiss h'e craves, not the touch of your rough toligue, it is a' woman's hand he holds, iiot the smooth haft of horn, he who of all men, was the fiercest of the first'; for this last shame has overtaken him, Surely Chaka was a great king though an evil, and he showed his greatness when ho forbade mar riage to the wntriora, marriage that makes the hv^rt soft and turns blood to water.' ' : Now Galazi ceased, and gazed idly towards the kraal of the People of the A.te, and as he looked his eyes caught a gleam of light that seemed fcc travel in and out of the edge of shadow of the Ghost Mountain as a woman's needle travels through a skin; now Been aud now lost in the skin.'. ;He started aml watched,. All! there the 1 light cattle out,froirt ilie shadow: Now, by CnakVJi freSc^ it was the light of spears ,! .<Me'ifedttient nirire'-Galazi watched. It | wits ii little impi, perhaps they numbered two hundred men, running silently, but not: to battle, for they wore ;»»• pliimesi Yet tliey went out to kill, far .they ran in:coiu ; panics, and each l'tian carried assegais and a ; sh[?ld, ' ' ' 1 Galazt had heard tell of such impis I that nunt by.nighfc, and- he knew well that tnese were the king's dogs,, .and their game wjis rnoa, a big fcraal of sleeping then, other wise there h--id been fewer dogs, Is a whole pack sent out to catch an ontelopu oil its form ? Galasi won.leFed whom they Bought, nofr "thfey turned to the ford, and he i xnGTr. It was bis brother Umslopogaas and £<ada the Lily and the Peoplo of tho Axe. These were the king's dogs, aud Zinitu had let them slip.. For this reason she had called a feast of women, aiid taken the children with her; for this reason so many had been summoned from the kraal by onvi means ftrtd the other ; it was,that tiley might escnjie the slaughter, .GftlaKi (wiiiideii hi'his frfrft ifioinent 've -ViiiliV lioc these hunters be h\iWd-'a ] Oould he not destroy them by the jaws of the wolves as once before they had destroyed a certain impi of the king's. Ay, if he had seen them but one hour befotet then scarcely a man of fciiehi should have lived to reach the Stream, for he Would hate waylaid them with his wolves, fiut now it might liut be > the soldiers : tho lortV, and Galaisi; kiieWwb'i jiiHt Hia/grey heobk ^U.Wl the further friain,: though ''\\-i 1 'lear" one reason 'only, that Which was given him by the lips' of the dead in n dream. . . , What, then, might.' be done ? One thing alone ; warn Umslopogaas. . Yet how 1 For liim who could swim a rushing river, there was, indeed, a swifter way to the place of the People of the Axe—a way that was to the path of the impi as is the bow-string to the strong . '^nc' yefcthey had travelled well* nigh half the length of the bow. ^ Still,' he. might do it, lie whose feet were the swiftest in the ; land, except those of Umslopogiias. At the least, he would "try. Mayhap* "the impi 1 would tarry to drink at the ford. So Galasi thought in'-his': heart,' and his I thought was swift as'the'light. ' Then with a bouhd he svas away down.the mountain side. From boulder to bouidbf he leaded lite a buck-JVeSriUhed through the brake like a bull; lie skimmed the level like a swallow. ! The mountain was done with now ; there in the front lay the yellow river foaming'in its flood, so he had swum it before, All ! a good leap far out into the torrent; it was strong, but be breasted it. He was through, he stood upon the bank shaking the water from him like a dog, and now he was away up the narrow gorges Of stone to the long slope, run ning low as his wolves ran. Before liim was the, town:—one side shone silver with the sinking moon, one was grey with the breaking■-dawn. ■ Ah ! they were there, he saw them moving through the grass by the eastern gate ; he saw^ the long lines of slayers creep to tho left and the right. How could he p.-iBS.them before the circle of death was drawn?- Six spear- throws to run, and they had but suoli a little wav.! The mealie-pliints were tail, and at a"'spot they, almost touched the fence. .Up the path I Coiild UmslopjgSas, his brother, move niore fast,, he wondered,than the Wolf who sped to save him ? He was there, hidden by the mealie stalks, and thdre, along'th'e -fence to the right aud to tho left,, the. slayers crept.: ' Wow ! What was that V said one soldier I of the king to another man as they':joined their guard completing the death circle. 'VVow ! something great and black crashed through the fencs before me.'. ; ' 'I heard it brother.' answered the other man. 'I heard it, but I saw..-nothing.'- It must have been a dog ; no man could leap so high.' •' ' More like a wolf,' said the first; ' at the least, let us pray that it was not an ' Esodowan' * who will put us into the hole in its back. Is your tire*, ready, brother? ' Wow !' these wizards shall wake wirm ; the signal should be soon.' / Then arose .the sound of. a great'voice eying. 'Awake, ye sleepers, :the foe'is at your gates !' : CUAPTER XXXIII. The: End of the People, Black ajjd : ' Ghev. Galazi rushed through the , town crying aloud, and behind him rose the stir of men. All slept and no sentinels were set, for Um slopogaas was so lost in his love for tile Lily that he forgot his wisdom, and thought no more of war or death or of tho fate of Dingaatu Presently the Wolf came to the large new hut which Umslopogaas had caused to be built for Nad a the Lily, and entered it, for there ho knew that he should find his' brother Bulalio. On the far side of tho hut the two lay sleeping, and the head of Um slopogaas rested on the Lily's breast, and by his side gleamed the great nxe Groan-Maker. ' Awake !' cried the Wolf. ! Now Umslopouaas sprang to his feet grasping at his axe,-but Nada threw her arms wide, murmuring : ' Let me sleep on, sweet is sleep.' • 'Sound shall, ye'.sleep ' anon !' gasped Galazi. ' Swift, brother, bind on the wolf's hide, take shield 1 Swift, I say—the Slayers >'f the king are at your gates !' Now Nada sprang up also, and they did his bidding like people in a dream ; and, while they found their garments and a shield, Galazi took beer and drank it, and his breath came back to him. They stood without the hut. Now the sky was grey, and east and west and north and south tongues of flame shot up against the sky, for the town was fired by the Slayers. Unihlopugaas looked and his lense came back to him: he understood. 'Which way, brother V he said. ' ' Through them to our Grey People "on.the mountain,' taid Galazi. ' There, if we can win it, we shall find succour.' ' What of my people in the kraal ?' asked Uinslopogaas. 1 They are not many, brother ; the women and the children are gone. I have wakened the men—most' will escape. Hence, ero we burn !'. Kow they run towards the fence, and as they went men joined them to the number of ten. half awakened, fear-stricken, armed— some with spe»rn, some with clubs—and for the most part naked. . They ran together towards the fence of the town that was now but a ring of fire, Umslopogaasand Galazi in front, each holding the Lily by a hand. They neared the fence—from wit hou t. came t h e shouts of the Slayers—lo ? it was afire. Nada shrank back in fear, but Umslopogaas and Galazi dragged her on. They rushed at the blazing fence, smiting-with axe and club. It broke beforethem.tbey wentthrouehbufc!i).tle harmed. Without were a knot of the Slayers, standing hack a small space because of tho heat cf the fire. The Slayers saw them, and crying, ' This is Bulalio, kill tho wizard?' Bprang towards tliem with uplifted spears. Now the People of tho Axe made a ring I round Nada, and in the i"roiit of ifc were Um I slopogaa's aiid Galazi. Then they rushed on and met those of the Slayers who stood before them, and tho Slayers were swept away and scattered by Groan-Maker and the Watcher, as dust'is swept of a wind, as glass is swept by a sickle.' , ' ' They were through with only one man slain, but theory went up,, that the chief of' the wizards and the Lily, his wife, had fled. Then, as.it was these wlmpi lie was chiefly charged to kill, the captain called off the Slayers from ivatching for dwellers in the town, and started in pursuit of TJmslogogaas. *A fabulous animal, reported by the Zulus to carry off human beings in a hole in its back. Now, nt this time nearly a hundred men of the Peoplti of the Axe had been killed and of the Slayers some fifty men, for, having been awakened by tho crying of Galazi, the soldiers of the axe fought bravely, though none saw where his brother stood, and none knew whether their chief had lied except those foil who went ivith the brethren. Meanwhile, the Wolf*Bretliren and those with them were well away, Mid it had been eAsV' 'lot- them . to-.' esttatjei - #ho i*".ef0" the s-vviftt-sWoBtbti of any in the Una. But the" pace of an irapi is the pace of its slowest footed soldior, andNtida could not run with the Wolf-Brethren. Yet they made good speed,and were half way down the gorge that led to the river before the companies of the Slayers poured into it. Now, they camo to thi end of it; and the foe was near—this end of ti'iB gorge 13 harrow, jiny. lather," .'like the neck of a gourd—then Galazi stopped and |spoke— • • ' ■ ' Halt! ye People of the Axe,' ho cried, I'nnd let us talk a while with those who (follow till■ we find our breath, again., ; But | you, my brother, pass the river with the Lily in your hand. We will join you in, the forest! but if perchance we cannot find you, you know whtit must be done! set the Lily Itt tli'e ctive; theti return and call up,the grey irnpi. ' Wow !' tiny brother; I must find you if I may, for if these men of Dingaan Have' a mind for sport there ,shall be such a hunting on the Ghost Mountain as :he old Witch has not seen. Go now, my brother,J1 ■■■. ■' It is not my wiy tt! tUtn aild i'Uti wiiiio others stand and fight,'growled Umslopogaas; 'yet, because of JTada. it jscetu§ L'linil.iniuni.'' j *UK! hied nie not, my lovo,'said.Nad;i, 'I have brought the sorrow—I: am' wenry,' let me die ; slay me and save yourselves !' For answer; Umslopogaas took ber'fiy'tKo hand and fled.towards the river; but before he reached it lie heard the sounds of the fray, the war-cry of the Slayer's ks they poured upon the People of the Axe, the howl of his brother, the WDlf, when the battlejoinod— ay, and the crash of the Watcher as the bjow went homo. ' Well bitten, Wolf!' he Baid, stopping ' that one shull need no more ; oh ! that I •■night'—■ But again he looked at Nada, and sped oh. . Nmv fliey had leaped into t'16 /o.'ifiiing rlVet;-, ithd hter'e it wiis wbll thitt the tiiiy colild Swliiv. bls6.Both hsd jdeeli: iHsfc: But . tllfejr Vvo'.i Utlollljli tllla jjassfiu ForU'iirif tb Llitj mountain flank. Here they walked on »taot]g the trees till the forest was almost passed, 8hd at length Umslopogaas heard the howling of a wolf. Then he must Bet Nods on hisslipuldefs ftnd ■ Oarty hfii! a§ 0hc8 QaUsi had carried another; for it tvrts detith for atiy esfcejit tlio Wolf-Brethreti to ttalk oil thte Ghost Motin wqltfe'S, wei-e flfrakfe; -,.Presently tjife wblr&s; flocked SvoUnd him^,' and leaped Upon him in joy, glilriiig ifrith fierce eyes at her whosat upon his shoulders. Nad.i saw them, and almost fell from her sea.t, fainting with fear, for the}' were many and dreadful, and when they howled her blood turned" to ice. But Umslopogaas cheered her, telling her that these were his dogs with whom he went out hunting, and with whom heshouldhuntpresenfly. Atlength they came, to the knees of the . Old Witch i-ud the entrance to tho cave. It was empty except for a wolf or- two, for Galazi abode here seldom now, but when .he was on the mountain would sleep in the' fordst, which was nearer the f,kraal of his brother the Slaughterer. • Here you must bide,; sweet,' said Um slop-igaas when he had driven'' out the wolves. 1 Here you must rest till this little ttiattUr <lf tliti Slayers is • finished: Would fha^ we had brought food, but we' had little time to seek it 1 See, now' I' will show you the secret of the stone; thus far I will push it, iio farther. Now a touch only is needed to stand it over the socket and home; but then they must be two strong men who can pull'it back again. 'Therefore, push it no farther'excejit in the utmost need, lest it re main where it fall,whetheryou will;it or not. Have no fear, you are safe here; none know of this place except Galazij'I.-and the wolves,' and none, shall find it. Now I must be going to find Galazi, if he still lives; if not, to make what play lean against the Slayers, alone with the wolves.' Npw.Nada wept, saying that she feared to be left, and that she should never see him more, and her grief wrung his heart. Neverthe less,: lie kissed her and went, cloning the stone after htm in that fashion of which he had spoken. When the stone was closed tile cave was almost dark, except for a ray of light that entered by a whole little larger thaiv a man s hand, that, looked at from within, was on the right of the stone. Nada sat herself so that this ray of light struck full on her, for she loved light, and without it she ivouid pine as flowers do. There she ■Sivt and thought in the .darksome . cave, and was filled with fear and sorrow. And while she. brooded thus, suddenly the riy went out, and she heard a noise as of some beast that smells at prey.; She looked, and in the gloorii she saw the sharp nose and grinning fnngs of a wolf that were thrust towards her through the little hole. Nada cried nloud in fear, and the fangs were snatched back, but presently she hoard a scratching without the cave, and saw the stone shake. Then she thought in her foolishness that the wolf knew how to open the stone, and that he would do this, and devour her, for she had heard the tale that all these wolvis were the ghosts of evil men, having the understanding" of men. So, in her fear and' folly, she seized the rock and on it as Umslopogaas had shown Jut how to do. It shook, it slipped over the socket ledge, and rolled home like a pebble down the mouth of a gourd. t ' Now I am safe from the wolves ' said Nada. . ' See, I cannot sn much as stir tho stone from within, and still less can they do so from without.' And she laughed a little, then ceased from laughing and spoke again. ' Yet it would be ill if Umslopogaas came back no more to roll away th.-t rock, for then I should be like one in a grave—as one who is placed in » grave being yet'strong and quick.' She shuddered as she thought of it, but presently started up and set her ear to the hole to listen, for from far down the mountain there rose a mighty howling and a din of men. When Umslopogaas had shut the cave, he moved swiftly down tho mountain, and with him went certain of the wolves; not all, for he had not summoned them. His heart'was heavy, for ho feared that Galazi was no more. Also he was mad w'.th rage, and plotted in himself to destroy the Slayers of the king, every man of them; but first he must learn what they would do. Presently, as he wended, he heard a long, low howl far away in the forest; then he rejoiced, for he knew tho call it was the call of Galazi, lvho had escaped the spears of the Slaj era. Swiftly he ran, calling in answer. He won the place. There, seated on a stone resting himself, was Galazi, and round him surged the numbers of the Grey People. Umslo pogaas came to him and . looked at him, for he seemed somewhat weary. ThercJ were flesh wounds on his great breast And arms the little shield was wellhigh hewn to strips,' and the Watcher showed sighs of war. 1 How went it brother 1'. \ asked Umslbpo gaaf. ' None so ill, but all those who stood'with me in the way aro dead, ana with them a few of the foe. I alone am fled like a coward. Tliev came on us thrice, but we held them back till the Lily was safe; then, all our men being down, Iran, Umsl ipogaas, and swam the torrent,' for I was minded to die here in my own' place.' Now, though he said little of it, I mUHt tell you, my father, that Galazi had made a great slaughter there in the neck of the donga. Afterwards I counted the slain, and they were many ; the nine men of the People of the Axe were hidden in them. ' Perhaps it shall bo the Slayers who did, brother.' L .1 > ' ■ - ' ' Perhaps, at least, there shall be death for some. Still it is in my mind, Slaughterer, that our brotherhood comes to an end,forthe fate of him who . bears the Watcher, and which my father foretold is upon me. Tf so, farewell. While it lasted our friendship has been good^ and its ending. sbnlL' be good. Moreover, it would have endured for many a year to dome had you not sought,Slaughteror, [ to make good better, and to complete our joy of fellowship and war with the love of women. From that source come these ilia, as a river from a spring ; but so it was fated. If I fall in this fray may you yet live on to fight in many another, and at thelast to die gloriously with axe aloft ; and may you find a brisker man and a better Watcher to serve you in your need. Should you fall and I live on, I promise this : I will avenge you to the last and guard the Lily whom you hive, offering her comfort, bub no more. Now the foe draws on, they have travelled round about by the ford, for they dared not face the torrent, and they cried ta me that they are sworn to sky u.i or bo slain, as D(ngaan, llifo Jilug, commanded. So tho fighting will bo of tho best, if, indeed,.they du^not run bofovo tin? fangs of tlie Grey People. Suit, Chief, Bpoak your word that I may obey it.' Thus Gakzi spoko in 'the cirolo of the wolves, while Unislopogaas loaned upon his nso Gronn-Mftkor, mid listened to liim, ny,' and wept us he listened, for lifter tho Lily tmd uie, Mopo, ho loved Galazi most of nil who lived. Then he finsttcred— ' Were it hot for Olid in tho cavo above, who is helpless ftnd tondor, I would s\vcat; to you, Wolf, that if you full, on your carcase I will die ; and I do swear that, should you fall, while I live Groan-Maker shall bo busy from year to year till every man of yonder ithpi is ns you (ire. Perchance I did ill, Qakiii, when first I haarkoned to tiio words of Zinitn arid suffered ftomGii to dome between us. May we ono day find a land wherG there aro no women, and war only, for in that land wo shall grow great. But now, at tho least, we will make a good end to this, fellowship, mid tlie Grey People shall fight their fill, and tho old Witch who sits aloft (raiting for the world die ahull smilo to Bee that tight, if she never smiled before. This is my word : that Wo fall tipbn thnitien of Din^aan twice, oiled in the glade of the forest srhitfier they will coine presently, and, if w;e are beateli fback.'tKen .wo will 3tand for the lust time on the; knees of. the Witch in front of; the cave where .Nada is. Say,' Wolf, will tho Grey rolk.'fiKht?': ■ , . •f To fcliy Ijtsl/.brdbHor, 30 Ion# s's tfhc is left to lead them, lifter, that 1 do nojtknott-^ .Still .«jj6vJl^v«'ohIy fangs fo Bet' agiunst/spe-ars.; Slaughterer, your plan isgood.Come, I am ; rested.': : : ' 1 . ' ' So they rose and numbered their flock, and 'Till'were there, though it was not ah it had beeti years,ugo when first the. wolf-brethren hunted ,011 Ghost Mountain ; for ninny - of tho wolves had died by men's spears when xhey- harried the kraals of man, :a»d'no'young were born to them. Then, as once before, the pack was halved, and half, the she wolve.s, went with Uinslopogaas, and half,tho dog'wolves went with Galazl. Now they passed down the forest paths and hid ill the tllngle of the thickets at the head of the darksome gle'i, one on each side of the glen. Here they waited Mil they heard the footfall of tho impi of the king's Slayers,as it tialiie slowly along seeking tlieilV. In front yf tliti Hilpi tt-iitit tttu aoldi«M watching f °.r. an ambuill, find thysti two men were the , same who had talked tdgfcfhef that dawn when Galazi sprang between tliett). also the}- talked as they peered this way and j that) then seeing nothing, stood a while in the uiolith of the glen waiting the coming of their compiiny j and their talk came to tho eai-§ Of vinslbgogfias. . ' Ah Hwlill fm'tf,;this; toy brother,' said one. 'I placfe full of gMSl# and strange sounds,'-of hands thtit seenii.to press tis oftckj and wh^jngS a«,6f in'visifrle wolves. It is itemed Gliosf ^fountain,' find well named. Would that the king 'iA& iutybd other business for us than the slaying of th°su ."'''rcerers— for they are sorcerers indeed and this in '.be home of tlieir sorceries. Tell me brother, what was that which leaped between us this morning in the dark ! I say it was a wizard. 'Wow !r they are all wizards. Could any who was but a man have done the deeas which h. who is named the Wolf wrought down by the river yonder, and then have escaped? Had the Axe.but stayed with the Club they would have eaten up our impi.' 'The Axe had a woman to watch,' laughed the other. ' Yes, it is true this is a place of ■ wizards and evil things. Methinks I see the red eyes of the E8edowana glaring at us through the dark of the trees and smell thtjir ■ erllell. i'et these wizards must be caught, fof know this, my brother ! if we return to Dmgugundhlovu with the king's command • undone, then there are stakes hardening in tho f?r<j of which we shall taste the point; If we are all killed in the catch ing, and some, it seems are missing already, yet they must be caught. Say, my brother, shall we craw on 1 The impi is nigh. Would that Faku, our captain- yonder, might find ; two others to take ourr place, for iii this thicket I had rather run last than first. Well, here leads the spoor—a wondrous mass of wolf-spoor mixed with the footprints of men; perhaps they are sometimes the one and sometimes the other—who knows, my brother ? It is a land of glioses and wizards. Lot us on ! Let us on !' Now'all this while the Wolf-Brethren had much ado to keep the'r people quiet,for their jaws watered and their eyes shone at the sight nl the men, and at length it could be dotte no more, for with a howl a single she wolf rushed from her lair and leapt at the throat of the man who spoke, nor did she miss her grip. Down went wolf and man, rolling together on tho ground, and there they killed each other. 1 ' The Esedowana ! the E^edowana are upon us !' cried the other scout, and, turning, fled towards the impi. But ho never camo there,' fur; with fearful howlings the ghost-wolves broke their cover and rushed, upon him from the right and the'left, and lo! there) Was no thing of him left except his spear alone. • Now a low cry of fear rose from the impi, and some tu-ned to fly, but Faku, the cap tain, a great man and a brave, shouted to them, 'Stand firm, children of the king, stand firm, these are no Eaedowana, these 'are but the Wolf- Brethren and their pack What ! will,ye run from dog's ye who have laughed at the spears of men? Ring round ! Stand firm !' '■ The soldiers heard the.voice of their capT tain, and they obeyed his voice, forming a double circle, u ring within a ring. ; They lookud to the right, thtjre, Groan-Maker aloft, the wolf fangs on his brow, the worn wolf-hide streaming on the wind, Bulalio rushed on them like a storm, and with him came his red-eyed company. They looked to the left—<jh, well they know that mighty Watcher 1 Have they not heard his strokes down by the river, and well they know the giant who wields it like a wand, the Wolf King, with the strength of ten ! AVow ! They are here ! See the people black and groy, hear them howl their war-chant! Look how I hey leap like wator—leap in a foam of fangs against a hedge of spears ! The circle is broken ; Groan-Maker has brozen it! Ha ! Galazi also is through the double ring ; now must men stand back to back or perish ! How long did it last 1 Who can say 1 Time flies fast when blows fall thick. At length the .brethren are beaten back; they bre.ik out as they broke in, and are gone, with such of their wolf-folk as were loft alive. But that impi wa « omewhat the worBe, but one third of those lived who looked on the sun without the forest; the rest lay smitten, torn, mangled, dead, hidden under the heaps of the bodies of wild beasts. ' Now this is a fight of evil spirits that live m the shapes of wolve6. and as for the Wolf Brethren, they are sorcerers of the rarest,' said Faku the captain, 'and such sorcerers I love, for they fight furiously. Yet I will slay them or be slain. At the least, if there be few of us left, the most of the wolves are dead also, and the arms of the wizards grow weary.' So he moved forward up the moun tain with those of the soldiers who remained, and all the way the wolves harried them, pulling down a man here and a mau there ; but though they heard and saw them cheer ing on their pack the WolfBruthren attacked them no more, for they saved their strength for the last fight of all. The road was long up the mountain, and the soldiers knew little of the path, arid ever the ghost-wolves harried on their flanks.. So ir was evening before they came to the feet of the stone Witcli, and began to climb to the platform of her knees. There, on her knees as it were, they saw the Wolf-Brethren stand ing side by side, such a pair as wero notolso wherein the world, and they seemed afire,for the sunset beat; upon them, and the wolves creptVound their feet,red with blood and fire. ' A glorious pair!' quoth great Faku; ' would-thatl fought with them rather, than against them ! Yet, they must'die !' Then thev began to climb to the knees of the Witch. Now Umslopogaas glanced up at the stone 'face'of her who sat aloft, and it was alight with the sunset. ' Said I not that the old Witch should smile at this fray? he cried. 'Lo! she smiles! Up, Galazi, let us send.the remnant of,our people on the foe, and fight this fight out, man to man, with no beast to spoil it 1 Ho ! Blood and Greysnout! ho ! Deathgrip ! ho ! wood dwellera grey and black, at them, my child ren !' Tlie wolves heard ; they were fow arid thoy were sorry to see, with weariness, and wounds, but still they were fierce. With a' how], for the last time they leaped down upon the foe, tearing, harrying, and killing till they thomBelves wore killed by the spear, every one of them except Deathgrip alone, who crept back sorely wounded to die by Galazi. ' Now I am a chief without a people,' said Galazi. 'Well, it has been my lot in life. So it was in the Halakazi kraals, eo it is on Ghost Mountain at the la3t, and so also shall it be even for the greatest kings when, they coino to Hie, Roeiug that' tlfoy, t6b nViiSt dite nfollt: -Sny, Slaughterer,' c'hoosd rrlivfc you will-Htand, id the left or t.o tho riglit.' NoWj my father, Jhi track below separ ated, beeiuiso of a boulder, ."n'd there were two little paths that, led. to the piGtform of the Witch's laioea with, perchance, ten paess ''otwoon them. Umslopogaas guarded the left-hand jmth and Galazi toolc the right. Then they waited, having spears in their hands. Presently tho soldiers came round tho roclc find rushed up against them, soma on one path and somo on the other. - Tliell tlib b'rethrqn hnrlod their apeara at them find killod tliroe Tncw Now the as segais were done, and tho fo£> tfrts 011 them. Uinalopog.'ins bends forward, his 8rm shoots out, tho axe gleama,' and a man wfio c.uno on falls back. 1 O110 !' cries Umslopogaas. 'One, my brother!' answers Galazi; as ho driuVs hack.the Watcher from his blow. A soldier rushes forward, sinking. To and fro ho moves in front of Umslopogaas, Jlis, spear poised' to strike.- Groaii-Maker swoops down, but tho man leaps back, tho blow mikses, nnd tile Slaughterer's guard is du\vn. 1 | A poor stroke. Sorcerer!* cries the ill an iiRjhe rushes in to stab' him. lLf>! the axe wlieols 111 the air,- it Circles swiftly low down by; the ground it .united upward.- Before the apenwtrinivc3n strike ,the horn of Groan Milker 1ih3 xped from chili to brain. , f But a good return, fool !'> says t/mslopo gaas. i ' Two !' cries Giilazi, from the-right. ■ " ' 'f i\ (3 ! my brother,' answers Uinslopogaas. Again two Wen come on, one against, each, find no bettor luck. The cry of '' Three!'' passes from brother to hrotfie/, and after it^ risesf the' cry of Fbii'rT' Now Faku bids the men .who are left-to hold their shields together and push the two from the mouths of the paths, and this they do, losing four more inen atjfche hands of the brethren before it is done. '.Now we are- on the open! Ring them round, and down with them !' cries Faku. But who shall ring ruund Groan-Mnker 'that thines on all sides at once, Groan- Maker who falls heavily no more, but pecks and pecks and pecks like a wood- bird on a tree, and never pecks in vain. Who shall ring round those feet swifter than the Sassaby of the plains? ' Wow He is ' here ? He is there ! He is a sorderer ! Death is in his hand, and death looks out of his eyes ! £jlazi lives yet, for still (here came the . . .TV " the Watcher as it tliundeis on the shield*, and the Wolf's hoarse cry of the number of the 's.:,n' He has a score of wounds, yet he figh'to o,? i h,s '?§ u ™l S . hewn from him with an nxe, ,vethlr fiSh^on! His back is pierced again and a^.n,n: -'c. . le fights on ! But two are left nliro beti,7e. i?' one twists round and spears him through » brio's.- .He heeds it not, but smites down tlio j foe ifi iinfit, Then he turns and, whirling! the Catcher ofl high, brings him down for tho last time,- rtnd so Mighti!? that the man before him iscrtished like an egg. Gala;# brushes the Wood froin his eyes and f/W^c r'oitnd on the dead. 'All! Slaughterer,' lib cries. 'All save iwrf,-' iitf Mother,' com'es the answer, sounding above the clash of steel and the found of smitten shields. Now the Wolf would ccme to him, but cannot, for his life ebbs. ' Fare thee well, my brother ! Death is good ! Thus, indeed, I would die, for'I have made me a iflftt of men to lie on,' ho cried with a great voice, „ i, ' ' .. „ ' Fare t.;ee well ! »Jv;eP softly, _ Wolf! came tho answer. 'All saVsJI18 , Now tiiilazi fell dying on .the de.ia, J)"t- *'? was not altogether gone, for he still spoire. 'All save, one I Ha! ha I ill for that one then when Groan-Maker yet is up. It is well to have lived so to die. 1 Viclory ' Victory And Galafci : the Wolf struggled to his knees and for the last time shook the Watcher about his head, then feli again and died. Umslopogaas, the son of Chaka, and Faku, the captain of Dingaan, gazed on eacli other. They alone were left alive upon the moun tain, for the rest were all de.-vd. Umslopo gaas had many wounds. Faku wa^ unhurt; he was a strong mar, also armed with an axe. Faku laughed aloud. 'So it has come to this, Slaughterer,'he said, ' ihat you and I must, settle whether the king's word be done or no. Well, I will say this, however, it should fall out; I count it a great fortune to baye seen this fight, and the highest of honors to.have had to do with two such warriors. Rest you a little, Slaughterer, before We close. That wolf-brother of yours died well, and if it is given me to conquer in this bout, I will tell the tale from kraal to kraal throughout the land, and it shall be a tale for ever.' . (To be continue'!.) 