A Gilded Youth's Plas?,a5. Oh, tell me of rural glades. Of fresh, free air and sp?tJing rills, And nratC n, mer of sylvan shades, Of seething rivers, sun kissed hills Go, bumpkins, take your fill of them, Whilst I 'mid peaceful pleasuresetray Buch as the tea at five p. V., tho german and the matinee. Lot others.hunt the timid,lroe, The hounding stag, the subtle hare, Whilst I In solitude will go And stalk the oyster in his lair. Let restless spirits hunt the snipe, Of prairie chickens slay a host, And still the plover's pensive pipe ; But give me calm and quail on toast, Go, ribalds, toy with finny tribes, And think to take their lives no sin l But give to me, and spare your gibes, The peaceful joy of terrapin. From babbling brook and rippling rill, Mad roysterersd, go drink ; 'tie vain, I only ask to drink my 11I Of frozen absinthe and champagne. Let coarse young swains in folly stray, With rosy maids with hair a.curl I only ask a neat coupe And supper with a ballet girl. Ye madcap wights, who rise at dawn, Insatinte to dig and delve, I do, nt envy ye ; but on I'll slumber till the hour of twelve. Attune your pipes, attend your flocks, And toot your flutes, if joy it brings I I am content to have a box When Adelina Patti sings. With Chloo fair, nod Phyllis sweet Dispiot ye in your sylvan shrine' An heiress with a fortune neat is much more in my simple line, Go, breathe your incense-laden air With fragrance of the clover blooms t Its odors never can conainre With 31onieiur Lubina nice perfumes, Go revel in thy rose-clad cot, Voluptuary sylbarite, A brown.stonQ, front shall be my lot iteplete wful simple, pure delight, The Last Man.-Thero is one individual that we have always felt great sympathy for, and that is tie last manll in the procession. lie doesn't want to be thelost man, of course, but implacable fate putsihim there and there bheseema to stay. Thera's no way of getting outof it. Did you ever wait long enough to see the last man In a great street parade? Of course there most be a last man in a procession as there is a head man to lend it. lie is that thrice unfortunate individuhlal who closes up the rear. lle grows tired of waiting, long be. fore the procession gets under way, and has balf a mind to break ranks and go home, The crowds press on him and little boys jeer him. Then, as the long procession moves down the street, he is consecious all the time that every body will he weary of the showby the time he comes along, laboriously bringing up the rear, and no matter bow well he may march, no one is going to pay any attention to him. IIlsonly utility eemsto be to keep the big express wagons from crowding on to the fel. lows proceeding him The rear of a long procession always straggles more or less, and it becomes neces. sary for those.composing it to break into a sharp run freqriently, in order to avoid get. ling left altogether, Then it is that the last man has a very distressing time of it. Dogs chase him and bark at his heels, Ile is cnt off by a wagon atacross street, which whips in and prevents his joining the main body, and it he isn't nimble enough to jump over the wagon, he is liable to get mixed up with all sorts of vehbicles and cursed by thedrivere individually and collectively. Sometimes he is coinpelled to make a long detour of side and parallel streets In order to catch up with the procession again. Tho populace are not favorably iseposed to the last man, som w,- Thero is' disposl. tion to hboot at hlb? elad mischievous flluwe have boon known: t thro'r~ebsta~l hi way to trip him up, ?Wd have seen hIm trip on a hoop, stumble an old wheelbarrow, roll over a barrel aid be knocked down flat by an express waong half a block, Youcan't help admiring the poersistency of the man and his evident determination to bring up the rearat whatever personal searl. eice. It is a thankless operation, thoulh., Virginla Tradition.-Once in the life of Overy man he bears the seven whistlers' call. They are strange birds on whom mortal eyes have never rested,the whistle of whose wings sometimes falls upon the startled ear. And thereis always a portent ofsomething momen. tons for good gr evil, even though they may not 'dree their weird " for weeks after the seven whistlers' call. Like all portents, their eoming is mostly in the gloaming. For then, after all, is the " witching hour," There is in the quiet ofa secluled country side in the twilight shadows which falls from the heavens a mystical significance of another world, and of the flimsy structure of the veil intervening, which is to be found at no other hour of thetwenty.four. It is then, by same lonely wood pond, or In some valley circled by woods, that this hush is broken by a faint, far beat, distinct note in the air, not on earth or in the sky overheand, taken up and repented six times, and ever growing clearer and more distinct, and finally pealingaway with a rush ofwings and a sound of passing like that which in all the Mediterranean Isles singled the death oat the Great P'an" when Christ was born. Novels.-Many novels,lnteresting enough and well written, are only calculated to lend the mind astray, Novels, like other books, are made to sell, and so competition is lively, authors vie with each other in the effort to fill the rages of their works with the most Interesting exciting plots that the imagina. Lion can invent. It is not to that class if novels known to be decidedly obscena that reference is made, These are condemned, rofessedly, socity, ned in many of the tates 't r sale is prohibited. But tie popular mind is often so closely allied to the openly impure literature we condemn, as to be scarcely worthy a better name than that which is reputed. The language, it is true, is cautiously selected to clothe the thoughts, but the sentiment is offensive to purity nud moral character. Yet this is verylargely tile class of novels that is most eagerly aough: and read. Unhappy marriages are largoly\ the result of such novel reading, and to the sanue cause may mainly bo attribuaed the' separations and divorces of the present dayfi Owning a I?oen0. --A man who is worK. log to arcure a small piece of piroperty sub. stitultes a new and ilistinet ambltion for s re. mote nai vague one. I)ay dreleus about nlarge estates andl princely inoomes may he very amnsing, but they are not half so tpro. lbloah as n division of a lot one bundred feet by two hundred, with a snug little dtwelling house uipon It. With thia before him, a man will rise early and retire late, turning his hnnd cheerllly to nny nndl every kindt of work, lie will htae a motive for rigorous economy, which will make it a pleasure, lte will havne the vision of thie last payment bo. fore hui as a perpctunl motive to moderation in lpassions, economy in epllionses,n bstinence froii expcnsive leasures and from expensive componlionsi. Tleus it will come to lpass that a jidichnls elit. Incurred at the bioeglnnlng of n jlurnoymon'is or Inbotrer's career, will ibecome lis nood nenius, watoeitiei over him, iluclting hii to all indlustry and self.gov!rn. It in a critical omoment in life when mhldle ague awakens n mnan froim the illsslons that have been crownlig the earlier yeats with Inwardt glory. Some are willing to let the vision and the0 dtream pass into easy ohbllvion, while theylnastcn tomusako up:for lost time in lose piursnit of the main cbance, Others can forgise anything sooner than their own ex. led Idental,andl the ghost of their dlead en. thielasmn haunts them v with an erabittering presence. The Prince of Wales Is going to pay £125 n dty for his accommodation at Now. lands during his vlsit to Ireland. lle is more atrnvagmant than the queen. On her nlast rvisit to Aix les Dains sho wanted to occupy the llotel Splondide, but the price asked, 100 a day, was too high,so she tnook another houso, whIch she got for £65, But then the queen has no rioh mother, as the prince has, 