GALLERY NOTES. In reply to Mr. Crick last night the Minister for Mines (for tho Minister for Justice) informed the House that tho chief floggar in Darlinghurst Gaol had been pro moted to tho governorship of Deuiiiquin Gaol. Thero was a long explanation accompany ing the Minister's answer, and this went chiefly to show that Ellory, the present fiagellator, bad applied for promotion simply becauso he had grown tired of uaing the cat on tho tough hides of tho " talent " of Sydney. Ho had, according to tho Minis terial memo., done his duty faithfully in his cupacity as floggcr, and if it was to bo made a condition that the man who used the lash could not bo promoted thero would be some difficulty in obtaining men to fill the flagol- lator's office. Tho hangman will probably next put in his claim, and if a gaol ib erected at Hanging Rock Howard should certainly put in an application for it. Ho has always done nis duty welt— at any rato, tbosn with whom he has dealt have never complained of any incivility or rudeness on his part. If the fioggor is entitled to be made a governor of a gaol, the hangman, in common fair play, is fully entitled to consider he lias good claims to consideration when a vacancy occurs in the comptrollership. The people of Deniliquin have protested against Ellory's appointment, and it is stated thut if he goes thero to take charge of tho gaol tho warders will refuse duty. Mr. J. C. Noild resumed tho debate on tho second reading of tho Customs Duties Bill, and spread a number of documents beforo him, which suggested thnt he in tended putting up another record. His opening remarks wero to the effect that he was desirous of being allowed to proceed without interruption, Ho began at a quarter to 5 o'clock, and sailed along nicely uutil tho Speaker called him to order, and informed lum that as tho Minister in charge of tho bill had moved the second reading of it in a speech extending a little over an hour, and the leader of the Opposition had said all ho bad to say in about the same time, other members would have to limit themselves to somowhero in tho vicinity of GO minutes. Tho speech of the member for' Paddington might have bocu left out with advantage to the free- trade arguments. He started by saying that protoetion was a policy to be imiainiinli no wltiln itnrlnw trade a pound note would buy 20s. worth of goods, under protection a sovereign would only be good to purchase 17s. worth. This argument was a brand now one. And tho pity was that Mr. Noild did not proceed to elaborate it. When a man goes to a store with a pound note nnd gets only 17s. for it thero will be an accident happen to tho storekeeper, unless the workman of tho future is a very different individual to the wage-earner of tiie past. It was bound to be part of Mr. Neild'q business to refor to the fiuanciul statement of the Treasurer, and point to orrors whicli ho saw existing. "I ncod not refer to them," ho said, " they are patent proposi- tions. les, answerea ino Treasurer, " thoy'ro patent — J. C. Noild's patent." And tho building up of tho alleged doficit — to which he referred as a "shortness" in the public finances — was touched by Mr. Neild with his light and airy fingerB, thuugh ha explained, as ho mentioned 'items of " sovunty- five thousand pounds " in ono place, and other thousands elsewhere, that -there was no "juggalery" in tiie business. " The figures could bo found on page 27," he Baid, and ho went on to drift over the space he had crossed a few weeks ago, until stopped by tho Speaker. Mr. Inglis' speech was chiefly composed of personal rcffactionB on Sussex- street indi viduals, and a brief reforcnce to tho tea trade. Ha also informed the House that he was, and had been for some time, in terested in a paint business, which under protection ' would flourish exceedingly. This suited him very nicely, but ho almost forced himself to shed tears as ho dwelt on the miseries of tho poor littlo children in benevolent asylums and clncwhcro who would be unable to pay tha tax on oatmeal. This, and the prospect of tho cabmcn'b horses being fed on maize instead of oats, and the tax-gatherer going round the hos pitals amongst dying men, and shaking them by the throat till they either paid tho duty ou drugs or gave up the ghost, eauBed him to lose sight of the profit ho was going to mako out of his paint plant. But he took the precaution to inform tho Houso that what ever profit ho might mako under protection the men ho employed would not share it. It was never suspected that under any policy of government Mr, Inglis would sharohalf a tea leaf with anyone unless compelled to, and it is nearly a certainty that if he could make money more quickly under protoetion than free-trado ho would not be a free- viuuut w ta u uviuiuu viwum Wtmw tiuuiijr every free- trader who has spoken so far has stated, that under a protective policy ho would in his own businoss make a few for tunes rapidly. But as the burden of taxa tion under protection would fall on the masses tho trcil-trade philanthropist opposes it. And bo has the gall to get up in an assembly of men who know him and say this. Of courso Mr. Inglis wound up with an appeal to tho democracy of the country—" that educated democracy" which was "the most intelli gent in. tho world" — to hurl itself and its representatives into tho oblivion from which they, should never liava emerged, and remaiq. in "t.bo darkness which was so congenial to them," while the free-traders lived in the light and legislated for them selves in tho presont and posterity in the distant future. " The best speech on that Bide," said Mr. M'Millan, as Mr. O'Sullivan took his seat after making what was undoubtedly a powerful effort in support of tho bill. Tho iilUlliucl ivl lUbttUUbj'tlll Xo ULI LUiUwSb JJiU tcctionjst, who.is always listened to without muoh interruption, and with considerable roBpcct. Re started with a direct charge that Sir Henry Parkes knew nothing of politics in America. As his " backers" are of opinion that tho sub-leader of tho free traders knows all about everything there was a slightly disapproving demonstration at this utterance. Tho member for Qucan- heyau proceeded to bIiow that ho waB justi fied in making the assertion. After a speech in support of tho measure on genorul prin ciples he offered to take any doubters into tho the auction rooips of the city, and show them buggies, und doors, and sashes made by prisoners in tho gaols of the Western States of America, and shipped to this country for sale. Sir Henry I'arkes had said prison labor was allowed to compete with free labor in that country, but Mr. -O'Sullivan showed that prison-made goods were not allowed to be sold in the Stnta in which they wero manufactured, and did not compote with free men's work. Ho gavo tho gist of a conversation with Mr. Burn, a Molbourne buildor, who has built up a big business in tho southern metropolis under tho protcctivo policy of Victoria. Ho was prepared to cross into this colony tho moment tho protectionist policy of tho Government became law. On tho question of federation, Mr. O'Sullivan said he was as good a friend of Australian union as any man in tho country, but wanted five years' protection first. At the end of that timo tho farmers would have established the agricultural industry on a firm and payable basis, and genoral manufacturing businesses would havo been built up, and the colony would be prosperous and in a position to deal with the other divisions of tho con tinent on level ground. But protoetion was necessary before federation could bo touched, and he wanted to see a good deal mora of it beforo ho would bo satisfied to attompt to completo tho proposed federation— which, by tho way, was suggested by the protectionists and stolen by the late leader of tho free- trade party. Mr. Rose could not understand tho howl ' of the froc-trado party for liberty and free dom. Ho could see nothing divine in free trade. It was simply a matter of buying and selling, and had, in his opinion, no nibro to do with liberty -than, tho hob weather had to do with the rise in the price of >coal. ,Tho shriek for freedom came from men who for years had, under a policy of what they called free-t,radc, taxed every necessary of life which they could decently got at. And they wanted tho party at pre . » sent in power to be hypocritical also. As they refused to bp false to their policy the Opposition shrieked and stamped round, and talked of the disaster likely to follow the establishment of factories in the country, the ill-treatment of children, and a dozen different horrors of varied and terrible shapes and sizes, which would follow tha introduction of protection. Yet the same men — the free-traders — bought from the Blope-eyed children of Confucius in their own country, and from pagans and paupers in every part of the world. Mr. Rosa coald not sco how that kind of dealing could be good for tho colony we live in. Anil he spoko for a length of timo in giving reasons why tho man who bought in tho cheapest market always could pot claim to be a patriot or a benefactor of l..s kind. 