1 OUR MELBOURNE LETTER : 1 Friday. \ I am getting tired of writing about plitics, when, there is, nothing in poli- tbs to write about, and I ara some- tUng like the little boy who was asked to spell Jehosophat, and who" cora- msiced with " See— bors— o-please, sir) I don't know any more ! But I will give you: a bit of news for which " I an personally- extremely sorry, and that-is that Mr R. Murray Smith does .not contemplate' contesting and seat at rthis coming' election. As he puts it, "With nay Freetrade views, and my constitutionalism, and my anti-Stock T.ax noiions, who would have me?" Yet do \I much regret this, for Mr Murray Smith was always one of those who helped to level and to steady things in politics- He always kept his own hands clean, and helped, too, other people's. ' i Are there- to-be three Bakers in the next Parliament? There is our old Lowan friend, Wirnraera Baker ; there is a Baker announced somewhere in the North-East. 1 thins; ana lmmcia, Baker's brother has ah' eye on Albert Park or South Melbourne, or sonie Other constituency that Larkin con templated annexing, but is now ineli gible for. Talking with a much-travelled friend the other day, he mentioned to me that chough he had never travelled on Cook's tickets — for he is a ; Melbourne Club man and a personage that thinks Cook a little infra dig — he thought he should secure his coupons next time. " For," said- he, "we were staying at Pisa, and there were two ladies stay ing at the same hotel faring exactly as we did, who paid three francs (2s 6d) a day less than we did. They were travelling on Cook's coupons, and after that in Rome, and other cities en route I bought the coupons regularly, and ' received the same advantages." I mention this as a hint to intending travellers. The reporters of the morning Press are taking to Theosophy. As they cannot extract anything from the inscrutable and youthful Premier, they \- think of consulting the Mapatamas. Mr Shiels will earn, like one of his predecessors did, the soubriquet of the " passage Ghost." — He. flits by an airy nothing to-day ! I happened to be on the stage of the Opera House the other night, I don't know whecher they called me a judge or an umpire, or an investigator or a committee — stop. I believe I was a committee. I don't count the other man, because half the audience said he was a confederate, and I sup pose the other half said I was — but I was fooled while there by a very elever illusion, which, as it is sure to travel some day to the country districts I will tell you of. A board is placed on trusties close to the footlights, on the top of which are iron fasteners or collars for the head, feet and ankles. I put my head into the top loop, and certainly when it was padlocked could nob draw it out again. Then Professor Gar i TT ertw's assistant was produced. and laid out on the board "I" or \- " We" — that is, the committee, waxed him up and put private marks on him \- so that we would know him again if we had to pick him out of the usual distinguished twelve at the lock-up next morning, and then we fastened his head, wrists, and ankles down with the iron gyves,: padlocked them, and pocketed the keys. The padlocks, I may mention, were trick ones. Then the attendants lifted him, board aud all, and placed him on tressels in a little square composed apparently of four brass upright rods with cross bars. The stage beneath was carpeted, 30 that traps would be at a disadvantage. I sounded the. scene behind, it seemed solid ; the spaces between the uprights were open, and several candles were placed beneath the board to show that Diabolus did not design to take him that way. This, I fancy, by the way, was an artifice. If they had' let rne long under that board I could have judged better. Curtains pendent from the brass rods were then drawn round the recumbent form, they only came down half way, so that while they just concealed the board and its qccupant, they still exposed the candles burning beneath them. Hand-smack, "Hey! Presto ! Pass !" and in less than thirty seconds the curtains were withdrawn and there' was the board still ; but in place of the man, though gyed just as he was, a beautiful lady — (mem) — from my youth upwards I have always ac cepted a trueism that all stage ladies were beautiful. Our keys opened her ' padlocks and we released her head, wrists and ankles, the latter I did'nt do myself from an embarrassment of modesty, and of course then came Sprightly from the back of the audito rium with all our identifying marks . still upon him. Its an awfully clever illusion, but how the mischief is it done, for I examined all those properties \- most carefully, even to the fitting of the . nuts which held the iron collars in the boards. I was on the stage, the whole time expected to be deceived, but can't guess now how I was. -Perhaps, some ' who read this may have a similar experience. j 