A PROTRACTED DEBATE. Defeat of the Ministry. The South Australian Assembly has seldom gone through a more protracted sitting than that which closed at half-past 6 on Friday morning with the defeat of the second play- fold Government. For eighteen and ? half hours, with one hoar's break for refreshment, the cataclysm of words flotred on, and it is somewhat remarkable that there were crowded galleries to listen dnring the whole of that time, while tiiere were never lees than 22 mem bers present in the Chamber itself. The features of the debate were the vigorous and pointed accusations of administrative blunder ing brought by Mr. Catt against the Commis sioner of Public Works on Wednesday night, and the very effective deliverance of Mr. Kingston in the early hoars of Friday morn ing. On all sides of the House it was ad mitted that the Chief Secretaire utterance had reached a standard seldom attained by an Australian orator, while the leader of the Oppo sition, in the generosity born of success, went so far as to characterise it as the best speech he had ever listened to. A word of praise, too, is doe to the Speaker for the tact and endurance which he displayed daring what most have been to him a most wearisome sitting. Except for a few minutes' rest, when Mr. Catt tookhia place, Mr. Coles remained in the chair steadily from the assembling of the Boose to the final adjournment, while he ade quately maintained the dignity of the debate. Seldom indeed has bo long and bo excited a discussion been so free from offensive personali ties. The little episode in which Mr. Bartiett figured and the virulent attack on Mr. Giles made by the Chief Secretary were the only incursions into dangerous territory, and the former gentleman sinned more in ignorance than in intention. Taking op :the thread of the story where it was broken off in Friday's Advertiser, it re mains to be said that after a clear state ment of the views of his parly on the black labor question Mr. McPherson passed on to general matters, and wound op by the affirmation that those who thought the pro gressive land tax was dead would find out their mistake at the next election. The mem ber for East Adelaide spoke for 40 minutes, and his maiden attempt created & very favor able impression in the House. Mr. Stock, who came next and expressed the opinion that next day Mr. Kingston, who had offended his best friends, would be sorry for the unkind things he had ottered. Fora time it appeared as if the two solicitors would come to serious feud, but the thundercloud passed over before any one had been injured. At 20 minutes to 2 the last bolt of the Ministry was hurled by the Commissioner of Public Works, who entered upon a vigorous and effective defence of his department. He was I ipni iJTy nacd on wffy. (xiaisigQE. m iriiom he thought there were some honorable streaks, although those of the other sort predominated. He also dropped down heavily upon Mr. Lamahed and some other critics who were evidently possessed more prejudice than information. He regretted that the Govern ment whip had, by implication, accused public officers of the treacherous divulgemsnt of departmental secrets and felt it his duty to contradict such an assertion. Mr. Jenkins poured forth earnest declamation far ;2D minutes lees than two hours, and though the House at the end of his speech was both elaepy and languid he was yet re warded by hearty cheers. It was now neady half-past 4, but the galleries were still filled, while ladies art patiently on, though here and there their male companions snored audibly. In the strangers' gallery, however, there was a wakeful crowd, and one was tempted to aek with Macaulay, "Have ye no crafts to mind at home that hUherward ya stray f According to a witty journalist, it is the ghosts of deceased jurymen who people this enclosure, and truly the Hiipn^'mn'M'fy solemn faces of the occupanta suggested that there was troth in thi? ghastly suggestion. In the Assembly itself there were 22 members, of whom ftf*«MHj_ Hrtrnipiity and Crould slept oom* f ortably, while other legislators reclined in a half somnolent state. At 4 o'clock copies of The Advertiser were distributed in the cham ber, and Messrs. Blacker, White, Castme, and were soon busily buried in their con tents. There they read a forecast of the divi sion, not taken till two hours afterwards, which was exactly accurate both as to names At 4.23 a-m. Mr. Ash resumed a speech at the point where he left off on December 17 last, when the Speaker declined to aHowhim to criticise certain land transactions of the Flayford Government in connection with the Appropriation Bill. He made great fun of no-confidence motions, and said while the* Opposition tried to prove tibe Government their supporters to be ihii"?^I"^?*^ scoundrels, the other side alleged that the Opposition had only escaped the gallows by a defect of the law. Unfortunately, he added, the general public believed both these statements. The Chief Secretary, he said, bad evinced enough indignation to blow a ship along; bnt he yet did not look upon the head of the Govern ment as BUfficientiy sublime to lead him tO?ink his individuality, nor did he admire Dr. Cosk burn sufficiently to substitute that gentleman's judgment for his own. He had assisted at five of these entertainments, bnt this was the slowest of the lot, as there was no principle at stake. The whip had no influence with him, and indeed he looked npan that official as a "legahEed nuisance.' 9 If Dr. Cockburn had introduoed the ftnwn^mHiii in the interest of the progressive land tax he would have felt more inclined to snpport it. "Mr. Kingston.^ added Mr. Ash, "has been the wetnnrse of the Ministry and from him they have drawn their nourishment. It was largeness of heart and not largeness of head which had kept him true to Mr. Play ford, and private friendship was placed above public considerations." "Hear, hear; 3' said Mr. Brooker. Mr. Ash then spoke of the atrocious and in excusable breach of faith of tihe Mmistryoti the Sunday dosing question, whereat Mr. Hopkins fervently added a cheer, and the member for Albert ithen proceeded to defend bis colleague against offioe seek ing. Mr. Ash subsided at a quarter to 6 after a talk of £0 minutes, and then Mr. Hack arose withapromiseof suooinctneea, which was religiously kept. At 6 o dock there wvre 62 persons in the Strangera'Gallery, 16 ontheleft <rf the Speakers' Gallery, of whom five were ladies, and IS, in cluding Messrs. Kirkpatrick, Guthrie, Copley, Gordon, and a prominent member of the National Defence League on the other side. In the Assembly were 23 members in a more or Ipgff somnolent condition, and as Mr. Hopkins rose to verbally murder somebody, everyone settled himself down to more com fortable dumber. The Ministerial "barracker" from Fort Adelaide spoke for 20 minutes, and the Queen's English was the only thing he slaughtered. He boasted of re presenting the most populous of South Australian constdtneneiee, in which he said be had beaten Mr. Kirkpatrick in 1887 and Mr. Charleston in 1890, while he was prepared to vanquish the beat labor man that could be sent next year. TT« had not intended to vole at all in this division, but lest he should be accused of cowardice he would help the Government, against whom he was surprised that the labor candidates had the conscience to vobe. On the subject of colored labor Mr. Hopkins summed up thus—"As to Chinamen, it's well known Fd bang the lot of them." Mr. Hooper was the thirty-fourth and last speaker of thedeba'je, and he only occupied fiva minutes in setting forth his reasons for distrust ing the Ministry. If he was getting experience in nothing else, he said he was finding out all about no-confidence motions, bnt he argued that the tergiversation of the Government warranted Hie assaults of the Opposition. When the member for Wallaroo sat down at (i.21 a.m. there was no member ready to con tinue the talk, and the Speaker proceeded to put the amendment. The volume of "Noes" appeared to be the loudest, but a division showed that there were 2* votes for Mr. Holder and 20 for the Government, in addi tion to four sets of pairs. The announcement of victory was greeted with loud cheers, whirihMr. Grainger lea in a truly enthusiastic fashion. When the vote was taken there were still five ladies present, while all the galleries were well filled, and everyone seemed suddenly to spring wide awake. The address in reply as «?????fl«?d having been agreed to further {consideration of the Governors speech was adjourned till Tuesday, to which day all other business was also postponed, and at G. 30 a.m. everything was over. TThe palleries soon emptied, and legislators living in town speedily Bought their homes, but politicians who bad to catch the morning trains assembled in the smoking-room to chat and rest until it was time to saunter to the railway station ( The division list was as follows :— rOR 7UE AMBKDMIKI. FOX TnK aOTBKXXBST. Mr. Brooker Mr-£ S5,.^. •" Bnrgovne ' 3*?™ett •• Caldirell " BUater «< cook " Barter Dr.Oockbam " CwiM Sir J. V. Downer " Cuban Mr. P. E. Downer " Gould «• GUlen '• Httue " Gninger " Homlmrj - •■ Gca\ boo " Hopkins •■ Heck " Jenkins " Hancock " Johnwn " Hwdyude " B. Kelly •• Holder " Kingston " Iloopec " MoDoa?l4 •• nowe " Miller •' J E. Kellv " PtoTfora " L?ke " BonnUTell <• Lamtbed " Solomon •• Ludseer " Whiu. " UcPnenxni " Uoule " O'LengbUn Fairs. >fr O Oi!p? 3'r E-T- Smith " L OoLea Hr. W. A norn " W.F. Stock " T.Bchetk: •• Furore Hawker. Mr. Catt, following out hisavowed intention en Wednesday, retrained from voting, and that with the Speaker made the number com plete. The report as amended was adopted, and at 11.30 a.m. the House adjourned till Tuesday at 2 o'clock. 