Mher feter on Siiosts. f Xt bas cum to my knowledge,' said Brother jOardnerafter the meeting bad been opened in doe form, "dateiurtia members of dis lime kiln Club am (rubbled wid eeeiu' gbosts an hearin' strange noire?. X bev. been told dat Shindig Watkini has' received -three distinct warairrsdis spring -to prepare bisself fur do grave ; dat Kurnel Cabiff ; can't eleep fur Searin whispers at 'midnight, uu' dat Elder Toots wakes up aoaa ebery night an sees a spook wid Jerr eyes glarin at him ober de fut o' his bed. I lev got a few words to say ou die subjick of ghosts, ac' i wautdo members o dii clnb to lisseu wid all deir might. " I am now sixty-one y'ars old, au' I reckon I her had u munh erosnence wid chosts an eich as any odder man of yo\ X used to believe in 'em. dor was a time when I'd bev bet my mew agin a peck of beans dat ghosts was a»playin baseball under my bed ebery night of de y'ar. I lay daT an'heard warcin's an1 death tricks an whispered voioefi, an' I got up to de mawnin' feoliu' dat X was' not long fur din world. Bimeby I began to figger, 'an it wasn't a week befo I solved de mystery.' " I made out ' about as toilers : u If yo' am eix weeks behind on yor house .reutyo will see a spook lookin' at yo oberde footboard of de bed. He's dar to toquar what yo' am gwloe to do about it. "If yo' bas bin shootin' crape aud lost do two dollars de ole woman had s&Ted; up to buy a pa'r o Shoes, yo'll h'ar ghostly foctetepe all ober de cabin fur three nights rnnnin. To'U also h'ar from do ole woman doorin de day. "If I had bin sotter welkin' around doorin' de day and had diekivered a hencoop which promised to pan out well de fosc dark night, I ebould listen mighty bard wben I got to bed. If I beard a death tick in de wall I should take it to mean dat I'd better let dem twenty-two chickens alone, 'cause deir was a spring gun jest inside de dosh of de'eoop. If I didn t h'ar de ti6k I reckon I'd chance it, though I'd go powerful slow an' feel all aroandto de dark fur dat gun. " If a white man cums along in de mawnin' an offers 50 a dollar fur a dar'e work, an' yo' stick fur a dollar an' a half an coutinner to sot on de fence 'cause be wont give it, vo'll go to bed dat night to h'ar strange whispers all around yo'. If yo'll lissen cluely yo'll make out dat yo am bein' told yo'd better resign from dis club befor yo' git ae boanoe t 41 If Samuel Shin should borrow two dollars in cash of me, which he can't possibly do, an' should fail to pay it back at de time agreed upon, he d see ghosts at night. Dey wouldn t be ghosts from the graveyard, but ghosts from his conscience. Dar am nufEn' real about it. Yo'vedone son thin' mean, an' yo1 feel con science stricken ober it. No member of dis club who keeps up his dues, pays his debts, an' tries to live like a decent man need be efeared of spooks. He'll go to hod to sleep &b; sound as a-bhek. Spooks won't bev no use far him. " From dis time on I shall her an eye out fur Brudders Watkms, Jones, Cabiff an' Toots, an' furaich odder members of dis club as may take to seein' a ghost an' he&rin;' warnin's. I doan say dat seein' a ghost will be considered sufficient reason for expulsion, but it will go a long ways toward matin' me feel sartin dat rich puseous doan reflect no partlckler credit on dis club as a nasbunal organizoshun." Brothe Jones arose and tried to square him self by explaining that what he took to be the whispers of spirit voices turned out to be nothing but the labored breathing of his brindled dog under the bed, and that he had so reported, but Brother Gardner rapped for order an' Mid: "Sot down, Braddei Jon 63 ! Dar am 110 quesbun befo de house. Yo' hev heard what I had to say, an' I bope yo' will profit by it, Bame as de rest. At de next meetiu' I shall arrange wid Sir Isaac Walpole to move dat byclaw No. G66 be amended to read so dat auy member seein' a ghost or bein' whispered to at midnight by a speerit shall staud accused de same as if be had basted into de museum an' stolen de sacred skull of Cicero." Why is it that death should come before the allnttAri ma nf ' three score and ten." and why so many millions of human beings never live to see three score and five, and why that not one in everv thousand live to three score years? We kill ourselves. Many interesting particulars are found in tables of j.hyriologiets and writers on hygiene. The eminent phy siologists, Holler and Bnffon, present interest ing particulars on the subject of longevity. They treat it in two waye, historical and phjBicad. The historical side of tbe recitation of all facts known of the naturally ordinary and extreme duration of life and tbe physical aspect of the problem involves tbe contempla tion of the great oatural phases of development of the aperies, digestioo, period of growth and length of life. Mankind pays too little attention to the warning voice of nature, signs of approaching -calamity are unheeded, tbe disorganisation of toe affected organ increases, and after a time becomes inseorible, then no pain is felt, and the sufferer is deluded into tbe belief that he has shaken off tbe disease, nothing could be more erroneous or dangerous, for the complaint has ouly passed on oue further stage towards tbe endj aod nature ceases to send those warn ing aches and pains as they were unnoticed when sent, the deliJity aod weakness increases, however, and nervousness, loss of appetite and general jangour comes on and a cold is caught in the kidneys, lungs or liver, and another life is sacrificed to Bright' disease, Consumption or tome other serious and fatal disease. Scoffers can tftfr as they like at the rirtucs claimed for Clements Tonic, but even the most prejudiced men know it is genuine and does posses merits no other medicine ever did, as instanced in the following case : —For the past four years I have been a great sufferer from severe pains in the back and left ride, being at times quite unable to do any work or even walk about. I suffered in this way until it became quite unbearable and to February, 1SS9, 1 consulted a physician who treated me for seventeen months, and during thattime I suffered the severest torture under bis treatment, and instead of improving, con tinued to get worse, he said at last, "I have done all I can and you will never be better." This drove me to despair aud I went under frtipflmr dootor'e treatment for fonr months and took about thirty botties of medicine, but with no result. I was giving up all hopes when X read of the wonderful cures effected by Clements Tonic, end on my husband's advice tried it, and hftor toe use ox only three bottlee X waa quite a different women. I have taken fifteen bottles, and feel aa well and strong as ever, "and can do my work with ease and pleasure, whereas it was a great trouble before uririgvCJements Tonic; I can now walk for mUes without fatigue. Before taking this medicine I badofien suffered with neuralgia for weeks at a time and could never get any relief, but etoce taSrihg Clemefits Tonic I have never had an attaok of It etooe. As a result of my experience I have much pleasure in reoomm end ing ft to all afflicted, ' Mn 8, E. Baker; Swan street; Morpeth, N.8.W. 5 -Boeder !-le ft any wonder interested people' ehonld be jealous of CtasenteTonlc tosh fis patrons write sogh matSfeiMtas praiseta that f yet there Is not a taaffbse oomes bdr way bht what brings us SSaSlAten.' F. M. Clements, SI2VBeckett -treat, Melbourne, r >? -J- v:' . . - 