THINGS SEEK AND HEARD. (6y a ' City I-bohe ') j Of all the popular literature of the day— and truly there is a large amount of tresh greedily devoured by people who have a crave for the sensational— of all the writers who are pursuing an erratic course, I think Mr Stead, the proprietor and editor of the Review of Review, is entitled t) first place. He ia a gifted and popu'ar writer, whereby he hsfl dciidediy made bis mark— -so much so that his Review (published monthlv) has an immense circulation, no ]r&i; than '200,000 copies being rometimcs issue! for tbe month. Mr bte^a wai airway a reuiarkibw youns? man when, for a short \ criod, he edited Mr John Morley's newspaper, the Pall Mall Gazette. He busied himself about the darkest dolnga of darkest England until he got landed in prison, under a sentence of three months, for trying to d:s?over eccrcta which even tbe wise King Solomon declared were among the four things that he did not know. Ostensibly (and to his own mipd honestly) he determined to sx&twe; the art of 1 Beaming young girls 'by practically carrying i out a part of the play* For this purpose be j employed the services ol mn accomplished \ woman, whom h« handsomely as his i agent, . The result was a tatch of innocents i pi tender age from .the conntry. whose chastity wai to be sacrificed on the altar - of human last. At tbis sLa/e the progress o* i our philanthropic friend was arrested by I criminal proceedings, Now in, any bumble opinion, this same Mr Stead has again been guilty of a great moral crim* in publishing . his ghcBt stories in flpoclal Christmas and New ^ear somber* of his magazine, which have been read with auch avidity that 200,000 copies were qnito inadequate to supply the greedy appatite ot the pnblio. These ghost stories are told with all the fascinations of Me Stead's poworfal pen, and are declared to be true, though some of tbem boar evidence of such fraul and improbability that the fabrication and falsehood of the story at once strike -the ordinary reader. In ona ghostly ' midnight revelry there are sounds of z&nrder; 'amid the commotion: nothing visible re mains next morning bot a pool of blood, which being analysed, is declared to be hu man blood. Where did tbe blood come from I Not very likely that the spirits have tbe material principle ot life ia their bodies, seeing that they can vanish through a c'osed window or door, and when a pistol bullet is fired it passes through them, without any effect whatever. Other ghosts ere repre sented with the clothing worn in life, though the same clothing could be traced to the rag mills or the wnraroba of some seedy relation. The old story is reproduced of the fanny tricks played upoa John Wesley's mother and sisters, and a host of simitar frauds. That dreuaiii sometimes turn out t*ue is very likely, and it is &l;«a probabl : thas'cer'aln conditions of the n irvous system are capablc of nMkfng vassa's of the senses, until the eye aad ear arc brought under tho influenoa of spiritual maiifentations, or, as th-3 spirit of Hamletf s puts it 41 T could a tale unfold, whose Iighest word Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood ; Make thy two eyes, liks stars, start from their spheres ; Thy knotted and combined locks to part, And each particular hair to stand on end Like quUle upoa the fretful porcupine.' Almost everyone ha= eomo tale to tell about ghosts and apparitions which he either saw hlni3elf, or sime of his friends saw, or his ancestors left behind Lhem for the cdiilcalion of the toung. J-at it :b hejoni my com prehension how Mr Stcsd can, with ull gravity, cxhuui-o those ridiculous slorlcs, aud offer them to the public ut the tail cod of t'le nineteenth century in a i cap notable periodical, with a prominent notice in the fore part of his bunkum, rationing his subscribers to keop young people from perusing tbe contents— the 'very way to in iuoe them to peruse it 1 Ho seems to fgnore the fact that, during the lattor half of the nresent oentnrv. the rhoet nr.-ihlpm h&a; been pretty well eolved on scientific principles, and that other optical an 1 oral delusions have baen traced to circum stances which aro capable of explanation. A parson, for instance, suffering from overdoses oi alcohol, neesscoteaof devil-spirits worrying him like bloodhounds. One poor old fellow of my former acquaintance nsed to see and converse nightly with a ghost, long after the fit of delirinm tremens had subsided. Hts ghostship had on a cocked hit, scarlet coat, with a tail and cloven foot. The man had given np his drinking habits for six months or more, and wjs apparently soand in mind and body when tV-se nocturnal visitations disturbed him. Gradually the delusion vanished and he united with others in laugh ing at the si range fancies that possessed him. While on the subject of ghosts I may as we*l relate myorva experiences for the cdifi. cation of the public. I was about 8 years old when I firat saw a ghost. It had a white garment upoa its body, with a ferocious looking bea i end & flesh. leas skeleton neck towering np above the white drapery that covered the spirit's trunk and limbs. ---ut of the head g.iui'&ered; a lurid glare through the top of a transparent skuU, and through two holes where the eyes are Been in lifetime, aad a large fieshlees gap revealed a horrible lu-&inoue; cavity where once the lies covered tha vocal organ. It moved slowly through the darkness of a hedgerow in a lonely lane one starless night. There were three of us, 1 the. other two older than I. We had been ^ but robbing an orchard in the Home country, | and, having been very successful in bagging 1 as many apples as we could carry away, wc 1 were returning home jubilant as conquerois, with feelings that would take more cban a 1 trifle to scare. While thus courageously wending our way back to the school, wo met ' the ghoBt. Mute we stood, aghast for a moment, then dropped our app'es and ran for our lives. Presently we hoard an un earthly bowl, while scream1] iudescribable 1 followed. The schoolmaster had bssn apprised of the fact that a neighbor's orchard was being plundered by the bo; s ; he reso.ved to watch, and, in repairing to the spot, first met the ghoBt, who was intent on terrify iug us as we fled, and did not observe fooUteps approaohing from the other side. The butly domino seized the apparition with a decisive clutch. The head dropped at his feet, and a living body wriggled ia v&ia; to get free. It was one of the b'-g boyd. He was brought into the schoolroom, and iu presence of the smaller boys received a sound, thashiug as a caution to other*, while we gob o5 scot fraa. 'ibU is a tame ghost story, bat it is as ghostly as many of the undctectad frauds with which Mr stead embellishes his New Year number of the Review of Review*. An old uncle of mine has a gbo t stoiy to tell— he's not a Jenkins, bat a mother's brother— a very old hand is this town— -aa old salt who was here in the days of Sir Johu Franklin, His story is about & bituntei house cloBe by here on the WeUingLoa-road. Ape ley House (cow the Industrial School) was at, one time haunted — before I was boro, aud long before I came here. I have heard say that when Captain Gibbs, of the Salva tion Army, and his detachment wc.it to live in ApBley House they drove all the spirits away. Anyhow, long before that, the hoase was a caution to the whole neighborhood. The late Mr Scene cou'd base told yon of how property deteriorated in value on ao. count of the infernal noises the ghosfs made in that empty house all nigbt long, Aud it does seem feasible that it would make a Beatable meeting honse for ditcmboujcd spirits from the three church-yards that Iig round it, where the dead who were friends ia life have been separated from each other in death. A grand central place thia fot the genial spirits who used to indulge in pitch, nnd-toss and drink nobblcrs together in the flesh, It was said that they got full posses sion of the house, which, iu the caoe ot ghosts, waa more than nine points of tbe law, for it gave a clear title for the time at least. Apsley House was built by a Captain Young, master mariner, whom my unolc knew well. It received several occupants ia tbeewly days, many of whom are a^ill alive; hut the ghosts did not appear until the ow&er; of the hou j e went to 4 lye Bp irit land.' Ittben became haunted, and tenants, one after another, hid to pack up arid skedaddle in a most undigni fied maimer. Witnesses are now to be fou -d iu this city who can ttate that the very plaster oa the celling tumbled down from the pranks that werj goiug on overhead. At last the place was for years entirely given over to the bplri;s. No one would oxsnpy tbo houee rent i ee, or even take a bonaa for residing ia it. At last a harum scutum, divii may-care young fellow accepted a handtome reward forgoing to live there wi'b bis wife, yho know nothiog of what ber lias band knew about the ghosts. The basbaod took the precaution to provide a loaded pistol for any difficulty that might occur. On the first night the lady of the house viciit into a comfortable sleep, tired with ber daj's work u«. packing. Her better hoif lollowed suit after listening for some time for noises and hearing none. Presently, at about midnight, the wife seized him by tbe night-shirt — ' Willinsi! William 1' she ejaculated in a conclusive whisper, ' there's robbewin the house 1 bstenl listen I' and she clung to bis nock till she' nearly choked him. William listened, and sure euougb tbere was a violent corroboree goiug on npstairs. Tho spirits were evidently bav in£ a dxonken spree, for bottles were being kno:kcd about, while heavy thumps on the floor denoted that, one after another, tbe spirits were rendered hon de combat nnder tue inflnencj of some inebrialtag potation, This, however, did not ailence the party, f -r confosltra seemed to gio v more on fannied At this ju&ctnre; the/ entered the ledrosm. Stops were distinctly beard on thecarpetcd floor. Mrs ? fa nted. William mustered all ihe -courage he possesed, jumped out of bed to light the caudle. in striking a match one of tbe spirits spat on (be flame, and slapped bim on tbe crown of bis head with a oold wet hmd, which rather Ptutn-xi him. Ano'-her co'd dash t'ol'owed. Willian roared oat murder, bnt succeeded in light ing the candle and seizing h s pifetol. Splash, splAfih, &t; William'* feet revealed tho faot that it wis 'water dripping from the cellfng Bome ot which had tallen-on his betid- Nf xi morning, instead of vodfttiag -the hotise at other tenants 'had done; Williatn a survey of the attic# *ad found ia -lot of old jars aad b ottles with ^unmistakable evidence that tbe plaoe was Jnfesfea .with rats. wcnUo work -with -^ats, traps, and poison to Bjtarminate them, and -shcoeeded ia quieting the ghoste of Apsley House.' ? 