THE RIGHT SORT. -A ROMANCE OF THE SHIRES. BY Mas. EDWARD KLNNAIW. CIIArrEB XIV.— A PniEMi IN NiiEn. Tly time-honoured custom the opouiug moot of 'Sir Beauoharap Lenord's hounds was invariably 'held at Staploton. Li oldou days, during the life of the late lamented Squiro, Stapletou Hall Lad beeu rouownodfora gonorouB hosintality. J'AUMA LUU 44UUWOL LU UiC J/UJIIUH, WOpiS WCrO liberally regaled, and nobody wu ever sent emptv away from the doors of the most popular and bast-hearted fellow to the country. Such was the verdict of the public. But, alas ! life is fleeting, audio course of time this ex cellent geutlaman was gathered to his fore fathers, and his eldest sou, Dubcrly Staplolon, took up the roiuB of.oftice. The 'latter cared little far sport, and, although a staunch pre server of toxes, seldom honoured the couutv hounds with his preseuca, Staploton Hall was a fine old structure, built in tho Gothic style of architecture. It stood on an eminence, from which au extensive view of the surrounding country was oblain- able. In a hollow immediately to the roar of the house lay a large piece of ornamental water, on whose smooth surface a pair of stately, long-ueckcd swans swam gently to and £ro, turning tlieir slender necka from side to "snow in the inarciugsun. From the left bank Of this lake a wall-timbered wood, known by the name of Staplaton Hillside, and intersected by many winding paths, rose steeply up, while >ia front of the reaidenca an unbroken expanse of tiaduUUtiK grass, notuulike the billows of 4he sea, presented itself to the eye. vAhoct three -hundred yards beyond the uae epiiiion in the ypound formed a ' 'aortic! rsilev, irfim whoee' sides sprang ia oonpleofthlcJtly gorged coverU aeveral acres In extent. They were renowned ae a veritable -Btronghold of foxes, from which the 41 varmint" 'was hard to dislodge; but numerous as these ware in point of numbers, and apparently fine, healthy, well-grown animals, U was a meat uu- iLBiial thing for a homebred Stapletjn over -to do much more than vacillate between goree and Hillside, until the patience of bounds, "huntsman, and field fairly came to an oud. All "through the forenoon, directly a move was made, Reynard slunk hither and thither, at leoat half-a-dozen being on foot at one time, and tho screeching, hooting, shouting, and galloping cover ceased for one inomtnt, to the intcuBO dolight of the swarms of foot people who made the opeuing meat an excuao for for- eakiug their legitimate occupations, and takicg a regular holiday. But when little by little the crowd began to disperse, and the Stapletou foxca had once more fully sustained their un enviable reputation, Dick Slant, the huntsman, byorder ofSir Beauchamr, trotted the hounds straight away off to Madoington Gone, from which place a worthy yokel hid just brought the welcome piece of intelligence' that a i'ao old dog fox had been viewed l.y himself slealiug up tho warm and aheltcrod rides only a few tniautes previously To Stirrup's intense ecu- Btcruation, King Alat having during the pre ceding day given utterance to one cr two oaiiuous-soundiu" coughs. Ivato at the last miuule had found herself obliged to fall back u>on Griasctte. Now all through the morning the grey had proved exceedingly fractious and irritable, refusing to stand still for one single aecouil, onou plunging her head violently for wards with an impatient jeik which almo:t dragged the rein's out of Kute'e hands, again suddenly tossing it ou high, till Lei face was in imminent danger. The short gallops hitherto indulged in hetweeu the gorso and the Hillside, alternating with periods cf prolonged inaction, had apparently aroused tho marc's impetuous temperament to a dangerous point, and rendered her far from a pleasant mount. Added, to tins, she displayed the still griver fault of lashing out in the gateways, so that having badly kicked an unoffending quadruped that had pressed upon her more closely thin the deemed advisable, Grisette hail quickly gained for herself a disagreeable notoriety, and was pointed out as " that brute" by people who cad been eye- witnesses of the transaction. Whan, therefore, directly bounds went into Maddingtcn Gorac, the welcome "Tally ho! : tally ho!" followed by a prolonged and de lighted screech of "Hark forrard ! Gone " — ns w -uu w. "i proved unusually ljng, several minutes of valuable time being urns unavoidably lost, while people stood by and cursed and swore as if the moat terrible calamity had happened, and their very lives depended upon the instantaneous removal or the unweloome obstacle. Now im mediately to the right stretched a very big but nevertheless jumpaolo fence. It was a bit ton big, however, at starting, when jumping still bore the charm of nove.ty, and practice had not as yet rendered seats secure una nerve coir fident. The huntsman, though, could not afford such considerations when his bounds were in full cry, so without more than a passing hesitation he charged the fence and got over, followed by a Colonel Clinker on a grey horte, who cleared the whole thing beautifully, and thaae two thus gained quite a fifty yards' start Olfif or the Dnckliug, for cither of thorn in spired her with courage, Kate would hare deaily liked to follow suit, but it appeared do- -cidedly rash to attempt doing so on am untried animal, who bo far had certainly not succeeded in making a very favourable impression en her Tula tress. There are occasions, however, wlieu the actions are determined without voluntary effort, and this was cue — at least so far as Kate was concerned — for while she was standing a little outside the crowd, fearful of Grisetto'a heels inflicting further Injury, aoJ waiting for ILb gate fobs removed, the mare took the bit between her teeth and pulling like adoaion,in&aet; resolute fashion which de fied an? attempt at resistance, charged full tilt at the feuoe before Kate fairly realised what shs was about. Finding lieraolf absolutely powvr- leu to control the animal's movements, she wisely desisted in her ende&vours; to do bo, and thereby probably saved herself a fall. She aat perfectly stdl, gave Grisette her head, and the next roumte with a crash aud a smash which mounded deride!/ alarming in the eara of a wovioc, and which sent the topmost twigs flying in every direction, the mare landed far into the next field. The noisa of breaking branches caused Colonel Clinker to turn round in his aaddle, and, when he perceived the girl, to cry oat 44 Bravo!" approviugly. But seeing Kate safely over, and no barm done, be did cot diminish hisspeed, for now the houads were aimply raring in their front across big grass pasture), pointing aa if for Stornow, a thickly 4eooad and very anoegotiablo bit of country, which took a deal of doing, as Colonel Clinker -had often found to his cost. In the large, moist fields the eadisbefl grew longaud yellow, cling ing to Uib borees' lege, reaching almost up to ihoir h0cVSj"and rctdpring it extremely difficult .ia -avnl «mtll ont drmf wWh intersected 'thflmrandwhlnhaderlaing.fait a Wotk of "oonuaer&bledadgor;, aspacialff with an animal 'Vbt absolutely Jn baud ; but tho pace was to? £T£al to' allow of hesitation. It really began xo look as II they were in for a good thing, and «a if for GDoe acont was all that it ought to be. As they tore along, Kate's energies weie entirely devoted to sitting far back in the saddle -,00(1 preventing Orisette from running away _ altogether. She was In that unpleasant posi tion when tho consciousness of uttor weakness, pitted against brute force, presents itself to the mind, if the mars made -the slightest false step they might break their necks together for all the jxjtver she retained of preventing any auch calamity. Still the Bituation was decidedly axaiting, for now, dose under Stornow village, the hounds made a sharp detour to the right, which camcletelv unset the calculations cf the road and point riders, constituting the great bulk of the hold, who by this manamvre were hope!eulv thrown out, bo that Done butthe im mediate followers were left in attendance ou he fiytng beauties. Meanwhile Orisette was pulling like a mad thing, and Kate's fees, from the exertion of endeavouring to hold her, re sembled a full-grown peony. Her arms ached and tingled from the sockets to the wrists, and . worse than all, a tremulous dead sensation bad begun to overtake them, depriving them of the \- little strength they still possessed. The fences, "too, now oame in rapid succession, ono&ftertbe; other, almost as fost as they could jumpth?in r—b1#' fair flying fonce9, guardod by ditches, . out of grace tnto grae» — a magnificent country, but one tbkt uudoabte Jly domandod a finished banter. As she swept over, or rather through, each Impediment in its turu, lha utmost Kate -«ould do was to keMp the mare's head straight od trust to Providence, for Orisette had an u8'y ' changing top- binders in a manner 5 IV k1 wail calculated to strike terror into the" « Nererthalws, up till now, uisnLredby the example of the gt>od grey home ux front, she belu har -own, despite sundry V narrow eiapfci, and kept ber plaoe doie in JMbltib'Sfby Arrangement with Ward, Lock, -and Co. , » ' lu? wakpi Gnsct'o'o faults were rniuy, an ixtiLO hadaiot he eh long in discovering ; but tho uioat heinous one of refusing uould not be numbered in tho category of ber shortcomings. 1 be \ fry right of a fence seemed to add to hor natural impetuosity, ond though unpleasantly cuary ol bright, width presented uo o'ustructiou whatever Thcro was not much fear of hor leaving her hind legsflounderiug iuthe ditch, so that after a bit, fiudiasbe got over some- Low, even though notquite ro cleauly as sho in the, habit of doing, Kate grew tolerably accustomed to the inare's p&culiar; style of jumping, and became almost reconciled to the roenmng Bound cf the breaking twigs na thev new bofdre Olivette's forelegs like arrows bhot from a bow. Her blood by this time was in u glow, fear had last its restraining influence, caulion bod fled to the wiude : her one idea, her one thought, was to keep near to that good grey ut .any hazard. Rather tbnn lose fc yard, she felt preparod to smash every boae in ber body. 'JTie j)ace at which they were going intoxicated her. Thoso who hunt themselves, having doubtless often realised the sensation, will recall times when tUey have ridden theii very best under similar circumstances, and will sympathise with what less adrouturous spirits might term this dare devil. foolhardy mood of the girl's. Golonel Clinker, on Suowflukc, oiurr becocno conscious that Kate lb e watr was following cloeo iu his footsteps, had several times turned round iu tho course of the run nnd shouted to ber to come fast or Blow, as the cqso might be, at any particular fence, and during these brief glances he perceived that in epite ot Kate's courage and good horsemauship, Griaette had completely overpowered her mistress, and was far from i being a «afo conveyance. But there was little time for rdtlection. Sioco' thsy hnd left Stoma w, the hounds had never faltered for a. second, hat .flown along with a breast-high scout. Very few yrai« with them. Dick Slant, tho 1 huntsman, and Colonel Clinker cut out the work/the Utter with Katp in attendance, and , behind tbom not more than a dozen horvemcn,. .each riding his hardest, with eyes eagerly bant on the racing pack, that, iu a compact body, streamed on, on, on, without a 6traggler or laggard among tho number, in 6teru and terrible eilcnce. The yokel had been right when he testified to Middington Gone holding a good old dog-fox, who had brought them along in u Btyle not often aecu. even iu the crack huutlcg county of Great Britain. Rut now Pug seemed to change hie point, and a»ain bore away to the right. The pace began to tell upon hv,nt as well as upon tho horses, and lie sought a convenient refuge, leaving the sound and apricgy turf which hithei to he bad closely adhered to, and making for the difficult country a1! round nbout Shppcrton, o village con- Bpir.uoua by a solitary u-iiidmill staudiug on a bi;: rouu'l hill, which formed a lauiinnrk to the furroucding neighbourhood. The fuucc3 here were regular "man trsps,"' guarded on o:io or either 6ide by stiff wooden rails, com monly called "oxer?.'1 Two ploughed fields, heavy aud binding, now lay iu Irout ot Gift pursuers, the first of therxi being separated /roru tde nrxble land by a tall mid uncommonly , hairy hullfiuch. D.ck .Slant pulled his clever hunter up to a trot, ana after xorae persuasion an 1 jobbing in the mouth, managed to bore a way through, aud theu pop off the bank over the ditch oa tho far side, and tho well-trained Snnwflako did likewise. It \vj> eminently a a place where a good steady horse showed to adv antage, hut it was useless aaking Orisette to go slowly or to double. She rushed at tho bullfinch m her usual Wild wild maimer. Tho rui'-a were torn out of Kate's bends, and she herself nearlv dragged off backwards. Never theless, she got over safely, though iu rather a sorry plight Her hat wax battered in, and a sharp thorn had caughtber face, and Ecratched it to such au exteut that the blood flowed freely. "The brute'." aiid Colonel Clinker indig nantly, as he saw the red drugs making their slow way down her disfigured cheek. "Why on earth does she want to go a thouiind mil us au hour at everything she comeB acrow !" " That's just what I cau't tali vou," gasped Kate, applying her pocket-handfcerchief to the injured part. "All 1 know iu, it'b exceedingly unpleasant.'" CutthBybad no time for further talk, for the hounds, though ruuuiog rather more slowly, were atill advancing steadily over the sticky clay fallows. Now there are certain burses who ran not get alocg at all iu heavy, wet soil. Evan animals that are very decent et&yers; jf the ground collapse altogether i ' hoofs sink fetlock-deep in the soft I'.rectiy they entered the plough, jgan to laboor and falter in her \- e stretched her head forwards, the ri r i lathered the reins like aoap-euda, nare's hung damp and straight . .. ig wisps upon hor dripping neck. i. . ,i< iearly snot her bolt, and now dropped \- thohand, altbouEh ahe'eeased puilicc hing at the bridle. As they crowed aio Dcuuud of the two ploughed fields she sub sided from a gallop to a canter, from a canter to a feeble lurching trot. Still it would never do to stop with the pock now well ahead, and Kate determined to struggle oa to the end, coute uu\ ccutr. Shs was by no means insensible to the danger of riding a bzateu animal, only she could cot bring her self to cease following the houads when up till cow bht had held bo good a place arid aater- Uirod such e pleaeaiit consciousneae of haviug gone really well. Nevertheless, what but a few short minutes ago, in spite of Grisetta'a Little eccentricities, had appeared to her the summit of human enjoyment, gradually assumed a painful and alarming nature. She began to speculate ou the probable duration of tho rut, and devoutly wished for its prompt turoiinatiua, or at least a prolonged and highly welcome check. If something did not happen, and that soon, ahe would be forced nolms volrns to give in, for to feci that wretched Grisette sobbing and labouring under her, to see the limp neck and distended nostril, to hear the catching breath and palpitating heart, gciop like a sledge liimmjr, to watch the convulsive jerkiugs of the quivering tail, and the spas modic he&vinge; of the panting flank, had become Iwth pitiful aud vexatious in the middle of a good run. Fortuuatuly there was gross once mere ahead, and only a small straggly fence intervening between it ana the plough. With a faltering leap, followed by a real bad peck and a desperate struggle to regain her footing, Grisette got over it, bearing away on her moist brow the markB of mother earth. "That was a near thing," thought Kate. However, a miss if as good m a mile, according to the old paying." Her spirit ruse within ber in spite of this 1 mishap, for ehe hoped that the light going, 1 aided to some judiciouB nursing on her part, might succeed in pulling tho mare throagh i after all. Rut these hopes were destined to De of very short duration, for to her dismay about a couple of hundred yards off loomed au immense stake-aiid- bound fence, newly trimmed, with a binder ranniug all along the top as thick as a man's arm, and apparently ten thou sand times mora unyielding — on obstacle, even on the futest and freshest of horses, entitled to gTaat respect. Colonel Clinker, when he saw it in the distance, took a pull at Snowfiake and waited for Kate to come up almost alongside. " For heaven's sake," ho Eaid in a voice full of anxiety, "take care what you are about 1 Your mare's dead beat, and 1 don't half like your going at it." "I can t possibly show the white feather now," cams tho bdbtb' between her set teeth, "At all events," he said, "let me go first. There's jastachauctf of Snowfiake'd carrying sway the binder, or making a hole somewhere. Put the mare steadily at the fence and Keep her well in hand, for she's bound to scramble terribly." But the gallant Snowfiake for once failed to satisfy hiB master's aspirations, He collected himself for au effort ana flew the obstacle like a bird, with at leant a foot to spurc. There was little fear ol Ins bringing toiibvrders away. So great, however, waa Golonal Clinker's onsiety that he pulled him back almost to a standstill, iu order that he might watch how Kate fared. Urging thu mare on by heel and voice, the girl rods bravolv at the fence; but even before Griaette took o 5 she knew for certainthey were bound to come to grief. There was no answer ing response to hor Cil!, no elasticley cf mction or williugcajB of spirit, nothing but a dia- henvtoiHQg reluctance to proceed, A horrible crash, a violent fall, a recollection of tho maro rolling backwards and fo-warda over her body, followed by the deathlike feeling of a heavy crushing weight pinning ber to the ground, were Kate's immediate sensa tions. Far too beat to attempt rising from the place where sho hai fallen. Onset to laid on the helpless gill, grunting with terror, every now us then bitting out with her bind legs, which racmeutarily threatened to daih the head of har uufortvnato rider to pieces. Each ininuto it BBemed as if the deadly iron hoofs must prove fatal. "Good God!" exclaimed Colonel Clinker, hastening to dismount. " I never saw a worse fall in ray life; ehe will be killed, to a csrtaintv. Hare, oqb of you felloiva," ha said to a couple of men who had just come up, "hold inv horse, will you? _ There is not a minute to be loit. We moat get her away somehow." His ft oa was ghaatly, with not a vestige of colour left in it ; elill hit presence of mind did not desert him. In any emorgancy he was quick to decide upon a oourso of action, he saw al a glance to at owing to the danger of | Griietta kicking out yet more violently, it would be useless attempting to draw Kate's prostrate body fromCnderherby main strength. Toe b;?t charcc appcr.rsd tc be to get tho mura ou her lege as quickly Dad as quietly nfl pos sible. Tho risk might bo great, but it must bo run. there was nn help for if. "Tee brute will struggle," ho Biid. " However, it's a case of Kill or cure, and wa ran ouly act for tho beat. Doluy cm do no good.11 Kate in hsr dangerous position hoard the " \ ou are right," she mid, looking at him with a faint smile, " iJeluy eau do no good, niid I promise to keep as still q; a laouw." The rolief of hearing her sjreak these few words and of knowing 6lie letained her senses was ho immense that jt lightened half the load of care weighing on Juck Cfiukcr'a heart. "Thai's light." he 6aid more cheerily. " Trust to ub, and all will come well yet, We Bhan't let any harm happen to j-qu if tee can holn it." She tried to answer, bat her face piled sud denly, as just then Griselto give a fresh 8truKfriei ftod tho iron lioofa missed her hsad bv tho eighth of an inch. DJ» the girl!" said Colonel Clicker to- himself, what a good plucked 'un she La, to be sure She has never acitatDcd once, al though I fearsho must be in groat pain." j And he was right, though 6he would have scorned any outward expression of the fact, for ' he/ breath came hard and a!ow, and a sickly sensation Was stealing over her. To be so near & Budderi and awful death, to realise all ite terrors iu that first swift, overpowering im pulse of physical fear and hunj&n; weakness common to mankiod, wa) au experience not lightly to be encountered even by bravest Katodid not call cut or faint, but in those few moments when Bhe lay tm icr Grisette ebs lived a lifetime. Suffering, retrospection, memory, hopes and doubts were all condensed in that brief period. Like in a mirror, the actions of her girlhood presented themselves to her mind —her dear dead uncle, the old home, Herbert Magme, Mary Whltbread, and a Lost of con! fused thoughts. How waa it that the life she had often prcfea-ed to diedain appeared so sweat at tho first prospect of losing it 'i Why did the suddenly cling to it with such a strange tenacity, when one good blow of GrifeUa'shoofs could bo ejfilyput au endtoearthly otrugglesV She could not have told, or gtven'hereelf any satisfactory reason far this change cf feclin", which at twenty- two was only thoroughfy natural, being but the strong vitality of youth rebelling against po3iible death, "Meantime fcveral people liocked round the spot where disaster had taken place, for bad aa human nature iB represented, there are alwaj's a certain number of folks ready if an accident occur, even when hounds are running bard, to give up their own immediate enjoyment and' come to the assistance of their less fortunate s j fellow-croaturc, Perhaps the consciousness that oua goad, turn deserves another, aud that j their own time may bo near at hand, has some- I thing to do with tho truly Samaritan Bpint which unoucstinnably exhibits itself in tho hunting-field. Aram who trill jump cn vou almost ns soon as look at you will nevcrthclesi often givo up a good iun in case of an emer gency arising. | Colonel Clinker, aided by several kindly volunteers, now Heired Grizcttc by tco hend and flank, aud with all his force attempted to raise her from the ground. Twice she made n sort of half effort, and twice, her legH seeming to Blip from under her, she rolled back on tho girl ; but at tbo third essay, and after a short though desperate scramble, during which Colonel dualier held up Grisette'e neck with an iron grasp, ehe macnged once more to regain her footing, and stood on all fours, Boorting and shaking like an aspoa-l&af.; Kate lavppr- fectly atill, for the two last 'rolls had crushed her aorely. " Are you terribly hurt asked Jack Choker fearfully, bending over tho prostrate fonr,, "Dear rnc! she is inaeasible!" be added iu alarm, when no immediate answer waa forth coming. IIj a words and anxious perturbed face braced Kate to fresh effort. " No, I'm not," she answered biavely, though ber lips quivered as she spoke. " At least," correcting herself, for she had never felt ns she did now, and was not very aure what might happen next, "at least, not quite. I shall be batter m n little, I dare Bay." " Ah, the brnto rolled right over you Bcversl times. However, 1 hope you will feel more like yourself in a few minutes. Ycu've had an ugly shaking." " Thanks, ' she replied. "You're all so kind to me, and I hate myself for ma king such an absurd fuss, but I think 1 Bhall do now." She tried to raise herself upon her elbow as ehe spoke, but the movement cemed «nrh slis. comfort she was glad !> ureis'. :T-.\rf V ' G rehera drop of mm' v," .iviyeif - « : "Undo her habit," e - i m; h her collar," adrued a .'h.r ' . t her "v aca." hazaroed a fou 4 n-i exola»ned a fifth ignor.i.t " ut -rdMutcnLor.ed onlooker. j " Do nothing of the -i. -j.,1 Colonel Clinkerf deci ' ; j.-.t 'he i . ly J have plenty of air, aar. ! <-r: >' i i bar together. Sha wa / . t for a bit, and allowed to remain where ahe is a few miautaauutil she comes round. In fact" he added, with a keener inijght into Kate'a probable wishes than was pofssised by the rest of the assembled company, " I realty hardly know if it is necessary to detain voa any longer. It's a pity for you all to lose your sport, and I will remain with the young lady, IfeelBuieahe would rather you lcet no more time." "Oh, yes!" interrupted Kate, "it makes me quite unhappy that so many people should havo their f uu spoilt on my account. Please go.' Thus admonished, oue by one the little crowd dispersed, until Jack Clinker was the sole member of it left. "I wish you'd go too," erid ehe, directly they fouod therosfives alcne, with a remnant of her old pride. " I've been quite bother onough as it is, and I daresay Stirrop will ap pear before very long. I don't the least mind being left alone, and I can't bear the idea of your not seeing the finish of so good a run. ' " Hounds are miles away by this time," ho answered in differently, " ana though I admit it i/ "S a good run, it is by no means the flrat, and, please God, by na means the last I shall take part in. So den't vex yourself ubout that. I'm not altogether such a selfieh Bavage as to loavo a lady all by herself la CLrcumitancei lfko th) present." He hesitated for oeu moment, and then added, "especially you,1' She could not have told why, but his answer comforted her. She had begged him to leave her, hut at the same time fihe bud not wonted him to go, and now he disclaimed the intention of quitting har so peremptorily that she de eisted from any farther persuasion. " You are verF good," ahe said ones more, "and I snppoBe you will take your own way, whatever I urge to the contrary." " Way !; why, of course, I shall ; I'm need to having my own way in everything, as you'll Boon find out," he ausw ored cheerily. Hie ad miration for her cool courage was rising fas. At that momeot all thought of fox and hounds had vanished from his mind. His next action was to take off his red coat, roll it into a bill, aud place it under the girl's head. "There, that'B heller, is it not ha said. " Hakes a sort of pillow. I)o vou fee! cold at all? I wish to goodness I had Eomelhing to throw over you aud keep you warm After ail I was a fool sending thoas fellows off in auch a hurry, but I began to b> afraid they c.iht annoy you, They mean, woll, but have not a bit of tact." I'm very glad you did," she said with a smile. "Somoof their suggestions were posi tively alarming. But won t you catch cold without any coat 'r ' That simple act had touched her woman's heart, and predisposed her mor more in his favour than ill teat bid gone before. It testified to a chivalrous aud. kindly na.to.re. Not I. Do joq think I'm, barley-sugar to melt in the suu or the rain, a s too case may be: Hat we must not let yon stay here too long, for there is such a thing as rheumatism in this world. Dj you think you could get up now if I were to help vou a littler Don't ue in any hurry, unless vou feci inclined, onlv perhaps it inay be wise to make au effort." "ITltrv" ehe said, subnrisii rolv. "I feel much better thau I did a little while ago." "Capital! The quiet lias done you good after all 1 I have had so many falls of one sort and another myself that I know from ex perience whet a relief it is, when one is knocked out of lime, to be allowed to lie still for a minute or two. Officious frauds cither can't or wcn'l understand that fact, and fcive you no peace until they have hauled you on to your horse aguiu. Olten ati'l often have I wished tbyi all a hundred miles away." " Tdlkiug of horjes.. what has become of my unfortunate Bleed ? Has sh«i broken her uecfc or run away." " Neither, though the former would but have served her right for her miadeneanonre. She's not very fir off, or likely to wander ia her present condition." The Honorable Jack cist an indignant glance ovbt his Bbonldsr at the uucooicLaus autaoretB of K&te;'s misfortunes, who, hed to a gate-post, ido by eide with the good old Snowfiake, looked exceedingly wretched and forlorn, beipattered with uud from head to tail, the crutcha of her saddle all dented. In, and bar coat, stiffening rapidly from the cold air super veiling on lavish perspiration. "Thobenati" exclaimed he, eyeing her with . marked disfavour. "I should lie to shoot her on the pot," "Don't ba 6o hlocdthirity. Wljs'. d!:l pner GriBetlo do to enrompn-w our downfall, for really I hardly know ?' ' will toll you easily enough, fihe mjvet mado the ghost of an oftoit, or rose oivj oiuwle inrfi, bat Just galloped straight into the fence, caught the binuer with hur chest, rro:l turned a complete somersault into tho lk-ld, A pretty lady's hunter !" "New, I won't have you abuse? iav property. It's not good manners ; besides, remember, the poorthiijg waa dead beat, aal really was not eovnuoh bo blame after all, We eocsied to me toh&vebeon; gallomng tremendously fast, and I don't somehow tlriuk she's much of a etarer She did notgivo me tho impression." 41 That I can eaBily believe, for tearing, rushing brnUyj generally do pull themselves . out in something" nnder twenty minutes, and once they begin to blow it'e all up. They ride like a lump of load for the rest of the day. I don't tumble to that class of animal. ITinc times out of ton they're soft, showy, and cowardly. As for Griflette— that ia her uamo, ia it not ?--you ought net to give her a chaneo of repsating her ill-conduct in the future. You stuck to her like a brick, and rode awfullv well, 1 but take my word for it, abe'e not a safe \ aoimBl for any lady to hunt." " She has her faults, I admit, hut perfection ' is terribly hard to find, either in human beings or in horseflesh. Such at least is my experi- Sbo had succeeded in asaumii & Bitting position, bQt still felt unequal to the task of remounting or standing upright. It was, therefore, with some relief she B&ur; Colonel Clinker's second horseman now appear on, tho eceno, who lonching his hat' respectfully,! as if not altogether «ure his presence might not bo considered incompatible with certain orders ha had received erstwhile, eiid in a hilf- apologetic, hxlf-explaoatory eort'of1 way — " Begpardou, air : but farmer rimrth 'oefcoldme aft ow you was a -staying behind witba lady as 'ad met with a had hiccideut. and I took the liberty of riciag Hopal part of the way back again to see if I could reuder any assistance. I 'opo I acted right, eir." 44 Quito right'" answfTedhiBiiiaRtcr, in tonce of unqualified approbation, though the cbotjccs were on any other occasion poor I.estherdAle might have received a Revere reprimand fcr this breach of discipline " Aud r.oiv, "Leather, dale, attend to what I say. I want you tc go straight to tho inu and tell them to bring a trap immediately, and tc wait af the crossroad for Grauby until I turnup. You know the place I meriD, don't you ' " Yes, sir. well nigh upon tho old sign-post, afore you come to the seventh milestone, " I "Exactly; and Liatberiale, don't forget to oak for the loan of a eh awl or warm wrap cf tome Bart or other. The young lady ia sine to feel chilly after a bit, when the reaction sets in. If they make any bother nhour lending it, you can mention niy name and give thrra half-a- crcwri. l)o you understand what 1 want V" " I'm to order r trap and borrow n phawl, and tell 'em to wait till you coido. eir." "That's it, and Loatherdeiio,'' turning to Bpeak with the mau ruidc, bo that "Ivatc might nut overhear bis final injunctions — 14 it's as well to ba on the Bafe Bide. If you should happen to meet Mi?s Browser's groom on th"? way, or any one going in the direction of Foxintou, ask him to cull at 23r. Baker's ami leave a message say- ; ing hia servioea will be required it Spurt Lodge in about an hour's time. 1 fear there may ho some broken bouoB to set." "'Deed, sir! I'm Borry to hear thit,Bir!" said Latherdale with ready sympathy as he Todo off to do his master's bidding, determined, after the manner of his kind, that the ill-news of Miaa Brewaer's accident should lose nothiag in transmUrioii, hnt rather jgain id point and piquancy. CIlAPThH XV.— A Fmrsn. it? Nlkd. Ab soon oa he had roqc, Colonel Clinker said to Kate in a voice of quiet authority ; "And now we most get you to yon r feet. You havo lain on that damp ground quite long enough, and will derive no more benefit from keeping still. Cau you nae by yourBelf, or eball I help you V" Kate shook her head, and declined assistance In her curiously independent way, but only to find a moment later, wheu ahe struggled ap with great pain and -difficulty, that sho could not possibly do without aid. For one instant she ttood tottering and sway ing to aud lru like a helplesB rted in. the wina ; thon suddenly the green tield?, G'riaette, Snow- flake, Colonel Clicker, aeemed to awim before her eyes, a sickly fsintuasfi stole over her frame, and ehe would have fallen had cot Jack _.rnrt,4 Vr- 1.S- -rm. irlFt fwl 1 .uV ;C- V. 1 >1. reiji h.i; :1 b M I.';. him more than any woman had hitherto dona in his whole liti before. It was the eanie feeling he had experienced the night of Mrs. Forreeter'fi dinner party, but now it returned with twofold strength, lie took oat his silver flask, forced brandy through the girl's set teeth, and waited anxiously for the symptoms of returning life. Gradoklly a faint tinge of colour, like tho blosh of a white roee, flickered back, into her cheeks, and the beautiful lashes which hid the grey eyes curled themselves upwards. At firtt her look waa vague and wandering, hut as little by little the brain bean to reassert ita power, a roay flash suffused nor whole coanten- ""Iani better now," she said, freeing herself fromhiaarms. " I can't think what made mo so silly. I have nover fainted until fco-dav."' He let her go directly, hut even then she could not et&nd; alone. He held out his hand that powerful, manly hand she had noticed aai liked before. " Will you net take it r" hs said with a half, smile. " You are proud, hut you see yon can not do without rne altogether." She put her small pslm in his, and ha lad btr like a little child to the place, some few yards distant, where the two hones were standing tied together. " If you could manage to Bit on Gnsetta tot a haudred yards or so," he said gently, "just till we get to the road and m?et Uis trap, I think it would be batter for youthan walking. Will you miud mvlifting you up r" 41 No," ehe saia simply. It was a strangely sweet and strangely novel sensation to l.er, who for so many yeaw had been accustomed to take the lead, to decide and aot alone, to find someone who could do these thing® for her. It seemed pleasant to be pro tected and cared for, especially when she was Buffering. Many men might have taken ad- vintage of the situation, mroht have made their kindness felt as a matter calling for gratitude ; but hr did everything so quietly and eo naturally that she could but accept nis services in tho same spint in which they were rendered. "Dc not be afraid," he said, when he had lifted her on the roata, "I will lead Grisette with one hand and bold you with the other in case you bhould feel giddy. I?t me know if it hurts you moving." He walked by her aide in alienee, but though the motion of the animal Rent a sharp catchy pain to her heart, Tid made hvr grow hot and cold by turns, she shut her lips firmly over her white teeth, determined no sound of oomplsuit should escape them. She could not bear that he should think her a coward, end so at length they reached the roadside, where, to their no BranUjcy, an open pony-chaise stood iu readi ness awaiting tneir axr.ml. 14 And now." said Colonel ClinkT to the mau in charge, "I propose driving the young lady home, provided vou. can. manage to ride the grey and lead the mare back. They are both pretty well tired out, and will be as quiet &b; Solacing he helped Ka'.e into the vehicle, propped her up with the cnahious of the seats, and after tucking a couple of shawls round fier, sealed himself in the empty place by heT side, and taking up the reins drove off at a good 41 The sooner we get home the better," he said, "and as the trap only holds two, I thought perhaps it might ba pleaeanter on the whole lor vou IcBt l6hould come instead of the ni&u;, who would not have known what BtepB to take had yon turned faint again on the way." Ho deemed it necesanry to make this ex plaoat on, although ho d:d "or deem it necessary to tell her how reluctant he felttu part from her, at least uutil he was awured she was in good hands. "You ore very kind and considerate, ' she said in reply. "I did not know men were eo thoughtful." . Hhe waa cot going to tell Aim cither how ! completely the arraugement satisfied hBr. After all, it was oulv natural to prefer Lib rociely to that of the inn nropnetcr from Shepperton. "Ah! I forgot. Your estimation of our sex is extremely pocr, Well, no matter-— all the more reason for ms to endeavour to raise it. "Did you think that wheo— when— " she began eagerly, but ebeoked herelf as suddenly. She was thinking. " when yau made tie bet," "When whatr' he said, seeking for an ex planation. , " Oh, no matter; or.lv eomething that jnst happened to strike me.' 44 Won't you tell ma what it was ?' " No, thank yon : I'd rather oot, especially as Ihc thought recalled a highly disagreeable recollection." Her tone had become cold and her manner frigid. " In that case I apologia? for my curiosity," he replied, relapsing into silence. "Bo you don't approve? of Grisvtto?'' she Raid presently, after a prolonged pancr. " Do you know, I'm afraid you're rather vindictive." "No. Approve of ner ? I should think cot. Confound the brute ' Sho's r roal bid 'no." "Now, once again I My, don't abouiy belongings ; it's not polite." " Irutn very Beldoni is. How long hae she been in your posse&sionr;" 'About two or three month-. I waa let its by 8 friend. Friends havo ? way of doing thewe pleasant little things attimes," " Voa, if you call them friends. I don't. I wish I could lay claim, however, to being one, eo that J might oaks favour at your bonds." " Is friendship the "itu >p\a ,n:ti whioh renders requests admissible ?" she asked maliciously. "Are they not often proffeied wirhout any par tic alar intimacy on eitheT side !-" 44 That Bpeech, is, I BiipnoBe, intended to ( remind me of bring without the pale. Thank I you, Mlbv Browser. You havo a candid manner of putting things highly calculated to impress people with a Beoeeof your hooeaty." 14 And you of snaking up one's words and not understanding chaff. What is this favour you oak?" 44 Simply that yon promise me a>evcr to ride Grisette again." Indeed! Am I to ihcw the whito feather merely because she has givcu me a. fall ? That would be cowardly," 44 No, not because ahe has given you a fall, but because ehe is a mad. Imadctrong, eoft brute, not worth her keep. "Will you oruoiise ?" "Butloanput Stircuy on ker, said ahe, equivocating. " She'd do nicely to jog about the roads on." 14 Very nicely. She would not pull Btirrup'B arms of?, I suppose, or run away, or go headlong into the uesuost oarriage'r No. of coureenot." 44 Now, don't bo sarcastic. If Grisette's not fit for mc to ride she's not fit for poor dear old Stirrup. Buthowncj Ito getrid of her "Easily enough. Make t\ chop with I'lwppB orflorao rzppectabla dealer. Depcud upon it, the firet Icif is alwayi the smallest iu cope? of this sort- TLctc'p no extravagaaoe bo ru.'aoui in the end h> that of arickiug to o bad get." He was charmed at gaining even this con- cession, fcr he liout-Etly oijI> d-j jirod her welfare. A pity he ccnld-uot leowe muttera na they wer? —a pity that conic foolish instinct prompted, him to bcud over her aud eay.iu a soft, persuasive voioa — 44 Will you think it over to -to — pleaso It was the lint iudkrretinn he had rommiitea — the ffrat peeth wbicU d--priv-d licr of her eenso of case. Mrs. Forrester had wai-nc.1 !. of his being a flirt. Had, he ulvendy begun to practice on her r L':v was ir-grc J'j.illy «rnncrtj:n> the roail for tint nitirua'.c prejjofal he had backed himeoU to mahe r " No, certaiuly-uot,'1 hhe riud rurtlv. ' It I think of selliLj- Grisette at a'', it will he to please myself, Lot other people : and rxcute my saying so, but do you Dot co'J-idrr I ought to be the best iu.'i£ of xnv own aiVair.- ',rT No snub could have be-n more dir-rt. Hip face flushed as hn anMwred Siauqhtiiy-- <4Cerlainly, Mies ffrews r. I xegrvt Iskuuld liave been so foolish as to display the "IfLlpst interest irt them. Hinccfarth I will studiously guard againbt any recurrnuce c: the fault." He flicked the pony charply with the whip, aud settled down into a gloomy >.ileuce. f>he felt ecrry for having for having produced this result, aud after a Lit emiei reared to resume the conversation. 41 What a lovely aftirncon it "b'-rs turned oat," she said, after a quarter of an hour had elapsed, during which not a word had besu uttered. Noanawcr. \- Colonel Clinker pretended to be absorbed in a profound contemplatiGU of the surrounding landscape. "The country about here looks gr.od fox hunting,'' she smd, wiahiii" mere and more a3 they lie: are d home to make ner pear?, and feel- iug conscious of haviog ill-re and attention. ' Do you 'jfteo run this way with hounds " Sometimes." 44 The fence Ic-ok very V.g ahoat here." ,4 Rather." "Iiuppose nuHi people doo't jump them, butstick to the roads f" 41 Yes." " How much facther are we fromFoxington 'f FArS" "No." ara just home.'' She mede no reply for a few eacoads. She waa cogitating on unwonted act of grace. They droTo tnrough the town, paat tho church, up the hill, then in at the gate oi Sport Lodge. Another minute and it wculi bo too late. She turned ker head away Boil stored at the scanty laurels which flourished i.l among tho clay roil. 4 Colonel Clinker," she said iu a low voioe, " I'll nroraife not to ride Griaette again if you wish it. I was wrong to apeak ; s I did, and I believe you had only my interest at heart." Itco«t her a great effort, but ne vertbelessahe felt easier whan it was over. Her worda sur prised him eo much that the old staid pony was actually suffered to fall into a walk. He looked her straight m the face, with one keen inquiring glance. " Tbank you," he said. That wae all, but fron the tone of hia voice she knew he was pleafied, and that she had nof Buffered Ln his good opinion. 44 Are we friends again then?' she asked softly. " I did not know you ever considered oa as Bach. Miss BrewBer.'1 "Nfivsr mind what ycu 4 did not know.' After the great kindness you have shewn tne this afternoon, I should ba sorry not to part amicably. We cau resume our differences, Lf necessary on some future occasion." "I devoutly hope,, then, that it may not prove necewary. Might not 'our differences,' as yoa call them, be buried altogether r" Kate, however, was aaved from making any answer to this qaeation by tbs appearance of Mary Whitbreaa, followed by Dr. Bafer. 4'0h, Kits'.1' ebo Hail. 4 What is the mattsr r" 4' Nothing very 6eriou3, I hop, only I've made rather au idiot of myself, nod given Colocal Ciinker no end of trouble," answered the girl. "I wish you would not mention that part of the business," he said. " Don't you remembsr a certain bargain wa made not so Long ago ?" ' I roail? am ashamed to say IVa quits for gotten it." 44 Why, that I was to ba allowod to pick you op wheuever you came to grinf." "Ah, yea, of course. Little did I think how Boon your ussistaao would be required." 'Anil now, K\te," sad Mary Wliitbraad, when between them she hid been helped into the hall, ' you must oome upstairs at once, and let Dr. Hiker pronounce upon your condition. Wo cannot allow you te Btaud talking here any longer." 44 Good bye, theo," she said to Colonel Clinker with a amile. "You see I'm under marching orders,' Shu put out her little hand frankly, and ho preurd it in his own. 41 Good-bye, Misa firawsar. I hope yoa will soon get well. May I be allowed to wait until the doctor issues hie bulletin r" 44 Certainly, if you care to tke so much trouble." 44 1 do core to," and then he turned away and went and eat by himself in the small cosy drawing-room. It seemed a perfect age before any one appeared to relieve his anxiety. He took in every detail of the apartment— the books, the work, the flower®, everv litUe eitro that betrayed the presence of ladies. He turned over Kate's photograph-book, and critically examined a faded likeness which represented that young lady, in ekort frock and shaggy hair, at the age of fifteen. " W hat a trump she is," he thought to hira- Bi-lf, as he recalled the adventures o! lha after noon. First, hiw she had followed him fence for fence all through the earlier part of the run, going straight as & dio, without auy pause or hesitation; next bow, riding a beaten horse, she had gamely etruggled to tbc b.tter end; and lastly, when the crowning disaster arrived, she had shown conspicuous courage, and never lost her presence of mind aua self-contrcl for a minute, bhe had roused hit admiration as much as ahe commanded his respect. He waB 6till sitting there poring over the photograph in an absttacted manner when Dr. Baker re -ap peared. Weill" he said, rubbing his cbubhy pink hands together with an audible chuckle, "I bring good news. The youug lady oil tr all is not so seriously hurt aa we imagined, and there areco bones broken. Her ribs have been hidly crushed, which accounts for "tba pain in breathing. A week's rest will, I "hope, work wonders. I have recommended her to kosp In bed for the next twenty-four hour, but if all goes well, I know no reason why a fortnight bhould not sea her in the saddle agauu She appears to hare aa excellent constitution and plenty of pluck, two Vfiry desirable but often I tninsing qualities Ln a patient." "Oh yes, ehe basplrnty of pluck; I on answer for that. Most women in iitr place would have made a terrible lo -do, but ehe never ultercd a (rinfjo complaint." Thiit night Jack Clinker's e'.uinlrswcrc very rmeasy, frequent/ dijtarbed by crushing sounds and the vision of struggling burses ana sweet girl faces. The tetter haunted him until the Branll hour? of the rooming, when nl length he gateed rcposr. Mis; PaRiser heard of Kate's accident/ bp a matter of course, and when ehe heard of i$Bhe remarked with glas io ever/ member of the hunting fold— 44 Ah, pcor thing T Just wEA one would ' expect. N&\- judgment and no notion of riding,- \- But there, very Likely st will do Lot good, and by the time site has been- brought back in a cart once or twice- more, perhaps she may begin to settle down and go like a Christian/' which speech being interpreted r>eant that Kate had ag3ai shown Mia Pulliserfte wky, autT&roused; iu ber a fierce aad bitter jealousy not lightly , to Lk quenched. Ntv lxaiea invarixbly pro voked hostile fecltaga, but a young and gocd- looking one who dared to cutMisB P&llueront; was especially to be condemned. Iflsigoifleant ones might be tolerated, but not those who ftspire ing field' of which Mise Palliaer considered ber self the queen. (to pe coirnxuED.) 