THE CAREERS OF THE PRINCIPALS. Tho result of the boxing contest between Australia's chnmpiou boxers, F. 1'. Slaviu ami Peter Jackson, which took plnco in the National Club, LOndon, on Monday night. was uwnited with conaidetablc anxiotv in'Melbotirnc. It is upwards of four ycurs since negotiations were opened up for ait heavy weights,- Prior to Jackson's departure for America some four years ugo strenuous efforts were made to bring the pair together ; in fact, everything was completed for a finish contest under the Marquis of Qucensbcrry rules to tako plnco at Sydney. As tiio date of tho battle drew near, Slavin's friends remembering what took place when Farnan was on tho nomr- of beating Jackson iu Sydney, prevailed upon him uot to pro ceed with the' contest. Thu result was that Slavin refused - to go on with tho match. However ho challenged tho colored boxer to a contest anvwhero out Rido of Syduoy. 11c wns particularly anxious to meet I'cter in tho ficlu at Albury. Thu latter, however, refused to box any wht-ro but in tho Capital of tiio Northern Colony. This led to a long correspondence in thu column of thu sporting papers. Finding there wus tin chanco of urratiL'inua match.. Jackson took passage on liunnl thu Alumcua, and sailed for San Francisco. In America ho was dubbed us tho coloured champion of Australin, whilst diaviu was designated the white champion of Australia. Just about this time Martin Costcllo, who had come over from America, was matched against Slavin. Tho match came off on tho grass near Albury, aud resulted in au cosy victory for Slavin. llo then made a tour of Victoria, offering L23 to any hoxcr who would stand in front of him for four rounds. Several tried, but nono ' sue- jt'cdcd. Ho- then took a trip to New Zealand, and knocked thu Maori cimnipioti, Harry Lang, out in liall-a-dazen rounds. Returning to Victoria, and finding it impossible to get ou a match, he sailed for England. Wo will now givo a few particulars of the principals' carcors : — PETER JACKSON is a native of West Indies, end was born in 1801. He stands fift 'Jin and weighs, in condition, about 14st 2ib. His dimensions are — Chest, 40in.; biceps, Ifijin.; forearm 14Un.; calf, 10in.; thigh, 24$in. Ho first commenced boxiug in 1882, iu Sydney. His first import&ut; battlo was with J. Haves, with whom ho boxed a draw. In a second couteat Jackson won easily. S. Brittnn was - his next cuttomer, und again Peter came nut with flying colors. His next battlo was of some importance ai it cairied the championship of Australia, 'i his opponent was Billy Farnan, the South Melbouruitc. Tho result of this is very well known. In tho seventh round Farnan delivered a dlodgc-hammor blow on tho ribs, which doubled Jscksou up in a ball. Ho was unable to proceed, any further with tho contest. A eocoml match was arranged— this limo in Syilury. When Farnan had .Jnukson nearly defeated tho ropes wcro cut and thu ring rushed. Previously Jack- sou beat Daoluy in threo rouuds. Subse quently Tom Lees met aud defeated Farnan fur tho championship. The colored boxer was not long iu issuiug a challougo to Lees, and a match was fixed up. Tbe con tent lasted about an hour end forty ininuttiR, and thon Jackson was declared tho winnor. This was his last cngogemout prior to his departure for tho Und of tiio Stirs and Stripes. Shortly attar his arrival in San Francibco ho inotand defeated Georgo Godfrey (adored) in 10 rounds. Ho then downod big Joo M'Auliffo in 24 rounds and Cardiff iu 10 rounds. AfUr a few moro minor contests ho rcturotd to Mel bourne. During his absence Joo Goddard assumed tho title of champion of Australia. Godnord's easy defeat of Owea Sullivan, Charlio Dunn, uim Fogarty, Miok Dooley aud a host of others, stamped him a very dangerous customer He was considered a tic uud proper person to pit agaiost tho sable champion. An eight rounds contest waa consequently arranged, and the match dtily cimo off in tho Crystal Palaot, Eicbmono, Jackson wo looked npon aa a sure winner Howai always considered one of the cleverest and trickiest hie men that ever put on a belt. Tothe surpriseofcvcrylKHly present, Goddard not only stoodupfor tbe whoio ol the eight rounds, but in the opinion of all good judccs who vitncncii tho contest had de cidedly the best of it. The referee declared 1 the result a draw. Jackson then returned to America, where Iiq recently boxed a draw, after a protracted battle, with Jim Corbclt. Now for a few wordsabout FRANK P. SLAVIN. He was bom at MaitUml. N.S.W., on the 27th January, in 1SG3. Ho stands 6it liu in his stockings and weighs in condition Kfst Clb. Hia measurements beforo he left Melbourne for Kngtand were:— Ghost, lljin ; forearm, I4in ; biceps, luin \ call, IGin; thigh, 22tin. Slaviu served bU apprenticeship asa blacksmith. He first gained notoriety iu athletic circles or a pedestrian. Ho won several handicaps, and' then left the cinder track tor the roped' arena. As an amateur boxer he was vury successful, winning several competitions. Then ho started nut as a ptofcssional. His first contests wcro nil in tho field with tho raw 'una. Ills first opponent and victim wan M. Power. The 'fight 'was for L50, and lasted seven rounds. This was about I8S3. Ho then met Jim ltnrke with small gloves for L'JOO aside and tbo championship of Queensland, lie pnnchcd Burke so hard ami often u to make him quit in three rounds. Slaviu then took matters easy for nbont 12 months. After touring the colonics, he went to ! Sydney. Thorc he kuockcd Taylor, a pnpil of Peter Jackson's, outiuaeoupleof rounds, and a hcuvy weight nnmuc! Blvth in one round. About this time Mick Dooloy was considered a tip-topper, nnn so Slavic took hiin ,on for L100 a side. Dooiey could onlv faco the music for nhio rounds, nntf thou retired. ' Martin Cos- teilo had just arrived from Americi, but was fully a couple of stone lighter than the Mail land lad. Tho pair were matched for L100 a-sidc. ' After a pro tracted battle of upwards of 30 rounds, nnd lasting nearly one hour and a half, tho result was a draw. Subsequently, a second match for LlOO was arranged, but Costcllo forfeited the IJOQ posted. Then nn attempt was made :o bring Jackson nnd Slavin together, but all attempts proved futile. Another tour of Victoria, and thon Slavin crossed ovor to Now Zealand, whore ho defeated Snath in ono round, nnd another heavy weight in Duucdin iu less than two rounds. Tic then took on Harry Lung, tho New Zealand champion, tor L20U a-sidc. Tho match came off at Waugnnui. Lung offered a stubborn resistance for five rounds, and then was coinpallod to quit. During .Slavin's absence Jackson sailed for Yaukecland. Tiio former came over to Mcb bourne and boxed a draw with Jack Bunco, tho Irish lad. > Shortly afterwards he dofcatcd Burke in - three rounds at the Hibernian Kail. He also boxed Mick Dooley, of Sydney, for L20U aside witli small gloves. In this match ho tint up a record, as . ho settled tho ceuial Mick's pretentions hi 2uiin 40acc. He also polished Billy Farnan olf in short order, and, as stated above, he defeated Martin Costeliti in tho ring near, Aluurv in nine rouuds. Woolf Bundofi, the English heavy weight, was also uutchcil against Slavin. However, ho failed tu go on with thu contract and forfeited. Failing to Cud any morocustbincrs, he sailed for KuglanJ. Ilia first engagement in the mother country was with Bill Goode, whom he cusily defeated In five rounds. Then cuirtu hi« mcmorablo contest with JimSmith, thu then clumpion of England. . The con test came otf at Bruges, near Brussels, lie punched Smith all ovor the ring, hut was prevented iroin Bending him clcau out by a mobof Birmingham roughs. Thusuworeurmed with heavy- sticks, and every time .Slavin struck a blow liu would receive a blow with a stick.. Still Slavin fought on, and just as Smith was- hopelusly beaten in the twelfth uund there was a cry of paiicu. Tho ring was rushed and the referee declared the ru suit n draw, although Smith had left the ring. However, it wax generally looked npon as a victory tor Slaviu, nnd he has since been hailed Champion of England. A match was then urrnnged with big Joe M'AiililVc, of America. The matoh camo off in Loiuluti, slavin wiiimng iu a round nnd a half. After u short rest tliuGfrmtpiun sailed fur Amurica. Thuro hu mut Jako Kil rain, whom lie bested in ttiuu rounds, at tiio Grimito Club, New Jersey, on the Ifith Juno, 