a HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" Now, which is, Ihfi workers have no appetite for yow cRane, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There are lula ul ¡KUy\a on me one side of the other of this question. When " good digestion waits on appetite and health on both, that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food Without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a, man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy MR food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on If the latter, why 1 Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 changed my work from railway porter to signalman. 1 had been signalman twelve months, and then all at ones, so to speak, I did not feel my - self, My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. ODO thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite of poor, with pains through the cheat and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation " at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was , attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. "I dreaded," he says, the thought of eating and many a scanty meal have I made, a Jor I was afraid to eat. " " After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, us if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep. I What he means by the fear of " something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of DOG moment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, I the creatures of a restless and ungoverned I imagination, I " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. J «tin sure no one has suffered so much as I have done. In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. \- Well. the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read is a book of a case exactly the his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, "got me a bottle at Mr. LangstafPs, In Woodcsford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) " G KORO E HUNT, " Car Bottom-road, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds. We publish this by Mr Hunt s desire, in order that part of the world at least may I know how thankful he in and for what a reason A PERFECT FOOD -The Medical Press and the acute pronounce Cadbury a Cocoa absolutely pure and of the highest quality, (free from added starch or sugar and comforting strengthening and nourishing for old and young, robust and feeble BOMB l'SBPLS Will TAXI till Well It Cod LlVOI I Oil can be taken and defeated, everybody knows Ita nutritious properties slavery rich, but how many people really get the value from the oil f We at by very low for It requires most powerful! digestive organs to split up the fall The bout ways to take OodHverOtlinsformwharein the oil obtains an all aobdivliled-snd.rtsdr for absorption. Thistle fnaaacvsatuiiler like sdero.t, In the "Jltpltr Ooauvat OU" Boronia irnKaUl ' Kiss my estate and land tUalsaapaaasleBifuYon» Iwaaiay land tax has «xtsatlTal i-" 