. THE DISCARD I~D_.UTGTER; BP Mls. E,?IA SoUTIIWORTH. CHAPTER XL (contieued.) 'Yea! my aspiring heart! too much, I foar for my soul's good; and I know, I know by all the glorious gifts of Heaven to me, I know by all my mighty power for good or ill, by all my absolute unswerving will to good, I know that I. have a right and title, Heaven-patented, not to the passive good opinion, but to the honour, the co-operation of the world.' 'And I tell you, haughty woman, as you stand here a very goddess of Pride, I tell you as you stand here beneath these halls, where you should never have stood, invested with all this power, that you should never have possessed; armed with the might of vast wealth and of high talent, arrayed in the magic charms of young womanhood and perfect beauty. I tell you that you are now--naught, that you will be, unlesR you marry me--a suspected, proscribed; banned, outcast woman !' He expected this to overwhelm her. But she turned her large, dark, solemu eyes, solemn now with pro. phetic inspiration, upon him, and in quired calmly, 'Why ?' 'Listen, girl: You are ambitious, arrogant, scornful. Yet a few words from me will subdue all that, by showing you that you are obliged to marry me. Attend ! we made the tour of Europe alone together, putting up at the same hotels, having a common parlour,, a common table, a common carriage--' ''Well, sir! That is easily under stood in guardiau and ward' 'Not when the guardian is a man of thirty-seven and the ward a girl of twenty; not when Both are young, and on is beautiful,' he added, sneeringly. 'Often, you know it, we were mistaken for a mar nied pair--' ' nd for brother and sister,' she added, the blood mounting to her hrnw. 'Which we were not. Now, attend ! All that familiarity may be under stood in a guardian and ward, who are, besides, known to be betrothed to each other, and who keep their tacit promise to society by marriage. Now, listen! if. you should no~ con sent to marry me-' 'IfIdonot! Iwillnot. .There is no ?.' 'Then all your beauty, wealth, and talent, with all the power they give you, avail you nothing. You are an outcast !' She dropped into her chair again, she paled even to her lips, the fire died out of her eyes, and even from every lurid ring of her dark bright hair. He gazed at her ironically, saying slowly, 'Ah! you do not care for the opinion of the world.' 'Do I not?' she exclaimed, with sudden and impassioned energy, 'do I not aspire to the hondur of all the world? DoInot know and feel by all that I am and have, and by all that I purpose to do and to be, that I have a God-given patent to such honour? Has not my soul prophesied it ?' 'And I repeat to you, haughty woman, that unless you marry me you will not have it. Your powers are all paralyzed.' She dropped her hands upon her lap, her head lay upon her bosom, in the collapse of despair. 'Ha! trapped, palsied, helpless!' hO exclaimed, exultingly, 'where is -nzw your vaunted independence? your pride? your scorn? gone! quite gone ! why, so much the better. You will malk the bethfer wieo for the loss oftthat. Come, Garnet, I love you; could i;orship your beauty, sometimes, only that it seems to spoil you; come, I love you. L3t us cease this absurd quarrel and be friends; Come, do not look so despairingly. Harsh and stern as I may be when threatened with your loss, I shall not make suah a bad husband. Aud for the rest--Bless me, girl, you kuow my family and my standing,--shall I be such a very ill match for General Gornet'--' L-e paused, . and she raised her death-like brow, and, wiping the cold drops of sweat from its pallid surface, said, slowly and with profound sad ness, 'Oh.h-h! You miserably miscon. ceive my grief. It is this that over .whelms me; it is the thought of * your-' 'Villainy! Speak out; I will re lieve you!' he said, sarcastically. ' I did not mean to use the word.' 'Policy, then! for it was no more nor less; only finish.' 'It.is this, then, that crushes me with sorrow; the knowledge that you, my only .protector, who should have warned my inexperience against the least social mistake, and shielded my good name from the slightest chance of injury, that you, my .guardian, having perfect authority over me, and undisputable control of ,all my actions; that you, my friend, having my perfect confidence and affection, that you should have abused that authority, betrayed that confidence, and wounded that affection by leading me into acourse of conduct, pre-calculated, pre-contrived to fetter my choice in woman's dearest privilege, or to blast my fair fame and palsy my powers of usefulness for ever.' ' Bave on! be abusive, scornful, insulting as you please. But I tell you, arrogant woman, that he whom you abuse, insult, and scorn will be' your husband yet.' - ' And I tell you, insolent man!' she' exclaimed, starting to her feet with all the fire of her nature burning in her checks and blazing in her eyes, 'I tell you that, wronged, sus pected, proscribed outcast as 1 may be; and add to that poor, friend. less, ill, persecuted, desolate as I may he, I could not fall so low as to become the wife of the wretch you are. I repel your pretensions with •scorn and loathing. Begone'!' He gazed at her in speechless amazement. Was this incarnate storm, his ward ? the dignified, self restraining, self.governing M?iss Sea bright? Yes, the violent passions of her nature, restrained for many years, had now burst the bonds of moral power. The volcanic tide of fire that had ebbed and flowed, and been re pressed through all this scene, had now broken forth in appalling power. Her form was erect--and dilated her cheeks-her brow was crimson, her eyes blazed and darkened, and blazed arid darkened, with terrific rapidity. 'Begone!' she thundered, 'out of my sight, or by the Heaven that made me I will summon my slaves and have you thrust forth with contumely from my gates!' Her hand was on the bell, her insane purpose was in dubitable. With a gesture of desperation he ruished from the room. She gszed after him until he had closed the door. She stood motion. less a long, long time, while the tide of fire ebbed; then sinking with the reaction of the exhaustion and self reproach, she covered her face with her hands, murmuring in heart broken tones, 'God pity me! God forgive me! WVhat a natureis mine! With a heart and bosom torn, tor tured, convulsed by storms of fero cious anger, scorn and pride, yet with a spirit brooding highly, calmly over all--as above the clouds, and thunder, and lightning of the earth shine the holy stars of Heaven.' CHAPTER XL. LIG3IT ON THE ISLAND. Her wretohed brein gave way, . And she became a wreck at random driven, Without one glimpse of reason or oa Heaven Long remained Miss Seabright with her head bowed upon her hand in bitter thought. Twice a servant came and announced dinner without her seeing or hearing him. The third time, when he approached and spoke close to her ear, she raised her head languidly, and said, 'Ask Miss Joe to dine without me.' And when Miss Joe herself came in with anxious inquiries about her health, and affectionate offers of tea and toast and jellies, she answered, with a bitter smile, 'Oh, be easy, dear friend; a little fasting will not hurt my flesh and blood !' Day waned, and still she main tained her silent and thoughiful pos. ture. Night came, and a servant entered with candles. The glare of light aroused her, and looking up she saw the dark face of the man turned ashen gray with fear. ' What is the matter, Cresar ?' 'Light on the island, Miss; you kin see it plain as star ashinin !' 'Light on the island? Well, I will go and see myself. Where can this light be seen from ?' 'From de garret window, Miss, sure as you're born.' 'Go on before me,' she said, rising from her recumbent posture, and following the man up the several flights of stairs to the attic. Arrived there, in the very front room where Elsie had been a'prisoner, on the last night of her stay ,at Mount Calm, they paused. Miss &eabright; advanced t. the window, threw it up, and looked out at the clear, brilliant, starlight night. There was not a breath of wind stir. ring. The air was still and cold. The rolling hills and plains white with snow, and intersected only by tie belt of forest around the foot of ,Mount Calm, reached silently on the dark boundary of the sea. ' Why, I see no light at sea; none any 'here except the myriad light of stars in Heaven l' said Miss Seabright, letting down the window. 'Brass you soul, miss, no more you can't, leastwise you puts out de candle and looks t'rough the spy. glass ?' 'WVhy, here's a fellow! who not having causes of trouble enough near him, must put out the light and take a telescope to find out. distant ones ! Well, set the candle outside the door, and give me the glass' And taking the telescope she went anain to the win dow and hoisted it. 'Yes,' she said, after taking siaht, 'yes, there is a light shining still and clear, and ap parently fixed near the ruins of the old lodge!' 'Oh,.it can be seen plain as pos sible from the village,' said Miss Joe, who now entered, followed by other members'of the household. Miss Seabright closed the window, and turning to the assembled group, said, with her singular smile, S'Well, now, this is really a very small affair for.conjecture, and could interest none but a country family in the depth of winter.. Let us go down stairs, It is pr6bably some poor, lone soul, who, having no other shelter, has put together the ruins of the old lodge, and lives there and supports himself by fishing and shoot ing.' 'Yes,' said Miss Joe, 'that might he well enough, and nobody think nothing of it, only you see, honey, the folks from the village halve been over on the island in the broad day time sarching, and they can't aind the leastest signs of humn habitations; the poor, dear old lodge is more t?mble. down-der than ever, asia course it maust naterally be every winter, with no one to keep the dear, old crippled thing on its legs.? Lord, child, the neighbours from Hutton town found all so dessolute that the very stars of heaven where shin down into the water collected in the cellar. No roof, no chimneys, no floors even; nothing but' the'lonesome, dessolute walls, and the stagnant cellar.. They didn t find anybody, nor any sign of anybody, though they sarohed all over the island--but, mind, that was at sunset, and that night about dark the light- blazed up there aesbright as ever!' 'Why did not the neighbours go and search then ?' 'They did. They got into the boats and rowed straight back, watching the ghostly light all the time, and just afore they landed, it was out.' 'Did they carry a light in their boats ?' 'Certain.' 'Then the great problem is solved. It was some fugitive slave, a refugee. on the island, who, seeing the ap proach of the boats by the -lights they carried, extinguished his light, and concealed himself.' 'As if he could. Lr', child where could he hide away on that island? All plain and bare, and bleak as it is; no bit o' woods, no hollow; nothing but the outside walls o' the old lodge, with its cellar full o' water, and the lonesome, bare trees standin' far apart like ghosts.' 'True; very true; there is not a hiding place possible on the island. But I cling to the thought of the fugi. tive refugee, who, seeing ?Je invaders, probably extinguished his light, and took boat for the open sea.' 'No, honey, that w'a'nt it. Bless you, they thought of that at once, and lit more pine knots, and separated, and run all around the coast of the little islet, and flashed their lights about, and couldn't see of a boat on the waters.' 'Then I am at the end of conjec ture. Como, let us go down. It is cold up here. Take up the candle, Cesar,' said Miss Seabright, ,turning from the room. 'Yes, let's go down; it is so cold up here. And supper's ready in the little red parlour. That's what I come to tell you, when these niggers all followed me. I tolly Milly long as you hadn't eat any dinner, and felt sort o' low spirited, to get supper airly, and br'il a pair of pa'tridgee. A cup o' good, strong Young Hyson tea, with light biscuits and br'iled pa'tridges, is very good for lowness o' spirits. I. knows it, 'cause I've tried it myself.' They hurried through the bleak passages, and down stairs. Miss Seabright, preceded by the servant bearing the candle, aiid fol lowed by the old lady, entered the parlour. The comfortable little par lour, with its thick carpet, heavy cur tains, soft sofa, bright fire, and elegant tea table, was certaiDly a specific for mere low spirits. The old lady bustled past Garnet, and set the urn upon the table, burning her fingers slightly, and rubbing them, while she exclaimed cheerily. 'There now; sit down. As there's no one here but you and me, you know, you c.n draw the end of the sofy to the table and loll on that, while [ pour out your tea and butter you a biscuit. Crosar, you cut up that pa'tridge for your young mist'oss \--not that one, you stupid creetur! t'other one, it's the plumpest. Now you see, honey, the maids have got through their day's work, for a won der, and I have got time to stay in the parlour and enjoy myself 'long o' you. And so we'll have a jolly good even ing; you can loll on the sofa and enjoy yourself with your low spirits and colonge bottle - only don't waste it--and I can sit here and patch my old gown, and talk about old times.' Garnet looked at the good-natured face of the old lady, andl felt com punction for the answer she was about to make- 'Iam naooiiy to spoil the plan of your evening's entertainment, Miss Joe, but I am going to explore Hut ton's Island to.night.' 'Going to explore Hutton's Island to.night!' exclaimed Miss •Joe, dropping knife and fork, and staring at her. 'Yes.' 'You!' 'The Lord have mercy upon her i I've been havin' of my misgivins all this time, but now I know she's a little deranged!' said Miss Joe, to herself. Then speaking aloud, in something of the tone one would take in addressing a sick and delirious" child, 'No, no, honey, don't think of it! You're sick, you know, and it is cold and dark and dangerous. Then, it isn't proper for a young lady to do such a thing, anyhow !' Miss Seabright? smiled a queer smile, as she replied, 'For the first objections, my good old friend, cowardice is not one of my weaknesses; for the last--' she paused and her smile deepened in meaning-'I made a start in life by quite inno cently perpetrating a heinous, a fatal \--orime? no, impropriety! I broke no law of God or man; yet I am told that for that Ishall be banished from society, unless I do commit a sin, in open day, in face of society; who will then forgive me!' 'Mad! mad!' said Miss Joe, to herself, gazing at the ironical girl. 'Well! 'What's banished but soet asee P I will do whatever I please--cohn ventional or unconventional! .I will break no law of God's or man's, and after that is said, all is said for me. For the rest, I will do whatever my spirit impels me to do, wheth'er the world likes it or not!' sai4 Garnet, speaking more to herself than to another, and rising and ringing the bell. ' 'Mad'! mad! mad! 'and 'getting worse every minute,' said Miss Joe, hurrying out, and hastening into the frout hall, where Cmsar0wasr lighting the lamp. , ' Casar, come here to me, quick- close. Hush! don't say anything. Go as hard as you canfto Hemlock Hollow, and tell Mr. Lionel Hard castle how he must coie as fast as possible here; how lia's wanted badly, very badly, . Hurry-mount a fast horse, and go as luick as ever you can !' The man, with his eyes staring wide, ran to obey. Miss Joe then re turned to the parlour, where she found Garnet giving d.rections to a servant to have two horses saddled, and prepare himself t) attend her down to the shore. Miss Sea bright was giving her orders with so much calmneass and pre cision, that the old ladj thought she had a lucid interval in her madness, and that this afforded her an excellent opportunity for argumert; so, as soon as the man retired, she said, coax ingly, ' My dear child, think of it !' 'I do, Miss Joe; and the more I think of it the more I want to go. , I am determined to vary the tedious monotony of my days with a little adventure!' ' My dear child, you have heard of the fate of Agnes! How she was either murdered, or1 carried off from that island by unknown ruffians. To be Coitinued. 