An EVENTFUL NIGHT, OR THE CAPTAIN'S PERIL. CHAPTER II (Continued). Captain Gologent was no coward, but, standing there, in the room of that lonely inn, with the knowledge that a murdered corpse lay beneath the bed, and he, too, might soon be attacked, he felt his nerves quiver with excitement The light had fallen on the side of the alcove, and he saw there a line descending ) erpandicularly along the wall to the ground. The paper that covered it was of an intricate pattern, and it was at this spot shaded by the ample drapery of the bed He aip "proackcd closer, aad the tight fell on the wall. He saw then that the per pendicular line which bad attracted h:s attention formed one side of a well defined doorway cunningly matched into the pattern of the paper. He touched it, "and it shook slightly, but it was securely fastened on the outside. He stopped with an involuntary gasp. What was the meaning of a door so artfully contrived and in so strange a position 7 He guessed clearly enough. The other door, with its obtrusive fastenings, was but a device to delude , the occupant of the room into fancied security. At any moment, and probably without any previous warning, the , secret door might open, and he would , then be at the mercy of treacherous , assassins. He saw with dismay that he was caught like a mouse in a trap. ■ What could he do ? He stood and thought. With futile , regret he remembered his faithful dog shut up in the stable outside, and de- , plored the easy confidence with which he had consented to their separation. Caisar was no mean antagonist, and, had the gallant animal been beside him, he might have kept the ruffians at bay. , Bat now the odds against him were heavy. Suddenly an idea flashed across his ' mind. It was horrible and dangerous, but he thought it might possibly succeed, and there was not much time for deliberation, for the peril was pres ing. Therefore he proceeded hurriedly to carry out the ghastly plan that sug gested itself. , He drew forth the bale of carpeting from under the bed, and with hasty hand unwound the lifeless body from the dusty folds. It had been partly stripped, and a deep red stain on the left side of the under-clothing showed that death had resulted from a stab surely aimed at the heart. He lifted the body carefully on to the bed, closed the glassy eyes, and laid the dead man down in an / attitude that looked like natural repose; the'left side lay uppermost, and. the left ,arm was thrown over the head, leaving ■ the side defenceless ; then he drew the coverings well op so as to shade the pallor of the lifeless face. lie trusted that, when the assassins entered, as they certainly would, to serve him as they had done the other, in their guilty lmrry they would not think of looking closely at the figure lying iu the bed, and that thus the murderous knife wonld be used upon the dead instead of upon the living. Then he lay down himself under the bed, and drew the folds of the carpet '^■partially over him. He liad extinguished the candle, his despatches were in his pocket,' and he grasped liis pistol, with its solitary bullet, in readiness for the moment of supreme need, should he be called npon co defend his life to the uttermost. A pause of dreadful expectation ensued It was not the first time that he, the living man, had lain beside the silent dead. Bat then he had lain wounded on the battle-field, with the tread of comrades echoing still in the distance, and with the wide pure vault of heaven overhead. Every minute he passe i in the murky crime-stained chamber in which he was trapped was ‘ infinitely more horrible to him, in its awful silence, than all the weary hours be had spent in helpless suffering on the great plains where the brave dead lay so thick around. The house was treacherously still. ' save when ever and anon a fierce gust of Wind shook the crazy window-panes. Ever and anen too the dog in the stable outside uttered an impatient bark or fretful howl, or gave noisier demonstra tion of his wakefulness by springing angrily against the door that kept him a prisoner. At last however the dog too lapsed into silence. Only the watcher under the bed remained vigilantly wakeful, all his senses in an awful and unnatural tension, listening intently iv. the deep silence of the night. * A clock on the landing struck twelve. Its slow halting strokes fell sharply on . his ear, sounding ench like a knell to his excited imagination. As the last stroke; died, away the heavy oppressive silence resumed its sway. Presently there was a faint creaking sonnd o'n the worn stairs—stealthy cat- ] like steps approached cautiously ; then I there was a pause. The captain s heart gave a great bound, and he listened breathlessly. There was an interval of death-like Bilence. The peison outside was listen ing too. After a while, he seemed satisfied, and a slight fumbling sound was heard, accompanied by the careful turning of a key in a well-oiled lock. There was a low rustle as the paper edges of the secret door parted, and a light streamed in through the aperture. The watcher could not see, bat he knew what, was passing ihe assassin was standing on the threshold, and he had thrown the light of his dark-lantern on to the sleeper in the bed. For an instant he hesitated, but the caie'ess attitude of the prostrate form em boldened him. “ He sleeps sound ! ’’ The whisper rang through the still air like the hiss of a deadly serpent. It was the old man's call to his son to advance and strike the intended victim of tlieir greed. At this critical moment (he dog out side awoke. and began to haik furiously, throwing himself with noisy reheated vehemence against t' e stable doom Some instinct of danger to his master, aroused perhaps bv the sound of steps . moving about or by the passing gleam of a light, had disturbed the trusty creature and made him wildly restless. ' His roaster heard him, with a strange sensation oi helplessness, and so did the miscreant intruders. “ Curse the dog ! He will wake him! ” hissed the other voice. “ Don’t lose time then ! Strike, you fool—strike1 ” The brief colloquy took but a moment, but the short delay seemed an age. There was a hurried stride forward, then a dull thud over his head, and a second, and third. The great four-post bed shook and creaked as the heavy blows struck the lifeless form that lay there, but the cold steel evoked no cry. With a shuddering gasp the murderer drew back from big fonl work. “ It is well done,” said the remoreless voice of the old man. “ He did not make a noise—that one ! ” “ Ab, see the fine gold wateli—that’s well worth the trouble 1 Bote, do you tremble ? Bah, let u3 finish the work at once ! I will carry down this one,; you take the other to the old well—you know.” \- It was not over yet then—the actual struggle was all to come ! Captain Golugent nerved himself for it and, throwing' aside the wrappings, waited for the moment when the valance should be raised to spring up and fire, and then close in deadly conflict with his as sailant. There was a little farther delay. The murderer hesitated to comply, with the suggestion of his father. He was, how jver, just about to lift the valance in arder to draw forth the supposed corpse, when a most unexpected interruption took place. The half-opened door flew back'on its hih;es and a panting crea ture bounded in and threw itself with wild fury upon the stooping figure of the assassin. It was Cresar! With a furions grip the animal Fastened on the outstretched hand, of his miscreant, nearly sorering his thumb before he could be rlislo !gcd. A frightful oath and wild yells of pain rang through the chamber, and the mau dropped the valance, while the other came to his rescue and struck at the dog. With much trouble they con trived to reach the door, and to slam it hastily between themselves and their formidable adversary, as they retreated terrified and bleeding. The gallant animal, though bruised and wounded in the fray, fawned with rapturous joy on his master, who crept forth unseathed from his hiding-place, and who, with that trnsty friend beside him, felt comparatively safe from further attack. The pain and rage of the craven fel low found vent in frantic cries, which sounded more like the roar of some wild beast than any human utterance, and Caj3ar replied to them with a growl of mingled fury and triumph. No one came near the chamber during the rest of the night. The wounded man needed all the care of the other, and it was not likely that they would risk another encounter with Cajsar un aided. It seemed therefore that there were not any other accomplices nitliin call. Subsequent examination of the stable, door gave the clue pretty plainly. The hasp that had held the bolt was found on the ground, and the bolt wa3 hang ing useless on the door. The nails that had held the hasp were old and rusty, and must have given way under the re peated shocks given by the dog as he sprang with violence against the door, which was fastened, and his keen scent would promptly guide him to his master’s side. At length the gray dawn came creep ing in through the unshuttered windows, and Captain Golugent completed his preparations for departure. A distant tinkling made him aware that the world was beginning to stir, and that other human beings were awake and probably not far off. The cheerful sound of the tinkling hells came nearer, and ho found to his satisfaction that it proceeded from the teams of some waggoners, who after a while appeared within sight, and drew up at the door of the inn to water their horses. He judge 1 the moment favourable for his descent. Unlocking the door and holding Cresar firmly by the collar, he went softly down the front stairs by which he had come up on the previous night, and appeared in the doorway of the parlour. The old man wa3 there alone, having just returned from serving the customers outside. Turning suddenly round, he found himself confronted by the stranger, whom he believed to be lying dead up-stairs. An ashy hue over spread the hardened face, and terror made him drop the glass ix his hand. | He thought it was the ghost of his | victim that stood before him. “ Bring me my horse .' ” said Captain Golngent, with stern brevity, vouch safing no word of explanation. The man did not wait to he told a second time, and, having fastened the bridle of the horse to a hook by the door, he slunk away silently. The waggoners looked on curiously as the officer mounted his horse, and rode away sternly and silently ; but be judged it wisest not to gratify their evident curiosity. He gave information of the murder which had been com mitted—and which had so nearly been a double one—at the first police-station which lie passed. A few hours later the officers of justice arrived on the spot, bat they found the house deserted by its owners, and all traces of the recent murder carefully obliterated. It was not till after several years had elapse! that the two miscreants who on this occasion had baflled the pursirt of justice finally suffered tho penalty of their crimes. Some other notorious murder was traced to them, and their last confession led to their identification as the former hosts of the ill-famed ‘ Waggoners.’ A well-merited though tardy retribution brought both father and son to the gallows at la it, Captain Golngent returned, from his errand in safety, and lived for many years to enjoy tho distinction und rewards of a gallant though chequered New W ife— -“To-morrow is yourbirthday. darling, and I am going to stop at the jeweller’s and buy you a present.” Her hubby—“Get something cheap, pet, 1 haven’t paid him for my Christmas present yet.” 