Local and General. BoBOircH' ^DODKCII; or ,, PABBAJUTXA;—30ie Parrama^a_was hefd on^llMday!^ The~ilayor presided, and all the aldermen, pave Alderman Moxh'ain, were present. The Mayor-presented reports from the Overseer of Wprks, spd.from Ihe Inspector of Nuisancoa. The iormei xeport', dealt with the question of laying additional water mainB through the borough, wiQi a view of providing an adequate supply of water tor' MayHill. The-overseer estimated the oost otuyhig nine-inch mdns at £2600. A saving of £500 would be rendered possible^ if this course-were followed, in lieu of constructing the proposed reservoir. The Inspector of Nuisances reported on Mr. Ralph's complaint,'ana on the sanitary condition of the borough/ The Finance Committee reported paym«nt of accounts aggregating £1806 13s Sd, and recommended that further , bills,' amounting to £52 4s lid, be paid, as well as Professor' "Warren's -accdunt of £101 16s. The unsatiBfaotory condition .ai .the borough financeswas put forward as a reason for not reoommending an increase jin the Assistant Clerk's salary; The BathB and Market Committee made certain recommendations in regard to the repairs of tbe buildings. Both reports were reoeived.—The correspondence was somewhat volumiuuous.' Among. it was a notification from the Department of Lands withdrawing permission to carry on opWationB at the Corporation Quarry. This letter led to a very lengthy discussion, in the course whioh the Mayor and others complained bitterly of the discourteous'treatment meted out by Mr. Twynam, Government Surveyor, to the Mayor (and through him to the ratepayers) in omitting to send any notioe of hiB intended inspection. Aldermen Taylor arid Wattera contended that equally good stone could be obtained at a cheaper rate by tender, a Statement which was denied by other speakers.—Mr. James Burp's, Gowau Brae, wrote offering to replace apumber of deoayed trees on the Pennant Hills Bead at his own expense.;, his offer was accepted, although characterised by Alderman Cox as involving a sheer «faste of money and energy.—With reference to [a complaint from E. 8. Black re the condition of Vallack's drain, the Mayor said that the Coun- cil's solicitor advised' that body not to interfere with' the drain. Other correspondence was of minor import.-Aid. Taylor's motion, with reference to the sweeping and watering of the streets, where practicable, provoked a very long, and at times, very lively discussion. The mover spoke very, strongly in support of the resolution as bring imperatively called for in the.iaterest of tke ratepayers' health and property, and he waB followed more briefly, bu emphatically, by tbe seconder, Aid. Bladon. The Mayor pointed out that, if the resolution were passed, it would of necessity remain inoperative. A further resolution would have to be moved, before anything could be done, and even if tbat w4re agreed to by tbe Council, he (the Mayor) should decline to aot upon it, as such a course would, in, his opinion, be clearly t illegal. Aid. Thorpe and Walters supported the resolution, and Alii. Cox, I)ixon, and Saunders opposed it. In reply, Aid. Taylor fortified the position taken up by him, by the g opinions (which he read) of Ors. Waugh, Phillips, Bowman, Garrett, and Kearney. On division, however, the resolution was lost by 6 votes to 4. Aid. Taylor again postponed his resolution in regard to tbe establishment of municipal gasworks. A oouple of motions of minor importance, standing in Aid. Withers' name, baviog been agreed to, the Council rose. FSUXTOBOWSBS' XJmos or N.S. W.—There was not a large attendance on Saturday last at the monthly mettiag of the Council of the Fruitgrowers Onion. Among those' present were Mr. John Nobbs, M.L.A., who occupied the chair, Messrs. Tamsett, Hollier, Gambling, Mills, Horwood, Woalridge, Hayes, Adieus, and one.or twolothers. The Chairman referred: to the vexatious delay which was taking^laoe in reference to the quarantine of the Cumber- r land district, brought under the notice pf the Minister for Agriculture a short time agb by a deputation from the TTnion. It waB agreed to urge the Minister to afford relief without further delay. The Secretary's report for May 'as received.. It was of an exhaustive nature, and dealt < with, among other subjects, the results of the oool storage experiments entered npon some time ago by tbe Department of Agrioulture. - The lemons sent into store had been spoilt, but the apples and oranges were in sound condition. The use of German peat for preserving purposes was advocated. The hope was expressed that the project of forming a fruit-export company -would be carried out. The destruction of scale insects by means-of tydrboyaniC Kcid gaB waft- dealt with, 4nd the method pursued in .California fully described. The case question' and various other subjects were ilso referred to. Atnong the correspondfenob submitted wdre jsuodry communications both tbe Department of Agriculture, according to one of which it appeared that some" mis'-' understanding had arisen on the subject of tlie complain t' made by tbe Union, to having been. ignored "When the cool storage experiments' were teBted.'. 'An invitation to be present had'beBn sent through the Prasioentj but this BBems to have been overlooked. The Secretary Wafer'instructed to write'to the Director of Igriqulture in explanation. Acoounts amount- ^ing to'£6 Is 2d 'were passed for payinent. The Treasurer reported a credit balance to current account of £12 9s Id. , After a brief conversational discussion on various subjects the meet- ing closed, . THE PXREAMATTA. ULTEJTT"10TED INCJDEBTally, reference was made by Alderman Taylor, on Monday night to the number of unemployed in. the borough, and the dire dislresi existing amongst them.—We. learn that on i Monday the matter was brought nnder the notice of the Government-officials, who are charged'with the duty ot affording relief in really necessitous oases, Messrs. JUaxted /and Creor, and tbat, as a result, im nificeY Waa eent up to Parramatta yesterday to make the' bebessary Inquiries and to takd, ^uch,#tep« in the way of affording relief, as werbde&nedndvisable.; Froi iuVlstigations made a day or two ago—investigations which it -is' understood were, of <neces@ty' >artial only—there are over 200 persons ii^ii- Mrough at the present time in such cironni- -stances astonrgeiitly aeedsome kind lof a^islanqe. The tiames of r38 < &milie;^ kith 138 t&ildren;, of jbree .widows, having between' them 13 children, were handed in to the fisting tk-lmiil SM^^ItJSStftr, by Mi.^ajte' , '' A BoLttfinE'^TiooBLE.—Mr. Heni^ 8«ott Harden, a solicitor of Sydney, who has .fgr i&m; years been intimately connected jnth ^t Trades' Protection Society, and wbosS name is t «ot unknown, in this Aonn^tUA,-inPirramat& and;the!d{5ti?<;V: hasj^an^it^erdicted fey^tae SupremeQourtfrbmcarxying'on, fortlaitimsl bung, hia professlon. The case was benight-' tute,andarguea at aomeletigth last weekV' Judgment will be delivered in a day.ot twoi. :: ; Riuo!<iaioK.—Sfr. 0. ,'P.°- O'BSujjf has re. fflgned his sjipoinlnifiiit' as Second lieutenaB j^e^arnmatta Corps, First Regiment of # IsnlsfaspsKT Faxb ' Cirtada, t3fiAirnLi.x a The Rev. John H. Furlong, minister of this Ohurch, has been registered for the ntlpbi^tion of marriage*. " .' : ' ' • _ COB^OEATIOK QOAKBT.—A. communication from the I/ands Department waa read at Monday's meeting of tbe Borough Council, notifying the closing of the quarry on the 16th inBtant. The letter led to a long discusifbn, -and was I'ultimalely recwvel.v-On Sunday morning a ^report becsine ciirrent by some means that it was the SnteDtioB Df the mnnicipal aiitboritiea to. make hay while' the sun •bone; in other words to work the quarry night end day for the few remaining days on which the origipal permission will hold good. On enquiry at the Council Chambers we coald not ascertaio, that any such instructions had been issued. THE Spssr-Eonr CoKiassioir.—The Commission continued its sittings on Friday, when Mr. Schey had the assistance of Mr. W. P. Crick, to act as his solicitor. It was announced that Mr. 6chey washed his haii'dsiof the whole business,-and that he would only iattend as a witness, when summoned by the Commission. Considerable progress was made with the enquiry, tufa good deal of wrangling took place on the,question of. Mr. Schey disclosing the names of the persons," who'bad given him the information, upon wbi&h; he had based the obarges to tbe effect that the Commissioners had misap(irodriated the moneys voted for the railways, and that the country had been robbed. Mr. -Schey stated, that he had come to this conclusion on certain sworn testimony " supplied to him, but he declined to say by whom. Finally the President of the Commission informed Mr. Schey, that he must at tbe next sittings—on Monday—either produce his informant; or fornieh bis name. Tbe last charges, imputing to the Commissioners " gross ignorance or something worse," were entered upon before the Commission adjourned.—The packed audienfce at tbe Equity' Court ton Monday, attracted no doubt by tbe prospect of Mr. Schey let- ting thecatoutof tbe bag,as regarded his"sworh testimony" informant, was doomed to cruel disappointment. Mr, Scney did not disclose the name, but he put tbe Commission in tbe way of securing the information. Probably Mr. See, tbe Colonial Treasurer, will supply it, or he may have already done so. Mr. Schey gave a graphic abd arc using account of his efforts to catch the slippery one, who was nearly caught onoe or twice, but who in tbe end always managed to beat poor Mr. Schey at the post. Some evidence as to tbe letting and exeoution of contracts was tendered, before the Commission adjourned till Tuesday. Sr. JOHN'S ENDOWMENT FUND.—-At a meeting of -subscribers to St. John's Endowment Fund, beld last week. Archdeacon Gunther presiding. Dr. W. Brown, and Messrs. Brenan, Dixon, Watkins, and H. B. Hughes were elected trustees. "It was stated, that the fund, tbe interest of which is available for the payment of tbe assistant curate's salary, now amounts to £1500. THE "SEVENTH DAY" QUESTION—At the Baptist Church ontiunday eveni ng last, the Bev.* 3\. Strougheri pr«aehcd a sermon on the text, For the Son of man is Lord, even of the Sabbath day." (ifatt. xii., 8.) . The preaoher said that he understood by tbe statement appearing in his text that the Lord JesuB declared himself to ba the sole authority con-' cerning the Sabbath. His will must be done.' The'day must be retained or abolished at He should choose. Mr. Straughen, after a few further prefatory remarks, dealt with some of the arguments adduced by bis "friends," who had, of late, been placing tbe question of the pre-eminence of tbe Seventh Dar before the public.' The preacher admitted that the apostles and their immediate followers did meet to teach on the Sabbitb Day; but that was, no doubt, merely because on tbat day was presented a good opportunity to catch the ear of the multitude. t For purposes of communion, for breaking of bread, and for giving of alms, they met on the First Day; and, as Scripture told, their actions' r in meeting thus—and thus celebrating the Res* urrection, the central point of the new,'dispensation—were blessed with the -distiapt sanction and approval of tbe Risen Saviour (John 20 19), andtbeHoIylSpirit. (Acts fi-l&2). Mr. Straughen daalt very fully »n the latter part of bis discourse with the practioe of tho Early Fathers, t from the |days of Eusebius to those of Constantino, in meeting for worship on the First Day; and finallypointed out to his listeners that Christians were not to be re- garded as men and women, living under the law (of which the restrictions connected with the Jewish Sabbath Day was part), but ns the children of light and liberty—members of tbe Church of Christ, made partakers of full freedom through the work of the Holy Ghost. Bringing his remarks to a close, Mr. Straughen referred to Coloss. ii, 16 and 17: " Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holy day, or of the new moon, or of tbe Sabbath days. Which are a shadow of things to come, but the body IB of Christ." That text, the preacher said,WBB sufficient for him in the present controversy 1 What he had said that night had been said loviogly. Tbe question with which he bad dealt . had been raised by others, not by him and those who . thought >aa he did; He had con- "eldered it bis business to speak -to his people concerning it; and be had given them'what he had found in tbe Holy Scriptures. ST. VINCBKT DB PAUL SOCIETF.—A meeting of the St. Vincent de Paul.Society, Parramatta, was held on Sunday last. Mr. W. J. Ferris (President) oeoupied the chair. A ^location from the Guild tug-of-war team was reported; and was acknowledged with thanks. ; Several cases of -distress Were referred to ; and the officers were ordered to deal with the&n.; The nsual collection waB taken up; and the : meeting was then brought to a close. SPECIAL Mtraio AT 8T. PATRICK'S.—Music of' a • special - character was . rendered on Sunday last at St. : Patrick's Qhurchi Pntramatta. The v service comprised '' Webber's "Kyrie," Mozart's "Gloria," and Farmer's "Credo,"- "Sanctus" arid "Agnus Dei.y At the Offertory fir.E. Lamont sang "Yeni Sanctn Spiritus," with clarionet obligato. Mr.' Wattera conducted; arid Miss Hill pr^si^ed with characteristic ability at.-the organ." Misses Klein and McCarron and Messrs. iiV. 3. Ferris arid J. Connolly were thesoloists on thepocasion. GOSPEL TEKPBBANCE MISSION.—The delegates appointed by the various Temperance societies to arrange a mission to be conducted by Mrs. Harrison Lee, tbe Victorian ^Temperance.' Evangelist and Social fieformet,held a meeting on Saturday evening last. There was a large attendance, and the utmost unanimity prevailed. A programme "for the misrion, ex- tending from the 23rd to the 30th 'inst. inclusive, waB fixedupon, particulars of whioh will appear in cur next issue. j , Sr. ANDREW'S C^UBCH, PAEUAXATTA.—The iooncert in oonneotiOn with St. Andrew's, Churoh, Parramatta, arranged to be (given in i conjunction with a reproduction ! of the tableaux, which met with so large ab amount of acceptance at the late Show, was announced to take place _ at the Town Hall, Parramatta, on Tuesday night. Judging from appearances, the affair promised , to turn out a great success, unless the weather was not of the most inviting character. It was. tinderstood that a good many Xickets'were Sold"befiit-fch&fid.; ' (^zfilbtiQnv with 'the«x , WiMl^ii'C^Jhurch l was •held%>n '[Monday;: evening. Jfh'el* attendance 'wits of almost entoursginj} diSracter. These -fB^etinge, - wlucht will -continued' nightly "iWoU^orrt'-the'weefc,'--were'appointed by order iif thfe Ifasrconiereacfe, the objent 'bein^ to supjjTicatatlie Almighty on behaif of fhe Church CW^anyi'.-aUl .'w.' f$frfi<i^Viiaiiii'*«4 the nn- -gbdlyw ••. -' - • *„; : - ; "' A .JjivBLT EPISODE hr WBWTWBBTH.STKEBT. ^pnj&binday; jujt about , iofaii's«nsationsl "ibolt " disturbed the aerenity usually pervading 'the region of • Wentworth-street,. Parra-. jnatta. : '- A horse, said : to belong < to Mrs. fiouisori, was-atartled l>y the nolse frdm a loco- ^mbti^at-tlie station ; and made off Bown-hill at his best go-as-yoa-please' pace^ - A young laid. '«n em^ilby^ the 'pwner. aol the trap, was nabo .rd" .at-the. time, ol the jjolts and so f jolting did ho J^et, as the vehicle was trtrii (SAs t4 '«ds i)f the road, in its dfj^tfinil, : that those jwatohing he'would te killed." owevefrnblhrngld'^-eaSful happened. The horse turned a corner; and bringing Ane of th wheels into contaot with the kerbstone made • wreck of the trap. Tbe boy escaped; the hone was • little injured about the lees. 