'HOW 88 ALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?' Now, whieh tt the ieoree~to*have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your *gpetUef» Then we tola of people on the one side or the otter of tfau question. When 'good ?dipestiee waits en appetite and health on txrtb; that la the ideal attitude of a person towards bis meala. Bat most of at are not Messed in that way ; we either have tos- much food wifchoBt an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to tatisfy it. Differ ent folk will answer this question differently, jet die common sense of it is that, within «f-petite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of * alterations and repairs.' To iitastrate. We recently received a eosnmanicstion in which the writer ttyB, ? I was afraid to eat.' Did he fancy his food ?jras poisoned, or did bis nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, Why ? Let bim clear the mystery himself. He says, ' In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. ( bad been signal twelve month*, and then all *t once, so to apeak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to loss their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongoe was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, whieh wen always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather ao it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.' We cannot wonder that under these ciroum jrtanees our friend failed to do justice to his meal'. He adds that there was what he oalls ? a pricking sensation' at bis heart, as though ft ware torched with some sharp instrument men, again, n times ne was awacawi witu spasms, the agony of which was ao severe that the sweat rolled off him. 'I dreaded,' be says, * the thought of eating, and many a teanty meal have 1 made, for I was afraid to eat.* 1 After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, sod felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this canned me to lose a good deal of sleep.' What he mears by the fear of 'something going to happen' is, of course, the fear of aome calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own deatb, or the death of somebody dear to him. This waa due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of bis blood (the life bearer), bis unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. Tbe night of tilts form of illness is always foil of ghosts and goblin*, tbe creatures ot a restless and ungorerned Imagination. * With great difficulty/ bs ssys, -I stack to my work, for I bad a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years »s past my pon^rs of description. I am mare na one %cu Bvffirsd a* nttisA a» I have done' In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one'a own, and la alwaya harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There to a countless multitude wbo are all the while going through tbe same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well the writer finally mentions that after ?11 medical treatment had left bim .where it found bin he ohaeoed to reajMn a book of a ease exactly Ske his own having been cured by If other rieigel'n Syrup. 'My15 wife,* he say*, ' got me a bottle at Mr. Loogstsfi'f, in Woodlesford, and after nsing its contents tbe ailment left me and has never returned aiooe that fortunate day. I should like tbs whole world to know what it did for me. I bare been employed by the Midland KaUway Company for eleven years. (Signed) *Geobok Boot, ' Car Bottom Road * Apperley Bridge, near Leeds,' We publish tbiabyMr. HunVs desire, in order that part of tbe world at least may know bow thankful bs is and for what reason. 