SHOALS AND QUICKSANDS, CiAPTEP.5 V. Timsnu days had clasped since the storm, sinea when the weather had boen warm and beautiful. Altogether the Ksteveous, to nuse Mim's own words, wore having a good time of it. This particular afternoon was very bright and sunny and hot. The morning had been spent in long rambles over thbo cliffs, and it had been unauimensly agreed that in the afternoon everyone should be lazy. Therefore, after luncheon, Mr. and Mrs. Kosteven made themselves com. fortablo in the sitting-room, while Roeg, Mim, and Chrissio went off to find shady seats among the rooks. Chrissio had brought her erowel work, instead of, as Him had sug gested, John Stuart Mill ; Mim, the last new novel, wherein the old order of things was quite reversed, and which Mim designated as " bosh." " Such heroines are like ghosts. Everybody can write about them," she remarked; " but nobody has been so fortunate as to see them." Rog had brought his cigarettes and the " Mill on the Floes," the effect of both being, Mim declared, to send him asleep, for reclining on a natural stone arm-chair, the book on his knees, his straw hat tilted over his eyes, he became motionless, never turning a page. Maggio is a finely drawn character, but Reg preferred reality, at the pro. sent moment, to fiction. Had he not his own Maggio, none the loss pleasant to think about because her name was Miltio ? It was awfully nice up there among the rooks in the shade, the hot air making laziness so enjoyable, with stillness everywhere but for the whispering of the sea, that extended to the horizon, a sheen of gold and blue; while a ship here and there moved so slowly over its glassy surface that it seemed seareooly to move at all. The superlative heroine had just made another conquest, which Him found slightly monotonous, when a movement on Reg's part aroused her from a doze. As she raised her eyes, far along the shore, at the other side of the headland, she saw a man pushing his boat into the water, then, throw ing himself in, row off. " say," inquired Reg at that moment, " have either of you girls a match ?" " What an idea," said Ohrissio. "No," said Mim, drily; " but we have no objection to make a good one." "Not bad," laughed Rog, rising. " Wait until M. le Bossu comes, though, from what the pater said, he's not big enough to divide." " Oh I I've already bestowed him upon COrissio." "How very magnanimous," re marked Reg. " Well, I must have a light. I'll just run up to the house to my own room. I neeood not disturb the pater and mater." " That's very singular," said Mim, musingly. "What is singular ?" queried her sister. "I could have declared I saw Reg take his cigarette lights and put them in his pocket." " You must have boon mistaken. He surely would know best." Yet Mim was right. Reg had his cigarette lights in his pooket at that moment, and had not the slightest intention of going into the house. On the contrary, reaching the road, he made at once for the heights. On roaohing them, and being on a dead level, he perceived a girl walking some fifty yards before him in the same direction. It was Miltio. When he had seen old Trevethick put off in his boat hloe had own whero he should meet the young girl, and this was the reason of the excuse about the lights. When Miltio heard the stop coming behind sle turned; and perceiving who it was, a shy, yet pleased ex pression shone in her eyes. On Rog holding out his hand, unhesitatingly she placed hers in it. "I thaught it was you. I could not be mistaken," he said, looking into her handsome face. "I am going in this direction. Do you mind my walking with you ?" What could Miltio say ? Certainly she had no objection. Why, too, should she mind now Evan was away ? Yes, she was frightened of him. But he had never appeared in Penreith sinoo the quarrel. She need have no fear of him now. " Never appeared since." Had she known that her stops were dogged almost as by her shadow I But she did not know. How could sheo ? So the two walked on together. Mean whlilo, Mim and Chlris remained on rooks, the latter working away at orchids, the former beginning to gape over her book. " If leg would come back we would have a row," she said. " This weather is just delightful on the water. He's a very long time gone, isn't he ?" " He certainly might have boon bask by now. Perhaps something has detained him, and lie is not coming yet." " He is not coming bask yet, it's evident," retorted Mim, rising and looking up the beach. "I think I'll go and see what has become of him. I wish Sir i\Montem would arrive. A run down the coast in his yaoht for a day would hlie too, too delightful." Crossing her hands behind her head, she gazed onawards. "Oh, Ohris I " "Whatever is it, Miim ?" "Look, look ltlI " cried Mim, her breath almost suspended with excite mont. "Isn't that a yacht? But I Inow it is, oily isn't it making for the bay ? It is-I'm sure it is. It's the Water Nymph." Ohris, despite " iGurton," was interosted. She put down her crewolo and stood up iy Mirm, and two pretty graceful girls they looked. They were not accustomed to ynocht sailing, and could not at first quite tell what this one really intended to do, taching being to them a mystery. This yacht, after the fashion of its and oth-r craft, was first seeoon healding dead in shotre, thoen with a haul in the wind, it scorned to alter its mind" and be goieg in quito niother direc tion, thou it came baelk, Ilituen, its saile swellieg oiut, went osf sgain. "What atoasing thing I" exclaimed Miim; "if lcfg were hero he would say that the Water Nymph, like thie rest of her sex, didn't know her own mind." " She is coming, Mim, I'm certain of it. Soee, some of the ilshers are on the beach yonder waiting - they understand. Yes ; now she's coming, doesn't the water froth and sparkle about horfcut-water ? It must be the Water Nymph." "I shall go and tell papa," cried Mim, dashing off and leaving the last now novel to be soon added to the treasures of the deep. "Well, Miss Whirlwind," asked Mr. Kestoven, as she dashed into the room, "what's the matter now ? Has the son- serpent arrived ? He's about with the stupid season." "No, papa; but the Water Nymph has," replied Mim ; " that is, a yacht is putting into ehore, and I'm certain it's it. Come, please, and see." Mr. Kesteven, going to the window, saw the yacht, now stationary. A moment after a boat, with three per sons in it, shot from its side. " I fancy you're right, Him. Where's my hat ? We'll go and re ceive them." Suddenly he burst out laughing. " What's the matter, papa ?" " Nothing, my dear. Whore's Reg ?" " Gone to got his cigarette lights, and, from the time he's boon, I fancy they must be at the North Polo." Across the road they joined Chris, who had come to mooeet them, and to gother they proceeded to the edge of the sea, to which the boat was also malting. Once or twice Mr. Kestoven laughed again. " Papa's got a joke, COhris," said HMim. " But he will not l't us know. Ahl I they are landing." The boat had boon run on the beach. A gentleman had leaped out, then as sisted an elder to do so. " But whore is the nephow ?" said Mira, as Mr. Kestevon exclaimed " That is Sir Moutem." " Well. possibly he's rather retiring. Deformed persons are either very vain, or-ah I Sir Montem, I'm delighted you have managed to drop in to Pen reith. How are you ?" Thegoentlemanheaddressed was man near sixty, erect of carriage, refined in every look and move, with a good as well as a very handsome countenance, improved by an iron-grey moustache, only a little loss grey than his hair. His companion, who held rather back, was a young man of about five-and twenty, tall, remnarkably but easily erect, with broad shoulders, well marked, delicately-out features, setting oil a pair of intelligent, pleasant eyes. "I told you I should come," said the baronet, "and I always keep my word; oven," bowing gallantly, "when I have not the great inducoment I have here of making the acquaintance of your charming daughters. Young ladies, I load but a recluse existence, and fear I have forgotten how to turn a compliment. Indeed, I leave that pleasant occupation to my nephew, Cyril Grant. Lot me have the happi ness of introducing him to you." A quiver passed over Mr. Kesteven's face. He heard Minm whisper, with a gasp " Oh, papa I" She knew his joke now. Sir Mon tom's nephew was one of the hand somest men she had ever seen. With the demurest expression she could command, Minm went through the ceremony. Then they all walked to wards the house. Sir Montom and Mr. Kesteven took the lead, Cyril Grant followed with the two sisters. As Minm manaouvred to put Chris between her and the young fellow, she whise pored " My dear, admire my generosity. I will eoop to my word-he shall be yours." Well, to say the least of it, it was generous, for Cyril Grant soon proved himself to be a most charming com panion. He had travelled and could speak well of what he had seen. Yet, after all, Mim's generosity may not have so much mattered, for already his glance wandered rather frequently to Chrissie's face, with evident admira tion. A very pleasant, happy party soon assembled in the Kostevens' sitting-room. It was a pity that clouds even then threatened it. Mim, who had been up to her room to fetch something, mot eog returned, just outside the parlour door. " They've come, Reg," she whis pered, joyously, " and they are just delightful." " What, the humpback ?" "That was papa's joke. Cyril Grant is tihe handsomest man you "Thank you. First, I'm not a girl; secondly, I posses. a looking gleass." "You conceited follow," laughed Mim. " But there's something better than even that. We are to have quite a oruise in thie Water Nymph. Come in. They've heoard of. your bit of heroism and want to see you." " Really, I am considorably hIonoured," retorted Beg, sarecastic ally ; while he added, eotto. rvocce, "con found tlheir yacht, I shall go on no To leave Ponureith for a whole day, much more a wholo cruise, and not see Miltie, was now to oBeg Keetoven like quitting paradise. OHIAP'TER vI. The arrival of Sir Montem and his nephew was a matter of rejoicing to the Kestovons, at least to four of them, as most probably Reg would have pro ferred even his own family's absence. Miltie had become to him so dear that elo felt his future happiness depended on herl' Elailo sanng Sw, et ic tro love, Thoue.h given in vain. But it is intinitely sweeotor when it is reciproonted, as Reg began to hope his was--hoped, though it broughlt trouble and pain. An older son, loved, Iis parents' pride, he could not blind himicnolf to thie fearful hocke suchl a ,o:sallia~ce would be to thoem. Iising early, he would take long walks, cand try to fight the trouble out, fairly arguing it ic both ways. Often this resulted in a determination to talmp out a passion whichl he saw must, in a worldly point of view alone, be so detrimental to him, besides, possibly, causing an estrangement with his fanmily for long, if not for over. Then he decided he would find some excuse to leave Ponreith at once. It was the only way lie could be sanfe. Yes; he would go-even, if need were, informing his father in confi dence why. Re would just say fare well to the Trevethicks. lie could not go without that; then, before night, be far away from Poereith. There being no time like the pro sent, more than once ,og proceeded to the fishor's cottago for that purpose. But when there, talking to old Trove thiok, his eyes following Miltio's movements, the resolve died out, and the farewell never passed his lips. Wealth, position, family, became as nothing in comparison with Miltie. Her eyes rested upon him, and his re solves melted as snow before the sun, while the pa0sion-flower of love blos somed in its warmth. Yet ha had not spoken. Miltie know not but vaguely the affection she had created, though her own heart had long in secrot yielded to the archer conqueror. Evan it had been who had first opened her eyes to the truth, who had put the cup to her lips, and with de licious eagerness shae had drunk of the intoxicating draught. If love be blind, it is nevertheless a great teacher of what is just and noble. Hence, despite Miltio's newly created joy, a sadness stole into her beautiful eyes, while a sigh, un checked if sho were alone, often crossed her lips. Altogether it was a difficult, a pain ful time for Reg. The kindness of his family was a reproach. He know he was deceiving them, but love had him at its chariot wheels as Achilles had Hector, and he was helpless. He had to join in all the amusements, laugh, talk, be gay, while a heavy load pressed on his heart. To Mim and Chris rarely had there been a happier time. Short excursions were made in the yacht. Delightful lunchoons were partaken on board, for the baronet seemed to lave brought all Fornum and Mason's stores with him. The cruise was to be later; in fact, at the conclusion of the stay at Penreith. Sir Montem proposed taking a turn round Lizard Point to Land's End, then up Channel to the Isle of Wight, past Dungeness, to land there, if advisable, to show Mim and Chris Bomnoy Marsh, afterwardson to Dover, then home. " Oh I but that is too, too delight ful," cried Mim, .clapping her hands. Sir Montom was just the dearest, kindest old gentleman she had over mot; better company, she averred, than any young mau. "Perhaps because the grapes are sour, Mim," laughed Reg, to whom she had spoken. " If you mean Cyril Grant," rejoined Mim, " he was Chrissie's property from the first. What I might have done, if I wished, I will not say," with mock gravity. " But I was magna nimous. As the youngest sister it would not do for me to be married first. I have no desire for Chris to dance at my wedding in 'stolcking feet.' " [In Shropshire it is, or used to be, a custom that if the younger sister wedded before her elders that was the penalty the latter had to undergo]. "Do you fancy there's anything serious, Mim 2" " Serious I Whatever should there be serious in two people making love ?. I think it must be capital fun. I know, your meaning, though, and can't you judge for yourself ?" They were seated on board the yacht, bound to some distant caves, inaccessible from the laud, and Mim, as she spoke, glanced over to the opposite side, where stood Chrissio and Cyril Grant. The girl's figure was erect, her eyes were fixed on the coast they were passing, a smile hovered about her shapely lips, while her straw hat threw a soft shade on her delicate features. Her companion leaned forward, his arm on the gun wale, his head slightly turned, so that his eyes could glance up at hers. Reg suppressed a sigh. If he dared but look in Miltie's face, and so publicly as that I "It certainly looks like it," he smiled. " What do you think the chiefs would say ?" "Humph I Papa says Sir Montem is awfully proud, but there is nothing in our family that would disgrace him or it. Indeed, it's my opinion that he would like it, for yesterday I saw him watching his nephew and Chris. Thou lie said something to papa, and they both laughed. Oh I Rog, will it not be delightful to have a sister who keeps a yacht, and would lend it to us ' " "In your opinion, thenou," he said cynically, "love is only happy when wealth goes witle it." "I'm sure of it," was the prompt response. "Do you imagine that Ohrissio, if she fell in love and married that fine young sailor at thle wheel, instead of Cyril Grant, would not soon be downright miserable, having to scrub the floor, darn his sooks, and wash the vegetables for dinner ?" Beg's brow drew together, then with a short laIugh "Yo gods I how mattor-of- faot young ladies of the present day are," he oriod. "But, of course, you're right;" and he sauntered away to join the older trio at another part of the yacht. Did Cyril Grant love Chrissio ? Yes. Ho had just como from India, where he hlad run the gauntlet of a whole exotio garden of girls, eager to be settled. Anid when Sir Montom had proposed to visit Penroith, where the Kestoeous were, promising Cyril the introduction of two pretty girls, Cyril had dutifully romarkedl " As you please, sir." Adding,sotto eoc, " Mtore pretty girls; " and wos indifferent to the treat promised him. No soonor, hpwever, had hIe looked upon Chrissio in her simple seaside serge dress, hier manner so calm and self.containced, hier beauty so pure, hler mind evidently so well stored that a sensible man need not seooek trifles to amuse hler, all that was changed, and before many hoursr he thought Pon roith the pleasntoet place he had ever visited. Despite the adage, true love does at times run smooth. Cyril not only loved, but soon felt his affection was reciprocated, hones no rough trouble could disturb its course. Mr. Kosteven was wealthy, well connected, and respected. Sir Montem could have no objection to his nephew choosing a wife from his family. Even at that moment when Mim and Reg lhad looked across at them, lie had determined to make known his desire to his uncle at the first oppor tunity. Before many hours it co curred. The caves had been visited, wondered at, and admired. Then the party lihed returned to the yacht, which put back to Penroith. "It's a grand coast," remarked Cyril, as they sat altogether. '! And we need not have gone so far for caves," put in Minr. " Sos," pointing, " that is a cave within a mile of Peuroith." " True," said Reg ; " but that is, I should fancy, neither accessible by sea nor land." The spot Minm had indicated was a mass of jagged rook, formed in ir regular masses, not like the rest fall ing almost perpendicular to the shore. High up, and rather back, was a dark patch, evidently the mouth of a cave. To have reached it from the top, ropes would have been needed; from the beach, if not quite impossible, it would have booeen most diffioult. " Ah i " said Sir Montsm, looking through his glass, " we will leave that cave to the eon-birds. The grapes being sour, I protest it is not worthy our attention." The Water Nymph soon after dropped anchor, and the baronet and his nephew declining to dine on shore that evening, the Kostovoens got into the boat. As Oyril assisted Chrissio, he whispared " May I drop in to coffee ?" " Of course," smiled Chris. " We shall be delighted to see you." "If you will be, I am content," he added, with a glance that Chris felt a revelation-it was almost in itself a declaration. It made her eyes fall, her heart beat, and her colour come and go, as hastily she followed Mim into the boat. The uncle and nephew stood in silence watching it make for the shore. Cyril abruptly spoke. " Uncle," hlie said, " what do you think of Miss Kosteven ?" "Do you really wish my true opinion ? " responded Sir Montom. "I do, indeed." "Then, my dear boy, I have never seen a girl I would sooner have to fill my daughter's place. Robbed so early, so sadly of her, she has ever lived in my heart," answered the baronet, gravely ; "and, Cyril, I have always hoped your choice of a wife would be one whom I could look upon as I would upon my darling." " Uncle, do you indeed mean this ?" cried his nephew. " You then have no objection to--" "Your wedding Miss Kostoven Not the slightest. Indeed, Iam glad. It is an honourable family, one I much esteem." " Then, uncle, you know--" "Know I Of course," laughed the baronet. " My dear boy, love only is blind. The onlookers are clear-eyed enough." "A thousand thousand thanks, uncle. Then I may'speak to Chrissie this evening ?" "Certainly. 'Happy's the wooing that's not long a-doing.' You can, if you like, leave me to speak to Keet oven." Then the baronet walked away, and sighed as.ho went. He had once had a young wife, of whom lihe was passion. atoly fond, and an infant daughter. Both had been torn from him by a violent death. It had been a bitter blow; the wound had never healed. He only covered it, and tried to forgot by devoting himself to the .happiness of those left who were dear to him. . As the Koetovens-were taking coffee, Cyril Grant arrived. " Yachting has a marvellous effect upon the spirits," reflected Mim as she watched him. "He looks handsomer than ever. Perhaps, though, it's love, in which ease," glanc ing at her brother, " Rog is farther off than I. I wonder if he is turning poetical ? The solitary walks and in clination to stare moodily at the sea certainly are ominous." Even at that moment Reg, coffee cup in hand, stood by the window gazing seaward. Cyril joined him. "Is it not a calm, still night ? " lihe said. " It would be delightful on the beach. Would you fear the night air, Miss Kestevon ?" " No, indeed, said Chris, pleasantly; but somehow not looking at the questioner. " I should like a stroll above everything." Some people are conscious of a coming thundersturm. Some young ladies are conscious when the offer of marriage is in the air. This was Chriesio's case. Reg would go too, Mim also. "And you will come, papa; will you not? " she said. " Mamma has a long latter to write, so you must not sit here and become dull." If Miim had but known how that evening was destined to end I A calm serenity rested upon all things. The sky was clear, yet dark, for a crosooent moon, with a large bright lovely star as her attendant, was but just shedding its soft silvery twdlight over the sea where rooklied the Water Nymph, and on the shore, save where the grand cliffs cast long broad strotchos of deep shadow. Before the little party had been many minutes on the shore, Cyril Grant and Chris had somehow become separated. Perhaps Oyril was account able for the " somehow." He had stopped to call Chriesio's attention to the light of some ship on the horizon sailing up Channoel, then had com monted upon the shadow of a certain rock, until the others had sauntorod on some yards or more. Then, somohow,. neither of them scarcely aware how it had commenced, only howe it ended, the old, old story was repeated, hand clasped in hand, until, after her whispered confession, when he drew her to his heart, each know they loved and were loved. It was quito sn hour Inter when Chrissio, as happy asno Evo must have felt when, her innocent eyes opening upon life, she behold Adam, returned homo. Reaching the lauding outside the parlour door, she paused. There was the murmur of voices within. Sho drew back. She had hoped her mother might yet be alone. At present she did not feel as if she had suflicient self-control to face thie others, so noiselessly ascended to her and Mim's bedroom. Opening the door, she perceived a light was burning, and, entering, found her sister seated by the toilet-table. Occupied by her own joy, she did not notice that Mim's head had been resting on her hand as one might sit when in trouble. She sprang up, too, almost instantly, and, facing towards Chris, had the light behind her. " Oh I" cried Mim, " you have come back at last. Why were you so long ?" Chris triedto give a plausible excuse. Herheartwas too full ; nothing but the truth would come. Abruptly putting her arms round Mimn's neck, kissing her cheek, she said, in low, tremulous accents " Congratulate me, dear Sis. Cyril Grant has asked me to be his wife." " That's not surprising," retorted Mim. " As if I did not know he would. Of course I congratulate you; and yet, perhaps, I should not." " him I " ejaculated Chris, drawing back, amazed at such treatment, so unnatural to her sister, " what is the matter ? " Mim changed. Abruptly she burst into tears, and, throwing herself on the other's bosom, sobbed, " Forgive me, Chris, but I am so miserable. We're all miserable. You will be, too. Yes, it does seem hard that your happiness should be clouded by such news." " Such news ? Mim, dear, what has happened ? " cried Chris in alarm. "This. Reg is in love with Miltio Trovethiok, and has asked her to be his wife." eoIAPTEn vie. Chris stood stunned, paralysed at the news. Reg, the brother whom :they so loved, of whom they were so proud, in love with the fisher's daughter 1 Had asked her to be his wife I Yet the night had been serene, the heavens had not fallen. Oh I it was impossible. " iim I " she exclaimed, "you're jesting. It can't be true; he never would be so mad I" "I love a jest, Chris; but do I look like jesting now 2 It is true, and Reg must be as mad as a March hare." The most amiable people cannot help at times being a little selfish, and this blow coming so rapidly upon her joy made her perforce think how such a disgrace in their family might affect her union with Cyril. "Let me sit down, dear," she said, faintly. "Now, toll me. How do you know ?" " In this way. You remember you 'and Cyril Grant soon began to linger behind when we reached the beach," replied Mim. " I guessed the reason, and tried to keep papa and Reg in full talk, so that they should not stop for you." Chris pressed the speaker's hand. "At last, however, papa grow a little tired and sat down. I stayed with him. Reg stood near picking up stones to make ducks and drakes with. Proper ones seemed difficult to find. He wandered further and further off, and I forgot to notice him, for papa began to wonder where you and Cyril Grant were, suggesting we ought to turn back to see. To prevent him I told him what I thought. He was so pleased, Chris, and talking about you both, we forgot everything else. When we remembered, we found Reg had disappeared. You know that has been his way of late, so we didn't think much of it, and as papa felt chilly we walked on. Well, we had ceased talking just as we reached that mass of boulders and rock which look as if a Titan had heaped them for his pri vate use. All was so quiet and still, when from the other side of them we heard those words, earnestly, passion ately spoken : "'Miltie, you are unjust. I tell you I can never love anyone as I do you. Wealth, position I what are they in comparison to you ? Dear Miltio, my darling, will you be my wife ? ' " Oh, Chrissio, I shall never forget how I felt at that moment-it was Reg speaking." " And what did she answer 2" " I don't know, I couldn't listen, though it's not likely she said ' No I ' I was overwhelmed with terror, for I heard papa give a great deep catch of the breath. I looked at him, and suddenly his face was crimson, his lip trembled, and he took a step as if he intended to go round the heap and confront esg, then he turned quite white, and oh I so stern. He put his hand on my wriet, holding it so tight that he hurt me, though I am sure he was not aware of it. " ' Come home, Mim,' he said in a whispor. "Turning we came bask, papa never speaking another word, and I dared not. When we entered the house he said "' Go upstairs; ' then went into the parlour to mamma and closed the door." " Mim, Reg is mad," said Chris. " Mad or not," answered Mim, "he is not one to say a thing he does not mean, neither is he a scoundrel. Ho would wed hor-nover deceive her. Oh I why did we over come here, or why are there suoh handsome fisher maids 2" Why had they over come there ? How but a brief time ago Chris had rejoiced that they had. Now had she only a glimpoe of happiness to learn what was misery; Would Sir Miontem over consent to his heir enteoring their family after this ? "I wonder what papa will say to R'eg ? " said Mim, in a whisper. "I wonder what he will do ? " (To be cosiied.) 