THE BENDIGO - ADVERTISER j V , (PUBLISHED DAILY) ' o V' ^ , PR0CRS3S10W, OUR.;RIGHTS, AND .OUR RESOURCES. BENDIQO, THURSDAY, MAY 19,' 1S93. ■ . 'POLICE PROTECTION. WANTED. ^ It is'a singular coincidence that' the advent; of. winter ia usually accompanied by the stealing of firewood from private, paddbeks and i from : Crotra lands. - .There is-an extra demand for ^rowood .during the dark'aiid dismal months of the year) and bigger fires are kept burning and longer alight to over come tiro discomforts. ot. tho weti and ■ the shireringa of the cold.v. It is a time wlfeii firewood is ^ readily sold' at an . increased .price, .arid ^ny.oiraoS^/.pfV^iii^p^lMid prepare for this t profitable season by-cutting and stacking - firewood • in the. dry weatliferJ But tliere is evidently a gr^atj'risk'in^ljis, as a.stack of ready cub 'firewood which can be easily removed and .sold, proves a . strong temptation to dishonest wood carters,: too { strong, in faqfc, for inaiiy of. them, judging by the numerous thefts of!this kind, which i take place in - various parts of the district, j Some of these cases come under the; notice I of the police, but maiiy do not, the sufferers preferring , to put up with the first loss to losing • time trying to hunt up ■and catch the '-thieves and facing' the trouble .of proving the case against them.' It was.only, the other day that Mr.1 Ingham had ten tons of stacked firewood stolen from his paddock at Sweeney's Creek, and this is but an instance of what is going on apparently with impunity in the Axedalo and other districts of Bendigo. But the firewood is not the only loss; to got at it, fences are broken down, and even carted away as well. This is a very serious matter, as cattle, sheep and horses may get astray from these paddocks, and causo no end of trouble .and expense to the owner to recover them, if ho does that. That such depre dations should Ijo bo , frequent, shows that the thievish propensity must be very strong amongst a number of tho ' woodcarters, and that an equally strong restraining power must be put:upon tliem.uf-, they"are', to be I controlled. , Tho life of a woodoarter is not an attrac- j tive one, it lias; many privations. The work is early and late, and the profits small". ' Firewood is not so easily obtained as it used to be, long distances have to be travelled to get-it, and cvory year adds to the distance if it is cut from Crown .lands, whilo if private paddocks havo to be rented for the timber the rent increases with the growing scarcity. Under these " circum stances it can be seen that the sight of a fine stack of firewood ready for carting off, and with no ono within a mile or two to notice them, is indeed a strong temptation to many wood carters, and they steal. Ifow is this to be prevented ? It is evident that tho measures hitherto adopted havo not pr.ffVfjd sufficient. The police havo not boon ablp to capo with the offence. On Crown lands raids an £1)0 timber and saplings are still going on, notwithstanding heavy fines. This is not surprising, asforonoo tho lhiqvos are caught thoy probably escape a score of times. It is not tho fault of the Crown lands bailiffs, as however alert they may bo, thoy cannot bo everywhere at oiico. Tho thieves find out when thoy are watching in particular localities, and at once shift from thoin to others. So far as the Crown lands are concerned, the stealing of timber has, no doubt, been considerably restricted by tho activity of tho bailiff:-;, but additional supervision would have a very bonoficial effect at this, time of tho year. The diffi culty is to prevent the raids oil private pro perty. The police know nothing of these depredations until thoy are informed of them, and such information usually comes from tho owner, who misses the stolen pro perty: Tho suceoss or othorwise in sheet ing homo tho offencc depends vory much upon tho lapso of time between its com mittal, and the commencement of the search for the thieves;' and also upon , whether the'! owner can identify his property. "Where a i .Jtvip (juanfity <jf stockpjl proyyoofi js utolej} at once, the probabilities avo th.it it is carted somewhere else in the neighborhood for subsequent sale, and if too long a time has not elapsed, tracing the wheelmarks of, tile "draij's may .lead to the ; apprehension of tlie "..geijinquehts. . Smaller' quantities are .probably, taken.dir^ct into.the city and sold, and in--the busy streets there is 110 proba bility; ; bf -following up' the tracks, and the thieves escape. r^The identification, of, .the , firewood is a difficulty which often stands in the-way: of bringing home' the offence, and there ; is ;no doubt: that miiny a culprit escapes froiir'thisVcause.' But' why. should this.be difficult.It - is very, easy forjthe owner to put a private -mark on oach'piece of firewood not 'readily pbserved,''cxcept by those. wlio/kiiow.. it,' and, If this, j Were gene :ro.lly : done ; it'. would inspire- a •wholesome dread in the thieving fraternity, as it would givo ' a • clue ' ;t6 the police'' which: they could follow ujr successfuHy. .^A suggesiion has* been thrown out, that, property7liolders, whero depredationa of) this kind: are: carried on, should pay a couple: of merrtp ride round and keep an eyp on 'their;property' and; catch the delinquents. . Such a proposition shows that there is ii need for additional police protection in particular localities; and as tlie " police , exist for the. suppressjdn, . of , offences -agaiiist, the, law, there /is ,noj reason h why thef Government-should not provide the two'iridn or any'number of men required— 1 .where/a^'pecia^ Constables are readily; enough -drafted to Melbourne,for particular .service,. and the country; should •have similat protection:in retui-ii wheii it is 'needed,''as'j "it. "is';iii! the case, of1 'systematic timber! robbery. /and'-, fence destruction. Gpverriin'ehtVbfiiceK drilled with .the autho rity of the law will prove more effectual ,for tlie: object in view ,than private individuals riSing round. '" The property-bwiiers should apply to the Government'for the necessary protection:' ..j , ' -. . ",J" Parmament.—In the * legislative Assembly last evening 'the address in reply to tlie Gover nor's speech was agreed to without a division.: Notice ot.motioii for the dismissal 'of . tlie''Kiil-! ; way Commissioners'was given by Mr;; Wheeler, autl the House adjourned till ^ediiesd'ay'next.. A o'auOus of Ministerial" supporters' was held at the 'Government departments, 1 Melbourne,' yesterday ..afternoon, , Fjfty fine.! members ,.were present, aud !Mr. Shiels.presided.. The question of the suspension: of the Railway Conunissioricrs ' was discussed at some length, arid it was ulti iiiately decided (says our correspondent) that' the question should he brought up directly after^ho,address in reply has been'.disposed -of, and* that the 'stock tax question should 'be brought!' forward immediately after. It was agreed that, amotions-be' submitted to Parlia-' uient.by, tlie Government for the removal of the RaiiW'ay! Commissioners, Messisi Speight; Ford, arid,Green./'rl .-••• • >••"•• •••. ' v '' ^ ;'jrHKjCous.TKY'.pAnTY'iii tlie Legislative . As 'senibly." held , ii'. meeting' yesterday ."'afternoon' (Writes our. Melbourne ; correspondent j. to con sider ihe action of.'.the Government in takiug the question of the s'tispeiisioti of "Ttlie Railway Commissioners before the stock ' tax. question. The delay was ^condemned by the members of the party." A'.'let ter was- forwarded to . Sir. Shiels last night drawing the; attention of the Govermnent'fo the fact that the country was being Hooded with cattle in anticipation of the imposition of the.inoreased tax, aiid the iieces lisity for immediate action. As no' 'reply ikd been received tlie meeting decided, to' adjourn until.later in the evoiiing. 4. : . Pay Your Rates.—-The town clerk of the Borough of Eagleh'awk,. also the secretaries of the Shires of "Marorig and' Strathfieldsaye, elsewhere notify that, all rates niust.be paid on or before.the 10th June, otherwise people will | riot be entitled'to' have tlieir names placed :on the voters'roll?..;; ' l'Rosi'ECTiNo'BpARD;—The members of .'the board'were engaged all !day yesterday consider ing the applications', for : assistance out of the prospecting vote for the current year) . They had a.very arduous task to get through, arid,'as -frill be seeri 'by the' 'report which appears ;in; another column, they have endeavored to please Unit section' of- the- community who contend that largo.sums -pf„money should be spent 'on one site, and on the other hand toj..'gratify the wishes of those people who would'like to see small sums of'moncy spent .in; prospecting the ..surface in new districts. ' The total amount recommended is £6,900.;' last year £8,183 was allocated. ; .The, board will meet affiiii oil Satur day to,draw up their,,, report to lie sent to the lion, the Minister of.Mines.. , , ! Tiie,I5mu Valley Trust and the Stratuv fielusayk Council.-t-TIic'. relations -between the Emu Valley Irrigation and Water. Supply Trust and'the, Strathiicldsayc.Shirq Council lire somewhat strained-at the present juncture, and there.is. a probability, if wise counsels do not prevail, of both bodies being involved, in costly litigation. -.-In . January dast-tlie-council let a contract to reduce the level of the Upper Emu road, at White's Hill, bj' making a cutt ing seven feet deep.;'Accordingly, it was cut away, and the ' trust's1 channel and cul vert across" the road were .destroyed. Thus the trust's line of communication with the ' oiily's'ource <if-'it's''water supply was'cut off. The trust wrote to the council calling upon them 'to rccoristruCt the channel and culvert, arid the. 'council declined point blank to do so; maintain ing that the triist constructed the ; channel arid culvert across'the ;rpad without thei'r approval. Some'wannth of feeling has been exhibited over the matter" by'th'emembers^of both bodies. Tlfb trust yesterday received Dr. Quick's opinion,;, which is to the' effeet';that*tho council-is 're-1' sponsiblc'ahd' liable1 tb' heavy penalties.' ';' The r.rust decided to give the council seven days'in which to take steps to replace the' culvert'and repair the channel, failing which they will insti tute proceedings in" tlie Supreme Court. An extended report appears elsewhere. "•"'•''"'The Fuurr Industry of ViCTOitiA."-^In •our . issue of the 5tJi instant appeared a para graph from our Bridgewater correspondent, under the above heading, giving the " experi ence " of Mr. Vince with regard to a shipment ■ of apples per tlie s.s. Valetta, in which it is stated that on Mr. Vince visiting the refrige rating room of the vessel referred to " the ice was all melting, and the water running down over the cases. The apples were placed under tie iec bins, and when they opened the hatuh way'the heat came down and molted the ice. The bins or troughs wliero the ice was were made of wood and not lined with anything, so when the ice melted the water ran out like heavy rain, etc." Sir. Maurice Moran, the local agent, has received the following letter from the superintendent of the P. and O.S.N. Company, with regard to the matter "Melbourne, 17th May, 1892.—Dear sir,—Enclosed I send you a cutting from the Australasian of the 14th inst., which reproduces an article from the BE.vmoo Advertiser, in reference to the treatment of the fruit shipments on board-the Valetta. Tho man referred to in the article, who has furnished the report of his experience, either knows nothing of the business he is talking of, or has grossly misrepresented facts, as I am iu a posit tion to say that there are no ice-bins used in the cool chambers of the company's Bhips. The condition in which theiruit was landed from the Valetta in London, as advised in the press tele grams, serves as an endorsement to my re futation of this man's statements.—Geokoe WiTjiElts, Superintendent." A Military Case.—A matter of some in terest to members of the militia was brought before the Court- of Petty Sessions at Rochester yesterday, when a -young man named Patrick Murphy, an ex-member of the I Company of the Victorian Mounted Riiles, \v<<3 brought up on summons under the Discipline Act of 1S91, which empowers magistrates sitting iji Petty Sessions to deal with such cases instead of as formerly having to hold military courts. The defendant was charged with neglecting to rq turn his kit, after he had been dismissed from the service. It appears that Mrirphy did offer to the Sergeant-major a portion of a bridle and an overcoat, but it was in such a dilapidated condition that that oflieer refused to take thein over. Major Kirby, who conducted the prose cution, stated that the proceedings had been instituted by Colonel Tom Price, who was in attendance as head of the Mounted Rifles' but {.hat oflieer had only moved in the matter in order to let the members of the various branches of the Defence' department kno\y that they" were liable to be brought before tho Polico Court, and pijnjshpd by fine or imprison ment. In this case the defendant had notified the colonel that ho would pay £-3, the value of the articles he had neglected to return in the same state as he rccelvod them, and to pay tho costs of the proceedings, which amounted to £5. Under the circumstances, seeing that this was the first affair of the kind in tho district, the bench agreed to the withdrawal of the case on the conditions mentioned, • Tho bench con sistcd of Mr. G. W, F. Patterson. P.M., and Messrs. R. B. Calvert, Read, Castles and Bur govr.e, Js.P. Victoma;.' Arrj.ES i.v London.—In our'issue of Tuesday a paragraph appeared in reference to the arrival of the shipment of Victorian apples in London.!; Prom ft cablegram in the "Artjus of yesterday we'learn that William Nicholas \Vhitc and Co. (limited), fruit brokers, of Covent Garden, report that tlie apples shipped by the Farmers' Co operative Association of Victoria by the R.M.S. Valetta are of splendid quality, and 50 per cent, better thaii-tho Tas manian apples. In conscqu'ence of tlie fruit having beeri stowed at tlie bottom of the ship's hold a quantity of it was bad: The apples have - been's61d at from Os to 15s per case, according to tho degree of soundness. I'll? fears by the paipo steamer tfgjr? rotten . State Scijool.Holipays.—In response to a requisition from the State school teachers in the city the local Board of Advice has granted a whole holiday in the State schools on Monday, 23rd May. As Tuesday, the 24th, is Queen's Birthday, and of course a iioiiday, the teachers'attendance at school will not now be required from the Friday afternoon, the 20th, until-Wednesday morning, the 2oth May. ; Lunacy". —A young woman named Gloster ' was arrested by the police yesterday on a charge of lunacy. She wa3 subsequently brought before, Mr. R; F. Howard, J.P., and, on the recom mendation'of Dr. vf. M. Eadie, remanded to the lunacy ward of the hospital for a weak. Water Trust Prosecutions.- At the Pyra- mid Hill Police Court to-day a number of rate- payers within the area of the Tragowal trust will be proceeded against on summons for non-payment of water rates. Mr. Connelly will conduct the cases on behalf of the trust, and Mr. E. W. Kirby is engaged to appear on behalf of the defendants. _ City Polios Court."-—Messrs. P. Hayes and 'R. B.:i Anderson, :• Is.P.;< presided yesterday.j Three small debt cases we're disposed of. This' being the only business on the list, the court then adjourned. ; • < \- An" Aurora.—Last evening about 9 o'clock, the southern sky was illumined for a consider-j ;able time-by an-aurora, which formed'a-bril ' liant'Speetacle. ■- '■ "i - - -m : " ! ; Tub Evangeline Company.—Theatre-goers will be pleased to hear that Mr. A.'Middleton, thewell;kriown-: theatrical manager, has :nr-i ranged to I)riug tlie Evanircline Company' to Bendigo to fulfil a short season of two nights,' 24th and 2och May, immediately after which they leave by the mail steamer for Sydney: The company includes all the old favorites, Mr. Fortescuc, Mr. Seagrave, Miss Earl, Miss Kail, and others. The coinpany has just concluded a most successful tour in New South Wales. ' ' The Stabbing Case at Echuca:—The boy, ■Spruhen, who wounded another boy named Chenhalls with a knife at Echuca ■ on • Saturday -night, was sentenced to 14 day's' imprisonment, the sentence to be suspended,- the accused to find (file surety of £25, and his.own rpcognisance of like amount for his; good bebaiior for 12 months, and in addition to paythe doctor's costs. Mildcua- TUrsiiJs asd Akiucots.—We have1 received from:Messrs., Chaffey Bros., of Mil dnra, samples of this season's apricots and radius, grown and packed at Mildura. The samples,, which were neatly paekeu in pretty. ; awl handy-little boxes, • are exceedingly good. The 'raisins lire almost, if not quite, equal to the imported article, and show what may bo done in the colony in this class of preserve. Tij^dried apricote, for, cooking, are also of fine quality, ancl when, served .up.' for the table make a delicious dish., 'TEMPERANCE;! -Mekting.-—A publio: meeting for :tlie advocacy of the principles of; total abstinence .was held under the auspices of. the Independent Order .'of Rechabites in ■ the Bible Christian Church, Long Gully, last evening. An excellent programme of vocal and instrumental, music and recitations .was success-. . fully gone: through, .and all present enjoyed ' themselves .thoroughly. ., . ,. : A vocal and, instrumental concert to icelebrate the.opening:of the, new organ at the .• Bl'iwitive. Methodist Church in Buckley-street . was held last evening. The . Rev. H. .Bride Barberpresided. There was a good attendance,' and the various items, on, the .programme were duly appreciated by the audience : The Late Mb. J. Woods' Widow.—The St.' A ~yUiU(L cred!'y says :—It has. been' found necessary to start a subscription to raise a fund to make provision for "the widow of the late hon. John Woods. The unfortunate lady lias been' placed in-tlie position of- being -bride and widow in less than six months, and as a)\% is popular and esteemed, much sympathy is felt for her.;-,.,, , , A Severe Sentence Reduced.— His Excel lehc}\tlie:Goveriior advised by the Executive, . lias intervened in the case of the man Thomas j Wilson, wlio w«s sentenced at the Ballarat City JPplicB Court on the 2Sth day of, April tothi.ee ( months' iinprisonment.for stealing, half-a-crown from the, till of his employer, Mr. C. C. Shoppee. ; The sentence was an exceptionally severe one, for there were no aggravating circumstances, ana three ..months!, imprisonment. is- the maxi- I mum penalty for larcenies u^to £2. A peti- I tion for > Wilson's .release was.extensively signed, I and an order was made on Tuesday for Wilson's I immediate release.Wilson has a wife and seven I .children,, and .(says the Courier) owing to his J previous want of ^employment, and to his,con- I vict,ion, they were in a sad'case. i ' Good Nbsvs for Australia.—The London correspondent of the Age. says The Ameri cans are by no means hopeful as to their ability to keep Europe supplied with . breadstufls.' Nearly one-halt of the, surface, of the United States consists of arid land, which will require ■ to .be irrigated, before it can be made fully pro ductive. A pamphlet recently published de clares that before the beginning of the twentieth century—now. not far. off—the United States W" a food,importing rather, than a food supplying country.: Tlie turn of the tide is to take place at a still earlier date—say about ,1S95. It is quite possible that this prediction will be fulfilled, and even if it be not so abso Juto,b', it is, almost, certain that the available surplus will bo very much less than it has been. But .when America becomes a corn iinoortin" country, where, will the supply for mak'in" up her deficiency come from? Perhaps some other , pamphleteer will, favor, the world with the in . formation. ■ • . Tiie vegetable products Commission still ? bobs.up sorpncly ?'- at intervals. , In this war (remarks. tlie Atjc) it justifies expenses, if it does not justify its existence. After lyin« dor mant for sii;inoriths it was fondly hoped that- it was preparing for its farewell appearance, but it rcappeared on Tuesday in all its pristine vigor, ami not at all desirous of giving up the- ghost.' The; commission .is evidently not disposed to put an end to the farce', and it would be 'interesting to learn by what process the Premier proposes tp extinguish it.' Tlie tenacity with which the commission clings to life is becoming a "serious matter, and " vegetable products " seem likelv to furnish a topic for periodical and not verv entertaining reports as;long is: the members o"f the commission, 'or any of them, or the secre tary, continues'to ; feed an interest in this vital question. ■' The Stock Tax Proposals—The possible increase in the .'Victorian stock tax-, although striking a blow 'at. the grazing industry in Riverina, will strike a still greater one in the larger towns of Victoria during tlie coming winter, and those in Parliament who advocate the imposition of the tax at once would pro bably do well in the interests of the country if they delayed the passing of the measure for the next.three months. The knowledge that the tax will be increased has not caused such a rush of stock across the border as was at first anti cipated, and although a few thousand, prin cipally stores, have been crossed between here and Echuca, these aro nothing to the number of fat stock that have been sent down from Riverina when similar stock were scarce in Victoria. For the next few months (remarks the Aryus correspondent at Corowa) no stores will be fattened across the border; all tlie pastures are too bare of feed, and the hard season just passed through has not helped matters. Riverina, fon .years past a district noted for its grazing qualities, has not been so short of fat sheep, as it is at the present time; and what will it be, therefore, during the coming winter in Victoria ? The feeling here is that the Victorian 1 legislators would do well to delay the passim' of the.increased stock duties until the spring time The First Commoner. — Rather a smart though spiteful thing was got off at onp of our first class clubs the other day (savs tlie Melbourne . correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser.) They were discussing the election of the new Speaker, and deploring the defeat of Mr. Wrixon.' 4 Just fancy Bentbeing the first commoner in Victoria," remarked one. " It would be difli I cult to find a commoner," said a second. A General Killed by His Own Troops.— j Reports from South America state that General Rodil, the commandant of the Venezuelan Go vernment troops, has been killed by his own ' soldiers. Tlie capture of Bolivar by General Crespo, who commanded the insurgents, so I enraged General Rodil that he ordered the exe cution of six of his officers, through whose treachery hp suspected that the city had fallen. j The troops on hearing of this sanguinary order I revolted from General Rodil's cpmmand, and having shot him down, had his head struck off. ! Burnt to Death.—An old lady, 84 years of age, mother of Mr. Malcolm Patterson, of j Mount Hope, has been burnt to death at Lachlan. She retired to Jied early (says tlie -1.'/?), j leaving a fire burning, and some time"i^fterwards the house was found in flames. Her charred l emains were subsequently recovered. A Black Boy's Heroism.—From Bookabie, a settlement in the Fowler's Bay district, comes the following story of a black bov'g iie^oigm, the facts being vouched for by the focal -corresT pondent of the AihJaiik Adrnrtitrr-.—" Three aboriginals, including an old man, liig Intra and apiceaninny, started from Oldiastation on their way to the coast, the journey necessitating a tramp for a considerable distance acrois country. They had no provisions when they set out, ex cept a few lizards, sufficient for ouo meal. They travelled for two days afterwards with out finding food, and then borne down by hnnger and exertion, on tlie third day the old man died, leaving the poor old lubra," v ho was totally blind, in care of the plucky child. Bv the constant- persuasion and encouragement of this little fellow the old woman was eventually drawn from the dead body onward to the sea. With manly courage and skill the juve nile guide carried out his duty, securing enough water from malice roots, with sufficient grutis and mulga leaves to keep tlie spark of life within the poor old mother's breast. For five days the child led his mother on by means of a stick about three feet long, of which cacli held oil", end, and lit last they fortunately struck a hunter's camp. The sight of those two.unfor tunate travellers is described as very pitiful, the little child's hollow cheeks giving tokens of great suffering from hunger, travel and ex posure,' " Inspector Beck witji, of the Police depart ment, is at present in this city inspecting the various stations where horses are in use. A libel action" for A'oCO damages, by -Mr. Frederick Trenery Brown, of the firm of Lam - rock, Brown and Hall, solicitors, Benalla and Melbourne, against Mr. Patrick Cunningham, a, ratepayer in the shire of Benalla, was (says the Argus) continued and concluded before Mr. Justice Williams and a jury of six, in the First Civil Court on Monday. At the time of the •alleged„'libel, which, was a letter written by defendant, - and published in the Benalla Standard on the 1st September last, the plaintiff was acting as solicitor to the shire of Benalla, and was also an appli cant for ■ a renewal of his term of office. •The letter complained of, according, to the plaintiff s case, implied that lie v.*as avaricious and grasping in demanding his costs against u poor widow who was sued for rates, that lie was guilty of improper conduct and rapacity as a.solicit'orj and that he was not' a fit and proper.person to be chosed as legal adviser to 'the council. -The defendant, by his defence,' denied that the wo ds in his letter bore the alleged or any defamatory '' meaning, that; they were -true in' substance' and in fact, and' that" the letter was published without, 'malice, arid was a fair comment'0:1 a matter of public interest. The jury, in answer to several ijiiestions referred to them, returned a verdict that the words complained of were not libellous;, and did not bear the. meaning alleged; and if they were; as a matter of law libellous they would only -give' the- plaintiff one farthing •damages.^ -On these - findings jndgment was entered up^for the defendant with costs. Dr. Madden and Mr. Va3ey appeared for the : plaintiff, arid Mr. Leon and Mr. Eagleson for the defendant. . The Ritssia.v Famine.—According to an A<j cablegram the Russian Government has discon tinued the levying of percentages on the salaries of civil servants in order to provide funds for the relief of distress in the famine afflicted dis tricts. The regular taking up of collections in all churches for the slime purpose is also discon tinued, andthe worst of the scarcity appears to be over.'- ' " Gexeral".Booth's Colonisation Scheme.' "—An Argus cablegram' stales that " General" Booth, of the Salvation Army, is sounding the New Zealand Shipping Company and the Shaw Savill arid Albion Company as to their terms for conveying 50,000 colonists to New Zealand in-batches of about 5,000 each. He has not, however, submitted any definite scheme. It is probable that " General" Booth will begin cautiously, arid will make an experiment by. sending 50 families to the Cape Colony to form a village community there. i Messrs. G: H. Hobson and Co. will, at the Arcade Auction Rooms, this day; at 12 o'elook, offer by public auction about 20 pairs of prime fat •turkeys, und»r instructions from Mrs. flattery, of ; Wnrrasiambit. The whole of the birds .are in splendid condition, and the sale is unreserved. 