CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. The nineteenth annual Christian Conference was commenced on Tuesday, in the Y.M.C.A. Hall. The Venerable Archdeacon Langley pre sided, and the hall was crowded at both the afternoon and evening meetings. The confe rence is to extend over four days, closing next Friday evening, The general subject for dis cussion throughout is The Holy Spirit Convicting of Sin, and this is divided into four topics, one of which will be spoken on each day. The topic for Tuesday was Sin, its Character, Consequence and Remedy. The Chairman, who spoke first, pointed out that in the old Jewish days there were three leavens which affected the religious world. There were the leavens of the Pharisees, the Sadducees and of Herod. The first represented the outward as distinct from inward reverence, the second denoted ritualism, whilst the third was characteristic of worldliness. He was sorry to say that these leavens were abroad an the church of God to-day. The belief in theupernatural was drifting out of the minds of many. They seemed to require tangible proof of the mercy and justice of God. Mere animal activity was what the world looked for to-day, whilst spiritual effort was neglected. It appeared to many persons strange that men of the highest education and possessing great intellectual gifts were not always the media by which people were led to salvation. They should not forgot that man was but the merest instru ment in the hands of God, and the humble and the ignorant were often selected to save souls. The spirit of tho Holy Ghost permeated them. The Rev. D. S. McEachran was the next speaker, and dwelt on sin as corrupting man and dishonoring God. He recalled the circum stance that sin had changed angels into devils, and a heaven into a hell. Sin was sure to cor rupt the soul of man. It was like the leprosy, which first appeared as a small spot on the skin, but gradually ate away the body. Human nature the speaker likened to a magnificent temple in ruins. The traces of its former gran deur still remained, and with proper treatment could be restored. The Rev. S. C. Kent followed, taking as his text God's Standard of Righteousness is Immutable. In the evening the Rev. A. Yule continued the topic, speaking on Defective Views of Sin. Original and Actual. He was followed by the Rev. J. F. Macrae, who spoke on Natural Preference for Sin and thn Conscience Dark ened. The business of the day was brought to a conclusion by the Rev. E. Harris, who addressed himself to the text, The Holy Spirit Revealing the Lord Jesus Christ as the Great Deliverer. The conference was resumed on Wednesday, under the presidency of Archdeacon Langley, the hall being again crowded. The topic for the day was "The Holy Spirit Convicting Believers of Sin," and the first speaker was the Rev. J. Watsford who dis coursed on the text "The Holy Spirit Con siderd as the Spirit of Burning." He was followed by the Rev. J. E. Harrison, who spoke on the Holy Spirit cleansing believers from distrust of God and fear of man. The afternoon meeting was brought to a close by the Rev. W. C. Bunning addressing the gathering on the Holy Spirit cleansing believers from doctrinal error. In the evening the conference was resumed by the Rev. C. H. Irwin. This gentleman was succeeded by the Rev. A. R. Blacker, and the day's proceedings closed with an address by the Rev. D. O'Donnell. The conference was resumed at 3 o'clock yes terday, the Venerable Archdeacon Langley again presiding. The topic for the day was The Holy Spirit convicting sinners of sin. The first speaker was the Rev. A. R. Edgar, who divided his subject into two parts, viz.: — The total depravity of the sinner's nature and his guilt in rejecting the Lord. The Rev. J. Beattie followed, and addressed himself to the text, the Holy Spirit convicting of selfwill and lawlessness. The afternoon gathering was brought to a conclusion by the Rev. A. W. Webb, who spoke on the Holy Spirit convicting of sin in family life. In the evening Pastor Sollan delivered an address on the Holy Spirit convicting of sin in business, society and government. He was followed by the Rev. E. H. Ellis, and the day's proceedings closed with an address by the Rev. H. B. Macartney. 