WHOSE FAULT WAS IT? By Amy. "You're not in earnest, Mr Theodore?" "Of coarse I'm in earnest, Delia. You're the prettiest little piece of roses and dimples 1 ever saw. Don't your glass tell yoa the same thing? Ten o'clock' Why, where on earth has the time slipped to? I ought to hare been down town half an hour ago. It's all your, fault, Delia." And Mr Theodore St Yolens harried off, chocking Delia Stephens under the chin as he went by. "I wonder," thought Delia, "if he really loves me. I wonder—" "Delia!' Delia! what are yon loitering about!" cried a shrill, high-pitched voice. " Ten o'clock, and the poodle not washed, the canaries neglected, and the drawing room not dusted ? Really; Delia, I don't know what's come to yon of late." "I—I was detained. I am just through here, ma'am, faltered Delia, flushing crimson np to the very roots of her hair as she hnrried out of the room. Delia Stephens was Mrs St Yolens' parlour maid and especial attendant. She bad been a milliner's apprentice before the rich lady saw and took a fancy to her, when she—Mrs St Yolens—was dictating as to the trimming of a hat. " How much do yon get here ?" said Mrs St Yolens; and Delia answered meekly: 1 " Only my board, ma'am." " I'll give you £2 a month," said Mrs St.'Yolens. And Delia Stephens abandoned her trade and came to live with the rich lady. She was a farmer's daughter, and now that she had obtained this fine situation, as it seemed to her, she wrote home a letter of triumph. " I might have stayed oat there ia the -wilderness all -my days," wrote Delia, "and never earned anything more than my board." It was half an honr or so afterwards, and Delia was busy flating some wide Valenciennes lace for her mistress, when] Mrs St. VoIens* shrill voice'summoned1 her np-stairs. And Delia knew from* the very accent that something was wrong. Mrs St. Volens stood in the middle of' the room as Delia entered it, a red spot on either cheek, and a bit of cardboard in' her hand. "Look here, Delia Stephens," said she. "The housekeeper has just brought this to me—a photograph of my nephew, Theodore f~—She-says she found it in your room!" Delia turned scarlet, and felt in stinctively in her bosom. "I—I must have dropped it," said she, scarce considering her words. " Then it is yours 7" " Yes," faltered Delia. " How came you by it ?" sternly cate chised Mrs St. Volens. " He gave it to me." " He ? Who ? " Mr Theodore." Mrs St. Volens' face grew grim and hard' as adamant. " Yon are dis charged," said she, turning coldly on her heel. And Delia, stunned and bewildered, went up to her room to pack her few belongings, and think what she should do next. Mr Theodore St. Yolens was con- ; siderably surprised that afternoon to see' his aunt's maid walk into the down town office. " Little Delia," cried he, clapping a pair of eyeglasses to his eyes. It isn't; possible!" 1 "Yes," said Delia, "it is I. Oh, Mr Theodore, what am I to do ? Your aunt j has dismissed me!" " Dismissed yon ! And why ?" de manded the young man. " She—she'fonnd your picture in my possession," faltered Delia, beginning to cry. " And a precious fool yon innst hare been to let her find it," said he, impa tiently, " what else could you expect, Delia?" " And what am I do now 2" she questioned, piteously. " Do ?" repeated Mr St. Yolens. "Why, get another situation, to be sure." [ " How can I, with no references ? And—" I j "Now, loot here," said Theodore, irritably, "all this is no business of mine. I don't see why should you come here, bothering me " No business of yours," vaguely repeated Delia. ."Not at all.'" " But it was your fault that^I lost the place." " My fault!" echoed Mr Theodore, with a strident laugh; "My fault, because I just told you what a pretty little thing you are, and Aunt- Anas tasia got mad with jealousy'and spite. Come, that is a little too good." " But—but—" hesitated Delia, with a deadly cbill settling aronnd~her heart, '.'didn't you mean anything all the time ?" " Mean ! No ; what should I mean ? Really, Delia, this is becoming annoy ing.' Now you are crying again ! Oh, confound it all !" " .You need not go, Mr St. Yolens," said Delia, with what dignity she could command. " I shall rid you of my presence at onee. -Excuse me for making such a mistake as to suppose you were an honourable gentleman." Mr St. Volens winced a little under the cutting irony of her words-as she walked out of the office, aud' went to Mademoiselle Ferromiere, the milliner. " Perhaps," thought Delia./ "^he will take me on again. For starve." r- BptMrsSt. Yolensr«pshe discovered to her grief, had beeh beforehand with her. Mademoiselle Ferromiere rolled up her eyes. " She .was sorry- for Miss Stephens— but really it was an improper thing to be making eyes at hermistress's nephew. And she couldn't afford~to lose a cus tomer like Madame St. Yolens—and, besides, "she-had the characters of her yonng women to look to, and—" Bat Delia, who was as innocent of any gailty thought or deed as a white dove, turned away with a shudder. " Do—do they think I have . done anything wrong?" she asked herself. " Oh ! has it come to this !" Delia went home to the little brown farm-house in the country—but even there a letter from the indignant Mrs St. Yolens bad preceded her. Her father met her with cold, averted eyes—her mother burst into tears. " Oh, Delia, to think that yon should come home so! And we all thought your fortune was made 1" " You're welcome to stay for a night or two, Delia," said Mr Stephens, coldly; bat after the. .way in which you have treated your confiding mistress—" " Father," burst out Delia, " what have they, been telling you ?" "Facts speak for themselves," said the old man, grimly. In the middle of the night, Delia came to her mother's bedside, looking as white as a ghost. " Dear me, child," said Mrs Stephens, half asleep, " what is the matter ?" " Mother," said Delia, " where is your laudanum bottle? I've got such a dreadful toothache!" " It's on the clock-shelf," said Mrs Stephens, drowsily. In the morning Delia was found dead among her pillows. Dead and cold. And the shocked parents never knew whether it was an overdose of laudannm or a deliberate act of suicide that opened the gates of another world to their stricken child. . However, she was beyond all criticism or carping now, thank Heaven !. 