ALONE ON A WIDE, WIDE SEA. By W. Clabk Rukseli., Author of "A Sea. Queen," " 'Ilie Golden Umjw.' "The Wreck of tho Grosveoor," "The I>ea.Ul Ship," "My Danish Sweetheart," <tc., <£c. CHAPTER XT. I AH SVrrUED WITH CLOTHES. " 1 did not think," said Mrs. Lee, when we were alone, " that Sirs. Webber had so good an opinion of herself. But she is well meaning, and she will be useful to you." "Do you think her imagination wiij help me ?" said L " Until your memory returns," she answered, "what could she tell you that you would be able to say yes or no to ? . But let her question you. On a dark morning without a compass ono can never tell in what quarter the day will break." At this moment Captain.Ladmore arrived on deck, and he immediately joined us. I hope, inadaiue," said he, addressing me, "to have the pleasure of teeing you at tho saloon table to-day." *' You are extremely .good," I answered, "but 1 do not feel equal .to sitting at the saloon tabic. The privacy of my cabin and the society of Mrs.fand Miss Lee, whenever they will endure me, are all that I wish. Besides, I cannot forget" -J faltered and was silent. " What cannot you forget ?" said he gravely. "I am not a passenger," said 1, looking down. " What 16 in your mind when you pronounce the word passenger?" lie asked. A passenger is one who pays,"I a&iwered.; " How do you know that?" said he. "I know it, said I, after thinking a little, " because Miss Lee told me tha t her mother had hired the cabin for the round voyage." "Ha !" he exclaimed, exchanging a iooUwith Mrs. Lee. " Wellhe continued, slightly smiling, "you will consider yourself a passenger who does not pay, Yoa are the gv;°st of the ship. Some ships are hospitable and liberal hostesses, and the owners of the Deal Castle would wish her to be one of them. L)o. pray, be perfectly easy on that scores" I bowed my head, murmuring, "Thank you." "There is one consoling part to be borne in inicd,"said he, addressing Airs. Lee, "one fact that should tend to console and soothe this lady; it is this—she is single. She might have been a married woman, driven by disaster from her husband, and, worse still, from her children. But put it that she has parents—it ; may not be so; who can tell that ner parents i are living? But to be sundered from a mother i and a father to whom in the course of time one 1 is certain to return is not like being torn from one's children. This is a consideration to eon- , sole you. Miss C." J "Do not cry," said Airs. Lee, taking my ' arm. " I fully agree with the captain. Only ; think how it would be if, instead of bsing j single, you were a mother, cruelly and strangely taken away from your children." At this point Sir Frederick Thompson, who had been intently surveying us from the other ; side o! the deck, ^approached. He bowed, and i lifted a little white wideawake. j " I beg paidon for intruding," said he, " but ; I should like to ask this lady a question." "If it refers to airything that is past, Sir Frederick," exclaimed Captain Ladmore. "I fear she wiil not be able to satisfy your curiosity.'" "There's no curiosity," slid Sir Frederick, "it's merely this, when 1 was Sheriff, Lady Thompson and me—for my poor wife was then living—were invited to the ho'.-te of Lord " and he named a cc-rtain nob'eman; "and I remember that at supper I sat next to his Lordship's sister-in-law, Lady Looey Calthorpe, whose father was the third Earl " and here he pronounced the name "of another nobleman. "What I wanted to say is that this lady is the very h'image of Lady Looey, excepting that Lady Looey 'adn't white 'air. Now, ma'am," said he, addressing me, "of course you're not Lady Looey; but you might be a relative, for Lady Looey had several sisters and a great number of cousins." " I do not know who I am," she answered. " How long ago is it since you sat liesido Lady Lucy Calthorpe at supper, Sir Frederick?" asked the captain. "Why, getting on for two years and an 'arf." " And you remember her distinctly en jugh to enable you to find a likeness to her in this lady?" " God bless you, captain, yes. If it wasn't for the white 'air I should say that this lady was Lady Looey herself." " Is Calthorpe the family name of the Earl of ?" said Sirs. Lee. "Certainly, it is," answered Sir Frederick, "you will find it in the peerage." "Thelady's initials are A.C." said the captain. Sir Frederick struck the palm of his hand with his clenched fist, and his little eyes shone triumphantly as he said, "I'd like to make a bet, captain, that you've had the honour of preserving the life of a Calthorpe. Such a likeness as I see is only to bs found in IMUIIICS." " The accident of the lady being on board the French brig is aooounted for," said the captain, eyeing me thoughtfully and earnestly. "She was rescued out of an open boat. But where did that boat come from?" "Would not Miss C's handkerchief, the handkerchief, you spoke of. Captain Ladmore, that has her initials—wonld it not be marked with something more than initials if she had rank?" said Mrs. Lee. " I cannot tell," answered Captain Ladmore. "What should a simple sea captain know of such things ?" "The h'aristocracy,'' said Sir Frederick, "mark their linen all ways. I'm h'able to speak with authority. At a - Mansion 'Ouse ball a friend picked up an 'andkerehief, ai beautiful lace andkerehief, and brought it to j my poor wife. Tho word Fanny was worked 1 in the corner, and that was my wife's name, l . . t h e 'andkereliief was 'era. But; raised to the peerage in the preceding year. rP! There was no coronet —™on 4 -that 1 -" 4 - 'andkerehief' Observing that I was exi>ected to speak I exclaimed, "The names Sir Frederick mentions suggest nothing to me." "Well, h'all that I can say is," exdaimed Sir Frederick, " that the likeness is absolutely startling." He again lifted his little white wideawake, and crossiag the deck joined a group of passengers with whom he entered into conversation. " There is nothing for it but to wait," said Captain Ladmore. "If your name were Calthorpe,"said Mrs. Lee, " surely the utterance of it would excite some sensations, however weak, in your mind." •' One should say so," remarked the captain. "1 fear," said I, with much agitation, "that if I were to see my name fully written I should not know it. And yet it is strange!" "What is strange?" asked Mrs. Lee. " You will not think me vain for repeating it. There can be no vanity in a poor miseiable outcast such as I. But 1 remember that one of the people of the French brig, the young man, Aiphonse, who had been a waiter, and who bad attended upon a great many English people—I remember him once saying he was persuaded that I was a woman of title, or, if not a lady of title, that I belonged to the English aristocracy. I cannot imagine why he should have thought so." "Well," said the captain, smiling at Mrs. Lee, " it may be that we have preserved the life of the daughter of an Earl, or, better still, of a Duke. Anything higher we must not hope for. But enough for the present at all events that Miss C. should be a fellow creature in distress." And with a bow that seemed to have gained something in respectfulness, but nothing in kindness, he walked away. The luncheon bell rang, and we descended into the saloon. Mrs. Lee begged me to join the company at table. " I will ask the steward, she said, ' to find you a place next to my daughter." But I entreated her to excuse me. "I do not like to show myself in company with this bandage on," I said, "and I feel weak and shy, and my talk I fear is often childish. I hope to join you in a few days;" and thus speaking I put her daughter's hat and shawl she had lent me into her hands, and made my way to my berth. When I entered my berth I sat down to rest myself and reflect. I felt weary. The fresh air had rendered me somewhat languid, and I had overtaxed my strength with the several conversations I had held with one and another i on the poop. I said to myself, can it be that the little man with the fur on his coat is ; right? Is my name Calthorpe, and am I a ! lady of title, and is my home actually in England 1 And then I hunted in my mind for an idea to help me, but I found none. J groped as it were, with my inner vision over the thick black curtain that had dcscendcd upon my past, but nothing, no, not the most phantasmal outline of recollection glimmered upon the sable folds of my mind. The cries of my heart were unanswered. No echo was returned from the dreadful silent midnight that h-.i:)gutwn my spirit. Hooked upon re.y <! -Mjids; I diew forth my purse, and for the. twentieth time gazed at it and at the money in it; I examined the pocket handkerchief, and mused upon the initials in the corner, and whilst I was thus occupied Mrs. Richards cntenjd with my lunch. " I was sure," said she, " you would wish to remain private for some little time yet. I hope I have brought vou what you like. This red wine is Burgundy. Mr. "Melv.van bade me i give it you; he says it is a very feeding wine. And what do you think I have just heard ?" | "' I cannot imagine," said I. "Mrs. Webber stopped me as I was passing i through the saloon and said, 'What do vcu think. Mis. Richards? Sir Frederick i Thompson believes he has found out who Miss j C. is. And who do you think he says she is?' ! * 1 do not know, madam,' said L ' A. Caithorpe,' said she. 4 What is a Caltliorjie?' said j I. * A. Calthorpe,' she answered, 'is a member of one of the oldest families in England. I he ; Earl of is a Calthorpe, and Sir Frederick ; finds an extraordinary likeness between Miss j C. and Lady Lucy Calthorjte. He is quite ' satisfied that she is not Lady Lucy harself, because her ladyship's hair is brown not white, but he is willing to bet she is a Calthor|>e.' * As for the hair being white,' said I,' if Miss C. is Lady Lucy Calthorpe she has undergone quite enough to change the colour of her hair. But how could Sir Frederick,' said I, ' be sure of her with a bandage on ?' "Well, ho is sure,' . said Mrs. Webber, ' sure I mean that she is a Calthorpe,' and this was all that passed. The passengers were taking to their places and I canie away. What do you think ? " Do not ask me, Mrs. Richards; I am unable to think." " Poor dear! Let me pour you out a glass of wine. It will be strange if you should prove a Iadv of title. And why should you not be a ladv of title? You have the appearace of one. The. moment I saw you I said to myself—and I -aid it to myself before I heard your story— ' though she has come out of a na=ty little brig I can see that she is a liom lady.' Do you know that you have left your cap behind you :" " It is in Mrs. Lee's cabin," said I. " Try and eat your lunch," exc.-laimed the stewardess?, "and after lunch, if f were you. I would lie down and endeavour to get some sleep." I passed the afternoon alone. I lay in iny ibunk, unable to read, dosing a little, and, when I was not dozing, straggling with recollection, and often with fits of horror aud despair dreadful as madness. Some time near 5 She stewardess looked in tG say that Mrs. Webber wished to visit me. She was anxious to have a quiet chat. Would I receive her. I answered no. I should require, I said, to feel much better to be able to endure a quiet chat with Mrs. Webber. " Shs asked me to give you this book," said Mrs. Richards. "She said she had marked the pages which she would like you to read." I took the book, and when Mrs. Richards was gone 1 languidly opened it and found that it was a collection of verses written by Eleanor Webber, -and dedicated "to my husband, Leopold Webber, Esquire." Two" pages were dogseared, and one of them contained a poem sailed the "Lonely Heart," and the other a poem called "The Lonely Soul." I tried to read these verses, but could not understand them. They jingled unmeaningly though not unmusically in a melancholy key. " Why do they tease one with such stuff?" I said to my self, putting the book down. The wind had increased during the afternoon, and the tliip was leaning over with steep decks which reminded me of the French brig. But how different was her motion as she rosa stately to the seas, every massive heave of her satisfying and inspiring one with its suggestion of victorious power. I felt that the ship was rushing through the water. There was a peculiar tingling throughout her frame, as though she was thrilled from end to end by the sting and hiss of tho milk-white brine which poured from either bow, and raced in hills along her side, again and again clouding my cabin window with a leap of seething dazzle, the blow and dissolving roar oi which fell like a thunder-shock upon the ear. j But for my unwillingness to meet the pas- | sengers I should have gone on deck. I felt a > sort of madness on me that afternoon. It came j and went, but wheu the feeling was upon me I I craved for the open air, for the sweep and ] trumpeting of the wind, for a sight of the | great ship hurling onwards, for a sight, too, of . the warring waters; and at these moments I ' said to myself, 1 will net go on deck now and , meet the passengers; I will wait until the j darkness comes; I will wait until the people j are sleeping, and the silence of the slumber of ' many is upon the ship as it was last night— i and then I will steal on dcck and ease the . torments of my sightless mind by blending my • thoughts with the dark picture of ship and white-peaked seas and rushing black-winged . sky ; and this I will do in some obscure corner j of the ship where I shall not be seen. j But when the inscrutable horror, the insupportable agitation which drove me into this resolution of going on deck at midnight had passed, I shivered and stealthily wept, for then I seemed to see an awful shadow, a menacing ' shape of darkness, crouching and skulking : behind my impulse—a spectre of self-murder, whose first step itVould be to impel me on deck in the darkness of the night, and whose next step after I should have stood lonely for some j time on deck, would be to tempt me to leap j overboard into the ocean grave where my memory lay ! Yes, there could be no doubt that I was a little mad at intervals during that afternoon, and ono cause of these fits of horror ; and despair, and of the desire to mingle my spirit with the wild commotion outside, and to pas? out of myself into the starry freedom of the blowing ocean-night, lay is & SOTt of dumb blind anguish that racked me when the cloud- ! ing of my cabin window by the passing foam 1 carried my thoughts to the speeding of the ship through the sea. Though I knew not from what ( or where, yet I seemed to feel with God knows what muteness, and blindness, and faintness of Instinct, that I was being borne away—that wherever my home might be, from it I was being swept. Feeling, indeed, was no more than seeming; I could be sure of nothing; thought was absolutely indeterminate; never- | theless there was a secret movement in my j dark mind that goaded me as though the tooth of something venomous, unreachable, and , uneonjectuiable was subtly at work within me. j But having fallen into a short doze I awoke calm, and then I resolved that I would not go on deck that night for I feared if I should be visited whilst on deck and in darkness by such moods as had tormented me throughout the afternoon I should destroy myself. Some dinner was brought to me by a very civil under-steward, who stated that Airs. Richards was too busy to attend upon me, but that she would be having occasion to call upon me later on. Being without tho power of comparing, I was unable to understand how fortunate I was in having fallen into the hands of such a man as Captain Frederick Ladmore. I did not imagine that other captains would not use me equally well; indeed I never gave that view of the matter a thought. I ate and drank, and accepted ail the kindnesses which were done me as a child might, and yet I was grateful, .-aid the tears would stand in iny eyes when I tat alone and thought of what, had been done for me ; but my gratitude and my appreciation were not these of a person whose faculties are whole. The under-steward had lighted the lamp, and when he fetched the tray I got into my bunk and sat in ic and asked myself all the questions which occurred to me. I then arose and took the glass from the cabin wail, and returning to my bunk, fixed my eyes upon my reflection. It may be, 1 thought to myself, that I do not know who I am, because ever since I returned to consciousness my face has been obscured and deformed by sticking plaisterand a bandage. If I remove the bandage I may know myself. So I took the bandage off and looked. The lint dressing came away with the bandage and exposed the injury, and I saw that my right eyebrow was of a pale red, with a long dark scar going from the temple to above the bridge of the nose. The hair on the brow was entirely gone, and my face having but one eyebrow, had a wild, odd, foreign look. I also perceived that my nose, where it was indc-nK-d betwixt the brow and the bridge, was injured. It was necessaiy to view myself in profile to gather the extent of this injury, and this I could not do, haviug but one glass. Then I said to myself, it may be that I am disfigured beyond recognition of my own eyes. In tlie case of my lace it is not my memory that is at fault. Calamity and horror of mind havo ravaged iny face, and I do riot know myself. If iny face wos now as in lmd been prior to the disaster that liiui blinded my mind and rendered mo the loimliont woman in tliu world, tho night of it would giv<> luu-k my memory. I continued toguxr. my r^lWiion in the mirror. 1 then ivu.djiisli-.il iln, liuitihi^n, hung up tin; glaiiti nlid n-.-.uniml my nr.al it, my bunk. I wan sitting tnolioiilras Willi iny oj oa i«i,,i>-il to the deck uliuu tlm .»>=l.v thmnpud and thiona m.cii. un.l Mi. M.iKiv.ui entered. llt> ctoi.ii awl.iiu ii,..l,iuc .it- ui-\ swaying T"ii wiiU-opro&d; icJ. iho i.i.xj llieiltti of tllttMlijI, Ulul Ulbli Dhi:laliliut "I thought a a lunch. iUt. it. \i.ml- dn Yo'U have to comb out ot Mils.'' 1 I....I.ml at. him. "And you'vo Im^u liieililluig ith \>>m bandage. Did not 1 toll you to lo«uo it aluiic ; Oh, vanity, vanity ! in not thy name Vioiituu : Did ye want to sec how muuli beauty you't t, lost? Come to the light that 1 lnny sod what you've been doing to yourself." li« undid tho bandage and said, " Well, it's mending apaue. it's mendine apaoe. Another day of that wrap and you shall have my permission to apjKiar as you are." He then with an air of roughness but with A most tender band, bound my brow afresh. "Now,- MissC.," said he—"but am I to call ye Calthorpe ? half the ninnies are swearing that's your name, on no better authority than the dim recollection of a little old man who would ewear to a ducal likeness in a cook's mate if by so doing he cauld find an excuse to air his acquaintance with the nobility—what 1 want to say is this, I'm your medical adviser, and 1 desire to see ye with some memory in your head, that the captain ms.y be able to send you home. But if you intend to mope about in this cabin, sittirfi in yon bed and glaring at vacancy as thouph the physical faculty of memory was a ghost, capable cf shaping itself out of thin air and of rushing into your body with a triumphant yfell, t-hej it's my duty to tell you that instf-a-,1 of your memory revisiting its old haunt, the ghost er two of sense that still stalks in your brain will make a bolto't, leaving ye-.-lean daft. Ye understand me?" " 1 do not," faid I. "Do you understand me when I say you must get outof this-cabin?" " Yes.' " Do you understand me when I say that yen must mix with the passengers, take your place j at the saloon table and humanise yourself into the likeress of others by conversing, listening j to the piano playing, walking the deck, and surveying the beauties of the ocean. Do you understand that ?" " Y<?s," said I. " Vou look frightened. There's nothing to be afraid of. But you must do what you're told, or how are you to .get home?" " I will do anything," I cried, passionately, "that will-rive me back my memory." •" Very well," said ho, " to-morrow you shall begin. To-morrow you must become a passenger and cease to be a stowaway. Why, only think of what your mind may be meessing. Tho saloon dinner tables are stripped, there are people amusing themselves at cards and cliess, and there is a young lady at the piano singing like a nightingale. She is singing a beautiful Scotch song, and the singer herself is a beautiful woman, and how am I to know that there may not be a magic, leagues outof sight of my poor skill, to touch, to arouso, to give life, colour, and perfume to that delicate flower of memory whieh you believe lieB dead in you?" I started up. "I will go and listen to the singing." " No, rest quiet here for this evening. Take your night's rest. You shall begin to- morrow. Ill send Mrs. Richards to sit with ye. You shan't be alone. And now d'ye know, MissC.. for all your scared looks, you're better than you were wheu I opened tho door just now. Good night." He spoke abruptly, but he grasped my hand kindly, and looked at me with kindness and sympathy in the face. The moment I was alone I oj>ened the door and put my head out to hear the voice of the beautiful young woman, whoever she might be, who was singing in the saloon; but either the Eong was ended or the music was inaudible down in this part of the ship where my cabin was, for instead of the tones of a beautiful young woman rising and falling in a sweet Scotch melody, I heard the grumbling accents of four men playing at whist at a table at the forward end of the steerage. The movements of the ship were indicated by the somewhat violent oscillations of the lamp under which they sat, four bearded men holding cards. 1 was about to withdraw my head when I observed Mrs. Richards coming along the steerage. She bore a large bundle in her arms, under whose weight she moved with difficulty, owing to the rolling of the ship, and she came directly to my cabin. " Here it is," she exclaimed, letting^ the bundle fall upon the deck; "how heavy good underlinen is! It's the rubbish that's light, though it looks more, and that's why it pays. Here, my dear, is quite an outfit for you. You may take them as gifts or you may take them i as loans; that't al your pride shall decide. There's s^me." said she, kneeling and opening ! the bundle, "from Airs. Webber, and some , from Mrs. Lee, and likewise a dress from Mis? ] Lee, which she hopes will fit, aud some from " and she named three other ladies among the passengers. The. collection was indeed an outfit in its way. There was no essential article of female attire in which it was lacking. j "The ladies," Eaid Mrs. Richards, "put their heads together, and one said she'd give or lend this, and another said she'd give or lend that; so [here'll be enough to last you to ; Sydney, ay, and even home again." ! "The good little creature's face was bright with pleasure and satisfaction as she held up the articles one after anotherforme to look at. "How am I to thank the ladies for their kindness ?" said I. "By wearing the things, my dear, and in no other way do they look for thanks," she answered, and then she proposed that I should uut on >Iiss Lee's dress to see if it fitted me. i 1 and then it will fit you. I'il fetch my workbasket and you shall make the alteration this evening, for the doctor only a little while ago told me that you are not to be allowed to mope in this cabin or you will go mad." She withdrew, and in a few minutes returned with her work-basket. She placed a chair for me under the lamp, put the dress and the workbasket on my knee, and preserving her cheerful smile bade me go to work. I believe she suspected I should be at a loss, and at a loss I certainly should have been had not the articles I required been set before me. I could not have asked for scissors, needle, thread, thimble, and the like, because I should not have been able to recollect the terms nor the objects which the terms expressed. But when I saw the things my recognition of them cost me no effort of mind. I took them ap in the order in which I required to use them, picking up the scissors and cutting off a button, then threading a needle, then putting on a thimble, and all this I did as readily as though my memory was as perfect as it now is. Mrs. Richards watched me in silence. Presently she said, "There is no reason, my dear, why you should not belong to a noble family, but I do not believe you are a lord's daughter. You use your needle too well to be the daughter of a lord." " I do not dream that I am the daughter of a lord," said I. " Yon might be the daughter of a gentleman whose brother is a lord, and there may be reasons which thore is no accounting for, until your memory 'returns, why you should have been taught to use your needle. No nobleman's daughter would think of learning to sew. Why should she? She might learn fancy work for her entertainment, but your handling of the needle isn't that of a fancy worker. I shouldn't be surprised if your father is a clergyman. There are many clergymen who belong to noble families; and do you know, Miss C., if you wore a wedding ring I should be disposed to think that you had plenty of times mended and made for little ones of your own. Why do I say this ? Ie it your manner of sitting ? your way of holding.the dress ? What puts it into my head? I'm sure leant' tell, but thereitis." She came and went whilst I was busy with the buttons of the dress, and when I had made an end I put the dress on and it fitted me. We then between us packed away the linen and other articles in some drawers m a corner of the cabin, and when this was done she left me and returned with wine and biscuits, and a glass of hot gin and water for herself, and for an hour we sat talking. 