if THE WOMAN'S WORLD. j A MASS of people have departed London life, it it ! true, but many aro lurking (says "Gloriana" in tlie World) in odd squares and streets. In occasional strolls I meet a fen--— a very few— friends, and we gaze fearfully at one another, haunted by the dead season's ghosts. In the park the chairs are ignouiiniously reversed, and acres of iron legs in ignoble attitudes greet our regretful eyes. Poor "Lost Tottie " still sketches and stitches by the Achilles statue, with as much sangjroid and satisfac tion as in the preceding weeks, when, in n broad- oriinuied hat and draggly skirts, she sat blissfully unconscious of duchesses, divinities, and . dandies. Lady Abercromby, in a smart, grey frock, picks her delicate way, looking delightfully pretty, m spite oi "Goodwood drencliings ; Mrs. Walter Creyke, blazing with daughters, sits weeping over the ruins of 'Carthage in Dido-like despair ; Lord Chesterfield strides along, " a proper man as one shall see in a summer's day " ; " Lady Cotterell, in mauve, and her daughter, in black, mourning fof dead delights ; then Lady Berkeley Paget. ; and last, not least, Kenneth Howard— the only man in London with the courage of his opinions and tho consistency to abide thereto. Mr. Howard loves this new Babylon openly, unfeignedly, and declines to quit its shelter ing arms. Men may come, and men may go, but Kenneth strolls for ever. Medicos declare tho train has a specially injurious effect on modern brains ahd backs, and that t he vaunted benefits of change of ait are minimised by rush and scurry, discomforts, hideous sanitary risks, and a flying to ills we know not of. Mr. Howard is wise in his generation, and, f ear in, year out, enjoys the uniform calm of London uxnry. Is he not. a philosopher, accepting unquea- tioninglv his allotted fate ? Nay, but while we art voung, let us be rash, foolish, ecstatic ! " Variety's the very spice of life, Which gives it all its flavour." Hint inexorable old tyrant with the scythe will toa soon seize onus — turn fresh cheeks to withered parch ment, and the eves dancing with light and love to colourless jellyfish substances. Wasting our youth ful sweetness in this huge town, so stifling sestheti- cally and physically, is a maddening folly, and I should die for a glimpse of the Sun King, setting in crimson and gold, behind the everlasting hills:- to hear the wash of tho waves : feel the heather under my feet, and Nature's unadulterated ether kissing jay weary lids. Many of tho newest tweeds and homespuns haro (says a writer on " Going-away Gowns " in the Morn ing Advertiser) wide checks stretched across-the surface. Home-spuns are being v»ry much used for travelling wear this season ; they are not only light but exceed ingly durable. A blue checked cloth of this descrip- : tion was made with a waistcoat of yellow silk and small turned-up cuffs of the same. Bound tho bottom of the skirt a band of very wide gold braid was carried. Leather is frequently used to trim theso substantial gowns with ; sometimes it is only intro duced in the form of a waistcoat, at others it is as a long jacket. One or two neutral tinted cloths, such as a myrtle green, a drab, and a dark blue had yokes and panels down one side of the skirt of this material, embroidered with gold or silver. Corduroy vests are another innovation in tailor- made gowns. They are made of the same kind of corduroy as the livery waistcoats, and the favourite shades in them are pink, yellow, and crimson. Dust- coloured cloth iB cuaruiing when trimmed with rich brown velvet; and butcher blue is another shade w& are likely to see very often during the coming autumn. A very dainty little serge gown had a simulated jupe of blue and white checked cotton ; an upper bodice and long tight Bleeves of the same being a pretty addition to an otherwise very simple toilette. Leather is also used for tho new stay bodices, which are now quite a feature, of the really fashionable gown. The favourite material though for this novel bodice is volvet. White cloth or serge is much patronised by yachting ladies. It is stylish when well made, and relieved, perhaps, with a little tan colour or navy blue. Some dressmakers are affirm ing that the long coat bodices are doomed, and that after the early autumn gowns are worn out we shall see them no more. They will be superseded by the princess robe. A clover-coloured homespun, with large steel buttons on the bodice, was amongst the most stylish gowns worn at a recent alfresco entertainment. It is a good colour, and stands sea air well. In view of the present season in Scotland tartan silk blouses are being made. Naturally these only look well with a very quiet style of skirt, such as a plain black or dark navy serge, or some noutral coloured homespun or cheviots. Avery handsome dress for smart water- parties is of fine black canvas, piped with crimson cloth. The skirt has panels of the latter down each side beautifully appliqued with black chenille, a hem of red cloth goes round the bottom, whilst the long coat has vest collar and sleeves of the same em broidered in the same way as the panels. Fawn- coloured canvas with the trimming of black cloth is equally pretty, and a little jet may be introduced is lieu of the chenille. Fob fashionablo spas and watering-places light woollen materials, either in pale blue, cream, pink, or grey, are most used. It is quite safe to assert that most of these gowns Lave a small frill of the material, either plainly gathered on or pinked out at the bottom of the skirt ; a few are enlivened by means of ; a series of rows of ribbon, very often of quite a eon- | trasting shade to the dress itself. For inetance, a I pretty toilette of French grey voile de laine had ! bonds of orange velvet run round the edge of the skirt, or a pale blue cr&pon; with pink moire ribbon. Blaok grenadine made up over coloured satin is another pretty style of afternoon toilette ; and tartan grenadine is a novelty which is likely to meet with some favour. Vieux-roao muslin makes a pretty and inexpensive dress. It looks best with a little full bodice, encircled round the waist with bands of the same coloured velvet. ! Little capes of cheviot or tweed are made to go with many of the Scotch gowns. They are made in a neat shape, lined with silk or flannel, and with a small hood lined with silk. In front these capes resemble jackets, as they are just strapped across, and have only simulated sleeves. Behind they are out rather long at the waist, and finished off with a rosette. A useful kind of cloak, made with a detachable cape, is in the new dahlia colour, somewhat like petunia, or in vieux-rose cloth. The cape is trimmed with black lace and cabochons of jet, whilst a high collar, edged with feathers, is a charming finish. The cape worn alone is quite sufficiently dressy for a visiting toilette. Another stylish cloak had large revers of ! tartan (Bob Boy) on a cloth of dark green. The . cloth was somewhat rough in make, and very silky on j the surface. In mackintoshes there is a great variety, and many are the novel patterns to be seen. The brocaded designs are charming, and so well blended in colour they quite take the place of dust- eloaks, at . they do either for a covering from dust or rain. | Jackets are being cut much more pointed in front : and decidedly shorter behind. The collars are still made somewhat high, as they are more of a protec tion for the neok and throat when driving. Littla pockets, bearing large ornamental buttons, are placed at each side, and if the coat is not a double-breasted one it usually fastens in a zigzag way by means of hooks. Bough pilot cloth "is extensively used for jacbting coats, and, indeed, for any which are to be tlonned during the holidays. The little corduroy coats form a very elegant wrap, and they may very well do duty as an ordinary cover coat. Terra-co tti is a very favourite shade to have these made in. Some tailors are lining these with moirl silk, but it is not an idea which is at all likely to last. Moird is a make of silk which is very much given to cutting and as a lining this fault would be most annoying. Filbert is one of tho new shades of fawn, and a jacket made in a fine habit cloth of that colour looks very well over a brown dress. There is also a new lilac, which partakes somewhat of red, and a blue which fades into deep mauve. All these colours are permissible over black, and they are also equally Biiitublo as a whole costume. Coarse-ribbed or diagonal black serge makes a nice coat for mourning , wear. It is best cut quite loosely in front, and with the edges turned far back. A deep plain basque is added, and if lined throughout, with a pretty plaid . silk tho effect is most attractive. A tea-gown is | quite an indispensable garment for visiting with, and : it should be sufficiently stylish and dressy to be worn on .my occasion, such as a quiet dinner, or a large gathering at five o'elock tea. Grey cashmere looks very nice made with prinoese fronts opening upon a full under- front of white surah, over which a veiling of silver net falls. The sleeves of white wore also cororcd with the net, and a high collar finished off the neck. Tho back, cut in one, ! feli into a small train outlined with silver cord. Tea- ; jackets of pongee and surah are also very useful for , taking away ; they are generally made with pleated j basques of lace, cither black or white, and very plenti- j fully trimmed with ribbons. A novel one of snuff- coiourcd pcrcalle was ornamented with frills of ficelle lace. A few women are haying their tea-jackets made of flowered de laine, and others of self-coloured ; crepou aro lined with a different kind of silk, which j throws a soft and pretty light over the whole. The ' soft crcpo ties which hare been worn all the summer are still to be seen, and they are exceedingly becons- i ing when wom oyer a plain dark bodice. . KWi tii;. 