AT A SEANCE. Wives should .veto those spiritualistio \-- seanoos foruion only; which are held so rnys- ' toriously aud aoerutly. Wo learn from siuglo .- mcu that the female spirit, when materialised, is not at all shy, aud that a fellow, if really ill oariicst, can hare all his dead and gone sweet hearts materialised, from the dot of nine "up to tuo bouncing girt 01 twenty. JJy thoso moans a porsovcriug person may Lavo a real good timo at littlo cost, ami put it down under th.e heading, " Intellectual Rcsoarch Into tho Dark Womb of Futurity." It also appoar3 that a. good deal of fun can bo bad at mixed seances when all the attendants aro " lively." For .instance, on ono occasion, a first-class medium asked to materialise tlio spirit of William Branson, killed by a tram, did so, speedily--, at tho roquost of bis sister Lucy. Williuui did not appear to hnvo suffered much _ by tho ncoidont that removed him from this earthly sphcro, for when ho emerged from tho cabinet, clothed in a long wbito robe, aud with a phosphorescent nimbus .encircling his curly head, ho walked nimbly to whore . Lucy sat by tho window, sat right down in iter lap and bugged anil kissed her a "good 'un," as a lively young .laily. remarkod in thoir vicinity. Lator this youiig lady, after. lamenting audibly that slio hadn't a. dead brother, , promptod . by. tho girl ; wlio camo with her, stood, up, uud ai'tor .Boveral giggles , were got out .of 'tho . way, '.- .enquired for the ghost of her dead cousin,- .Edward Playtuir, who died of small-pox on tho quaraiitiuo ground. There wasn't much ;to cltooso ' -between William and Edward, except, that Ed. had" a shortor robo- and a ! bettor; time, for the two girls shared liim ' fairly — ho aat on both their knees at one time, and kissed tliom alternately . Edward having gone, leaving an odor of musk in his wako— Willie used white roso — a'very pink aud . white young man asked tho medium to call up ' ' tho sprite of Sophy Skirtsoff from tho vasty deep. Sophy appeared to be well kuown and oqually well liked, for when she entered, clad chiefly in a short skirt aud a broad grin, a smile of holy, couteutmont was diffused over tho tnalo part of tho auditorium, but tho young ladies who had been so attentive to William and Edward said at onee, "Well, I novei;!" ' and mado ns though they'd go out. But llioy stayod to soo tho fun: Sophy sat on all tho male laps, beginning with tho albino, whoso ilaxon moustache turned white with delight, hut whon slio Buddouly flopped into the lap of '.a fat, bald-headed man, who hadn't expocted ."'such a treat, quel who jubilantly' and loudly callod out " Mamma thou the spirit-charmer thought it high time to exorcise her and turn the meter on. So she vanishoil with a whisk of her robos of dazzling white, and then, though tho gas was turned up, a groat vglooin sottled.dowii over the assemblage. As -folks filed onir, some ono remarked that wo . evidently didn't come there to see aunts, but to 'soo brothers 'and soo sisters, and it's won- \- derful how affoctionato long parted brothers . ami sisters can bo. Several .pillars of tlio .church " are liow ougnged in investigating . spiritualism vory closely, purely iii' tho iu- tores ts of soionoo. 