LES CLOCHES DE CORNEVILLE. A Most Successful Performance. The long looked for production of tho comic opera, ' Les Cloches de Corneville,' took place on Wednesday night at tho Acadomy of Music, and was, iu every res pect, an unqualified success. The hall was crowded, tho audience sympathetic and ap preciative, and from first to last there was not a hitch in the performance. The opora went well from the start, and certainly no audience ever rose with a more satisfied feel ing, or in better humor with themselves, Mian am mat oi -Ycmieauu.y. iuu was well chosen. It is humorous, bright, exceedingly tuneful, and above all, entirely free from vulgarity and situations that would be embarrassing for amateurs. The opera is of French origin, the music beiug by Planqucttc and the libretto by Clairville and Gabet. The English version of the libretto is by H. B. Farnie and E. Reece. The music is light, and included a great number of catching airs, principally in yalsc time. Although the music is not as difficult as in some operas, thcry is so much of it that the task of committing it to memory is no easy one. The libretto is also very exten sive, and tho principals have to take part in as much dialogue as is to be found in many comedies. The scene of the opera iu laid at a town on the coast of Normanby. Years previous to the opening of the opera, the Conite do Lucenay, attaiuted for political reasons, lied from France, leaving liis infant daughter and considerable personal property in the care of Gaspard, a retainer .ot the family. I Gaspard, who foresaw, (and foresaw rightly), | that the Comto might never return to claim : his own, brought up the child as his niece, under the name of Gcrmaino, and by hoard ing up the Comtc's treasure, had developed into a miser. Gaspard chose the rooms of the old chateau of Corncvillo, long since do sorted by its lord, also attainted tor treason and an exile from France, as the place in which to hoard his treasures. The grandson of the Marquis of Corncvillo is, however, alive, and as the interdict on the estates has been removed by the king, the villagers be lieve that some day lie will return. Me«¥i while the old chateau has an evil notoriety. It is haunted — mailed spectres stride along its corridors, and ghostly phantoms flit , across its lighted windows at night. But these spectres and phantoms are in reality the devices of the cunning Gaspard to . frighten away all intending tenants of the ? chateau. At the opening of tho opera a number of girls are on their way to the hiring fair. Amongst these is Serpolette, a waif picked up by Gaspard in one of liis fields, and now become liis maid of all work. She is a u forward minx,' and has thrown up Gaspard's protdfction to seek a better situation. Germaine has also fled from Gaspard's house and joined the fair, but from a very different motive. Gaspard had promised her hand in marriage to the village Bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, full of his own importance, and possessed of a strong desire to open the chateau and go in to the accounts. Germaine has promised her hand to a ne'er-do-well fisherman, Grenicheux, who she supposes saved her from drowning. But in reality it was the long-lost heir, the young Henri de Cornc villo, now captain of an armed ship, and who a year before had put ashore to revisit the home of his fathers, that was her deliverer. The young Marquis has again returned, this time to take possession of his ancestral castle, and he engages a number of servants at the fair, including Serpolette, Germaine, and Grenicheux, the latter having turned coachman. During the course of the ne gotiations at the fair, Germaine tells the Marquis the legend of the chateau, and that it is believed that the bells which have been silent for years will again ring out when the lost heir returns. The second act discloses the interior of the haunted chateau. The young lord, accompanied by his armed crew, break into the deserted rooms, and lay plans to surprise the adventurers, whom they sus pect to l)e the real ghost of the village tradi tion. Two discoveries bearing directly on the fortunes of the two hcroiues are here made by the Marquis. Firstly, that the girl whom he rescued from the sea is identi cal with Germaine, with whom he is capti vated, but who believes herself bound in honor to Grenicheux. Secondly, he discovers certain documents (hidden in the chateau by old Gaspard) referring to the flight of the Comte de Lucenay and the placing of his in fant daughter with the miserly steward. Serpolette immediately concludes that she is j the noble child in question, and thenceforth 1 assumes the rank of the Marchionesu dc Lucenay. The arrival of some one is here announced, and, leaving (Grenicheux hidden in a suit of mail to watch the intruder, the Marquis and his crew retire to the armoury. The old miser is the intruder. He works his phantoms, lights his candelabra, and wallows in his gold. Then comes a swift i ami awful retribution. The rusty bells toll i — a ghostly chant is heard — an array of 1 spectres (supposed to be all the dead lords of Corncville, but really the Marquis and his crew) appear, and advance on tho ap palled miser, who sinks terror stricken upon his gold. The last act is devoted to the un ravelling of the mystery attached to Ger* limine. This is done by piecing together the hints dropped in his ravings by old Gas pard, who, when he returns to sanity, ad mits that Gcrmaino is not his niece, but Luoieiino tic Lucenay. Germaine overhears a conversation between Grenicheux and the Marquis, by which she discovers that it is to the Marquis and not to Grenicheux that she owes her life, and that she is free to bestow her hand on him she really loves. Serpolette is undeceived as to her real posi tion, but at (iermaine's invitation goes with her as her girlhood's friend, and the be trothal of the Marquis and Germaine is heralded by the chimes of ' Les Cloches de Corneville.' It will be seen that the opera embraces a most comprehensive plot and a large number of situations which would tax the ability of ; professionals. Some idea of the merits of the performance will be gathered by those j u-lin wnni not. nwsent. when we sav tliafc ! from tho rising of the curtain to tho final chorus, no hesitancy of any kiuil was mani fest to the audience, nor was the prompter's voice ever heard. It was apparent that most diligent and exacting rehearsals had been undergone, and that each one taking part was competent to do her and his share of the work. The caste was as follows : — Serpolette, Mrs. T. W. Wood ; (Germaine, Miss Macarthur ; Manette, Miss Proctor; Jean netto, Mrs. Blight; Suzanne, Miss Cham bers ; Gertrude, Miss Robson ; Henri, Marquis de Corneville, Mr. 'Williams;' Father Gaspard, a miser, Mr. H. A. Jen nings; Grenicheux, a fisherman, Mr. J. L Tritton : The Bailie of Corneville, Mr. T. K. Hoare ; Gobo, his clerk, Mr. H. Hamil ton ; Christophe, a cabin boy, Master H. Stewart; Village Girls, Misses Taplin, Gordon, Marion Proctor, 10. Chambers, Jessie ami Lily Mackenzie ; Coachmen and Menscrvants, Messrs. Fynmoro, Gibbs, Proctor, Warden, Newman, Dawson and Daniel ; Sailors, Messrs. Brcyley, Briefly, aud Blanche. There were three acts, the first embracing three scenes. The best possible use was made of the limited stage accommodation, and the stage furniture, especially a suit of mail, added considerably to the effect of the production. The scenery in the second act, particularly two pictures of the dead lords of Corneville in armour, was well painted by Mr. Jennings, and was much admired. The dresses were exceedingly effective and appropriate. The village girls were attired in short striped skirts with variously colored velvet corselet bodices, filled in with white muslin, and white mus lin caps and aprons. Serpoletto also wore the Normanby peasant costume until she assumed the position of marchioness, when she appeared arrayed in French grey satin, richly trimmed with jewelled embroidery, with Watteau train of pink muslin, white fiat trimmed with feathers and pii\k roses, ({ermaine's costume throughout tho opera was also of Normanby pattern and consisted of a bright scarlet BRirt with band of black velvet, black velvet bodice, relieved w white muslin ; white cap and apron. Tho malo performers wero dressed in accordance i with their respective characters, no details i being wanting. In addition to having well chosen tho opera, tho management well disposud of tho characters. As Serpolette, Mrs Wood was as much at home as she has been in previous characters, and her representation of the part has added to her already high reputa tion. The character is not an easy one for an amateur to fill, but Mrs Wood met all the demands made bv it with remarkable success. Slie defied Gaspard and the Bailie, she kept Grenicheux in suspense, sho dis played alternately fear and bravado in the taunted castle, she posed as a line lauy, aim iinally as a disappointed one, all in the most latural and artistic manner. Her singing ivas excellent, and she did ample justice to the numerous pretty numbers that fall to the part. Sho was frequently and deservedly ?mcorcd for her solos, all of which she sang spiritedly and in harmony with the circum stances in which they were rendered. One of the best of her numbers was ' I may be Princess, 'in which she revealed her ambitious nature, but the number which received the most attention from the audience was ' Not a Ghost at All. 'This was sung in the cluUeau (after Serpolette, the Bailie, and Grenicheux had passed through a paroxysm of fear at the approach of supposed ghosts ami found out their mistake), the Bailie and Greni cheux joining in the refrain and all three in a frantic dance of delight. A most enthu siastic encore followed this number, which was certainly one of the gems of the evening. | The other heroine of the opera found a most eapablc exponent in Miss Macarthur, the part suiting her as if it had been written in her interests. From the moment she was greeted with applause on her entry, to the fall of the curtain, Miss Macarthur sustained the character well, and kept up the contrast between the heroines which it was evidently the intent of the writers should be main tained. Whilst representing Germaine as a modest and unassuming girl, Miss Macarthur invested the character with a quiet but firm dignity, and did not sacrifice any of her own rigiits. She was somewhat handicapped through the Marquis being a rather tardy lover, the hesitancy he displayed in embrac ing liis opportunities being regarded by many in the audience as amounting to cul pable negligence. Miss Macarthur was most successful, too, with her vocal num ? ? ol.o I. .i.l v..nonf. ill response to well-merited applause. Her principal successes were ' The Legend of the Bells, 44 From Pallid Cheek,' ' When he Bargains at a Fair,' 41 Love the Minstrel, thou,' and the duet with Grenicheux. The first of these was supported with the well known 14 Ding, Dong!' chorus, and was rendered in the most effective manner. Miss Macarthur had not before attempted to act a part, and her performance surprised even those who had previously entertained a very high opinion of her abilities. No one could have wished for a better representa tion of Gaspard than that given by Mr. Jennings. His make up was excellent, and his impersonation first-class throughout. Hitherto we have looked upon Mr. Jennings to furnish the comical element, but Wednes day night's performance revealed the fact that he is capable of more serious things. The part is a difficult one, but whether as the guardian of Germaine and master of Serpolette, the cunning miser, or the half mad dotard, he seemed perfectly at home in the character. His efforts were greatly ap preciated by the audiencc and were very warmly applauded. The scene in which the miser gloating over his gold is disturbed by the marquis and his men was acted in a way that would have done credit to any professional. In the ballad in* tho third act, 44 Oh! the brave days will come back,' which the now silly old man sings in a voice weakened by age and misfortune, he was most successful, and although the effort must have taxed him considerably, he had to submit to a very enthusiastic encore. As Grenicheux Mr. Tritton was well placed. The music was well suited to him, and he was in very good j voice. He acted his part very well, and in such a way as to assist those with whom he was concerting. His different makes-up suited him and the characters lie imper sonated, leaving nothing to be desired. In the solo, 44 On billow rocking,' in the duet with Germaine, and in the valsc song, 'That night I'll ne'er forget,' he was heard to great advantage. He rendered very material assistance in the kneeling trio with Serpolette and the Bailee iu the haunted chamber, and in supporting the heroine in the song of bravado and the dance that followed he threw an amount of activity into his move ments that assisted greatly in the success of the number. No one more suited to fill the part of Bailie than Mr. Hoare could have been found. Attired in all the habiliments of pomposity, and crowned with a flowing wig, lie acted the part throughout as to the manner born. His part iu the performance was a most impor tant one, and he did it ample justice. A great deal of the libretto fell to him, and he was very successful in finding the right amount of emphasis and of gesture, while his enunciation was most distinct. From a vocal point of view, it is suflicient to say that he was as successful as ever, ami that he sang up to his reputation. His solo parts were short, but he had a good many of them, ami had to take part in a great many of the concerted pieces. He gave an excel lent rendering of the buffo song, 44 Oh, This is Fun!' which he had to repeat. Mr. Hoare's performance must be put down as most meritorious, and it greatly contributed to tho success of the opera. As Gobo, the Bailie's clerk, Mr. Harry Hamilton was quito at home. He supported his principal most capably and loyally. Together with the Bailie, he had to sustain a very lar^e pro portion of tho libretto, aud he did his part in the most efficient, prompt, and humorous way. He conducted the hiring fair as the Bailie's representative, and otherwise filled the part so as to make it laughable and funny without turning it into a farce. Al though there was always something humor ous going oil when he was on the stage, he so contrived to do his work that the attention of the audience was not directed away from the central figure. Certainly no small share of the credit for the success of the piece is due to Gobo. Mr ' Williams ' made a dignified, manly, and courageous Marquis. Unfortunately he had been com pelled to forego some of the rehearsals and consequently he was not quite so per fect as the other principals, but he wisely omitted a portion of his part and learned the remainder well, rather than give an imperfect representation of it all. His make-up was very good and becom ing, and he did full justice ' to the libretto that fell to his share. 1 He gave a very appropriate and dig nified interpretation of the heir of the family in the song 44 Oh ! sec their good brands notched in battle,' for which ho was rewarded with a well-deserved encore. The minor parts of Manette, Jeannette, Suzanne, Gertrude, and Christophe, were all well sustained, and to their capable representa tion is greatly duo tho smoothness that characterised the whole performance. The choruses were exceedingly well rendered, and it was evident that much attention had been paid to detail at the rehearsals. Many of them were made more effective by accompanying danecs, which were executed very gracefully. The most successful choruses were the opening one at the fair, tho 44 Ding Dong' chorus to the Legend song of Germaine, 44 Just look at that, and look at this,' and the chorus to the cider song. Perhaps the best chorus of the evening was that to the Marquis' song in the chateau, 44 Silent heroes from out the mighty past,' which was sung with feeling and sympathetic expression. The members of the chorus appeared quite at ease on the stage, and there was none of that stiffness which too often characterises amateurs. Not tho least arduous part of the work fell to Mrs. Cherry, who presided at the piano, ami who, by her unremitting attention to her part, gave the performei-s that invaluable assist anec whieli is derived from a capable accrtm panist. Although the best possible use was mado of the piano, it was hardly strong enough for the voices, and if anything waa wanting to make tho production more perfect, t han it was, it was an orchestra. So much for tho performers, but what shall wo say of thoso who, as it wore, ire behind tho scenes, . but aro tho moving spirits of tho whole affair. The performers receive a measure of reward for their efforts in the plaudits of the audience, but thoso that bear a very largo part of tho 44 heat and burden of tho day' nave to derive their reward from a conscious ness of work well done. Wednesday night's production was abundant proof that tho musical director, Mrs. Cherry, the prompter, Mrs. Proctor, and tho stage manager, Mr. Jennings, had each worked long and hard; and that they are all deserving of the greatest credit no one who witnessed the performance will deny. What time must have boon taken up, and what patience exercised before the players arrived at tho state of proficiency displayed on Wednesday night can only be imagined. The perfection oi voice, oi step, ami oi gesture tuav wus presented to the audience could not have been obtained but by indefatigable exertion and attention to tho drudgery of duty. Good material in the hands of good workmen became the successful exponents of the beautiful opera, and the measure of credit that is due to the workmen, and to their perseverance and energy, should not be over looked. They have the satisfaction of knowing that the performance of Wednesday is admittedly the best amateur performance ever attempted in Hay, that they have merited the thanks and approbation of their fellow townspeople, and that they have established a record that it will be extremely difficult for any other amateur combination to approach. The opera will lie repeated to night, when another bumper house is expected. 