THE STORYTELLER Wolfenberg. By William Black;. Author of 'Sunrise,' ' The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton,' ' Green Pastures,' and ' Piccadilly,' and other popular novels. Chaptee XVII.— A MISSION ACCOMPLISHED. There is a story told of a Scotch minister who had married a remarkably ill- favoured wife, and who (perhaps to excuse himself before the people) was much given to vaunting her spiritual graces and excellences. ' She is all glorious within,' ho remarked on one occasion to a neighbour. 'Man, Jamie, replied trie too-iamiliar mend, ' it's a sair peety ye canna fiipe her ' — to flipe, in Scotland, meaning to turn a stocking inside out. And, if at times we were tempted to say some thing of the same sort of our perfervid poetess, our peerless Sappho — the splendour of whose soul found no fit exponent in her rather dowdy figure and lethargic features — there were other times in which she did her very best to appear cheerful, and sympathetic, and kind ; and then we forgave her everything. On this particular morning, as we were labouring onwards through the brilliant and swift-glancing waters of the Black Sea, Sappho seemed pre-eminently amiable of mood. 'How good-natured those sailors are,' she said, as she came up to Lady Cameron and the Major. 'I suppose it is the monotony of their lives makes them so fond of pets. Fancy their being before me even at this early hour ; they have taken Phaon out of his crate ; and I have no doubt thoy have carried him off to give him a share of their breikfa«t.' 'It is a good thing Phaon is not a parrot,' observed Lady Cameron, demurely, ' if they have taken him away into the forecastle.' At this, Sappho looked a little alarmed. ' Yes,' said she, 'I bad not thought of that. Their manners may be rather rough.' She turned to the quarf-ormHster, who was arranging the deck chairs. ' Quartermaster,' she said, ''would you be so kind us to go and fetch me my little dog ? The men must Lave taken him below.' ' Very well, madam,' was the civil reply ; and away the quartermaster went. He was gone for a considerable time. 'When he returned, the news he brought with him was sufficient to paralyse the boldest : nothing could be seen or heard anywhere of the missing Phaon, while it was absolutely certain he had not been taken below by the sailors. Sappho did not com prehend. She stared at the man in a stunned, bewildered fashion. ' Not in the ship ? What do you mean ?' i^he cried, in a gasping sort of way. ' I don't under stand you. He must be in this ship ! — I Paw him myself Ia6t night as late as 1 1 o'clock — I know he was not left ashore, for I brought him on board myself — he was safe in that crate — I saw him — I saw him myself ? ' ' It seems incredible that he should have jumped over the side during the night,' ob served the Major, regarding her calmiy ; ' and yet how otherwise can one account for his dis appearance? No one could be fo inhuman as to pitch him overboard. It is true he has been rather snappy with 6ome of the passengers ; and I may say he bit myself yesterday morning ; but that is nothing — nothing at all — a mere trifle ? ' She turned from him impatiently, and addressed herself again to the quartermaster. ' Come and show me where you have looked — an instant search must be made — where is the butcher? — you must bring him before the purser — before the captain — there must not be a moment's delay ? ' And therewith she dragged the man away with her — to arouse and scour the startled ship. When we next saw Sappho, a marvellous change had come over her. There was nolhirg left of the amiability of the morning ; the had h.1bo passed out of that mood of blank consterna tion with which she had at first heard the news ; she hud become a tempestuous fury, with malig nant hatred sparkling in her eyes and vibrating in her voice. 'Now I see — now I understand,' she said to Lady Cameron — and, fortunately, the Major had gone away — ' it is that fiend, that incarnate fiend, who has done it ; I know it ; I am convinced of it ; and yet he had the hardihood to stare me in the face and say lhat no one could be go inhuman ns to throw my pnor little Phaon overboard ! Aud I suppose he thinks the same monstrous effrontery will carry him through now ? The darkness of the night covered the scoundrelly, and treaeherouu, and murderous deed ; and, therefore, he is to escape ? But he shall not ! ' Miss Penguin went on, with a vehemence of passion that was terrible to see. ' He t-hall not escape ! He may try to brazen it out with denials ; he may call for proofs, for witnesses ; and, of course, I have no proofs, and no witnesses. But what will he say when he receives a slap in the face ? A nlap in the face ; yes, and from a man who can fight, too — from .Anton Ruhe— I will appeal to my friend Anton Ruhe ? ' 'Oh, Miss Penguin!' Peggy exclaimed, in gentle deprecation. This Anton Ruhe w« all of us knew as a fire-eating revolutionary (in the monthly magazines, chiefly), and what might he not do if called upon to avenge a wronged and in pulled dawspl ? '? Do you think it is fair to accuse any one without evidence? And is it so very NHi- intiB, after nil ? Supposing1 — just supposing ' — i«he went on (for she had a distinct recollection of seeing a suspicious figure t-kulk across the moonlit deck on the preceding night) — 'supposing some one bad been bitten by the dog, or had a dislike to it ; and supposing that person, whoever he is, really did throw Phaon overboard, just as the ship was starting last night, it was hard- hearted enough, no doubt ; but, all the same, not much harm could have been done, for Phaon would simply swim ashore ; and he may live many, many years in Russia, in pei feet happiness ? ' 'No,' said Sappho, with a certain dignity; ' I cannot cheat my mind by considering impossi bilities. Phaon was — was rather stout ; he never could reach the shore. He has been cruelly murdered, and I know by whom. And knowing who the coward is, do you think I will let him escape ? I tell you my vengeance will reach him, in spite of all the oaths and perjuries he may bring to blacken his face with. A slap on the cheek ! He wears her Majesty's uniform : how will he take a slap on the cheek ? Anton Ruhe will come when I call him ; and then we will see how denials and subterfuges will serve that base and brutal murderer. My poor Phaon ! — my poor Phaon!— — ' And here she turned aside, fur tively pulling out her handkerchief ; and we also ; withdrew, for sorrow is sacred ; but it was Lady ' Cameron who went and sought out the Major, and ? told him that, if he really had been guilty of this | atrocious and abominable crime, he would hear ! more about it as soon as he reached England. The Major looked at her — looked steadfastly at j her eyes, but did not commit himself to speech. ? There were no land-features to attract attention I during this blazing and basking day ; we had i nothing around us save the tumultuous tossing and heaving of the. blue-black waves, with, a blinding shimmer of diamonds away towards the | sun. Accordingly, our good Orotanians settled themselves down to their usual occupations — chess, ] cribbage, letter- writing, reading, and conversation j in quiet corners : and the time went by pleasantly enough until Peggy appeared once more upon the scene. j ' What has become of Emily?' she demanded. \ ' I haven't caught a glimpse of her all the morn- j ing. Surely, he can't have thrown her over- i board?' j 'Well, when one came to think of it, the Baby j had not been visible since breakfast. ' She may have been invited into the chart- I house,' one ventured to suggest. ' We shall be j going through the Bosphorus again to-morrow, and the younger officers are always very civil.' ' Where is Mr. Verrinder r' she said, looking j round sharply. ; There was no Mr. Verrinder. No, nor was ' Ernest Wolfenberg anywhere to be seen. Had . this diabolical Major been dealing death and ' destruction all the way round \ At all events, we formed a search-party — it was somtthipg- to pass I the time withal — and proceeded to explore the | ship. When we curoo upon the truant*, they : formed a very engaging1 group. We found them ; in the fore-saloon — a section of the vessel rarely | occupied during the day, except, perhaps, by a I chance lady's-maid engage! in needlework ; and j they were up at the further end, under the broad i fi-lare of the skylights. Wolfenberg was at work | on the portrait-picture : his model sat some little ! distance off ; and close to her, and face to face | with her, was young Verrinder. So far as we ! could make out, Wolfenberg was not listening ; 1 his absent eyes were fixed on the upright board ! before him. as though he were intent on reading ; suggestions into the outlines there ; so that the ; young folk were left to entertain each other, and ! were apparently doing so, very much to their i mutual satisfaction. And the subject? Round ! the Baby's head, and falling upon her shoulders, : were some folds of silken gauze — black, with here and there a white star. Was she personating the ; Dawn, then — the shadows of night still hanging over her yet, with the smile of the new day light ing up her face. For clearly this was no sombre theme. We could imagine Julian Verrinder's i having begged and prayed that the picture should . be as much a portrait as possible ; perhaps he had : humbly entreated for some little cheerfulness also : ; perhaps the artist had good-naturedly assented : , perhaps he had even said to the young man, ; «- Very well, you sit and talk to her : amuse her : the more animation in her face the better.' So '? here were Ferdinand and Miranda, entirely ? wrapped up in themselves, eyes answering eyes, smiles answering smiles : while the solitary magician, busy with his spells and dreams, was i as gooq as a thousand miles away. It was a very chai'ming group, viewed from th-- j dim twilight of this corridor ; but it did not at all ; soem to please Lady Cameron, ; ? — — - ' Really,' said she, ' it is most inconsiderate of . ' Mr. Verriuder to interfere. How can Mr. Wol fenberg get on with his work if she is kept laugh ing and chattering ? Her face is naturally calm and serious. And she is too amiable to resent his intrusion.' ' She certainly does not seem to resent it,' ob served Mrs. Threepenny-bit, gravely. ' Besides, I don't like the notion of his becom ing possessed of that picture,' she proceeded, with unwonted displeasure marking her tone. ' It is not right. His having it might lead to quite ridiculous conjectures on the part of a stranger ; and Emily does not understand such things ; she is easily led ; she will do anything to be obliging ; j and it does not occur to her that it is an imperti nence on Mr. Verrinder's part to ask her for her portrait, for that is what it comes to. I don't like it at all ? ' At this moment Wolfenberg rose and stepped \ back a yard or two to regard his work ; then he returned to the table, and laid down his palette — the model was to have a few seconds' rest. And, thereupon, Lady Cameron and her companions made bold to enter the saloon. ' I hope we have not interrupted you,' said she, going forward to Wolfenberg, but taking scrupulous care not to overlook the sketch. ' Did you hear us talking in the corridor ? No ? I'm afraid you'll find Emily a bad sitter ; she ought not to be laughing and chatting when you are studying her face ? ' ' 'Oh, but I am responsible for that, Lady Cameron,' said young Verrinder, blushine furi- ? ously. 'And — and it was with Mr. Wolfen- j berg's permission. You don't suppose I would do i anything to endanger the likeness ; it is a matter j (QmtWWd, on page QM.J ! ' The two women wore standing by the rail, talking in an unJeitone. But there now apju-oaclic.l them a creature all in white, or perhaps in pale yellow and white ; she was dressed for dinner and bare-headed : she swung her handkerchief to and fro : she was singing to herself, and that in a careless fashion— » Afar from her his heart is breaking ' — and we recognised the familiar ' Troika ' air.' of too great moment — of course I don't mean the likeness,' he -werit on, stammering and blunder ing, .*« but the picture— Mr. Wolfenberg said I might come and sit and talk — he rather wished her to have a cheerful expression— he said I mi^ht come find talk to her ? ' ' The fact is,' Wolfenberg- interposed, in his equable and kindly fashion, '? it was a pure piece of business on my part. I wanted your sister to look interested ; and I ought myself to have tried to talk to her ; but I thought a simpler way would be to get Mr. Verrinder to come and chat with her. It is so easy for two young1 people to amuse each other ; while an old fogey has to labour at it— until his model is like to fall asleep.' He took up his palette again. 'No, you need not go — if you care to stay,' he said. ' I want to have Miss Emily forget that I am looking at her ; it does not matter how many are talking to her. But it was clear that our presence was embar rasBing to those two young: people who had been thus unexpectedly caught. The poor Baby was no longer smiling with the smile of the dawn, under the soft folds of the departing night ; self conscious colour was in her face ; her great eyes were timid and confused. Julian Verrinder, too, had been struck dumb ; his anxious schemes for the success of this treasure of a picture bad been set at naught ; it was we who were the intruders. And so we' came away again, leaving Ferdinand and Miranda to entertain each other in their sea bound cave, while the arch-magician (who had perhaps planned this little arrangement out of mere sympathy and kindness of heart) would no doubt return to his incantations and spells, and that so as not to interfere too much with their pretty occupation. Now this withdrawal of Wolfenberg from his customary haunts afforded Mrs. Threepenny-bit some measure of unlooked-for relief ; it was an excuse for her postponing the fulfilment of tbe onerous task that had been placed upon her. And there is no doubt the small woman shrank from that with an ever-increasing apprehension, despite her professions of confidence in Wolf enberg's firm ness and fortitude and unselfish courage. 'After all, Peggy,' she said, 'however he may take it, it is something to have the plans for one's lifetime suddenly shattered, and just as he seemed' to be looking forward to long years of sympathy and affection and close companionship. And if it was a delusion to think that such a bond could be made secure and permanent, it was she who led him into the delusion : who could have spoken about it with greater enthusiasm than herself? And whyshonld I have to go and tell him that all these dreams were a mockery — that she has thrown him over, abandoned her career, forgotten all her fine ambitions, simply because of the mysterious charm of a young Russian's blue grey eyes P ? I suppose what she has done is only natural — it is like a woman ? ' ' It is not like a woman at all !' said Peggy, with some warmth. ' It is the action of a spoilt, heartless, thoughtless coquette. The only fine thing about it is the very magnificence of her selfishness and . unconcern ; I dare say she will take it quite as a matter of course that he should congratulate her, that he should be well content, and even delighted at being allowed to look on at her happiness ? ' She stopped. By this time the evening had drawn on ; there was a full moon, of a dull saffron hue, in the south-east ; and across the hipping waters shone a curious golden-green radiance, broken everywhere by the sharp shadows of the waves. The two women were standing by the rail, talking in an undertone. But there now approached them a creature all in white, or perhaps in pale yellow and white ; she was dressed for - dinner -and- bareheaded ;- she swung her handkerchief to and fro ; she was singing to herself, and that in a careless fashion — Afar from her his heart is breaking — and we recognised the familiar ' Troika ' air. But when she came up she said, cheerfully enough : ' Has any one seen anything of Mr. Wolfen berg ? I hear he has been at work all day ; but he can't be painting now. Ah, well, he will turn up at dinner-time, anyhow.' And off she went again, through the mysterious twilight, like some large phantasmal white moth. Mrs. Threepenny-bit looked after her. 'I wish she would go and find him,' she said, bitterly, ' and take him the story of her broken faith herself ! ' 'Oh, Missis, she could hardly do that ! ' Peggy exclaimed. ' A girl is always shy about her en gagement — about the first one, any way ; and however case- hardened and confident Amelie Dtunaresq may be — still, the relations between her and Wolfenberg have been peculiar' ? ' ' But why should I be dragged in ! ' the elder woman again protested, almost with indignation. ' I am an outsider. Why should I be asked to undertake a duty that may be painful beyond words ? - It iin*t fair-—-' ' ' You are Wolfenberg's friend,' Peggy eaid, persuasively. *' The mother, who ought to tell him, is nervous and afraid ; she has appealed to you ; and I don't see anybody who could break the newe to him with equal tact and delicacy. So you've got to do it, Missis ; and Wolfenberg him self will be grateful to you. I am certain.' But stall she hesitated, dreading, she hardly knew what. After dinner that evening, these two were again on deck. The moon was higher and clearer now ; and the light on the water was of a brilliant silver, splintering itself on the jagged edge of the waves. Of course on such an exquisite evening no human creature could think of remaining in the saloon ; so that there were more people walking about than usual; never theless there still remained a corner where one could talk in quiet. ' Did you hear what the Dumaresqe propose to do P' said Mrs. Threepenny-hit, eagerly, to her friend. 'They mean to go with the indefatigableB this time — that is, to-morrow afternoon, as soon as we reach Moudanieh ; there is to be a general stampede ashore, and hiring of carriages, and driving away inland to Broussa, to pass the night there, and have the whole of the next day for the bazaars. At least, I gather that is what the Dumareeq6 have in view ; I should not wonder if Amelie wanted a lot of silks and stuffs from Asia Minor to form part of her trousseau. Now, do you see this, Peggy : if we decide to remain on board to-morrow afternoon — driving out lo Broussa the next morning — I am quite certain that Mr. Wolfenberg will prefer to 6tey with us ; and then, the ship being practically empty, ourselves all by ourselves, wouldn't that be a safe opportunity to convey that message to him, without fear of interruption? Don't you think, Peggy, I ought to wait till to-morrow evening ? Mrs. Dumaresq has left it to my own discretion ; and, of course. I want to make sure that there will be no onlooker — no stranger — coming about.' Well, Pegsry agreed ; she had not the heart to grudge this respite to her friend, who seemed singularly anxious ; so that the evil hour was again put off until the following evening, when we should find ourselves in solitary occupation of the ship. Early next morning we encountered a bit of a rough-and-tumble down towards the south western limits of the Black Sea ; but by and by a change to smoother water told us we had entered the Bosphorus ; and eventually all motion ceased — the screw no longer throbbed — we were in a strange and unaccountable stillness. Dressing was hurried over ; we got upon deck ; and then the explanation was obvious — we were waiting for permission to pass ; in other words, the doctor and purser had gone ashore for pratique. Opposite us were the frowning batteries of Kavak — massive forts and bastions bristling with cannon ; while through the silence of the morning rang the shrill and melancholy bugle call of the Turkish soldiers. And, after all, our period of detention was not unreasonably long; the purser and doctor returned to the ehip ; and presently we had resumed our route, making away down the narrow Slraits that separate the European and Asian worlds. And here was the timid and blushing Baby coming up to Wolfenberg with a startling pro \- posal. ' Mr. Wolfenberg,' said she, and there was a kind of abashed appeal and hesitation in the large and soft and winning eyes, ' if you would rather go on with the picture, you must tell me frankly. I — I hope you will study your own convenience — that is, any time you wish I will go along to the fore- saloon — now, if you like ? ' He looked at her — in no unkindly fashion. Well he knew who had put this suggestion, into her young mind. ' No, no,' said he, 'I could not accept such a piece of self-sacrifice. Don't you know that the shores of the Bosphorus are extraordinarily beautiful, and as interesting as they are beautiful ; and yet you would go away down below, and sit constrained, and see nothing of what was going by ? Tell Mr. Verrinder not to be so impatient — so impetuous.' It was a random shaft, and not meant to wound ; but it struck home all the same, and the Baby re tired in sad confusion. Her sister, on the other hand, seemed a little incensed by this proposal ' Mr. Verrinder ?' she said to Wolfenberg. ' Do you think it was he who prompted Emily to come to you just now and make that offer? Really, I think he is going too far ! What right has he to interfere at alTr' ' Young men are naturally impatient,' Wolfen berg said. 'Young men are naturally impertinent !' she made answer. ' But I will warn Emily. She must keep him at a proper distance. The idea of his going secretly to her and suggesting that you should be asked to shut yourself up at one of the most interesting parts of the voyage ! You 6ee, Emily is so simple a kind of creature, so innocent of anything like concealment or secrecy, she does not understand that these confidences are really compromising. Why should he go to her instead of coming straight to you? I like the young fellow very well ; he is frank and modest, good looking and well-mannered, pleasant enough in every way ; but I must see he does not presume on Emily's ignorance of the world. She must keep him in his place. And I hope, Mr. Wolfenberg1, that, if he does become possessed of that picture, it will be so clearly an allegorical subject that no one could possibly mistake it for a portrait of Emily — it would be too absurd for him to have that.' And so, after all, tbe ingenuous mind of the Baby was not deprived of. its series of brilliant object lessons. The varied and beautiful panorama passed gradually before her eyes — wood-crowned heights, ruddy of soil, with dark green foliage ; then white and pink villages stretching. along the shore and scattered here and there on theTiill- sides ; deeply indented bays, with English yachts and every kind of foreign craft lying at anchor : ancient walls and fortifications, with tall Genoese towers ; and now and again a spacious palace, a lordly pleasure-house, shining in white splendour amidst overhanging and luxurious gardens. As we steamed slowly by the quays of Tophane and came once more in sight of the Golden Horn, a slight morning haze still hung over the great city, over the crowded domes and minarets, and over the grey mosques and black cypresses of Stamboul. The sun was hot ; the still water shimmered in the light ; this was altogether more like the Constantinople of pictorial tradition ; and this was th.3 vision, vast and imposing, that stealthily and imperceptibly receded from us as we again got underway, making for the wider spaces of the Sea of Marmora, and the distant shores of Asia Minor. . It was a dreamlike kind of day. Now and again we passed a motionless ship, its yellow sails _ reflected vividly on the glassy plain : but for the most part we seemed to be gliding into a voiceless and mysterious ocean, with nothing but a film of land along the southern horizon visible through the haze of heat. And then, towards the after noon, as we were crossing the Gulf of Moudanieh, the ghost of a mountain appeared, far away in land and towering above the hills nearer the coast : this vague phantom of a thing1 was the Bithynian Mount Olympus. The hind drew nearer ; we be gan to make out colours. Then more particular features : green slopes of olive and mulberry coming down to the shore ; a scattered little red roofed village, with two or three white minarets ; a rude wooden pier jutting out from the line of breaking surf . finally came the sudden roar of the anchor-chain ; and we were now lying off Moudanieh. the Greek village which serves as port to Ihe once famous Broussa. It all fell out as Mrs. Threepenny-bit had pre dicted. The Dumaresqs and their Russian friend went away with the busy folk who had. resolved on at once setting out for Broussa ; and Wolfen berg, who had not been. consulted about this arrangement, nor even pressed to join, seemed to prefer remaining on board, especially when he found he was to have some small measure of company. Practically, we had the whole ship to ourselves ; and again and again, on this still and beautiful evening — a full moon was shining over the distant village and over, the olive-crowned slopes, while not a sound broke the slumbering silence — again and again the unwilling and anxious intermediary had an opportunity of ful filling her mission ; and just as often her courage failed her. ? Nay, it wae not until we were assembled in the saloon at dinner — the two or three of us — that she found sufficient nerve ; she seemed to want help ; she would treat this thing as an ordinary piece of news — though under a pledge of secrecy. ' Oh, Mr. Wolfenberg,' said she, with a smile — a ghastly smile, when one knew that her heart was throbbing like to suffocate her — 'I have something to tell you — and yet I suppose you may have guessed — but a girl does not like to speak of such things — and — and so I have been asked to let you know ; it is about Amelie. He said nothing ; he only regarded her. Then she hurried on breathlessly : ' It is quite settled between her and Mr. Hitrovo : she has accepted him.' No one dared to look his way. If there was any quick quiver of the eyes, any sudden paleness of the lips at this abrupt confirmation of what he must have for some tune back suspected, it wa6 unseen. And when he spoke, after a second of constrained silence, it was with a studied and perfect calmness that showed an admirable forti tude and self-command. ' It is quite settled, then?' he asked, in rather a low voice. ' Yes,' she answered : but then she was driven to add in a desperate kind of way : 'Of course, who can tell what may happen ? — who can tell ? It is settled, I understand — yes, at present — but she might see fit to change her mind : and she has strength of character enough to carry out any decision ? ' 'If Amelie Dumarefq marries,' he said, slowly, 'the world will have lost a great artist.' Not a word about himself, nor about the wreck age of all the fine and wirtiul schemes he and she had planned together. Perhaps he had not had time to realise that as yet. It was of her alone he was thinking. ' And it may be she is right ; it may be that is the true way,' he said, absently. ' But what a responsibility the man undertakes. In her case disappointment would mean destruction ; and to destroy a life like hers, so full of splendid capaci ties, so passionately eager, so hopeful, and ardent, and overbrimming with the joy of existence — no, it is not to be thought of, or spoken of,' he said again. ' Amelie was born to be happy. Happi ness appears to surround her ; she seems to breathe it as the very atmosphere in which she lives. Well, well : good-bye to the famous artist — now we have to look forward to the happy wife.' All this was very brave — and reassuring, in deed ; there was not a trace or symptom of any inward anguish ; his idle schemes and dreams might go — what were they as compared with the pulsating hopes and desires of a rich young life ? Only we noticed that he did not come up on deck after dinner, as was his wont. He remained below in the saloon, his face in shadow, an unopened book in his hand, his fingers clenched round it. And it is to be imagined that none of us were anxious to break in upon this dark hour of retro spect, and renunciation, and forecast. (To be continued.) 