The Black Dingo of Weeri Yeela. BY MARY HANNAY FOOTT. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER V. Next morning Mr. Macpherson sent for Will Hanson and told him that, as Jenkins the bullock driver was going to meet the drays from Bourke with the station team and bring on some of the things so that the shearers might lose no more time waiting, a tent would be pitched near Jenkins's camp for Will, and that he was to stay there at night till the team returned. Mrs. Jenkins had received such a fright at hearing of little Lily's narrow escape from either drowning or the dingo that she had asked to have Will sent to stay close by until her husband should be at home again. Will was glad to be of use in making Mrs. Jenkins feel safe, and he found her a very kind nice woman, tidy, cheerful, and anxious to repay him for what he had done for her little girl. She used to go into Will's tent when he had left it for the day and put everything in it to rights. Then she would take away any of his clothes which might want washing or mending and bring them back before his return all clean and in good repair. And in the evening she would have something nice for supper—biscuits, cake, some eggs roasted in the ashes, a pannikin of hot milk or one of hop beer—although Will had already had a good supper at the kitchen. Mrs. Jenkins said that one supper was not enough for a growing boy, and that it was no trouble to her. In the morn ing Will always lit the fire before he went off to the creek to bathe, and when he returned Mrs. Jenkins gave him some tea and a slice of cake. Then he set out to have a look at Traveller, one of the bullocks, which had got a stake in his foot and had to be left behind when Jenkins went away with the team. A young half-broken bullock had to be put in Traveller's place for the journey. Traveller was one of the best bullocks in the team, a fine big red fellow, with a curious white patch on the near ribs like a T turned upside down, and Jenkins set great store by him and had asked Will to keep his eye on him and see to the wounded foot while he him self was away on the road. So Will used to be up before sunrise so as to make sure of seeing Traveller first thing each day, for the old fellow generally camped at night not far from the Jenkinses' tent, and then set off on a walkabout after daylight. Will had plenty of time to find him, look at the staked foot, and dress it if required, before the cook rang his bell for the kitchen breakfast. One evening when Will had been camped with the Jenkinses for about a week he was seated playing the concertina for Lily and her mother by the fire in front of their tent. The moon had set and the stars were almost hidden by dark rainy-looking clouds. The only light in the little open space where they sat was that of the fire, which had now burned down to a mass of red coals. As Will played he suddenly heard his little dog Dick, which lay at his feet, begin to growl. In another instant a huge dark shape came dimly into view on the other side of the fire. It was a bullock, Will soon saw, and from its limping gait he knew it must be Traveller. Certainly Traveller was very quiet, but still he was not in the habit of making one in the group around the camp fire, and Will wondered what could have brought him there. Looking past the shadowy bulk towards the scrub beyond he soon discovered the cause. A pair of savage- looking eyes, like twin green stars— flaming, glaring, horrible — were watching from the edge of the saltbush close by. Will rose and threw some light wood on the fire. It flared up, and the cruel eyes disappeared from view. Mrs. Jenkins had not seen them, nor Lily, and Will said nothing of what he had observed, as he did not wish to frighten them. Traveller made himself very much at home by lying down in the heap of ashes on the further side of the fire. He was evidently aware that an enemy was waiting not far off. And Dick, though he had ceased to growl, lay with his eyes wide open and his ears erect, as if on the watch. Will before he went away to his tent for the night made up the fire so that it should last till morning, and several times in the night he rose and walked round the camp to make sure that all was safe. About midnight there was a slight shower of rain, and an hour or so afterwards Traveller rose from the ashes and came and stood close to the door of Will's tent. Just as he did so little Dick dashed forward into the darkness beyond the small fire-lit space. Something rushed ahead of him through the saltbush and he returned panting and excited, growling as he came but never breaking into a bark. At gray dawn Will again walked round the camp and turned Traveller out into the cold world beyond. When he had escorted the old fellow to a grassy patch some little distance off and was returning, the light was pretty clear. The ground was damp from the midnight shower and on its surface all around the camp there lay, plain to be seen, the deep-imprinted track of a huge dingo's long-nailed feet—the wolf-like track, as Will now knew, of the black dingo of Weeri Yeela. As soon as Mr. Macpherson was to be seen that morning Will told him what had happened and asked that Joe, Kenny's man, might be allowed to share his tent at the Jenkinses' camp that night, and, if necessary, stay there after wards instead of him until the bullock-driver's return. "Once I catch sight of the dingo again by daylight, sir," said Will, "or have a fresh track to follow, I want to be able to stick to him once for all!" "Better start to-day," said Mr. Macpherson. "You say the tracks are plain, but I doubt whether you could follow them once you left the open ground. I will have your horse brought up and send Wanella, the half-caste boy, with you. Get your blankets and some rations ready. My own idea is that the brute has his camp either on one of the islands in Marshy Creek or up in some cave in the big red cliff that we have never found yet." In an hour's time Will was mounted on Whittington, with his swag strapped to the saddle and his quart pot dangling alongside, and was running the dingo's track from Jenkins's camp across the Box Flat and up towards the ranges where lay the big red cliff with its caves. Wanella rode beside him, a smart little half- caste about twelve years old, who had already informed Will that he would be "whitefellow, by-and-by, baal blackfellow," and was full of contempt for the superstitious fears which would have made any of his black kinsmen shrink from pursuing the dreaded black dingo amid the caves of the cliff, haunted, as they believed, by "Gheebur"—ghosts of dead and gone blacks. Dick the fox-terrier was, much against his will, forbidden to share the expedi tion, and was left lamenting at the Jenkinses' camp tied up to one of the tent pegs with a couple of saddle straps buckled together. It was slow work running the tracks, and Will found that, as Mr. Macpherson had thought, he could never have done it by him self. Wanella, however, although so young, was one of the best trackers on Weeri Yeela, and with his help by the time the sun was setting the dingo was so far tracked to his lair that it had become quite certain that his retreat was not in the Marshy Creek islands but somewhere on the big red cliff. At sunset the two boys camped at the foot of the cliff, hobbled out their horses, lit a fire, and had supper. After supper Will found to his surprise that Wanella had brought out the con certina. He had turned back and got it from Will's tent and had put it in his own swag. He now produced it with a grin of proud delight, lit his pipe, and sat down to enjoy the music which he evidently felt sure that Will would not refuse to furnish. In this expectation he was not disappointed. Will began to play merry tunes, then sad, then the airs of some old songs. The fire burned low, and again, as on the previous night, the sky was overcast. The moon, near setting, gave scarcely any light, and the stars had no power. Towards the plains beneath all was gray-green in the dying light. Towards the ranges all was dark and grim, for the great cliff shut out the sky. Suddenly in the deepening gloom of the uplands there glowed two points of lurid fire. Wanella shuddered, and his teeth began to chatter, and even Will himself felt a cold creeping, for the moment, down his back and a rising at the roots of his hair. For the evil-looking balls of fire that con fronted them as they gazed were, as they knew, the cruel eyes of the terrible black dingo. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 