MR ROBERT HARPER'S VIEWS. SOME INTERESTING AND PLAIN SPEAKING, A FEW WORDS TO THE "REMNANT." Mr Itobort Htroor. tho nowly-returnou meinbor to tho troubles and worries of Hip Legislative Assembly, is fnund in his hall of cotnmurco with only a few minutes to spare, but these are nt the sorvice of tho reporter. What can 1 do for yuu ? asks tho roonibor for East Bourko, as hu pre pares fur a cross-examination. Enable us tu say how you view tho political situation, wo reply. What do you cull tho political situation? Can vou define what the position is youreolf ? It is so peculiar, you know, that ono must havo it indicated. Then, how do you riow tho situation in its moat peouliar state, Air Ilarpor ? I view it as a position which is very aurinus. Thu situation of tho Govern- tsont, I considor, is absolutely un constitutional, 1 had not timo to look up tho different authorities this morning, but speaking from memory I think the difficulty thu present po-called Govern ment finds itself in 18 ENTIRELY UNPRECEDENTED. There hsvu bvon esses before' where 'tho liosd of thu Govarnmunt has died, aud tho Guvornment has boon carried jon with a strong back, but I do not think an instance can bo found whon not onlv thu Premier ia to leyo but the Council Miopia ere 9 resign, »&4 only the rag- Syt and bobtail will be left. I should i" ' 7- HV Hut', for there era cle- cidod' oxcT" «ufh » <Je«oripUon I itll r.l; it . w >">IW left. P»r- li.ment .M proroeT/1"" " » fuT Sove"Cn?eno' ment practically la loft. A psted this trouble myself, am ' in all due to tbd fact that before the Appropriation Bill, the House failed to obtain something definite about thu Ageut-Genurnlship. 1 hardly e.iro to take thu responsibility upon myself, but 1 thought at that time that tho leaders of the Assembly should huvu remained by the question. But when Parliament was prorogued hardly anyone thought Mr Munro was going to be tho Agent-General / Time, is hardly correct, hueuuae nt tho beginning of November last I suggested the possibility to Mr Gillies. Then ho scouted the idea. A fortnight afterwards, how ever, ho said hu behoved there was some thing in it, but even then uo one bad tho slightest thought of tho RESIGNATIONS OF TIIE COUNCIL MINISTERS. It is the practical resignation of these gentlemen which compels me to eny that the situation is wholly unconstitutional. For nil practical purposes thu numbers of tho Government sitting m tho Upper House have- no power now. Either they will not do anything, or they should not bu nllowcd to tako any action iu the government of tho country, for tho simple reason that thoy. will bu resigning, and cannot bo held responsible for their acts as Ministers. More than this, thoro will be a thorough luck of interest about their work because of this fact. Peoplo stop inu 011 thu street and n#k mo why something is not being done, but, of course, during tho recess an ordinary member can do nothing. For thu Ministry to contiuuo when it is practically 110 Ministry is a most surioun position. It would bo serious at any tune, but it is more serious because of the critical period ot tho colony's history. Mind yuu I um no pessimist. TIIE COLONY IS NOT SO BAD AS SOME PEOPLE THINK, or wish to uiaku out they think. .1 do not think that tlio colony is in such a bad statu as it was in 187S, but it will not take n great uc:d of bungling to nitiku it as bad, mid that is tho sort of thing which has to be avoided, fho colony is right out, but it wants Government, blow thu remnant which will bu left, can constitu tionally carry on is souiuthmgquite beyond my comprehension. Oi coursu, if thoro is a very strong public feeling in tho matter, it would bv pcasiblo for members to peti tion the G«ivonu>r-in. Council to cull Parliament toguthor, but even then thoro are so many in tho Assembly who merely want to stay thoro until Pnrlimmmt expires l>v effluxion of time. You mean those who have not tho ghost of a chance of cuming back after the general election ? Yes, that is the class 1 refor to. A number of them do not wish Parliament to die any earlier that they can possibly help it. Thon what do you think U the course that should bu taken, Mr llaiuer 1 Well, the position is ho unique, so un precedented in every way tliht it is diffi cult to say what should be done. Do I think that tho prospoct of securing office will lead members of the Upper House to join the Ministry ? you ask. Well, 1 hardly think so. At ony- rnte, while you cannot tell wliatmen may do. 1 um curtain that they wili pause bufnro taking such action, for even in the strongholds of where thu "one- innn-cmi'-voto " cry has been raised, I do not think the ticket would prove success ful whrti a gentleman had only to npjicul to property luridurs and had not thu nssistauco of ROLLS "STUFFED" BY TUE LABOR PARTY. In any case, if members could bo procured from thu Council, then their positions would be very insecure, nnd tlio appoint ments to offico might bo entirely un popular, so that they would meet with the usual punishment. What 1 think thu Government should do nt unce is to. re sign, and lut thu country decidu upon tho position. You would have tho Governor send for sumrono to forma Ministry? Well, that would bu the usual courio. And who would you havo hiiu send for— Mr llnrpur? All, that is sumething again difficult to say. Tho wholo position i.« so straugo aud unusual that difficulties crop up at every point ;but I am certain of this — that thu Government which is wanted in Victoria is a Government which will toll thu people tho straight truth about thine, and not go blundering on ward anu onward, saving sixpence and wasting a shilling. j chink that if thu people of tho colony wore told firmly what had to ho douo thoy would sunn bring tho proper spirit to bear, hut it is no usu dilly-dallying over groat quu#- lions. We havo a decent lot of men 111 Parliament, but not ono nub of 10, not one nut of 15, can fully realise thu great gravity of questions which havo to bu settled and decided upon. The attempt to REPRESENT MEEKLY LOCAL INTERESTS, but cannot bo brought to sec how local intoreeta uro wropped up in those of a national character. There is quo question no Government has had the pluck to deal with so far, and it is the biggest question of all. That is tlio question of over Government— of a too oxpensive form of Government for n colony liko Victoria. However, let us return to the question of this unconsti tutional position of affairs with thu rem nant of the Government that is Juft. Don't y<>u think tho return of Sir Graham Borry will influence matters a gseat deal ?" Well, no doubt ho will influoiire matters, but 1 think you will find that Sir Graham has learnt caution. Ho will fto very cautious iu any action ho takes whoa lju arrives here. it is stated hu will Attempt to reorganise the old Liberal Party ? What do you call tho Liberal Party. I don't know what it ia in Victoria at all events, for tho politics of tho so-called Liberal party are decidedly onti- Liboral ip fact. No, I think you will find Sir Graham vary cautious. Do you believe Mr Munro's appoint ment as Agent-General is a good 0110 ? I do nut. Mr Munro 1 Hko perso nally. Liko all men ho has some faults, but personally I have ovenr regard for him. Politically I think ft is generally admitted that his appointment is a must unpopular 0110. It is a bad appointment jp a political sonso. Voq tfq nob think Mr Munro possesses sufficient diplomacy ? No, I do not, and it is very necessary wo should huvo a careful man in London, who wilt nut put his hand out any further that ho can draw it hnck. it will not tako a great deal to make tho appoint ment AN UNMITIGATED FIASCO, for which tho colony must auffor. It's all vory woll in Victoria, but in London M; Munro cannot havo it all his own Way. and hia colonial policy does not Jusd oiie to peliovo that In" London ho will prove m cautious as will bo Qtdejpvy, ' However, Mr Munro may adapt himself to his position and karn more caution than bo haa shown in the past. For the colony's sake, let us hopo bo, Uo will havo an uphill battle and fight rendered harder by tho death of Mr Cashul Hoey, and hero I nuty say h«t despite tho comments in a section of tho proas, Mr Hoey was in every respect a ond offcor for the colony. And returning ut thn situation gene rally. sjaip, Mr Harper t ' Yob oay saythat I think tho situation U serious, and the action bring takoti by the Government in Ivavingnuiururciniiant of thosu who 'eft l'urliamunt, is wholly unconstitutional and without precedence. Our reporter thanked Mr llnnwr for his clearly exprcsicd views aud his courtesy, and withdrew. 