OUR MELBOURNE 's LETTER. Friday " Is there a crisis in this country ?" queried Mark Twain, as he stepped out 0f a canoe on to the shores of one of the most pacific of the: Pacific Islands. «lsTo! Then how do you run your institutions anyhow 1 Can't be much r.... Wei" But. reallv. we have pot so on the edge of a crisis at the present hour of writing that it seems almost touching upon delicate-ground to joke about it. I have seen some curious things in Parliament in my time, but I don't think I ever witnessed the spectacle of a whole House crossing <i,„ floor, and leaving two Ministers to represent the Government absolutely without a single supporter. A more provident man than Mr Zeal, would have saved himself from the ignomy of this terrible disgrace by . not insist- in" upon a division which he alone called .for. But he had his reasons, and I greatly fear that the Govern- ment lncenu viwauiuo between the Houses. If so, poor Victoria will be plunged more deeply in the mire, when she seemed just stru""ling through the last belt of it and in sight of the bank; But if she i5 dipped again she will leave her Ministry behind her. Still, you must admit, the position is serious. If on the first division of the session Ministers stand in the position of two to all, it would be farcial to s-iv they control the House or can conduct its business. If Ministers cannot conduct the business, if they cannot find even, a seconder for their motions, except that one colleague essays the office for the other, how can they carry on 1 In the language of the showmen — " Who's going to keep the ghost alive 1" I have seen some curious circumstances in Parliamentary life, but I don't remember having come across a situation like this. At most times it would mean serious trouble, it may not now. If ever a Government was sent into office with a commission to straighten up the finances put before all considera tions it is this one. The feeling in the il- a i fhiti lirlii/th rtAw ;ui — aiiu io is uiiio inuii icfbiJLj trols Parliaments — i3 that every move must be subordinated to that. The Government must be trusted, and must be helped, to get the national balance- sheet as right as they can. A change would mean delay, new men with a new policy, and that" eternal shuffle once more which disgusts us all with politics. Therefore, the majority will for a time support the Government. There may be occasional sways of temper or aberration on a division, but you can trust the old un's tip for a bit, though for bow long it is difficult to say. My impression is there will be no real fighting until after the Budget. In this last prophecy I speak of the Assembly alone, and I confess it seems to me that a Constitutional crisis may arise, through the action of the Council which evidently finds Mr Zeal's lead intolerable. In that I heartly agree Ulllli UllCllIj LU1 IT BUG X U1 IT UJOCtiUUUbU the aggressive attitude of Mr Zeal when in his fighting corner I must say that no more terrible exhibi tion . of incapacity to understand the functions of leadership than he displays was ever yet made prominent to a Victorian Parliament. Members oi the Council are not usually particu larly bright, but even then they throw unanswered darts at this utterly water-logged leader of the fleet, yawn ing and veering helplessly in the trough of a sea of which he has no understanding. This snatching of a portfolio, offered to him because no one else could be got to take it, will prove to be Air Zeal's political ruin. Even in the rawest of Ministers there are some blunders that cannot be par doned. And if a constitutional crisis should arise in this country, it will be clue solely to his indiscretion, both of speech and act. Ah ! the poor unemployed ! One's heart bleeds for them. Day by day their faces blanch; week by week they seem to grow more attenuated nn.l Ititn/vtttr Irt. il"i n/ 1 1 0 XT off.Or Hfl.V UUU ilUllgl J lUUti.lLI0. J ! tliey liig round the Public Works Department and the Treasury, hoping to clutch the sleeve of a Minister or to watch the Governor arrive. Poor fellows, they can do little more than see him walk up the steps and dis appear into his office ; and that don't feed the wife and weans at home. And at the best, that treat is only once a week. Possibly, some day a real philanthropist will arise in our midst.- who will regulate these things better, and teach us how better to hear up the tottering weakened feet of the shiftless. But. I confess, to me these crowds — for readers you must please remember they are oft-times thousands i strong — wandering about the streets of the metropolis of this colony un- availingly looking for work, while such v.ast areas untitled, destined to support millions of the human race in future ages remain, seems to me to emphasise that distinction between labor and capital which exists all the world over. Some day a genius will arise who win discover wie uwuu. Associated with this theme there! was an incident last Tuesday night, at Parliament House, which -I have not I seen reported. "You probably know I that the precinct of Parliament House I is a line drawn from Lonsdale, down Exhibition-street to Flinders-street, thence to Lansdowne-street, and round, to Albert-street. .Roughly speaking there is about an eighth of a | mile of Environment in .which no crowds are: permitted to . as- — Ian , nMCOnfpH. ocmuic, UUL pei'LUlGUO - -J . nor attempts made upon the political I virtu re of members of Parliament. Notwithstanding this law, I have been present within the precinct at some few little political affairs at the White | Hart or Johnny Sheehan's;-- which fairly came under the name of crowds. But on Tuesday night there occurred — that most illegal thing — a deputa tion of ladies' within the precinct to interview the. Minister of. Public Works. They rushed up the steps and clamored at the door wnere une ponce refused them' admittance, but ere they had reached it there 'was a crowd of about three hundred people on the steps of , Parliament House,:, eager to | learn how they had fared. The ladies braved the1 penalties of violating the precinct," but' their "action that night only showed how dire is the distress. Tub Rain and Oxley Bridge Works. I — The heavy rain caused a riso in the I Ovens Rivers/- and the dismantled bridge I over Cropper's. Creek, near Oxley, will cause some inconvenience.. - A temporary gravel crossing had , been made, hut the flood sweep .it. away and the hollows in | the vicinity of : the . bridge are now filled with water. The 'mails are earned across by boat, and traffic has bceu stopped until repairs are made. 