(Echoes mb JU-Qrxitocs. BISMARCK TO TOMKINSON. Mein Goot Domginson—Yon haf heard of der row vot I haf been had mit dot young Kaiser Wilhelm, der war crank, und pootv Boon der vos anoder row, zoh ! I like me not dot Caprivi, he haf been work up all my ideas, und vot is der use dot I haf ideas when eoraepody else got all der benefit. Wilhelm, der war cnuik, vot I haf been teach, gife me der cold Bhoulder, und pooty soon I took it. My weather eye I haf got open, and I watch me vot-I see. Now you bet my life der vas bound to be a row, ain't it? I don't dink much mit Gladstone, and efery dimes vot he vas been in power dot old Russian Bear begin crawl, crawl, crawl, and sneak along either mit his eye on Turkey or his nose pointed ofer dere by Afghanistan, a*int it? Poof! of your dink dot old Caprivi was been a match even for oldt woodchopper Gladstone pooty soon yon find out dot he wasn't. Now, I der Bismarck always am able to see what green lie got in his eve, und I hoodvinks him ash easy as kiss der back of mein head. Dot young Wilhelm, der war crank, he vas been to eee his grossmiitter, und she told him he didn'tlvas got any sense mit his army und soldiering und bouncing striken und writing sermonts vot he send to der Pope, ..but he laugh mit his sleeve at what . dot oldt lady say. . I bet your life dot we "yill haf some fun mit oldt Gladstone und his Amerigan axehandle; he vill hoompug efery dings, ash he vas peen done pefore. Der Jews in Russia vas pooty quiets, und I don't dink much of dem, put aer Nihilisdts vas alzo quiet, und dot means der vas misschief brewing, ain't it ? Wenefer England vas hafing a yolly liddle row anywhere else dot oldt Czar he say to Sheneral Gotsuchakof, or Prinoe Kaskowiski, " OS mit yon now, und pull a tail feader out of his wing, or jump ofer der frontier und knock der stuffing out of dem Afghans." Den der delegrams come mit der oondradioehuns, und oldt Gladdy he drop his axe' on his foot und say, " Great Kaiser's ghost! vasishdis? I must temporise mit Russia, and sing schmall to Shermany, or cite ve vill haf to spend some of der money of Johannes der Bull, und thai Barlmnendt vill degline to vote anydings for der next Royal marriage." I eee (says Hugh Kalyptus) that the enthusiasts at Broken Hill have compared Messrs. 8Ieath and Ferguson to the late Messrs. Moses and Aaron of immortal memory. I am not very much up in Scripture, but I believe that the two Hebrews mentioned were the Sleath and Ferguson of the period when the Egyptian Directors of the brickmaking business made things so rough for the Israelites that they went on strike, the result being that there was a ran cm the bank of" the Red Sea, and it had to go into liquidation. Pharaoh and all his host had a meeting with his creditors, and paid the debt of nature. Moses, never entered the Promised Land, and no more will Moses Sleath, likewise Aaron Ferguson. The heirs, executors, administra- tors, assigns, and attorneys of Messrs. Moses and Aaron have ; no intention of entering an action against Messrs. Sleath and Ferguson for pirating their invention of the strike SE far as I know, partly because it is not worth while, and also for the reason that the Broken Trill affair is so palpably a parody that it is not worth making a fuss about. Moses and Aaron kept the Hebrew strike going for forty years in the wilderness and brought the strikers, or their descendants, rather, out right end uppermost without having to call in the aid of the women to protect them with then petticoats against the enemy. . It struck me very forcibly that either the strikers muBt be under pettiooat government «t home, and dare not prohibit their womenfolk from unsexing themselves by interfering in a quarrel between men and men, or they are so uncertain of the issue that they have abandoned manly self-reliance, and asked the sex they ought by right to protect to flourish their, petticoats between them and danger. The Matabele tribe in Africa had a custom of sending untried warriors in the front rank to bear the brunt of the battle, and the old warriors backed them up in the rear, killing all those who showed the white feather. The strikers'army at Broken Hill had better have the women in the raar tank to prod the men on with broomsticks and pickhandles. The Amazon army of Broken Hill had much better attend to the household economy,'because they only make the men look ridiculous, for a lover of law and order who would face a man and arrest him singlehanded would not dream of touching a woman, virago though she might be. The modem Moses and Aaron, if they sanctioned the virago brigade muster, do not compare favourably with the leaders of Israel any way. Somewhere about the year 1856 the Melbourne Punch brought out a series of imitations of " Tapper's Proverbial Philosophy," amongst which was the following, which might be well quoted in connection with a recent article in theiJejisicr on " Law and Justice":— OF LAW. Mighty institution is law—promoter of social jactitation, Else might the world most meanly stagnate into green slimy harmony. Three animals were pointed at by the ancients as proper to fight shy of—* A basilisk and a goigon were the first tiro, And the third I'm afraid was a lawyer! But this is a coarse imputation, characteristic of the rudeness cf the age. So doubt the lawyer hath a function, healthful and daring in its way, <•»» Were it only to properly temper one's rattle-pated jollity of mood. As by contrast and comparison alone can one's 1 appy condition be admeasured, Ai d abandonee by him esteemed who hath felt the 1 een pinches of privation. So empyrean beatitude is his, just escaped the thomb-eirewing of a lawyer. Dow calmly reflecting it seemeth that the lawyers in Bodety have meiit. ] ike the background of green in a noBegav, they show off its pleasanter features. 