SPELLING XtEPOSM. Salient Points of the Orthography Bill Now Before Congtese. The Fiftieth Congress if ponsidprinc a hill for " an amended authography,?' which pro vides tor a eiraplifioation of" spelling. The bill preeoribsB that It shall tske effect upon all tbe ecliools of tbe Territories and those of tbe Distriet ol Columbia, and upon the Mili. tary and naval academies and the Indian and colored schools in the Territories. It declares, farthsrino that soy officer, school direotor, committee or teacher is control of any sdbool described in this act, who shah refuse or negleot to comply with the require ments of tbe aet shall be removed from offioe. The bill Icginj by enacting that '-the fol lowing amended' orthography shall be re cognised as correct." The orthography re ferred to is grouped under the following tve!?a heads; First; :' The silent e shall be dropped when phonetically useless,' as in am, graDitej eaten, rained, barken and so forth. Write 61 for re, ae in theater, meter, saber and so forth Second : Drop n from ea, having tbe sound of e, bb in feather, leather knd so forjh. Third : Drop o from co, baring the aound of e, as in jeopardy, leopards and so forth. ' Fourth : Fur o having the sound ot a write u in above (abuvj, dozen,- sonic (sum), tongue (tusg), and tbe like. Fifth : Drop o from on, having the sound of u, ae in journal, nourirh, rough (ruf), trouble, tough (ud), and the like. Birth : Drop silent u after g, beford a and in native English wards ; drop final ue,as in guarantee: guard, guess, guest, guilt pud so forth ; apologue, catalogue and so forth ; dsmpgogue, pedagogue and so forth; league, harangue, tongue (tusg), and so forth. Seventh ;"D'oubic uopsosante shall be sim plified. Final b, d, g, n, r, t, f, 1, z, as in ebb, add, egg, inn, purr, butt, bailiff, dull, buzz, and so forth. Medial before auijlhsr consonant, si battle, ripple, written (write), and K forth. Initial unaccented preflxee, and other un accented syllables as in abbreviate, accuse, affair, and so forth ; curvetting, traveller, and so forth, . Eight ; Changs d »a ed. £nal, to t when so pronounced, as in crossed (crost), looked (look!), nd so forth, unless the e affects the preceding sound, st iff chafed, chanced. Ninth : Change s to s jn distinctive words, as in abuse, verb ; house, verb j rise, verb and so forib. Eleventh : Drop t in oatoh, witch, and so forth. Twelfth : Change the spelling in tbe follow ing words: Ake (ache), anker fanohor), beuty (beauty), coud (could), whole (bole), pstlament (parliament), receit (receipt), rime (rhyme), sent (scent), eithe (scythe), wimen (women), yomtn (yeomen) j drop silent b in bomb, crumb, debt, doubt, dumb, lamb, limb, numb, plum, subtle, succumb, thumb; ohange c back to s in cinder, expeuoe, fierce, hence, once, pence, scarce, since, ponroe, thenca, tierce, whence ; drop the h of ch in chamo mile, clicler, cholera, melancholy, school, stomach ; drop g in feign, foreign, sovereign; drop h in aghast, burgh, ghost ; drop gh in haughty ; though (tho), through (thru); drop a in aisle, demesne, island : Provided, That the foregoing rules shall not apply to proper names- And provided further, tbat where ambiguity would reeglt from tbe nee ot the said rules the old form may be retained, "I am s strolling player," groaned ft seedy looking fellow to a gentleman on a country road, " and do not ask for money, bat only some Ieft-ofi clotbeB." " My good fellow," rejoined the latter 11 1 am sorry I oan't asBiet you. Times are now so bad that 1 ffear my ieft- ofi clothes myself." " My daughter Ann takes a great interest in esthetics," observed Eriggs to SqUBl- dig. " She could just put yop to sleep talking about high art." «' i see," repl-ed Squaldig; " aalhetie Ann becomes an aneestbatic." Maud (reading title of picture) : "'A Hunt ' for a Leech. What kind of animal do you suppose a leech is, Clara I " Clara (doubtfully) : " Ota, I don't knowi something like a fox, I should thiDk," Alarm fid pedestrian (picking op a painter at tbe foot of a ladder) ; " My poor man, are yoohnrt mnobl" Fainter : " Only three ribs broken. But I went down with colors flying, didn't 1 1" Wife (looking np torn hboftj do yon think should be done in the ease of drowning t" Husband : Have a funeral, ot comae." Mrs. Arlington Oust married) "Tht goose liver you left here yesterday was excellent. Let me have another. Bglptibs lame goose, mind. My husband is rsly par ticular.' He (at a very late hour, with deep tender ness: How can I leave thee t" She: "Why, really, Mr. Stayer, I oan't tell you. I wish to heaven I could." Mamma: "Edith, csn you tell me what faith?" Edith (aged six years): "Oh, yes; it is believing what you know isn't trua 1" she (vindictively) ; " You need not hop to canape me thus. The wounded heart never forgets. I ehall follow you to your grave." He (with bravado) : " Not if yon flit first." Tbe world is not a raeeconrae orn battle, field or a prize-fight. It is B place in whioh eaoh man is given his own sphere to oocupy and his own duty to do; ana if that ephera be occupied honorably and that duty dona well, every man is undoubtedly a victor and a " fit survivor." ._.TojMtablero jendme honest and kind criticism requires quite ae mnoh wisdom aa to be able to make hornet and trite eritii flidh — ----- 