NICK OF THE WOODS. CHAPTER V.— (Cromsngp.) In the meanwhile, Roland also was pre- paring for slumber ; and finding, as indeed he , could not a void seeing, that the hospitality of j his boat had placed the males of the family under the necessity of taking their rest in the open air on the porch, he insisted upon passing the night in the same place, in their company. In faot, the original habitation of the Wclc- woodsman eeldom boasted mora than two rooms in all, end these none of the largest ; and when emigrants arrived at a station, thero was little, attempt made to find shelter for any save tbeir women and children, to whom the men of the settlement readily gave np their own quarters, to share those of their male visitors uuder the blanket-tents which were spread before the door. This, to men who had thus passed the Bights for several weeks in succession, was I anything but hardship; and when the weather i was warm and dry, they conld congratulate ; themselves on sleeping in greater comfort than their sheltered companions. Of thiB Forrester was well aware ; and he took an early period to .communicate his resolution of rejecting the un manly luxury of a bed, and sleeping like a soldier, wrapped in his cloak, with his saddle for a pillow. la this way, the night proving unexpectedly sultry, he succeeded in eniovinr? mote delightful and refreshing slumbers than blessed bis kinswoman in her ted of down. The song of the katydid and the cry of the whip- poor-will came more sweetly to his ears, from the adjacent woods ; and the breeze that had stirred a thousand loaguee of forest in its flight, whispered over his check with a more enchanting music th £>. Ji it made among the chinks and cran nies of the wall by Edith's bedside. A few idle dreams— recollections of home, mingled with tbeantici; ntod scenes of the future, the deep forest, the wild hcatt, and the lurking Indian — amused, without harassing, his sleeping mind ; aad it waQ not until the first grey ol dnwn tbat he experienced any interruption. He started up suddenly, bis eatB still tingling with the soft tones of an unknown voice, which had whispered in them, "Cross the river by the Lower Ford— there is danger at the Upper." He stared around, but saw nothing ; all was silent around him. save the deep breathing of the sleepers at his side. 41 Who spoke ?" he demanded iu a whisper, but received no reply. 44 River— Upper and Lower Ford— danger ?" —be muttered : 44 now I would have sworn some one spoke to me : and yet I must have dreamed it. titrange things dreams— thoughts in freedom, loosed from tbs chain of associa tion — temporary mad-fits, undoubtedly ; marvellous impressions they produce on the organs of sense ; eee, hear, smell, taste, touch, ,u, wjdjj than with them, what's the use of the organs ? lucre's the poser-I think— r-" but hero he ceased thinking altogether; hi. philosophy baring erred the purpose such philosophy usually does, and wrapped him a eeeond time in the arms of Morpheus. Re opened his eyes al- soet immediately, aa he thought; but his morning nap had lasted half aa hoar ; the damn was already purple and violet in the sky, his compaoions had left hi. side, and the ham n voicee not UJO sound OI lOOtSHpS IB around the Station, told him that his fellow- exBes were already preparing to resume their journey. 44 A bravo morrow to yon, Mptsin !" —id the commander of the fortress, the thunder of whose footsteps. aa he approached the house with uncommonly fierce strides, hid perhaps broken hie elumbere. A frown was on hie brow i and the grasp of his in which every finger seemed doing the dnty of a boa constrictor, spoke of spirit np in arms, end wrestling with passion. 44 What is the matter V asked Roland. 44 Matter that consarni yon and me more than any other two persons in the etamal world !" said Bruce, with such energy of utterance as nothing but rage could supply. 14 Thar has been a black wolf in the pinfold— aHaa, aa they used to say at the court-house, Captain Ralph Stackpole; and the end of it is, war I never to tell another truth in my life, that your blooded brown horse has absquatu lated!" 44 Absquatulated !" echoed Forrester, amazed u much at the word as at the fierce visage of hie friend — 44 what is that ? Is the horse hurt?" 44 Stolen away, eir, by the etamal Old Seratch ! Carried off by Roaring Ralph Stack- pole, while I, like a brute, war sound a-sleep- ing ! And h'yar'e the knavery of the thing, sir! the unpronounceable rascality, sir! I loaned the brute one of my own cntturs, just to be rid of him, and have him out of harm's way ! for I had a forewarning, the brute, that his mouth war a- watering after the new beaste in the pin-fold, and after the brown hone in partlckelar ! And so I loaned him a horse, mdsent him off to Logan's. Well, air, and vhat does the brnte do but ride off, for a make- | believe, to set us easy ; for he knew the brute, if he war in sight of ui, we should have had guards over the cattle, all night long ; well, sir, down be sot in ambush, till all were quiet ; and then he etole back, and, turning my own hone among the others, as if to may, 4 That's the beast that I borrowed,' it war "a wonder the brnte war so hement !_nrlr«fi flu T-tMt. /if the gathering, your blooded brown horse, sir! and all the while I waa sleeping like a brute, and leaving the guest in my own boose to be robbed by Captain Ralph Stack- pole, the villain !" 44 If it be possible to follow the rascal," said Roland, giving way .to wrath himself, 44 1 mast do so, ana without a moment's delay. I would to heaven I had known this earlier." 44 What was the use." said Bruce ; 44 whar was the use of disturbing a tired man in his asp, aud he a guest of mine, too 1'" "The advantage would have been," says Rolsnd, a little testily, 44 that the pursuit could have been instantly began." 44 And war it not ?'4 said the colonel. 44 Thar war not two minutes lost after the horse war missing, afore my son Tom sad a dozen more of the best woodmen war mounted on the fleetest bones in the settlement, and galloping after, right on the brute's trail." 44 Thanks, my friend," said Roland, with a cordial grasp of the hand. 44 The horse will be recovered?" "That's no denying it," said Bruce, 44 if a fresh leg can outrun a weary one ; and besides, the brute war not content with the best horse, hut he roust have the second beat too, that's Major Sroalleye's two-year-old ponr. He has eve for a horse, the etarnai akirmudgeon ! hut the pony will be the death of him : for he's ukeary, and will keep Ralph slow in the path, bo, sir; we'll have your brown horse before you can say Jack Robinson. But the intolera- Wity of the thing is, that Jack Stackpole should steal my guest's horse, air ! But it's the end of his thicvi#?, »«> fciuto, or iter's o snares : Y told him Lynch war oui, the sruto ; and I told the boys to take car4 1 war aot found lyiug ; aud I reckon they won't .orget me . Ilibothe crittur, thar's no denv- for he's a 6creamer among the Injuns ; but there's no standing a horse-thief ! No, sir, mar s no standing a horse-thief !" The only consequence of this accident which was apprehended, was that the march of the «ues must be delayed until the soldier's boree Fm ; recovered, or Rolaud himself left behind WU the animal was brought in; unloas, sed, he chose to accent another freely offered him by bis gallant nost, aud trust to aaTing his own charger restored on some f? occasion. He waa himBelf unwilling that the progress of more than 100 human "togs towards the long-Bighed-for land of pro- should be delayed a moment on his account .; for this reason, he exhorted hiB jotniotd superior to hasten the preparations lor doparture, without thinking of him. His ist resolution, in relation to his own course, to proceed with the company ; having his ores to be sent after him, when recovered. S J loath, however, to leave the highly. Jvf long-tried charger behind ; and UMonel Bruce, taking advantage of the feeling, presenting the openness and safety of the JJM, the shortness of the day's journey (for Jjf pert station at which the" oxiles intended jMpug was scarce twenty miles distant), and, promising, if be remained, to escort J.® thither with a band of his young men, to com the excursion would be but an agreeable soldier changed his mind, and, in an vni boar, as it afterwards appeared, consented remain until Brown Briareus was brought this should happen before midday, which time, if the horse did not appear, it iXreedthat be should set out, trusting to a fortune and the friendly zeal of his ,?Bl»Jor the future recovery and restoration of g0. co&rgor.; Later than midday be was re- lj0JJP®. ®ot to remain ; for, however secure the alnn . wiser to pursue it in company than renin ' nor would he have oonsented to re- imnlv nw®®nt» had there appeared the least <Eufoit0,: h af|Uinetho companions ot hu His measures were taken aooordiugly. His Tfln£! f0r8ea' under the charge of the j uoger of the two negroes, wore eont on with trfM. the other, an old and faithful slave j. ® father, being retained as a useful appeB- frein oontalning his kinswoman, S® he, of oourae,sawiio reason to be f/V®''! . To Edith herself, the delay was aA I21 b®1# disagreeable. It psomirod a gay gallop through the forest, instead wt.fi I .' plodding, funeral-like anarch to she had teem day after day monotonously WMloiaed, She assented, therefore, so the 270t arrangement, and, like her kinsman, beheld, in the fresh light of sunrise, without a sigh, without even a single forboding of evil, the de parture of the train of emigrants, with whom she had journeyed in safety so many long and weary leagues through the desert. They Bet out iu high spirits, after shaking bauds with their hosts at the gates, and saluting them with cheers, which they repeated in honor of their young captain ; and in a few moments the whole train had vanished, as if swallowed up by the dark forest CHAPTER VL WitLin an hour after the emigrants had set out, the sky, which had previously been dear aud radiant, began to he overcast with clouds, dropping occasional rains, which Roland scarcely observed with regret, their effect on the sultry atmosphere being highly agreeable and refreshing. They continued thus to fall at intervale until 9 o'clock, when Roland, as be 1 Porc debating with Bruce the pro- | uabuitaes of their continuance, was roused By a shout from the outer village, and looking up, he beheld, to his great delight, Richard Bruce, the second son of his host, a lad of sixteen, ride wto the enclosure, leading in triumph his recovered charger. 44 Thar's the brute, stranuger !" B&id; he, with uncommon glee. 44 He war too hard a horse for Ralph's rid-looking; and I reokon if he nnnn i oeeu, you wouldn't have had hun eo easy, for he's a peeler at a run, trot, or gallop, he is, I tell you ! It's bad luck for Stackpole to be flung by man and beast two days hand- running— first by Tiger Nathan, then by a stolen crittur!" "Thar, father, you're too hard for me," replied the youth ; 44 but I'll tell you all I know on it, \ ou needn't look at his lee. Oftptaiu, for they're as sound as hickory ; the crittur'a a bit worried with his morning's work, but that's nothing to speak on." The lad's story was boou told. The traok of the horse-thief had been followed through the woods, and it was soon seen, from its irregularity, that he had made an unlucky selection of beasts, both being so restive and rebellious, tbat it was obvious be had found it uo easy mutter to urge them along. A place was found where lie appeared to have been thrown by Briareuw, which he seemed after wards to have pursued, mounted on the pony, in the vain hope of re-taking the mettlesome charger, until, persuaded of his inability, or afraid, from the direction iu which the animal bad fled, of being led back agaiu to the settle ment. His track, after abandoning the chase, was as plain as that left by the war-horse, aud was followed by the main body of pursuers; while Richard and two others taking the latter, he had the good fortune to find and recover the animal, as he was solacing himself, after his morning's adventure, in a grassy wood, soaroe two miles from the station. What had become of Stackpole, the lad knew not, but had q0 doubt, as he added with a knowing look, 44 that Lynch's boys would soon give a good account of him; for Major Smalleye war as mad as a beaten b'arabont the two-y'ar-old pony." "Well," uid th. father, " I reckon t£. brute will deserve all he may oome by ; thar's no use in mourning him. Thar's as good Injan- u amrocKy, soar s cue comfort ; and thar's no denying mea will be much easier about their bones." With this consoling assurance, in which Roland saw implied the visitation of tbs deadliest vengeance on the head of the offender, Braes proceeded to congratulate him on the recovery of Brown Briareus, and to intimate his readiness, after the aniius! had been allowed a little rest, which it evidently needed, to marshal his band of young men, auu conduct him on his way after the exiles. But fate willed that the friendly intention should never be put into exeoution, and that the young soldier should go forth on his pilgrimage unat tended and unprotected. Within the space of half an hour, the clouds, which seemed previously to have discharged all their moisture, collected into a dense canopy, darkening the whole heaven, aud rumbling with thunder, that became every moment loader aud heavier. Then cams gusts of wind, groaning through the forest, rattling among the dead limbs or the girdled trees, and whist ling over the palisades of the fort. These were succeeded by loudei peals of thunder and vivid flashes of lightning, which continued and increased until the tempest, for such it was, burst in fury, discharging deluges of rain, tbat fell with unremitting violence until an hour or more after midday. This was a circumstance which, as it neces sarily deferred the moment of his setting out, caused Forrester a tittle uneasiness, but be soon came to believe that he had reason to congratulate himself on its occurrence, store it was scarcely possible the band would continue their journey in Buch a storm ; and, indeed, Brace was of opinion that the day's march would be ended on the banks of the river- one of the principal forts of the Salt— but tittle more than ten miles from his Station ; where, if the exiles were wise, they would pitch their camp: waiting for the subsidence of the waters. This was a point that Roland might be expected to reach in a ride of three or four hours at most; which consideration not only satisfied him under the delay, but almost mode him resolve to defer his setting-out until the following morning, that his kinswoman might have the advantage of sleeping a second time under the shelter of a roof, rather than be com pelled to exchange it for the chill and humid forest. It was while he was balancing this thought in his mind, and watching with a gladdened eye the flash of sunshine breaking through the parted clouds, that a shout, louder than that which had proclaimed the recovery of his steed, but of a mournful character, arose from the outer village, and a horseman, covered with mud, reeking with rain, and reeling in the saddle with fatigue and exhaustion, rode into the tort, followed by a crowd of men, women aud children, all testifying, by their looks and exclamations, tbat he was the bearer of al&Tming; news. And such indeed he was, as waa shown by the first words he answered iu reply to Eruce's demand, 44 what was the matter ?" 44 There are a thousand Indians," he said, 44 Shawnees, Dolawares, Wyandots, Miumies — all the tribes of the North— laying siege to Bryant's Station ; and perhaps at this moment tbey are burning and murdering at Lexington. Men, Colonel Bruce I send us all your men, without a moment's delay ; and send off for Logan and his forces ; despatch some one who can ride, for lean sit a horse no longer.' ,44Wliar'e Dick Bruce?" cried the Ken- tuckian ; and, the eon auswering, he con tinued, 44 Mount the roan Long- legs, yon brute, and ride to Asaph's, iu no time. Tell Cunnel Logan what you h'sr, and add that, before he can' draw girth I shall be, with every fighting man in my fort, on the north side ot Kentcky. Ride, you brute, ride for your life : aud do you take care you come al?ng with the Cunnel; for it's time you war trying your band at the Injun top-kaot. Ride, you brute, ride !" " Wah — wah — wah— vrah!" whooped the bov, like a young Indian, flying to obey the order, and exulting in the expectation of com - 44 Sound horn, you, Samuel Sharp!" cried the father. "You, BeuJooes, and some more of you, ride out aud rouse the settlement; and some of you, hunt up Torn Bruce and the Regu lators ; it war a pity they hanged Ralph Stack- pole ; for he fights Injuns like a wolverine, fell all them that ar'n't ready to start, to follow at a hard gallop, aud join me at the ford of Kentucky ; and them that don't find me thor, let them follow to Bryant's, or to anywbar : whar thar's Injuns! Hurrah, you brutes! whar'a your guns and your horses ? your knives and your tomahawks? If thar's a thousand Injuns, or the half of 'em, that's meat for all of you. Whar's Ikey Jones, the fifer. Let's have Yankee-Doodle and the Rncue's Mereh. tor. by the etarnai Old Scratch, all them white men that ar'n't a horseback in twenty-five minutes, are rogues worse thau red lujuus — Hurrah for Kentucky !" The spirit of the worthy oifioer of militia iBfused animation into all bOBoms ; and,iuan inBt&nt;, the settlement, late so peaceful, re sounded with the hum aod uproar of warlike preparation. Horses were caught and saddled, rifles pulled from their perches, kuivos sharp ened, ammuuition-nouches and proveuder-bags filled, and every other step taken necessary to the simple equipment of a border army, oailed to action in an emergency so sudden and earnest. In the meanwhile, the intelligence was not without its effects on Roland Forrester, who, seeing himBelf eo unexpectedly deprived of the promised escort,— for he oould ecaroe think, nuder such circumstance?, of withdrawing a single men from the force called to a duty so important,— perceived the necessity of employ ing his own resources to effect escape from a position which he now felt to be embarrassing. He regretted, for the first time, bis separation from the band of emigrants, nnd became doubly anxious to follow them; for if it were true tbatao large a force of Indians was really in the district, toere was every reason to suppose they would, aoccordiug to their known system of warfare, divide into small parties, ana soatter over the whole oouutry, iufestiug every rood and path ; and ho know not how teon some of them might be foaod following on the heels of the messenger. He took advantage of the first symptom of returning serenity on the part of tne nost, to acquaint him with hie resolution to , set out immediately ; the raiue having oeased, and the clouda broken up and almost vaninheci. Lord, captain." eatd the Kontuddim. "I hoped you would We born for taking a brush M "tt my iflett to Bend a l".er yw party, to hopes your men would join us in (be rusty. Whar will they have such anotherchance f A thousand In- jmis ready cut and dried for kUlkiu 1 Lord, what a fool I war for not setting more store by Nathan Slaughter's! I never fcnowed the brute to lie in Buch a case, for. as ha is always ramping about the woods he's as good as a pud soout. Howsomaver, the crittur didn t speak on his own knowledge ; and that 5? . ip?Ie. wafl Jnrt ripe from the f-nfa ?. ?'>I1,ari captain, ifyourmen will fight, just tote em bacx, stow awav the women behind the Ions here, and march rour gun. after me; and, if thar's half the number or red mggurs they speak of to be fonnd, yoo shall see an nffa'r of a ekrimmage that will he etUTisj"" r0ar wIlolMome— ru "dl. hy the "If the men are of that mind," ssid Roland, gallantly, " I am not the one to balk them. I will, at least, see whither their inclinations tend; ana that the matter may the sooner be decided, I will set out without delay." we wll war escort JO", captain/' said the Kentuckiao, with same embarrass ment; 44 you're a soldier, captaiu, and you sec the case!" x ao, j have no desire to weaken your force ; and, I trust, no protection is needed." 41 Not an iota; the road is as safe as the farrow of a Yirgmnee corn- field,— at least, till you strike the lower Fords ; and thar I've heard of no rampaging since last summer: I'll iodamnify you against all loss and mischief— J will, if it va on mr aulva- HmI" 44 If you could but spare me a single guide." said Forrester. 44 Whar's the use, captain? the road is aa broad and cl'ar aa a turnpike in the Old Dominion ; it leads you chock up, right on the Upper Ford, whar thar's safe passage at any moment; but, I reckon, the raius will make it look a little wrathy a while, and so fetch your peoplo to a standstill. But it'a a pot eoon full ami soon empty ; aud it will be low enough in tbe morning." "The Upper Ford?" said Roland; his dream, for ao he esteemed it, recurring to his mind : "Is there then a Lower Ford?" , 'J Ay," replied Bruce ; "but thar's no passing it in the freshes ; and, besideB, the place has a bad name. It war thar old John Ashburn pitched his station, in '7S; but the savages made murdering work of him, taking every scalp in the company ; and so it makes one sad like to pass thar, and the more particularly that it's all natteral fine ground for an ambush. You'll see the road, when you're six mile deep iu the forest, turning off to the right, under a shivered beech-troe. You are then four miles from the river, or tbarabouta, and jnst that distance, I reckon, from your company. No, captain," he repeated, 41 the road is wiae and open, and a guide war mere lumber on your hands." This was a point, however, on which the young soldier, doubly eolidtous on his kins- woman's account, to avoid mischief, was not yielded to his importunity,— perhaps, somewhat ashamed of suffering his guests to depart en tirely alone,— and began to uaBt about him for come euitable person who oould be prevailed upon to exchange the privilege of fighting Indians, for the inglorious duty of conducting wayfarers through the forest. This wae no easy task; and it was not until he assumed his military authority, as commander of aU the en rolled militia-men in his district, empowered to make such disposition of his foroes as he thought fit, that he succeeded in compelling the erviee of one of his reluctant followers, under whose guidance Roland and his little party soon set out. Their farewell was briefly said ; the urgentnature of his duties leaving the hospit able Bruce tittle opportunity for superfluous speech. He followed them, however, to the bottom of the hill, grasped Roland by the hand ; and, doing the same thing by Edith, as if his conscience smote him for dismissing her with so tittle ceremony and such insufficient atten dance, he swore that, if any evil happened to her on the road, he would "rest neither night nor day until he had repaired it, or lost his scalp in the effort with this characteristic and somewhat ominous farewell, he took his leave; aad the cousins, with the guide and faithful servant, spurred onward at a brisk pace, until tbe open fields of the settlement were exchanged for the deep and gloomy woodlands. CHAPTER VII. The sun shone out clearly and brilliantly; and the tree-tops, from which the winds had already tlu tain, rufttlod frooUj to the moro moderate breezes that had succeeded them; and Roland, animated by the change, by the brisk pace at which he wae riding, and by the hope of soon overtaking his fellow-exiles, met the joyous look of hie kinswoman, with a coun tenance no longer disturbed by care. And yet there was a solemnity in the scene around them, that might have called for other and more sombre feelings. The forest into which they had planned, was of the grand and giuuuij tuiuavvw wuivu uia larunty OI uieBOU, and the absence of the axe for a thousand years, imprint on the western woodlands, especially in tbe vicinity of rivers. Oaks, elms, ana walnuts, tulip-trees, and beecbeB, with other monarchs of the wilderness, lifted their trunks like so many pillars, green with mosses and ivies, and swung their majestic arms, tufted with mistletoe, far over bead, supporting a canopy,— a series of domea and arches without end,— that had for ages overshadowed the soil. Their roots, often concealed by a billowy undergrowth of ehrabs and bashes, oftener by brakes of the gigantie and evergreen cane, forming fences as singular as tbey were, for the most part, impenetrable, were yet at times visible, where open glades stretched through the woods, broken only by buttressed trunks, and by the stems of colossal vines, hanging from the boughs, likecables, orthe arms of anoriental banyan; while their luxuriant tops rolled iu union with the leafy roofs that supported them. The vague and shadowy pros pects opened by these occasional glades, stirred the imagination, and produced a feeling of solitude in the mind, greater perhaps than would have been felt had the view been con tinually bounded by a green wall of canes. The road, if such it could be called, through this noble forest, was, like that the emigrants had eo long pursued through the wilderness, a mere path, designated, where the wood waa open, by blazes, or axe-marks on the trees ; and, where the undergrowth was dense, a narrow track cut through the canes and shrubs, scarce sufficient in many places to allow the passage oft we horsemen abreast ; though when, as frequently was the case, it followed the ancient routes of the bisons to fords and salt- ticks, it presented, as Bruce had described, a wide and commodious highway, practicable even to wheeled carriaees. The gait of the little party over this road was at first rapid and cheery enough, but by-and- by, having penetrated deeper into the wood, where breezes and suubeam6 were alike un known, they found their progress impeded by a thousand pools and sloughs, the conse quences of the storm, and stretched from brake to brake. These interruptions promised to make the evening journey longer than Roland bad anticipated ; but he caught at intervale the fresh foot-prints of his comrades in tbe soil, where it wae not exposed to tbe rains, and reflected, with pleasure, that travelling even at the slowest pace, he must reach the ford where he expected to find them encamped long before dark. He felt, therefore, no uneasiness at the delay, nor did he think any of those obstacles to rapid progress a cauee for regret, that gave him the tetter opportunity to inter change ideas with his fair kinswoman. Hi nnfr concern arose from the conduct of his guide, a rough, dark-vieaged man, who had iwirajou uuiu ura nni momens or starting a sullen countenance, indicative of his disinclina tion to the duty assigned him, which feeling evidently grew stronger the further he ad vanced, notwithstanding sundry efforts For rester made to bring him to a better humor. He displayed no desire to enter into conversa tion with tbe soldier, replying to euch ques tions as were directed to him with a brevity little abort of rudeness ; and bis smothered exclamations of impatience whenever his deli cate followers slackened their pace at a bog or gully, which he had himself dashed through with a manly coutempt of mud and mire, somewhat 6tirred the cnoler of' the young cap tain. Tbey had, perhaps, followed him a distance of four miles into the forest when the occur rence of a wider and deeper pool than ordinary producing a corresponding delay on the part of Roland, who waa somewhat averse to plung ing with Edith up to the aaddle-girtha in mire, drew from him a very unmannerly, though net the less hearty, execration on the delicacy of 44 them thar persona who," as he expressed i., 41 stumped at a mud-hole aa skeerily m if every tadpole in it war a screeching Injun." Of this explosion of ill- temper Roland took no notice until he had, with the asabtanoe of Emperor, the negro, effeoted a safe passaga for Edith over the puddle, in the eeuree of which he had leieure to observe that the path now struck into a wide buffalo street that swept away through a wilderness #f wood and oane-hrake, in nearly a straight tine, for a con siderable distance. He observed, also, tbat the road looked drier and leas broken thaw usual, his satisfaction at whieh had the good effeot of materially abating the rage into which he hod been thrown by the uncivil bearing of the guide. Nevertheless, he had no sooner brought his kinswoman safely to land than, leaving her In the, charge of Emperor, he galloped up to the aide of his conductor, and gave vent to his indign&tfou; in the following pithy query: 44 My friend," said he, 44 will yon havo the goodness to , inform me whether you have ever lived in a land where courtesy to strangers, and kindness and respect to women, are ranked among the virtues of manhood?" The man replied only by a fierce end angry stare; and, playing the ribs of his horse with his hoole. he aasbed onwards. But Rol&bd; kept at his side, not doubting tbat a little more wholesome reproof would be of profit to the man, as well as advantageous to his own in terests. 41 1 ask that question," be continued, "be cause a man from each a land, eeeing strangers, and one of them a female, struggling in abog, would, instead of standiog upon diy land, making disrespectful remarim, have done his best to help them through it." "Str&unger;," said the man, drawing up his horse, and looking, notwithstanding his anger, as if he felt the rebuke to be in a measure just, 44 1 am neither hog nor dog, Injun nor out landish niggur, but a man— a man, strannger ! outside HTIli imMa. in firth, hlnnd- anA aran't jest as my Maker made me; though thar may be something of tho scale-bark and parsimmou about me, I'll not deny; for Pre heer'd ou it before. I axes the lady's pardon, if I've offended : and that's the eend on't." 44 The end of it," said Forrester, 44 will be much more satisfactory, if you give no further occasion for complaint. But now," he con tinued, Edith drawing nigh, 44 let ns ride on, and as fast as you tike ; for the road sect" both open and good." . " Strannger," said the guide, without budg ing an inch, "you have axed xne a question; 1 and, according to the fa'r rule of the woods, it's my right to ax you another. " 44 Vory well," said Roland, assenting to the justice of the rule: 44 ask it, and be brief." 14 What you war sayiug of the road is true : thar it goes, wide, open, cl'ar and straight, with as good a fence, on both sides of it, to keep iu Btragglers, as war ever made of ash, oak or chestnut rails,— though it'a nothing but a natteral bank of cane-brake : and so it ruua, jest sb cl'ar and wide, all the way to the river," 44 1 am glad to hear it,1 was the soldier's reply ; " but now for your question ?" 44 Hy'er it is," said tke man, flinging out his hand with angry energy: 44 1 want to ax of you, as a sodper, for I've heer'd you're of the reggelar sarvice, whether it's a wiser and more christian affa'r, when thar's Injuns in the laud, a murdering of your neighbors wives and children, and all the settlsment'a in a screech aud a cry, to send an able-bodied man to fight them ; or to tote him off, a day's journey thar and back agf'n, to track a road that a blind man on a bliod horse conld travel, without axing questions of anybody? Tbar's my ques tion," lie added, somewhat vehemently ; 4 4 and now let's have a eodger's answer !" 41 My good friend," said Roland, a little offended, and yet more embarrassed, by the in terrogatory, 44 nooe can tell better than your self bow mueh, or how little, occasion I may have for a guide. Your question, therefore, I leave you to answer yourself. If you think your duty calls yoo to abandon a woman in the wild woods, to such guidance as one wholly un acquainted with them can give, you can depart as soon as you think fit ; fur I cannot' The guide gave him ao time to finish the sentence. 44 You're right, etrannger," he cried; 44 that is your road, as plain aa tne way up a hickory, Voting to a camp of old friends and acquaintances, — and hy'ar is mine, running right slap among fighting Injuns !" And, with that, be turned his hone's head, aud, flourishing his right hand, armed with the ever constant nfie, above bis own, and uttering a whoop expressive of the wild pleasure he felt at being released from his Ignoble dnty, he dashed aorosi the pool, and galloped in a moment out of sight, leaving Rolana and his party confounded at the desertion. 44 An outlandish niggur!" muttered old Emperor, on whom this expression of the guide had produced no very favorable effect ; 44 guess the gemman white man is a niggur himself, and a rogue, aud a potater, or wbatsomerer you call em ! Le&b; a lady and a gemman loet in the woods, and neither take 'em on nor take 'em back!— lor-a-massy!" To tbie half - eoliloqoised expression of indigna tion. the soldier felt inclined to add a few bitter invectives of bis own ; bat Edith, treat ing the matter lightly, and affecting to be better pleased at tbe rude men'a absence then she had teen with his company, he abated his own wrath, and acknowledged that the deser tion afforded the beet proof of tbe safety of the road; since he oould not believe that the fellow, with all his roughness and inhumanity, would have been so base as to leave them, while really surrounded by difficulties. He remembered enough of Brace's description of the road, which he had taken care shonld be minute and exact, to feel persuaded that the principal obstructions were now over, and that, as the guide had eaid, there was no possibility of wandering from tbe path. Thcv had already travelled nearly half the distance to the river ; and, to accomplish the remainder, tbey had yet four hours of daylight. He saw no reason why they should not proceed alone, trusting to their good fate for a fortunate issue to their enterprise. To return to the fort, would be only to separate themselves further from tbeir friends, without ensuring them a better guide, or, indeed, any guide at all ; since it was highly probable tbsy would find it only occu pied by women ana children. In a word, he satisfied himself that nothing remained for him but to continue his journey, and trust to his own sagacity to end it to advantage. He set out accordingly, followed by Edith and Emperor ; the latter bringing up the rear in true military style, and( handling his rifle, as if almost desirous of finding an opportunity to use it in the service of his young mistress. In this manner they travelled onwards with but little interruption for more than a mile ; and Roland was beginning anxiously to look for the path tbat ted o the Lower Ford, when Emperor galloped to the van, and brought tbe party to a halt, by reporting that he heard the eouud of hoofs following at a distance behind. 44 Perhaps— perhaps," said Edith, with a gleam of her eye, shining with sadden pleasure, indicating how tittle real satisfaction she had felt at the desertion of their conductor— 44 perhaps, it is tbe sour fellow, the guide, coming back, ashamed of his misconduct." 44 We will eoon see," said Roland, turning his horse to recoonoitre ; a proceeding that was, however, rendered unnecessary by the hurried speed of the comer, who, dashing suddenly round a tend in the road, disclosed to his won dering eyes, not tbe tall frame and sullen aspect of the guide, but tbe lighter frame and fairer visage of the girl, Telie Doe. She wae evidently arrayed for -travel ; having donned her best attire of blue cloth, with a cap of tbe same color on her bead, under which her counte nance, beaming with exercise and anxiety, looked, in both Roland's and Edith's eyes, ex tremely pretty : much more so, indeed, than either bad deemed it to be ; while, secured be hind the cushion or pillion, on which she rode for not a jot of saddle had eho-— was a bundle containing such worldly comforts as were ne cessary to one seriously bent upon a journey. She was mounted upon a sprightly pony, which she managed with more address and courage than would have been augured from her former timorous demeanor; aud it was plain tbat Bbe had put him to bis mettle through the woods, with but little regard to the sloughs and puddles which bad eo greatly embarrassed tbe fair Edith. Indeed, it appeared that the exercise which had infused animation into her countenance, had bestowed a share also on her spirit ; for, having checked her horse an in- stant, ana looxea a utue aouoea xne suaaen sight of strangers, she recovered herself in a moment, and, riding boldly up, she proceeded, without waiting to be questioned, to explain the cause of her appearance. She had met tbe deserter, she said, returning to the station, aud thinking it waa not right tbe stranger ladv should be left without a guide in the woods, she had riddeu after her, to offer her swices. 44 It was at least somewhat surprising," Rolaud oould not avoid saying, 44 that the fellow Bhouldhave found you already equipt in the woods." At thiB inuendo Telie was somewhat em barrassed, but more so when, looking towards Edith, as if to address her reply to her, she caught the inquiring look of tbe latter, made still more expressive by the recollection which Edith retained of tke earnest entreaty Telie had made, the preceding night, to be taken into her service. 44 1 will not tell you a falsehood, ma'am," ehe said at last, with a firm voioe. 44 1 was not ou tbe road by chance; I oame to follow you. I knew the man you bad to guide you was unwilling to go ; and 1 thought he would leave you, as he has done. And besides, the road is not so clear as it seems ; it branches off to so many of tbe salt-licka, aud the tracks are so washed away by the rains that none but one that knows it oan be sure of keeping it long." "And how," inquired Edith very pointedly —for in hex heart - she suspected the little damsel was determined to! enter her tervic, whether she would or not, and had aetually xun away from her friends for the pnrpose- 44 bow, after yen have led us to our party, do you expeot to retain again to your friends ?" 44 If you will let aege with you as far ae Jackson's station (the settlement fit which it was originally determined tbe emigrants should pass the night) said the maiden humbly, 44 1 will find friends there who will take me home; and perhaps oar own people will come -for me, for they are often visiting about among the stations." Telie'e declaration, made in a tone that con vinced Edith the girl had given over all hopes of being received into her protection, unless she oould remove opposition by the services she conld render on the way, pointed out also aa easy method of getting nd of her when a sepa ration should be advisable, and thus removed the only objection she felt to acoept the grofferea guidance. Aa for Roland, however, e expressed much natural reluctance to drag a young and inexperienced female eo far from her home, leaving her afterwards to return as she might But he perceived that het presence gave courage to his kinswoman ; he felt that her acquaintance with the path was more to be relied upon than his own sagacity ; and he knew not, if he even rejected her offered ser vices altogether, how he could with any grace communioate the refusal, and leave ber aban doned to her own discretion in the forest. He felt a tittle inclined at first to wonder at tbe interest she seemed to have taken in his cousin's welfare, but by-anl-bye he reflected that perhaps, after ail, her motive lay in no better make her way to the neighboring station (twenty miles make but a neighborly distance in the wilderness) to enjoy a frolic among ber gadding acquaintance. This reflection ended toe struggle in hie mind, and turning to her with a smiling countenance he said, 44 If you are 80 sure of getting home, my pretty maid, you may be as certain we will be glad of your company and guidance. But let ub delay no longer." The girl, starting at these words with alacrity, switched her pony, and darted to the I head of tbe little party, as u addressing herself to do her duty in a buBiness-tike way, and there she maintained her position with great zeal, although Roland and Edith endeavored, for kindness' sake, to make her sensible they desired her to ride with them as a companion, and cot at a distance, like a pioneer. The faster they spurred, however, tbe more zealously she applied her switch ; aud her pony being both spirited and fresh, while tbeir own' horses were both not a little the worse for their long journey, she managed to keep in front, main- tuining a gait that promised :u a sh-. rt lime to bring them to tbe banks of the river. Thej had ridden perhaps a mile iu this manner, when u euddeii opening In iho caue- brake on the right hand, at a place where sto.id a beech-tree, riven by u thunderbolt in former years, but Btill spreading iis shattered ruins in the air, convinced Roland that he had at last reached the road to the Lower Ford, which Brace had bo strictly cautioned hiin to avoid. What, therefore, was his surprise, when Telie, having reached the tree, turned at one into tbe bye-road ; leaving the direet path which they had so long pursued, and which still swept sway before them, as spacious and uninter rupted, save by occasional- pools, as ever. 44 You are wrong," be oried, checking his steed. 44 This is the road, sir/' said the girl, though in some trepidation. 44 By no means," said Forrester, 44 that path leads to the Lower Ford ; here is the shivered beech, which the colonel described te tne." 44 Yes, sir," said Telie, hurriedly ; 44 it is the mark ; they call it the Crooked Finger-poet." 44 Andaurookedro&ditistike; to lead ««, If we follow it," eaid Roland. 44 It leads to the Lower Ford, and is not therefore our road. I remember the Colonel's direction." 44 Yes, sir," arid Telle, anxiously, — 44 to take the beach on the right shoulder, and then down four miles, to the water." 44 Frecisely so," said the soldier; 44 with only this difference (for, go which way you will, the tree being on the right side of each path, we must still keep it on the right shoulder) that the road to the Upper Ford, which I am now travelling, is the one for our purposes. Of I am confident." 44 And yet, Roland, said Edith, somewhat alarmed at this difference of opinion, where unanimity was so mnch more desirable, 41 the young woman should know best." 44 Yos !" cried Telie, eagerly ; 44 1 hive lived here almost seven years, and been across the river aa many more times. This is the shortest and safest way." 44 It may be both the shortest and safest," B&id; Forrester, whose respect for tbe girl's knowledge of the woods and ability to guide him through them, began to te vastly dimin ished: 4 4 but this is the road Mr firuce described. Of this I am positive ; and to mate the matter more certain, if need be, here are horse-tracks, freeh, numerous, scaroely washed hy the rain, and undoubtedly made by our old companions ; whereas that path seems not to have been trodden for a twelve-month." 44 1 will guide you right," faltered Telie, with anxious voice. "My good girl," said the soldier, kindly, hut positively, 44 you must allow me to doubt your ability to do that — at least, on the path. Here is our road; and we must follow it.' - He resumed it, as he spoke ; aud Edith, con quered by his arguments, which seemed decisive, followed him : but. looking beck, after having proceeded a few eteps, she saw the baffled guide still lingering on the rejected path, a nd wringing her hands with grief and disappointment. 44 You will not remain behind ub?" said Edith, riding back to her : 44 You see my cousin is positive : you must surely be mis taken?" 44 1 am not mistaken," said the girl, earnestly; 44 and, oh ! he will repent that he ever took us own way through this forest." 44 How can that bo? What cause have you to say so?" 44 1 do not know," murmured the damsel, in woeful perplexity ; 44 but— but sometimes the road is dangeroas." 44 Sometimes all roads are so," said Edith, her patience failing, when she found Telie could give no better reason for ber opposition. 44 Let us continue ; my kinsman is waiting ub. and we must lose no time by delay." With these words, she again trotted forward ; and Telie, after hesitating a moment, thought fit to follow. But now the animation that had, a few minutes before, beamed forth in every look and gesture of the maiden, gave place to dejec tion of spirits, and even, as Edith thought, to alarm. She seemed as anxious now to linger in the rear, as she had been before to preserve a bold position in front. Her eyes wandered timorously from brake to tree, as if in fear leat each ebould conceal a lurking enemy ; and often, as Edith looked back, she was struck with the singularly mournful and distressed ex pression of her countenance. CHAPTER YIII. The symptom of anxiety and alarm affected Edith's own spirits; they did more,— they shook her faith in the justice of her kinsman's conclusions. His arguments in relation to the road were, indeed, unanswerable ; and Telie had offered none to weaken them. Yet why should she betray such distress, if they were upon the right oue? and why, in fact, should she not be supposed to know both the right and the wrong, Bince she had, as she said, frequently travelled both r These questions Edith could not refrain ask ing of Roland, who professed himself unable to answer them, unless by supposing the girl had become confused, as he thought was not im probable, or had, in reality, teen 60 long absent from the forest, as to have forgotten its paths altogether ; which was likely enough, as she seemed a very simple-minded, inexperienced creature. 44 But why need we," he said, 44 trouble ourselves to find reasons for the poor girl's opposition P Here are the tracks of our friends, broader and deeper than ever ; here they wind down into the hollow ; and there you may see where they have floundered iuiuuu w»i> tiio puui. Mini ia eu(i rarpia, where they crossed it. A horrible quagmire! But courage, my fair cousin ; it is only such difficulties aa these which the road can lead us into." Such were the expressions with which the youDg soldier endeavoured to reassure his kins woman's courage, her own confidence remaining still unmoved ; although, in secret, he felt somewhat surprised at the coincidence between the girl's recommendations of the bye- road and tbe injunctions of his morning dream. But while pondering over the wonder, he had arrived at the quagmire alluded to, through which the difficulties of conducting his couBin were sufficiently great to banish other matters for a moment from his mind. Having crossed it at lsst iu safety, he paused to give such in« siructions or assistance as might be needed bv his two followers; when Edith, who had halted at Jiis side, suddenly lsid her hand on his arm, and exclaimed, with a visage of terror,— 4tIi»rk, Roland! do youhear? Whatisthst?" 4 H'.irc bun, roassa!" ejaculated Emperor, from thu middle of the bog, with voice still more quavering than the maiden's, and lips rapidly changing from Spanish-brown to clayey-yellow ; ,4 heard him, massa! Reckon it's un Iniua ! lorra-moaay !" 44 Peace, fool," cried Forrester, tending Jiis looks from the alarmed oounbenanoe of his kins woman, to the quarter whence had prooeeded the sound which had so suddenly etruok terror into her bosom. 44 Hark, Rrd&ud; ! it rises again !" she ex- el aimed ; aad Roland now distinctly heard a sound, in the depth of the forest, to the right hand, u of tho jell of a human being, but at a great ditnoo off. At the place which they had reached, the canes and undergrowth of ether Made had disappeared ; and a wide glade, stretching over hill and hollow, swept away from both sides of the Voad, farther tliim the eye could see. The trees, standing wider apart than usual, were, ff possible, of a more majestic stature; their wide and massive tops were so thickly interlaced, that- not a single sunbeam found its way among the gloomy arcades below. A wilder, more solitary, and more awe-inspir ing spot Roland had not before seen ; and it was peculiarly fitted to add double effect to sights and sounds of a melancholy or fearful character. Accoifl- ingly, when the cry was repeated, as it boou was, though at the eam'e distance as before, it came echoeing among the hollow arches of the woods, with a wild and almost unearthly cadence, tbe utterance, as it seemed, of mortal agony and despair, that breathed a secret horror through the breasts of all. 44 It is the JifabenamoBay !' muttered the shivering Telie ; 44 these are the woode he used to range inmost; and they say be screams after his prey ! It is not too late— let us go back !" 44 An Injun, massa!" said the Emperor, stuttering with fright, and yet proceeding to handle bis arms, and to give encouragement to his young mistress, which his age and privileged character, as well as the urgency of it.. t. J- . ul »A i>uo vwwuuu, cuuueu iiiui u; uu , - uwi i UC afraid miesie Edie ; nebber mind ; ole Em peror will fight and die for miesie, old massa John'e daughter !" 44 Hist !f said Roland, as another scream rose on the air, louder and more thrilling thau before. 44 It is tbe cry of a human being !" said Edith, 44 of a man in distress !" 44 It is, indeed," replied the soldier— 44 of a man in great peril, or suffering. Remain here on the road ; and if anything — Nay, if you will follow me, it may be better ; but let it be at a distance. If anything happens to me, est Spurs to yOur horses; Telie can at least lead you back to the fort." With these words, and without waiting to hear the remonstrances, or remove the terrors, of his companions, the young man turned bis horse in tbe wood, and, guided by the cries, which, were almost incebS&ut;, soon found him self iu the vicinity of the place from which tbey proceeded. It w&s; a thick growth of l>o»cbe?, of the colossal growth of the west, the<r stems as tali and straight as the pines of th Allesbomes, and tbeir boughs, arched aud pendulous like those of the elm, almost sweeping the earth below, over which they cast shadows so dark that scarce anything was .visible beneath them, save their hoary and spectral trunk. As Roland, followed br the little party, ap proached this spot, the cries of the unknown, and as yet unseen, sufferer, fearful even at a distance, grew into tbe wildest 6hrieks of fear, mingled with groans, howls, broken prayers and execrations, and b\lf-inarticu1ate expres sions. uow of fondling entreaty, now of tierce and frantic command, that seemed addressed to a second person hard by. A thousand stxange'and appalling conceits had crept into Roland's mind, when he first he had stumbled upon a gang of savages, who were torturing a prisoner to death ; another moment, he thought the yells must proceed from some qnlncky hunter, perishing by inches in the grasp of & wild beast, perhaps a bear or Entber, with which animals it was easy to he re the forest might abound. With anch horrible fancies oppressing his mind, his sur prise may be imagined, when, having cocked his rifle and thrown open his hoUters, to he pre pared for the worst, he rushed into the grove, and beheld a spectacle no more formidable than was presented by a single individual, — a man In a shaggy blanket coat,— sitting on horseback under one of the most venerable of the beeches, and otteriog those diabolical outcries tbat had alarmed the party, for no imaginable purpose, as Roland was at first inclined to suspect, unless for his own private diversion. A second look, however, convinced tbe soldier thai the wretched being had sufficient cause for his clamour ; being in truth, in a situation almost as dreadful as any Roland had imagined. His arms were pinioned behind his back, and his neck secured in a halter (taken, asitempeared, from hie steed), by which he wax fastened to a large hough immediately above his head, with nothing betwixt hfm ana death, save the the horee on whieh he sat, — & young and terrified beast, at whose slightest start or motion, he must have swung off and perished, while he possessed no means of re straining the animal whatever, except Buch aa lay in strength of leg and virtue of voice. In this terrible situation, it was plain, be had remained for a considerable period, hxa clothes and hail (for his het had fallen to the ground) bring saturated with nun ; while his lace, purple with blood, hie eyes swollen aad pro- traaing from their orbits, with a most ghastly look or agony and fear, showed how often the uneasiness of Ms horse, round whose body hia legs ware wrapped with the convulsive energy ot despair, baa Drought him to the very verge of strangulation. Tbe yells of mortal terror, for snch they had beeo, with which he had so long filled the forest, were changed to shrieks of rapture, as .... .. V. — -V AU. BUUU M UC UWBIU ilCIJJ ttppiUWU Ul U1B JltUBUU of the astonished soldier. 41 Praised be the Etarnai !" he roared; 44 cut me loose, strannger !— Praised be the Etarnai, and this here dumb beast ?— Cut me loose strannger, for the love of God!" Such was Roland's intention ; for which pur pose he had already clapped his hand on his sabre, to employ itin service more humane than any it had previously known ; when un fortunately, the voice of the fellow did what his distorted countenance had failed to do, and re vealed to Roland's indignant eyes the author of all his present difficulties, the thief of the pin fold, tne robber of Brown Briareus— in a word, the redoubtable Captaiu Ralph Stackpole. In a moment, Roland understood the mystery which be had been before too excited to inquire into. He remembered the hints of Bruce ; and he had learned enough of border customs and principles, to perceive that the justice of the woods had at last overtaken the horse-thief. The pursuing party had captured him— taken him in the very manner, while still in possession of the 44 two-year-old pony," and at once adjudged him to the penalty prescribed by the ' border code— tied his arms, noosed him with the baiter of the stolen horse, and left him to swing, as soon as the animal should be tired of supporting him. There was a kind of dreadful ooetical justice in thus making the stolen horse Ihe thief's executioner ; it gave the animal itself opportunity to wreak vengeance for all wrongs received, aad at the same time allowed his captor the rare privilege of galloping on his back into eternity. Such was the mode of settling such offences against the peace and dignity of the settle ments ; such was the way in which Stackpole had been reduced to his unenviable situation ; and that all passers-by might take note that the execution hod not been done without authority, there were painted upon the smooth white hark of the tree, in large black letters, traced by a finger well charged with moistened gun-powder, ' the ominous name— Judob Lynch— the Rhada- man thus of the forest, whose decisions are yet respected in the land, and whose authority sometimes bids fair to supersede that of ail erring human tribunals. Thus tied up, his rifle, knife aud ammunition laid under a tree hard by, that he might have tbe satisfaction, if e&tistAction; it could be, of knowing they were in safety, the executioners bad left him to his fate, and ridden away, long since, to attend to other important affairs of the colony. Tbe moment that Roland understood in whose service he wae drawing his sword, a change came over the spirit of his thoughts and feelings; aud he returned it very composedly to its sheath— much to the satisfaction of the uegro, Emperor, who, recognising the unfor- 44 'Top m&eaa; ! 't ar Captain Stackpole, what stole Brown Briery ! Reckon I'll tonch the pony on the rib, hah ! Hanging too good for him. white niggah t'iof, hah !" With tbat, theiucensed negro made as if he would have driven the pony from under the luckless Ralph, but was prevented by his master, wbo, taking a second survey of the spectacle, motioned to the horror-struck females to retire, ?nd prepared himself to follow them 44 Tarual death to yon, captain ! you won't leave me?" cried Ralph, in terror. "Honor bright! Help him that needs help— that's the rule for a christian!" 44 Villain!" said Roland, sternly, 44 1 have no help to give you. You are strung up according to tne laws of the settlements, with which 1 have no desire to interfere. I am the last man you should ask for pity." 44 1 don't ax your pity, 't&rnal; death t6 me, I ax your help!" roared Ralph: 44 Cut me loose is the word, and then sw'ar at me alter ! I stole you hoss thar: — well, whar'a the harm? Didn't he fling me, and kick me, and bite me into the bargain, the cursed savage ? and arn't you got him ag'in as good as ever? And teeides, didn't that etamal old Bruce fob me off with a beast good for nothing, and talk big to me besides ? and waxm't that &H; fa'r provo cation? An didn't you yourself sw'ar ag'in shaking paws with me, and treat me aeill war no gentleman? 'Taraal death. to me, cut me loose, or I'll haunt yon, when Fin a ghost, I will, 'tarnal death to me!" . 44 Cut him down, Roland, for haaven'sapkei arid Edith, whom the surprise and terror dftbe spectacle at flrtt rendered speechless: 44 you surely— no, Roland, von surely can't mean .to leave him to perish ?" 44 Upon my soul," said the soldier, ond we are sorry to record a speech repreienting him is a light bo unami&ble;, 44I don't eee what right I have to release h»'«n ; and I really have not the least inclination to do eo. The reseat is the cause of all our difficulties ; and, if eril should happen us, he will be the cauee of that too. Bat for him, we should he now safe with our party. And besides, as I eaid before, he is hanged according to Kentucky law ; a very good law, aa far aa it regards horse-thieves, for whom hanging is too fight a punishment," 44 Nevertheless, release him, save the poor wretch's life," reiterated Edith, to whom Stack- pole, perceiving in her his only friend, now addressed the most piteous cries and suppli cations; 44 the law is murderous, its makers and executioners barbarians. Save him, Roland, I charges you, I entreat you !" 44 He owes his life to your intercession,' said the soldier; sal, drawing his sabre again,' but with no apparent good will, he divided the halter by which Ralph was suspended, and the wretch wae free. 14 Cot the tug, the buffalo-tug!" shouted tbe culprit, thrusting hia arms aa fur from his back as he could, and displaying the thong of hiion- slrin, which his straggles had almost buried in his flesh. A single touch of the steel, rewarded oy sucu a yell ox transport as was never imore heard in thos savage retreats, sufficed to sever the bond ; and, Stackpole, leaping on the earth, began to testify his joy in modes as novel aa they were frantic. Mis first act was to fling his arms around the neck of hia steed, which he hugged aad kissed with the most rapturous affection, doubtless in requital of the docility it had shown when docility wae eo necessary to its rider's life; his second, to leap half- a-dozen times into the tur, feeling hia uecfc all the time, and uttering the moet singular and vociferous cries, ae if to make double trial of the condition of his windpipe; bis third, to brawl aloud, directing the important question to the soldier, 44 How many days hu it been since they hanged me? War it to-day, or yes terday, or the day before ? or war a whole year ago? for may I be next hung to the bora of a buffalo, instead of the limb of a beech-tree, if I didn't feel as if I had been squearing thar ever since the beginning of creation 1 Cock-a-doodle- doo ! him that arn't horn to be hanged, won't be hanged, nohow!" Then running to Edith, who s&t; watching his prooeedinga with silent amazement, he flung himself on his knees, seized the hem of her riding- habit, which he kissed' with tbe fervor of au adorer, exclaiming, with a vehement sincerity thatmade the whole action' still more strangely ludicrous 44 Oh! you splen diferous creator' ! you augeHferou angel ! here am I, Ralph Stackpole the Screamer, that can whip all Kentucky, white, black, mixed, and Injun; aud I'm the mas to go- with you to the ends of tbe arth, to fight, die, work, beg, and steal bosses fox you I I am, and you may make a little dog of me ; you may, er a niggur. or a hose, or a door-post, or a dinner — 'tarnal death to me. butyou may eat me ! Pm the man to feel a favor, partickelarty when it comes to helping me out of a halter ; and au jist say the word who shall I lick, to begin on. to go with youv as I said before, to the ends of the 'arth, and the length of Kentucky over!" 44 Away with you. you scoundrel mod jacka napes," said Roland, for to tbia ardent expres sion of gratitude Edith was herself too much frightened to reply. 44 Stranuger !" cried tbe offended horse-thief. 44 you cat toe tar, and you cat tbe ; ana so. though yoa did it only on hard axing, I'd. take as many hard words of yoa as yoa can pick out of a dictionary— I wul 'tarnal destfx to me. But as for madam, thar, the angel, she saved my life, and I go to death in her sarrioe ; and qow'b the time to show service, for thar's- danger abroad in the foreet." 41 Danger I" echoed Roland his anxiety haniahing the difigUSt With Which he WOS BO mnch inclined to regard the worthy home- thief ; 44 what makes you say that F" 44 Strannger," replied Ralph, with a length ened vissage and a gravity somewhat but-. prising for him, 41 1 seed tbe Jlbbentinoaay! 'tarnal death to me but I seed him, as plain an ever I Eeed old Salt ! I war a-hangtpg thar, and squeaking and ousting, and talking soft nonsense to the pony, to iceep him out of hia. tantrums, when what should I see but a great creator' come tramping through toe forest, right off yonder by tbe fallen oak, with a big b'ar before him " 44 Pish !" said the soldier, 44 what has this to do with danger ?' 44 Beca'se and because," said Ralph, when ynn see the Jibbeuainosay, thar's always ah- tergynes (aborigines) in the eovec. 1 never seeathe critter before, but I reckon it war ha, for thar's nothing like him tonatorV kedso I'm for cutting out of the forest jist ootba track of a streak of lightning— now hy'yar nowthar, but on a full xun witoontttorexng. And so, if anngeliferous madam is willing, thump me round the 'arth with a crab-apple, tf I don't help her out of the bushes, and do all tbe fighting into the bargain— I will, 'tarnal death to me !" 44 You may go about your burin ess," eaid Ronald, with as much sternness ae contempt. 44 We will have none of your base company. - 44 Whoop whoo, whoo, wheo 2 don't rifle (to rifle— to ruffle) me, for I'm dangerous !'. yelled the demi- barharian, springing on his stolen horse, and riding np to Edith, 41 Say thewerd,tnarm,"he cried, 44 for I'll fight fox you, or ran for yon, take soalp or cut stick, shake fi&t; or show leg, anything in reason or out of reason. Strannger, thar's as brash (brash, —rash, headstrong, over-valiant) aa a new hound in a b'ar fight, or a young bore in a cornfield, and no safe friend in & forest. Say the word, marm, or if you. think it ar'nt man ners to speak to a stranger, jist shake your little finger, and I'll follow yoa like a dog, and. do you a dog's service. Or, if yoadon/tjike me say the word, or shake t'other finger, end. 'tarnal death to me, but Til be off like an silk of the prairies!" - . , 44 You may go," eatd Edith, not at all solicitous to retain a follower of Stackpole'a character and conversation; 44 we have no occasion for yeur assistance." I 44 Farewell !" said Ralph, and turning and, giving his pony a thump with his fist and a- kick with each heel, aad ottering a shrill whoop, he darted away through the foreet, and was eoon oat of sight. tTO BB CONTINUED.) 