Supplement to the "Broadford Courier," Zbe "Flational Itssociatioln., .? ?_.* -- -.: ANNUAL GENERAL MEEIING OF MEMBERS HELD .AT The MASONIC HALI, MELBOURNE, FEBRUARY 24, 1892. Rerinted from "The Arglus" of Th/rsda', Februaryn 25, 1892. The mtlnher ollr ti' .11tion:l .lste ietilon u|:|te their annual meetiln, Whichl was hehd el..t tight in the i"renasol s-hllnl, rtlilt tr tenll represtn:aties of the ( lointr) put" allld the neItly f'-hrlti \'oung Victorian l'atrottic Lbeaue joining forces with themn for that piuitse. Kee'n interest was taken illn ithe proceedinh.s, and cou.iher ably before S a.elock the hall was crolel. both as regalrds tihe litter space anl the gai+ leries. The sice-chairman of the asisociatio n. Mr. i. S. Inglis, presidel in thte an?cuce through illness of the presllent. Mr..lnames Mladrlougall. le was suplported Iy a illmlll ler of getkitfuten, amlllg thetl bteing t?1r, J. II. P'attrrstt. M.L.A... Mr. it. Murray Smith, MIr. .lanes Campbell. IMr. E. Langtin, Mr. It. Harper, 31.L.A., Mr. L. LI. Smith, 31.L.A., Mr. .JI. M. Itruce, iMr. . Knox, Ir. 11. uit er, 11r..I.G. 11'.Wilmot. Mr. . Miller, \Mr. II. It. 31'lGr.egor. h. I'. E. .ohnhsten, MIr. E. liowett. Mr. F." llefhen, .1l .1. Buchan. Mr. . 1. S. King. 3Mr. .1. t'atto. !r. C. 11. a?.I.e )Mr. G. i. i'r~,lin. Mr. I'..1'. Kta.t:itg. Mr. I.. KIb, hle. i 'The Cn.llalll:.e sahl ti"f ,.l.e tle tt it night as al nasuciati,,u in co.ulfortit itu tlthi Ih their rule whiece fteided t th, n att.it I meeting shoul he hehl in February.t They h:s heen I ,nly serve mointlh in exisltence, but lit e'. euril of the atsoI eiatilt n a lid ti lely dtet einarl that, in-t stead of iaing a e lI futiual meell'ting for t e plllrer' atin of a reptrt, they w 1u hl in lite sl u illof the lwlt protllinentll poli!:,.a IGte pr ind'ent i it"l.ti2 ý' ineo..it agitate t ""ir milins at fi+ ;:Ie?orm tertiol. (tbleer-) It was tr lre regreat "i that their presi, ent (.1t..l:J s .1htcadrugttl) toas absent throulgh ill ss: . Lut he (the chairman( ftilt pMen l-? to preside over su large ailt in" 11Inentill n mwting'. Ile trusted that a fair hearit:rg wo-atI Ire gitven to all the seaklelr . (lher. hI ar). This was af time of importance when it ,'who+<od every oman who had the it?,trrest of the colony at heart to take one l ioellil tolt er. (It tar, w n 4i. lie n tier it. o tlllt h ip t hilllo f helol lI ,it:_ spol i : I -hlJ ' i ii,." t l il t a ittn cc 't ;.i. op .. il j ltc +In u etl . ll h it h h elHe lln it ae+ l. Th I i' ll t ll ithiti ol SI' t ol' llr < onl lll. lluia t t irllhs ilr." i h eo Ilelllt t1xa ttitie It eaintete the a l wi thec the a il t tit cotha e e.I . I t Iaullre but hI roha e tnlla |st ie. Trh, i+ Clilt, oia U .uelu t, TIise ct lllia ?o< hiilldi ilti :O.ll ,, all,[ that o11" j ir ?eulint e |13ir ltIt'i 'tic". l i t| l. erth ic ievt hlue?ctl i dlie". I al k flto a lroll. Tll. It s ur thel r t i hll ,I, *iI t h eiit' WtI e I'ng l elltl in lthe lairet atak ai t i fe t hlie l lil riht. liis' , i uti I t c hI alut t, hea Ip - thet it'll+ iair luil albet iltea e .l : eatoli to e? l cri l·ll l'h ls 'lllh1111ite(dll cll l Illts. tt ,, t .liI tie I. lonTP a It I · the 11iii ':alii cull t ct e tai rituiell of w r .i t t ll ti i l' tIII ( (. till r. 1' all illi flt i" ll l?l -... " lllit a lit it recluit e+tit+ to. Thy 'he'.'" had toalsocn ir net then di-Iuaotnd tahe "tr?aoa of hriam r thal, lnlu ., it tiC t a t lt"iutt h. rlut ll lla l right ha tite, but he coutll teetre lit cin thatu iell tat ?t rit l i tale l t ,utIt etioli atI that tar thdla t iee , a a r -ei . l c on tit lith (Cheer hh.r I i t h Iw The mttiona trsaeit eec.?CeOll hi. Mr. "I.. ,ltthileti, tutd ecarritad ulcltaccuicc.il. RiESTOPRATIOX Op 1WLTi(' CiREDIT . iMr. .. IB. lA vrrl.tItat, 11. L... who ,w','as rue cei aed witah ttlahittiit( tehauti,.l ttlvd titlaeir t res!tauti+ti . 'lit'ii"it l alt( i ct Itti ctt' i ilelrtto hatte they deslireid t. et. relitc..llIted fir thi. text three.yta l tat?ati l ii ttttlcat, l'carlici ntitit itscelfdid ia t Ity latay iticll?ci eet't:ieortaa reit euatait it..t intlheatauef that l'aeliiaut fclft gt)..i tr ill. 'lts,.. Iligiut ise Otls} seetioli. tult gttaopal i a rttic , ; but. ill lht .opil iau , the cictral atieid tlitii t etr till ts s that tlhiri l w alel t tc listilet tcirties ii. this a ttiuuttatity. I it ititt ice regtriletl iii lil art" cl crlier (hccal'. itear)--whi,.h. Ile':,,rlijt d to th. lIwii ie c atuature iiai lilatd t ihe lt ,ii it i1s u axiaaeiai.l{.I led ta tlttintll proiperiity. (Chtiers. I The other parts, icy ie tachiig, eats ju slty antitiled ito Ietli'ci the iart. of altatrehli. (Ctheers atil il:t.rriptiJiii. Sulch ti.;Ic ivf. [,Ct c,) illucl *h,,':ty. .( hteers not .1N,, n1-. ? Th?,y 'un haIdl a tltttr cx?.p? rie .If th+ urrogInce :,IIIT 1IIuI Irli lar el t Il phlc ri liti l '. il lll i 1 . Ic .i no-i which had rip,.na, |int a Ipubli?' ril..llct i-r lth ither, uicl ticy hiud tiht uni[\antallge of knlowinll whatl \vak wa'ntedt forll the i?ud of the camicilutmity il3 d what w.s nlit icitilltl. No'lO Waiv the tillill tol spi'k oI(lt ilhinly lnli fur public Imetit t . aUcert whllt llt'y mlli.illl Jil c oulh u?ilt ullt ii fcw thttings tihtlt we di- 1 tot tiitu L CMr 1i,! ntllItwant al cltinuti1ol o the prelstll tfer cltiltl litir hi. cr tio llllllt It, lidcilt willt\'r o if y let i c ii t it racl t our illl - Ilrtll.(lie.. (lf rt.t illtit i cliirolr titS lilll Ii, it c Il h lt fosteIl r ciiil fI rtin- trin~i O Il llt l llllioct. i ill hi. titltluilti Iu i ly, ilt tr.I I\l' lid lin t wat riit lto Ic),IIII+, tlher t all ih.' ral i?hi.' u dll sC hirki. hllilit t i r?f· i veu . i1 hel rsl..) \f'e did nlit+ wi+'lnt It incr"l'lalie thle \\+lli7 lllll.t:l+ tilt nI(nl(iC lll,;'ll'--II ]ii1:1111·1i lt cvltr I rln lll' iu ti· il tict iu. t'Ih' l. t o l l 'ieicls Ilcittitti' I-try plalll it11 11,~1an l cf c iiiiiicii II oi|' l .t I ltto id Illlt t lI ICurlitiy o l ftiII m.1\ '1r the gowi rnmel t l filt'Il is ! 1 (I I I ta(tifUl ecuntry til l Iillt tl lli.olitif ttla'd 4iltl IIie?e hidllln u ilc th llll t'llc el i. l're liirecilse hei'it ...i itThatl ll r pi.c Cr lll a tpikii i rthrlllrlbly iill iti'lr kig ll. i il u, lit h ci.) ctlili l |ii thu iiircratctiuiccu'it 91k;111) Iier.~ ih eluju l rlihul ol c sitk jf ?(iiit thihn wit dil iC iII. \fet l\'aitei' to rstorel~t |llol perltyli% hi this a Inill cillili, lil acit li il" lllut WIT wih cuc Icwn llolite. ,I he+<rs.)+ \le wi'r,' r'e'olved+, to authirilltc ti ll i iot. C cin. ht ic antid cltiiecliiutie tfe inituviiir flt ll tttiliii i ii racli fl t tiit i i i' lli't l C ilcc ciiit ti1 ln ii+ l''l ', i li ii t ci. li lih ii ttiiiii~ t cc thit ou treaireouc ii micit cci Itirilop ilfl cihr pdtluut? i tiicrd. The ot il Iisr +hi gaiilnt cihi of Ih, dili, thds,. w 1 uoii iiliihf lii to thit+ C hi S h'ir'to dhiv+ • it a l t it i t l l. ,ut, i r y . T h lru f i n w ia t 'lti lh m In i b phiii i iful i ii .tit Ir iti ul'T li hltil i irii?ii.01 iiliru chly iiakd t p rii a t t eiti i ri i i ilt i ih , l'ti ll l l tiioi i o f " ' t'a+.?. ft+hi'er'?.; he mightli .'liy furllther" a~lthou;;h hie trulste, hisl Iltriend. Mr'. ,?lirls. wouldll inot be it"tllendeld thatt thltey waitlied It tic i l' litii t ith i pir itittulilt ti ilr o t icyura, tf, uiruivh that if 1oi s wichrut citc" tii the rtijn. i .tur' tii .Ini itutihg ito climhii t ha+| lllt Ipoli,'+, a thx'~i illrninen, waiit wistiitdl \ ith biackboniile tol e'n1"1" it oult. I\\+1 had haid Ilo tiimernltllnll hin tii+ coIlistry sinicl the' lira| we'elk in .Iutlnari.5, ituli iiow tht+ I'remlier,+ it was anotheritativelly .?ratll. wo'ldth imiakt nio .? ieteih Uillill the' Ilh Mirc}|, Thint wa'is flhourinll Ithe Ceminanlinty. Close~ oi till i1ay! oif the? genleratl telecltionl we't knlllw ntinhhg of the Ip?licy of the+ nmn in1 poi!+r, and therefore the other parties had to make up a policy outside the Government, anld that was radically unconstitutional. (Cheers.) le haod given them something like what lie called his confession of faith, and hlie re garded that meeting as something like a triple alliawce to give a guarlnltee of peace and security for the future. (Cheers.) Ill the ranks he saw before him there were ohl heals of wisdom and experience, antl there were young men of vigour and intellect. (Cheers.) An\d therefore they welcomed to this meeting the Victoriar patriotic youngsters. (Cheers.) The country party were the practical party of progress in this country. They desired to foster and encourage agricultural anll horti cultural, mininlg, and nmanutacturing in dustries to the utmost, and if it was desired togain the fivour of the farmer it wouhl he necessary to recognise his lai cli and treat him justly in matters both of legislation and adlministmtion. (Cheers.) The National Association inscribed on its iilner the words dear to the British nice everywhere, viz., " FreeLdom and PersPonal Liberty." (lcheers.) The Young Victorian Patriotic party unfurled the Ilag of patriotism. With patriotism the progress of these colonies needl know no bounds. With these three sections or parties combined for good, what advance mentwe woul Ihave here! Atil if united to re sist tile poisoned doctrines being taught--the deadening influence of which was not known to those who prescribeil the tiaison--these parties, soconsolidkated, coul take into their ranks men from every walk of life. A great de al had ieei said about the "one man one vote." It ran trippingly on the tongue like the prattle of the parrot, tand a great mlany were caught by the music who knew nothinlg about the matter. As the result of one vote we had these hInn-working labouring men like his logical friend .Mr. Trenwith in P'arlia ment, the bluffl Mr. Hlancock, and the spruce and kind-hearted .Mr. Maloney. (Laughter.) And yet rounl the city of Melbourne and the suburbs froml the lips of these men who were conltinually clitnouring for one man one vote we had many other vain conceits. lThe thing itself was not so ver" badl at the proper time, but it came, like iilhulet's ghost, itt such a questionable shape that we had only to speak to it, awl, dependl upon it, it would vanlishi away. If ever there was a time when we were called ulpon in the inl terests of this colony to lint our minds together, to put the national train on patriotic nils, that time was now, and the coming struggle would not la the enlld ut the beginning. (Cheers.) The general elec tions would introdluce into Parliament a l number of young men, a numherof new men, and he trusted to see a higher and nobler political life, because we had been drifting anld drifting, and men hod become indifferent to the great interests of the colony, till at last we hegan to iook to some hero, or some I patent medicine, for rescue. 'IiThat was a re flection upon our common sense. life felt convinced that if tthey presented themselves before the public under the standard of pro- T gress, freedlom, and liblerty, nodl if the three 1 parties combilned, the public woull not ihe , oppealed to in vain. lie was glal to see this lare gathlering. 11e was gl1 tha:t public feeling was aroused. In anmee and other countries the great chalne was that the best men did not comle forannt. 'Those men welte ashamed to face a matter of this kinl, which t was not a simple lmatter. 'these menil did tnot care to present themselves blefre public criticism. lie was pleased and delightedl to he present at tils great gaithering, aodl lie I hid much pleasure iln sulbittintg tile fol lowing resolution : "That this meeting regards it as imperatie for the restoration of industrial prosperity that the j credit of the colollny should be strengtherlsed, and with this oblect advocates such increasl taxation, coupled with general retrenchmllent, as iill Idlae tile finces on a thoroughly ound hasis and justify a moderato expenditure on rellroductlive public I works." i (Cheers.) Mr. LJ?uIcm?nsy SiSrith, who was receivedl Swith chers, seconded the resolution. Mr. IattersI hald dealt so Ibradly ian com prehenseely with the general quIetion in volved i the foundation and progr.ss of the Natiionil Association that he proposed, in followittn:that gentleman, to address hitm self chily to the tinntcial details of the resolutio, whlich appeartdl to him to lie a series oflretty well indisputable p)ropositions. Hle suplplsed no one would deny that credit was absdutely t'ress:lr for the proigress of any lnew country. it proo ltion as the Snattural csources of ally lnew country were great, tltd in proportion to tthe elnery and activity ri its inhabitants, was the nei?ssity for oppeiting to olher countrie-r fir a supply of that neiessary capital witholut which these resources could not be utilised i.r that energy demonstnted. It wasldesiralethat thalsupply of capital should be judicious, constant. andl liberal. Wtith regard to the judliciousness f that supply Sir Grlham Berry in his rentarlks the other day seemed to think that the English crpitalist was to somne extent re sponsible for our present situation, inasmuch Is lie had almost forced on Sir Graham, when Agent-General. rather more mnoney than lie vantedl. That capital had been lent to us with the imlliedl oblligation that we should use it wisely and well, tnid if we failed to do so the fnult was lnot with the Etnglish capitalist-the fault was our iown. With regarid to the liberality rid conIstancy of the supply we had bud nlothing to cotm plain of up to the present nsoment. On the 1st of January, ISE3, the debt of this colony was £22,000,000; it was nlow, or was on the 1st of January, 1Se2, £43,600,000. So that in Government capital alone we hlad derived from tile mother country in tile short space of nine years £22,500,000. Int addition to that-fhe took no account of thle Treasury bills which were to fbe negotiated-aciording to lMr. Ilayters statistics the fborrowing of the various public and municipal bodies alnounted to £6,000,000, and he thought it would be it very moderate estimate indeed to take the private borrowings as equivalent to that, which made up a total of about £341,000, which during tine years the colony linl received from the mother country. 'This no doubt was responsible for two evils- firstly. tile excessive land speculation, and secondly and more important, the gigtntic anld reckless expenditure to which our apparent prosperity had tempted tile Govern Ilent. The expentiiture of 10S7-8 was large enroulh, but that of the following year was sore by half a mtillionr, and that again was toplped by tile exlpenditure of 18NiS-!Hi, which exceeded? it by :t nillion and three-quarters. As everyione knew, the reducingiof expnllli-cc ture was ditlicult. ltlI the succeeirilng 'I'Tresurer h ta been fiorced into an expetindi ture which landed the colony last ." ' ill t delicit of over '.£?ioni, whichll, t if increased by unertnuIotl atldaltes, wouitl amtullnt to over £7itt,000l It'nder these circumestances it was not ~urprising if oureredit had rather anited ; )Jit rlwhat, it mlliut lie asked, hud we done withi this tmiass oif mloney ! MuIch of it, lie fteared, had beten iwasted. (llear, hear.) hailwrys had been made, as lie had heardl it said, starting from a publichouse and endiing in a swaiOp, plhitc works undertaken which served no useful purpooe, and, as re,?lled private expendli turu, pallatil houleis .il0l 0org?eo)u1 sihops luilt for whilch there were n1o tenants. No wonder, therefore, our credit had suffered to tfile extent shown l .y the lat.e Agent General recentlly wIen l e callel atten tion to tilhe fact that our :tt per cent. dehentures floated at 103:1 were now only sale able at 91, a loss of 12 per cent.. which meant of course that inl every million we omight bormrrw nolw le should lose. compared with that operation, ft20,00l(. Another inltance was furnished by thle city of XIel hourne loan, which during the early period Iof hils on term as Agent-(Generl wals Ilo ael at 101 gross, or 11(11K net, while the Metropolitan Boardl of Works aIt present was unable to iloat a 5ll o1f exactly tile samlle amoulltatt alny reastonllell rate. The question was what steps wenr. now to I-I tlaken, Ibecause credlit 'was absolutely lnecessarily to us if wee were to go on progressinlg. The first step that nmut ,elr to everyone was re trellchnlllnt-lthe settilng of 1our finances upon lan equilibrium, and makingill incllome IIand ex elnditure balance. Nothing 1proluced a stronger anod mre direct effet Kuon the linl:nllcers of Gre1at lritali than ilnt examlilla tion of tile public balanle-sheets year by year. 1'hen they saw that a counlltry was attending to its financial business, 1and mlakingl its htlger balance. its credit was re girded as safe, and they hastened to enltrust their glgantio savings to tile custody of that country. T'lherefore, men of all sides woull agree that tlle first thing necessary to le dlone was to adjust our Iinances. lThat, however, could not Ie done to any large extent by retrenchment. lie trenchlllllt lhastily carritl out w\as not anl unmixed 1ool. It was certain to ilflict considerable hIlrdship and injustice, and not tile least evil of the previous reckless ex trav\agance was that it renidered tile path Ibacrkward so dillicult. The gapll must there fore be filled up mainly by new taxation. lie himself, thank goodness, was not Treasurer of tile country, ani did not envy poor Mr. Shiels his tlsk. 'That gentleman would no doubt find some means of bridging over tile gap, but this after all would only amount to temporary relief. We must turn our at tentioll to the development of our industrial resolnres, especially to our export Iusinless. (Cheers.) Years ago, hth ill speaking and1 wrlting, hle poinllte out theextraordinary tlia crepaney between our imports and exports. In 1SIl0 tile ilmports were £J,000,000 more than thle expolts, anld though last year this difference was lessened to about £6,000,00l0, we had not yet as reranleld our exports got back to the level of IS0. We absolutely ex ported from this colony more in 18.s0 than in 18111\. Considering the increased Ipoulation, the enormously inlcreased ependiture, oand thile sums lavished upon us by the mother country, was not this an extraordinary and unsatisfactory state of things to everyone ill tle comlmunity ! (Ilear, hear.) To pro duce the change desired we nlust pay atten tion strictly to reproductive work, and, as a corollary, abandon unreproluctive work. It was no use digging holes and filling thenl up again. The subject was al diliicult one, and in this connectin lll e must alludie to the11 unemployed problem.r . If we could always make certain of full work and high Swages this would ie a lparadise for the working aU andl everytone else. (. Voice.-" 'What ,3 (t I - -...... 111 . rked quite as hard us, if not a little hanler than, the author ot that interjection. (Cheers ln1d lauu,,hter.) AIn extnlrordinary error Imanlly iof these 11men1 Illlle was that no one worked with any honour at all, t, natter what It munt did, whether he worked with his head or his hands, unless he bIhlnged to the( sacred ranks of those injudieiouil y andl falsely called the tlsaouring classes. (('heters.) It would be a goodi thing if tile 11 king men could receive good emplllelloment 111t hig a?ges, and1 he fully recoglnisedl the reslponsi lility which the Go(vernmelt nt had to undergo Sit a pleriol like this,because the Goverment was a05 tnlwayts lintl teieti~n the igestplnoltInnyrr of Jai,,r in lillt icntr,,I ir. IThe tI;,,Iernmenn' wnlest tace thetditlieult situation aiwl do their hest to lessen the dlepression whih previous .xtratagancehailtnused, it might hie very Ihar tin Mr. Shihlsann, .ir. ,Miiro to hate to answer for the sinls of their predecessolrs, hut ii it ttterleint't Wtats elntitiiun.Ous, aud munst acc'ept its reso.tntsiilities. Ilut the help of Ithe I(;ol\te'rnIent cout)l nlly he tenlllonlry, dIIIIn Iust Ihe onI:lllnll ill thlte nirrowest tps sibhle limits, an n ,rotight i tili end as soon ils p?ssiilh. .111 L?sses were inl the satlme boat ani sulfering alike. There had been no I lysses imongstt themn, who Ilad Inot listelned tio the sirenll voi?es of the tailld Inotl, :111d hiia not found ias it result an attenullated inllcomle antld utIsatisfac tory hanl k I;lance. I('hers atiid Iiughter.) The 'al.eearaitininlg class u not expect to he free from the idepression. The wagets hat bIeu telnlltorarily - only tl'lllorarily they hoped --deplneted I. If tile stinle rate tit wages were k.ept up, it nmust he lit iled amolngst the smaller number, oir if tmannig tihe larger numbeiinnr, tile ralte llof wages Illust lie reduced. All they cotlll dtt wastit to try to get rid of the .hpcssiotn as steti as possible, and take care that it did not occur tgain. Without havting the slinlhtnest wishl to qluestioni the sin erity orti earnenstess if the Ilabour eadelst, he said that it was beIause they dlid not appreiiate otr understintdt the iunllltprtanlt fiuit lIh had juslt lllentitned, antld heitise the objecits they mimed at were imposllsile, and lbetuse any attempllt at their I tItnistatin(lllI wIlnl Id \e ry lLtIdamagillg toi the state--it was for these rlieasons Ii felt bounIdi on the present occasioni, tas he hald donehmnany ai time before. to urge a strentous and unlitedl uiplonsitioi toi thoise latbour leaders. (Cheers.) iThe r tlisnttion of teiir ti1ms would ie nmore dinastrutn e nli to the Wte 'rners tiIihem slves thll defteat would nbe. Their defeat would coedIuce to the advantage of tile state nit hlrgo andl to their own class ill particular. ('leers ant " No, No.") lie earnestly lasked all who thlought with him to lay ?stlde all minler collnsidleratioins ill the comlling contest. ivery one of thenll had sotle particular predilection or particular dislike; but let theml snet aside all minllr con sideratitnis 'allli address themlselvets toi the task. whrich wnould ax their energies to thle utnnmost, of restoring tioiel, tipretress, anld protsperity to the coluntry toi whichl we be longel. (Cheers.) lie trusted tile otplosi tioni wountd le strenuousitl, tand lie welcontiedi, its Mr. ? 'Pattnerson had done, the i. rea t t asslisit lnce which the Young Victorialn Patriotic Assciiation Ias tabout to render tio thie cause of awoneler, ain progress. (Cheers.) lie Ihoped th e i -ge h iwulld go tin andt plrosiper, ipossessiled il youitlh, enthusisml, energy, and nit tluention, whlichi would rightly guide that enthtusiiasm anll lenergy; llan they could cotinllllit \ictoria with cointidence to the help It lli guidince nit thant ipatriotic assciitioni. (t'iheers.) tie wished before sitting downi to ny a fe woronls ton that very large :lass of decent orderly tii ple who professiedI not to ulnterstand tulities, who went their onwn mad aontl paid t wir own way, andll whose political alspira ltiris werre limiteid, like Mr. Pickwick's, to shoutinig with tilhe crowd, antd, if there were tlicnrodsi, with it laritger. (Cheers). The ti nr was past for that sort of thinlg. 'They .Ithl inS inl-'ter hilit bIetween t'wo oiniillons. it cr.1 ne iilli:lt,-.t ',in'tl niwel by their coulltrty, it they rever carrier tout tllnt meane in, ill iny ionsilnle direc'titon. 'their op potnents, alnd rightly tloo, oo(lk tile troublle to get tintes. .\111 oil?ht tol nliake iup their minds tner ionei sile or the other. The general ,llspliatioln of ithe :lountliry teas thiorough.ly In tiaitour ni porroess and onler; andl if they acted unitetdly ihe felt certain theyt \\.would ils Itessful. indt their victory would bee I?tnetiCial, mltonlyorchietly to themselves, lut to every l nllul?, lot hisi olinionls what tlhey Iighlt, lwho wais interestedl inll the progress nilli prosnperity of the colony. (Cheers.) The resolution was carried almost unani mously. SALLIANCE OF PIOLfICAL ORGANI 8.ITIOS Mr. Iloti t l.i\trt M:.L..\\., who was received with cheers and1 somle mill t "i lohooilg," inltel te following resolu tion : ""eThat ita.?h ch at the - o ott of tie Naiot.tl Aa ciation is the pre.enrati of the interet at tll ntIo?tits of the ouul utitt n awl spta- olyt tof the treato pr-ftheint interc.t., io in th opton of ffi ietltog thighy fo- tt-e t l every efforthe matfe to itnim tolo etiftite l r lial, sit ornisatios ha?ilto i tlniltr aos,iri onldr httlle ortisl -a ttio eay Ie taken at the el, l'of i ti_ i eIt tion."t It ttw Ibout seven lult-this silice he hatU the h oithour of piroloo ti aesolutioo at the for irlltiOn of this ass?ialti-n. tin tilat aoc?asion there twas a wile-.prtl feeliog that our ip Dliitl uflairs hadl Iolme lilost leslrnlte, anct that we were dritig into at ositiion whiclh woultl 1to d,-lo-tous ill the retrelor, tnd the forIntionl ffi it associatiofn wts tile first sitn of new lifo starting tlhe omUs in tlhis rcuntry. The reolution he hiad I)rol)osetl was 011ote ]ilt retgitsllotl tile foot that the SNatitl .\ssCliatiOn wa0. not tile onloly .xli-liti,,, of ai wide and deep feeling lt out the condition of this country. ttier asiociations htad I ,een forntele to aelhiet the sam:le objects, and it was his duty to tir.p-se that, while they recoglnised these asl,n-.tions, they sought to join with thet halnd in haolnd, shouhler to shoufler, ill order a pull this country through. (Cheers. "lie National Associa tion haul been objfei-tod to ion the groufitls that it was purely a ltuservatiie conltrivance which was meantt to, ke away the liberties of the peolple, and that at was intended to Irpromote class internlts. 'Those who madfle thalt charge hadt not Read tile progralnme of the ansociation, elser they could make no such assertionl. 1 lissocielt wastlormed to embrace all classes. Owinlg tih trecent coturse of poli ties, it was oi S hhiderl f)oot'ssTry that ieW allioties should be Irthnld, and that Ilmen ill oppllosing camlllps shotlll be brought togetther in onler that the t-lutltry might lie sand. (Cheers.) If the lilbilds hadI not comie into the assooiatioi n it wo, their fault, but he was glad to say that the 1laiirman of the meetlilg was onte of the litlerals i ho had Catein. (Cheers.) On the otil r hand, they had been toldI that the associa'ion was to neutral tand too coloutlehs. The pntllltes of the associa tion showetd t'isdota in mlakilng the pro gramtme neutral us tar ias party Islitics were concerned, but there was 1io uncer tainty of sound as to its olbjects which were to preserte .Lwlf promote the right of personal liberty. tCheers.) If this is sociaftion haId dlone fithillg mtore thaln to bring into being, the Younttg Victorian 'Patriotic League te loee would lie lno cause to regret the crisis w lic now existed. Int a free aitidentterticeunitry there tas niothing so dangerous os tapitlathy, and the apathy of tile younlg men whlo woull ha\t to g\ertn ill the future was thle toot danglerous of all. They. were desirous of co ul 8rating with these yonlg tlrten l a iwl reglnlelt in the army,, which they truste wats nloW Illmarchinlg on to victory. (Cheters aold dlisorder.) The Nutioual .tsstwiatiun sought to promotet the interests of all the great prolucinllg cflat's of this country, a11nd the counltry party ill Parliamlent had recenltly adullotetl u Iltrtlgtfate whlich ill eve'ry resf?ct w11 coverrtl by thit of the Satioullal Asso ciation. They all rejoicetd that at last the great backbone of the country-the great producing interests of this counltry- wetre waking up to their true interests, and were determined to be no longer sacriliced. (Cheers.) Nothing would give himt greater pleasure than to welcome a fourth regiment which would be composed of those respect nale working men-(cheers)-who were dominated by the Trades-hall influence. (interruption and cheers.) lie believed that to no small degree we owed the failure ,if our credit to the thorough want of confidence generated during the last three years by the belief prevailing that a class of socialistic agitators - (interruption and cheers)-had to some extent succeeded in misleading a large body of the working classes, and were striving to get hold of the reins of Government. Our safety lay in re storing cuntidence, avoiding extremes, laying aside all the various socialistic and conm munistic theories-(interruption and cheers) -and practising industry. (Cheers.) 3fr G. D. I31'emrt.L seconded the resolu tion. 'The National Association-(A Voice: "National Ass.")-had paid the high compli ment to the Young Victorian Patriotic League of inviting its members to lie present that evenmlg, aod the council of the latter haid dlne Mr. F. Jowett and himself the honour of asking them to explain why the league was created and how it meant to work. It was only right to take the op portunity of thanking the National Asso. ciation, committee, members, and secre. tary, who had from the first extended the right hand of fellowship to the league. (Hlear, hear.) Chielly because the National Association was compostsed of their fathers and older friends representing the pioneers who had developed this great country and built up this great city, hlie wished to make it clear that the Young Viw torian Patriotic League hadt no desire to supersede those piolneers, or ask then to step aside and allow the younger men to try and govern this colony. ''he most satisfac tory evidence of this was, that the older politicians did not resent the entrance of tie league into the domain. They were, as 3Mr. Harper had said, but a reginment in the great electoral army, but they would furnish volunteers for forlorn hopes, and they would always be found in the very vanguarld lighting anarchy. (Cheers, groans, and laughter.) One point he wished to make plain with somine vehemlence was that they were not an offshaoot of the National Association. Thl'e latter body never suggested or started the league, andl the league would never be absorlbed by it. For years past, since tie unfortunate abolition of party government. the country had been ~sleep, and there hlid been no way for yountg leUn to exercise political thought. T'Ifs peril? of inactivity hadl been disastrous, bIe cause the generation which must supply the statesmlen tandi workers of the future had in corsequen'e nlot been politically educated. The youin men were, therefore, politically ignurtnt. (" Hear, hear," andl laughter.) 'his was now to lie remedied. T'he young moen were to be taught to take up the mantle of the older men, and would in timte guide this country to the greatest height of prosperity any nation had ever attained. (Applause and ironical cheers.) As the result of the indlitfference of the past, power hoId been boldly hid for by a band of unscrupulous and scheming agitators " lleiir, hear," and groans)-and the remnedy for 1olitical apathy was to be foundt m united ictiin nsow. Of 250,010 Assembly voters 120,1.11 were between the ages of 21 and 40, so it would be seen that those whom the league was likely to etmbrace were as three to two to the rest of the community, and had the power of actually declding the ensuing elections. (Cheers.) A number of them had awakened at last to the fact that they had political rights, and meant to advance them. They were getting tired of going to tile alleged logical Trenwith, the humorous Hancock, and the kind-hearted Dr. Maloney-(laughter)-cap in hand, and ask. ing these three gentlemen with bated breath for leave to live in their own native land. (Cheering.) At present we wantedl peace, not votes-(henr. hear)-work for tile unem ployed, not only the labouring classes, but for clerks, shoplten, andl even some employers. That tihe league wouldl d its best to obtain. The great strength of the Trades-hall was derived from the young men -(hear, hear)-and many of these could by persuasiont be brought to see le believed that-their interests were those of the I?ague -at least that this was our country as mucll as theirs. 'They should be on the side of the league-(cries of ."No")-atl by proper per suasion hlie believed many strugglers would be won from the socialist camp. (Cheers.) As lMr. Hlarper hall said, the great blot upon our recordnl at present was cowardiee-(A Voice-" Where will you be when the time comes")--but the Irtneie looked withl fith to the people themselves, and trusted lhat tlhey would no longer Ihe seen goingabout whining over the situation. lIe experienced a sense of slasement to thinlk that Austmlians, the proud sons of a proud race, ahould give way in this mannerr. (Cheers, and a voice-" Don't cry.") .lust as no man spoke of his own private linancial affairs, so we should avoil as 'far as possible speaking of the national linances, and if they were men tioned it should be only to bolster up our credit, not to run it down. Notwithstanding that the leanue had over 1,000 members, aold that it haYt twelve suburban meeltings to come, he had hItlsnt it described as it flush in the pan. (A Voie-'" So it is.") l'erhalis it wans, in the sense thna it would set fire to a train of Iptriotic gunpowder, which they hloped woull Ilow to the four winds of heaten the preachers of sedition, treason, anti anarchy. The le?igue meant to do its Iost by arnitnisation to tear this up root anld ,ranch. (llear, l.hear.) The memblers did not intend that their heritage shoutl de scend to the level of the Argentine te public, and were resolved to work unitedly for tie restoration of confidence. THE. HOME FRANCHISE rersus ONE MA~N ONE VOTE. S?r. JAMES CAMPBEL.?. moved "That lthis meetting is opposed to the principle of one iat otle vote oas tending to throw the balance ol politiecal Ioer into the hands of the class who ihave no settledn interrss lt the eolosny, and at'oeates tile lue representation of thrift In any refonu of the fralchlse." lie had had such a great deal to do recently with the one man one vote question, that lihe was afraid lie had got it on the brain. (Laughter.) He had a few ideas to lay before that meeting. Some five years ago lie was in .Japan, and there, near Yokohama, in the middlle of a plain, stood a magnilicent idol, one of the grandest works ever executed by man, some 55ft. high, and of so majestic an expression that one had a feeling to fall dlown and do it revereince. But on going round to the back, and entering a little door, one was tempted to burst into the exclamation of the Yankee on looking down into the hold of a ship, S" Why, tihe darned thing is hollow." (Cheers and laughter.) Lately a great idol had been erected on the plains of Victoria. (Cheers, "No, no," and "Yes, yes.") We had been called to bow down and do reverence be fore it. There was a procession, headed by Mr. Shiels or Mr. Maunro, he was not sure which, with a idulcnter, Mr. P~renwitih with a pater, i anl Mr. lhluneck with n sacklut-i clieri alld liughte1r)-nld wxiltling up the proces lion, as a kindof ianachrisi , c. e itei r M3loaieyv with a do wwhistle. ( Cheers til i mllahter). iThii *great Victorian idol was cattllled "one llt` one vote." It was W try beautiful, very lajestic; but vwhen they got inside they fhull the " darned thing was Ihollow." (i.aigltetr noml c.heers.) lie was a great allllirer tifthe tihellry f tn mn one vote. Startlin;ga it mnight ound, lie ad:::ird tile thetiry. It lintd, lhoweier, two trillilng idefects. The firt wits that it was logieally false-(Che'iers. "'q. no," nd " Ies, yes " and 11t erolld 'its that it was pwrttimall idathuerouts. (t'hers, "N,," und " Yes.' The theory of the one mnll one tlte, brlrtly statedll "as tit a nannIII wl entitltli to ai tot- livane he was i wa.lll (Cheers.) Aih, di, that not ialke the great heartof Colling;lsal rettl.nald" (tlaughter, cheers, aln iiterription.) lie nkel It qut's tion the other hi; and 'was longing for an insitir. 'heillletinll was, "t.\re there any who believe in le iman one tole- who believie in giving i manl a vote for hi.s ali. hood only-whit, .ould give a vote to ai t'hiumuan. (Cheirs, laughter, and interrup tiotn.) \hould tiey give the Solomt, Islanders I vote :ilmply becluse they were !Hen" Theyknew tleywould not. Il reftrethey gave a matn i vote thel d alllllllled somethingll else Iside ilmere atnhail. (Chers, "No," I111l " Yes.") \\\'hallwl de all nh llllll great was not the phyIical iemblance of ia uatt biut thile nmlornl qlualities in I IlltLman. (1heers and I interr pti::ll.) \1.uld any gentlelan who ! believed in o tn it otne vite tie, in his private lusinitleo , eltal rewards for uni ua, l i p merits' 0 ould tly, then, in pubhlic ntlait?m gi\e equal political lpowers to tho'se of unequal meritst Li',ler tie ,xintiiig hawtyiIIii t ,idy that noII nlll should lote unleCss he cotlll reald and write. (Ilear, hlar,) That was amhir i Iale and right and proper, hut did the suptI porters of olle lnRa otlle iltoe tlot set that It cut frlnn tlnlider their feet iltatlllllyy the ground thatt ii nall \is entitled to a vote simply beenuse lie ieas a itt .an ' T'here were certain qualities which must lIe ill man before he coul exercise the frallchise : tillni lie trusted Victorin a lliI nllways inist on qtialities, ndl say that nlenshould lrovei theln selves worthy of the franchise beirteit coutl be connittedti t ther.. (Cheers.) There were eternal limitaltions illllature thaIt Imal c'uOld ltottoverptas. ''Thestpturtersotf the unmllllln one vote practicalll sai I thley would puti aside the laws of nature anld gi\e all mnl equal merit al positilon. Thlit was a f .llll mental fillctey trmt the Ibgintitg. 't'her. e neler could lie goil legislation, or I nlilt ti built up oi what was it false toundation to start withl. Some plleple asked how the lbest I men were to lie foul I. l'lhat was a pnrctital I objection. Ill the ditticultries that could i it pllt il the way regrlinlg the dual vote were I dliticulties of mechalni, : but the dilliculty i that coull lihe tllrown inl the way of the onel I?ln one vote was that it wais eginnllllig titlh whalt was radicaly wrtong at tie start, andi ltIust work oilt wrotl, itn the san le ily its i eclhulation lbeginnllilng witlh llle wronllg ligullre. I (Cieers.) A Voice.--lhat al tut New Zettlnil ? Mr. CIarnsuttI'I ..--ThIey llad to remembeir th:at the life of it tnititon ais counted bty dtlces and centuries, ltiand not by ylears: ilt tile hadl to wait to see how it would work out. Furthermore, the iolitical history of New Zeallndll was not ver elltuillrillun (t(·Ih.',) ' The one ttint One vote was daigelirous becuuse so far as thist ciolony wats concerlnet it was likely to sliift the Ihlnllier of 1noiwer intto the wrong ihalds. (Ch'lers,t lll pro-i longed interruption.) It was obvious tiat lie wns stingitig hs opponents. (Lainghter.) They hlad heartl Mr. I'itlermote n Ias to the effect of theonetman lite vitle otl the resilenltsof the I country; anllnoeoltliheltnot thoughtful llii?ts s:i.1 or nl:ily yIPIrs W thait '.l cr':tt cities were lte'ir oif ,t ili?.it.,. 1 W.hat shoultl be d ne L lI s tr as l.e'.ible wit, to hol| tile ball:anlce of power ill salt- 11111 i S isilZLti l t unale l hIaI ds. TIhey vlwhisd toI iillltli tlhe c?llilibrillnt, ;and to 111e the )oer'c ofthe coulltry in tihe. Ihnlls of tlhe str11o sdlidl eletmeilt of n?ociety . iitih cuuld build up a strotng tional life.. (Chcers.) Thiy might nlh htl did the alor t irinls t" I oei lcgislatiot arise. It tts never really cilaided by it ;treat tcnttunius 0I public pinion. ll I ut it Ilhad lri?, llll had to Ibe mfct'll, nIl it had I I e.. replied to, '1 4l it Ial iteeni reptlie to by tlhe iualv ' . i "( ll , ,oiI.' 1lli| llr . h )r. i the ti il t lhe dual iute??i ,+i prtposed, it wts lauhed ttu watti ly ei lre sectitle of people hlo t'.Irad nt, idea of tirit stnllu h oI uahiluiropietin 1 lhindthe dela h,.l tihey tliitet tered, tctt tt .1uiuriuws idt,t tilhat thetlt lh tote "foa euii.t ltl." ail 'whait t lhey were niow1• pl;:,}yil for was a n-%lll fortahhe back ,oor through h hied to slit,. (Cheers.) lhe cohld nt say that tIe existil g proposal oi the tdul ltote ovred til thie ;roiluid. It would reuir tlo be utllllll iin llmany ways- it wuII, hav"e to ie etilargel. 'There should Ie a rprletaio of l lolthrit in oti?erforli' thin tihat o lropertyi . Iti fur? an opet qutes itin whther i Citinitiy shoubii not l e represented. lie .hntld he iuelined to lsubslltitute for the terrIaI "ulll lte"ll the tlent " i tlllll Ill hise." l ,in ertl.) The meni wh owned lhntt 1" were the solid tlt?n-tt-iCr hlir)--til s?hleutl 1v," ii a stioi ii.8 iThey e llllthe very Isalt of tilt. Iilur (iti-ci It priactital pro?ramt. whiuh repun.diattd iie miserabl e h astu?lirlI iiIti la l l llu tltl that so much hld been heard of, :lnd if th.y wiade this thenir tprifn tumn, thInty wo-(i t dle tile pillars iat th ?i state. Sd set them down on thei fulnlundtioct of equiilty l lil justice. i(Ci'ers.) 1cr. i . .loiteil 'lii sec'leidl the u motion. (Cheers.) i The only iural justili atiott for governig lay il the wt ell-? ing of the tommulity. The 0111lti ctlaimt that anyl mat lutl t O I tote tilty not il? the fact thut he was ait mn, buti il his clpacityt al desiret to use thait ciuteutilt ofI' tietll-hiz of the icn:llnunity. (l'hec?s.) The claim hut eart t ci nev w h: t right toth tiltt sthe voting power t was an atttpt to establish the spurihu, right of equality where nlO such caatility exiutd. (('heers.) The real object lit tiht melt ;t ho were behind this "(olin'llllll ull. o lwnte" ipronpoal wlls in destroy the illtnence of the working hans.es who were thrifty anl pratiWent, --(cheti,) to destroy the ligitimtte llditietl influence of the former anl the blsim ls lian, thlt polity cal intluence of the settled interests if this iltlueIcepretailed itw ouldh I:tyslh tu1tn Ilnith schenls of (olniittion llll1 disoriiir. (Clveers.) The'ir real object was not to raise the position if the worki, g cnlases, cut to usurp the control of the lagislatume fur their owin purplous, to c:.lltiweate pr1perty of the thrifty classes of the c unitinity, a-wl to re .ele' tltintlvtes utlin the employers of lalour. (t'h,.?rs.) It lehomed all law abillingt citizens to su.horlit, all party 1,nld um lole vcute." ('lter . 't'he umotion was put, and d. n lared carriel utu mi nilm tus y tli id t Ih ,a d cheers. Mr. II. ltt r lit move.)| a lute of thanks to the chairman for his in rtartiality l 1.irmness in preserving order. The Inmotion was en?rrie tl ulanimtusly, tuntl tite Imee'ting then closel. STILLWELL ANP CO., PRITeRS, 195A CQLLI\A ST,:O, MF:1.ROURC. . 