MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. ' (By ' Gsatiano') j ' TO CORRESPONDENTS. I BoEIS,— ' Tbe laPt word' is a comedy in fonr acts (adapted from the German Dax Jjetztr ? Wert of Fraos Von ^ohoetban) by Augnstin Daly, and was first produced in London at tbe ; Lyceum on t-vepiember If, 1891. Charles Wheatleigh, who vlalte'd Tasmania 16 or 16 years aga, essayed the character of Professor Kutherwell. OovBNTay, — Miss Emma Abbott, the American prima donna, died at Salt Lake Oity on January 1, 1891. I PiiUSHrKGTON. — Oarey'e Comedy Company | produced buraand's Oomedy ' Jeamas,' at I the Mechanics' Institute on December 9 | and 10, 1885. | N. S. W. — 'The Bells of Haslemere' was produced at the Royal in Sydney on I May 9. The most noteworthy events this week 1 have baea the prodnction of ' British Born' at the Academy by the Launoeston Dramr.tlc Olnb, and Lyons' Tourists at tbe Bijon. Considering all things there was a gooo at tendance at the Academy ; bnt I am afraid Mr Harry Lyjns has not had such a suc cessful season as he anticipated. Tbe Tourists concluded their season on Tuesday evening and ou Wednesday left en route for W-.-. r. Australia ai i the east The company w*nt a f-jw more men of the stamp of Jfctfrs D, C ?ra'cb and Parlatto in it to give ic stability. Messrs i*t John and Wilkinson's Gaiety Company were pis.eD7';ra t-o Melbourne oy the is. Pateena on Wednesday last. I &m; afraid their season in theisia d has been dull, stale, and unprofitable. The City Organist gave a very enjoyable recivai iu cub aiueix n.aii on ounauy last. The band did not play outside on this occa sion, but thirre was a worse enemy in several equalling babies, who backed themselves against the organ and won easily. In W. S. Gilbert's travesty on ' Hamlet,' now rovived at the Court Theatre, London, as 'Boseocrantz and GuHdeasccrn,' the Prince Is bacishcd for performing a full- act tragedy perpetrated o_»* his royal father. When H&mlet; offers Rosencrantz the pipe, the latter playB a sailor's hornpipe upon it ; and later the First Player rebukes the princely amateur for daring to inntruot professionals ! The little burlesque is re ceived with roars of laughter. The season of opera now in progress at Oovent Garden will include separate sub scriptions for German opera on : cdnesd^ys, i whilst the performances ol. other u!ghts will ' be given in French and Italian. The most Important works will tie ' ^avalleria Bnsticana' and 'Amico Fritz' (Mascagni), Gounod's ' Phtlemcu and Baucis,' 'Fidelio,' ' Tristan ajd Isol.'e,' and the 'Bin^ der Niebelungen.' During tbe ?ommn»e riots W. Marina, the stage manager ot Mre Bernard Beere'e .Jom pany, now performing in Sydn&y;, was (says the Sydney. Morning Herald) captured by the insurgents at the barricade of tbe Rue de Charonne, and was ordered oat to bo shot. M. K&riue; says :-'My life was saved by tbe comznaedinfr officer. He pat the lantern to my free, and as he had been a ticket speculator outside my theatre, recognised me at once. It was the v ,ry strangest chance. After some oonsulti-.tion, the order ' Sarins, me actor, may go, was given, and— Manns went, S-- her.? ? am, you bp:*!, the immediate cause of my coming being due to the meutiou of my name to Mr George Musgrove by Mrs Bernard Beere whilst they were both visiting Mr George Edwardes at his country house at Ascot, I like Australia very much, and am simply delighted with the whole trip.' According to the Strand Magazine, Mr F. O. Burnaud, the editor of London Punch, and author of several burlesques, proved his serious turn by originally intending himself for the Church and actually beginning his studies under the Rev. H. P. Liddon, after wards Canon Llddon. Even when he had become a Catholic the destined humorist olnng to his ecclesiastical vocation. He entered the seminary of the Obiates of t-t. Charles at Bayswater, of which oommnnity Dr. Henry Edward Manning was then the head. One day, however, the future editor of Punch came to the future Uardiual of Westminster and expressed some doubts about bimselt ' I'm afraid,' said the doctor, u you have no vocation tor the priest hood.' ' No,' said Burnand, ' 1 have no vocation— at least, not for the priesthood.' ' I don't understand,' the doctor exclaimed. ?' what you mean by a vocation for anything else. This is a great question, and one con cerning the soul.' Then Burnaud went straight at it. u Well, doctor,' he said, '? I rather thought of going on the stage.' ' Why, you might as well call cobbling a vocation,' tbe doctor said, surprised. 'Yes,' Burnand replied, quickly ; ' there would be more sole in it, wouldn't there ?' ' 1 can see the dootor laughing now,' said Mr Burnand to his interviewer. ' He let me go.' Messrs. Brough and Boucicault's tenure of the Criterion Theatre, Sydney, was to come to an end this week. Their lease commenced in 1887, and of the number of plays that have been produced by them, forty were first productions in Australia. Secessions from Messrs. Brough and Boucicault's com pany include Messrs. Lyndal, George Lash Gordon, Arthur Lawrence, Hedley Church ward and Miss Pattie Browne, all of whom will proceed to England almost Immediately. Mr and Mrs Edward Bass will also leave the company and depart for other scenes. On June 30 the work of rebuilding and im proving the Criterion will be commenced, under the direction of Messrs. Backhouse and Co., architects. It is estimated that the work will occupy at lease three months, perhaps four, after which the B. and B. Company, consisting of Tithes radge, Cecil Ward and others not named in the foregoing list— and perhaps some new blood — will, it is hoped, make their reappearance in Sydney with ' Much Ado About Nothing.' Mr Walter Bentley, in addition to 'David Garrick',played a good Scotch play at the Garrlck Theatre, on Saturday night, under the title of 'Oramond Brig.' The comedy Is the work of William H. Murray, actor ana playwright, who managed one of the patent theatres at Edinburgh in the early part of tha present century. There ''Oramond Brig' was produced in July, 1831, in Its extended form of two acts. The drama is founded on au historical Incident in the reign of James V., of Scotland, whose life was saved from a stag by one Jock Howison, and the amus ing passages between Jock and the disguised king, with the addition of the necessary love interest, form the staple of the one-act play. At tbe conclusion of the Italian Opera Company's p«?*son Mr George Bignold will open at the Princess' Theatre, Melbourne, for a short seaBon. His first production will be, 'A Midsummer Night's Dream,' Those who witnessed the production of this piece in Sydney will well remember it as having been placed on the stage with really remarkable completness and splendour of scenic ac cessories, The coming performance is sure to rank In the estimation of theatre-goera with 'Much Ado' and Mr Rignold's first | production of 'Henry V.' as among the I memorable Shakespearean t representations, | from a spectacular point «f view, of the colonial stage. Australia is presently to have a visit from Ovide Mnefn, the Belgian violinist, and his company, which includes Madame Musln (Annie ionise Taylor, soprano), and Edouard Scharf, pianist. G. R. Ireland, now in Sydney Garrlck, earned his first fame as the Ghost in ' Hamlet' with the Melbourne Garrick Olub, in Ootober, 1858. Ellen Mortyn wbb the Ophelia, and Mre Vickey the Queen, ' I hear from very good authority,' writes I a Sydney correspondent, 'that Sir Anther Sullivan Is not likely to recover from his | present Illness. He may possibly get better , for a time, bnt it will only be a flicker of | life's candle, wh'ch is nearly burned ont. ; The clever Montagu Williams is also seriously j ill, and little hopes are entertain ted of hie 1 recovery.' I Obarles Warner is not unlikely to pay another visit to Australia. Which reminds I us that his real name is Licktord, and he Is a J brother of the well-known London solicitor, I partner of George Lewis, the famous, I The Loudon Gaiety Company continue to xeep np tneir Doom witn ' hauBt np to Date at the Opera House, says Melbourne Piun-h. Mephisto has given Faust a new lease of life, for Mr E. J. Lonner has introduced some new specialties that make the burlesque more amusing than ever. He sings ' Bally hooley,' of which he was tbe creator, in a manner that creates the most frenzied enthusiasm amongst bis admirers all over the house, and his burlesque parody on ' Ta-r.v ra-boom-de-ay.' following as it does upon Miss Alloe Learner's version, simply sends the andierice into convulsions of merrimeit Notwithstanding tbe good booses, it had been determined to withdraw 11 Fa tut np to Date' after Friday next, and substitute 'Joan of Arc, or the Merry Maid of 'V leans.' Even this piece will not be allowed to run the lengtn oc itf- .probable popularity, as the season is limited and it » iatended to i produce a third burlesque, a comical version J of -a Carmen,' before the company lcav-? Melbourne for the other Australian oapita s. 