Letty's Love Story. chapter xvu (continued). But toll mo,' lottico snul, aftor a fow momonts .of silonco that was morn oloquont than any words, ' What hringa-you hero ? ' Maroin looked round hurriodly, ns if in loar or oavosaroppors ; moil pouiiuu with ono trembling finger to tho . flowor-strown pntoli at lior foot. ' Do you eeo that ? ' sho nskod. in a tono of profound inolanoholy, all tho sadder booauso of its despairing rosignntion. ' That is whoro my littlo child lies buiTod.' ' Your littlo olnld ! ' Lotty ropoatod stupidly, ns sho stopped. book a pnno. alio '"0(1 lour nighlH ago, and thoy bunod hor hero. My poor littlo white blossom!' Mnrcin took up 0110 of tbo onrtli- stainod flowors and prossod it passion ately to hor lips, thon bIio turnod to hor sistor with a suddon fiorconoss. 'Do you think thoro can bo any . Dioroy, Lottioo, in that Ilonvon that I robs a mothor of hor child? Ah! you don't know what, it is — tho wntch- mg, and. waiting, and longing, wlnlo your hoart is torn with nnguish, and you ory aloud to a Powor tlint is donf to nil your prayors ! Wlion your . blood is turnod into gnll, and nil tho joy and liopo is crushed out of your soul by a rolontloss Destiny ngninst wtxicu moro is no appoai i ino wonuor womon tiro drivon to Bin and madnoss ; no wondor tlioy Book rofugo in tho doop, dark rivor, that at least ib no I oruollor than tho world ' Sho ohooked hor wild words sharply, . and prossod both hands noross her ohostj as if tho hoavy boating of hor lioart woro causing hor fiorco physical pain. At tho samo niomnnthor quick ,onr oaught tho sound of tho rustling of > tlio shrubs, and slio mndo a swift . gosturo of warning. 'Go!' sho whisporod. 'Say no thing of our mooting. I will contrive to. soo you later on.' Lattice oboyod; all hor dosiro for flight dying out undor tho influonco of this now discovery. Liko ono in a droam sho rcturnod to tho gardon, and wont straight into tho houBO, .to hor own room. At lonBt ono nnxioty was taken from hor. No orimo had boon oommittod on that tornblo vigil when Mama's I soroam of anguish for hor doad littlo ono had cloft tho night stillnoss ; and tho coffin homo out of tho porch forty-eight hours lator hnd containod tho poor baby body on its way to its final restmg-placo. Sho had still to loarn what strange fate hnd brought Maroia and herself to tho snmo liouso, and with tlint ex planation, perhaps, tho mystery of hor own ftbduotion would ho elonrod away. I Poor Lottico ! Sho littlo thought what tho knowledge would moan to hor! chatter xviii. It was aftor midnight wlion Lottioo hoard tho outor bolt of tho door slippbd bnck, and a mmuto lator ; Maroia enmo m. AH day long sho had boon oxpoot- . inghor; but now that sho was horo, some strange torror of hor pvosonoo foil upon Lotty— shadow y, lnoxphc- ; . ablo, but nono tho loss koon. Porlmps it was duo m a monsuro to tho sot whiteness of hor sistor's faco — so might Niobo hnvo lookod wlion hor ohildron woro roft from hor — nnd no marble could liavo boon moro doadly oold. Lottico ahsolutoly rocoilod as lior warm lips touched thoso other icy Marcia manifostod no curiosity ns to what had brought hor sistor horo. A numb npnthy soornod to liohl hor fncultios in chock, or hor own woos . . drove nil othor intorosts from hor mind. I Sho soatod -liorsolf wearily by Lotty's sido on tho couch, tho cnndlo sho had brought with hor nnd sot down in front of hor throwing strnngo shadows on lior faco, and showing up tho hollows undor hor oyos. How torribly sho had ngod ovon in this short spneo oftimo! It wns diflicult to reconcile this haggnrd world-weary woman with tho radiant roso-lippod Marcin of two years ago ! Por a. fow minutes sho ronininod ' silont, lior hands clnspotl 011 lior lap; suddonly sho said, — ' Whore is motlior ?' Lottico rocoilod in shocked surpriso. ' Did you not know that sho was — doad ?' sho nskod, in a loworod voico. 'No, I did not know it, but I am glad of it. I onvy hor !' 'Marcia!' v ' Why do you look at mo like that ?' domandod tlio older girl. 1 Ilnvo I said anything bo very ropugnaut to 1 your foolings? I did not intend to. What I moant was that death is poaco, and I rojoico that sho lias it. Poor mother! Sho novor enrod for mo much; but sho would havo boon humbled to tho voiy duet if sho oould soo mo now, nnd I am thankful bIio has boon sparod tho pain of if. Don't you uiidorutand ?' Alns! ulns! Lottico was hoginning to understand' at last ! Up to now sho had lcopt hor boliof in hor sistor's innoconco. Marcia was sinned ngninst, but novor sinning. Por tho first timo horrible doubts of hor own faith nroso in tho truo loyal I lioart, nnd poor Lettico's hond sunk | lowov on hor bronst. Maroia wntoliod hor for a fow. minutes in silonco, thon took hor hand I nnd bogan to stroko tlio soft whito fingors ; moro as it seomod from absouoo of mind than nny special dosiro to show nffoction. I ' It is n pity we havo mot, donr,' I sho said at Inst, with a sigh. ' You woro growing to forgot mo, porhaps, I nnd now my shnmo and sin will como upon you ns a frosh tliiug.' Lottioo shook off hor touch with angry indignation. 'Porgot you! Oh, Maroia, how onn you find it in your heart to any onnlv n f.liino In ran — mo. who havo always lovod, 'always trusted you, nlways looked- forward to tho hour wlion you would ho givon bnck to mo ! If it liud not boon for mother I should havo started forth at once in search of you. I should havo dono so, indood, wlion sho diod, only I had no ' money, and so I was forced to go out and work for sorno. But night and day you havo boon in my thoughts. My 0110 gront hope bus been that Heaven would lot up moot again and ronow our lovo, just as it was in tho oldon days !' Marcin shook hor liond sadly. ' Tho old days ! ah, Lotty, thoy will novor como hack again — novor, novor ! Tlioy nro gone for over, like last yoar's snow, or tho brontli from my littlo child's body. Thoro is n gulph bo- twoon us Dotty, nna noc ovon iimu can bndgo it ovor.' Sho was hoginning to spoalc more wildly ngain, nnd as slio ooasod sho wrung hor hands togothor in a silont paroxysm of distress infinitoly and to look upon. Tlio toars roso involuntarily to I Lotty's oyos, but tlioy did not fall. Sho folt tlifit nt all- hazards sho must prosorvo hor self oontrol, siuco it bo- hovod lior to hoar tho-truth, whatovor it might bo, from Murcin's own lips. ' Cnlm yoursolf, darling,' sho whis porod, tondorly, taking the poor thin linnds in hers, and holding them tight. 'You must lot mo hoar every thing tlint hns bofnllon you, and thon wo snail toko counBol togotnor ana Boe what is host to bo dono for tho future.' I Maroia smiled bittorly. 'Thorn is 110 future for mo,' she said, hopolossly. ' As for tolling you my misorablo story, I will do so if you wish, though I don't soo what good it will do. Bettor lot mo go away and forgot that I over existed.' Lottioo allowed this to pass without commout. Sho got up and locked- 1, 110 door so ns to guard ngninst till possibil ity of intrusion, thou resumed lior soat at Marcin's sido again. 'Bogin,' sho snid, soothingly, and yot with a certain command in hor voico. ' Toll mo all from tho very couimonoomont.' Marcia pillowod hor chin in tlio hollow of hor hand, and loaned for- ward a littlo, supporting hor elbow on hor lcnoo, Tlio flickering light of tho cnndlo enst strnngo shadows on hor faco, londing it a strango weird honuty — tho bluo oyos wore so full of droamy intensity. Sho lookod liko fl woman oxisting fill- moro in momorios of tho pust than in tho actuul present. ' Tho commonoomont !' sho ropoatod, dronrily. ' That sooms to mo such a long timo ngo that I ought hardly to romomhov it — and yot it is stamped on my brain in lottors of fivo 1' Hor mnnnor suddenly chnngod. I Slio turnod and faced Lottico, and began to spoak hurriedly and yot dis tinctly, a littlo colour drifting into hor palo clieoks under tho stress of hor omotions. 'Do you romombor tho day the gontlomnn from London enmo to soe mothor ? Woll, that was tlio first timo I mot my lovor — in tho morning — in tho Chino Woods.' Lottico startod. Strango — that was tlio morning of hor introduction to I Hubort. ' I neod not toll you what ho snid to I tyia ' \fnvMn nnnfintinrl T aiinnnen nil lovo stories nro tho snmo up to a cer tain point. Our mooting was ncci- doutnl in the first plnoo ; hut boforo wo pnrtod I had promised to moot him agnin tho noxt day, aud that wns tho roasou I refused to go to Malvorn I with mntlinv. ' Of courso I had no business to mnko appointmonts with a strnugor, and porhaps I dosorvo tho punishment that has couio upon me ; but, Honvon knows, my intentions woro innocent | onough, and 110 idoa of harm over ontorod my bond. ' Besides, my lifo was so dostituto of ovorything in tho shapo of plonsuro that I oagorly soizod nny break in tho monotony that offorod itsolf ; and bo was handsomo and fasoinntimr — ono's vory idoal of a lovor, ' Woll, I saw him every day, sorao- tnnos oftonor ; and in loss than n fortnight aftor mothor's doparturo he nskod ino to olopo with him. 'Wo woro to bo married soorotly, for reasons which I10 oxplainod to 1110. A relation of his from whom ho hnd ox- poctntions of a good doal of money was vory ill, supposod to bo dying, and his marringo nt that precise momont would imperil his ohniicos of hor fortuuo if it bocamo known. 'I suggostod that wo should wait, but ho ovorrulod my objoctious, and final!- 1 as you know, I loft homo with him.' Sho pnusod a momont, biting hcr lips lmrd. Lottico mndo no attompt to spoak, and sho continued, — ' Ho brought mo to London, nnd took mo to somo plnco that I boliovod to bo a registrar's office, whoro wo woro I married. Aftor tliat wo wont into lodgings in ono of tho suburbs, and for a fow months I hnd n spoil of linp- pihoss, such liuppinoss as n butterfly may enjoy in its ono short day of sunshine. ' Thon my husband was ofton absont from homo, and it struck mo that his lovo lind cooled. Ho was kind to mo, ho brought mo books/and flowers, and music; but thoro was a oliango, and I grow frantically jonlous, for I fancied I bad a rival. ' During all this timo I10 rofusod to allow mo to communicnto with you or my mothor, saying tliat ovon yot it would bo dnngorous to his prospects to lot our marringo bo published. His will was my law, and I kept silonco. And so tivolvQ months pnssod by, and thon my baby's birth drow near. My husband was away from mo moro than over. Ho bad boon absont two months, and I had worked mysolf into a favor of nnxioty and longing to soe him, I dotorminod to goto liim at his homo in the country, for I folt that if I ro- mninod nlono in my dronry London lodgings nny longer I should go mad!' ' Thon you did know whoro he was ? asked Lotty, gontly, as sho pnusod. ' Yob ; at least, I pnrtinlly knew. Ho used to writo to mo occasionally, and though ho did not put the address of tho house on his lottors, tho post mark on tho onvolopo was always tho same — Stanford. So to Stanford I wont, and directly I mentioned his name at tho station, I was told where ho lived, and accordingly I walked to tho Grange ' Lottico intorruptod hor with a faint ory. An icy hand seomod gripping at hor throat, nnd a torror too great for words was rising boforo hor' liko a thin, impalpable, and yot most horrible phantom. ' Tho Grango, did you say?' ' Yos. Ellosmoro Grange. What io Hm mflfinr 9 Arrt Vftll ill 9 ' Lottioo shook her hond. ' Go on,' sho said, hoarsely. ' When I got to tho Grango, I found thoro only the housokooper, Mrs. Barker, tho woman who is with mo now,' continued Maroia, aftor ono unonsy glnnco at hor sistor. 'I don't know that sho is a vory sympathetic creature ns a rnlo ; hut my condition was so pitiable that sho took me in niul did what sho could to restoro me. Tho walk from tho station had boon longer than I anticipated, and I was thoroughly knocked up by it. ' What happened afterwards I can't tell you, for I was vory ill ; .and when | I recovered oonsoiousnoss onough to Irnmv what wns froinc on nboufc me. X found my littlo babo at my sido. My husband was witli mo too, and Mrs. Barker. I suppose I must hnvo boon in bod somo timo, nnd whon I got up, I was too weak to walk. ' But I was not unhappy, for the housokoopor was good to mo, nnd I snvv my husband occasionally ; bo- sidos, I had my ohild. Sho was nevor ohristonod, poor mito; but Ioalled her Lotty, aftor you. As soon as I was quite convalescont, and wanted to go out into the air, I was mot by a refusal on tbo part of my husband. ' Ho insisted on my not leaving tbo house, for fear of being soon, as he said it was most important that my presence should be kopt secret from tho neighbourhood. JL oooyea, out ono moonugut mgnc I implorod Mrs. Barker to lot me go out into tho grounds, promising to wrap myself up so well that no ono could see my face, and she consented. ' Tho sonBO of freedom wns so de lightful that I walked on and on until I enmo within sight of a house that I afterwards loarnod was called tho Mount; and thon, to my utter amaze ment, i saw you at ono of the windows. I could hardly believe my oyos, until I spoko your nnmo, and you answered, thon I know that it must indeed bo your vory solf 1 ' ' If you knew it was I, why did you go away whon I carno down to you ? ' nskod Lottico, roproaehfully, calling to mind hor own koon disappointment at Maroia's flight. ' Because I suddonly remembered what my husband had said, and al though I would hnvo given my right hand to bo able to stay and spoak to you, I darod not disoboy him. I wont into tho plantation and hid my solf in somo shrubs, nnd thoro somo timo lator ho discovered mo and took mo back to tho Grango — for I had overestimated my strength, and could not hnvo roached homo without tho help of his arm. Ho was vory angry at my imprudonoo, and declared that- I should not leave tho house again until I loft it for good. But onoo afterwards I saw you. It was ono rainy afternoon wlion you and a gon tlomnn took sholtor in tho Grango. JL)o you romombor it ? ' 1 Ouly too woll,' answered Lattice, with a shudder, as rIio recalled tho ovonts of that terrible afternoon. ' And whoro did you soo me ? ' 1 In a littlo room at tho end of tho corridor. I had novor soon it before, and whon I poopod in nnd caught sight of you tlio suddon tomptation was too much for mo, nnd I rosolvod to ioi you Know or my prosonoo. lou woro looking in tho mirror, and I saw your faco in it ns I poorod over your shouldor ' Lottico intorruptod hor with a little ory of astonishment. Thou it was you who frightonod mo so ? I thought it was- ' ' A ghost ? ' quoried Marcia, with a faint, shadowy smilo — tho first that Lottico had soon on hor lips since thoir mooting in tho morning. ' Tlio mirror wns vory bluvrod nnd indistinct, and I dnrosny I looked white and woird onough for somo supernatural boing.' ' But your throat — tlioro wns blood ou it ? ' said tbo youngor girl, still iucrodulous. ' No — it was a coral nooklnco. I woro it bocnuso I fanciod baby likod the bright rod. I saw I had frightened you, for you covered your fnco with your hands aud flod from tho room, and I darod not follow bo- 1 cnuso of my companion. If it had not boon for liiin I should havo como down aftor you.' f'l'o be continued. J 