: POINTS. ; . Sojtc of tlio good folk in Sydney aro terribly soared by ghosts just now. When tlioy lmvo coins bearing Her Majesty's imago what will tlioy do with them P. . ' Is tlio old stocking era likely to roturn P "Will thrifty pcoplo again, aB of yoro, put the stockings up tho chimney, or sowtho gold oil' ' sovereigns up in mattresses P Oun Prirao bird of passago is still on tho wing ; hero for n day, iignin away. Many harassed business men would like to . scurry round a bit, and cseapo tho cures and worries of their ofiiccs. If the secretaries of unions didn't make a ' flutter sometimes, what claim would they lmvo ' on £3 a week? If Hnrdaore bad to onduro a share of tho . hard nches of many business men's heads, ho ' might havo a bit more sympathy for bloated capitalists who havo lost all tho b.out. The Paluma senrohod for a shoal near Capo ' Weymouth for two days and could not find it. The Olmngshn, with not the slightest desire for any suoh discovery, touched it on her way. down tho coast. ' ' " A lot of gold is being changed in Sydney from tho safety of the vaults of a sound bank to tho unBCcurity of personal possession by do- positors. The Savings Bank of How South Wales can - pay 21s. 6d. in tho pound. , Ho one know this better than tho soliomers who sat unfounded rumours going in order to havo tho chanco of preying on pnnio-strickcn 'depositors. Tue chairman of tho Tramway Company gavo some oyo-opening figures at the com- mcnocmont of tho confcrenco yesterday.' - As to tho suggestions made by tho employees representatives tho opinion scomod to bo that thcro was but little in them. The advocacy of tho suggestion that some cash receivers should bo dispensed with led on to tho question of dishonesty on tho road in tho past. An understanding and general smilo wos tho reply given to Mr. White's question, "Did you over hear of tho conduotor who had to ring his bell punch up to tho proper amount P" The largo toxts on tho walls of tho Exhibi tion Building are slightly malupropos just now. Were tho largest one inado to read "The pullncss thereof," it might bo a trifle Germane. Over ono of tho liquor bars is tho command, " Lot evory tiling that hath breath praise tho Lord." Of course, with reference to this text, lt.may bo claimed tlint people can bo supplied with breaths ut tho bnr beneath. How would a transcontinental railway, tho entoh cry thut is being bandied about so freely, bonoiit tho colony ? Where would it go to? Whoro fromP What would it carry ; und nt what rates ? Surely thcro is enough howling over tho pro- sent fow thousand miles of railway Queens- landers are proprietors of. The transcontinental railway in tho United States connected tho enst and tho west, and put a stop to dangerous passages via Pannmn, und- by mnil coaohos and prairie schoonors across the wilderness. But what would it advantage to connect Brisbane or Rockhampton with Forth or Hor- manton ? Rather it would bo better , to tap with tho rails many of our mineral fields to which car- r riago rates arc now almost prohibitive. General Booth says that the prosperity of Australia bolongs to tho mushrooni Older and does not blend with religion. What about tho £10,0.00 whioh that samo prosperity was able to yield him ? Evidently tho general did not got out of Australia so muoh as ho had fondly anticipated. Hence theso tears. . Complaints were heard. at tho tramway con- feronco yesterday that cars were hailed without effect by intending passengers. Still Brisbano is not so bad in this respcot as a certain American eity. A resident there saw an acquaintancs stand ing near tho tram lino holding in his bonds a ' bundle of cigurs and a basket of fruit. The possessor of the luxuries oxplaincd that he wanted to board an approaching car, and that unless ho placated tho driver ,ho would bo passed by ! That " nico fat scrub turkey" looked very scraggy after Chief Commissioner Mathiesou had plucked off its feathers. "Bob" Quealo evidently bolioves that ho who spares tho buckle spoils tho "kid.!' He believes, as most othor fathers do, that it is a paternal duly to chastiso his child when ho - is naughty. But tho court says tho chastising must bs, dono in proper, modern to,, nnd becoming' manner. Fathers, must draw a lino between whole some chastisement and merciless castigation. The savings bank in Sydney is not a Govern ment institution, but Government cau lraok it up. It is in a strong enough position to stand a rough UBSault by alarmed and excited deposi tors. 