PHYLLIS FENWPiKE'S ADVEFUJRE. A great deal of unnecessary senti- mcat has, from time to time been spent on the " noble red man and when the "Wild West" show was in Melbourne a few months ago, much sympathetic nonsense was expressed concerning the dnsky savage. But there is no donbt that, a very 'different tone would be adopted by these admirers of the red- skins, if they had to do battle with them in their native haunts. I was forced to undergo this agreeable experience once, in the good old days when the now almost extinct bison roatned the Wild - West in vast herds,, whilst the Indian and the invader were at continual enmity, the former then' being about as civilised as the coyote, and as friendlyas the dreaded "grizzlies." Nevertheless, the white man established himself in the land, and on the whole, he prospered. The time of which I am speaking .was the beginning of the ' gold fever," and my brothers had been, so bitten with the prevalent mania that they used all their influence to persuade my father to give up the old farm in Hawkcsdale, and go to New California. Perhaps their arguments had more weight with my father because ho was shrewd enough to sec that farming was even then becoming a losing game, and the auriferous prospects held ont to him appeared unusually tempting by compari son. I, Phyllis, being only a girl, did not, of course, eSnnt for much in these family arrangements : yet, in a sense, because I was the only daughter, and my mother was dead, I did count very much in my father's eyes, and he would, I verily be lieve, have stayed at home sooner than leave mn behind. Bnt I was as adventurous in disposi tion as any of my brothers and looked forward to the new life with intense in terest, all the deeper, perhaps, because I was so utterly without experience. It was finally decided that my father should take up some land in Hope Valley, El Dorado County, and there, with Charlie Ripley's assistance, start sock-fanning, whilst my three brothers tried their hick at the diggings in the same county. If I had been going to the most luxurious home in the finest part oE the coiintry, I could not possibly have been more eager or enthusiastic over our future prospects It was enough for me that my lover was to share onr fortunes, and what more could a romantic girl whose acquaintance with real hardship had not yet begun desire ? There had been Fenwiekes at Moss- Side and Riplcys at the Birkcts for more generations than I can count ; the two farms lay side by side, and Charlie and I had been little playmates and child-sweetlitarts ever since I can re member ; whence Ha wkesdale considered it a scetuly thing, and that we were only fill filling our destiny, when we grew up and blossomed into real lovers, who were seriously and soberly engaged. Naturally enough, since the course of true love never does run smooth, Fate must put her finger into the pie, to im port a spice of romance into a love affair that th eatoned to l e so decorously dull as ours ; and this element of interest was, it seemed, destined to be supplied at the eleventh hour by the illness of old Mr. Ripley. To my dismay, and Charlie's grief, his father was taken ill early in Feb- rnary, and died before the end of the month, Now uiy folk had decided to start during the second week in March, and to defer our departure would have been equally useless and impossible, since we discovered, to onr chagrin, that Mr Ripley had left all lie possessed to his wife during her lifetime and it was aftewards to be equally divided between Charlie and his sister Alice. It was ont of the question that the only son, to whom the widow now looked for eveiything, should go away, leaving matters in so unsettled a state and his mother to the mercy of hirelings Ob viously, the duty that lay nearest his hand was to stay at home and manage the farm for his mother and sister till some permanent arrangement could be made for their benefit. II. was a heavy blow for us — the heavier becau e it was so unexpected ; bnt Charlie did his best to cheer me and himself by steadily refusing to relinquish the hope of coming out to join ns some time within a year or so ; and at nino- teen, when one is fnll of health and life, a year does not seem so very long to look forward to. ' My lover came with ns a3 far as Liverpool, in order to be with me nntil the last possible minute and defer the inevitable agon' of separation. " There's just the ghost of a chance, yon Know, Phyllis, darling, that I \- sha'n t be tied down to the old country as long as yonr father seems to fancy," he raid, trying to speak lightly. We were standing on deck, hand in hand, in a quiet corner qui c alone, whilst the last precious moments fled away, and tears chased one another rapid y down my pale cheeks. l itis farewell to my native land wa3 by no meaus what I had anticipated, and the difference be- "twecn my rose-coloured visions and the sad, stern reality was too terrible just then for me to make even a pretext of cheerfulness. " I don't see how you can ever como," i returned disconsolately ; " thete are the farm and Mrs Ripley and Alice 1" — enumerating all those terrible obstacles with a little smothered sob. " Yes, dear heart ; bat yon must re member there is also Hugh Dal ton. He and Alice haven't settled matters yet : still they understand each other ; and, if I can but get liiui to Si c his way clear I know J may safely intrust my mother and s ster to his care. Hugh likes to see his way,' yon know, Phyllis ; he's sure and steady. honest as the day ! If I can work round Hugh and get on the right side of him, I'll come, my darling. But we'll say nothing to the others ; this is only a tiny bit of hope for yonr heart and mine to feed upon when we two are parted." There were just a few more last words, and then the long-dreaded moment came. I felt my lover's arms close about me, and the very last pressure of his'Iips to mine ; after that I think he pat me into my father's arms and hurried away down the ladder. I tried to distinguish his face as lie stood on shore, bnt tears blinded rac, aud 1 obtained only a misty view of a sea of upturned faces, with here and there a waving handkerchief, as the Osprey moved slowly out of dock and down the Mersey. a ' a a - We had'jbcen settled in onr new home nearly a twelvemonth, my brothers re maining- with us nntil our new house- — a strong log-cabin of which we were all very proud — was finished and habitable ; then they started " prospecting," finally taking' up a claim not far from onr home stead. where thoy had been working very steadily for some months with more or less snccess. At the log-honse onr party was a larger one than we had at first antici pated, since some oE onr Moss-side labourers had accompanied their old master to Hope Valley in search of for- tnne ; and at tbat time extra hands were welcome enough. Our. venture prospered from the beginning, and I wante!- only one thing to- make me happy ; bnt that thing seemed no nearer of attainment than at first. Charlie wrote as regularly as possible, and his letters were always bright and encouraging. Tiresome- Hugh Dalton however seemed to be a terrible time " seeing his way" to a mutual arrange ment ; and I could not feel very hope ful, knowing Hugh and all the circum stances so well. At any r.-ite.my lover was still tied to his farm at Hawkcsdale, while I was leading my new strange life on a ranclic in El Dorado. 1 think 1 enjoyed the winter as much as any time ; my father was at home a good deal, for one thiug, and, for nu- other, I was by this time growing used to the conditions of life, which has so very much to do with comfort anywhere. Bnt with the lengthening days my father and the " boys" — as we called our labourers — were fully occupied, conse quently I was often alone for many hours ; nevertheless, being a high- spirited gill, f eared very little for that, and seldom felt lonely or. dull. Tramps were not particularly likely to molest us, since the rowdy element seemed to flow naturally in the direction of .the diggings, where it mustered in full force. My brothers used to say all the gaol-birds unhanged had migrated thither, the usual basis of society in it mining community consisting of the scntn and refuse of great cities. Of the Indians we hud hitherto seen little, and that little had not been of an awe-inspiring nature, despite the yarns we had heard from older settlers as wc made our way to onr " location" in the previons spring. We had been visited by a few Clierokees now and again chiefly squaws and papooses, intensely curious about ns, and some of them the most sturdy, impudent beggars I ever saw in my life ; otherwise they were rather friendly, though the men of the tribe seemed inclined to give as a wide berth. In short, with me familiarity bred contempt ; and I had nearly for gotten my old terrors of the ferocious redmcn, with their savage faces and warlike mien, hideous as paint and other native adornments could make them. It was the afternoon of a dark and stormy February day, destined to he a memorable one for me, though I fancied the great excitement was all over with the teparture of the United States mail in the morning. The appearance of this man, who carried a couple of bags and was mounted on a fleet Mexican mustang, was qnite an event in our isolated existence ; and he seemed the one link binding us to the outside world and civilised life. He did not come onr way more than once in six weeks, and this time he was a week behindhand, so I was full of anxiety for his safety, as I well knew he literally carried his life in his hands every day, and had more than once owed liis c-'cape to the speed and endurance of his mus tang. He was the recognised official bearer of the United States mails to these wild outlying districts, and 1 of course had always a letter to intrust to his care ; and many an anxious thought went with him through all the perils which that precious missive mast en counter before the hearer reached a civilised region with his bags. This time I had written to Charlie a particularly long letter, couched in a brighter strain too, since I assured him that, if, he could not come to me I would return to him directly I was of age and my own mistress — that was provided he still wanted me, I added slyly. I seemed to have put all my soul into that letter, writing out of the fulness of my heart sucli tender, loving thoughts as he would be proud and glad to read. Therefore it was with feelings of the liveliest satisfaction that I beheld the mounted mail . depart iri company with my father and the boys ; their way lay together for some tni'es, and with such an escort my piecions letter aiid the man's < life— like a woman, I put the more important thing last !— would be doubly safe. . So for mo this stormy February day was full of- pleasurable excitement-, ana seemed neither dull nor long, since my heart had sped the way my letter went,' and, as usual, my hands were busy enough with my ordinary household tasks. But I went sinVing about my work, scarcely giving a thought to my solitary unprotected condition ; I was used to, being alone ; moreover, I ex pected a couple of the men to return before dusk- About three o'clock one of them made his appearance alone, exclaiming abruptly, as lie entered the bouse — " If them darned cows hain't bin and got out of the yard agen. Miss Phyllis, and it will be dark in little more 'n an hour! T'lio master '11 be main vexed surely." ' You'd better go after them at once, Joe," I returned. " I'd come with you on Dandy, only I'm afraid we shouldn't be back in time ; and it would never do to let father return to find the house locked up." Joe got out a horse and speedily de parted upon his troublesome quest, vowing that the spirit of mischief was in the straying kine to induce them to de part at such an untoward boar ; and i was oncq more alone. But now I bust led about , in good earnest, making np the wood-fire and preparing supper for the hungry men who would all como trooping in shortly after dark. The sun was almost down, but the cold grey light of the winter afterno.cn showed all near . objects almost as dis tinctly as if it were mid-day. I stood for a minute by the window looking out across the wide prairie beyond the cleared enclosure immediately surround ing onr dwelling. 1 was so used to that great level expanse stretching away to wards the purplish- gray horizon, dotted here and them with seiub and sago- bushes, that I had grown to have a certain liking for the boundless plain and tha sense of freedom it gave one, looking far away to the west, where; faint red streaks illumined the gray still.; sky. Yes, I enjoyed the prairie, though it was so different from my native Hawkcsdale. ; Turning away from the window, I noticed a log of wood lying just inside the stockade at the farthest corner from the house ivliich I did not remember: seeing in the morning— -though to he sure our enclosure was not, so famous for neatness that a stray log or so made much difference— and I thought no inore: of it till, repassing the window ton; minutes later, 1 agaiu glanced out. Darkness was fast setting in on ns now, and, though I could see things just out side clearly enough, I was. surprised, to find how dim and misty the distance looked. And the log — it was lying in exactly the same position of course ! I laughed at my fancy, sinec logs arc not usually endowed with the power of movement ; bnt .-.it certainly appeared to me to be. some few yards nearer the house than when first I observed it. " Impossible !" I said aloud, with emphatic solomnity. I decided that 1 was growing nervous and foolish, and my first impulse was io sally forth and set my mind at rest by examining the suspicious . object at close quarters ; but a second thought re strained me, It is well to be bold, bnt not over- bold. \- I peered anxiously into the gathering gloom, striving to take in the familiar aspect of -the yard and my surroundings ; and an eerie feeling crept over me as 1 looked Dusky f-rms seemed to lurk in distant corners, whiisi at regular inter vals certain posts in the rough palisade surrounding our dwelling seemed to pro ject unnaturally. I would have given the world for a companion at that moment. Oh, if Joe had not gone in search of those erraut cows ! Then it struck me thai, owing to the bright fire upon the hearth, my person and the interior of the room were dis tinctly visible outside, whilst the grow ing dusk made it more and more dillicu't for mo jriainly to distinguish objects a dozen yards from the window. I looked at the cloek — it was barely half-past three. Could the house stand a siege of an hour and a half ? I asked myself anxionsy, as i knew right well there was little chance of help before that— for now the unwelcome conviction that the Indians had stolen a march upon inc, and were even now in ambush around the house, could no longer bo ignored or avoided. It was evident they knew mo to be alone aud had laid their plans well. What did thev want ? Simply plunder ; or was it a mingled desire for plunder ami revengo ? Wc had lately lcari.od that they considered them selves aggrieved by the fact that a portion of the land occupied by my father was a part of their hunting- ground. Any way, I knew that I had nothing to hope from an Indian's chivalry, and everything to fear from his cold-blooded treachery ; and 1 resolved to hold the fortress against the redskins till the last, possible minute. Whilst thc-c reflections passed rapidly though my mind I hurriedly made sncli arrangements for the defence as lay in my power. First, I securely barred the heavy shutters, noiselessly - slipped the bolts of both doors — strongjaud well- made, though rough— and also put an iron bar across the door opening into the stockade I contrived to. drag.- a big chest half-way across the kitchen, whereby I barricaded the back- door ; and then I felt, if bolls and bars could keep Oherokees out, I was safe for a time But there was no knowing what their fiendish ingenuity might not devise; and tliry evidently meant business, since they had mustered in considerable force I do not want to make myself- out to be the least bit of a heroine over' this encounter. -I was undoubtedly in- what schoolboys call " no end of a . rnhkr.L out, being brought (o bay in this fashion, I summoned lb my . a id what courage I possessed, and vowed I would resist to the death. And, in spile of my sickening conviction of the almost hopeless horror of my fate, . I was out wardly; cool enough, keeping my wits about mc sufficiently ,tb; appreciate and turn to account sneh --slight advantages as: were on my side.. ,.1 even. experience .; a certain odd elation in the thought that no one I loved was wiih me, sharing, lint not lessening, the awful danger iii which I stood. I have all my lifu font'id it easier to be cnlni in the presence of death and peril when meeting theni alone, knowing that my best-beloved, at; least, were safe and free. . - ; My small attempts at defence wbrcj soon completed, and I ascended . the ladder to the upper story, where I placed a lamp >n the window of tho room over looking the prairie, since that, I knew, would probably be the way by which my father would return, and the unusual sight might possibly warn him of his danger. Lastly I retreated to uiy own' room, and fastened the door. Tho whole of my arrangements, from tho moment that I decided the moving log was an Indian to the instant I locked myself into my room, occupied something under live minntes, as nearly ns I can tell, lint my action had been significant enough for the cunning Clierokees, who instantly prepared for the attack. I fancy they had intended to snrronnd the honse silently, and then rush in and? overpower me before I could offer the slightest resistance. But I had been keener of sight, prompter in action than they anticipated, having taken the alarm whilst the sconts were lying in ambush. There was no mistaking my position i now, I thought, looking down cautiously from my window, which I took the pre caution partly . to barricade with my mattress, and beholding a score or more pf hideous dusky forms below, moving stealthily in. the twilight, like so many cowardly cruel hyenas, thirsting .for my blood. I caught up a spare revolver lying upon the kitchen shelf, and a few eatt- ridges as I retreated, hut I resolved to be very cantions.-an 1 'remain strictly on the defensive. ' I had apparently baffled my foes for a brief space, and they were consulting,' I judged by. their gestures, as to the course, they shonld pursue. . Suddenly they raised a hideous yell that made my blood run cold,. and flung themselves upon the barricaded doors and, windows, absolutely shakings the house with tho fury of their assault; bnt the good holts withstood their United efforta. and the next minute a shower of arrows came rattling against the upper casements, whilst a voiec cried to .me to come down, to surrender, as well' as I could make out from the little Cherokee , I had learned from the squaws. The aim of those poison-arrows was so accurate that the Indians twice - suc ceeded in extinguishing my beacon-lamp, and I had to remove it .to the opposite en-i of:the room, still keeping.it in aline with the window. Then 1- cautiously raised a corner of the mattress and fired, uiy revolver rather, at random iuto the howling, threatening horde below. I was anything but a crack shot, bnt my brothers had taught me how to handle and fire a revolver, and I deter mined to sell my life as dearly as pos sible.' silently vowing that the Chcrokees should never take me a'ivc— I would so far he. mistress of my fate. My answering fire produced an unex pected effect. They had not dreamed of a despised palc-face .squaw daring; to defy them single-handed : and when I reconnoitred, 1 saw I had hit somebody, who was laid ont on the ground to medi tate at his leisure. Of course, the next minute my mattress wn3 stuck full of arrows like a target, and again and again the red men uttorcJ their- war- whoop, and rushed upon the house, hoping to carry the position by main force. They fait that they had mc like a 'coon in a trap, in spite of my resist ance. But at nineteen one dies hard, and refuses to giro up hope till the last gasp. Every minute I could keep t!'.c fiends at bay gave rae a fur! her chance of life ! 1 looked at my fast-lessening store of ammunition, and then I laid aside a couple of cartridges for the agonising moment when I must acknowledge the game to be played out. Even then, standing alone above my tiscrisli foes, so full of health and strength, and life and love," I could not realise that my life was numbered by minutes, or that, humanly speaking, I should never look upon another sunset, or hail the break of another dawn. I emptied my last shots into the seething mass of dnsky beings howling around me — one lonely, defenceless woman. Thcy: were quick to appreciate the fact that I had ceased to fire, and the slioms and yells grew more exultant as a tall flatno shot up suddenly in the grey dusk. What were the fiends about now ? I soon understood — they had failed to force au entrance, and were determined to burn me ont ! Ah, merciful Heaven ! Then it was, I th nk, that hope flickered and went out, leaving my soul in a blackness worse, than night, W ell, I. had vowed to wait till the very last, and I trusted that He who saw my cruel need and my utter helplessness would forgive mc the desperate act I contemplated. I tried to pray, but noth'ng save the publican's brief petition rose to my lips, whilst the events of my whole life seemed to pass vividly before me in a moment of time. I know in that last minute, ..when I .was beyond .despair, beyond hope, my chief feeling was one of thankfulness that iny letter—the very last my own true love would ever receive from me — was safe, miles and miles on its way to him- — that ho would get it, and love and treasure it loiig . before, the ne.vs of my cruel fate could reach him. And, when lie did know all that men would ever learn, the ghastly story would be less agonising for the thought that my last words, my very, last loving thoughts had been all fur him. Ho would have that letter for the comfort until we met again in the silent land beyond the veil. I hoped Charlie knew me well enough to be sure I would never let those yell ing wolves tako.me alive ! Ah, no ! I walked ;to. the table .and opened a little box that, held all uiy treasures. 1 was quite cool and steady now, eajm as death itself, whilst I heard the crackle of. the flames below and saw- their lurid light agaiiist the cold gray sky " Well; my lover's portrait should lie. the last thing my eyes rested upon in life..,. All, Heaven, it was joy unspeakable to know he would never realise the actual. agony of these moments' during -which ,1 could say "I yet live ! " - ' A yell of exultation— the door ; was down, and those -fi'iids in human form rushed in, scattering the hot cinbcrs wjth their.'feet ! Now! ; ' f. . .. What was that ? - An answering shout from English ' throats'! I dropped the revolver and flew to the window, Yes it:was as I believed ; I saw my resetters ; i hoard the thunder of the hoofs as half a score of .horsemen galloped1 oyer,, the short turf and drew bridle at the gates. Tho wolves were well in' the trap now ! I loaned <uit of tho windows and cried t o my resetters to sun otind the dcors. They understood ; and thon came an awful hand to-hand encounter. The Chero'tees were three to one of, their antagonists; bnt the Englishmen fought like, lions and held on w:tli the tenacity of bull-dogs. It was an ugly struggle nnd a hot one while it lasted, bnt there was no doubt abont the issue from the first. I nnbarred my duor and stood at the top of the ladder, watching the breath less, deadly conte-t with fascinated, horrified eyes. I must be with them, 1 felt, facing the same fearful odds, though i could do nothing. It was over at last. The redmen were ignominiously routed, and ; fled, making no attempt to carry off their dead or wounded, nnd leaving my rescnors masters of the field. I was just dimly conscious that the light, was won, and then I remembered nothing more, fori had fainted. Nature will have her way, and, after such a desperate strain is removed, there comes the inevitable reaction. . When I recovered, I f, was lying -upon the kitchen floor, .with, my head nesting on som'o onc?s knee. -.. . ..; " Father— is 'father safe ? " I asked, looking in ' a dazed bewildered , way at the anxions faces snrrohnding me. . . ,. . " Yc3. .Phyllis ; I'm, safe enough, my bairn. We're all right, except poor Joe and Abel. ' She is too dazed, poor lass, to , take it all inV";' he ndde'-i, .in a lower tone. ' ; . , I opened, my eyes again, - and looked tip languidlv- to see who it-was that was supporting me ; till' then it had , not occurred to , me, as/strange, that it, was not. my father. . ,, : " Phyllis.; my own ! " mnrmnred - a low voice, whilst my wondering eyes- met Chnrlie liipley's:,'.;' It iras no dream,. then, bnt his own dear: face bending above, me, his honest grey eyes ; looking. into miue with tender' anxiety. '' '; ' " Yon aro not h iirt,' J-j '"Phyrllis" ?." he asked, in; the same low, eager, tones.,,;; He was: kneeling beside . mo. My head lay upon his shoulder now, : I could even-fee! his heart .beating close to niinc, and;I knew it, w'a3 no dream. I tried to smile as L shook my head, but a passion of tears': came to' 'my relief instead— I was so safe, se happy now ! They let me weep, whilst ; my lover soothed me, ; and the rest left iis alone for a while ; they, were busy securing the horses and making the house safe for the night; "though they resolve! to guard , against' possible surprises by keeping watch in turns. Wren my father and brothers — -whom I now noticed for the first time — re turned to the fire, I wai sufficiently re covered to recount to them what had happened during, that tcrriblo hour' in which I held the house single-handed against the Indians. Of course they told mc I was a little heroine, and seemed as though they could never make enough oE mc. After that I had to hear the explanation of what had previously appeared to. me a sort . of miracle — that is, Charlie's timely arrival, and my father's return a goed halF-honr before I thought it possible he could be home. It appeared that Hugh; Dalton had at last " scon his way," whilst lie and Alice had so far settled matters that tlicy were married the day before Charlie left England. Hugh was to carry on the old farm for Mrs Ripley as. w.-ll as his own, and every ono was satisfied- Nevertheless (J ugh had "so much uiind " that he had not been able to make it up in time fort-he last mail ; therefore Charlie had decided to bring the great news in person by the first ship as the, quickest and most agroeablo way. He bad procured a guide at El Dorado city, who had obligingly con ducted him to the " diggings " at Heron Gnlch, where my brothers made him heartily welcome, and decided to celebrate the occasion by bringing him on homo the next day. It was lucky tliev did. so, and doubly fortunate "that they fell in with my father and the " boys"" returning from work. Charlie was the first to espy my lamp shining at the windows ; they at once . came to the .conclusion that the unusual light meant danger of some sort, and pushed on at a gallop, arriving in the nick of time, as I. have already narrated. a ' ' a .. # ; # ' - Well, I am almost an old woman, and I have been Charlie's wife for many happy years ; bnt; if I live to be a hundred,- 1 shall, never forget the agony of that awfnl hour during which I, a girl of nineteen, hold onr log-house, alono and "unaided, against the red skins; 