MYSTERYlirTHE ABBEY. CHAPTER LXX.—(CONTINUED.) A cold shudder ran through the veins of Meeran Hafaz as he listened to the response, which was pronounced with the heartless tone of an oracle—in fact, coming from such lips, it might almost be deemed as the response of fate—for Dr. Guyot was one of those remarkable men to whom science had as few secrets as humanity had claims; and yet, with all his wisdom, he was the slave of earth's most debasing passion—avarice; that canker of the heart which in youth chills its most generous impulse 0 , in age becomes the engrossing passion of the soul. Of all idols, gold most debases its worshippers. There was a violent straggle in the heart of the young Indian before he could induce himself to promise compliance with the directions of the speaker. Resign for ten days—which appeared to him as many ages the heppiness of seeing Ellen—of pouring his prayers in her ear, laying the burning homage of his headstrong passion at her feet; but the thought, the dread of being her prevailed, and he reluctantly yielded his assent. A smile—so faint that it escaped tha glance of Me°ran—played fcr an instance on the lips of Dr. Guyot—then disappeared. " She must hear no voice save that of her young attendant," observed the latter, " or mine." " Be it so," said his employer; " but till the crisis is past, I shall not leave the place." The old man merely shrugged his shoul- ders, to denote how indifferent the arrangement appeared to him. " I shall at once prepare my draught,' 1 he said, as he quitted the room; " I will remain to watch its effect, and then return to London." To all Meeran'fl entreaties to remain at Mortlake till the danger was past, the doctor turned a deaf ear. He proffered gold—an enormous sum—but the man of science remained unmoved ; he had other patients to attend to, he said, whose safety required his presence as much as Ellen's. " You shall not leave here!" interrupted the young man, passionately; " what are the lives of a thousand of earth's daughters compared to hers?" " And what shall detain me ?" de« manded the Frenchman, coolly. "Force." "My person, possibly," answered the doctor; " but not my mind, my skill, my knowledge! You rave, young man 1 No violence can compal me to employ the only qualities for which you desire my presence. The slightest hindrance to my free action would only be the warrant for the death of her you would preserve!" The argument was unanswerable; even the strong will of Meeran bent to the iron law of necessity—and he reluctantly consented to the departure of the doctor, who seemed to hold in hie hands the balance of life and death. After requesting the physician, at his leisure, to attend to the hurts of the warrener—who, all the time of their conversation had been suffering in silence, in the chair where the young Indian had placed him—he stepped UDon the lawn to rejoin Colonel Mowbray. "Well," said the latter, "what have you done with him V' " With whom ?" " Will Sideler." " Left him to the care of Dr. Guyot." His friend received the intelligence with a dissatisfied air; I10 remembered how the ruffian for years had cherished a , vindictive feeling against his brother. True, the late baronet had not been bound to him by the bond of mutual guilt, and the colonel was supposed to ignore the tie which existed between him and Meeran Hafaz. " Tell me," said the young man, whose suspicions of the Frenchman were only partially allayed ; " this Guyot " " Is possessed of more skill than half the College of Physicians pnt together. I have known him succeed a hundred times when every other hope bad failed." " It is not his skill I doubt." " What, then ¥" "His fidelity," replied Meeran—who proceeded to relate the conversation which had just taken place, and the conditions which the old man had exacted. " And you assented ?'' demanded tho colonel. " What could I do ?" "You acted wisely," continued the querist. " As for his fidelity, as long as you gratify his avarice, I will answer for it he will not betray you; besides," he added, "none know of Ellen's illness—at least none who are likely to feel an interest in the result; the few servants who are aware of her being here are devoted body and soul to your will; there is no fear." Meeran endeavored to persuade himself that euch was really the case; but, like most natives of the E%st, he was naturally of a suspicious nature, and more than once lie regretted the promise which the fear of Ellen's illness had extorted from him. The ayah was even more impatient at "being driven from the chamber of her charge. With the inconsistency of all violent and -passionate dispositions, she refused for a longtime to be separated from the poor girl whose happiness she had eo successfully labored to destroy j her heart yearned to watch over her; it was torture to her proud spirit to see her attended by another—to be made to feel that her presence was abhorrent to her foster-child— •whom she still loved with the wayward, capricious affection of a nurse. That same evening, Suean, who had descended to the servants' hall xo prepare a cooling drink from some herbs which Dr. Guyot had given her, was startled by a tapping at the lofty window which looked upon the lawn at the back of the house. " Are you alone V demanded a childish voice. " Yea." " Then I'll come down," continued the epeaker. " The doors are locked," replied the poor girl, trembling with apprehension lest Zara or the warrener should make their appear- ance—for as yet she knew not of the injuries which the latter had received. I've got a key," was the response. In a few seconds it was heard to turn in the rusty wards of the long-disused lock, and the red-headed urchin who had been 80 unceremoniously treated by Sideler, crept cautiously into the room. With a broad grin upon his features, he stood for some time staring at Susan—who thought, as she recognised him by the light of the solitary lamp suspended from the ceiling, that she had never seen a being more hideous. "Ilike thee," said the boy; "else I Wouldn't have come back. What beest thee here for ?" The prisoner answered only with a sigh. " I could let 'ee out, if I loiked 1" Susan's first impulse was to accept the offer thus unexpectedly made, but the recollection of Ellen's unfriended state prevented her. " I cannot leave," she said. ^ " Why not 1" demanded the lad, with an air of surprise; " does 'ee loike the old mon who wor tuzzling wi* thee yesterday r " Like him!" Bhe replied, with a shudder ; " oh, no! I fear his presence more than anything on earth !" " If I wor thee, I'd cotch him !" " What do you mean ?" "Trap him," continued the strange visitor, "as I do the birds. Cromwell House be a rare old cage 1 I don't mind if I show 'ee how, for speaking kindly to me, and telling the old un not to beat me; they generally laugh in the village," he added, bitterly, " when any one beats or mocks me—that's why I hate un so." Feeling that any chance, however desperate, in her present position was not to neglected, she entreated the unearthly looking urchin to explain himself. "Come with me," he cried; "I'll show 'ee." Passing before her, he led the way to the passage running parallel with the great hall—which passage it was necessary to traverse in order to pass from the servants' rooms to the great staircase; originally there were two staircases—but the one leading from the offices having fallen into decay and become dangerous, had been removed. As soon as thay reached the spot, her conductor, with a grin which rendered his features yet more hideous, pointed to the fljor. " What mean you ?" demanded Susan, who suspected that he was trifling with her." "There it be!" " What ?" "My trap—and yours, if you loike to ootch un; if the old man begins to court ee again, and thee don't loike it, look here J" Kneeling on the ground, as near as possible to the door, tho boy pushed back a part of the moulding at the bottom of tho panel work, and discovered an iron ringby pulling which ho caused the floor to' Open for the epace of ten or twelve feet,' discovering a sort of pit or cellar, of considerable depth. Delighted with what be had done, he remained staring, at Susan, grinning and nodding all the while. The sharp-witted girl saw in an instant the advantage to be derived from the discovery ; it enabled her to place a barrier between the apartments of Ellen and the lower part of the house, wheie the warrener and the ayah were banished. She thanked the poor grateful little fellow, and, drawing forth her purse, proffered him a piece of gold. The boy looked disappointed, and refused it somewhat sullenly; Susan repeatedly and strongly urged him to accept it. " I woan't 1" he muttered. " Bat why not ?" " Because it wor not for money that I showed it." " For what, then ?" demanded the girl, with an air of surprise. " For the koind word and look you gave me, when the old man wor so hard upon I," replied the lad. " I thought I could be of use to 'ee, and so I corned back; and I'll come again," he added, "if you want me." Susan gave him her hand, which he shook heartily, at the same time observing that it wor better nor money. A step was beard in the hall; he hastily closed the trap, and motioned her to fly. "And you?" she whispered. " I know a dozen ways to be off without their cotching me; for the matter of that, twenty or more. This be a queer old place; £ can come in and go out as I loike, and nobody the wiser." So saying, he crept along the passage, and disappeared under a small recess beneath the great staircase. Susan retraced her steps rapidly to the servants' room. When she reached it, the ayah was already there; the woman regarded tier suspiciously. " Where have -you been ?" she demanded. Susan hesitated. " You need not answer me," she continued ; "I will save you the trouble of hatching a lie, which would not deceive me; you have been trying to escape." " And what if I have ?" replied the poor girl, secretly rejoiced that her suspicion extended no further; "the treatment I have received here has not been such that I feel v«ry anxious to remain." So saying, she removed the herbs which bad been simmering on the fire, and re turned to the chamber of her young mistress. Zara's suspicions were not so easily allayed as Susan imagined. After looking carefully round her, she left the apartment, determined to make a personal inspection of the house—to leave no room unexplored except the chamber of Ellen. With a light step, she glided along the corridors; visited alternately the longdeserted drawing-rooms, the sleeping-cham ber, and the oaken gallery—called the council-chamber of Cromwell; not a sound fell upon her attentive ear. Just as she was on the point of returning, a slight rustling near one of the windows which opened on tho roof startled her: as she gently drew aside the casement, and peered foith, a eountonance encounted hers so closely that they almost met; it was that of the cow-boy, who was so terrified by the Oriental style ot head-dress and swarthy features of the ayah, that he mistook her for one of the ghosts he had so often hoard of. With a yell of terror, he rolled along the roof, and, but for the parapet, must have fallen over, screaming: "The ghost! the ghost!" Zara descended to invoke the aid of Meeran ; when they returned, the boy had disappeared; it was some days before he ventured to approach the house again. CHAPTER LXXI. Justice is lame as well as blind amongst us. —OTWAY, When Joe found himself at the police office, his first care was to despatch a messenger to Lawyer Elworthy, confident that the clear- headed old man would be much better able to deal with any charge which his enemies might bring against him than he himself could hopo to be. It was the first time in his life he had ever been taken before a magistrate, and he naturally betrayed that dread which the uncharitable take as an indication of guilt—tho more fair ns a pror,f of innocence. " numph 1" muttered an old officer, as poor Joo, after an hour's detention, wasj conducted before his worship ; " an old i offamler i" i The speaker had been drinking at a' neighboring publichcuse with the butler and the footman. "Did you ever see me before?" demanded Joe, who perceived that the magistrate had noticed the expression, and that the effect was unfavorable. The man Bhook his head; he did not venture to assert positively that he had, although ho felt an inclination to do BO ; but the shake of that grey head conveyed to his worship more even than a response in the affirmative would have done. The prisoner naturally felt indignant, and repeated his question, with the same result. "Speak, Simmonds!" said the magistrate. "Vy, your vurship," deliberately answered the officer, " perhaps I should not exactly like to swear to it—these gentry do disguise themselves so very cleverly; sometimes tbey dress as parsons, sometimes as countrymen ; it was a feller in a welweteen jacket like that who robbed Lady Dacre of her diamonds in the Green Park—not that I mean positively to say it was the same." "Yuu had better not I" muttered Joe significantly. " Proceed with the charge," said the magistrate, gravely. The footman mounted into the witnessbox, and, being duly sworn, stated—that the prisoner called at the house of Colonel Mowbray, under pretence of seeing a young woman who had lately resided there ; that, suspecting his intentions, he had tried to dismiss him—but the feller refused to leave; that, despite his remonstances, h9 had forced his way into the hall, and com- mitted the assault complained of upon the butler. The butler next displayed his broken head, and added that, since the departure of the prisoner, he had examined the platebasket, and missed a spoon. " Ah 1 ah!" said the magistrate; " robbery as well as assault 1 Let him be searched!" Poor Joe's pockets were immediately turned inside out by the officers; nothing, however, was found upon him except a well-filled purse and the letter he had received from Susan; it was read by the clerk. It ran thus: " Now is the time to come—ask for me—say yon come from the country; the servants are very stupid and conceited, especially the footman ; they will not suspect anything; her ladyship, I fear, begins to look coolly upon me. Tour affectionate SUSAN." " A regular plant!" muttered the old officer. " Evidently an accomplice!" observed the justice; " has his cell been searched ?" One of the attendants replied in the affirmative, and added that nothing had been found. The butler glanced reproachfully at the tall footman, who began to look excessively puzzled at the result. At this stage of the proceedings, fortunately for Joe, Mr. Elworthy made his appearance. The worthy lawyer proceeded at once to the bench, shook hands with the magistrate, and then nodded familiarly to the prisoner. At the sight of the man of law, the butler was observed to turn very pale. " Bless me 1" exclaimed the justice; " are you acquainted with the prisoner ?" " Perfectly well," replied Mr. Elworthy; " he is a friend of mine." " A friend 1" Such a declaration from a person of the lawyer's well-known respectability produced an evident impression in favor of the accused; even the old officer began to think that he had judged a little too hastily. " He is charged with an assault!" " Possibly 1" " And suspected," continued the magistrate, "of a design to rob the house of Colonel Mowbray." " Impossible!" exclaimed Mr. Elworthy emphatically; " it is not more than fourand-twenty hours since he left Norfolk, by my advice and request; we travelled together. I was perfectly aware of his intended visit to Colonel Mowbray's, and can answer that his intentions were not only honest but praiseworthy. Such an accusation is most preposterous, unless," he added, smilingly, " you suspect me of being an accomplice." Such an idea of course was not to bo entertained for an instant. The charge of intended robbery was therefore at once dismissed, and nothing then remained to bo disposed of but- tho assault, to establish • which tho butk-r was callod into the i wiiBess-b- sx ; be mounted most rcIuelAiitly ; —all hie effrontery seemed suddenly to • have deserted him, and he studied as much as possible to turn his face from the bench. The lawyer eyed him for a few moments, with an air which betrayed a confused recollection. Suddenly he turned to the magistrate, and whispered a few words in his ear. " Are you ceitain ?" said he. " Most certain," continued Joe's friend ; " question bim." The justice remained silent, however, till ho had made bis deposition. He then asked Joe what he had to say in answer to the charge. " I cannot deny it," replied the young man, modestly, but firmly. " I called to see a good and virtuous girl to whom-; " Here he hesitated, but an encouraging smile from Mr. Elworthy urged him to proceed. " Speak out 1" exclaimed the clerk. " To whom," continued Joe, " I am engaged to be married; there bo no harm in that. I was accused of an intention of robbing the house—ordered to quit it like a dog—and so I—I did give him a tap, just to remind the fellow that civility was due to every one. If he bears any malice," he added, " and your worship will see fair play, I'll have it out with him Norfolk fashion. I bear no malice." We need not inform our readers that Joe's offer was not entertained for an instant; it was contrary to the practice of the court. " Mr. Beans," said the magistrate, suppressing a smile with some little difficulty; " you are fined forty shillings to our lord the king, and discharged." The money was handed to the clerk, and the prisoner told by one of the officers that he might leave the dock. The instant he was released, he advanced to the table, and begged to know if he might speak a few words. " Certainly 1" was the reply. " It is only to inform that pale-faced rascal, who stands as if he could not look an honest man in the lace, where he may find the spoon whose loss he complained of." " Dear me 1" 6aid themagistrate, " do yoo know anyihing about it V " Yes, your worship 1" "Where is it?" " In the footman's pocket," replied Joe, who recognised the livery coat, and proceeded to relate how the kind-hearted cook had witnessed the rascally attempt to criminate him, and the manner in which it had been transferred from his possession to that of the crest-fallen servant, who looked as if he meditated an escape. The butler was already skulking out of the witnessbox. The footman was searched, and, to his confusion, the spoon produced from hia pocket. " I have acted more honestly to you," said Joe, "than you would have done to me. I have explained to his worship how it came there!" "And I can prove it 1" exclaimed a female voice from the crowd. " Silence in court, there 1" exclaimed the red-nosed officer. " I won't 1" exclaimed the same voice ; "lama witness—justice is justice 1 The young man is nothing to me—of course not—but I'il speak the truth. Ii'd not often that I make up my. mind to do anything, but when 1 do, I'd like to soo any ono that could stop me!" The cook, her countenance flushed with anger, bustled ber way to the table through the crowd, and, without waiting to be sworn, begin, with that amiable volubility so peculiar to her s.-x and profession, to relate everything that had taken place ia the servants' hall; adding that she was " ready to take her oath to Joe's honesty." In confirmation of which, she seized the book, which the clerk bad been veiuly tendering, and kissed it with a smack which proved the heartiness of her testimony, if not its truth. " Your worship," said the tall footman, in a mincing tone, " she is Uameroua on the youne; fellow, and will swear anything." " Will I!" replied the woman, with spirit. "At any rato, I am not such a fool as to bo hamerous on a pitiful, cowardly, sneaking, lickspittle cur as yoa are J Please, sir," ehe s:id, turning towards th® b neb, " I never seed him till this morning, and ten to onp," she added, with a 6igh—for she had heard Joe's declaration respecting Susan—"after to-day, if ever I soe him again." Who would bavo thought that mountain of llcsh concealed so much true womanly ra'.aiv ? Bui va should nr-vor ju-go by \--pre.iraacts. On tho demand of Mr. Ei vfiiiby, hf-r evidrrsce WHS rt-gdar-y t&kdi; 4otvn, and he declared his intention to prosecute the two servants for conspiracy sod forgery. The men saw that their scheme was defeated. The opinion of overyou e in court •was unfavorable to them. Even the rednosed officer, who had so coudescendingly ehared their drink at the public-house, began to look indignantly at them. He felt that his respectability had been compromised. " Officers !" said the magistrate sharply, see that neither of those men leave the court!" Then, addressing the butler, who been forced back into the witness-box, he asked him how long be had lived in the service of Colonel and Lady Mowbray. The fellow replied with great volubility, and endeavored to shirk the question, by assuring his worship that he had lived only in the most distinguished families, and that, if he would send for the colonel or her ladyship, they would give him the best of characters. *' Doubtless!'' drily muttered the lawyer. The experienced man of justice was not to be eo baffled ; he repeated the question, and demanded a straightforward answer. It came at last—" reluctantly as birdlime comes from furze "—but it did come at last. " About three months." "And who recommended you to the colonel continued the justice. There was no reply. " Shall I ttll you ?" added the speaker. 1 1 Perhaps it was your late master, Captain Elton?" At the name of Captain Elton, several of the officers began to rummage amongst the papers and handbills offering towards for goods stolen or lost, and the apprehension of various offenders. They soon came to one giving a desciiption of the valet of the late eon-in-law of Sir Jasper Pepper, •charged with absconding from the hotel, on the night of his death, with a dressingcase, containing a considerable amount of cash and jewellery. The thief had beon accurately described, and the reward was one hundred pounds. The red nose of the old police-officer became of a yet darker hue as he perused the document. " Curse the fellow !" he muttered; " he lias robbed me of a cool hundred ! To think that I should have been drinking with him, too! There i3 one consolation," he thought; " he is sure to hang for his impudence!" In the days of George IIL, the punishment for such a crime as the valet of the late Captain Elton had committed was nothing less than death. No wonder, then, that he turned pale when ho first "recognised Lawyer Elworthy upon the benchJ Something whispered him that he was betrayed. " This is a mistake!" replied the terrified wretch. " That you must prove upon your trial," blandly observed the magistrate ; " the laws are very humane, and afford every facility to a criminal to clear himself— if lie can.'" "Send for my master!" " He can speak to your character, if you it, on your tcia', my good man." " I am sure he will bail me I" His worship, in the same mild tone, gently reminded him that it was out of his power to accept bail for a capital cffence ; but added, that he would remand him, if be particularly wished it. It is curious to observe that the instant a man is charged with any crime affecting his life, with what extreme courtesy the magistrates, judges, and even gaolers, treat himj he becomes an object of personal interest; is surrounded by the most attentions; sheriffs, chaplains, and turnkeys address him in the blandest tones. When Claude du Val, the dasbicg highwayman, was sentenced to execution, he declared that he had lost all hope of life, from the politeness of those aronnd him. Despite bis entreaties the justice decided on remanding him, in order to give time to complete the evidence against him; and the tall footman shared his fate, on a charge of conspiracy, Joe being bound over to appear againBt him at a future df.te. As the honest fellow left the office, accompanied by Mr. Elworthy, they encountered the cook, who looked rather reproachfully at the hero of the day; it was not his fault that her dreams of the roadeido inn and handsome landlord had been so suddenly dissipated. Joe pressed her-fat red hand in his, and warmly thanked her. " I have only acted like an honest girl," ehe said; " and you owe me no gratitude. I shall lose my place through it," she jhd&tfi; " J» doubt} bat that is no great matter; I can live without serving anyone." " Should that prove the case," observed the lawyer, " you have only to apply to me—I will provide you with a home." Her heart was too full to thank him. True, she had only seen Joe for an hour; but that hour had melted her susceptible heart—although a cook, she had both feelings and a conscience. " Have you learnt anything ?" inquired Mr. Elworthy of his companion. " Alas, nothing!" "I," replied the woman, " can tell you what, perhaps, you will be glad to know ; if, as I suppose, your inquiries are for the colonel's niece." " They *re!" " You must seek her, then, atMortlake!" So saying, ehe turned aside, and disappeared from their gaze. (To le continued,) 