A SIDELIGHT ON HISTORY. PARKES' VIEW OF THE 0'FARRELL CASE. What He Says in His Book. And What tho Facts Say. No. I. ' On March 12, 18G8, occurred an event which shook Australia to its centre. Aifrod, Duke of Edinburgh, second son of Queen Victoria, wus wounded severely by a shot fired by a young man named Henry James O'Furrell while a guest at a public picnic held at Clontarf, Middle Harbor, Port Jack son. Tho evont, serious enough iu itself, has had consequences moro baneful thau those produced by any other crime recorded in Australian annals. By the Govern ment of tho day the outrage was regarded as tho outcome of a deeply-rooted and widely-spread treason able conspiracy, and itsucceedcd in impress ing the like conviction upon a considerable section of the population of New South Wales at least. In spita of protests from some of its mo3t thoughtful men in the community, such as William Mnoleay, John Hay and William Forster, this crimo of an isolated monomaniac was assumed to be the work of a Fenian body, and by a transition of passionate prejudice Foniauism was, in infiumed minds, identified with Roman Catholicism. As a consequence, the community might, without exaggeration, be said to have been rent in twain, and ' the breach between two. important divisions of the people can scarcely be said to be yet healed. For that rending and that breach one man is almost entirely responsible — Sir Henry Parkes. what 1ie says in iiis 'book. : No copies of Parkes work, "Fifty Years in the Making of Australian History," are yet on sale, but, by one of. those occult channels which oonnect Par kes with a certain Sydney newspaper office, ' a review of certain " ad- tuiiuc suuevo miss teuvueu wiiu uiiu uuo been given to the world. From this review we are enabled to learn that Parkes' view of the O'Farroll ease remain's unaltered. The reviewer qubtes the author as saying : — "I feel bound to place on' record my beliof that he was pci-fcully sane," , And later : — ' i.\ 'I Iu a book like thin, whatever Imay have wished to do, I- would not omit this passage in my lifol. Thore were two objects to bo, served: To vindicate my own reputation, which I now leave with the facts and ex planations placed on record, and to give a clear and definite character to the at tempted assassination. It seems to mo beyond dispute that the attempt upon the Duke of Edinburgh's life emanated from a plot." And agaiu : "As to the existence of such plots at different times, the evidence . that has existed is overwhelming." This is decisive. The stamp Parkes placed on the soft wax of his contemporaries' pre judices he evidently designs lo bo the per manent shape the episode must receive in Australian history. Ho now demands tha judgment of posterity, for, to tho generation at maturity in 1868, the generation now maturing is posterity. With respect to tho O'Furrell ease, the protagonist was not the criminal, but Parkes, the alleged "greatest living political force in Australia," Ho therefore challenges posterity to confer unon him fame. Let us see whether its pronouncement should not bo something very different. THE FACTS OF THE CASE. We propose to take tho facts and state them as dispassionately us they appear in the perspective of history — not all tho factB of the episode, for ail are not material to our purpose, which is to consider Parkes' rela tion to tho caso, to the terrible burden of dissension with which ho has weighted the colony, and to tho primary question of tho existence or non-existence of a conspiracy. This is not a history of tho crimo and all its consequences. We will not, for instance, relate how magistrates despatched inflam matory. telegrams, such as this from -Bathurst : " Do not he deceived. Two or threo of, the Roman priests and sevoral of their body here have refused to sigu address to Queen." Nor how, threatening letters were poured in upon the Government " to strengthen its hands" — letters nicely gar nished with drawings of daggers and coffins, spirator ; and how tho Prime Minister of the country dare not appear before a Par liamentary tribunal to support tho action of his colleague Parkes j how Bardett Smith offended heaven by composing his additional verses for tho "National Anthem how a copy of O'Farrell's dying declaration was handed to Mr. Dallay, and by Mr. Dalloy to Mr. Maoleay ; how tho police authoriti- ties admitted they could find no evidence of tho existence of treasonable organisations ; how they contradicted Parkes more than once — these facts also shall remain unre lated. A brief chronology we may give as clearing the way for a vivid apprehension of tho gravamen of our indictment of Parkes. THE CHRONOLCOY OF THE CASE. It was on Thursday, March 12, 1868, that O'Farroll shot the Prince, On tho I81I1 the Treason Felony Act was passed through all its stages in the one day ; the 27th witnessed his Royal Highness' reappearance in public; ou the 29th (Sunday), among other ecclesi astical demonstrations of thanksgiving for tha Prince's escape, a pastoral, issued by Archbishop Poldicg, was read iu all Roman Catholio Churches. Ou tho 30th O'Fart-ell was placed on his trial, and on tho following day was oonvicted and capitally sentenced. On April 6 tho Prince sailod from Sydnoy for England, and tho same dav the Execu- tive Council decided that the criminal should bo hanged on the 21et instant, tho sentence being duly carried out ou . the day appointed. April 28 was the day sot apart for " tho general thanksgiving to God for the speedy and effectual recovery of tho Prince," and was observed by all claseos and denominations. Hero the acquoncc of tho dates on whioh happened tho distinctly public events peculiarly re lated to the attempted assassination might bo considered to end, wore it not that tho history of tho case had bccoino complicated by "the unparalleled and unpardonable conduct" of Sir, then Mr., Henry PurkoB. Other dates become, in consequence of his action, of rod-latter importance. These muBt bo now mentioned, as follow . some red-letter dates. March 12.— On tho night of tho- crime, Air. larucB oeing present, as tue time, Henry Wagor, head of tho detective force, discovered at tho Clarendon Hotel, nt whioh O'Farroll had been staying, what purported to be " tho loose leaves of a private journal or diary " in tho hand writing of the accused. March 13. — F, R, Bernard, principal warder of tho gaol, interrogated O'Furrell, and reported the result to tho authorities. March 18.— Having previously had several "unreported conversations" with the accused in his coll at Darlinghurst, Mr. Parkes had further conversations with him, which were taken down in shorthand by a reporter of tho Sydney Morning Herald, the prisoner being unaware of the proximity of tho roporter. March 20. — The Herald reportor was again present at, and took notes of, another conversation held between Principal Warder Bernard and the prisoner. March 21. — Mr. Parkes, as Colonial Sec retary, addressed a despatah to tho Colonial Secretary, New Zealand, covering, " for the of the New Zealand Govern ment," a copy of the Treason Felony Act. Similar communications had been addressed two days lief- rs to the Governments of the other colonies— similar, at least, as to the tenor of the first clauses of the despatch. March 23. — Eight special constables are sworn in for the purpose "of detecting illegal organisations in Sydney." March 24.— Mr. Parkea again converses Willi the prisoner, and tho questions nnd answers aro again noted by tliu reporter. March 24. — Principal Warder Bernard writes to principal gaoler as to conversa tions between tho visiting surgeon and O'Farroll. March 25. — The Governor, Earl Belmore, receives a letter inLimntittg an attempt is to be made on his life. Tho lottcr is one of numerous communications threatening tho life of tho Governor, Mr. MarLin and Mr. Parkes said to have been received about this time. April 9.— Tlie eight special constables resign their permits, their spokesman writing: "That wo havo not succeeded (in discovering any matter realty important), allowing there to be such a society, has not been owing to want of energy on our parts." April20.— Mr. H.P». Benedict (having pre viously had nil inters iew with Mr. Parkes) writes hiin the first of a long series of com munications. April 21, — O'Farroll having been hanged in the morning, Mr., afterwards Sir, William Mack-ay requests tlie Colonial Secretary in tliu Assembly in the afternoon to produce O'Fiirroll's dying declaration ; the Colonial Secretary refusing, the statement (or a duplicate) wa3 then read by Mr. Maclcny. Mr. Parkes, as a reason for his refusal, stated that at the same time as the state ment was oponcd by hiin "another state ment was opened of tho very highest im portance. The statements must be con sidered one with the other. Ho had never heard that it was proper to nsk for state ments of the kind when the Government had to grapple with anew kind of crime . . . deeply sealed in tho colony." May 4.— Charles Miller, alias Myers, alias Thomas Smith, a prisoner for larceny, is recommended for a remission of his 18 months' sentence (passed March 10 pre vious), July 13.— J. W. M'Cormack is paid £4, by tho Colonial Secretary's orders, "for giving (sic) timely information that his Royal Highness' life was premedilatod." .August 10: Captain M'Lcric, Inspector- General of Police, reports to the Colonial Secretary ou tho whole action of tho police. . , the kiama ghost, and after. August 24. — " Mr. Parkes" delivered his fumouB " Kiama mystery speech." October, 10.— Ho delivered a speech at Jamberoo, and, though no longer in office, reiterated his belief that: O'Farrell's aetioti was the result of a deeply-rooted and widely-spread conspiracy. : .December 10. — Mr.' 'Maoleay moved a motion : for the production of papers relating to an alleged conspiracy to assassinate the Prince. December 15. —The papers are laid on the tablo of the liouso by Mr. Parkes, tho :Attorney-Genoral (W. M. Manning) having expressed the opinion that "refusal to givo up papers said to have been removed by Mr. Purkcs referring to the case would confer right of action by the Crown. The same day Mr. Macleay's motion for it select committee to inquire into the alleged conspiracy is carried. February 17, 1869. — Tho select committeo reported adversely to Mr. Parkes, but that gentleman carried an amendment which led to the expunging of tlie report from the proeeediugs of the committee, inasmuch as it (the amendment) declared " that the re port contained numerous statements and inferences not warranted by tho evi dence." October 8. — Tho Assembly ordered the original . depositions in tho case to .be printed. filling in the outlines. Tho chronological abstract above given may lie regarded as tho skeleton of the story. We shall now proceed to clothe tho skeleton with the flesh of fact, in order to see, as our contemporary's reviewer puts it, whether, " in the dry, clear light oast by a judgment far removed front the pnBsion and panic of tho hour," Sir Henry Parkes standB justified, or whether the demands of truth would not have been better mot by the adoption of the select committee's report than by the substitution for it by a partisan majority of an amendment which, giving Parkes a nominal oxculpation, re affirmed his culpability for actions which unnaturally inflamed tha public miud at the time, and which bore shameful fruit there after. ' the points at issue. . Tho points at issue are two. First— Was O'Farroll insane, or at least a monomaniac with a delusion as to His obligation to right tiio wrongB of Ireland? And second — Whether there wus evidence, at the timo or later, forthcoming to show that the criminal hud accomplices in his felon deed, and that there was any conspiracy for the purposes of treason and assassination. We submit that in the judgment of every unbiased mind— Sir Henry Parkes' re affirmed opinion, and tho action of tho House in rejecting the report of tho Bclect committee notwithstanding — it will beniado evident tlint O'Furrell v/as, if not insane, at all events "the half sane scion of a half sano family that, while ho might havo sympathisers, perhaps, indeed, ad mirers, Bueh were only to bo found in tho very dregs of tho popu lation ; that traces of a coherent, organised conspiracy have never been de tected ; tlint the action of Sir Henry Parkes all through tho affair was either prompted by a desiro to make political capital out of it, or showed that he himself had lost his mental balance ; and that he, and not O'Furrell, sowed the seeds of those religious animosities and sectarian feuds which curse the country at this very moment. "the panic OF the hour," Let it bo romembered that thepublio mind at tha period of tho crime had swung from one point of extromc feoling to an extreme point of the reverso feeling — had described the whole are, from the pinnacle of udoring delight to the pinuaclc of rovcngotul passion. Wo ean bawllv nnrlomtn.nrl nr. thin rinv hnw tho ""'"'J — J community went mad over tho Duke of Edinburgh. It lost its many heads over him, and was on the verge of delirium at the mighty condescension visible in tho visit this Bon of England paid us colonists. Then, while thus tho people were exult ing in their madness of joy, rang out tho report of O'l'arrell's revolver ! What wonder that the revulsion was as pro nounced as it was rapid— that the delirium of rejoicing was succeeded on the instant by tho scarcely moro excessive delirium of fear, and horror and revenge I For tho mass there was much exouso ; for tho cool— avowodly cool — intellects at the head of affairs there was none if they gave, way to " panic and pasBion " a3 tho mob did. But did they? Let tho Treason Felony Act fspeak, and the proceedings at O'Farrell's trial answer. Til P TRfTAnV VPT.flHV AfTP IRP.fi This bill was carried in one day through both Houses. It passed the Assembly by a majority of -14 votes to 2, the minority being W. Forster and W. Stewart ; and in the Council the ono voice raised to depre cate tho " uncalled-for severity " of the measure was Sir John Hay's. It is said thut in his book Sir Henry docs justico to Sir John Hay. We hopo ho has, but if ho has failed to remind his readere that John Hay opposed with strcnuouB dignity the passage of tlie brutal measure, ho certainly has not done him justice. How brutal it was can scarcely he known to tho prcsont generation. It mado language dis respectful to the Queen, whether uttered in private or iu public, or a refusal to join in a loyal toaBt,tu felony ; it made approval of such disrespect a misdemeanor ; it guvo justioca of the peaco power to enter and employ force in entering tho iiouses of persons suspected of possessing papers, Sea., of a naturo doolarod by this Aat to bo treasonable. A bill of this kind marked a retrogression of a century. And yet it was passed in ono day ! To show tho temper oi tho Houses, it need only bo said thac the following words were lingering in the Legis lative Councillors' cars nt the very moment of its introduction " He had (at Clontarf) done what he could to get hold of this tnan (O'Fnrrell) and hang him up to a treo. . . . Ho hoped the wretch would bu hanged on a gnllows 50 cubits high." Who spoke those words ? The presiding officer of tho Chambor— tlie Presi dent 1 Was it a marvel that, when Presidents and Ministers went mad, the mob should go tnadaleo? Well, iu a whirlwind of madness the bill becume. law, and wns sent to England. It was not disallowed, but was, indeed, obviously saved from dis allowance only bv the consideration that the action might be construed to the party- detriment of "a prodigiously loyal" Go vernment. Still, the terniB of dissent penned by the Duke of Buckingham and Chandos on May 30 and October 22, 1803, stand uniquo in quality of soverity among all despatches before and since. The British Ministers could be loyal and, at tho same timo, sane. o'farrell's trial. This event is another proof of tho "passion and panic" that prevailed. While tho pcoplo was still in its madness, while denunciations of tho criminal were being poured in every variety of form upon his doomed head— iu sermons, speeches, illuminated addresses, puemn„loailing urticles— lie was with shame ful unseemliness of haste put upon his trial. Tho determination of the people to have him hanged was shown by ono fact. His counsel, B. C. Aspinall nnd W. B. Dalley, wore repeatedly insulted in the public thoroughfares. To place hiin on his trial nt such an hour wn3 to deny justice. Yet the Martin-Pnrkes Ministry did this, nnd that substantial justice was denied to O'FarrclI no one can 'donbt who reads tho whole evi dence now. The felon was epileptic ; ho had been eccentric from his youth, and more than eccentric— over trembling on tha vergo of insanity; frequently, indeed, insane. This much was proved. But the jury hy their verdict held differently. Wo question, however, whether even tnut jury could havo come to any other conclusion than that O'Fnrrell was insane, if evidence had been given ns to the existence and nature of a diary or private journal alleged by Sir Henry Pnrkes to have been discovered in tho room tenanted by O'Fnrrell at a Sydney Hotel and to be in his handwriting. 