THE DOCTOBS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollara (£200,00) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price! Mr Thomas Gaskln, "of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near'Derby, is notFO richas many, being a gardener^ bat he wee ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story and he shall tell it m his own way, Mr Gastrin goea on tosay : " Up to eight years ago 1 had nerer tost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living atBeeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fellawav, I had dreadful pun after eating, a bad taste in my month, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with mj liDgers. My chest used to 'fil np' and my throat would swell so that I could nnt button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly of a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking coach, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood riishedoutoF my ears. I became exhausted and abort of breath and had to call the doctor, and was m bed five or six we^ks. " I then went as out-patient to the .Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for sir months was very little better. I got. so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept petting better, then worsf. ar,d at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave'me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infjrmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the Hospital were full, and I saw my clnb doctor and aUo. two doctors' at Derby. The first one said/Foii are in. agaUoping consumpti and. must die'; the other doctors after soand- ^ IW'lpngs and chest, said nothing, hi '^Gettiog-j^litHe' better ruy old 'master allowed me to do-wliat little I could in his : gardens and gronndś; rind some days I -worked a little^ aud would then be away for a few days. Things went on like this until Denembet, 18S8, -when I caught , cold, got •veiy-ahort of breath, "and broke down completely. I waa always coughing and Bpi ting up phi -gm, sometimes as mudht as a tea-cupful at once. «iul was afraii to go to sleep fo fear the phlegm would choke me. At this t the whites of my eyes turned > ellow and my eyes were hlonrishnt. My lips and mcihth were dry an<l parched, and I ofteu broke out into a c.ld clammy sweat. My ton sue was like a piece of brjwu leatlu r, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I man axed to get np for a few hours at a time, bnt wj« so weak I had to take hnld of the furniture to move a few yards. I was alwayB tired and weary, and sitting Or lying was never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to rea11 often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing hut akin and bone, and was so nervous I ouldn't bare the least noise, and tbe children at p'ay quite upset me. "The doctor kept on attending me. but he said, 'I can do you no good ; I can only pa you up, because your lungB.are diseased then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I conld hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did me any good and my friends who came to see me said, 'Well, you won't cough much laager, you have mere prepare for another world.' About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tath»m who works in the paper mills'^Lt Darley .Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Beigel Synipf and told me "how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He epoke. so much in praise of this -medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores, in Victoria Street After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down,' and in a' few days more I was able to get out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to set: my master, who asked what had wrought the improvtment, and I told him, as I tell everyone that Mother Sejgel's Syrup had saved my Hfe. I commenced work at once and have never lost a days work' since. *H)f .course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Stjgel's <yrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." - In giving his consent to the publication of this mnirkalile statement, Mr Giskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetly, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with a'f the facU alleged. Mr Gaskin his lived at Darley Al>bev for 22 years and bears an excellent repu ation. Now. what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not gaJUoping consumpt certainly (as tme of .the doctors-thought), he would hone gattoped'into his grave in than three months, instead ol glowing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric cxtarih), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is ao often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When tbe right remedy. Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used, the disease yielded, as all diseases of thedigestive tract do yield to that magnifice preparation. We heartily congratulate M r GiBkin on bis r -coiery, and commend the lac's of his case to thinking people. 