CHAPTER V. “Oltf/J” Tbs son upon the third Sunday in June had gold tinged nature’s sweetest garb. I have neVer witnessed a more perfect dawn. And 'i^t was tho beauty o* that morning that qiused Ivan to in vito Irono and mo to tako a run over the Palisades. Ivan had b&on; making a day Miu»utu c* iUthlttl imat, and his descriptions of the scones had so awakened us to the Anticipation of a jolly outipg that Ireno and I gladly con sented to go. Ten o'clock found us high upon tho cliffs overlooking tho grand old Hudson. It must have been an hour past mid day when a cloud, a more dot, appeared like a-freckle upon the fnco of the sun. A nervous breeze sprang up, moro ac tive than the calm, fanning wind of the morning. The cloud cast a shadow upon'the treetop, and for a moment its limbs formed the outlines of a double, cross upon the white doth beneath our little banquet. I started as one Ou,t of a dream and looked at Ivan. My face must have been ae colorless aa the spread, for he asked jf I were ill. "IiOokP’ T exclaimed. "That double He seemed not to understand. “It is only a shadow," he said. "But once before I saw it. Don't you remember—upon tho hack of my let ter!" Ho laughed outright, called me a fool ish woman and told me that I must not ding to superstitions. "A strange trait, that, with thp Swe dish people," he added. "They swear by signs. Why, upon my word, Ccsca, if yen go on like this yon will be telling ns that you see some of those funny lit tle men popping out of the rocks yonder, ' aldn to thoeo that jjour Swedish peasants deelarb dwell in the forest. And while I think^bbnt it, Rip Van Winkle's Utils gnomes did use to play at tenpins not far up tjie river—over in Sleepy Hollow, you know,” he jested. . . fie' had np sooner spoken than a huge, thick cloud flung ita black mantel over the face of the spn. . Tho wind arose, higher, madder, faster. The waters of the Hudson rose and pranced and stood up right A great, roaring noise of threat and chaos filled the air, deafening in its force. Tho waters below dashed and foamed. Small sails wore picked up, tossed and hurled shoreward. The noting parties mode fpr tho shel , ter of cafes and the village near by. Cornfnslgn reigned. The sky grew dark blselc. The imps of evil seemed to rise oat of the very, earth beneath our feet. Agents of fury and warning dan gled from the sky. A brilliant flash of lightning crossed the scene, quickly followed by s erhsh of thunder. I clung to' Irene,' who was quaking with ■ fright, the flaqh had told mo that Ivan was deathly pale. ' ■' "Too late to move now!" was all that he could say.; “Butlt is hardly upon us. We might roach the nearest cafe. Besides, this tree is a dangerous conductor," ! pro-. "The whole scene is shrouded,” he whispered. "We are as safe here as any Another flash carnet In the direction of the bushes to tho west I noticed a figure stealing toward us—a woman. "Look!. . Sho has lost her way. Como nearer to mo—closer, Ivan, closer! I fear! I tremble!” I cried, as ho clasped me in' his arms. But the woman only quickened her pace, which wo discov ered by tho frequent flashes of light. Faster and faster she ran toward us. Ircno, becoming inconsolable, rushed oil to the nearest cafe. The woman was now upon ns! For an instant a bright flpsh illuminated the spot. I looked; I saw a face. Great God! Vera! “Ivan!'’ I cried. “Ho you see! A spirit! Her spectre! Vera’s ghost!” Tho man strOvo to spoak. His tonguo was lashed to tho roof of his mouth. Ho moved—confronted her, tho phantom like flguro, as a daredevil might face a harbinger of death! ‘‘At last!” the woipan cried. “Vera!" screamed Ivan, and fell upon his knees boforo her. “It is hero that I find you!” she con tinued. "I hnve tracked you many times, thinking that you were but build ing our plans as we agreed.” “As who agroodT” Ivan cried. "Yotj, ltan Trolsky, my husband, and I, Vera, your wife!” sho nnswored, ns her hot tempor fired her. “Yes, ns wo agreedl 1 have crossed your path a Bcoro of times. Undof the park treo I heard you plight your troth. In tho lovor’s sent I have hoard your passlonnto words of love. I have watched and waited pa tiently, believing that you but schemed as wo* bad promised. But nowfou have gone too far. Your words are no longer empty sounds. You love thot girl! Ah, deny it not! Trust to a woman's eyes to read tho perfidy in a man's hoart!" “Vefal" he protested, ns I crept further into the shado to miss the flash of her temper. < • • “Out upon it!” she excluimed. "Tho farce has gone faf# enough! You would have made it tragedy! Oh, I know! Tho girl's failing health but a few weeks back, her discovery of her weakness, yonr attempts to poison her! It 'is too true! And where is the Btrangcr you found fainting in tho street? Olef—whore is he?” "God! Olef!” I screamed, as the fright ful truth all darted to my brain. “Tho stranger, tho accident, tho hospital!" I bent my tortured heart to liston, "Where is ho?” sho repented. "You havo told mo in your letters—tho forci ble detention of Olef at your friend’s house—now confess it! And tho se curities that you stole from his hag and sent to me! Ah! you would—would have killod tho girl for her fortnno, na wo agreodl But your heart,ovoublncker than mine,, turned fnlso to your wifol You ruined the plot by yonr perfidy! Jeal ousy drives me to confess it! You loved her! I am horo to avengo tho wrongl You would have wrought a tragedy—till your mind turned topsy-tnrvy, and then you would havo wed tho girl, deceiving her into tho belief that I was dead! But now it is my turn! Wo will end it hero! Ayo, and with a tragedy indeed! Now pay for your sins!" And with tlje stout nrras of a maniac Vera bound him in his tracks; then witli giant forco sho pushed him to tho cliff. My heart stood Btill! Tho ground whirled! At last Ivan found his speech. "Woman! what would you do?” and "'IfS’wffs tailing!'1 "Voral” ho gasped. "No words, man! Over, I sayl" And as sho gathered strength to force him down he clutched a husli. “Your false, lying tongue shall deceivo no more! Downi" "Stop!” rang out a voice, and to Ivan’s aid camo a strong nnn, dragging him back to tho greon turf, where ho lay ex hausted and speechless. The dense clouds hung heavier. A tremendous flood of firo swept down. A deafening crash instantly followed and a hewn holt of thunder fell at onr feet, The ragged clouds' parted. Tho light swung over tho scene. "Olef!” And I leaped into tho nrms of my boy "Yourworthlcss lifo is spared you this tfmel” cried Vora to Ivan. But ho spoko not. The sun broke forth from tho edgo of a ragged cloud, shining over tho Up turn tyl faco of tho defenseless man. We looked. Vera lmd been talking to tho dead! Tho forked light hod left tho seared mark of a double cross upon his brow! “Ccsca dear, can you not speak?” criod Olef. "Yes, that is all that I can do. You find mo here, the withered hush that you ; have made'me—a, heart without a green leaf upon 'its twigs; a dead tree, upon which you' hung your cruol letter, your message of adieu, youy declaration to become the husban'd of another!" "Ceuca!” was all the protest that he conld make. ‘‘Cescal” cried Vera. “It was my wickedness! It was I who wrote my own death- letter. I went to Stockholm, and from one of Olef b letters that he had sept to you, forwarded back to Swe den to me by Ivan Trolsky, I forged Olefs hand; and that Ivanmight recog nize it I marked the letter with the "double cross,” as understood between us. It was I who 6ont the cable dis patch and tho last letter to Iyanr signed ‘Olef.’ I releasedhim from Ills bondage, with Ivan's false frionds, and tho old: housekeeper told us whore you were to-: day. ' I saved yonr securities. They are here," she concluded, handing me a' ■ Tho sun beamed brighter. The fresh-' ened trees and grasses held Up their green heads with pride hs thoy drank from nature’s cup. Tho daisies never looked mofeboauttfui. I saw the fond, dead hopes ’ of the pa6t spring lnto' new life. Tho birds sang again tbioir sweet carols as my boy lover's hand crept into, mine and our fond lips met. "You havo not forgotten!” I cried. , "Nej, min liUu kara Cesca, I hnve never forgotten! Af allt mitt hjerta Jag alskar dig!” "And I, too,” I repeated, translating his fond' words;”‘With all my heart I love yon?”' ' THE END. , 