• tfty Did He Love Her? CHAPXEB XXX (Continued). ..jam not informed of his opinion," re- -litJ Mrs. Berkely," but we can hope on, L child. Can you not return with ma to He Vale. All the members of my family .re,niionsto .welcome you among us. Ton income or send every day to learn how" W"" J —III Jn .11 in CluJe progresses, 8nd we will do all in oorpower to render you contented." / ..Jonarc too good to me; hot I -will Wo« to yon how sensible I am of-the kindness extended to me at. this time, when I nMj it. But I cannot return with you tonight. It grows "iste, and I : shaU haw BBchpacking to do."" ^ • ;"' * "Coasin Carrie will come'tor you berseH, • jor she is anxious to tear yonfromthoss ,he is convinced are unfriendly to yon. She lade me to say that henceforth'yon Me,*? ' look to her, as to an elder sister, for every- , thing joo need. Herfortjine.is ample.-and.-. aaliiendabip she haBlong'Tpberishea for.: Clwde gives ber the righi- io._^ajsnme place be has so Jong filled toward jpu." Isola had suspected tte interest with which Miss Carleton jasgarded Eontalne, udflhe comprehended that to extend kind-, ness to the orphan be had loved as his child would be a solace" to her heart. ^Shereplied to this offer with so much feeling Hut Mrs. Berkely felt more tenderly toward fceithan she had done before. • Alter a long conversation their plana vert settled, and' the elder lady arOBe.to leirt.' Dr. Sinclair had .forbidden all accessto his patient, who waa confined to the two roomshe had occupied. So Mrs. Berkely was compelled to leave the house without seeing Fontaine. c»sar and Aggy watched over their master, who was never violent with them. Isola had the grief of learning from them that her name was never mentioned by him; that no wish to see her again passed til lips. When the carriage containing her old friend drove away, Isola ascended to her cm room, with a feeling of desolation in her heart at the thought of leaving it* house which had so long been * happy home to her. When Isola rode into the avenue on which most of the cabins were built, and inlormed them that she had come to bid thim farewell before leaving la Fontaine [or another home, their expreasions of regret and attachment affected her. Escaping from the blessings that, were showered on her she rode baok to the house, to find the Senora awaiting her return on the jiiuza with an expression of anger on ber face. As Isola ascended the .steps, she adtossed her; " Yon have taken a strange, liberty in mitring that horse to be saddled for yonriiU,Miss—I hardly know what to call you, ante jou have no. right to .the name yon tone eo long borne. Selim is now tbe proytrtjolmy niece, and-jfjiane .ordered that itfa&takept; for her e^usrra nse:" • B; this time Isola had ,become accustomed to the insolent speeches.whicb. wen idtoed to her by this imperious woman, ui the replied: » "I no longer claim anything here, ma-, dim; but Savella would not object to my riding, tor the last time, the horse -which hu been so long considered as my own. Cease your insults, for to-morrow I leave' the home vhich has so long sheltered me, driven from it by your uncivil treatment." " Lean La Fontaine 1- Where will you |0t" "Ihave promised Mrs. Berkely to take spm; abode at the Vale. Since I am banished from the presence of my father, and : trailed as a menial in his honse, now he is mible to protect me, I shall go to the friend whose heart and home are open to m." " To depend on her, I suppose," she replied; " with snch a lady as you ar|, anything will be better than working for jour tiring, though I'll wager anything. those JMlawfully belong to have .to work hard ooogh for theirs." Tothii vulgar rudeness Isola deigned no Xply- She went up to her apartment, to ™ulge her repressed emotions in a hearty Ox Senora had left Savella nnder the miTeillaiice of Summerton, while ahs mited Isola's return, for the purpose of P™8 her -what she called a piece of ber mind, for the impudence murdering Selim vithout her permission^ During all these the strictness of her watdh over her nine had not relaxed, for she dreaded JhilipTane more than ever. r ShtEonght Savella's room, in which she ind Snmmerton were sitting, and ..whists in his ear. The two went out leave's Savella alone, but taking the pronation to lock the door on the outside, nnsuspitiou ol the pantomime that,, was perform; ingvithin." ".' ' ' When they disappeared, the ^girljumped "P ud sprang toward the/ window. : 'Jl '"dkrehief was waved from it, arthread to a which a letter was fastened,, ^an answering signal'came from the Wodland, to assure her' that %hillip was «the watch. When the handkerchief was «'ed, Philip waited till nightfall, came to therosebaah below the window, disengaged the missive, and placed one for Savella" on ""thread, which escaped even the.glanoe «! the Cerberus who. watched over her. While this was passing, the Senora -drew &nunerton; into her apartment, closed' the 4oot, and said: "I have warned you more than once that potion had failed in its effect. In flMeof hurting her, it seems to agree with • ""d now she is escaping from ns altogether." Alter deliberating a moment,-Summerton uid: " U it were not lor the will I would let to fl>. Bnt Fontaine will not last many fonUis, and we cannot afford to give her <® thousand dollars that lawfuUy belong. «>M. Are you sure that she has drank ™ water? I have made the infusion itronger than the first, and it seems strange 't no longer affects her." "I have found means to look into bar tt»mber every morning, and the pitcher U "Wje partly emptied. That proves that «™0!tsit; you must have given me some- "j^g that is harmless.*' •Aa it I should do such a thing 1" he re- " rt,4 < " I believa now that aha poura rat a portionof'the waterto rnakeyon btliavs I ehehas vlrunkik Jteneh ia/th« case, you ]" must risk "everything eooirtrjihanpermit .! her to leave tlne ltouse'BliveV _ How:tan we manage to give li'ei^ tfKal Vfill iBfieotually put an endXo be'r jql^im^ on any portion of tbe estate we .hayjQ,;fakly. earned for joutaelvesJf -.. • ,ir. ;.>. «> . Xhe Senora:rapidly >Baid : .. j ; " Of late she-often has- ier tea sent to her oWn-xoom: ^Ci-nl^at^Mwilldo -so, for she-is now cryin^-becau«e ehe-is going away. l ean pat the pow.de? tn the sugar. She must die berqre : arifatlier day dawns safely. Your s'tiii^^pr^pbe. th.ei'eymptoms of some sudden an.-d.f^tal jiseaee?". . "Oh,.yes,. Ih.e.^onse- jhas;.been recently painted, and ehe>shalLdie ot what :painter4. call lead' colic;' I'BliaU- say.^be delicate state of her healtK 'pr^tli^p^ad her to it," and she went tojoini£he apgels.;,: Nobody dan contradict rforpmy^noBtnims leave no trace behindtterri?' . There was 6om6til}ng : dla6fiH(il In the coolness with, xdiicb^thjs ^seas jatjtered. Bemorse wasninknowp-;to ,tt^jEpfiakeri and ehe who listencA wee' ^[ubI^. hacdjot. heart. Sheraj)idlyiaia 1 •"5"'' ' / .' "«03iat will faot. fbri ain^pa^n^^.ioefef®^^ by*e«ing into \ • Mwajitanto ^CTgn)»oani?.-inal; t took a po^to^^S^aBfe^^^^®^' ' the deadly Qualities of which iiad been condensed by his owB/ieftridus skfflV it 4ew . moments after' S^notaitoselli descended tbe staircase,' and, after a passing glance •into the dihing-rooih to^ascerf&hMf; -it waa empty, 'she-glided in.""''. ' ' '"„'.. Thesupper-table'was.|e°f, and.' a cup'and saucer of fine blue china, which Isola Always drank her tea frota^. Xo vdrop the powder into it was the^wbrk of an instant, and the agent of crime glideff «ut as noiselessly sle she had enterea. "_ " She went np to Savella, who.Vas yevolving in her brain the^means: citeffecting her .escape from the honse, for in his' last better fhilip bad assured fier'evcrj^hing prepared' for a speedy flight, if k^f o^A' manage to" evade her.aunt and jobii him at ..their -old trysting-place. — • ••• "'-" " Supper was -announrt'd,'-.asid the ttiM gathered around the the Senora bad anticipated,.Celi»,j^ge4ojin ..'with. an axense from her young-lady; she had. a headache, and wished fcJeiJp'oMea. to Be Bent op to her. ' v ' ' *. ' With unblushing cheet'lhe Nemesis prepared the-liquid, and plaped-it on the waiter. She. insisted -on/isending -np cold chicken and biscuit; as isola'might'need them after her headache \tent off. . The plotters talked'more' than usual, and Savella seemed in better: ^spirits -than ehe bad-been in-of late; --Thrhugh'the -servant's she had heard Of Isola's mtendeddepartiirei and.when supper was ov'cjrsh'e'said: " I must go up and -^ee Isola; it seems hard to be turned ouf of .the.bome she has so long been taught to-look-Bpon-as her own; bat the evil spirits that hive "gaiiied' an entrance in the house determined not to. leave it-till she goes, so wemiiet let her dci. ii you can hid her Aflieu," said Sdnnher ton, " but the warning- voice which' has epoken to yo'u.haB forbidaiii jron-td cli^im. her.asyoiirfriend,".vmr-: • • -She shuddered and'cWiged-colohiu "'""Bh* can ' nevei JBf'i^fSmXilbSlC shrink from her wi^: i since, that dreadful night in.^jjsi'^jSiaode'fi -.rpom.. But.I'lI bid .her good^ys.e:ijoanpot let- her go without that. Yon need mot come with, me. Aunt Sianca, for i shall go to Isola's room." f- - • • Night'had fallen; th'e. 'Syiora toew. 3 would be impossible for.jSavella to-escape from the upper storey,apd she..was permitted to ascend alone? ^Instead of going to-Isola, -she noiselessly flMt?d into/her room, threw up the window, and drew up ii. letter from Philip. . ; She pressed it to, herJjifs'.in^cstasyj.'and. then read, it by the ficebrandsr with-' the light of love, shiningisfroifr her eyes. One paragraph she dweltbh^,'reading it-over and' over again. 1' ." " To-night will be very .dark. If yon can escape from the honee, •yon will find me till midnight at. the lower gate which opens on .the' dell in which we have So often -met. .I have everything prepared for an imme diate flight, and ohce on. horseback beside me you could never be torn from me again, Come to me Savella, for I-cbii no longer live without your presence." - v :. - "-Iteill com*,"she saidjandalew -hnrried lines were dashed -tiff,^sealed, and-low •nd from the window.. She then waved the light in.front of the window as -a - signal : to him who,she: -knew ,-wias.-watching for -it, closed it, and flitted toward tbe door of com- - munication between J^ -own rihamber aadthatoflsOla. ifo. - ; Her knock recerved no .reply ijndshe went ; in. Isola was sitting b^Eide-the; fre in her dressing-robe, with her.-hair failing around - her. She seemed tohaverbeMi bruBhing it, . bnt her hands had f^^^oVSttless. beside ber, and ber h ead was iestinj against the Jiightack ol'iBie ch^^hejgaB colourless,., and eeemed to labowrjprinfe^'in* painful: manner. - ^ • • s ' Savella sprangAoslwtober.aaSlJuming-:' : \- Good heaveri«S;is(flS4 ^bat : an he -&e; pattovnthyc^;; ^'.bdievi f ^ ^ ? M ^ mybreastthatr«raUierthe»i^:dat nor - fingtiie bell. Wa^sS qnickly «- m possible; ' 6fiinm6S^iS ^ " Savella moments Celia Mm^ii^Ioqit^ingh'tenea. When she saw ^eiMndjtion . of her lady she ottered a cry ot-dismay. -r: " Oh, Miss SaveHar wlmttsan have come • over her since I went flooi_>taira ?; She;' said she felt bettCTaf^i ^®&ng; Tier tea. What is it, MisBy» ' ,.". r r- «I don't know—Ueel ai..all .<?ver. Put me in bed, Celia.and'^endeome'oneJorDr. gjnfilftir. 4 a The-two girls liftSS herin.their anns-and placed her on the bed; U On; ^r "appearance^ Savella hinied from the. room, ^.inform her annt that Isola wag ilk-tbat something must be done for her at onee,-hoping that this attack might make a Aversion" m ber own lavonr. '' .i-.- "Senori Boselli went to seeUEola e condition herself, isiie looked upob ihe* face' to" cbanged'within the last hoor.. Already the Uvid hue of death, seemed setting over it, ahd her^enBeshad BO failed' her that she was : 'iincbnBcSouB of wbat ;was passing aroundier.- «elia-was wringing harbands. and oxnlBiming;-.-. «Oh wbatehaU ido? She tole me to wn' foT'de doctor, imow? for«fhe'e nothereebonmydfeKrMife^^nU die." ' ' - - <<Stoh-tirt 'nprM^'Mid ibe Ssnorfc. : «it iruseleisto send forl>r.'8»nelair»ow' or shewHl bepast-help before'hVcoul&get; here.. My. SdmmertpnisjiB good" ajgbyai-; oian ashe is—a^k.him'tb come^ip and • see what can. be dene for her."- ' Celialeftthe room-to'seek-'Siimmerton, md the Nemesis behtlbver her viotim to Mcertain how- long life might linger in the frame Ehe had dooined to destruction. The Senora's breath inme in quick gasps, and she become' paler tban the hall- litelesi. einjg on the couob beEide her. ' Unable to sustain herself die sank'-'on a chair, and sat trembling before the conviotion -that, «rose within her mind. ; •:•••? Snmmerton obeyed her Bnmmons;' but when he entered the chamherand'-eaw the changed lab'e of bis accomplice;'be etarted back in dismay. Be asked: . . Wb^ ha's happened to onnerve yon ao? Jtot off that IpDk bef ore - the girl retnrns, ; or: Itaaay betray alii"' " Look there,'" she .sttidln airhisper. "What of ttiat-?!Vbe_aSfed; ;eeemii that eha'is marked, with red wijife -Comerr— this will>never. do; y6u look-aB if -you^had seeil ja-^hosf." " '' " Ji ., *'•' . i'&ijiave; ,v was the ieply ; the" ghost of ii^paS.'' girl jmust npt die-jsave ^ •: S;.-.--v.--iv 1 ''jB&vi; jflouSo^t ^ttt'aensesi^he -iMked.; •JiSitlf-iSs'i-iC'' Shvptecea bei IiJW d oe6-to his|" ear, ttid breathed 1 a few words into. it.' SiB face; "changed as. he listened, bnt he .answered: . ; ."".Eveh if.-thiji be true, it should bnt oon- ': •firm you in your purpose;" . • • No—I tell^ /you ho.i."'I. am a hardi womfen.'I know ; bnt this crime.! dare not; perpetrate. I tell you.£.he.sAaI( not die. We. can. otherwise dispose of her.. •• But how?" . 1 Leave that to after consideration.'" Act now; I insist upon'it. There isin antidote; use all your skill to save her, or—I know what.I may do.." Is that a threat j" "-Understand'it as; you- plieBSe; but my will shall be yours. Bef use," and I will send for Dr. Sinclair. He will comprehed all, and who-will be held answerable? I -will save myeelf by criminating you. There— —you know miB—to work, for no time is to be lost." ' . . i Her imperious tones were savage in their earnestness, and Summerten Biud: I will do your bidding; but il your suspicions are true, she .will. give u« muoh trouble hereafter." I do not.act.on suspicion; but on a certainty. Hasten for your antidote, for (he isin a dying state now: and if ehe dies, it will not be well for you." . Summerton ordered Celia to bring waxm water, and in a few moments he returned, bringing the antidote to. the deadly agent he had used in preparing hiB subtle messenger of death. . • The lips of Isola were forced open, and the liquid poured down her "throat; her chilling limbs were rubbed with flannel* wrong from warm water; The Senora seemed nevei to weary in her . efforU to-restore her, and. Summerton nsed all bis skill to nndo what they had done. At length the purple hue left Isola's lips and hands ; her eyes ..opened, but with a shudder she closed them as they fell np,on . the 6snoHB•••':***- • Vr'- J i- j "What has happened to me?" she asked. "I feel like one ]UBt rescued from . -death."- -•; --."-' \---'AggyTusheS to her side',.andsaid; " An r so you is, my darlin'. Ef it hadn'4 been for tbe Snory.-an'- Mr. Summ'rton, you'd a been wid de.angels by die time." "I-have. been so inl and they -have aided jne?"jshe-.murmured. ' 41 It «eems izopos- -sible." "' " ""Why eo, Isola?""asked Summerton. " Savella found jou here nearly insensible, and-on examining yout conclition, I found yon were made ill by the poisonous- effluvia arising from/the. paint- which - has^ been nsed-'on tbe house. Fortunately -I Imew what remedies to apply; iyou-'have been in danger, and nnder Providence yon owe th% preservation-of your life to the efforts' df Senora Boselli and myself." " Then' I must thank .yon," she feebly '«aid; but I am too weak <o" talk- much." . "Nor is it .desirable yon should do so. You must. now rest," replied -Summerton, and After giving eome .directions -to- Aggy, who was to remain with'^her till morning, the two confederates left the. room together. ' ' Isola was too much exhausted to think, -though she was in a state of'hewilderment . as to their'condiict towards.her. When she first felt the paralysis'creeping over her, she had mentally accused -them' of having •effected their ends b^destroyingher, yetrto their efforts ehe was a&sured; she'owed her life/ " 3ut she soon fell asleep, and at a late hour.. "of the following-morning she was aroused by-a commotion in the "honse in which the name Of -Earella' w&E; repeated. - : CHAPTEB XXSI; • THE ELOPEUENT^ Savella remaineaUn'tbe^chamberofleola t|^ heVa^tiaKur€^ h« .tiiat theypatient • ^^^iJ^oi^^vSbe. watohed Senora -Bo^ '• jr^VTninn<1 r ibfy Tff"^ the souch s irf thesiok.girl ,,arid showed 1 - eamest'-«olici- ; tadelor herrecovery; :' •: I^ndranf as'phe was of their diabolical ' intention to rjd themselves of her, Savella -was aware that they, cherished a- feeling of • hostility towards the-adopted-ehild of -Pon itaine"; and she;wa£ at'a lossto.comprehend the source of the'anxiety her aunt maiiifga(ad-in her restoration.,. "When assnred-that Isola would recover, Savella's thoughts reverted to her, own \- affairs, and she resolved to-avail herself of .the opporlnnity "her ajint's preoccupation , afforded, her to make her .escape -to ber i lover. She said io her: ' '"lamsleepy.-I shall retire, 1 and'Celia ' can stay in my room if you are nnwUling ' to leave me; alone." ' • The girt was-nodding in a corner; and Savella thought Ebe wonld'p'rove but an in 'different guard. The-Benora answered: You can take.Celia with you; the door is locked on the outside, and you can go through this'room into your own." \- 'Eavellb'fcmile2,for : febe bad fonnd means to slip out onibserved,' 'and turn tbe . key; 'in spite of ber anxiety about Isola, the Be- \- taora bad not been oblivious of 'the safety ol * FBUEBDl.y J0B1TIOI6U. I neyet come late , to a - friend's dinner," eaja ^Boileau,; " for I have observed that when;a company-is - wait-, ig for 'e man^they make toe of that time" to ioad him with Sbase." The iheans of escape - were open to Savella if she' could evade tife.sleepy watch -set npdn her. atfdlHis'Bh^ c'onsidered very easy of accomplishment.^ At Jber. command Celia made her pallet on fhe floor-near her own bed. .A, lounge .had . been" appropriated by Senora Boselli since <she had assumed the office of duenna,-and the'girl reflected that her relative would be too faitgued on ber return.to the chamber to investigate the state of things very critically, She waseoon in bed and Celia threw her-, -self dpon her conch and was asleep in a few minutesl ' So soon jaB . her breathing assured SaVella that' there^ was no. danger to apprehend from her^-she arose, dressed herself in a travelling-robe, and took ont her heaviest .'wrappings ready .for use. Then a bundle .of clothing was made-op, her cap and gown placed upo.a;tbe 'lay.;figure, -arid \- thebedolothesso disposed .around it As to induce, her iaunt to tmlieve^ Bhe was still lying there. -• ' - ' :o * . . Every arrangemferit tiompleted," Savella donned her ebawl and bopri^ lowered' the lamp, and'giided out and ^o'ek^d' the .door behind her. 7 'Since the'"house -t'ad^een infeBtfid tby ;noct^^V';a'istu^ancjskJ't^e lamp in the ' lower-hall wjiB^ kep^i i(JligKt^ancl with-I^sijtrepiJatiim t^n^Sbe; ..might-have fsUt'tbe-faptine etoledowrrithe '"etairs, fearfalielit.Bhe 6hoiu^?rbe paluUS'jjy^ •therajiplngswhicb fere beard at internals.- Bbtall remainedquiet, ^and she-.gained the hjiill in safety- Savella .was.afraid to attempt to gain egress through;-the ?front door , lest the watcher who remained in the chamber of her uncle.should hear her and .give tbe-alarm. She hastened-to the one . that opened on the bBck'-<piazza, arid succeeded in turning the key'that secured it. • There was ho moon, but the night was clear, add as Savella's hand was laid upon the latch of the gate, a figure started from behind a heighbouring'tree, and Philip Vane exclaimed: "Is.it you, .my angel?: Have you snoceeded in escaping from durance vile? Oh, Savella, how- supremely ''I am blessed in this auspicious hour." : * Savella was clasped in his arms, and she said: ''"..„•• " Dear Philip, I knew..I should find you here. Take ine away, lor I am frightened out of iny wits. I have come through that haunted house alone, expecting every moment that:same mysterious voice would speak to me and arrest my flight. Luckily it did not, or I should halve lost my Bensesi I'am'sure." ! Philip drew her to his breast and.fervently said: : Your courage has 'made you doubly dear to me, Savella. -Our horses are in charge of my servant not far from here; we can get to the station for the one o'olock train, and to-morrow we will be united in Baltimore." A few yards brought them to the shelter in which his attendant remained with the horses. The negro was Ordered to return to Dunlora and report to his mistress the elopement of her. son with tbe heiress of La Fontaine, and in. a Jew moments the lovers were mounted, and flying in the direction of the railroad. -'. • • In two hours thBy reached the station; they were jost in time, for in "ten tninntes the train ^SaBhed op to the' platform, and again rush.egl through the4iight with speed that-mocked pursuits .-.W .r--. Philip left-bis horses- with the stationmaster, and with bis hst drawn over his . brows, his riding coat so tlibffled about bim as to defy recognition, he placed. Savella on the seat besiae himse'lfj. exulting in the. thought that, he had outwitted them all, and tbe Fontaine estate^rould soon be his. Savella was supremely liappy, and-no doubt of the- future arose to dim the dream in which she revelled. When fatigue overcame-her excitement, she slept with ber head resting- upon Philip's broad breast, -her form sustained by his arm, and she believed herself :blessed above all women. When, they - reached:,Baltimore, Philip found-no difficulty. inigetiting..a clergyman to unite them. Twoittigsful days were spent in visiting the mo^cKients, and tbfifa the newly wedded pair.setout on their return to Dunlora. At the station they fotuiia the carriage of -Mr. Vane awaiting them, "and in in. hour the bride was congratulated by her . new .parents. Mrs. Vane sai&fto; Savella: - a " You have endured.^' regular siege, and Philip has been in despair at your being mewed np so cloBely.. £ut I think you wi& be your own mistress-after this, and give your aunt to-understand that her reign at La Fontaine is at an-end. Ton must be my guest till the storm "of ber anger has subsided; then you can,take your place as the ruler of your house.-'' • <• Thank you ; I am glad to shelter myself' with you from the' outburst of my aunt's rage."' I will senifFhilip oyer to bear the brunt of it, and whegi he: has mollified her wrath by sueh apoltgies <as he knows how to make,-I will venttire back myself. I cannot help laughing when I think of her faae when site found.the'jioll I bad dressed '.up io nicely to jopresgqt precious self.-^1 And'$avellalanghedii hnt. • • • - \- -Mr.'Vanewas erulferaSft' in hi.; dempnstratlonE ' .flowed daughter-in-law. -He slapped Philip on' Hie '-shoulder uiiFsaidV. •^You're o.Vp^ you. have, won the Tbrightest bride ip^tii^iState; .and,'^iie added, V you will hawe thte entire control of her fortune,-for Fontame'is'in no state''to interfere with you." " " * ' His son nodded int&Uge;'ntly, jarid the schemers sat down to a,, fupper -with shar- pened appetites, and. the. ^agreeable conviction that Philip had only to walk- into; Iia Fontaine and take possession-in -Jus wife's name. -* ; . ' Senora Boselli bad ^discovered the nut which^bad 'deceived her.: "Tired" and depressed, she" left the apartment of Isola, and, after" glancing jit: the conch of-bar niece and trying the lock of ihe door to see -it it was still last, the "Senora sought the repose she needed. She believed Savella p> be deeping near her.jajud never dreamed Of the catastrophe which had occurred. . She slept till a late hour on the following morning, and when «he Arose-she was sur- •prisedt* find Savella still in bed. She rang for Celi t, and said: - . A GOOD PLATER. • Little Brother (whose siBter is playr tng cards "with a gentleman): u Mr. Smiler, doeB .llicnie play oarde toeUJ" Mr. Smiiertl^eB Very well i^&eed.; Tbfen yon 'hiid befer ldok oat; Mamma said if she flayed "her vards wdl' she would ctfUsh you."'. . . " Wake-up my niece. It l.onuiraa! foi Savella.to sleep so late ;but she was kept | np lastnight beyond ber usual hour for j retiring." I Celia called the name of her mistress 1 several times. Then the Senora peevishly | •aid: "Can't yon speak load enough tosroos* ! ber? She seems like one of the seven ' sleepers this morning." | The girl obeyed her, and uttered a -shriek i so loud as to terrify everyone within hearng. The Senora dropped the' comb she , held in her hand, and asked: ' , "Is'she dead? Has this retribution I come to me for—" | She paused, choked, indignant, over- I whelmed with sodden wrath, for'Celia cried . out:. j " It's only a doll, and-the mistis iB clean { gonel" •• | "The.-Senora sprang toward her, seiised i and shook her violently, as she said: ""You—you—have—helped^her^-Jto—gel —away! Don't deny it: hut I—Mhave have youpuniahed for it. see if "I dont." . Celia defended herself vnth.vthe. .cpnscioiisneB^f. innocence: n.. " I 'olare .'fore my MarsUr io 5feben, J don' know more'n de dead - what's 'come; o* hB'r. ::! £)oh' shaWe all de hiefr'-gid^n.line, got jjothin 1 to do dese Jiene doiri's.-. iEf Miss : S'vdfa'-s^^one, ; I-",dpri' know wharshe'e gonB to, thooghTl rieokin f. can guess4vho she's gone wid-'&ybttir.;^ . ; " Wretch ! you helped her awayyou unlocked th,e door, or she could, never have made her escape." 'Mdon' know hothin'~botit de do.- 'Twas \- locked jes' now when.I come np, an' I opened it to let myself in. I t'ink it's hard to be. 'spected,.when I ain't done nothin'." The girl's air was so truthful that the Senora saw she was speaking the truth, She rushed aoross the hall, and Bummoned her ally to a conference. • When Summerton approached, she exclaimed: - " She'e gone ! The girl has eloped, and all our jrians are dashed to. the earth! Can we not yet save her from marrying Philip Vane?" He stooda moment as if transfixed, with the colour retreating from his face. ••Why don't you speak?!' she asked. " Why do you stand there as if stricken into stone? Follow after her—quick I It may not yet be too late." V How long has she been gone ?" he asked. "Oh! I cannot tell, but it must have been many hours ago. -But it cannot yet be too late to bring her baok. Go, and 'bring Savella back to me." . - - "Itjs-useless now," he replied. "All pursuit would be unavailing ; for they were In time for the Northern train, which passes tbe station at one o'clock." "Telegraph, then! -Have her arrested and brought back at all hazards." '•But to what point shall I telegraph? I tell you we must make the best of this affair, and. take the young man into our confidence. He will have few scruples to troublans-witb; and he is as .much -interested in—in you knou> what, as we are." Her anger seemed to augment at this Tiew of the case, and she frantically said: " You aggravate me ' beyond endnrance. Tate fcim into our councils 1 That would be ruin to. all. Was not the discovery J made last night cnoogh.' but this disaster must follow so Eoori upon jt? and you—you who know how mucl} is-at stake, most talk in this manner. I shall go wild! • I. don't know what I shall not do."-^ " " I will tell you what you tnll do," he re plied. - " The only safe course for yon to pursue is this : calm yonrself and act like a reasonable woman; make up your mind that Savella's marriage, will take. ^lace in spite of every effort we may make. I wiB soon show him that he-is'in our power, and I understand him too well to fear any expos£ from him. There—leave all to me j I will act for the best, you may he Bare." The Senora glared on him. a few moments, "then turned away, and silently want baok to her chamber. CHAPTER XXXH. . CLAUDE S ANGEIj. The house was searched for the missing girl; Senora Boselli did hot command it to be done, for she knew that- Savella had passed from her control; that a man as mercenary as either herself or Summerton, was about to take possession of the wealth they had believed within' their grasp; and she felt that, without feome hold over Philip, he would not tolerate -her presence at La Fontaine. At length she muttered: -" I will-find means^to manage hiin, even If I—" The thought that arose remained unspoken', but her lips closed with their iron, expression, and she stood looking vaguely through the .window before she could command herself sufficiently to go -into Isola's chamber, and ingnire how she bad; passed the- night... , She'found her weak, but that was to fce^ expected after the severe suffering, through which -she had -passed on the previous night. She said: "That will'be but ' temporary. Your «Us(io constitution will soon throw off this weight, and you will regain your nsual "health. "When you do reoovier, I wish that J could plaoe you^iiKtbe. jiosiHon whiph itf 'ield by- my ungratfeful n1ece~~Yon have beard that she. is gone; a -few hours will make her "the'wife of Philip Vane." " -Yes—I- know -that Savella- Irks elopfcd with him. I fear .her dream of bliss .wil[ not last long. She adorjis Philip, jand he—" She paused ahrnptly, and tbe Senora" took np ber words, andwenV on in an excited-tone: "And he has sold himself for the money he expects to gain. I know that this man loved you, -Isola;:that he sougbt yon till Savella came to claim the inheritance be thought would be yours. Good morning, I must .go to breakfast -now, and you are still too weak to stand -much talking.' I have something important to say to yon which: I think yon will be glad to hear; bnt I must defer it till'yr^ are rn a condition to. bear excitement. 1 ' Wondering what the Senora could have to oommunioate to her, bat too feeble to give her mind to conjecture, Isola saw ber depart, and after taking -the nourishment ~ Aggybad prepared for hpr, she sank into a half dreamy state. • - Isola was conscious...thiat Summerton oame to ber side and Ieither pulse; bnt she could not .arouse -herself snfficieintly .-tq speak to him. At momehtB she falt as if • floating upon a olond of light, with soft mosical mnrmurs gliding throngji^the' sea of goldeh mist that : sustained' tier, and angel tabes eeeined to 'BWBep around het, banding looks', of love npqh her jale 'fade.' From" this drearqy enchantment she was •COOBed by a voioe sHe loved, -and starting tntoeongaieuness, she eaw Mias r -CaVleton j^jijjg 0fer-ber with T an expisBion of ^dsrtSB&teae; ifrin When she saw Isola's black'eyes open dad reet on her.with'Tecognition, she said: "My dear child, I have come. te claim yon as iny own from this time forth, and I find you thUB. What has caused this attack, for of late you have appeared restored to health ?". . -. -. .: With ainjeffort, Isola banished tbe sweet fantasies that filled her: mind, • and colleotedly replied: "I could not-have".been "strong,- cousin Carrie.; for -the .odour.tof.the.'paint made me very ill. But forr. Mr. SmnmErtpn's medical skill, I-musthave died:"-"- " So Aggy has told me.. I.am grateful to him for his kindness; ' liioped^o tjake y.ou baok with' me to the Val'e.'but in' your ^present'state M will be impossible" todcTEq. aball send the Carriage back, - anti remain, here uritn ? y'o'uere-ah'le : io-retuiin with me.f' "Thank you, dear - tHehd.'-1 tobw: I should be Vfry grateful _to the Septra and Mr. Sunmurton, but 1 pm^lraid^ am ffot " so much b'b they deserve^ Jor I' cannot " help WioF&ilifelr; After all you have borne Irom' thSb,; I ^ thuik jour feeling^iiabjitaj.-, flnef^enej&t.; ,-cannot destroy t^e' memory of a -series »f -iiifiillKeuiSi & j'oi-'Aver^bMni? lKMy~made_ - ' to endure. But they are at mr iUdi*^Iola; ^ you ahall^^ie Injs,daugf&ext;\\{iir.George re-' turns to claim hia darjiagiiwe hare news from the noble fellow. Letters came this morning, and here is one for you." ] j , j ] Her face brightened, and she spoke with - animation: " Let me see it; place it upon my pillew till 1 am strong enough to read it; but tell me what he £ays in yours." Miss Carleton smiled as she obeyed her: "Here isyouf missivei George-writes in high spirits; he is delighted with St. Petersburg, where he has already made many acquaintances and one friend. His presence of 'mind enabled him to save; a ' stranger from death when his horses had taken-fright, and he and George have become friends,. But-he will tell you all about it, for he 6eems fascinated by this Baron Fontani." "Fontahi !" repeated iBola, "the name is like ours." "It is doubtless'the same name with an Italian termination, for George says he is from this country ; he is in the employ-, ment of the Czar as an engineer, and has won high rank by his services." Though Isola showed interest in .the conversation, Miss Carleton could see she was overtaxing herself, and she placed her hand on her lips as she was about to speak again, and said " Best now, Isola, .for you are too. weak to bear excitement. 1 will leave you to repose, and talk awhile with the Senora. I may be able to induce her to forgive her niece for the escapade she has made.' Isola closed her eyes," and like a tired child she fell off into* deep deep murmur, ing: * " PoOr Savella, I am afraid she will find duet and ashes where she expects to find the fruits of Paradise." Miss Carleton descended to the sitting, room, where she foinid Suniruerton and the Senora in consultation. She would have retired, but the former advanced with quiet ease, and courteously said: Pray come in^ Miss Carleton; we are only talldng over the distressing event of the past night. Yon -doubtless feel it as we doi though not so keenly as those who liaVe loved and protected- this, wilful girl 'fafom her infancy. . Can you tell us anything of Mr. Vane that is calculated to. console us for the fateil step Savella has .taken ?". Miss Carleton said: "I have kln6wn .Philip from his boyhood^ and until-.lafely I have thought highly.of jiim. He is amiable and well-bred, and he will always treat Savella with thg kindness and respect due to his wife.' " Ah 5 if we could only believe < that Mr. Vane is attached to her," sighed,-the hypo crite; but you. know'th'at hearts are not recalled at will and.^iyen agaip at the op tion of their owner. I fear that La Fon taine was the object .of.'-his affections, and not the girl who is now its possessor.' Her face changed, and she spoke with as perity: " This plane belongs to^Mr. Fontaine, and neither Philip nor any one else con assert a claim to it while he lives. His friends hope to see him yet restored to the enjoyment of his own; and Philip could not have looked forward to the possession of this estate." In his most dulcet tones Summerton re plied: "I have no doubt Mr. Vane jrill olaim it as a portion of his'wife ¥ s inheritance. You are notaware, perhaps, but young Vane is that Mr. Fontaine is indebted to his niece for the wasted incp'me "of her. father's pro perty from the day it came, into his posses 'sion. Since his illness I> have looked into the condition of his pecuniary affairs, and La Fon taine, with everything upon it, "frill scarcely suffice to liquidate tne debt*.-" Miss Carleton became-pale ; she asked: "Is it, then, four purpose ..to. strip' Mr. Fontaine of everything? to turn him ont ol the house in .-.which^US was born? Can Savella attempt" to do-'tlllBT*; -" ' T - .." '-It is not a quesjjpn what Savella .wiltjdo,'.' replied lb*35<i&ve;>cvoiee, but-' of what her'husband will be capable.of ^doing. '.TfEju^'eMr.Van^'ijLjtjght/liie will b®;as ler lentless as Shylock in exacting his poond oi flesh. I aBk you if you beUeve that Philip Vane will bo so hard as to proceed to ei trememeafiure^l f<irj^png>;be mistaken in .my,estimatepf.Jiim.j-.jj.JOUagree.wttbme, . I will endeavour to iajrejsuch stepsnir may protect Mr. Fontaine febiu his cupidity-' After a painful-" Miss Carleton said: "I should be "'sp'rtjr"tp think Philip.cap able of committing'so great a wrong; but eannot answer for ~Eim. He has disappointed me in other jthings, and he-may prove grasping in~this. Excuse me, Mr. Summerton; thisersation is oppressive to me. I must 5j»\k in the open air to regain my equanimity." - She passed out«f the robm, convinced in ber own mind thaf tliese sefcemera had laid their plans for the impoverishment of her old friend, and only ^desired to learn from ber bow far Philip was to be trusted oarry them out', and take on the -odium of their consummation. She walked on the piazza till ber spi rits became more Composed, and then desire seized her to see Fontaine herself, and judge if bis condition affqrded no hope of ultimate restoration. She turned : the green blind wbiob.- opened from the brary window, and saw Cesar, nodding bis chair near thP door. While she .hesitated as to the propriety of enteiing, Dr. Sinclair rode up and dismounted. (To h eontinutd.) 