GENERALITIES. |; La grippe is not a thing to be sneezed at. 'Running expenses are those which you pay as you go. The self-made man ehould never marry a tailor-made girl. Only the sublimity of cheek rises to the the grandeur of luck. It is an easy thing to be a philosopher, but it is hard to make it pay. Many delight mora in giving of presents than in paying their debts. If ghosts walked, some of the epitaphs in the cemeteries would be effaced. A man never knows how large the world is until he tries to travel on his fame. A newspaper is like a human being. It must keep up its circulation or it will die. A little girl described a snake as " a thing that's a tail all the way up to itB head." Make friends with your creditors, if you can, but never make a creditor of your friend. " Tour husband wears hiB hair very short." "Yes, the cowardly wretch 1" replied Mrs. Terror. One of the easiest ways of rendering a man worthless is to fill him with an idea that he is indispensable. The most weeds are to be found in the field of the man who talks the loudest about his field of labour. The art of chasing silver is a very difficult one. If you don't believe it try to get the shillings you've lent. One of the most fascinating of occupations is watching other people work ; but only a fore man can make it pay. Those who say that woman has no sense of humour have evidently failed to notioe how a moustache tickles her. The man who believes most sincerely in the efficacy of prayer is the man who never prays for what he hasn't worked for. The good are not always happy. There are times when they think, sadly but resignedly, of the fun they are not having. Teaoher-Name some of the most important things existing to-day whioh were unknown one hundred years ago. Tommy-Us!' A oorn on the toe will cause the average philanthropist more misery than the knowledge that 10,000 people were drowned in a Chinese flood. Belle-Would you adviBe me to marry fo love? Widow-Yes; it might do for onoe or twice; but don't allow yourself to get into the habit of it. No one ever entertained an angel unawares. Angels always announce their angelship. It i < the devils who are entertained unbeknown to their hosts. When a young ladv offers to hem a cambric handkerchief for a rich bachelor friend you can set it down that she means to sew in order that she may reap. "My hair,"mused Smythe as he carefully consigned his two remaining wisps to their appointed places, " reminds me most painfully of a fool and his money." Toper-How startling are statistics! We drank 70,000,000 gallons of whisky last year. Mrs. Toper-Spew for yourself, please; you know I never touched a drop of it. A newspaper lately received a notice of marriage for insertion to which was appended the original announcement, "SweetheartB at a distance will please acoept this intimation." Hobson-I m tired of life, ye see, and yet if I blow out my brains the world would condemn me as a suicide. Dobson-No, I believe the general verdict would be justifiablehomicide. Teacher-"What does the quotation, 'The race is not always to the swift,' mean?" Jimmie Sadler-" It means that they used to pull racehorses in those days just as they do now!" A young lady, being vexed with her lover, treated him so coolly that he requested permis sion to wear his ulster in the parlour. He said she soon made it warm enough for him after that. Nothing exasperates a woman who has been shading her eyes from the gaslight with her hand all the evening eomuchas to find that after all she has left her best diamond ring on the washstand. Mamma (recounting the adventures of the prodigal son)-" And so his father sent for a best coat, and told them to put it on him." Daisy-"But why didn't they they put his shirt and trousers on first?" It takes a woman with the strongest possible kind of self-control to stay in the back of the house while a lot of men are unloading a new suite from a furniture-van and carrying it into her next-door neighbour's house. Old Crowsfoot-"Oh, Miss Mabel, do not trifle with me any longer, but tell me that you accept me." MisBBudd-"I would gladly if it were not for one thing." "And what is that, pray?" "I have two grandfathers already, and I really don't need another." A minister passed one of his flock on the high road. The man wished the minister "good mornin'"and observed that it was "vera oauld." "Ay, ay, Sandy," said the parson, "many are called but few arechosen!" "A weel, minister," retorted Sany, "ifye're no chosen youH no be long cauld." Talleyrand's wit always smelt of sulphur; there was ever a lurking devil in it that sug gested an infernal origin. When a friend of his was taken suddenly ill, and declared he felt the pains of hell, Talleyrand exclaimed, "What, already!" Conceive if you oan the heartlessness of that remark. To a gentleman who spoke of the beauty of his mother, he coolly remarked, "So it seems it was your father who was not handsome." What is this but saying, "Though your mother was hand some, you are an ugly beast." When Madame de Sta£l, who squinted a little, met him limp ing along, and asked how his poor leg was, he replied, "As you see, madame, crooked. I think I see the diabolical leer of the witty old rascal. When a gentleman exclaimed, " Here I am between wit and beauty," Talley rand remarked. "Yes, and possessed of neither." "Is not Geneva dull?" asked another gentleman. "Yes, especially when they amuse themselves." "What do you think of Miss So-and-So ?" " Oh, she has Dut one defect-she is intolerable." 