z A: T'IDB -iSTOR 0 . It M tlsh end of -oy -last stock season at the comufortaile little Theatre Royal: in Cipeto.e. Though?o?l a minor .pro.,incial theatre, many of0 our leadig sti?a had trod' 'its 'oards, and it was noted for its long seasons, which generally extended' fromAngLst Bank Holiday. until ther later end of March.. W had reached: the end of the-'third week of theibene.fti, which usually occopied the. slosrnf the season, and. each of us who were engaged on beneft?erims had made our appeal to the good folnkfc.Chipatone, with the exception of. old Mr Wilk~a,. our esteemed prompter. He had been grl?, as was nsual, the last night of the season. \- Old" Wilkins was a capital fellow, a great favourite with all the company, and fulfilled his not vrey enviable position in a most worthy 'manner. Years ago, rumour spoke of him as being a- very zelle.ent leading man and stage manager, auntil he > with his accident, whim compelled him to give up ?eting and turn stock author aad prompter at the Caipston. .Theatre Royal, Si' hi benefit, Wilkins was producing for the ralt time a new emotional drama, on which he had been at work for same time, and which he antici pated selling for a good round suna. And a capital play It was, too, abnanding in powerful scenes, and ntaikag cleverly workedsituations. The part I plaeed (tie villain of the piece) was that of an sexeptional scoundrel who persuades the heroine, the lading man's daughter in the play, to Ib8art her rustic lover to whom she is engaged to be married, and elope with him, afterwards treating most cruelly and leaving her with her newly-born babe to starve min London. But the last act, after many triala and difficulties sees her again at her old home; ,where,. after receiving her broken-hearted father's forgiveness and promise to protect her child, abe diesin-his arms. . It.was the morning of.the final rehearsal of the aew plasy, beautiful March morn, with nuta cloud to obscure the bright sun, which shone in all its splendour, making the hearts of all beat 'with' joy at the prop.ee"t of. approaching summer 'after 'the rather severe winter we had experienced. -.I was, strolling leisurely down the main street froni my lodginig to the theatre, enjoying my usual -morning cigar, whenI preceived old Wilkins, look Ing very excited, coming rapidly towarda 'me. '- Hallo, oldnmsa' said 1, I whither so fast; ?any -thing wrong, eh,? ' I R'R.ecoverng hii.breath, and wiping the perspiration from his brow after his over-exertion he exclaimed, 'Ahb Austin, the very fellow ruiin seaoh iof. Tve bad news for;you.. I received :a long iettfer it uip from Stevenson,,our leading main , who says he is very ill, scarcely able to.leave his ,bed, ? .sd' that he:is afraidhe will be unable to :play the. part to At the unexpected Intelligenice., for as moment thQrs was silence between us. I was the first to speak, for it meant a very great loss for Wilkins to ,Sd-,himself without his leading man on such hbort notice.: ' What is to be done, said I, 'if Stevenson -, isable to go on to nlght P' ' That's just what I came to ask you.. I would -· pathe partmyself, but for that accident - met . with, which has left me this limp, What : catn you. ; rsugest 2 he asked anxiously. , 'It ii now eleven o'clock, looklng -at, my watch; ' the call is not-till twelve, so.aa.ee.hae aiilonur to spare we had better employ the time in vislting Stevenson ind ascertaining if is is really impossible1 ,~fhim to:pull throu'gh-to-ight. .That is.the only'; pc~re see open at present. 'Do y~ui think tathat ns of _his' daughter's couild' be the iatshe of, C:.Not-at all -unlikely,' e?- laWc edt , kW p " r ;-,'I -an r thought of. that. Poor Stevenson I he hart ,saegta broken-hearted man ever since she deertedt thr l now,I think of i, he pay :the `deserted 1A le in my piece. -. i How came she to leavee him.! 1asked. ' You kowa, being away last season, whenit liiapened, I bav not heard the details.' 'It was the.old, old story,' he answered. ' A titled scoundrel, who,' with his flattery. and false !.TOwvi won the door girl's heart. She was a. bright .little ~reature, he continued, 'of just: eighteen .a.amers, and Stevenson, poor fellow, wa wra?iped up in her heart and soul-he lived only In; the -.tmophere she breathed. It was the latter part of ::lteason; sho had just returned from school. S--soh-e -bcams' acquainted with'this man I scarcely :: -bsat on inight Stevenson ,returned home to i, ls daughter had fled. In hed room he found a e- !lhetSehad left imploring forgiveness, and in his ', 1r toom-thin of it, Austin-a purse of gold ,t LM the scoundrel rho had robbed him of- his -,jdl~gter. Gold I gold to pay the father for the loss -4T4;iL.h I tho ght the blow would have killed -,j aYwRl non , bh?t ge pulled him through it. _Bis? then he has becn a broken-hearted man. \- ,,? we heard the sad news, I immediately sought \- ,siqgt?totry and, console him as best I could, a,; pfellow,.I shall never forget his words to me as '',l, g s I lve,. She was my all, \tilkins,' hesaid La- -?i the tears rolling down his haggard face ;' mny ::~ownlittle, bright-eyed darling. T'hank God !' he .ezclszimed, in a burst of agony, ' her poor mother i bsanot lived to: see this day. Gone,.gone,' he \---Iaeoned, piteously.' -I "-We welked on toiwards poor Steveiison's lodgings -t ia; gloomy silence. 'At last I ventured to say, -rf HUa nything ever beue heard of hr since ?' " i Sdl IF* , 'tls -now twelve months since her fgligt,'aid a 18 word has ever reached the broken- hearted fathes, grho mourns her~.aone de'ad.' -Pi{Eirived'at the lodgings and were shown into .. Stevensoni~ki'ohlryi ke-'ke?nore-lead than sliver: '-'-f4Wih;ie 6fia sd an alceration in a maninase short a time?'H?Eiwrac~ghost -·- his former.:; se~,, He hi , -isDelf 6i..bed.::s we .:utered, and tried to. emile-a faipt broken-hearted smile. _,: ,s ,. ' How is it with you this morning ?' I asked,? :'Better, somewhat,' he replied;. ' I think I might manage to get through to- night, Wilkins,' s;irle, address ng.fim; ' you can road for me a reh-s'a!j4is- morning. I know, you are anxious fot?thesu' ceyý ioif ihe piece, and-I should- not like to. ,lis-ipp ih b you,.' Wilkins explained-to him he had a Eoudon n.anagerconmiug down to witness the production, and.after psacertinipg we could do nothing for him, addpromnising t'tcall with a:cab.to take him to the theatre-at.night, we departed for rehoersaL ' By Jove, what a house, Wilkins, old fellow,' I exciaimed, as I descended from my dressing-room: apd met him oi 'tlie Stage; ' yourve beaten us all.' S Oo-?an'drlook a*it, my bey, look at it,' he said, as he4 rp?ed and dodged in and oat of the wings. nas I`walked-t'i' the- priimpt -butrance, . and peeir? through the curtain. The lbad was playing loudly but the impatience .f ..the audience could be hear d( -hove it. The house- was cram'med' from floor to ceiling.. I never haiv it so: full. The stalls seemed; a mass of shirt fronts ; circle, pit, gallery, every. arvilable spa.e'whas occupied. ' Overture, beginners, please," echoed from door to door ofthe dreesinpgroems. The orzb estra ceased= playing.. Wilkins- could be heard exclaiming, "Clgar,,plea?,;" iuip went the curtain, and the play beganin a J .1 1i. The first act was over, and the audience, breaking from the spell whichlt hd held 'them, were giving vent to their enthuiltEni. The second act was on,. and'pl.ayed; with even, more effect and applause than the previous one ; at its close the Londonz manager came behind much delighted. " If the last act only, equals the first two," he exclaimed to WVilkinsexcitedly,," There's a fortune Last act, "Beginners, please," the call-boy ;_s shoating, when I-obsenved the door-keeper approach eWialkidrs cati,.nly, and ,,whispjr _something in his. ear. '" GreatHeavens, yo don't mean that ?" I heard Wilkinls:wa y. - . " I do, sir, every word of it, and it's-true, as sure as my name's Bob Roberts," reoliad the man, and they both walked rapidly towards the stage door. I followed, and was about to enter the door keeper's ofmce, when Wilkins stopped my. further progress. "' What on earth is the matter?" I said, " You To~ --siScarea s-t- ifyou'dseetr a -ghostr'-'- " So I have seen a ghost, or what is worse to me now, poor Stevenson's daughter, whohas returned to her father with her newly-born babe dead in her arms, from exposure and starvation." " Dead, " I ejaculated. " If her father sees her now," conainued Mr Wilkins, " my play is ruined, for he will never be able to get through the last act." "Mr Wilkins," said the call boy, now appearing " we are waiting to ring up." Poor Wilkins looked as if he had just signed'his: own death warrant. " You had better keep the girl away from her. father till the play is finished," I said. ( "Look iere, Adstin;" said Wilkins, his face brightening up suddenly ; " 1 have a plan in my mind, which, if it succeeds, will make the fortune of my play.". Before I could speak he was gone, and the curtain rose on the last act. The final scene of the play had commenced and I was standing at the entrance ready to go on, when I observed Wilkins, with poor Stevenson's daughter, leaning on him for support, coming towards 'me. " In heaven's name, why do you bring the poor girl here ?" I exclaimed, angrily. " It's all right, Austin," said he ; " her father is on the stage and won't see her until she goes on." ,.' Goes on ! what do you mean ?' " I mean thaJ instead of the leading lady (Miss Webster) going on to ask her father's forgiveness, I shall send Stevenson his own daughter. Nature will speak better than the best acting in the world, and it will be a grand climax to the play.' I triid to remonstrate with him, but my cue being given, 1 bad to make my entrance. The scene was going capitally, and we had now come to the closing situation, when the father forgives his erring and repentant daughter. Stevenson was working up splendidly, the cue was given for the daughter's entrance; Stevenson turned to embrace, not the leading lady, but his daughter ! The audience were spell-bound, you could have hea&da; pin drop in any part of the house. 'Father !' 'My child !' Was all that was said ; it pierced the audience like an electric shock. The two were locked in each other's embrace, and then the curtain descended on the finest'elimanx-I- have ever witnessed. But oh, the cost ! The success of the play was made; the audience were clamorous in their enthusiasm to have the principals 'iefore the curtain. Each member of the company has taken their call, and th~ie nvere loudi thont for' Stevenson I Stevenson !' but poor Stevenson had answered ' His Last Call.' He was dead in his daughter's arms. Bobby, aged five, complained that his tea-the regulation milk-and-water article-was not to his taste. His mother, beside whom he was seated, said, ' Why, Bobby, my' tea is very good.' 'Sup pose we change teas,' suggested Bubby. A boy wrote a composition on the subject of Quakers, whenhe described as a sect who never quarrelled, never got into a fight, never clawed each other, and never jawed back. The production con tained a postscript in these words-' Pa's a Quaker, but ma isn't.' Off ind On.-Featherstone-' I tell you, old man, you oughtto bein with a girl like Miss Grosgiain. Her father travels a great deal, and while he is away we have a lo ely time.' Ringway-- WhVbat do you do when he comes home " Fkeatherstone ' Then I travel,' f--tSellp, Bub! Is this a good place to, hunt for reed birds P' * Yes.' 'Seen any round here?' 'No. Popl's been beating' the marshes for over a week.' ' Did he get any ?'- ' No, hedidn't get none. iThat's wh3 it's a good place to hunt 'em-but as to findin' 'em, it's the meanest place in Jersey.' First football eithusiast---'How are you getting along with that pretty little charmer of yours, Harry ?' Second football enthueiast-' Badly ; last limeI called her father booted me out.' First foot ball enthusiast (interested y)-' Was it a 'punt' or a 'drop ?' Second football enthusiast (feelingly) ' Neiher; it was a' place' kick.' 'Peihaps,' said the fresh yong man, as he plumped himself down on the sofa between the two giddy girl, 'perhaps you were discussing some c:hoie.secret-?' '-Oh, no,' said one of them, 'I was jubt saying to Minnie that nothing should separate us, but really I didn't expect it to happen so soon. And-thie boating of his own heart was all the sound he heard. Amy to Mamie (on tram)-' Did you see that great, horrid, mean woman next to me refuse to lkt nim sit down ? I just took to standing on hr-r toe-, au'd-lie maaaged to find a pi-. Oh, Mamie. sjkreadoiir skirt oitqiuick, or that ugly man will sit down there d'and crowd us to death.' .-Not on:the Bench.-' You say this man has be.,, drinking,'. said his honour. :.' Drinking wh:t ? SWhisky, I sadppose,' answered Officer M'G hi.. "o' u gppose ? Don't jou know whisky ? Aren't you a-judge .r 'No, v'r Anner. Only a pohcc man o.l:'his lionour looked carefully at his minion a moment and then called the next case. An advertiser in acGlasgow paper succeeds in casting- some painfully lurid shadows on the meri s of tlii??witbhback as a national institution. lie loffera' reward 'if the nervous young lady wi-, .clunggQthegintlmdiila on t the swilchbat k rai nay g) tei?Ci tizi 'iiltretuir thisnatch and ch.in.' :. : .7 , .:... ,, ..-~ , ·. . . . . . 