AT THE DIP OF THE ENSIGN.' By Waeatah, {Author of 'Calm after Ssorm,' &c.;]t; The rising moon has hid the stars V i Her level r»ys, like golden bars,. -^ Iie.on4i»e Undsoape green 'With shadows blown between. —Longfellow. ; \- A balmy spring evening. ' The world ap- ! pears bathed in moonlight. The sea touches ! the beach with dreamy ripple, and from far j away outside the harbor a weird sound is ? borne— the muffled roar of heavy waves as they dash sullenly against the cliffs. Sydney harbor by moonlight. Who can -describe- itses qmsite loveliness wonders a girl- as (she ; stands upon a balcony, from -which she obtains : _a£ne viewof theharJsor, calm,«till as though . sleeping, and of the shadowy shores upon i which many gleaming lights shine like jewels. I It is so beautiful, so solemnly beautiful, that j it saddens the girl, who is sad enough already. I To-morrow her sailor lover's ship will glide : through those great frowning heads, and so . will be lost to her sight. The girl is not alone ; ; the tall, strongly-built man at her side is the ? lover who is to join his homeward-bound vessel on the morrow. These two young people have been firm friends from early childhood. Then; parents before them had 'been friends, and were pleased when they found that the young people's re _gard had ripened into hive as they grew np hi years. As they stand upon the balcony both ? young ... hearts are filled with unspeakable sorrow;; They are thinking of the dreary days that must elapse before they meet again. . The silence is broken at last by the man's ?voiced 'fTanoy,'1ie eries/*1give me a little ; of your attention ;.you can see the harbor by : moonlight at any time.' . j 'Not unless it happens to be moonlight, ! Jaok,' says his companion demurely. j 'Don't be absurd, Nancy ; I wonder you j can jest when you are starine at the Heads ! through which we sail to morrow.'' 'But you do not sail, you steam.' . 'Are you going to- talk nonsense all the evening, dear? If so, we had better go in. Mi*. King is no doubt anxious - for your society. I left him talking ' J» ~ .your,, aunt Jane; she., was .describing, j her* latest symptoms. She- suffers icom neuralgia of late, I believe, but perhaps he would tear himself away from this fascinating subject to talk to you.'' - * .' - ?:?; V Yoa- sill^deai ,*- said Nanoyi 'yon: know * I am trying to amuse you. Oh, Jack, to 'think I shau watch the ensign 'dip to-morrowi 'Darling, do you remember how yeais aga when you were a weeiairy, and I.a great rough middy, I used to tell you to watoh the -' Jand Xnsed to know as we left the Tfi«u^g and the flagfftattered that you were saying good bye to me. You never missed, did you Nancy 2' 'You know I did not; and it used to make me Sad even then ; but of late I am more thair sad, X am terrified. I shudder and am ?fearful of-^I know not what.' ? Jaok%ikea the; girl to his heart and kisses her-eadwhite face. 'You must not have such morbid presentiments, dear; I shall soon re turn, and then give ,np jny- roving and eetrtile - down-ashore.' lEjhe girU langhed wistfully. 'Ton will never be happy .a way from 4he sea, iSTack^ut if the worst comes to ^he-worst you must eb- - ? tain«mployment on a lighthouse. I am sure that iBJnuai better than going to sea; a light house has the advantage of being stationary.. Harki Auntie is caUing me. I must go hi, Jack.' 'It's only, that bore king, wanting you to -acoompanya'song, or say good-bye, or some excuse to speak to you. Nanoy, promise me youwill shun that fellow, when I am gone, He has fascinated all your people, and evidently admires you intensely, and won't be snubbed. I wonder he can follow yon about, the block head, when he must see he is not wanted. There is your Aunt Jane, again. -Kiss ine once more, Nancy. You will not forget me?' 'Never, dearest. So long as I live I shall never forget you, Jack.'; '. .* :. ^ ? And so together they enter the house. '*' ' ' ' Next day Nanoy stands on the balcony, with her eyes fixed on a vessel gliding towards, the Heads. So near it comes at hist that she can distinguish the crowd on its deck. The Heads are reached. A moment the huge vessel seems to linger. The girl's face is white and drawn, her hands Dressed to her madlv beating heart, her gaze fixed on the fluttering ensign**. Once, twice, thrice it dips. ' Good bye, my love,' . ehe murmurs brokenly. Another moment and the great ship has glided from her sight. ' '? ? With a moan of sorrow she - falls upon her knees and bows her head.- 'Oh! Jack/ my love, my love, I am alone indeed;' ehe cried* Ohaiteb H. Ii9ee the Ionic proceedon smipoBEuigtoandtto, . The young heart hob and restless, ^nd too old suMued and dow. . — liOSaFELLOW. On the morning after Jack's departure Mr. and Mrs. Vane are sitting at. their daintily appointed breakfast table when Nanoy enters the room. . ' ' ; 'My dear,' says her father, 'you' must really oontrive to be more punctual. Ah 1 here comes your- Aunt Jane, late also ; but we must excuse her. You certainly don't .look flourishing, Jane. But, Nanoy, what excuse have you for yourself?' - '? -~. -. «-' I slept badly, father,' says Nanoy,'*' and so awoke late.9'. ... Mrs. Vane looks at the girl's pale face and heavy eyes, eyes that tell' a. story of along night watoh and bitter tears. 'Nancy,1' she; says reprovingly, 'if you are -fretting over Jack's absence let me tell you it is unseemly to grieve in this ridiculous manner. No good can come of setting one's affec tions on earthly idols; it is against -^nature, she 'was going to say, but changed her mind)— it ib against religion and— and-pcommon sense. I wonder that a daughter of mine should so foreet herself.'1 And poor. Nancy, looking at -her mother's handsome face, with its clear-cut features, Bteely-blue eyes, and somewhat hard ex pression, also wonders. She is very fond and proud-of her stately mother, very obedieat-and gentile to her, but never goes to that mother with all the joys and griefs of her young heart. - The girl is quite aware that her parents do not understand her nature; she bad known that from childhood. Even in the nursery she had heard 'her old nurse whisper to the servants— 'Mies Nancy ain't one bit like her parents; she's the very image in looks and manners of her grandmamma Vane. I washer maid, you know, and a gentier creature neverstepped.'? 'Do you hear, Nanoy?' her mother con tinued in a shocked voice that is irritating in the extreme to the girl's overstrung nerves. ' I forbid you to act in this ridiculous manner. You are not a child, remember, and must learn to control your feelings.' 'I am. not well, mother dear,' said the girl in trembling assents. 'There 1' 'oried Aunt Jane in triumpban tones, 'There! I told yon bo, Sate. Indigos tion, and all through eating chocolates. Now, Nancy, perhaps yon will find ohtwhatlsuffer and be glad to take some of that marvellous tanoture you scoff at. Why here am ~I living npon dry toast and lemon and water, and yet suffer, so I should not be surprised if yours -proved, a very bad case, considering you tbiok :*.-V:s;-v-.'-:.*^--''i nothing of eating three boxes of chocolates a daj.' ', It is not indigestion, auntie,' says Nancy sauting. ....?-? '7Howdcryou know?' persists Miss Vane, whose one absorbing passion hi life is indiges tion. '?'If you are not feeling well, Nancy,' said her Smother coming to her .rescue -by : changing ' a subject that always threatened to be endless when Misa'Vane started upon it, 'you had better go and -lie-down in the morning-room.' She scans rather anxiously her daughter's . sweet, 'sad face. 'Being a woman of iron constitution herself it is difficult to convince her that illness is not always imagination on the part) of the. sufferer. Her sisterinlaw's complaints and fancies -have gone a good way, to strengthen the opinion, but she has to admit that Nancy looks fragile. She is certainly beautiful, but of that delicate flower-like beauty that is never robust. A romantic young suitor of Nancy's hadbnoe said 'Your daughter reminds me of a|primrose,' and having given voice to this opinion he -»uld not explain himself further; but even unsentimental Mrs. Vane caught his meaning, Nancy was sweet, fragile, dainty as arprimrose. In her mother's eyes she looks mnoh as -usual to-day, save'for the signs that tell of 'weeping; but ahe remembers that some few years ago, when Nancy was sixteen, and&ttending; a school festival, she was called upon to recite. As she stood upon the plat form prior to commencing her recitation she had- paled suddenly and fell to the floor in a faint. Once or twice afterwards these faulting fits had. occurred-; Her father sent the best doctor in Sydney to see his daughter. 'She wairfcs a-tonio; most young people do,' he had argued ; but the doctor looked . rather grave after interviewing his little patient. 'Do any of the -members of - the family suffer with the heart?' he had asked Mrs. Vane* At first she could nob remember that they did; but suddenly Aunt Jane, who forgot nothing where illness was concerned, remem bered there had been some talk of heart oomblamt at the death of some cousins in '5Tou don't think ft is heart disease, doctor.' 'No, oh no ; but there is a slight weakness ; she ] will in all probability grow out xA ifc: Can, freedom from mental strain, less study, andjshe shbuld he stronger, in a few years.' Stronger ehe had seemed as time went on ; and: the faulting was forgotten.: . Indeed, .that - hintof the doctor's had never heen'credited -by Mrs. - Vane. ' ' As if aU the excitable girls who fainted had weak hearts;?, ib was absurd. jBntshe did her dutyK' Nancy had every care and luxury. 'I will come and read to you, my dear, if you would care to rest,' said Aunt Jane. 'Mr. James has published his book of poems. I should like you to hear some of them.'* ' *rIshe the gentleman who always 'wreaths - his | brow 'with flowerets gay,' aunty?' asked Nancy with a roguish gleam flashing into her eyes. 'Ueo,IamafraidX8hallsoaroely; appreciate his poetry, for -knowing him by sight I always haveon my mind's eye the pic ture of an elderly gentleman -with .pale blue glasses perched npon, his nose and a wreath of flowers around his venerable head, and that spoik all -She poetry.' : . . '^Nanoy, you are Inoorrigihtei but I will read anything jou like.' ?: '*Thank you, ' aunty ; then we will have ? The Courtship of Miles Blandish.' ' Nancy is soon her bright winsome self again, thafekful when the sun shines and the sea 1 iea slecbing cahnlyr Then she. will stand gazing 4-utffar over the ocean, trusting, praying that herjsailor lover is safe from all danger.: Some times the waves lash furiously and' the wind shrieks around the:'horise -all through the stormy night ; then she will pace her room, restless and terrified, praying fervently 'for those in periL' -. . One evening, about a month after Jack's departure, Nancy had gone to rest happy and hopeful, a letter headed ' Albany' clasped in her hands. Such a tender, loving letter. Over and over again -she had read those closely written lines, fearful lest she had missed one precious word.-. Her dreams are bright thatnight, tor awaking dark indeed. . Ik is her mothers voice that . breaks in upon her; slumbers in the ^afly morning. 'Oh, Nancy ! Nanoy!' she cried; 'your father is well nigh distracted. - The morning's paper contains such dreadful news.' 'Mother — mother — hot . the ship— not Jack?' ' Jack r . No ; nothing about him. Nancy, are you going to faint juBt : when I need your . 'U am better, mother*-* What is-, the trouble?' ' . -& .?'???- ' You can bear bad news, child?' . . 'Yes, mother dear^ I am, brave now.* ?'There is a rumor — a terrible' rumor — that if verified will mean ruin to us alL The bank managed by Mr. Harly, Jack's father, is said to be on the point of closing. -Oh 1 it means ruin to the Harlys as well as ourselves. -The blow wOlkifl your father; we have never been accustomed to poverty, and now— in our. old age — ^-'-'and the poor lady burst into bitter teats. - Nanoy threw her arms around her mother's neok and kissed her tenderly. . ?; 'My dear,' said her mother a tittle later, 'this is not all; Jade's father will, I fear, be blained. It seems he has been rash, if nothing more.' *!0b, mother, not that j I am sure it is a mistake. We will not look at the darkest side, and if the worst comes I am young and can' work for you. We shall be together at kasb. - It is not bo had as death or disgrace. Do be comforted, mobbBr.. ^Are we not told ' God' will provide?1 ~ . ; 'You don't understand child, how should you ? Have we nob been surrounded by every comfort, even luxury ; but you are; young, as you say ; we are pld and cannot begin the world afresh.' .-.»-. Gradually 'Nanoy succeeded in soothing her mother, and when Liter they descended to the breakfast-room, stately handsome Mrs. Vane was*outwardly oahnaaever. .. , : 'The master has gone out,' said a servant in answer to her .mistress's enquiries, . 'and said he may not return until late?' It is evident 'that the servants already have heard the news;' the girl hovers around the breakfast table anxious to -stay in the room, although she knows the morning meal is always taken in private by the .family, Mr. Vane always insisting upon this as he likes to discuss his letters-with his -wife. 'I will ring when we require you, Mary,' said Mrs. Vane at last, and the reluctant girl was compelled to retire to the kitchen, where she confided to- cook that 'These three ladies take it so coolly ; it beats alLI ever see ; . even Ttfi'm» Nanoy, who looked like a ghost when her ? young -man went away, is chatting and smiling this morning as lively as yon please.' When 'Aunt Jane found that they were alone she turned to Mrs. Vane—' Is it true, Kate ? Has my brother's money gone V *' Oh,: Jane, I. dare not think eo.' 'Well, well; ib is terrible. There is my small annuity ; that is safe, but I- don't see how, we can all live npon it. And I so delicate, it has only paid my doctor's bills bo far, bub you are welcome to it Kate if it is any use.' And she burst into tears. Nanoy -had some difficulty in calming the bewildered lady. She had no -time if inclination to fret herself. .Between tending her mother and aunt, and. seeing to the many -household duties, her thoughts are oooupied. ' Evening comes at 'last, and -the trembling women hear Mr. Vane's step in the halL . Mrs, Vane rises and goes to meed her husband, bud lw entej» t)b« djawing-room ere Bhe reaches the -door. She cannot speak ; but her husband's face tells her bhe worst. ' What news, father ?'.asks Nancy hurriedly. ' Wife, we are ruined in our old age,' cries ' Mr. Vane hoarsely ; and I blame that careless scoundrel Harly. Whatever others say, I maintain the fault is his. Poverty! all through the man we. called friend for so many years. The father of the man I thought to call son.' Mrs. Vane sank into a chair, with a low moan of pain, and bowed her head in her hands. Nancy stood with dilated eyes and parted lips, her face turned to her father. . 'Listen, Nanoy,' continued her father, ' you were to marry this man's son ; that must be all forgotten now ; ib is out of the question. Jack: Harly's father has been the principal cause of my downfall. I believe him to be a scoundrel whatever others may argue. Let me never hear his .name again. As for the man you were to 'marry you will return any letters or gifts from him, and tell him I forbid any correspondence between you, even should you be sufficiently undutiful to wish. ib. You may -think this hard,: but ib is out of the question that we . should ever again be on a friendly footing with the son of the man who has caused our down fall. Besides, he will have enough to do to provide for his parents if it turns out that -Harly has gone down with the wreck. You understand, whilst you wish to call yourself child of mine never again mention bhe Harly's hated name.' 'Fabher! father! Jack is nob to blame*.. I cannot ? ' Mr. Vane strode towards her, his eyes wild, his face drawn and haggard with passion and anxiety, -beside himself with rage and misery. ' Never mention that name again ! ? Disobey me in this, add to my present trouble, and I disown you,' he cried furiously. The terrified girl crouched down by her mother's side, Mrs. Vane threw her arms around the . slight form; bub- the embrace- re- ceived no response — Nancy had fainted. 'Chapter HL Codpity them both! and pity na all ... Who vainly the dreuns-of youth recall. V For of all the md words of tongue or pen, ' . : Ihe saddest are these, ' It might Have been.' .'..- — Wehtier. .' ' To make economical omelet, take six eggs' ?—-bub' here Aunt Jane, who is reading aloud from the cookery book, comes to an abrupt termination. ''Six eggs ! and they at half a crown a dozen, that won't do ; and your father does so much fancy an omelet, Nancy. We must geb a book with less expensive ideas. No wonder I used to suffer so if Mrs. Cook took her recipe from this- book, it makes me feel bilious to read one-half of the dishes. Bnb your father 'must have what he fancies, dear, and since his illness he does nob seem to under stand how difficult in is to obtain luxuries on our small income. Oar weekly accounts are too heavy as it is, and I'm sure we are economical to a degree ; bub things do go by contraries in this .world. When we were sur rounded by plenty I lived upon the most meagre fare and was content ; since our down fall I am, in perfeotly robust health, and my appetite is ridiculously hearty. ' All through the hard work you do, dearest auntie.? 'Well,- it seems to agree with me better than physic.' This is quite true; Aunt Jane has become another woman. Heal trouble has caused her. to forget imaginary ills, and she has proved herself the support and comfort of the house hold. r' 'Well, Nanoy, what about the omelet? your father ought to have it for lunch. Mr. King has sent him some splendid port). I thought a glass of that with thin bread and butter^ — ' 'Oh! there is no butter, auntie; I could nob afford any to-day; you knowing rent is due. . I have just enough for that. Three pounds a month seems a great deal for this tiny cottage,' said Nanoy with a sigh. ? ' Well, dear, ib is no use fretting ; so long as we can keep within the limit of our little income we shall do fairly well, bub with your father an invalid ? ?' ? ' It is impossible,' said Mrs. Vane, entering the room.' ''The doctor says James' must have a trip to the mountains; that is the latest news, Jane. As well say a trip to the moon. Mr. King has offered, in his usual generous manner, to arrange that James shall have the trip, bub, of course, I cannot allow that ; we are under obligations to him already. He is ~ always sending something — fruit, wine, books. I cannot bear to accept them, bub they are .- necessary. I know not how to repay him for all this kindness.' Mr. Vane is anparently addressing Aunt Jane, bub her eyes wander to Nanoy's flushed face. ' Mother,' saidNancy a little later, breaking a silence that was oppressive to all, 'Mrs. Wells will take me as a governess and pay me £25 a year ; would not that help f ? =.'Ib would nob pay your father's doctor, child; and you are needed here. I must be with the invalid ; he is too feeble, too fanciful, -to- be left for long, and needs all my care. Foot Jane is overworked as it is. --No, dear, ib is out of the question. So far I cannot see what we shall do. We must not despair; maybe we shall find the goose with the golden eggs.'- 'I've found ib' cries Aunt Jane trium phantly. ?? 'The goose, Auntie?*' 'No, child ; bub you might well say the golden eggs, such a price as they are — I have found the recipe for omelet— only three eggs, so James can have one ; and Aunt Jane marched off to the kitchen victorious. ' Who ever expeobed to see Jane acting as cook,' said Mrs. Vane, smiling wistfully, 'and so cheery and active as she is, too. What should we do without her? Oh i if we could- only manage without the dear soul's money, ib breaks my heart to accept ib.' \- ' I will go and help her,' said Nancy, rising and putting aside her needlework, 'unless father requires me, mother, or you will go and restawile.'* ' ' No, dear. Bub stay ; I wish to speak to you, Nancy. Yon know that Mr. King wishes you to become his wife. Is there no hope of your accepting him ? . Nob alone for your father's sake do I wish ib were possible, bub for your own; you are not fib for this drudgery ; ib will kill you. And then your poor aunt ! Oh Nanoy, could you not be happy 1 Every wish of yours would be gratified. You would have money, influence, everything you could wish for, and the happiness of being able to give your poor father all he should have. Child, do nob think I wish to advice anything that may nob be for your good. For myself I care nob, bub I believe that you would be happier as Mr. King's wife— he truly loves you.'' ? ' Mother, I cannot ! I cannot !'' ' Very well, dear, we must trust and hope for bhe best. I do nob wish to urge you. I must go' to your father,' and, with a weary sigh, Mrs. Vane rose and left Nancy alone. Alone with her sad reflections, her heart torn in twain. What should she do ? Was ib her duby to sacrifice herself for her father's sake? Oh, if she knew what was right. Well she knew her love for Jaok Harly would never die. How, then, could she become another's wife ? ' Amidst all the care and work that falls to her share daily, she is haunted by one thought — 'Jack will be here hi two months, \- and we shall nevei meet.' She bad wribten as her father bade her. Ib was a heartbroken, incoherent little letter, that brought the hob tears into her sailor lover's eyes when he read it in England. He heard bhe news of his father/a, bank failure by fte. eam.6, mail, bub after jaUying from the ttow hiatirave spirit bore him op, and he - wrote words of comfort and hope to the girl he loved. 'Do .not* despair, dearest,' he wrote, 'the fatawMjeemu ; - dark at present, but the sun will shins again. You are right; my parents will bo dependent on me now, and must claim my love and protection ; and I shall never rest until I prove beyond doubt, to your parents, that my father is blameless, though unfortunate. We are young and can wait patiently for better days, so long as we are sure of one another's affection. Nancy, my lovej for the time, farewell; but I do not give you up'; some day I ehall claim you,, only be true. Obey your parents. I will never ask you to even write me a. line with out their consent; bub, love,, when out ship leaves/the harbor I shall hope you are watching the ensign dip, and shall think you are saying— ? Good-bye ; God bless you Jack/ And you will know I am saying— ?Good-bye; God bless Nancy, my love.' ' Tor days Nancy had been happier after xoJ ceiving that letter, but bhen came another blow. Mr. King had asked her to become his wile, had promised every care for her parents,; and she had refused him ; had told him plainly she could never care for him as his wifeshould -; bub he did nob believe thab. He loved her madly, and would do all in his power to win her regard. , Ever -since that day Nancy had been diav tracted between her wish to help her parents and yeb be true to Jack. By one word she could alleviate her father's Bufferings, make hBr mother happy, and return to her aunt the portion of her annuity that had already been used for then: common good. For herself she gave no thought.; riches were nobhing to hex. Jack was all her wealth, her pride. - i Her aunt interrupted her sad refleotiona.' . Naney.'^she said abruptly, as she entered the room with a pie- dish in one hand and a large bouquet in the other— 'Mr. King has sent this— no, not the dish child— the bouquet ; I was wondering what ib cost, and at a rough calculation should say meat for the whole « ,7 for one week» 'o*1 Perhaps a chicken as well. ' ' Auntie ; what are yon saying V ) 'I mean, dear, we could have paid tha batcher with the sum this cost, and yet yon wont appreciate ib. It might be a cauliflower or cabbage, for ail you care.' 'We could at least have eaten them. Tha flowers are lovely, but so oub of place here. I will put them in water and bhen come andf? cook dinner. You just sib bhere and rest; I will bring you some tea directly. You look more worried thaa usual, Auntie.' ' 'Ib worries me to know your father doe* nob geb all bhe nourishment he should have.; How can we procure all the expensive luxuries' he ia ordered ? And now there is change o£ scene and air to be arranged somehow; &?'- seems oub of the question.' 4 ' Is father worse Auntie ?' -: '-I fear he will not be muoh better under the, present circumstances, dear. The doctor ia'r afraid of his brain giving way. You see he i*i very feeble, and in his weak state feels his: losses more than he would do if he were well! and hearty. The constant anxiety preys upon: his mind.' ' Do you think my father is likely througb ; all this worry to lose his senses ?' 'My child, we must pray nob, and do all in our power to alleviate his distress. And that)': reminds me I left the beef tea on the fire. No. Let me attend to it ; here is Mr. T^ing coming ? in the gate. Do you open bhe door for him,; Nancy.' Nancy walked to the door, her face whitev - ler lips tightly pressed together, and a fixed; hard expression in her eyes. } When Mr. King left the house- thab night ha was Nancy's accepted suitor. Mrs. Vans was radiant when she heard thai news— glad for her daughter's sake, un-- selfishly glad ; for she truly believed Nancy'a; fubure would be all that a fond mother could: wish for her child. Of course there would be; a little romantic sentiment, and a few sighs j over the death of her old love, bnb onca! launched hi society as Mrs, King there would; be so many distractions, her life would be soi bright, that all would be forgotten. .; The girl herself was much as usual. She: went about her daily duties and did all in her! power to be a help and comfort. Bub whenr alone the wild, terrified expression in her eye3 - told of her sufferings. And at night she would; Bit for many weary, lonely hours, her 'gazer fixed upon the sea. Yeb she did nob weep ori even sigh; she was to all appearances calm.j and sab at her window often until dawn — calm.; stonily, terribly calm. Mr. King had, for all their sakes, begged Iok- an early marriage. The sooner the little home- was broken up the better, he argued, and tha amount he insisted on settling upon Nancy! when she became his wife would enable her bra; do anything for her parents' welfare:. ' Will you name a day, Nancy V her mother: asked. 'I have promised to leb Mr. King, know as soon as possible.' Shall we say nexft month?' i Nancy's face waB turned, her mother couIoL nob see its expression. Her tone waa calm, and even as ehe said, ' If you think ib ad-} . ~ visable to be next month I should prefer the; 30th,' in her heart' there was one thought,] that Jack's ship would sail again for England: on that day ; she would say good-bye to himw for the last time as the ship lef b the Heads. . ?' Chaptes IV. A dreary iea now flows between. Bat neither neat, nor frost1, nor thunder, . Shall wholly do away, I ween, ? Tbe marks of that which once had been. '^ — ConERnxm. T Nanoy's wedding has taken place. Only; one favor did she beg for herself on th&' occasion. 'I should like tbe marriage to be! at 3 o'clock,' she had said, 'and to have thai ? hour from 4 to 5 to myself.' -! All had agreed thab the marriage should be?' ' quite private, and bake place in their present abode. At 7 o'clock the happy pah; would-; leave by train en route for Melbourne. ? Her mother left Nancy standing ab thai window gazing at the lovely view without. 14 ia almost the same view that she had loved to : gaze upon from the balcony of the old home..: The cottage and mansion are very near oner another, and both face the harbor. ': For some time she stands gazing oub, the; balmy evening air fans her sweet face and stirs; the soft rings of hair thab rest upon her fore-/ head. Suddenly ehe gasps as though foe; breath, her gaze is fixed upon a stately vessel, j ' Slowlv ib comes; then turns towards the- Heads. There it lingers for a moment like a; bird ere it takes ita flight. Then there ia! a flutter — 4he ensign runs up and dowruj 'Good-bye, good:bye for ever,' cries Nancy.! Her husband appears ab the door., ' Darling,' he cried, bub Nancy heeded hint) not; her eyes were BtiU fixed on the Bhiivj Suddenly a smile lib up her face. ' Hark'f»; she cried, 'Ib is Jack's voice; he is saying! good-bye.' Then she pressed her hand to her! leartand seemed* to struggle as though for! breath. Her husband hurried towards her,j and caught her in his arms as she felL '. ' ' Nancy, Nancy, speak to me. What cattl ; Idoforyout'' ' ' ' But Nancy will never speak again. She had; said good-bye for ever at the dip of bhe ensign.: ' Did you write James Skidmore's name oa ' this note?' said bhe judge to the prisoner, accused of forgery. ' I'd like to know, judge,' : replied the latter, 'if Jim Skidmore has a; copyright on the letters which happen to form, his name.' : Miss Tablette-^-'The wretch i And so hetj has been proposing to both of us?' Miss, Brenton— ' It seems so.' Miss Tablette— ' I ] wish we could think of some horrible way to ; punish him.' Misa Brenton— 'II have ib !'*: Miss Tablette— 'What is it?' Hias Brentott* — 'You marry him, dear.' -? . Dunkel (to lawyer who ia making oub hisri will)—' I vonb to leaf each clerk £100 dob haf ; peen hi my embloy twenty years.' 'Why,; that's much too liberal, Mr. Dunkel.'1 'Ah.; dot's it ! None of tern haf peen mit me ofer von year, und it makes me a good free adver-- tieements foi my poys ven I'm dead, ain'd itY* Barmen invariably take bhe opposite view oE- everything. The other day Mr. Gallagher was: in a bar, and he tipped his chair over, jammed, his head, and was consequently hurb. The in-i cidenb annoyed him, bub the barman said he: oughb nob to swear. Gallagher then said thatfi under the influence of sudden pain five meni out of six would swear. The barman could nofct believe it, and the result was a bet. Then fort the bet Gallagher gob an ordinary brick, and-i heated ib fearfully hob, and placed ib on thej marble bar. Now, a brick does nob show? heat, and therefore - ib was nob eur-i prising thab when Mr. Muggins . camsH n and saw the brick on the bast he should pick ib up. He, however,; showed no disposition to put ib into his pocket, j . but- immediately laid it down, made sundry' frantic gestures, and said a number of wiokedj words. Then in oamea baker, who also picked] up the brick— and laid it down. -He looked' savagely round, and, after freeing his mind off some unholy sentiments, he thought better tot) - make no further comment.-. The next victinti : was a Frenchman, and he spoke every wordi : of English he knew, and two-thirds of what hd remarked was quite unparliamentary. Hat joined Mr. Muggins and the baker in Buckingi ingers and watching for the next man^ : He came in the form of a prominent politician^ and as he placed the brick upon the bar? his language sounded - like after-election talk. The barman began to think he would; lose. Bub the next man merely pounced about and wildly waved his hand in the air withouts saying a word. (Ib appeared he was a dumb man.) The next man would decide the bet.. He was a young man from the country, ana, did not look like a 'talkative chap; bub when: he geb hold of that brick his jaws seemed to* become loose, and the way he gave vent to tus; feelings even Bhooked the parrob, and bhe baker said he would give a fiver to talk ufca, that. Gallagher had won. .He rose up and. explained the affair. The ax, headed by tha young man from the oounbry, started tor turn isone Sai. They brushed the. eeflnig with. him, tosed him as a foobball, and bhrew hint down bhe 'cellar, and said bhey wanted to Beg if[tlieyoou]l4mj*9ftiniBW«tf. Theydjd^^ 