'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION «' Now, which is the worse — to have no appetite for your dinner , or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When ' good digestion waits on appetite, and health on both,' that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But mo.-t of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too mucn iooa wimuuc an appoint), ur a, vigourous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it. is better to have an. appetite without a dinner, because short of the starvation line a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of ,s alterations and repairs.' To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, 'I was afraid to eat.' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived ou ? If the latter, why? Let him clearjtho mystery himself. He says, ' In the year 1889 I chauged my ! work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman for twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle with yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite po-r, with pains through the chest and shonlders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like n ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.' We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls ' a pricking sensation' at his heart, asj though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. ' I dreaded, '\he says, ' the thought of eat ing, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. ' After a time I got into a low, weak, nervooB condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep.' What he meansby the fear of 'something going to happen' is, of oouree, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of I somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungovemed imagination. ' With great difficulty,' he says, ' I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for two yeirs is past my powers of description. lam sure no one has suffered so much as I Iwve done' In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretohed experiance, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him, he ohanced to read in a book of a case exactly liJce his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. ' My wife,' he says, ' got me a bottle at Mr. Dangstaff's, in Woodlesford, and after usinp its contents the ailment left me, .and has iiever returned sinoe that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed bv the Midland Bailway Company for eleven years. (Signed) ' George Hunt, ' Oar Bottom Boad, ' Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish this by Mr. Hunt's* desire, in order that part of the world at least may know bow thankful he is, and for what reason. 