N'IMPOHTE, By J. 0. B. I There is news from the East ; from the Chinese direction. For weeks the people of one village in the Middle Kingdom had prayed for rain. And, ever as they supplicated, the sky became more and more like a bluey-bronze dome, from whose con cave side the sun looked pitilessly down, while earth and air palpitated with thirst. So the people wont to their temple, took down their god from his high altar, gave him a sincere bimbooing besides gouging out one of his eyes, and then re turned him to his place, po»ibly wiser, and cer tainly more disreputable-looking than he'd ever been before. Next day a waterspout struek a neighbouring mountain on the top, and came down the side in a sea that looked vicious as it bounded along, 15ft. deep, towards the hamlet where rain was wanted. Tho first house it met was the temple with 80 soldiers inside. And now the brother of the sun and moon has one temple and eighty soldiers less than he had some days ago. The god, too, was swept away, but being mostly made of castiron he didn't go far— just outside to the porch, where he sat down to wait for better times. The villagers who escaped were building him a new shrine when the mail left. TTia fame ! is now in all men's mouths as a rain-maker, and the rustic blacksmith i: busy making him a fresh eye to take the place of the battered one, and let bygones be bygones. With the exception of a high-class earthquake there's nothing equal to a good waterspout for bringing men to a sense of their religious duties. * * ? ? Rookwood is a sort of double suburb, half of it belonging to Sydney, and the other half to eternity. In short it contains the general cemetery wher-i city folk retire after life's fitful fever, and settle permanently on the land. As a stolid and un complaining occupier of a rather limited allot ment it would be hard to beat a full-grown skeleton. It was at Rookwood a few nights ago that the Rev. B» Rhodes gave a lecture ou stories and story-telHng. It is a subject with which many man, most women, and all children are familiar — a subject of absorbing interest since the world was fresh and young. But it is a pretty hazardous theme, even for a divine, to tackle in full view of a large necropolis. Let him be ever so full of his text — ever so conversant with fairy tales from the original one to the article in daily use among stock-brokers, American journalists, and Chinese fruit-hawkers — he cannot hope to com pete with the tombstones over the way. No ; for simple, unstudied romancing (the kind of con sistent story that having once made a statement sticks to it with dogged pathos) the epitaph still keeps far ahead of all other competitors. No great exercise of imagination is required to fancy some of those seasoned old mummies in Rook wood's city of dreadful silence almost shaking themseives to pieces 'with uncanny mirth at Mr. Rhodes's lecture. ' Story-telling, indeed,' they mumble funereally ; ' let him and his audience step over here and see what those we left on top have not alone said of us but worked into the very slabs that keep us down.' * * ? * In his speech at the opening of a free library in Whitechapd, the other day, Lord Rosebery ex pressed his horror of aE expurgated or boodlerized books. For a reading person of mature years it is terrible, no doubt, to take np any of the Restora tion writers, or Gulliver, or even the Spectator, and observe the havoc made with the text in defe rence to modern squeamishness. Tet there is something to be said on behalf of the expurgatois. It is a very ticklish thing to know when to place j even such late writers as Smollett, Fielding, and the tuneful Bobby Burns himself in the hands of youths and maidens. So that the complaints made about Sydney University text-books are not alto gether without warrant.. Leaving out the Latin classics of Horace, Juvenal, and 'Martin^ it ap pears to me that the pruning-knife might have i been, more, freely used with some of Steele's, and even Addison's papers, in the selections before me from the Spectator. Everything,' of course, de pends upon the age of the children for whom these delightful papers are intended. The wllmrinn or 'aside', mat will merely make a clean-minded man or woman smile may have an exceedingly bad effect on an inquisitive boy or girl. Take some of the references to the peculiarities of Sir Roger de Coverloy and Will Honeycomb for foafamPA. I do not envy the teacher who is asked to «ygpln.in to a Sung lad or lass the foibles of thfe chivalrous ight. An adult may go to the Public Library, take down an early edition of the voyage to the Houyhnhnms, and except, perhaps, for a bad taste on his mouth, be none the worse. But he doesn't bring it home for family reading. It may be said that ignorance is not innocence. May be not. Still, one should think twice before placing in front of babes and sucklings the viands that are so digestible by bodies of larger growth. » * * ? At public and semi-public English dinners the insensate habit of toasting persons and institutions is still indulged in. Sovereign, royal family, anny, navy, &c.;, are drunk to with more or less sincerity, while, except in the first two instances, some more or- less distinguished officer, official, or churchman responds and gabbles his gratitude for the honour done him or . his. doth. The practice is a stupid one at best, and years ago might well have been banished to that limbo of obsolete customs in company with hoops, kneebreeohes, long waistcoats, smallswords, periwigs, powder, pigtails, and patches. But a new terror been threatened at British dinners — no less than the inclusion of ' the colonies ' in the list of ordinary toasts. Some fussy person who is certainly no friend to Australia has malignantly suggested that at all festive gatherings bumpers should be filled and emptied to ' the colonies ' as now to the Sovereign and her red-ooated or blue-coated forces. Fortunately some of the leading London newspapers scented danger from afar, and broke out into a little gentle badinage regarding the wicked proposal. One of them remarked : — 'It may open upon our public dinner-tables the deluge of an inexhaustible colonial eloquence.' That's just it. Sainted Bridget ! consider how Brown from New South Wales, and Smith from Victoria, and Jones from Queensland or New Zealand would rise one after the other like B&cquo;'s ghosts, and, with a hard glare in each eye, proceed to empty the banquet-hall. The best garment for a oolonist going to London is a full suit of prond silence. But it is a garment that few are willing to wear. And if the depressing habit of toasting distant dependencies once came into vogiic in England and secured a firm foot hold there, the inevitable result would be that some colonists would never be suffered to visit the old country. Directly it became known in Sydney or Melbourne, or Brisbane or Adelaide that Mr. So- and-so had taken his passage for Europe his fellow-colonists in self-defence would be obliged to painlessly but firmly pole-axe him. ? * # * British privates are to be provided with pooket handkerchiefs. In fairness to the sister service, the blue-jackets should be supplied with gloves, to be used when at shot practice or while swabbing decks. Coriolanus ! think of the coming to life again of a Peninsular colonel or a Trafalgar captain and of his catching Tommy Atkins making his nose presentable with a handkerchief or Bill Starboard pulling on mittens. What graphic language that old soldier or sailor officer would use, to be sure. ... Noah's Ark has been found by an Armenian ecolesiaetic at present on a visit to tile United States. He kept the matter to .himself till he reached San Francisco. Then, finding he was at last in a land where men's words and actions were guided by truth and justice, he told of the discovery made by him before leaving Asia Minor, with a request that the affair should be kept out of the papers. The vessel, it appears, was in a fork of Mount Ararat, close on the confines of eternal snow, where the patriarch left it so long ago. It is 300 yards long — about double the length of the largest mail steamer coming into Sydney — and broad in proportion. One of the screw-blades was twisted in a fantastic way, as if the propeller had hit something before the great ship took the ground. The Armenian divine who made the discovery was principally struck with the fact that there was a time when . the boat before him contained samples of every creeping thing on earth. It wouldn't hold samples of the half of them at present. Why, without going beyond New South Wales, there are crawling things among us that would ask for a whole cabin for themselves with an awning on the poop when the rain stopped and the eun came out. . . . ' Madam, I beg you'll excuse me, but you'ro standing on my toe,' snapped a retiring-looking man to a 16-it. lady during a crush in the Town Hall corridor at a Sydney organ recital, the other day. ' Certainly,' responded the Bylph as she stepped placidly off, 'but I thought 'twas my husband's.' . . . Of 45 men who presented themselves the other day for medical examination prior to enrolment in the Melbourne polico but one passed. All the others were deficient in long power. Had generous feet and an aroma of strong tobacco been the tests, all would have gone through. . . . The first legal cremation took place in Melbourne last Sun day week. The subject was a Chinoee*leper. To die of leprosy and then be burnt is about as much happiness as a man can reasonably look forward to in this world of fleeting show. . . On Satur day there was an artillery duel at Sydney Heads. Under cover of the darkness a couple of steamers tried to steal in, land troops, and take the batteries in flank and rear. But our boyB were on the alert. By means of powerful search-lights they discovered the treacherous crafts and raked them from sprit tag rudder in fine style. Unfortunately, blank cartridge only was used. This was an oversight which must aot again occnr. By taking the pre caution to provide the gunners with highlyex plosive shells and the correct range, while the approaching vessels were manned by InWitrinK and their friends, the most gratifying results might be anticipated. The organised forces would secure practice and roughs pepper. 