NEWS OF THE DA Y. There is no tangiblo ahango in tlio political situation, though thero are many rumors and couutcr rumors as to what is likely to tako placo in thu early future. A suggestion that Mr. Simon Eraser, M.L.C., was likely to rotain his seat in tlio Ministry appoars to be utterly without foundation, and such an event is most improhablo in tho present pliaso of the posi tion. It is quito possible, however, that Mr. Peacock may ho taken in to fill a responsiblo office, as his services to tho Govern ment aro considered to merit reward. The portfolio of Public "Work is mentioned as that which could best bo allotted to Mr. Peacock, thus leaving Mr. Wheeler free to givo nil his attention to tho herculean task of rail way reform. It is understood that Mr. Munro, and somo of tho other retiring mombers, aro supporters of Mr. Pcnooek's claims, nnd a similar view is held among tho Assembly Ministers. Whether Mr. Pcacook is tlio only now Minister, apart from Sir Graham Borry, should he join the Cabinot, will dopend to a degreo on tho course adopted as to tho transfer of offices to tho Assembly. It lias bccoma an emphatic demand that the two expensive and important departments of Dofonca and Education should be adminis tered by a member of the popular Chamber, and tho prosent opportunity to moko tho ohnngo is considered fortunate. Should thoso offices ho brought into tho Assembly another distribution will bo necessary, and another Minister may be required. At present, however, political opinions aro based on tho assumption that several offices will remain in tho Council, and hence Mr. Zeal, Mr. G. Davis, Mr. Roberts and Mr. Melvillo aro spoken of as aspirants for tho vacant portfolios. Blinisters do not appear to anticipate any difficulty in comploting their team as far as thoy may require to go to the Council for assistance. Tho members of tho Ministry adhero to their intention to wait for tho purification of tho rolls before holding tho gonoral eloction. It has transpired that mora than ono of tho Council members of tho Government when Mr. Mnnro's appointment us Agent-General was considered strongly advocated their iminediato retirement, so that Mr. Shiels could at once reconstruct tho Ministry, prepare a programme and inako an early nppeal to the country, but thoy wore over ruled by tho members remaining in tho Minis try. Mr. Munro iu particular opposes an imme diate appeal to thooountry as uufnir to thoPremior oloot, who, ho contends, should not bo roquirod to formulate a policy at a moment's notice. When thoy do rotiro, however, the remaining Ministers will he fnood by the desirability of re moving offices to tho Assembly, and it will also ha a question whether the new Ptemior will per petuate tlio obnoxious system of appointing an unwarrantable number of Ministors to hold portfolios without offioo. It is expootcd that tho now rolls will not be ready boforc tho begin- ing of April, and, aocording to tho prosent atti tude of tho Ministry, tho elections will not take place beforo that time. Mr. Shiels, thoPromier- oloot, tookhisdoparturo yesterday evoning by tho Adclaido express for Narracoortc, Soutli Australia, whither Mrs. Sliiols preoeded him somo days ago. Ho says ho is uncertain how long ho will remain away. His main object is to take a holiday, but ho will also use tho oppor tunity to visit his constituents. Mr. Sliiols states that it is his custom to appear in his olootornto annually about Now Year, hut through the complox condition of affairs in tho political atmosphere ho has been, heretofore uiiahlo to do so in the present season. He adds that it is not his intention to address any publio meetings during his present trip, and according to his plans ns now formed ho will not go on to Adelaide. Oil Wednesday Mr. Shiels transferred to Mr. Wheeler Biioh information and docu ments ns arc ncoossnry for tho lattar to havo in liis possession to administer the Railways do. pnrtmcnt. Mr. Wheolor has sinco left town for Dnylosford, lyl.oro ho will remain until Monday noxt. As tlioro nro no further indications from London that tlio mnrket is moving towards a condition that would favor tlio floating of tlio proposed loan, tlio probabilities of plnoing it at fin oariy period havo bcooma still moro ramote. ' 'Tlio power still remains to issuo Treasury bonds niul plnco tiiom on tho markot as may bo ro quirod to fill tho placo of tho £2,000,000 instal ment of the loan. 1'horo is no immediate want of money, howovor, and, ns tho Treasurer has frequently announcod, tho Treasury bonds may not bo used at all. A comparison of tho Customs revenuo from all sourcos shows that for tho last two yoars tlioro lias boon a faffing off in tlio receipts. The figures are as follow 1887 Melbourne, £2,346,914 ; otlior stations, £136,382 ; total, £2,483,296. 1888— Molbourne, £2,863,034 ; other stations, £184,633 ; total, £3,047,667. 1889 — Melbourne, £3,011,463 ; other stations, £142,455; total, £3,153,918. 1890— Molbourno, £2,743,101; other stations, £182,070; total, £2,925,180. 1891— Molbourno, £2,564,773 ; other stntious, £162,698; total, £2,727,471. For tho financial year 1889-90 tho cost por cent, of collection has boon as follows : —Molbourno, £2 10s.; outports, £4 Is. 2d.; avorago for the eolony, £2 15s. 8d. On this item a considerable saving has been mado of late years. Tho Premier and (ho Minister of MinoH will visit Nnriiothong on Tuesday noxt to inspoct that portion of t)io Stato forest there which it is urgod should be thrown opon for selection. Strong opposition iins been raised by tiio Motro- politan Board of Works, on tho ground that it would pollute tho catchment area of tho Mol bourno water supply, which tho Stato has just spent many thousands of pounds in clearing of ' settlors. Tho land is good hut covered with dense timlior, nnd while thousands of aores iu tho vicinity of this roscrvo nro now locked up by holdors who moreiy fulfil their statu tory improvements and mnko no uso of tho land tlioro is a decided objection to oxtonding this stato of things. The Metropolitan Board has boon informed that tho inspcation is to bo made, nnd if it is going to watch tho interests of the Molbourno water supply it will tako caro to linvo a representative present. Tho Ministers will not ndopt any view till they havo soon tho placo for thcniselvos and considered all tlio hearings of tho question. On Wednesday Mr. Outtrim and Mr. Ifowitt, Secretary for Mines, will inspeot tho miil sites and timber blocks on which tho Yea River Company propose to oporato. On Thursday, accompanied by Mr. M'Lollan, M.L.A., tlicy will go to Ararat, nnd on Friday go on (o Groat Wostorn to look into an application that | somo land olassod ns nuriforous should bo made uvailablo for viticulture. Tho Viticulture Board i supports tho application, whilo tho Stilling Board strongly resists it, and tiio Sfinistcr will havo to decide. Sir. Outtrim will mako general inquiries into matters holongiog to hia depart, mcnt. Those trips for porsonal information will he mado weekly during tho recess. Tlio beauties of tho Viotorian railway system are so numerous that though students mid critios havo been at no small pains to givo thorn to tho world, tlioro aro still many that exist in modest retirement. Now nnd then, however, theso undiscovered gems obtrude, nnd bashfully claim attention. This was the caso on Wednes day on the occasion of tho Parliamentary visit to Port Albert, when tho Great Southern lino was formally opened. Tho train left Princes-biidgo station at about 8.15 n.m., taking sbino hundreds of passengers, including Minis ters of the Crown and mombors of Parliament. It had been ironically described ns a "special" by tho department on tho passes, but long beforo town was opproaohed on tho return journoy, Mr. Speight had boon exonerated from any suspicion of humor,, as it was realised that tlio word "special " was not intended to apply to any unusual rato of speed, but was moreiy a sober way of describing tlio eccentricity of this particular train. The distance froml'ort Albert to Melbournois about 140 milos, nnd tho first 20 miles of tho return journoy wero 1 negotiated nt a break-neck speed that must | liavo averaged quito 12 miles an hour. I About this timo tho engine developed ' a sudden genius for breaking down, and I to a certain extent this spoilt its previous I fino performance. Howovor, it was pntoked up again and went oil in a spasmodic manner for some miles, but afterwards its pas- sion for stopping appeared to grow oil it, and till another engine arrived from town it varied tho monotony of things by starting in an abstracted way when everyone had got out to stretch thoir legs, and stopping dead when cveryono had hastily scrambled to their seats. (Sometimes when nil the passengers had loft tlio train tho guard would call, "AU aboard;" hut this was moroly a premonitory symptom tliat tho engine liad broken down for half an hour. Tho rest of tho arrangements for tho trip were of an equally "spooial " character, and it was a little pathetic to seo Mr. Munro contending in tho fierce race for tea at tho waysido refresh ment room. The train eventually ronchod town after 3 o'clock a.m. on Thursday, At a rocont mooting of tho prospecting hoard at Bondigo a complaint was mado of tlio delay of the Mines department in not introducing a uniform oodo of signals for mines for the \tholo of tho colony, and comments were mado reflect ing on tho administration of tlio presont head. Tho Ministor and Socrctary point out that tlio department had taken up this matter of a uniform codo long ago, together with many other subjects of far more importance. Tlio Mines Act of 1890 dealt with the machinery used in mines, but tho rules under that act woro part of it, and could not be amended in tlio way of framing now regulations for a signal oodo except by another not of Parliament. H The Safety Cages Board recommended a uni. w form code, which the Minister approved, but B could not en forco without legal power. Ill tho B Amonding Bill just passod thero was a provision K legalising the code of signals rccommeudcd ns E the oodo to ho used throughout tho colony. This H hill was a comprehensive measure of 137 clauses, E dealing with coal mining, mining on private property and othor important quostions requir ing attantion, hut in the rush at tho end of the sossion tho Minister had to Bnorificc tho least essential points, and passed only 19 clauses of tho hill, the signal code boing among thoso which liad to ho abandoned. Tho department is fully alivo to tho desirability of adopting the Bamo practice in all mining districts, and it is intended that the codo shall bo legalised ns soon as possible. In view of tho return of influenza in Europe nnd America, tho Board of Health is asking the various shipping companies trading to this port to effect a thorough cleaning of all bedding, clothos and linou used on board their incoming ships by inlluenza patients brought by tho vessols to this country, and that this precaution ho carried out beforo tho vessel roaches its desti nation. On Wednesday nest a deputation from several industrial institutions will wait on the Premier, to urgo that the colony should be represented at the Chioago Exhibition. Tlio Minister of Agriculture lias decided to mako a scries of visits to fruit growing districts, to ascertain tlio progress of tho industry, nnd to-day ho will begiu an inspection of Beveral largo orchards and vineyards iu tho Shopparlan district. Ho intends to givo special attontioa to tho plans of tlio planters in the matter of fruit preserving and canning. A deputation from Bondigo is to wait on the Minister of Agriculture noxt weok to urga tho claims of that district to bo tho place where tlio National Show will he held this year. Geelong makes a similar claim. According to the order in which these shows liavo been held, Bondigo lias priority, tho dates being 1876 and 3882 for Bendigo, as compared with 1878 nnd 1883 for Geolong, nnd if this order is adhered to the show will tako placo at Bendigo In September or October, A number of the members of tho Chamber o( Manufactures met at Gunslcr's Restaurant yestarday to hid adiou to Mr. B. Snidcrs, president of the obamher, who leaves on Saturday noxt by the P. and 0. Company's It. M.S. Britannia on a visit to England. Mr. S. Floyd, vice-president of tho ciiambor, pre sided, and after payiug a high complimout to tho integrity and business capacity of Mr. Sniders, proposed liis health and wished him a pleasant voyago and a safe return lo Victoria. Mr. Snidcis, in returning thanks, advocated federation ami intercolonial frea-tradc, so that Victoria might liavo : an nmplo field fee her manufactures. IIo referred to the fact that tlio banks wero refusing deposits nt tlio present time, so that OApital would be forcod to find an outlet in tho manufacturing industries of the colony, which afforded a safo and profit able investment for an unlimited amount of Rranoy. Ho concluded by proposing tbo toast of flucccsa to tho Chamber of Manufactures, which was responded to by Messrs J. Blytb, E. Steinfeld and othors. On tho cvidonoo submitted at tbo polico court in tho prosceution against tho man Jensen, who was charged with smuggling 2500 cigars from the ship Atalantn, tho Commissioner of Customs is satisfied that tho captain of that vessel, Lud- wig Spocht, was an accossory to tho act, and has therefore determined to fine him £100 The fino will bo enforced by tho ostrcatmont of a oliequc for tbat amount handed to tho Customs authorities by Mossr. Kronheimcr and Co., agents for tho Atalanta. At Monday's mooting of tho City Council, tho publio works committee will submit for approval draft specifications upon which it is proposed to invito tondcrs for cleansing tho streets and lanes of tho city. Tho sarao com mittees will submit an offer from Messrs. Budgo 'and Lake to supply 20,000 9-inch redgum wood blocks at £8 lis, 3d. per 1000, nnd recommonif that tho oity surveyor bo authorised to purchase at that prico as many of tho blocks as ho may approve of. At tho samp meoting the financo committee will recommend that the annual increment or other incroaso in salary he granted to Mr. J, Knowles, bookkeeper, and Mr J. M'Kcnzic, clerk, in tho city treasurer's office, Mr. AV. A. Mend, rato collector for Lons dale ward, has tendered his resignation of that position, and tho financo committee will recom mend that tho vacancy bo filled by the appoint; meat of Mr. J. Knowles to tho position at the' muno remuneration as herototoro paid Ui per cent.), and that Mr. J. M'Kenzio be appointed to succeed Mr. Knowles as bookkeeper in the oity treasurer's office. A special meoting of the Victorian Cricketing Association was held at tho Union Club Hotel last night, for the purposo of receiving explana tions from Messrs. Barrett, A. Bowman and Trott of their refusals to play in tho recent intercolonial match between Viotoria nnd Now South Walos. A lottor was received from Br. Barrett, who was present at tho meeting, and in it ho stated ' that after ho had been selected to play lie went homo, was ken ill, and had to remain in bed till the Monday, or the second day of tho match. A long and 8omowhat heated disoussion took placo on the letter, and it was finally decided that Br. Barrott should be excluded from playing in all intercolonial matches for tho season 1891-92. The explanations of Messrs. Trott and Bowman wcro accepted. At the Australasian Science Congress in Bobart Mr. H. H. Hayter, O.M.G. (Govern ment statistician, Viotoria), dealt with the Disturbance of Population Estimates by Defec tive Records. Ho rofcrred (says tho Jlobart Mercury) to tho unreliability of tho statistics of migration as at presont collected by means of passenger lists supplied by captains of vessels arriving in and trading between tho different colonies. Tho defeats he had drawn attention to indicated tho desirability of a census being taken every fivo yoars instead of ovcry 10 years, as at present. Muoh to tho credit of Queensland and New Zealand a quinquennial census was uow taken regularly in both theso colonies. In ncithor of them, it might well bo assumed, was tho Treasurer anxious to spend the monoy unnecessarily, and it might be taken as a oertainty that if tho proceeding were not found to be advantageous it would be discon tinued. It v/a b much to ho desired that tho examplosotby those two colonies might nfterthis bo followed by every other oolony of tho group. Ho had no hesitation in saying that tho money would not bo wastod, but would bo found in tho end to oporate bencfioially in tho case of each ono of the communities concerned. A man named David Byrne, who was charged at tlio Oity Court yostorday with stealing Is., looked vory much aBtonishod when he heard tho sentence passed upon him, which was throo months' imprisonment, with hard labor. Thero were no aggravating ciroumstanoos, and it was n case of simple larceny. Tho man wont into a shop Belling onions, saw Is. on tho counter, and put it in his pocket. Ho stated that he did not know who owned the money and he liad no intention of stealing. Admittedly tho exeuso was a very lame one, but the punishment was surely out of all proportion to the offence, considering that a man may almost murder his wife, or oven half kill a policeman, at less than half tho price this un happy fellow has to pay for "lifting " a shilling. If somo of the dofaultors who have been cast up by the recont high tide of bankrupt financial institutions had their punishment ossosscd on the samo basis of thrco months for each shilling, It would be found that ono of them would have to endure imprisonment for somo 570,000 years, whilst tho hero of a South Molbourno caso would bo ontitlod to retire for 225,000ycavs. According to tho Auckland Star of 29th Docomber, "Mr. Robort Louis Stevenson, tho well known author, says ho will live nnd dip in his Snmonn paradise. It is a vcritablo dream land wlioro the novelist lives. His homo is two miles from Apia, on tho island of Upolu, and the site of the house was, when he bought it, a virgin forest, through which tho foot had never trod. Tho house faces on the son ; about it aro tho great loaves of tho cocoanut palm and bread fruit trees ; within it is all that civilisa tion can furnish to minister to creature comfort. One who had visited Stevenson there two months ago says :— 4 He is still very thin and fragilo ; his shouldors ate bent, and his cho.it scorns hollow. But his voice is strong and hearty, and his grasp firm. His complexion has lost its deathly whiteness, and is now a healthy bronze. Ho still wears his lmir long, and his delicate effeminato mouth is shaded by a droop ing moustaeho. . His eyes, too, seemod to btf half closed and dreamy, and he talks with a slow, languid drawl.' Hoboliovcs he haB found a safo haven from consumption at tho ifcland of Upolo, and hopes to livo to a ripe old age. He has no thought or care for affairs on tho other side of the globe. If thore should bo a massacre of Europeans at Samoa because of tho heavy taxes imposed on tho natives, he has no fear of per sonal injury, for ho believes that tho natives respect and trust him. Ho inay use his spare time iu writing another book. In foot, he has already & deal of manuscript ready for tho printer. But ho has no desire cvor to change his locus, and with his wife and mother ho will dream away existence amid ttib ghosts with which his fanoy has peopled his house and its surroundings." We havo received from Mr. II. Thomas, 455 Chan cery -lano, a copy of the Victoria Law Almanac for 1892. All classes in connection with tho Working Men's Institute, Prahran, will ro-opon on Monday evening next. A meeting of tho committee of the Austin Hos pital is convened for Monday next, at 3 p.m., to consulor tho charges made against tho matron. Wo havo received from Messrs. Melville. Mullon and Slade, booksellers, Collins-street, a new hook for children, called Scmta Clans and the Shadow. The book contains a collection of short tales, vory interesting to young pooplo, written by B. m. Huds peth, and published in Sydney. Tho position of senior classical master at tho Scotch College has been filled by the appointment ,r" lr- Ingram, B.A. Mr. Ingram, after graduating at Aberdeen, proceeded toOrlol College, Oxford, whero he had been elected to a scholarship. At Oxford ho obtained a first class both in classical moderations and in tbo final classical schools. J'ho monthly meeting of tho general committee of the Melbourne Atheuicum was herd at tho insti tution last night, tho chair being taken by tho vico- president, Mr. J. S. Ridley. Reports wwo rocoived from tho- various sub-committees. The draft of the report to ho presented at the annual. meeting of members wiw adopted. Tho treasurer's balance shoot was laid on the table, and was ordered to bo audited. The business operations of the year woro considered very satisfactory. During the post month 13 now members were added to tho roll, unci tho receipts amounted to £369. It was resolved that a letter of condolence bo sent to the widow of tlio late Mr. IL R. Fugo, who was for many years a luembor of the committee. 