OR, WHO WAS I? BY E. OURTIS. (.Published by Special e Arrangement with Messrs. TVard, Lock, Bowden, and Co.) CHAPTER XI. AT .OOLONEL WESTMIORELAND'S HOUSE, Miss, Westmoreland bowed coldly <to me. There was no smile of recog. nition upon her face now. Surely I must have been utterly mistaken in supposing it meant for me, I thought, and yet, perplexed beyond measure, I knew that I was not. I was certain that directly her eyes had rested upon my face she had instantly recognised me. Did she justly resent my unpar douable forgetfulness ? Could I ever hope to make her understand and commiserate my wretched condition ? Good heavens! was this meeting but the precursor of other and similar encounters with forgotten friends ? ' Tempest - Tempest,' repeated Colonel Westmoreland, as he shook hands with me, ' surely I ought to remember that name. I wonder now if you are .the son of poor Dick Tempest who was killed out in Zulu land I' I do not know what reply I should, if lef:to rayself, have made. Probably, in my' miserable perplexity, I should then and there have blurted out the truth, but the doctor,: with a self possession for which I inwardly blessed him, came to my rescue. S'I believe the Major Tempest; to whom you allude, left no sons,' he said, with one of his pleasant smiles. '9 A Ah, no5; of course not !' replied Colonel Westmoreland, still, however, attentively scrutinising me. ' I re member now he had several daughters, but no son. Your face, though,' he added, addressing himself to me, ' seems somewhat familiar. May I ask-? Heaven only knows what he was go ing to.nsk; but his daughter, by sud denly interrupting him, averted the threatened exposure. ' Papa,' she exclaimed, ' our carriage is waiting; we shall create a block outside if we linger here any longer.' We moved all together towards the portal, but as Colonel Westmoreland and his daughter passed out, the former said, with another hearty shake of the hand : 'I am very glad to make your acquaintance, Mr. Tempest, not only for your own sake, but because you are a friend of Dr. Malchi's-a gentle. man long known to me by repute. I shall be glad to see you at any time. I am a neighbour of Dr. Malehi's. Narcissa, will you not second my invitation ?' Miss Westmoreland gave me one swift, almost perplexed glance, and then, totally ignoring Regina, drew her slim figure to its fell -height in what looked to me like childish petu lance. ' I shall be pleased to see you,' she said, in a tone that belied her words. ' Then I will certainly call,'.I said, determined to accept the invitation, and, if an opportunity occurred; ex plain to Miss Westmoreland my terrible predicament. Regina was very silent during the drive home. She leaned back in her corner of the carriage and would not, either by the doctor or myself, be drawn into conversation. My half formed resolve *of acquainting her with the singular effect Miss West moreland had had upon me died suddenly' away. She would not understand it, and, therefore, she could not be expected to sympathise with it. I had better, for her sake, remain silent. I sighed impatiently, and wondered how much longer it would be ere I should feel content to remain a riddle to myself. As I assisted Regina out of the carriage, she let her hand linger a moment in my clasp, and, looking at me with her whole soul in her beauti ful sombre eyes, she said, very quietly, 'Cannot my love make you willing to forget all else ?' Before I could answer her, she had passed swiftly into the house. A few days afterwards, cards of invitation to a dinner party were sent by Colonel Westmoreland to Dr. M?alchi, Regina, and myself, Dr. MiTicehi chanced to be engaged on the eyosiing in question, and was conse quently obliged to send a refusal for himself and Regina. The latter made no comment upon the acceptance or non.acceptance of the invitation, but she smiled rather wistfully as I asked her to decide for me. ' Say yes or no, darling. I will do exactly as you wish,' I said, turning my own card over and over in my hand. ' If you do as I wish you will write no,' she said, unhesitatingly. 'Stay, you foolish boy '-as-I seized pen and paper ana prepared at once to write my rejection-' let me think it. over a-moment.' She knitted her brow in pretty per plexity, and I, for the thousandth time or so since our betrothal, surveyed her with enraptured admiration. ' .You had better, I think, accept it,' she at last slowly decided. 'You want to know more of these West morolands-nay, do not interrupt me, Olive; you are free, quite free, to choose your own acquaintances-but, Clive,' and Regina's voice faltered a hlttle, 'I warned you once that I was a jealous woman; will you bear with me while I tell you that I fear-I hate Naroissa Westmoreland ?' Again I was tempted to try and find words in which I might convey to Regina the remarkable feeling Ihad ·experienced in Mise Westmoreland's presence, but sentence after sentence I mentally rejected. How could 1 make clear to another what was enveloped in mystery to myself ? Regina mis understood my silence. 'You. are angry-and justly so with me for doubting your love,' she said, laying her hand almost timidly on mine; ' but, Clive, I could not live if you ceased to lore me.' ' And when w:ll that be, Regina ?' I asked, fondly carressing her hand. ,I thought the age of miracles was past.' You might cease to love me if you regained your lost memory,' she very sadly returned. ' If that were likely to be the case I would pray incessantly to be allowed to remain in my present condition,' I passionately declared. Old influences would once more sway you,' she continued, heedless of my interruption. '?Old friends would take the place of new, memories would prove stronger than realities, and we should be parted.' She passed her hand sharply across her eyes ; but I had already seen the tears which were gemming her long lashes. I drew her closely to me, and, mur muring protestations of my eternal, unswerving love, hissed her lips until they once more smiled. ' I am not myself this morning,' she presently said, gently extricating herself from my embrace, ' My petty household duties worry me sorely sometimes, I-- Whatdo you think of Leah, my guardian's invaluable servant ?' Her question took me by surprise. Leah at that moment was far from my thoughts. 'What do I think of her?' I repeated. '. Well,- I don't know ; I suppose she is a little superior to the ordinary ran of women servants, isn't she ?' Regina gave a faint-a very faint sigh. Ifancied that she was a little disappointed at my answer. ' I cannot make her out,' she said, almost if she were speaking to herself. '.She puzzles, and almost frightens me, 'sometimes. she creeps about the hoese just like a ghost, and she looks ab me out of her grave, wistful eyes as if--- Oh, I hate deaf and dumb people,' she petulantly broke off. I laughed. ' Poor Leah ! She is evidently devoted to her master. I daresay she resents--' Regina looked at me very strangely. ' That is one of the things that puzzle me,' she said. 'Leah serves her master well and faithfully, I admit; but she hates him- hates him,' she dreamily repeated, ' and yet fears him, too.' ' You: are fanciful, Regina,' Issaid, lightly. 'You forget that Leah's affliction makes her liable to be mis. understood. Would the doctor keep her in his service if he had the slightest reason to doubt her fidelity 7' 'I do not doubt her fidelity ?' began Regina, hesitatingly. ' She is a living riddle to me. I distrust her; and yet I am forced, almost against my will, to pity her. But do not let us talk of her any longer; write, instead, your acceptance of Colonel Westmoreland's invitation.' ' I do not care greatly about going,' I replied, playing absently with the pen; .' I would rather, infinitely rather, remain at home with you.' 'Flatterer I' laughed Regina. ' I am afraid Mrs. Grundy would be shocked at your declaration. No, accept the invitation ; I wish you to; I am jealous no longer of Miss Narcissa Westmoreland.' I wrote my acceptance accordingly, but afterwards contemplated the written words rather ruefully. ' My prophetic soul tells me that Colonel Westmoreland will get asking me more awkward questions, possibly during an awkward silence, at the dinner table,' I said, with a dismal attempt at a laugh. 'I can fancy I hear him saying, "And now, my dear Tempest, what particular branch of the Tempests do you set claim to," or, " I am, convinced, Tempest, that your features are familiar to me ; what was your mother's maiden name.?" What answer, in the name of heaven, shall I make to these and similar questions ? Had I not better at once say that, like Topsy, I growed, and never had an orthodox father and mother ?' Regina smiled very thoughtfully. 'If I were in your place I should say that I was a stranger in England,' she advised. ' You might call yourself an Australian or an American, although I am afraid you would hardly pass for a Yankee; and you must not, of course, have any friends or relatives in Eng land. Say that you are touring or studying the medical profession, or-' ' In love with an apt teacher of the art of deception,' I gaily concluded. ' Many thanks, Regina. I will devote so many hours a day to coach myself up in the interesting personal bio graphy I will found upon your hints.' When I, on the evening of the dinner party, entered Colonel West. moreland's drawing-room, I found it already half filled with a brilliant assemblage of guests. My host, and a middle-aged lady whom he introduced to me as his widowed sister, Mrs. Polyblank, shook hands with me cor dially, but Miss Narcissa Westmore land, who was standing beside her father, favoured me only with the iciest of bows. Assuredly, I thought, as I stepped aside to make room for fresh arrivals, the smile of recognition which I had once fancied she had bestowed upon me must have verily been an optical delusion. Despite her cold reception of me, I could notrefrain from.. regarding her with undisguised admiration. She wore a pale blue dress flecked here and there with clusters of white violets, and her sunny hair was crowned with the same flowers. In her fair loveliness she might, I ardently thought, have been mistaken for another Undine newly created from the azure summer seas. Just before dinner was announced, Mrs. Polyblank said something in a low tone to her niece, and the latter, in reply, slightly, but decisively, shook her head. I could not, of course, verify my suspicion, but I at once surmised that Miss Westmoreland had refused to let me have the honour bf taking her into dinner. A few minutes later, Mrs. Polyblank introduced me to my dinner companion-a piquant, dark-haired girl, Miss Pauline Leslie by name. 'Why, Mr. Tempest and I are old friends,' said Miss Leslie, with a smile which showed her white, even teeth; Swe do not need any introduction.' Escape was impossible. Mrs. Poly bank had already left us, and was busily engaged in pairing her other guests. I could only, with a feeling of despair,await the d6nouement, which must, I thought, now surely come. 'Let me see,' chattered my com panion, pressing the tip of her fan to her lips, ' this make the third time we have met, does it not ? Oh, yes, once at Lady Templeman's ball, and once at Mrs. Vereker Holme's dance.' 'And to.night is the third happy occasion of our !meeting,' I said, with a ghastly attempt to speak naturally. ' I really thought, though, that you had forgotten me for the moment,' re marked Miss Leslie, very confiden tially. 'I watched Mrs. Polybank bringing you to me, and I could not see the ieast look of recognition on your face.' ' I must plead guilty to the charge of temporary forgetfulness, Miss Les lie,' I said, wishing with all my heart that I had been told off to anyone else in the room; 'but at the moment to which you refer I was deeplyengrossed in thought-an unpardonable offence, I know, u?iTtr the circum.tances-and did not instantly recognise you.' ' Do you know that gentleman-the one with the pink orchid in his coat ?' she asked, passing to my intense relief from personal to general topics. ' He is an author-makes heaps of money by his books; but he is a gourmand, and consequently a horrid man. Why, once he took me down to dinner, and -only fancy-he addressed just ten words to me during that terribly tedious hour and a half.' 'May I ask what those ten words were?' I rejoined, able to breathe freely once more. ' Were they fraught with condensed eloquence, or did they reconcile you to hjs past and future silence ?' ' He said, "I should like to shake hands with our host's cook." He made no attempt to address me after wards, I~did not answer him, simply because I could not then think of a sufficiently sarcastic reply. When din ner was over, and it was too late, Ihad dozens, literally dozens, trembling on the tip of my tongue.' I laughed, and devoutly hoped that Miss Leslie, absorbed in her ownchat ter, might not observe anything extra ordinary in my manner during the dinner, to which I nevertheless looked forward with nervous trepidation. As we took our places at the dinner table I found that Miss Westmoreland directly faced me. A tall, blonde, somewhat effeminate-looking young man was seated by her side and paying her marked attentions, and her rather coquettish acceptance of them caused me to take a sudden and unreasonable dislike to her companion. (To be Contmsued.) 