TALES AND SKETCHES. NOW FIRST rOBLISlIED,] Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea! AN OCEAN MYSTERY; BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of "A Soi Queen," "Tho Golden Hope," " The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "Tile Death Ship," " My Danish Sweet- heart," tic, &c.; [ALL RIHHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER IX.-THE CRV OF A CHILD. It was cold, but the sweep of tue dry niirht wind was refreshing and inspiriting to me who had been confined to my cabin all day. A bull's eye lamp burnt under tho overhanging ledge of the poop deck. Beneath it was a clock, aud tue small hand was close upon one. Thc glenniB of thc lamp touched no living figure, and so lonely looked the vessel that I could have easily supposed myself the only human being on board of her. The great ship was leaning over under a vast cloud of canvas, anda sound of stealthy hissing such as the Btem of a vessel makes when thc fabric is swiftly rending a quiet surface of ocean rose into thc wind on either hand. There was a ladder close beside me conduct- ing on to the poop cr upper deck. I mounted it and stood at the head of the steps looking around me. I could see but two figures. One of them was on the other sido of the dock. He was motionless with his arm round a rope and his shape stood out against thc sparkling stars as sharply as though he were a statue in ebony. The other figure was at the aftermost end, at the wheel. There was a deep shadow of rigging and of sail where I had como to a pause. The dusky hue of the cloak I wore blended with the obscurity, and I was not observed by the figure opposite. I looked over the side and Baw the water sweeping past white ss milk, with a frequent {[litter of beautiful green lights in it. I ooked away into the far distance, where the confines of the black plain of the ocean were lost in the darkness of the night, and fixed my eyes upon the stars, which were shining sparely in those dim and distant reaches, and said to myself, " Where is my borne ? Which of all those couutless stars is shining down upon my home now 1 But have I a home? How can I tell, for I do not know who I am ?" Then I looked np at the swollen pallid breasts of sails climbing one on top of another into faint, almost visionary spaces, where the loftiest were ; and whilst I looked I heard two silver chimes ring out of the darkness forward. What can those bells mean? I wondered. How marvellous was the bush upon this great speeding shadow of ship, this dim bulk of symmetrical clouds waving ita star reaching heights in solemn measure as though to the accompaniment of some deep spiritual ocean music beard by it, but sound- less to my ears 1 Where was the multitude of people wno swarmed upon the deck when I had come on board in the morning ? I knew they were resting below, and the thought of that great crowd slumbering in the heart of the sweeping cloudlike shadow at which I gazed awed me; but the emotion changed Into one of fear and of lonlinesssuddenly, and to rally myself I turned and walked towards the after end of the vessel. There was a moon in the west, and the light in the sky that way was the silvery azure which I had witnessed through roy cabin porthole. I walked to the extreme end of the ship, where the helm was, and stood by tbe side of the wheel. When I was on board tbo French vessel I bad always found something fascinating in the machinery of the helm. I used to gaze with childish wonder at the com- pass card, steadily in its brass bowl point- ing ont tbe little vessel's course, and I would watch with surprise the instant response of the small fabric to the movement of the wheel. But now as I stood here beside lilts wheel I surveyed a stretch of deck that seemed measureless, as the white planks, glimmering like sand away from my feet, went stretching and fading into the obscurity far forward. Behind me, from under the high, dark stern of the ship, rushed the v ke, like a line of pale smoko blowing ove< ". i sea. The stars danced in the squares of the rigging; they tipped aa with diamond points the sides of tho sails, and they blazed at the summits of tbe three dim spires of the ship's masts : and the moon in the west poised in an atmosphere of delicate greenish silver, trembled a waving fan-shaped stream of light upon thc summer- like pouring of the ocean under her. All at once the helmsman on the right hand Bide of the wheel, of whose presence I had hardly been sensible, uttered a strange, low sort of bellowing cry, and fled along the deck to where the figure of the other man was. Involuntarily I put my hand upon the wheel, as though instinctively feeling that it must be held steady, and that it must be held in any case or the ship would be without control. The two men came slowly along. The motions of each were full of weariness, and suggestive in the highest degree of alarm and astonish- ment. " Dumtned if it ain't asteering the ship 1" said one of them in a hoarse voice. " Von scoundrel, it's a woman I" cried the other. "How dare you quit your post? You'll have the ship in the wind in a minute," and they both arrived together at the wheel, running, one being pushed by the other. The man who pushed the other was dressed in a monkey jacket with brass buttons and a naval cap. Ho was clearly one of the ship's officers, but it was not surprising that I should be meeting him now for the first time. He thrust his face into my hood, and then backed a step and exclaimed " Who are you ?" then immediately added, " Ob, of course. You're the person that was taken out of the French brig. Come away from the wheel, will you ma'am ? Here's an Irishman that believes you a ghost" The other muttered in his throat I walked some paces away and the officer accompanied me. " How is it that you're not in your bcd ?" said he. " I have been sleeping all day," I answered, " and have come ont to breathe the air." " We do not allow females to wander about the ship at night," said he. " However You cannot be supposed to know thc rules." I saw him by the moonlight eye me strenuously and earnestly.' "That's a big bandage you have on, nm am. I hope you are not much burt!" " I was found lying injured and unconscious in a boat by the Frenchmen." "And they tell me you have no memory." " I can remember nothing," I answered. " What is that," cried he, pointing. " It is the moon," said I. " What is that but memory ?" he exclaimed. "I remember nothing of my past," said I. " Down to the hour in which I uwoke to con- sciousness on board the French brig everything is black. But to whom am I speaking ?" " You are speaking to the chief-mate of the Deal Castle, und his name is Andrew Harris." " What is a chief-mate?" I asked. " He is the person that is next in command to tho captain." "Then you are of consequence?" said I. He smiled broadly. '; There are people who will run when I sing out" "Nobody appears to be awake on board this ship saving us who are here," said I. " Have you come on deck to find that out ?" he exclaimed ; then directing his face at thc forecastle ho uttered a cry, and out of tho shadow forward there instantly came a re- sponse. He criod again and a rumbling " Ay, ay, sir I" caine out of thc Bhadow. "So you soe," said he, " there are four not three of us awake ; and if I were to sing out again, in about fivo seconds thc deck would bc full of sailors running about. . . So you've lost your memory. . . D'ye know what part of England you bail from ? "I cannot even tell that I am English." "What do they want to make out? That : you're from Greenland ? I'm trying to catch your accent. I have an Al. ear for accents. I hoped et first yon might be Lanoashin where I hail from. Then I fancied I ooul hear Derbyshire in you. But I reckon it' end in Middlesex," he added thoughtfully "That's to say if London's in Middlesex which no man who goos to sea can be sure ol for every time he returns he wants a net chart, such is the growth of the little village Do'.'B my talk give you any ideas ?" I shsol my head. ''Doosiit the word London giv you au idea ?" I thought and thought, and said, " It is i familiar word, but it suggests nothing." "Curse the sea 1" he exclaimed with ai irritable twist of his hoad as ho looked rouni the horizon, "how ill it treats those whi thrust themselves to it ! It robs you o memory and it keeps me a poor man. Cura it, I say ! I should like to know the name o thc chap that was the first to go afloat. F< burn him in effigy. Bul it's some comfort ti guess where his soul is. It wasn't Noah Noah had to save his lifo, and I allow hi hated the sea as much as I do. All cuimali -pooh ! but I'd rather be shipmates witl beasts than emigrants. And so you've lo» your memory I And now what's to bring ii back to you, I wonder ?" He broke off t< exclaim sharply to the bolmsman ; then rc pea ted, " What's to bring it back to ye, 1 wonder ?" "He took a turn as though the remedj were in his mind and merely demanded i little thought. I watched him with deej anxiety. How could I tell but that even froii Aim, that even from this man whom I bat never before seen, with whom I was now dis coursing in the heart of the ocean night, amie the silence of a faintly moon-lit deck, wit! thc sound of frothing waters rising round about us, and the pale shadows of the leaning canvas soaring liig'i above us, how could I tel but that even from thin stranger might come the spark, the little leaping flame of suggestion to light up enough of mv past to enable mi presently to see all? Sol watched him witt deep anxiety, whilst he took two or three turiiB. Presently he halted, facing me. He was s short mau, scarcely as tall as I, square built, and very firmly set on bis legs. His hair ap neared to be the colour of ginger. His chu was shaved, and he wore a bush of beard or hie throat. As much of bis face ns the moon' light silvered disclosed a dry, arch, sailorly expression, ".It requires thinking over," said he. " My motto in physic is 'like cures like.' What sent your memory adrift ? You'll find it wat a shock. If the doctor would put you through a course of shocks you'd come out right. I ni a poor man, but I'd wager every farthing that I shall receive for the voyage that, if you were to fall overboard from toe height of the ship's side, when you were fished up you'd have yonr memory. Some sort of a shock did thc mischief, and any sort of a shock's going tc undo it. Thara my belief. When Mr. McEwan visits you again you tell him what I say. Why, now, listen to this. An uncle of mine was so crippled with rheumatism and goutthat he had to be carried like a dead drunk ?nan on a litter to the railway station. He was to consult some professional nob in London. With much backing and filling he was got into the railway carriage, and there he lay like a log, capable of moving nothing but his eyes. Half au hour after the train had started it ran into about forty waggons, full of cattle. Tho bust-up was as usual ; engine off the lines, driver in halves, tbe remaius of the fireman in a ditch, several car- riages match« ood, a dozen dead people under them, two and twenty persons wounded, and the country round about full of bleeding bulls. And who do you think was the first man to get ont and run? My uncle. The collision cured him. He was a well man from - the instant the locomotive bust into the waggons, and he has never known an ache since. It's a shock that's going to do your business, ma'am, take my word for it" I understood him perfectly. Many of hie allusions I did not in the least comprehend, yet I listened greedily, and for some moments after he hod ceased, I continued to harken, hoping for some word, some hint, some sug- gestion that would help me tu even the briefest inward glimpse. Three silver chimes floated out of the deep shadow of the ship forward. "What are those bells?" I asked. " Half-past one," he exclaimed, "and with all respect, about time I think for you to be abed. The captain may come on deck at any moment, and if he finds you here hell be vexed that I have not before requested you to go below." I bade him good-night, but ho accompanied me as far as the headof the steps which con- ducted to the quarter-deck. " A shock will do it," said he. " I'm the son of a doctor, and my advice is- shocks. The job is to administer a shock without doing tho patient more harm than good. I'll think it over. It'll be something to kill the time with. D'ye know the road to tho cabin? Well, good night, mam." I silently opened the door of the saloon, re- gained my berth, and after musing upon my conversation with the officer on deck, I closed my eyes and fell asleep. " Good morning, Miss C.," exclaimed Mrs. Richards, entering the cabin with a breakfast tray. " I am glad to find you up and dressed. It is a quarter to nine o'clock and a truly beautiful morning. There is a nice breeze on the quarter and the ship is going along as steadily os a carriage. Have you slept well ?" " I have slept a little." " Well, to-day you must appear on deck. You will really show yourself to-day. All the fiassengers are longing to see you, and do not orget that by mingling amongst them, and talking and hearing them talk, ideas may come and your memory with them. Hero have you been a prisoner now since yesterday morning." "No, I was on deck last night. "What, in the dark?" " At one o'clock this morning." " The captain would not like to hear that," said she, arching her eyebrows, "but you will not do it again dear. I mean you will not go alone on deck when everybody is asleep excopt the sailors on watch. What officer was on watch last night?" " The first officer, Mr. Harris," said L '. Did he talk with you ?" "Yes. He told me that a shock might give me back my memory." " What did the man mean ?" " He said he believed, if I wero to fall over- board from the height of the ship that when I was taken out of the water the shook would be found to have restored my memory." She burst into a loud laugh. "He is a truly comical gentleman," she exclaimed, though he never intends to be funny, for he is always in earnest It is said of him that ever since he was second officer, now getting on for five years, he hos offered marriage in every voyage ho made to one of the lady passengers. Our head Bteward has been shipmate with him three voyages, and on every occasion he has offered marriage. He is always t ejected. A shock indeed I she exclaimed, growing suddenly very grave, " what an idea to put into your head 1 You might go and throw yourself overboard in thc belief that the act would cure you of IOBS of memory. I will tell the doctor to give Mr. Harris a hint not to talk too much. Now make a good breakfast, dear, and by and bye I will call and take you to see Mrs. and Miss Lee." I sat ut my solitary repast, which was bountiful indeed, and reflected upon what Mrs. Richards had said. No I it would not help mo to confine myself to my cabin. By mingling, by conversing, by hearing other» discourse, by gazing at them, observing their dresB, their manners, their faces, some gleam might come to touch the dark foldB of memory. In the steerage they were break- fasting somewhat noisily. There was a great clutter of crockery, and a sound of the voices of men and women raised as though in good spirits, and thc tones of children eagerly asking to be helped. The light upon the sea was of a dazzling blue ; through the port- holes I coulti Bee thc small blue billows curling into froth as they ran with the ship, and tho ship herself was poing aloug as smoothly as u sleigh saving a scarcely perceptible long drawn rising and falling, regular as thc respiration of a ¿leepinr breast. I waa looking through the porthole when the door was thumped and opened, and the ship's doctor stepped in, " Well, said he in his strong North British accent, knitting his brow and staring into my face with h¡6 sharp eyes, " What aro ye able to recollect this morning f" " My memory is good for everything that haB happened since I first opened my eyes ou board the French vessel," I answered. " Humph 1" He felt my pulse, examined my brow, dressed thc injury afresli, and said that I should bc able to do without a bandage in a day or two. "Thc captain tells me," said ho, plunging his hands iu his trousers pockets and leaning against thc upper bedstead, " that he means to keep you on board, trusting that your memory will return meanwhile, when he'll be able to put you in thc way of reaching your friends. He cannot do better." " But my memory may continue dark even to thc end of the voyage, I exclaimed. "Truo; but you're netter here meanwhile. Vou might bc consigned to thc keeping of a captain who, on his arrival in England, would set you on shore without considering what is to become of you. How then. Miss C. T-for that is to be your name, I hear. But if Captain Ladmorc curries you round the world there'll be ten months of time before ye, and it will be strange if you aren't able to recollect in ten months. And now tell me-have ye never a sensation as of memory! What's thc feeling in you when you try to look back?' " As though it were a pitch dark night, and I was groping with my bands over a stone wall. " "Oood ! Try now to think if ye have any other sensations." " Yes, there is ono ; but how am I to express it !" "Try." "When," I exclaimed after a pause, "I endeavonr to pierce thc psst I seem to be sensible of thc presence of waves of darkness, thick foldB of inky gloom swaying and revolv- ing in black confusion and dripping wet." He kept his eyes fastened upon me, lost in reflection. My words seem to have struck him. Then telling me it was a fine morning and that I must come on deck and get all the air and sunshine possible, he went away. I took up a book, but I could not fix my attention. I was ablo to read-that is to say the printed characters were familiar to me and the words intelligible, but I could not keep my mind fastened to the page. Growing weary of aimlessly sitting or wandering about hi my berth I opened the door and peeped out. As I did so I heard the fat chuckling laugh of a baby tickled or amused. A young woman sat at the table that was nearest to my cabin and in iront of her on the table she held a baby who shook and crowed with laughter as she made faces at it. There was nobody else to he seen. At the forward end all about the steps was a haze of sunshine floating through the open batch there from the front window of the saloon, otherwise the atmosphere was somewhat gloomy. I stepped out of my berth and approached the young woman in order to look at the child. She turned h<sr head and seeing me grew grave, and stared whilst the baby instantly ceased to laugh and rounded its mouth and eyes at me. "This is a dear little child," said L " What a sweet rippling laugh it hos ! Is it a boy or girl ?" "A girl," answered the youngwoman, with a little suggistlon of recoil in her posture, as though I wes an object she could not at once make sure of. "May I kiss bert" She held the baby up and I kissed its cheek. She waB a golden-haired child of seven or eight months with large dark eyes. She did not cry when I kissed ncr. "She is a fine child-a beautiful child," said L " Are you the mother ?" "No, I am the sister of the mother," answered the young woman, beginning to speak as though her doubts of me were leaving her ' ' Aren't you the lady the Bailors rescued yesterday?" " Yes," I said. " How glad I am you were saved." She had a bonnie face, and I looked at her and smiled, and said, " May I nurse baby for a minute ?" She put the child into my anns. I kissed it again, and the little creature stared at me, but did not cry. " Yon nurse her nicely," said the young woman. "How quickly a baby seems to know an experienced hand ! I cannot get the knack of holding her comfortably." At these words, or at that moment, I was seized with a indescribable feeling-a sightless {'earning, a blind craving, a sense of hopeless oneliness, that, OB though it had been Borne exquisite pang of the heart, caught my breath ana clouded my vision, and thc Mood left my face, and every limb thrilled as though an electric current were pouring through me. The baby set up a cry, and the woman, with fear in her countenance, snatched it out of my arms. "Oh, God ! What is this?" I exclaimed, bringing my hands to my breast. "Oh God ! What is this? I have lost-I have lost Oh 1 what was it that came and went?" "What is the matter?" exclaimed Mrs. Richards, coming out of her berth, that was immediately beside where I stood. "Is it you, Miss C. ? I did not know your voice. Are yon poorly?" "Ño," I answered, "a sudden fancy-but I cannot give it a name ; I cannot recall it ; I don't know the meaning of it. Ob, my head, my head 1" And I sat down at the table and leaned my brow upon my hands. "A little passing feeling of weakness," said Mrs. Richards. " Only think what this poor lady hus suffered," she added, addressing the young woman who bad risen and gono a few paces away, and was now standing and holding the baby, and staring. " How could anyone hope to he speedily well after such sufferings as this lady has passed through ? Hut I know what will do you good, dear, and she slipped into her berth and returned with a glass of her cheery brandy which she obliged me to drink. "And now, said she, "come to your cabin and compose yourself, and then you shall pay Mrs, Leo a visit." " I do not feel ill," said I, as I seated my- self in my cabin, "it was a sensation-Si cannot describe it. I was holding the baby, and as I looked at it I-I-" "It might have been a little struggle of memory," said thc stewardess. " But-itgavc mc nothing-it showed me no thing-it told me nothing. ' "Never mind,"said the stewardess ; "how do you know but it may mean that it is your memory waking up ? I have read that pcoplo who have been restored to life after having been nearly hanged or nearly drowned suffered tortures, much worse tortures than when in their death strugglos. Might it not be thc same with tho memory ? It is not dead in you, but it is lying Btunned by something dreadful that happened to you. JVbro it maybe waking up, ana its first return to life is a torincut. Let us hope it dear. And how do you feel now ?" " I should feel happy if I could believe that what you say is true. " " Well, you must have patience and keep your heart cheered up." She then looked at my bair and saying aloud but to herself " Yes, I believe it will bethe very thing," shu left me. When she returned she bore in her hand a little mob cap of velvet and lace. " Put this on," said BIIC. " It is one of four that were given to me last voyage by a lady passenger. I intended them for a friend in Sydney but you arc welcome to thom. Wear it my dear." I put the rap on and ccrtoinly it did improve my looks. "I will not thank you for you kindness with my lips," Raid I; "if I began to speak my thanks I should lire you out lonç before I could end them." She interrupted me: "Do not talk of thanking me. I declare, Miss C., I am never so happy as wheu I sm being helpful and useful to others, and there arc many like me. Oh, yes, most of us havo larger and kinder hearle than wc sive one another credit for. Do you feel equal now to paying a visit to thc saloon." I answered yes, and she led the way through the steerage and up the small flight of steps which conducted to the after part of the saloon. The sunshine lay in a blase upon the skylights and the interior was splendid with light and with prismatio reflections of light. There was a sound¡overhead as of many people walking to and fro. The saloon was empty ; everybody would choose to be on deck on so fine a morning. Mrs, Richards walked to the door of one of tho centre berths and knocked. A soft voioe full of music bade her enter. She turned the handle and held it whilst she addressed the inmate of the berth. " I have brought Miss C.," she exclaimed. " Tho lady is here, Miss Lee. May she step in ?" " Oh, yes, pray, said the musical voice. Mrs. Richards mado room for me to pass, and pronouncing Miss Lee's name by way of introducing us she added that she had a great many duties to attend to and quitted the berth. (To be continued.) 