GLEANINGS OF HUMOR. No matter how cleanly the seafaring man may be while on the ocean, he has a strong antipathy to being washed ashore. Of what feminine creature are you reminded on the completion of a building? A house maid. There is a world of strange contradictions; one woman is unhappy because she isn't mar- ried, another because she is. Sunday-School Teacher.—"Who loves every- body, Johnnie?" Johnnie—"My pa does, cos he is trying to get into the town council." Teacher—"Can you explain what is meant by vicarious punishment?" Johnny—"Yes, sir. When mother gets angry at father she whips me." "How are you coming on with your tragedy?" Better than I expected. I've killed off all the principal characters except two, and they are not on speaking terms." Teacher—"Do you know the difference be- tween right and wrong?" Boy—"No." "If you were to take your little brother's cake from him what would you do." "Eat it up." Tailor—"How wide a collar shall I put on your overcoat, sir?" Customer—"Make it so wide that when I pass you in the street I can turn it up so you won't recognise me." Winterbloom—"I want you to see my babies." Featherstone—"All right I should like to very much. When shall I come?" Winterbloom—"Come round about one o'clock in the morning. They are liveliest then." First Gentleman—"Hello, Smith! You are got up regardless of expense. Going to a wedding?" Second Gentleman—"No; I'm going to town to try to engage a cook, and I wish to create a good impression." Young Wife—"Don't you consider marriage a means of grace, George?" Young Husband (who has already been forced to play second fiddle in the household)—"Yes; anything is a means of grace that leads to repentance." First Tramp—"There ain't agoin' to be good livin' for our perfession in the future, I'm afear." Second Tramp—"Blow me; 'ow's that?" First Tramp—"It's this 'ere civilisa- tion. These cookin' schools is teachin' gals 'ow to use up the cold wittles." Playwright—"Is her acting natural?" Manager (enthusiastically)—"Natural? Why when she appeared as the dying mother last night a life insurance agent who has her in- sured for £5,000, and who was in the audience, actually fainted." Examiner—"I am surprised that you all have made mistakes in answering the question, Where was Magna Charta signed? Think it over. Can no one tell me?" Little boy (at bottom of class)—"I can, sir." Examiner— "Well?" Little boy—"At the bottom of the page." Bullfinch—"I understand, Dramaticus, that you are writing a play." Dramaticus—"Yes, I have that honor." "Got it nearly done?" "Well, yes; the most important part of it. I haven't started on the play itself yet, but I have nearly finished my speech of surprise when I am called out between the acts." He—"There is a certain young lady deeply interested in me, and, while I like her, you know, still I never could love her. I want to put an end to it without breaking the poor girls heart. Can you suggest any plan?" She—"Do you call there often?" He—"No, indeed. Not any oftener than I can possibly help." She—"Call oftener." At a Glasgow theatre, after the impressive performance of Irving's "Hamlet," attention was drawn to the effusive delight of a young lady, who was thus trying apparently to show her gratitude to the gentleman upon whose arm she was resting. "I've had a real good time, George," said she, "and it is a real lovely play; it's so full of quotations." In Ireland recently a quarrel had taken place at a fair, and a culprit was being sentenced for manslaughter. The doctor, however, had given evidence to show that the victim's skull was abnormally thin. The prisoner, on being asked if he had anything to say for himself, replied—"No, yer honor; but I would ask, was that a skull for a man to go to a fair wid?" An anecdote is related of a certain Metho- dist parson who was loudly inveighing before a ministerial assembly against schools of theology, and finished by thanking God that he had never "rubbed his back up against one." "Do I understand the brother to say that he thanks God for his ignorance?" asked the bishop. "Well, yes, if you want to put it that way," he replied. "Then all I have to add," said the bishop, "is that the brother has a great deal to be thankful for." An amateur dramatic company gave a per- formance a few nights ago. The piece was Hamlet, and Gus Snobberly played the Ghost. Gus expressed his lack of confidence in himself, but the manager reassured him by saying—"Now, Guss, all in the world you have to do is to come in and say, 'I am thy father's ghost,' and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice." Gus said he would try and do his level best. When the ghost's turn came, he spoiled the tragic effect of the whole per- formance by saying, "I am thy father's ghost, and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice." "I want some more chicken," said tour year-old Frances at the dinner table. "I think you have had as much as is good for you, dear," said Frances' mamma. "I want more." And Frances pouted. "You can't have more now; but here is the wish-bone that you and mamma can pull. That will be fun. You pull one side and I'll pull the other and whoever gets the longer one can have her wish come true. Why, baby, you've got it. What was your wish, Frances?" "I wished for some more chicken," said Frances promptly. She got it this time. An Irish peasant brought a litter of kittens to a Protestant vicar in a certain town in County Wicklow, requesting him to purchase them. The vicar declined. " Your riverence, they are good Protestant kittens," urged Paddy, but his reverence remained obdurate. A few days after, the Roman Catholic priest (who had meanwhile been informed of the offer to his brother clergyman) was approached and on his refusing to make a purchase the would-be seller urged a sale. "Sure, father dear, they are good Catholic kittens." " Bub how is this, my man ?" replied the prie3t; you said a day or two ago they were good Protestant kittens." "And so they were," said the peasant, "but their eves weren't opened. A story is told of H. J. Byron's wretched- ness when his play "Dearer than Life" was produced. At the end of the second act there was a long delay, and the audience grew very impatient. "What in the name of goodness are they doing?" asked a critic of the author. "I don't know," moaned Byron. At this moment the sound of a saw at work behind the curtain could be distinctly heard. "What are they doing now, my dear Byron?" said the critic. Here the author's keen sense of humor came to the rescue. "I think," he said, "they must be cutting out the last act." 