PEEPS INTO PAPERS AND BOOKS. TiE HARTEST OF A READER'S -GLEANINGS. - Tnii kind of appointment which nobody likes to haver-a disappointment. SB taking revenge, a man is but even with his enemy; but in passing it over, he is superior. Wa see thousands that are covetous where we find one that is econoumical. SArTIm is an ugly weapon in the work of reform. It tears asundei' it cauterises, it blisters. No one is really made better by it. The one assailed, though he may fear the sting, will neverbe better through its, appli ration, though he may seem so. A satiristlives all the time in boiling water. A GE1taiX " VOLUSTEER.'--ThCer is no classof "military service in Germany which at all corre-i sponds with volunteering in England, but the writer of an article, " Eight Weeks' Service in the irman Arnny," in Temple Bar, adopts the term to designate theo slightly privileged "cne year service men. .Jti was recently summoned from his work in SEngaiid for his turn in the ranks, and a very rough lifimhe seems to have had. His expcriences, how ever; were not all gloomy, and the follo:ring may -serve-as an illustration of tholighter p.uts of hisread able paper: "At ten evernbody mu,:t be in their quarters, and go to bed or such sleel,i.g accommoda tion as they have got. In one case 1 l:al nothing but a sack of straw to sleep up m,; with uo pillow, rug=, or an3tbing else to hlssen the inconveniecee. Ihe worst of it was that the rack wa; far too cho:t for mue, and what wih the discomfort of my couch and the closeness of th6d a-ret-it was over a stable, and con tained five other men betides myself-I could get no sleep at all, in spite of my fatigue. On the third day, the sergeant, who was a very good friend of mine, had leave of absence, and I, cominng in after all the other people were in bed, and seeing his bed empty, slipped into it and slept soundly for'cnce in a way. I was awakened by the old woman to whom the house beo!nged. Olse eas, in, saw me, and went out at once, meaning mischief I could see. A comumoi soldier sleeping in her best bed! The sergeant sh.l.ld hear of it. It seems absurd, but, as a rmatter of fact, there was every, reason to suppose that I might get iato serious trouble if the matter was reported. Fore. nately, I knew the train by which the sergeant was to arrive, and went down to the station to meet him. With the aid of copious libations of beer, I softened to him the liberty 1 had taken, and to the great dis appointment of our landlady, he took no notice of her report. 'The Government had hired her room,' be said, ' why should he not let any of his friends Bleep in it who liked?' Just conceive the position; Imagine yourself, my respectable English friend, down on your knees to a common sergeant, to escape the penalty for having dared to avail yourself of the ordinary means of sleeping provided for him. The discipline of the German army pushes the severity of punishment into the most trivial details of military life. No one dare even lie awake anywhere else than in the particular place to which he is appointed." SPANIELs.-Under the modern conditions of both partridge' and pheasant shooting, where dogs are not wanted to hunt but only to retrieve, spaniels have been gradually going out of fashion for field purposes. When ground game was killed in large quantities they were found to be hardly big enough or strong enough for a day's cover-shooting, where they would con stantly be called upon to carry hares for long distances through brambles and. underwood. Hence the introduction of the large black retrievers now in vogue, and for cover-shooting as now pursued they are doubtless indispeusable. But many people are -till of opinion that for partridge-shooting spaniels are preferable to retrievers. They are quicker, and, being smaller, and lighter, make less noise in the turnips, while if a wounded bird runs into a hedge row, a spaniel which can thread the ditch bottom and twist in and out of the hedge almost as fast as the bird itself, is for more useful then the larger animal, which constantly loses birds in such places from not being able to get along fast enough. A spaniel may easily be trained to hunt just in front of the partridge shooter and stop for a moment when he is close on birds, which is all the not'co that is necessary; and even in the old days of reaped stubbles, when pointers still reigned supreme, many eminent sports men preferred shooting partridges over a brace or two of steady spaniels. To see the spaniel in perfec tion, however, we must employ him in a kind of shooting which is now only occasionally to be met with. Where the country abounds in small copses and shaws, as they are called in many parts of England, in double hedges, in osier beds, disused "stone or gravel pits overgrown with hazel, .bolly and oaks (in Hampshire called dolls), and other bickets.p of the same kind, which are sure to harbour t.me, and are shia!l enotglt-Wor re e gamm-r tn o hfr- - always wvi'hin shot of his dog-these are the places in which to see a spaniel work. There is nothing , prettier in the shootingw fay than to ee him featter ing about just as hd gets on the scent of a pheasant,. fullof the Ikecnet excit enment, yet working methodi cally at the same lime, liIl at last he makes a little pauseo at a tuft of brambles, pricks up his ears for a s:cond, and then pur.ces; rwhen up blu-ters a fine old cock-bird, which he follows with his eve as it rises into mid-air, suddenly topples over, and come down tail upwards to the ground with a thud which man and dog know well. The unmistakabole delight of a spaniel when thus engaged is one of the features in his character which make him so much pleasanter acom pauion than any other hind of dog. In a good thiek rambling hedgerow, where rabbits live as well as iaheasants, he is equally happy and equally adroit, But unfortunately we may wander over a great part of England now without finding our copses or double hedges; and even where we do, the latter are so dis turbed by the farmers that little game is to be found in theni. Spaniels may be used, of course, in big woods i:?henev~er ai.o'uple of guns go out for a little - quiet shooting, without a whole army of beaters, and take only the low woods. They will hunt round you then pretty closely if properly trained, and nice sport *may be had with them. There are a great many breeds of spaniels, but we only know of three now which still survive in their purity, at least in any number the Clumber, the Sussex, and the Norfolk spaniels.' One great merit in spaniels is that they are dogs whom one can have in the house without any in convenience, and who are a great ornament to the drawing-room rug, where they should be admitted to bask after a long day in the woods or on the marshes, \--St. Jeames's Gazette. DrcK?s AS as EDrroa.--Everybody knows tha~ t charming "Roundabout Paper" of Thackeray's, which bears the title "Thorns in the Cushion." It sets forth the sorrowful tale of a soft-hearted and unpractical literary man placed in editorial charge of an imiportant montlily magazine. "Ah me!" exclaimed the autlior of" Vanity Fair," after quoting examples, "we wound where we never intended to strike, we create anger where we never meant harm; and these thoughtsaretbethornsinourcushion." Thackeraywas too seismitiv'e to make a good editor; and it was well, both for him and for the Cornhill Maga-:ine, that he resinied his post to his friend and son-in-law, Mr. Leslie Stephen. It was far otherwiseo with Thackeray's great contemporary, Charles Dickens. Dickens, while quick to detect genius, had no hesitation in crushing incompetence and medioocity. Among some autograph letters sold last vweek in London by auction was the following, addressed to Mrs. Gaskell. It is dated February 21, 1853:--" I take the earliest opportunity of answerin~g your letter. I have been so closely occupied since its receipt that this is the first dis engaged morning on which I have found time to read the enclosed papers. I am sorry to say tha!t I cannot have the pleasure of accepting them. They possess no kind of chnracteristic to render them available. Between ourselves-and not for the information of their authoress--they are of that intensely drearyand commonplace description to which not even the experience of this place reconciles my wondering mind. Everybody could write such'things,Iimagine, but how' anybody can contentedly sit down to do it is inscrutable. Don't you feel the same astonishment? .People don't plunge into churches and play the organ withorit knowing the notes or having the ghost of an ear.- Yet fifty people a day rulsh into manuscript who have no earthly qualification but the actual physical art of writing." Why Mrs. Gasklell-a literary womann-Thonrild hare bothered D:ckens with these "dfeary anddcomiionplac&" manuscripts, is a some what difficult: question to answer. Charles Dickens was very careful always to resgect the proprieties in the publications that he controlled. In a recently published criticism of-" Griflith Gaunt" he confesses of Household Words, he would?'ot be'able to pass. But apparently 'be did not go :o fier is the late Mr. Bentley, the publisher. The following letter is addressed' by Dickenis to a coitibibtor to Bentley's Miscellany (now Templc' Bar)'i-" Thh cause of the delay of your paper' is simply this. Mr. Bentley cpnsiders it too broad, although it does not strike me as beiig so broad as to render its in.ertion dangerous. The iliestin' is whether yoif can so alter it as to make thb'doubtful lady a mantoamaker, and-give the inter view more of da' courting character.'" Tusi 'SPECIE 'Roo.' o SNIPBOARD.-In these days of heavy gold shipments the specie room on the lteamship is a very important institution. It is located in an out-of-the-way place amidships, under the saloon. Few of the passengers know of its existence, or of the valuable treasure that is carried a'cross the ocean with them. The room varies slightly on different ships, but is usually about 16ft. long by 10ft. wide, and 8ft. high. It is constructed of steel ,latos one-quarter of an inch thick and strongly .i.rlreted together. The floor, the ceiling, and the walls 'are all of steel plates.' There is a heavy door also? made of steel. It is provided with two English patent loktr, a variety of combination lock that i4 aid tdb,,burglar proof. The gold and silver is??v uaUifI barbut occasinally quant ity-of 0oa i' I *.J 1! " -' 