CHATTER XVII. tnisLOPorjAAS JIKCOMKS CUIKF OF THE raor-LK OV THE AXE. Now, whon Umslopogaas and Jikiza the Unconquered had come to tho cattle kraal, they were set in its centre and there were ten paces between them. UmslopogaaB was armed with tho great shield and light moon-shaped axe, Jikiza carried the Groan Maker and a small dancing shield, and, looking at tho weapons ot' the two, people thought that this stranger would furnish no sport to the holder of the axe. ' Ho is ill armed,' said an old man, ' it should bo otherwise-large axe, small shield. Jikiza is unconquerable, and the big shield will not help this long- legged stranger when Groan-Maker rattles on the buffalo hide.' The old man spoke thus in the hearing of Galazi the wolf, and Galazi thought that he Bpoke wisely, and sorrowed for the fate of his brother. Now tho word was given, and Jikiza ruBhed on Umslopogaas, roaring, for bis rage WUB great. 13ut Umslopogaas did not stir till his foe was about to strike, then suddenly he leaped aside, and as Jikiza passed he smote him hard upon the back with the flat of his axe, making a great sound, for it was not his plan to kill Jikiza with this axe. Now, a great shout of laughter went up from the hundreds of the people, and the heart of Jikiza nearly burst with rage, because of the shame of that blow. Hound he came like a bull that is mad, and once moro rushed at Umslopogaas, who lifted his shield to meet him. Then of a sudden, just when the great axe leapt on high, Umslopogaas uttered a cry as of fear, and turning, fled before the face of Jikiza. Now once more the shout of laughter went up, while Umslopogaas fled swiftly, and after him rushed Jikiza, blind with fury. Hound and about the kraal sped TJmsloDogaas, scarcely a spear's length ahead of ? Jikiza, and he ran keeping his back to the sun.as much as might be, that he might watch the shadow of Jikiza. A second time he sped round, while the people cheered tho chase as huntors cheer a dog, which pursues a buck. So cunningly did Um- slopogaas run, that, though he seemed to reel with weakness in such fashion that men thought his strength was gone, yet he went ever faster and faster, drawing Jikiza after him. Now, when Umslopogaas knew by the breathing of his foo and by the staggering of his shadow that his strength was spent, sud- denly he mado as though ho were about to fall himself, and' stumbled'out of the path far to the right, and as he stumbled he lot drop his great shield full in tho way of Jikiza's feet. Then it carno about that Jikiza, rushing blindly on, caught his feet in tho shield and fell headlong to the earth. Umslopogaas saw, and swooped on him like an eagle on a dove, Before men could so much as think, he had seized the axe Groan Maker, and with a blow of the steel he held, had severed the thong of leather which bound it to the wrist of Jikiza, and had sprung back, holding the great axe aloft, and casting down his own weapon upon - the ground. Now, the watchers saw all the cun- ning of his fight, and those of them who hated Jikiza shouted aloud. But others were silent. Slowly Jikiza gathered himself from the ground, wondering if he were still alive, and as he rose he grasped the little axe of Umslopogaas, and, looking at it, he wept. But Umslopogaas held up the great Groan Maker, the iron Chieftainess, and examined its curved points of blue steel, the, gouge that stands behind it, and the beauty of its haft, bound about with wire of ? brass, and ending in a knob like the knob bf a stick, as a lover looks upon the beauty of bis bride. Then before all men he kissed the broad blade and cried aloud ' Greeting to thee, my Chieftainess, greet- ing to thee, wife of my youth, whom 1 have won in war. Never shall wo part, thou and I, and together will we die, thou and I, for I am not minded that others should haudle thee when I am gone.' Thus he cried in tho Loaring of men, then turned to Jikiza, who stood weeping, because he bad lost all. ' "Where now is your pride, O Uncon- quered ?' laughed Umslopogaas. " Fight on, You are as well armed as I was a while ago, when I did not fear to stand before you.' Jikiza looked at him for a moment,'then with a curse he hurled the little axe at him, and, turning, fled swiftly towards the gates of the cattle kraal. ' '. ? Umslopogaas stooped, and the little axe sped over him. Then he stood for a while watching, and the people' thought that he meant to let Jikiza go. ' But that was not his desire; he,waited,' indeed, till Jikiià had covered nearly half the space between him and the gate, then with a roar ho leaped for- ward, as light leaps from a cloud, and so fast did his feet fly that the watchers scarcely could see them move. Jikiza fled fast also, yet be Beomed hut as . one who stands still. Now he reached the' gate of the kraal, now there was a rush, a light of downward fall- ing steel, and something swept past him. Then, behold I Jikiza fell in the gateway of tho cattle kraal, and all saw that he was dead, smitten to death by that mighty axe Groan-Maker, which ho and his fathers had held for many years. A great shout went up from the crowd of wotebers when they knew that Jikiza the Unconquered was killed at last, and there were many who hailed Umslopogans, naming him Chief and Lord ? of the Peoplo of the Axe. But the sons of Jikiza, to the numbor of ten, great men and brave, rushed on Um- slopogaas to kill him. Umslopogaas ran I backwards, lifting up the Groan- Maker, when certain counsellors of-tho people flung themselves in between them, crying, ' Hold 1' ; . " " -' 'Ia not this your law, ye.;.counsellors,' 'said Umslopogaas, ' that,' having conquered, the chief of the People of the Axe, I myself am chief ?' r , . , , . ' . ? . . >* < ,. ''', i, j,»That't is i our. law indeed, Stranger,'; answered an aged counsellor) ' but this alad is our law: that now you must do battle, ona by'ono, with all wno come against you. So it was in my father's time, when ibo grandfather of him who now lies dead won the axe, and so it must be again to-day.' 'I bare nothing to say against tho rule,' i said TJmelopogaas. ' Now, who is there who will come up against me to do battle for the I axo Groan-Maker and the chieftainship of the People of the Axe ?' Then all the ten sons of Jikiza stepped forward as one man, for their hearts were mad with wrath because of the death of their father and because the chieftainship had gone from their race, BO that in truth they cared little if they lived or died. But there were none besides these for all men feared to stand before TJmslopogaas and the Groan Maker. TJmslopogaas counted them. " There are ten, by the head of Chaka 1' he cried. ' Now, if I must fight all these one by one, no time will be left to me this day to talk of the matter of Mnsilo and of the maid Zinita. Hearken ! "What say you, sons of Jikiza the Conquered ? If I find one other to Btand beside me in the fray, and all of you come on at once against us twain, ten against two, to slay us or be slain, will that bo to your minds ?' The brethren consulted together, and held thnt so they should bo in better cnso than if they went up one by one. 'So bo it,' they said, and the counsellors assented. Now, as ho fled round and round, TJmslopo- gaas had seen the face of Galazi, his brother, in the throng, and knew that he hungered to share the fight. So he called aloud that he whom he should choose,.and would stand back to back with him in the fray, if victory were theirs, should bo the first after him among'the People of the Axe. Andas ho called, be walked slowly down the line scan- ning the faces of all, till bo carno to where Galazi stood leaning on the "Watcher. ' Here is a great fellow who bears a great club,' said TJmslopogaas. 'How are you named, fellow?' ? ' I am named "Wolf,' said Galazi. ' Say, now, "Wolf, are you willing to stand back to back with me in this fray of two against ten ? If victory is ours, you shall be next to mo among this people.' 'Better I love the wild woods and the mountain's breast than the kraals of men and tho kisB of wives, Axebearer,' answered Galazi. 'Yet, because you have shown yourself a warrior of might,-and to taste again of tho joy of battle, I will stand back to back with you, Axebearer, and see this matter ended.' ? ? ; ? ' A bargain, "Wolf 1' cried ? TJmslopogaas, and. they .walked side by side-a mighty pair !-till they came to- the centre of the cattle kraal. All there looked on them wondering, and it carno info tho thoughts of some that these were none other than the "Wolf-Brethren who dwelt upon the Ghost Mountain. : * Now axe Groan-Maker and club Watcher are come together, Galazi,' Baid TJmslopogaas as they walked, ' and I think that few can stand bofore them.' ' Some shall find it so,' answered Galazi. ' At' the least,;the fray will be merry, and what matter how frays end ?' '.Ay,' said TJmslopogaas, ' victory is good, but death ends all and is best of all.' 7 Thien they spoke of the fashion in which they should fight, and ' TJmslopogaas looked curiously at the axe ho carried, and at the point on its hammer, balancing it in his hand. When he had looked long the pair took their Btand back to back in tho centre of the kraal, and people saw that TJmslopo- gaas held the axe in a new fashion, its curved blade being inwards towards * his breast, and the hollow point turned to- wards the foe.' The ten brethren gathered themselves together, shaking their assegais ; five of them ? stood ' before TJmslopogaas, and five before Galazi the Wolf. They wore all great men, made fierce with rage and shame. ; ' Now, nothing except witchcraft can save theBe two,' said a counsellor to one who stood, by bim. 'lYet there is virtue in the axe,' answered thejotbor, ' and for the club, it seems that I know it ;. I,.think it : is hamed Watcher of the; Pords, arid woe to thoso ^who stand be- fore the Watcher. , I mysolf have seen him aloft "when I was young; moreover, these are! no cravens who, hold tho axe and club. They are but lads, indeed, yet they haro drunk wolf's milk. ' (To bit continued in Saturday'* issue.) 