.News of the Churches. Cardinal Moran has received an invitation to attend the golden jubilee of his Holiness the Pope at Rome on February 23 next. The foundation-stone of a new chapel at the Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne, was laid on Wednesday by the Countess of Hope toun. The Venerable Archdeacon Langley recently conducted service in the Presbyterian Church, Upper Maffra, Victoria, when there was a crowded congregation. The Kev. G. B. M'Crae, a young Presbyterian minister is ill with smallpox in the Melbourne Sanatorium. Rev. S. Kelso, formerly of Stawell, has also been placed in quarantine. They were passengers, says our Presbyterian contemporary, on the Oroya. A great teligious awakening has been experi enced in Ashfield, Summer Hill, and Lewisham, and about 300 persons have been brought under its influence- young and old, and various classes sharing in the convincing, enlightening, and joy ous experiences which have been realised. The Rev. Dr. Sellars, the secretary of the Wes leyan Sustentation and Home Missionary Society, left Sydney on Friday last to visit the churches in the Bourke, Cobar, and Nymagee circuits, and he hoped alBO to reach Warren before returning, and if possible contemplates holding a meeting at Nyngan. The Rev. Dr. M'Donald, of the Established Church of Scotland, died at Inverness early in May, in his 80th year. He was long remem bered at Aberdeen University as "a brilliant student," and became in 1840 the assistant, and some year* afterwards the successor, of Dr. Rose at Inverness. At St. Paul's Church of England, Burwood, on Sunday, June 26, two-thirds of the offerings were given to aid the special funds to relieve the dis tress in Sydney. The R9v. A. R. Bartlett preached from the words, " Am I my brother's keeper ?" The sum of ¿825 will be sent to assist the suffering poor. The Rev. J. H. Mackay, of the Vistorian Pres byterian Church, sailed from Sydney for Korea in the steamer Changsha, on Saturday, June 25, Mr. Mackay taking with him funds to erect suitable mission premisses in Fusan, and to engage Dr. Hardie of that city as a medical missionary of the Victorian Presbyterian Church. The interest of the Christian public is as fresh and keon as ever in tho history and fortunes of the Metropolitan Tabernacle, and in on« of the latest summaries of the progress of the churches the fact is published that during Mr. Spurgeon's ministry 14,691 persons were received by baptism into church- fellowship, the largest number (571) having been in 1872. The secretary of the Wesleyan Home Mission ary Society (Rev. Dr. Sellars) recently visited Mount Victoria, and conferred with those who are wishful to have a church erected there. A site was given some time ago by Mrs. Schofield, and enlarged by Mr. James Henry, and it has been decided to erect a weatherboard building thereon suitable for the purpose of public worship. Special services were conducted by the Venera ble Archdeacon King in connection with the Cobbitty, Narellan, and Cabramatta Auxiliary to the Church Society last Sunday,- July 3, when large congregations assembled. The rev. gentle man's discourses «rere much appreciated ; the collections on the occasion being in aid of the society. On Sunday morning, July 3, another breakfast was provided at the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Sydney, for about 300 of the unemployed men, a substantial meal being furnished by Christian liberality. His Excellency the Governor not only forwarding a worthy contribution, but attending personally to express his sympathy with and address words of encouragement and advice to the men. The late Rev. R. Collie, Presbyterian minister and Moderator of the general assembly for 1891, bequeathed his books on botany, geology, and natural history, together with his botanical specimens, to the Linnean Society, and the director has acknowledged the same, at the same time regretting the loss of so earnest and enthusiastic a member as the late Rev. R. Collie was. The Archbishop of Dublin has invited the mem bers of the Presbyterian General Assembly, at the time of ita meeting in Dublin, to his place, Old Connaught House, Dublin, on Friday, June 10, and ho has signified his intention, all well, of being present in the evening, in response to an in vitation, at the conversazione to be held in con nection with the assembly. The New South Wales British and Foreign Bible Society Auxiliary has removed its depot to the building of the Y.M.C.A., Pitt-street, Sydney. This auxiliary was established in 1817, and' has issued no less than 363,954 copies of the Holy Scriptures at a cost of ever ¿820,000 ; and it has contributed ¿829,000 in addition to the parent society in London. Such an institution deserves the support of all Christian churches. Much regret is expressed in the Presbyterian Church of Sydney and New South Wales at the serious relapse of the Rev. J. M. Ross, the general agent. Hopes are entertained of an ultimate favor able issue, but some time must elapse ere it can be determined whether these hopes are well founded or otherwise. A third èurgical operation was to have been performed, says our Presbyterian con temporary, but when the anaesthetic was admin istered it wa3 found inexpedient to perform it. On Wednesday, evening, J une 29, a considerable gathering of the Church of England congregation, Wollongong, assembled.in.the schoolroom to par ticipate in the presentation of a testimonial to the Rev. T. C. Ewing, who is about to terminate his connection with the parish j Mr. J. W. Hosk ing, churchwarden, presenting the reverend gentleman with an eulogistic address, and Mr. J. H. Morell, church secretary, handing to him a purse containing 102 sovereigns. An address from the general public was also presented, Mr. Ewing being highly esteemed, and having been nearly 35 years incumbent of St. Michael's. The Rev. Frank Elder, who is to succeed Mr. Ewing in tho incumbency, will not assume the duties until the 24th instant. The death of the Rev. John Cook haa removed one of the most distinguished ministers of North America. Born in Dumbartonshire 87 years ajo, he devoted his life to work in the province of Quebec, takin g an active part in the unioa of the various Canadian Presbyterian bodies into one national church, and twice holding the office of Moderator in the assembly of .the Church of Scot land in Canada. Tho Rev. E. W. Stewart, M.A., of the Church of England Missionary Society, delivered a lec ture on Saturday evening, June 25, in the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Sydney, on " China and the Chinese." The lecture throughout was much enjoyed by a large audience», the personal experi ences of Mr. Stewart during a 10years' residence in Foochow being thoroughly appreciated by those who were present. The Primate is appealing in the church organ for a clergyman for the New Guinea Mission. Ho states that " Mr. King and his companions are working patiently on, looking for such help as we seek to give. Opportunities for developing the work are opening up, the immediate need is pressing, and the service for the church and the church's Lord and King is such that it might well commend itself to earnest and able men among the younger clergy." The president of the Sydney Y.M.C.A. (Mr. J. H. Goodlet) entertained about 600 guests in the hall on Tuesday evening, June 28. In addition to musical entertainment, a variety of minor at tractions were provided in the various rooms of the building, including an extensive collection of microscopes, Edison's phonograph, astronomical photograDhs, electrical apparatus, a menagerie, and collection of curios, together with works of art, and making the whole a thoroughly enjoyable and educational re union worthy of the head of so representative a city gathering. . At a meeting of the Presbyterian general com mittee held in St. Stephen's Church, Sydney, the fact was noticed that it was the 30th anniversary of Dr. Steel's arrival, and tho following resolution was duly moved and carried : That this meeting desires to express to the Rev. Dr. Steel its hearty congratulations on attaining the 30th annivorsa y of his arrival in Sydney, and trusts that the Great Head of tho Church may spare him for many years of useful work in connection with tho church for which he has done so much during his ministry at St. Stephen's. At the meeting of the Paddington Council held on Monday evening, June 27, a resolution was moved by the Mayor and unanimously carried as follows : " That a letter be sent to the Rev. D. Laseron, the victim of the late railway shooting case, and who is a ratepayer and resident of Paddington, sympathising: with him in his suffer ing, expressing admiration of the Christian spirit exhibited by him in his conduct towards Mr. Thomas Walker, M.P., and congratulating him on his escape from an untimely death." All the aldermen present spoke in sympathy. The 28th conference of the Pastors' College (es tablished by the late C. H. Spurgeon) was re cently held in London, when returns from 391 pastors for 1891 were reported. The total increase in the churches thus represented was 7307, against which there were losses through various causes numbering in all 4657, the clear increase in the 391 churches being 2650, and tho total number of members in church fellowship is 81,231. The total number baptised during the 27 years has been 95,867. The number of ministers and missionaries who have been educated in the college now amounts to 863. The kanaka question is still awakening great interest both in Australia and elsewhere. The English papers congratulate the Australian churches at the opposition raised by them. The Rev. J. W, Mackenzie, of the New Hebrides, the Rev. G. Brown, D.D., general secretary oÉ the Wesleyan Missions, and Mr. T. Pratt, financial agent of the London Missionary Society in Syd ney, have all written against this colored labor ; and Dr. Roseby preached a vigorous sermon on Sunday week, and a Presbyterian minister warned Sydney against the introduction of black slavery. There can be no mistake respecting the opposition of public opinion to the Queensland action-it has aroused the conscience of Australia, and the appeals and protests of the many deserve the consideration of those who legally may be supreme in this matter. Under date pf April 27,1892, the president of the M'Gill University, Montreal, wrote as follows : "At the recent .convocation of the Wesleyan Theological College in affiliation with M'Gill University, the senate unanimously decreed to confer on the Rev. ' George Brown, missionary secretary of our Australian Church, the degree of Doctor Divinitatis. His exalted character and extended missionary service, his attainments in Polynesian languages, his noble work in translat ing the Gospel into the dialects of New Britain, his scientific research TIS evidenced in his papers on the flora and fauna of the islands of the New Guinea Archipelago, read before the British Association, all gave the senate to. feel that what ever honor is associated with the degree has been well merited by this eminent minister, and they express the hope that he may long live to inspire with missionary zeal expanding Methodism beneath the southern cross." The Rev. H. R. Haweis, of St. James's, Maryle bone, has hit on a novel attraction for his church. He has been preaching-on " Ghosts," and exhibit ing a selection of accredited spirit photos in the vestry at the close of service. He knows the weakness of the. British public for a free show. It has been said with some truth that if admission were charged in our churches many people who don't go now would rush about to obtain orders. The anniversary of the St. Stephen's Church of England, Rockdale, was celebrated last nighc at a tea meeting and concert in the Rockdale Town Hall. The incumbent of tho parish (Re''. James Clarke) worked hard to make everything run harmoniously, and he was ably assisted by many ladies and gentlemen adherents o-' the church. Eighteen tables were provided ard presided over by several ladies, and it is survient to say that the catering was in the hands of Mr. J. South, of Kogarah. There was no lack of vocal and musical contributions at t-te concert, which was presided over by the Rev Jas. Clarke. 