TALK O THE TOWN. I wonder how many of these good people ,who enjoyed thomsolvos on Anuivorsary Day allowed their thoughts to gratefully wander to that sturdy old lnrkshiro navigator on whom tho Sandwich Irian ndoie mado a hearty meal, but who was. I um inclined to tluuk, rather tough picking. Yet thero is not n saint in the calendar that deserves more pralso than Captain Cook, or who lias conferred greater advantages on L'QliarAtinnii U'hinh u-.«pa nnk.>« ...t r . ... i . . "i wnuu no was salline along tlio wash of Australasian sous. Australia is olio of the brightest goms hi tho British Crown, und its people tho freest under tho sun. It has raised to faino and fortune thousands who, if tfiey had roinaimd In the United Kingdom, would hare gone down to tlio grave unhouourcd and unsung. They would havo struggled, Hko their fathers before them for leave to live, and, after a lifo of hard labour, probably ended their days in tho parish workhouse that British haven for the woru-out worker. What ohunco would, for instance, Sir Henry Parkos have of rising to ouiineuco iu his nntivo lund. Ho would have lived und died in bis Warwickshire village or foqght with fato iu Birmingham, ouly fO find in the evening of his daft tljat thefo uover camo te him the opportunity to dovelopb his "goniiii. Sir John OShanassy, who for years ruled Victoria, would probably never have got boyond a rent making machine for a hard landlord if thoro had been uc Australia to tempt him from his nntiva Tjppcrary ; and, to carry on the argumout, that fine old muii— Sir John Hay— who woot down tn ius grave having wou distinction from bis sovereign and th« highest marks of reepoqt froini his adopted country might novep liaVo rbaohed t higher position than that of a factor's clork ori distulors drummer. Captain ' Cook " has been t| universal benefactor. Ho opeued tho rnad' R I which tho elbowed oiit tliotjaahds of pld wbrll I ; iniglit roach prosperity and position, and I'amy. in hopes— when wo go in for canonisation— ofitla old sailor being placed nn tho highest niofafe.wii his feast being eel bratcd eaali > 26th of Januoiy with poguding cymbals mid excecdlog joy. Sba cynical follow jaye a habit of saying this eounW would be a great pioco to'livo in if ft wpre fohe»'l and roofed. But then, Parudiso dWo't-snirsbiih fnlhs. Thsy sighod for fresher and Kit, not»)>lto that thoy wont furthor and farad worse. " Mr. McMillan, ox- Coloulal Treasuror, h ooljL homo next month. Ho is about to follow tit example of Mr. B. H. Wise, who departed Ifcr England a few days ago. Tbeao prominent Frlin Jradcrs nre leaving tho battio flold in rathoif. suspicions fashion. Ho thoy raoogniso that tlie light is just at present a losing one, or 1, jt thlU 0 oonfidonoo- io tho general who com 1 jrccs. It cbrtaioly ought nob to bo the | Frco Tredo Is as strong and virllo as 1 noxt olectioa will prove— and it must sr. Mr. Raid is not tholr " Mun for ml it is hardly likely ho would bo, con a way in which ho attuokod the Parkcs b boforo and during tho goncral olcotion. tly and directly Ticlpod to bring Mr. nd, under these circumstances, it is nob bo expect that though he flaunts tho Free icr, thoso who ho attacked will cotton 7, But, for all that, this running away eld of battlo is scarcely chivalrous. It deal llko tho loave of abaqncewhich Irml when thov wero in"the Orltnca. rlvato business was tho ploa, but most it down to the white feather. erprlsing snappcrs-up of unconsidered io shape of drunken mon aro dovoloping artlstio taste up this way. They do u workmanliko manner. For instauce, o gentry tho othor night— they wero for what in tholr slang aro called '— discovered a man noar Browning's He was under " tho controlling and appeared an easy prey. In order, .hat prying oyes should not seo too much, the precaution of mounting the lamppost |g out the gas, tho light of which shono jir victim's form. They then proceeded ihe ralo ovor him," but whilo in tlio act, disturbed. They thought they had itbo man's monoy— somo fow shillings 1/ found In his pooketa— and decamped, p annoying to thom to hear that thoy ;.ui\, The man had a largo sum secreted pt. Men who go to tho precaution of jf tho gas of a street lamp, tn order that jt the better rob a victim, don't know J after all. it not likely to bo any oxcitomcnt over the L olootion. Thero Is no opposition in .Jib wards, and on Tuesday noxt. Messrs. Muller, and Links will bo declared duly Ono can hardly fool astonished at the ; Tho office of alderman curries with it than half-pence. If an alderman works riio zeal in tho world, thoro is no one to .rim, but if ho makes ono mistake, no a£s too hot or too houvy for him. The ; are tho most exacting critics aro tin-Be ;ha first to suggest interested motives If i an makos himself conspicuously nctlvo In . j matter. This has been tho way of the Jm the beginning, and I suppose it will ; to tho end. Tho seasons muy change, la nature Is unchangeable. By the way, i.- four candidates for tho uucUtorship. f feo was raised— nn auditor now gets , 'jr annum — Its wonderful how attractive \- has booomo. ' ong contemporary tells tbo following rich ritows that the devices of tho dead j .oarch of a throat lubricant uro not yet »ut— that there is still sumethiug uow ; o sun t— " A neat trick wus played upon .a old boozer the other day,' remarked a 'Tlio boozor brought in a bottlo and ' a shilling s wortli of whiskey. I drew it, 1 g to the bottlo while ho w cnt through his ! uftor tho silver. Presently ho put on a dismay and said ho had lost tho money, lit,' says I, and turned out the whiskey, | the bottlo ou tho counter. Ho took the nd wont away, saying ho would ho back ' io whiskey presoutly. Ho did not come owovor, but uvo minutes later I found jiiin ' iround tho cornor, poking something into lo with a stick, and after overy poko turn dmbleful of wbiskoy into a cup. 1 seized tie and mado an Investigation. Whut do nk I fouudf Why, tho old r usual had t sponge as big as my clonchcd fist into tho 'and tTiis had soaked up a glussful of my i/ tvhsn I filled tha bottlo." . — I day passes by but ono roads or hoars of a render years being drowned. On Saturday '.young lad noarly lost his lifo ia tho Mac at Dubbo. Purcnts, I think, hnrdl% ijj that control over their children which is r-.ry. They allow them to go about as thoy Uto roam in tlio bush with guns, or go oD \ without proper supervision. No father f allow a lad under fourteen years of ago to :>tiug» except in tho compuuy of ciders, or to jiing unless wito ono wno is ablo to roscuo ouia ho vonture boyond his dopth. 1 ono hoars be truo, thero ib a little ring of <s In connection with the University and >1 Aurou XJOBpilHl. 14 »M»u »o uukon.M «..»» tod olrclo he lias not tlio ghost of a show of 'g on tho Prlnco Alfred or University stafl. nay Professor Anderson Stuart is tho crown 'are and chief director of tho ring. I was ded of the gang by a cablegram in MnnduvV papers. It tolls that Professor Stuart rend a \- on the physiology of tho throat uud rufcrro ' ,»me unique operation performed by Dr. rmaek at Prloce Alfred Hospital. When Dr. irmaok read a paper on some other subject, >ubt ho will rofor to somo " unique operation " rined by Audy, uud so on, tho game goes X , Scotch doctors aro ovidontly thorough vers In the prlociplo of " ca' mo, ca' thee." k William Alison is dreadfully in carucst on abbit question, and no doubt he has reason lis earnestness. On Ids Mcryuia station ho is Ing tho full brunt of tho iuvasiou. Ho says J ho has demonstrated tliut tbo wiro Dotting U .n inialllblo romcay. aro rauoiv, no iiihib, cuu > u well as burrow. Tho "amusin little . as Artomus Ward would probably cull him, ti 4d bo moro than a match for most difficul At all ovcuts, ho can surmount the netting i, Another illusion 1 see has been dispelled. :s always boeu thought that tho Iguana was frabblt's natural enemy. A recent letter j iats a fight to a finish botween a rabbit nud an I la,' In whisl; tho latter was ignomlniouslv »tod, By the way, if Mr. Brunkor's Rubbit is a failure, Mr. Alison predicted it would bo, «heo a mombor of tho Assembly ho did alt iu owor to make tho measure a good one, but Ids rts wero fatllo, Tho Minister, outrcnehed hd a' solid bulwark of officialism, would not p. : WILL HONEYCOMB 