NOTES ON NEWS. Japan lias borrowed Parliamentary institutions, amongst, otbor luxuries, from tho West ; and, siuco human iiaturo under all Bkins is pretty much tlio samo, tho Jupnnoio M.P, quickly develops all tho familiar vicos of tho M.P. under other skies. IIo "wobblos" and "dodges;'' ho ' sits on a fonco ho joins with his fellow legislators in " log-rolling " porfor- monccs on tho largest scalo; and having onco secured his soat, ho calmly ignores his constituents until tbo noxt election is in sight. But Japattcso constituents doal faithfully with iheirguilty representatives According to Mr lludyard Kipling, "a Iladical Mombpr of Parliament at Tokio has just got into troublo with his constituents, and tlioy hnvo sont him a priceless lottor of roproof. Among othor .thiugs, thoy point out that a politician should not ho ' a waterweed, which wobbles hither and thither according to tho mo tion of tho stream. ' Nor should ho 4 liko a ghost without logs, drift along boforo tho wind.' Your conduct, thoy say, 4 has been that of both a water- wood and a ghost, und wo purjjoso in a littlo tinio togivoyou proof of our true Japanoso spirit.'" This particular member of Parliament, Mr Budyard Kipling reports, u will-very probably bo mobbed in bis 'rickshaw and proddod to inconvenience with sword-sticks ; for tbo constituencies arc most enlightened.. .JJut how in tho world cau a man under those skios buhnvo ex copt as a waterweed arid a ghost : It is in tho air — tho wobble audtho legless kdrift."Climatodoos,no|doubt,u(Tcctvirtuol ina most surprising manner; but havo wo not amongst ourselves houorublo members who resemble " drifting water weeds" arid' "legless ghosts," oven without tho poorcxcuso of tho enervating Japanese cliuiuto J1 It is in tho air, even in Victoria— " tho wobble and tho lag- less dri,t"— and who alas 1 can invent a euro for it? Theso Tokio radicals, how ever, hnvo at loast enriched tbo political vocabulary by ono or two dolictous phrases. Dr Malonoy is forouco in pursuit of in formation of a highly iustnictivo and pertinent sort, lie is to move— "That there be laid before tho Houso a re turn showing the total expenses to tho country in connection with the Premier I'ormaucut Building .Society prosecutions, the length of time occupied from tho I'olico Court proceedings to the finish, what was tho result, when did tho society go into liquida tion, what dividends have been paid," Tho Premier Permanent prosecutions were an object lesson of quilo priccloss value, aud it is a pity (bat their teaching should bo dulled by mere time and for- gutfulness. 3)rt Malonoy, therefore, may bo exhorted to peruovcro. lie might with udvautagc, however, add ono or two clauses to his interrogatories. What de preciation, for example, did tho pro perties of tho society suffer by tho toils of tho liquidator in proving thut thoy were all ill-planned aud worsG-construotcd ? To what sum lias tbo cost of tho liquida tion, up to tbo present inonicut, reached ? And when, oh, when, within, s&y; a coutury or two, will a dividond bo pay- able 't Tho strike at Mr Carnegie's works in Pennsylvania still smoulders, exploding at uncertain intervals in the sliapo .of dynamite bombs. A curious return has boon published showing the sums oumcd by various classes of artisans during May, 1802, at these works. . 2 . . Jj J fL £ ti . . .... . T .. c din Rollers;.. ... .. ... 2-3 2 5 6 947 10 0 Hollers... .2 10 80.4 700 0 0 ghca'i helper .... ...T) 17 1)2 2 258 15 (I Hcatms .;. ...Ill 03 11470 5 0 Heaters ... ...112 34 0 483 15 0 Heaters ... . ... L 13 11 4 3 508 15 0 Heaters . 1 1-1 ? 4 4 518 10 0 Helpers ' ... ...I 3 trail 352 10 0 Cruuemen ... ... U in 2,2 5 287 10 0 Second cranemcii ...i0 10 OiL It 232 10 0 ' £4520 5 0 This table shows thut tho nvorago cnniiugs of tlio men, working eight hours per day, were 2s 3d por hour, or L452 12s Gd por annum ! And yet thoy stnxok for somo mysterious reason, aud took to mere shooting in rcvonge for their"wronga!"But an artisan who earns 1/150 u year, and works only 8 hours a day must bo vory hard indeed to please' if these conditions do not satisfy him. Two of the rioters at Homostead — ordi nary mill-hands— being required ill the course of judicial proceedings to find buil, swore, und proved by evidence, the ownership of property, frco from oucura- hranco, to tho total valuo of 35,000 dollars, or, say, £7000 betwixt them! Many a nowspaper editor, clergyman, or professional iuau might envy these " oppressed" artisans on striku at Home stead ! 