$LqUb fccmt (&xthnn;%z&. A Church Mission Van has been set up in the diocese of Chester for evangelistic work in the village, in connection with the Church Army. It is intended for the sale of Bibles, Prayer-books, and wholesome literature, and the holding of temperance meetings and mission services, when the local clergy give permission. Mr. Stuart Cumberland has challenged Colonel Arthur Desmond, who represents the Mahatmas, to accept a testing of tne ' mysteries in the presence of six impartial persons of scientific note or of some public reputation. Each candidate is to deposit £1000, which sum is to be forfeited by the representative of the lost cause. Colonel Desmond accepts the challenge, and the result is anticipated with keen anxiety. A Clerical Venture. — The Rev. Osbert Mordaunt, rector of Hampton Lucy, Warwickshire, for nearly fourteen years has conducted a village hostelry, with the aid of a sober man and his wife, wlio, besides wages and free quarters, are allowed to get a profit out of the eatables they serve, but not one penny out of the beer. This, in fact, is the cardinal principle of the concern. Drink much or drink little, it is all the same to the rector's representatives behind the bar. If drink you will, you may rely that the beer has not been adulterated ; but in no case will you be asked to take a glass. As to spirits or wine, the rector's public-house bids those who wanMhem to go elsewhere— that is, to other villages, for there is no other publio-house in the parish. It is satisfactory to note that after fourteen years' experience the rector's public-house is still found to be a paying concern, while drunkenness has almost disappeared, and the health of the people has greatly improved. The strangest part of the case is that although the beer is better, the customers drink less of it than of worse brews in ordinary publics. It ia said that the explanation is that the rector 'will not allow salt to be put in the vats. A Long Service. — An English visitor to the Mohawk Indians says their attention and reverence in church is aptly illustrated by an anecdote he heard of a little girl who was present at a somewhat lengthened service— a confirmation following the usual course of morning service. A lady asked her at the close ' if she was not very tired.' 'Tired!' she exclaimed, with an air of astonishment at the question—' tired 1' have we not been worshipping God ?' There are many who might take the lesson home to themselves with advantage. The following is a description of the pastoral staff presented recently to the Bishop of London :— It is of silver gilt. The crook rises from a hexagonal base, corbelled out on beaten foliage from the circular stem. The base is composed of six richly-canopied niches or stalls, in which are placed the seated figures of six Bishops of the gee — viz., (1) Mellitus, (2) St. Erkenwald, (3) Maurice, (4) Eoger Le Noir, (5) Eidley, (6) Compton. Each figure is distinguished, as far as possible, by dress, and by an appropriate emblem, as well as by the name engraved on the step of the seat. Above the principal niches are six secondary niches round the stem of the crook, containing figures of angels bearing the emblems of the Passion. From these the crook grows, continually diminishing, but retaining the hexagonal section. The sides, which are slightly hollowed and finished at the angles with a small roll, have running foliage laid in. The outer edge is enriched with beaten crockets, constantly diminishing in size. In the circle formed by the crook is a panel of open tracery work, in which is placed a group of two figures representing our Lord's appear ance to St. Paul in a trance (Acts xxii. 21) in the Temple. The knop of the staff is enriched with beaten foliage, and round it is the following inscription : — FREDERICO ' TEMPLE ? S * T * P ' EPISCOPO * LONDINENSI ? ET SVCCESSORIBVS ' A ? S ' MDCCCXCI. The experiment instituted nearly twelve months ago (says the BirmingJiavi Gazette) by the placing of Christ Church, Birmingham, on the Telephonic Exchange has proved such a complete success that negotiations are proceeding in other towns between the Exchange managers and well-known preachers, and at least one Cathedral — Manchester — is likely to be within the reach of all subscribers soon. Last Sunday night marked the close of the first stage of the experi ment in Birmingham, for the Telephonic Company have now per fected their arrangements, and it was possible to apply the severest test to their service by applying it to the purpose which is its best justification — the transfer of the service to the bedside of a sick person. Twenty-four calls — representing probably sixty subscribers — were received from Christ Church on Sunday night; a similar number applied in the morning. Occasionally subscribers in other towns have asked for the privilege, and residents at Manchester, Not tingham, London, Coventry, Stafford, Wolverhamptbn, and Worcester have been obliged — we say obliged, because they have had the benefit of the sermon for a nominal charge, whereas under its code the com pany could levy a fee of 9d. for three minutes, or about 15s. for an hour's service. On Sunday a Kidderminster subscriber was enabled to attend the morning service; in the evening none but Birmingham houses were connected. At private residences, where the telephone may be fixed to afford the bedridden and sick the pleasure of having the church brought to their rooms, special arrangements are made. There is a lady at Smallheath who has been bedridden for three years ; another at Edgbaston who has not been able to attend church for seven years; and in the jewellery district there are a dozen watchmen who, being on duty every Sunday, could never hear a sermon except by telephone. These have expressed their gratitude by cheques, cash, and even small donations of stamps — in one instance three watchmen subscribed 5s. 3d. between them. As the congregation and offertories have steadily increased, the one fear entertained with regard to the experiment — :that it would tend to keep churchgoers at homei — has been proved groundless. It now remains to give the service its widest possible sphere of usefulness, and with this object the churchwardens are anxious that the hospitals of Birmingham which are in telephonic communication with the Exchange should be so adapted that some of the patients in the wards may be able to hear the service. ?''?:. The Bishop of Worcester has recently followed the example set by the Bishop of London as to admitting laymen to speak in conseorated buildings. The Bishop, the Dean, and Canon Melville— who was . acting for the Archdeacon — formed in procession, with nine laymen and the ordinary choir, and marched in surplices from the Chapter house to the Lady- chapel in the Cathedral. A congregation of some size had gathered to witness the ceremony, which was the first of the kind that had taken place in the diocese. Of the laymen, four only were authorised to speak in consecrated buildings ; the remainder had authority given them to perform the duties of lay-readers in other buildings. The four who were commissioned to give addresses in consecrated buildings were Major Seton Churchill, Mr. George Gilbert, Mr. William Joseph Day, and Mr. Charles Hugh Wood. The five lay- readers were Mr. Alfred Green, Mr. Charles Till, Mr. Andrew Jenkins, Mr. Charles Frederick Haines, and Mr. Richard Tomlinson. After a specially appointed service each layman came forward separately, and, kneeling in front of the Communion rails, received a . Bible from the Bishop, who repeated the words to each, ' Take thou authority to read the Word of God, and to minister in thy office as shall be appointed unto thee by the Bishop, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' At the end of the service all retired again to the Chapter-house, where the Bishop shook hands with each individually, and, after saying a few words, handed him his commission. At an ordination recently held in the private chapel of the palace, St. Stephen's Green, Mr. Andrew Cassells was ordained to the diaconate of the Eeformed Spanish and Portuguese Church by his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, who was assisted thereat by the Eev. Canon Leet, D.D., hon. secretary of the Spanish and Portuguese Church Aid Society, and vested him according to the ritual of the Reformed Spanish Church ! 1 ! . ? ? ' 