Tasmanian International Exhibition. PUBLIC MEETING AT THE TOWN HALL. A largely-attended public meeting was held at the Town Hall last night for the purpose of considering the report of the Committee on the choice of a site for the Exhibition, and to transact other business. The Mayor (Mr T. A. Reynolds) presided, and was supported on the platform by members of the Committee and others, including M. Joubert. After a few opening remarks His Worship called upon the Secretary (Mr T. C. Just) to read the correspondence he had received. Com- munications were then read from Colonel St. Hill and Messrs H. W. Baily and Bassett Hull, in which the writers, while re- gretting their absence, expressed their views shortly on some points of the pro- posals. COMMITTEE'S REPORT. Mr Just then read the report of the General Committee, which set forth the result of the interview of the deputation to the Treasurer, and detailed the work done by the Sub-Committee with regard to choice of a site and the draft prospectus, full reports of which have already appeared in our columns. Mr W. Moore, M.L.C., in moving the adoption of the report, expressed his pleasure at doing so, and said the Com- mittee previously appointed had worked very well indeed. They had considered the various questions which affected the carrying out of the Exhibition, and they now placed their report before the meeting with the object of getting their sanction. The first step had been the selection of a site. That had been done. Then there was the financial portion, which would be touched upon afterwards. " That the re- port of the Committee be received and adopted, subject to the consideration of the details of the prospectus," was the form of his motion. He hoped that their hearts were in the right place, and that each and everyone appreciated the magni- tude of what they were about to com- mence, and that they would all work with the Committee in harmony, so that they could carry out this great Exhibition. It would be to the ad- vantage of everyone in Tasmania. He represented a constituency in the extreme end of the island, and he fully believed all the members of his electorate would help them in carrying out the Ex- hibition. Exhibitions were advantageous from an educational, scientific, and every other standpoint. The report spoke for itself. The Committee had taken a great deal of trouble about the site. They had examined the Barrack Square, a beautiful place. It had advantages and disadvan- tages. In order to hold the Exhibition there it would be necessary to move the buildings which were there. Those build- ings were bringing in a very good revenue to the Government, and their removal would cost much time and money. If they secured the Barrack Square, and were to erect a permanent building suitable for a Parliament House a sum of £50,000 would be necessary, and he was very doubtful whether the Government would in the present state of the country sanction any- thing like that sum. Leaving the Barrack Square, and coming to the Domain,they had a beautiful site. There was no intention to alienate it from the people for any length of time. It was for the people to decide any question of alienation. The Com- mittee only asked them to allow the Com- missioners to keep a certain part of the Domain for a little time, and after the Ex- hibition the buildings could soon be cleared away and the site returned. Another place for the time could be found for cricket, etc. The Committee had done their best, and he hoped one and all of those present would consider the matter and give their concurrence to the motion he was about to propose. The prospectus would be dealt with by their friend Mr Joubert and other gentle- men who had been connected with Exhibitions for a great part of their lives. Mr Alfred Crisp, M.M.A., seconded the resolution which was so ably proposed by Mr Moore, and said he was entirely in favor of the Domain site, taking it that it was the best to be obtained. He thought that it must have been highly gratifying to those who had taken this project to hand to find the great support it was receiving, from the public, and, also the promise of Government aid. With regard to the question of the Barrack Square site they had to accept the opinion of experts like Messrs Joubert, Grant, and James, who told them that the place not suitable, and the Executive Com- mittee, who had made a careful and minute inspection, also advised to the same effect. The Domain they all said was by far the more preferable site, and while he would always guard the rights of the people with regard to this portion of the city, he willingly waived any objections he had to alienation when he came to consider that the Exhibition was for the people, and they would be the gainers of the proposals now made being carried out. The Com- mittee were to be congratulated on the manner to which they had entered into the matter, and he hoped that those outside who opposed the Domain being utilised would give in to the majority, and being in the minority graciously bow to those who had the larger number on their side. He pointed to the great necessity of unanimity in a large undertaking of this character, and he also thought that they should have nothing to do with the per- manent buildings which the Treasurer had spoken of. He held this would only mean a delay, and by having temporary build- ings in the Domain. they could soon be removed and the Domain could then be handed back to the public from whom it was borrowed for a time. He looked on the prospectus as a reasonable one, and one which enabled anyone de- sirous of taking an interest in the Exhi- bition to do so. The shares were offered on easy terms, and as small an interest as a single share could be taken up. Some objection appeared to be taken to the Domain site, as it was said that the buildings would interfere with cricket and football pastimes. While he was a great believer in sports, he thought that those whom the temporary encroachment would effect could easily give way for a short time, considering the large number of people an Exhibition would benefit. Tasmania he thought should be the first in the field after the great Chicago World's Fair, and as many exhibits as possible should be secured from there in order to make the Exhibition a thorough success. He antici- pated that the proposal would be the means of attracting visitors to the country, and also bring progress and prosperity to the colony. He understood from M. Joubert that the Government were pre- pared to take up 6000 shares in the Com- pany, and this should be a guarantee of their faith in the undertaking. Mr E. B. Gawne thought the public should be told the exact site And also the extent of the ground it was proposed to take. The Domain was a large area, and it was very indefinite to say the Exhibition was to be held in the Domain. He would much like to know where it was proposed to erect the buildings. Mr Moore explained that the proposed siee was between the Battery and the road leading to the Railway Station, which would mean a slight encroachment on the Lower Cricket Ground. The Committee had had a somewhat arduous task and many sites had been suggested. Only that day he had been waited upon by a gentle- man who said he knew a better site than the Domain. He (Mr Moore) asked " Where?" and received the reply, " Why the grave- yard. (Laughter, and " You would see ghosts there.") They must have the site close to the Railway Station and also close to the town. He also pointed out that the sporting ground would only be encroached on for a time. Mr Gawne considered that if the Domain was to be taken they should have some legacy in the shape of gardens left. Per- sonally he did not object to the Domain being used as a site for the Exhibition, but he did not think they should encroach on the cricket and football ground. An equally good site, he contended, could be obtained above the Upper Cricket Ground, and he did not think the recreation ground of the public should be en- croached upon in the way proposed. He believed that they should have an Ex- hibition, but the site to his mind was the burning question. The Committee should have looked round for other sites, and he thought that the Old Market or St. David’s Burial Ground would have afforded good positions. (Loud laughter.) The speaker was frequently interrupted, and resumed his seat amidst uproar. Mr J. Hall opposed the Exhibition scheme because there were works that required to be done of a permanent character, and the money spent on the Exhibition should be spent in these works. The Government could not find money for their streets and to make the city healthy, and yet they would spend money on an Exhibition. [Cries of "No, no."] At the present time only £6000 were spoken of, but it would probably mean £10,000 before it was done. [Cries of " No, No.") This money would be squandered and put into the pockets of a few people who they did not know until quite recently, [Cries of " What rot."] He spoke strongly but be considered he had a right to, as he was one involved, and the proposed Government expenditure which would touch his and every taxpayer's pocket. [Cries of " Bunkum."] Now taking the Launceston Exhibition, it was not a success, and although it was closed, yet they had not the full statement, and till that was before them they should withhold their hands. (Cries of " Chair, chair. Mr Hall: " Yes, there’s the chair, and you are in another." Disorder.) Continuing, he contended that the time was not ripe, especially in the present state of the colony for an Exhibi- tion. Mr Russell Young rose to a point of order, and contended that a previous meet- ing had unanimously decided to hold an Exhibition, and Mr Hall was out of order in now addressing himself as to the desir- ableness of holding the Exhibition. The question before the meeting was the adop- tion of the Committee’s report, and Mr Hall could only address himself to that. (Hear, hear, and disorder). The Chairman said that Mr Hall was under a mistake in saying the advantage would be reaped only by a few, because the prospectus was wide, and the share list, as explained by Mr Crisp, was open to every- in the colony. He hoped Mr Hall would keep to the point. Mr Hall, continuing, said he objected to the Domain being alienated, and a public expenditure being made in the direction indicated. The speaker was frequently interrupted, and resumed his seat amidst disorder and derisive laughter. Mr W. Moore, in reply to Mr Hall, said that the great question involved was the amount to be contributed by the public. Taking the population of Hobart, and dividing the proposed contribution of £6000 among them, it would be but 3s 7d per head, and taking the whole of Tasmania it would be but 10d per head. That would not deprive the poor women of the country of bread, but for the investment they would receive 10—yes, 100 times its value. He hoped every man who worked with pick and shovel, as he had done years ago, would look at the matter in its true light and co-operate with the Committee. Money would then gather from far and near and circulate among them. Mr John Bandarot thought international exhibitions were getting stale, and sug- gested that the proposed Exhibition should be a show of the produce of the Australian colonies, and not depend on the leavings of the Chicago Exhibition. He was opposed to sales being allowed, and also to side shows, and advocated the con- trol of the project being placed in the hands of a Royal Commission. Mr Joubert, who was received with applause, explained that failing to be pre- sent the other day when the deputation waited upon Ministers, he had that morning had the honor of an interview with the Colonial Treasurer (Mr Bird), who had very kindly and patiently listened to what he had to say. The first subject broached was that of site. The Treasurer was very much inclined to the Barrack Square until he explained to him the various points which were totally averse to that site. He (M. Joubert) thought the Barrack Square a very beautiful site for many purposes, including Houses of Parliament, but as he explained to the Treasurer the Houses of Parliament would require to be built in the middle. He also explained to the Treasurer that the Exhibition must have one floor and the Treasurer had coincided with him, and had come to the conclusion that tbe Committee had made the best choice. With regard to the price, he (M. Joubert) had suggested that the Government might give £5000 or £6000. The Treasurer had replied, " For the building of a Parliament House, but for anything else you must draw in your horns." He had criticised the prospectus. The speaker explained that the expenditure was based upon the large Exhibition of Dunedin, while the receipts were based on the smaller one of Launceston. He had put down £7000 as gate takings and season tickets, but in Dunedin that amounted to £25,000, and he thought with the population of Hobart, its geographical position and facilities, they should, at the very least, reach the figures of the Dunedin Exhibition. Having carefully gone through the figures, Mr Bird said he began to think it was a very great undertaking, and that though he did not promise anything then, he felt very much inclined to recommend to his colleagues and Parliament to become shareholders in the concern—(hear, hear) — and he authorised him to say to that meeting on his behalf that he would recommend Government to join hand in hand with that venture, and he advocated the making of 16,000 shares instead of 10,000, so that the Government might take 6000, and go in for better or worse. He was afraid Mr Hall in his remarks had spoken of a matter of which he knew little. He was utterly wrong in detail from commencement to end. If in, a few weeks Government placed in their hands £6000, if the public contributed a certain sum of money, then they would be in a position to go into the labor market and employ during the coming winter laborers, artisans, and others, and spend £7000 or £8000 at a time when it would be a god-send to the colony. (Cheers.) He threw down the gauntlet to any man who said the Exhibition would not be a success. Every one he had managed had been a success, and he had not come to Hobart to learn how to fail. The reason why Melbourne, Sydney, and other exhibitions failed was because they were Government institutions and every M.P. and others who had a voice in the affair gave employment to loafers. The Tasmanian Exhibition would be managed on purely business lines, and foreigners would come and study the country and its products, and the project would be of benefit to all. Mr G. Renison Bell said he would rather have seen the Government grant £6000 to the Exhibition than take up 6000 shares, as then they would have something to start on. Mr Gawne rose to address the meeting, and was received with applause, laughter, and hisses. He stated that he desired to make an explanation, but the meeting re- fused to hear him, and every time he rose to speak disorder continued, amidst cries of " Sit down, Gawne," and " Dry up.” The Chairman then put the resolution, which was carried almost unanimously. Mr E. Mulcahy, M.H.A., moved as follows :—" That the prospectus be now considered, and that clause 3 be amended by striking out the words ' pro- missory notes ’ and substituting the word 'payment.' " In his introductory remarks he said he must express regret that some citizens had thought fit to come to the hall and turn the most important meeting ever held in Hobart into a bear garden. Ad- dressing himself to the motion, he pointed out that in accepting the prospectus one of the most important points was going to Parliament for £6000. When they went to Parliament they wanted to do so with an assurance to the members of the Legislature that the public were entering into an undertaking in which they were risking their money. The Exhibition would be an advantage to the whole colony, and would be the means of increasing the revenue in many ways, more especially the railway receipts. He would rather see the Government give them a vote than take up shares, and they had a precedent for this in the case of the Launceston Exhibition, for which £4000 were voted. The Exhibition, as alleged, was not to benefit a few but the whole colony, and the poorest man in the community could take up shares, the terms being so easy. If properly managed and conducted, he felt sure that the Exhibition would be a larger affair than many of those present ever thought, and if properly advertised it would not be a Tasmanian, but an Australian Exhibition. He felt sure shares would go off rapidly, and he would himself take 100 and guarantee another 100 amongst his employees. Mr H. H. Gill, M.H.A., felt much pleasure in seconding the resolution, and agreed with the proposer in all that he had said. The terms for shares were easy, and he thought that the whole of them should be taken up before they approached Parlia- ment. He doubted whether it would be constitutional for the Government to take up the shares proposed, and thought that it would be much better to get a vote instead of the shares taken up as was pro- posed by the Treasurer. He was of opinion that the colony should be represented at Chicago in order that exhibitors of mining machinery especially could be induced to come to Tasmania and exhibit. The colony was now lacking in machinery to extract mineral from her ores, and he hoped the Exhibition would be the means of having some of the necessary machinery intro- duced. The motion was agreed to. The motion was agreed to. Dr. Giblin, M.H.A., moved,—" That the prospectus as amended be adopted, and that it be the prospectus of the Associa- tion." He said the prospectus spoke for itself, and if the results were anything approaching what was stated in the balance-sheet at the end it would be very gratifying. He thought that it was a good sign to see the great enthusiasm which had been shown in the matter, and he hoped that the quality of this enthusiasm would be shown by the way in which the shares would be taken up during the next few days. The dividend set down for dis- tribution at the close of the Exhibition was about £4000, but he did not consider that they should look at the matter in that light. They had to view it from a higher point, viz., the educational results to Tas- mania by having an Exhibition in the colony, Mr W. M. Williams seconded the motion which was carried unanimously. Mr T. Cane proposed,—" That pending the election of the officers of the Associa- tion by the shareholders thereof, the exist- ing Committee continue in control of the business, and that the following provisional officers be now appointed :.—Bankers, the Commercial Bank of Tasmania ; solicitor, Mr Russell Young ; secretaries, Messrs T. C. Just and A. Morton ; manager, M. Jules Joubert." Mr Leo. Susman seconded the motion, which was unanimously agreed to. Mr F. W. Piesse moved the last resolu- tion as follows,—" That in the event of the Government desiring to take up £6000 worth of shares in the Association, it be an instruction to the Committee to increase the first issue of shares from £10,000 to £16,000." Mr Thomas Bennison seconded the motion, which was carried. The meeting then concluded, with a hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman. 