THE STORY-TELLER. A STRANGE WAR STORY. At the breaking out of the civil wttM was a mere boy, and our nearest neigh- bour was a Horrid faced, kind hearted, generous old Quaker. Both he and his good wife had been reared in the South, and after the liberation of their slaves from a sense of duty, still retained enough to surround themselves and family with all the comforts whicii the people of their simple faith care to possess. lu thoso days their great stone house withs its thick walls, broad verandahs, and low windows met my idea of the castles wV.ich were mixed up with my meagre knowledge of medeval times. The mac- adamised road that ran through the farm was lined on either side with locust trees, that in tlie period of blooming made the air heavy with tho perfume of the grace- ful wiiite blossoms, waving in a back* ground of green that they almost con- cealed. A never failing spring that bubbled up through raoss-gowu stone was embqwered in the overhanging branches of strong-trunked weeping willows. The great front yard had its driveways cut through a rich sward, and wound among towering maples. ? Tho garden had the earliest, the latest, and the sweetest flowers. The stockSsas the fattest and best cared for. The negroes who would not leave a kind master and mistress : found a life pf comparative, ease and plenty with them. The, handsome old gentleman was^' Grandpa Waterson " to all of us, and the wife, who (allowed no visiting boy or girl to depart without cookies, great mellow apples, mince pie, maple sugar cakes, or some other evidence of a kindness that took all tile world into her,heart, was always " grandma,"' ; No nobler ever trod the pathway of life together, and the sorrows that came upon them suggested to me as a boy the in- scrutable ways of Providence. There were two sons iu the family, models of physical perfection end manly courage. No handsomer could be found. They wore over six feet tall; had the light curly hair, tho blue eyes, and the- fresh complexion so conspicuous in men of Anglo-Saxon origin. They were highly educated, and idolisc-d not only by the parents but by the four fair sisters and untold scores of .other, people's sisters. One had gone west, aud soon established a popularity that plaeed him jn a respons- ible public position. The other had remained at home and relieved Grandpa Waterson of every business care. The startling news of active hostilities flashed over the country. Henry, Hie elder son, resigned his office and surprised us all by appearing one afternoon without previous notice. The warm family greet- ing over, Henry called his brother out for a walk, and forgetful that " little pitchers have ears," they allowed me to. saunter along. At the spring we all drank, and then followed a long tramp in the shade of the locusts. I almost let out a shout of mingled terror and surprise when I heard Henry say to Charles in the language they had always usod at home, " Charles, I have decided to enlist." " I have already done so." " Thee can't mean it. Do father and mother know ?" " Itemised Ruth to tell them to-night. It's more terrible to me than the dread of war." * J - . "Thee is nearer to them than I, Charles. I will break the news to father when wo get back. No one^au soothe mother or break the news so gently as he. I am more than sorry that thee has taken this step, for I came home to prevent it: I wanted to make sure that one son and one brother would be left. But it is too late. I have consented to command a regiment of sharpshooters, and cannot honourably disappoint them. I will have a gallant lot of boys at my back." Here I broke away so full of import- ance that I ran at top speed. I was going to tell Grandma Waterson. \ would not have those two handsome fellows stopping bullets. But I met Lydia, as pretty a maiden as ever donned a drab dress or dropped a modest pair of eyes, and called all her friends by their first names. "Lydia," I shouted between breaths. " Hoary and Charlie are going to enlist, It must be stopped?' but by that time the ' girl was pale ss a ghost, and leaning ( against the nearest free. "..©on't say auother word," she oom tnanded in a determined voice. "Not another word. This must come from toother Henry or brother Citarles. But ît will break mother's heart," and I joined Lydia in a hearty cry just out of .sympathy. Qaly ia after years did I learn what followed. Henry, iu his manly, straight- forward way, told his father ali. Pleading, argument, and persuasion on the part of the afflicted old man were ia vain. It was contrary to the doctrine of the non- resistance, a tenet of the church; it was raising the hand of his son against the relative) who were left in tho South, but the brothers firmly clung to their deter- mination, gently persisting and doing all possible to soften the poignant grief they indicted. Grandpa Waterloo's lips quiv- ered as he bade Henry good bye, and the broken hearted mother clung to the neck of her oldest born until unconsciousness released her from the pangs of actual parting. AL few days later Gharlos redo forth on his own horse, a gallant Wck, ol Ken- tucky lineage, and everybody agreed that no finer, braver boy would do battle for the union. He joined i he Riuggold Cavalry. Bariy in the war he was left wounded o& the field, and was kindly eared ?or by a southern family. His chief nurse was a pretty little rebel with bott, wavy hair, great brown eyes, inviting lips, and a disposition as cherry as the clear sunshine after an April shower. No woman had a right to resist that big, brave, handsome fellow, and there tho union soldier was betrothed to the be« witching champion of secession, Then Annie, for that was her name, began tc correspond with Ruth, and through this intangible link of connection the whole family fell in love with the little confede- rate. Charles rejoined his troops as soon as able. After a desperate engagement hi« company ^ was scattered, and he was hemmed monitory side, except where .the ragged fountains of Virginia towered mp behind him. Boldly he turned the felacfc, went flying over foot-paths, leaping Spasms, and forcing his way whore few could follow. Bat there Wechold moun- taineers, in the cha**, and when the] brought jíí berles to bay, the gallant stanc he made, drawing bis sabre when hit revolver* were emptied, saved his life foi tbs time. His desperate courage won the heart of the southeners, and they persis- ted until he was taken alive. He was sent to Libby, made his escape, weat for days without food, and when at length he found it, ate so much that death followed quickly upon the pangs of star ration. - Henry's record was as brief as glorious Hts regiment worshipped him. No mat pf^em, westerners though they were &mtd; outride or outshoot him. He lee ?wherever he asked his men to go. A giant in strength, he was a hero in courage At Pleasant Hill, La., he was shot fron his horse but still fought on, and, afte being fatally wonsded, three of the enem; bit the dust before his hand droppe! Bonseless to the ground. His remain came home, and never was brother, son and neighbour more sincerely mourned Charley's story was never learned unti after the war. ^Butnow comes a sequel stronger thai the story itself. Grandpa Waterson am his wife had borne their sorrows with . fortitude that only people like them cai anderstand. Thoy talked of their los boys, and together found a grim pleasnr in reviewing the childhood, the youthf u .experience and the manly qualities of th ^dead sons. Time and time have Iseei them at the end of the front verandah overgrown with honeysuckles, sitting hand ia hand talking of Henry and Chatlea One day came a letter from Annie announcing that she would visit tin Watersons. There was great preparation for she wonld have been Charles's wif< had he lived, and she was dear to them ii her own right, for she had never ceasec to send those welcome letters, alwayi bright and cheery save when Charles's fat forced its way into her thoughts. She came to a royal welcome. I ima gine now that I was over officious in pilot ing her around, pointing out everything that Charles was ever associated with, an( gabbling away as a boy, whose voice is a the hen cackling stage of advancement will. "Thee is a great comfort to us,' Grandpa Waterson used to say to Annie and when Grandma got her arms roan"? the pretty southerner, there was always i gentle kiss and a sweet voiced assurance that Annie was just as dear as thougt she were a daughter. Then came a surprise in the shape of Í handsome, showy, bold faced woman, who announced herself as having been the affianced of Colonel Waterson, killed ai Pleasant Hill. She had long meant to visit the family and make herself known bat had not been able to do so. Colonel Waterson had left everything to her, and she produced a will at that late day pur* portitig tb hare been made by him. She was welcomed with old school courtesy, but there was a sober look ou every face that she encountered. I called Annie out at once and hold au indignation meoting. That woman was a fraud, ana I knew it. Henry was not the man io i fall in lovo with any stich s^ecimau of lier sex. t dedicated ray time wholly then àfti there, 'to watéhi&g; her movements aud proving my opinion. The result will suffice without the details of my detective work. Grandpa Watersou's watch was missed. AU of Annie's most Valuable jewellery disappeared, and tho adventur- ess complained load aaa often about robberies) charging that she never could trust " niggers." Then grandma would gently chide her, and say : " Thee should not judge. All those people are old friends of raiue, and faithful." The fraud would turu up her nose and put on a look of contempt that always sont me boiling. Ono day at the spring she leaned over io use the clear water as a mirror, and Ctöm somewhere about her person dropped the big gold watch that Grandpa Water- son prized most as an heirloom. I had it in a twinkling, and the angry shouts of the woman only added to my speed. I told grandma, told everybody, 1 wanted her arrested, but " thee must leave this matter entirely to me," checked my ardour " There must be no talk/' he continued. I will see that this woman leaves us. Don't plead for her, mother. I will only dismiss her that is all." And he did, after every thing had been discovered and the forged will dostWyed. We never heard of har again, The very next afternoon there was a great «latter ot horse's feet np the hard road. The rider came like a rocket, and we all rushed to see who it was. I think that everyone fainted but myself and Annie. She emmitted something between a shriek and a gargle, vaulted over the Verandah. railibg and landed right in the arms of-=bi£, hand- some Charley. He was alive. He was well. AU that VfxJ had heard was false. He bad survived his sufferings after a lon* Illness in the family of a poor but kind mountaineer, and there he was, the picture of health, with Annie in his arms. I sprang into the saddle with a maniacal yell. 1 got two little darkeys on behind me. We tore over the yard in wild delight, and soon all the folks about the farm were shouting, crying, and welcom- ing Massa Charles. " God bless thee, son," was all grandma could say then, while the good old gentle- man blinked, tried to look calm as the tears rolled down his cheeks, and then he sobbed. " Charles, Henry's wish is ful- filled. Thee is left to bless our old age, and thee has also brought us Annie." Detroit ÍVee Prest. 