: HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION F Sow, which is the worse—to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There are lots of people on the one aide or the other of this question. _ When " good digestion waits an appetite and health on both,13 tb&t; is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within rea sonable limits, it is better to have an ap petite without a dinner, because, abort of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who onght to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of "alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, " I was afraid to eat." Did be fancy his food was poisoned, or did hiB nature re bel against the oonrishment lived on t If the latter, why 1 Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 I changed my work for railway porter to signal man. I had been signalman for twelve mont hs, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My month tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it it> that way, appeared to have nothing to Bay to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur around it. . My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest aod shoulders, which were al ways right before 1 had eaten anything. Theu I was greatly troubled with mind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to 'do justice to hit meals. He adds that there was what he talis " a pricking sensation, at hjs heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. * Then again, at times be was attacked frith spasms, the agony of which was so sev jre that the sweat rolled off htm. "I dreaded," he says, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have Jl made, for I was afraid to eat. " After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and: this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the-fear of " some thing going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death or somebody dear to him. This was due, as he inti mates, to the unpoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his nnstrnng" nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always foil of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restlesa and nngoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says "T ' stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I straggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one has suffered so mush as I have done." In the latter statement he is undoubt edly wrong. One's own pain ib one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment bad left him. where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own i having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. * * My wife," he says, " got me a bottle at Mr. LangstafFs, in Woodlesford, ' and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven yean. (Signed) "George Hunt, " Car Bottom Road, " Apderley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish tbis by Mr. Hunt's de sire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is audi for what reason. 