(Written expressly for The Illustrated Sydney News. All Rights Reserved.) THE TERROR OF GLAMIS CASTLE. THE SECRET CHAMBER OF THE STRATHMORES. THERE is an unusual stir in the neighbour- hood of Glamis. Prom all points of the compass a goodly company is arriving, and spectators in the upper rooms or mounted on the leads of the ancient castle keep, can see the guests approaching. What means this stir and tumult in the ancient pile, whose central tower or keep could relate experiences of many hundreds of years, were there speech in stone P If those stones could cry out they might re- veal the secrets of Macbeth j for within those ancient walls did that ambitious Thane of Glamis-so tradition. says-do that dastard deed upon his king-the aged Duncan. If this most venerable pile could utter speech it could, mayhap, tell us of the dire mysteries, the haunting horror which for centuries has been the wonder and alarm of many guests, the subject of discussion at many a hospitable board. Built cen- turies ago, Glamis-or *' Glams," as it is pronounced-has almost to the present time of writing been associated with weird and spectral sounds and visitations. From many different sources come these curious facts. Not once, but a dozen times, have individuals related strange experi- ences of the place-sounds, shapes, and appearances uncanny ; and so often have these been told in private, and occasionally related in the public prints, that it seems impossible to arrive at any other conclusion than that the castle is " haunted." The mystery never has been solved. The historic fame of Glamis, the noble resi- dence of a noble family, has been spread abroad throughout the world. The central tower or keep contains the Secret Chamber, but not in it alone centres all the interest of the castle. Full fifteen feet in thickness is this keep ; within its hoary walls as- cends a splendid spiral staircase, upon some Of whose massive stone steps five persons can together mount abreast. Turning from it into the spacious Hall of Stone, we per- ceive beside its windows the quaint small rooms within the walls so curiously con- trived and built. Somewhere, so " they say," and, so far as we know, say uncontradioted, is the dread chamber beyond whose hidden portals no human foot has for manr, many generations passed. Over the castle hangs an impenetrable mystery which strangers must not try to solve, which none but the noble owner and bis confidants-his eldest son and agent-ever knew, and never divulge. Let us marshal all the facts and relate them in this narrative. * # * # It was a gala day at Glamis, then. The heir of all the Strathmores will " to-morrow be of age," they said. Numerous guests were arriving at the castle, and those already there are enjoying the scenery and the scene. To the northward rise the classic Grampians, which send forth many branching streams into the Great balley from which the yons derive their noble title. On the south rise other hills, and further east a lofty beacon mountain raises up its head, scorched by many a fire in the " good old times." The company is arriving. Young men, gay youths, friends of the heir are here j matrons, maidens, children, brave soldiers, chieftains, and numerous others come to welcome the " coming of age." Amongst the younger men whispers were going round concerning the dread secret of the noble edifice-the great Mystery. . " We'll get him to tell us what it is," remarked one, confidentially. *i After supper we shall find it out." " He will hear it to-night," remarked another, " and will tell us in the morning. We are sure to hear it." So, merrily, they pass along. No one else gives special thought to the traditions attaching to the castle ; but, ere long, the many had reason to regret their coming. The scene was imposing ; there were clansmen and relatives, neighbours and friends. Vernon s and Gordons, and many other families were fully represented, no doubt j mirth and cheerfulness were the order of the night ; and, after some of the guests had retired, a special party assembled in the smoking-room, as arranged. " Now," exclaimed one of the foremost of the group, " what's all this mystery which people talk about here in the castle?" " I will tell you to-morrow," replied the heir, laughing. " You will do no such thing I " said a deep voice from the other end of the apartment. The young men turned round. All eyes were directed to the door, where was stand an elderly man, not of the calibre of the rest of the company. Several present were suddenly sobered; they began to fancy that this stranger with the deep voice was someone " no canny," and perhaps even a visitor from the " underworld." " But the temporary alarm engendered by the individual was quickly dissipated when the young lord cried out cheerfully : " And why not, Mr. Harris, why not ? " " Because ye won't, my lord. Ah, ye may smile! I've been factor here for many years, and my father before me. We have heard the like ; many a time the promise has been made. But-" (here he looked round and continued impres- sively) : " But the promise has never been kept." " Then I will be the exception. Is there any dark deed in connection with the family that cannot be told ? " " No, there's nothin' affectin' your honesty, nor your rank, my lord. Strath- more can hold his head with the best ; but the secret must never be revealed." " Nonsense I " repeated the young laird, " you shall hear this absurd story to- morrow, my friends. To-morrow, after dinner, in this room, over your toddy and cigars, you shall hear the supposed dread secret. At any rate, I do not see why it should not be known. You hear, Mr. Vernon ? " " Yes, I hear," replied one of the elders of the party, who, with his wife and child, were staying in the house. " I'm witness." " Have a care, my lord," cried the factor. " A Strathmore should never break his word. You're promising what ye'll ne'er perform." " You shall see," replied the obdurate young man. " I will." " I tell ye and. these gentlemen that ye will not, and ye dare not, my lord ! " With these ominous words, the old man quitted the room, having sufficiently done his duty in the matter. He was a bluff, blunt, honest man, deep in the confidence of the family. Hence his plain speaking. . A pause ensued. At length one of the guests remarked : " I think I have heard that the castle is haunted. Is it not so ? " " Yes," replied the heir. " Most curious and unaccountable sounds and sights have been perceived. No one can deny them. We have heard them, but never have dis- covered their origin." " I can substantiate the fact from my own experience," remarked one of the middle-aged gentlemen present, with strange emphasis. " You, doctor ! " cried several. " Why, you have neve* suggested such a thing before." " Because I regarded the incident as a hallucination," replied the doctor. " Curi- ously, it is only quite lately that the appearance has been confirmed. I was very glad to be again invited by his lord- ship, because I oan perhaps find some clue to the mystery here." " Oh, tell us your experience, doctor," said Mr. Vernon. " I am not a believer, I must tell you. Ghosts have no existence for me." " My experience is true," replied the doctor. " Many present will remember the hou*e-party here two years ago. Amongst the ladies was Miss Seymour-" " She is married now," said someone. " She is. I met her the other evening at a ball. Listen to my experience. Glamis will confirm some of it, I am sure." " Just two years ago," said he, " I waa staying here for a couple of days. On the very day I arrived a most extraordinary incident happened. I had dressed for dinner, and was looking out of the window, not wishing to be the first in the drawing room, when the door of my room flew open, and a man in ordinary dress beckoned me out." " Who was he ? " asked an impatient listener. *» Beckoned me out," continued the doctor, quickly, without taking any notice of the question, " and said, in a strange, dull whisper, 4 You are wanted-Migs Seymour is ill.' " " He hurried out, speeding down the stairs in a peculiar fashion, but I followed as quickly to the room to which he pro- ceeded. In this parlor, or whatever you call it--the room yonder-I found a young lady in a dead faint, apparently. Advan- cing, I opened her hands, and applied simple remedies. She seemed to recover, when the stranger exclaimed : " ' Is that the manner in which you recover your patients ? Let me show you the right way-my way ! ' " To my surprise and horror he pulled a dagger from his breast, and stabbed her. I had been at a little distance away, but quickly rushed forward. I was too late. The blow had fallen. But instantly both figures disappeared ! They vanished from my sight together ! " There was dead silence in the room . when the doctor paused and looked round on his audience. '* You may imagine my horror," he went on. " I stood as one transfixed-yes, it's true ; but I could not grasp the occasion. Was I awake or in a trance ? I seemed to be awake, all outer objects were plain and tangible. But I was alone ! Where were the man and Miss Seymour ? " I searched, and after a while returned upstairs to the drawing-room, determined to ascertain whether such a person as Miss Seymour was in the house ; or whether I could procure a photograph of her-if she really existed. So I stood in a recess, being alone in the room. Then you came in, you remember ? " turning to the heir, who nodded. " I asked you if Miss Seymour were not taken ill, or whether she had recovered, I think ?" " Something of the kind, certainly ; and I told you that you would soon be able to judge for yourself. She was quite well." " Exactly. Well, gentlemen," continued the doctor, " in a few minutes Miss Sey- mour actually appeared, perfectly well, and I at once recognised her. I was introduced, but she treated me as an utter stranger. She chatted pleasantly, but never gave the slightest hint of our having met before, nor did she appear a subject likely to faint. " But a very curious part of my experi- ence was this : the man who fetched me from my room did not put in an appear- ance, nor did I see him, though I described him to her during the rest of the visit. No one knew him." " Well, that is most extraordinary ! " cried several of the guests. " And you never solved the mystery ? " " The most curious experience of all is yet to be told," said the doctor. 4< A few nights since I was at a ball in Gloucester. There I met the lady again, and spoke to her as Miss Seymour. « She smilingly corrected me, and said, « I will introduce you to my husband. There he is. You Bee him?' " I looked at the person indicated, and I declare, gentlemen, the man was the same whom I had seen in Glamis, two years ago." " What did you say, doctor?" asked Vernon. « She saw that I was taken aback, and was curious to knôw the reason ; but when I remarked that I fancied I had met the gentleman two years previously here, at Glamis, she deolared that that was impossible-he had never visited Glamis. There, is not that an extraordinary coincidence ? " All present agreed that it was, and the incident has never been explained to thie day. The original narrator maintains the truth of the story, though the sequel ie wanting. The company was much impressed, and amid the silence which succeeded the un- expected ending of the doctor's narrative, Mr. Vernon rose, bade them good night, and went to his wife's apartments. He was not a believer in ghosts, or in any such mysterious appearances, but he could not deny the apparent truthf ulnest of the circumstances he had heard. Thej had been strangely confirmed, and it wai with very mingled feelings that he wendec his way upstairs, half fearing that some' thing would occur. But he met witt nothing to alarm him. He determined t< tell his wife nothing of the circumstances for fear of alarming her. Mr. Vernon found a night-light burning in his wife's room, and another in thi smaller apartment opening out of it, ii which his son, a lad about nine years old was sleeping. Mr. Vernon got into bed and slept soundly. Here the narrative i continued by his wife. We give it in he own words. She says : " I had slept I know not how long, whei I was awakened by a peculiar sound. I seemed like the rattling of dice, foliowe< by. the heavy blow of a man's hand upo: a table. Almost at the same instant became aware that the night-light ha gone out. I sat up in bed with th intention of re-lighting it, and had put ou my hand to take the matches, when ther came forth from behind the bed-curtain on the other side a gigantic-looking man " At first, in my confusion, I imagine that it was Mr. Vernon, until I realise that he was beside me, fast asleep. " Then a strange fear took possession c me, for the man had a long flowing beare and his face was that of a dead person appalling in its ghastliness. I followe his movements with a kind of fascinatioi and he went in the direction of my son room. .... As the gigantic being dil appeared through the doorway, I darte after him, and heard Hugh cry out : " ' Oh. mamma, mamma, there's a grei big man in my room I ' "I staggered in, and the next instai my trembling boy was in my arms, aliy unharmed ! Both the night-lights hs gone out ; and other guests next mernie confessed to similar experiences." Mr. Vernon, duly apprised of thei events, was exceedingly surprised. 1 several of the other guests the lady relate her experiences, and to her astonish men another guest had a fact to relate whi( came out in a very singular manner. This lady was very well known : society, and is described as u a very clea headed, matter-of-fact woman." She hi been lodged in very handsome apartmenl it seems, of modern decoration-" no gau: carvings on the walls, no grim tapeBt: swung to and fro j all smooth, cosy, ai modern." She came down to breakfast in excelle trim, and cheerful. Someone polite inquired if she had slept well. " Well, thanks, very well up to fo o'clock this morning. Your Scotti carpenters come to work very early, suppose they put up the scaffold!] quickly, for they are quiet now." This speech produced a dead silence, a: the speaker saw that the faces of soi members of the family were pale. She w earnestly requested not to speak of it agai there had been no carpenters at work .all 1 The lady, until that moment, h had no idea of any supernatural importan being attributed to the noise, which s regarded as commonplace in the extren But those who sought explanation those mysterious sounds were doomed be disappointed j though the narra ti told by Mrs. Vernon had an explanation though only confirmatory of the super- natural character of the incident, dependent on tradition. Mr. Vernon naturally re- quested this explanation. " There is," said her informant, " in Glamis Castle, a room which ia never opened ; à room which no mortal eye may see, and the locality and contents are known only to the earl, his heir, and his factor. In this room, legends state, a fearful crime was committed connected with the old castle. An antiquary thus accounts for the noises and disturbances so often heard at Glamis, such as heard last night." He says : " It would appear that on the occasion of some fight between Lindsays and Ogilvies, the latter were defeated, and came hither to beg for safety. The then rough chieftain, who bore them no good- will, did not like to refuse, and he put them all together in the central keep in an apartment hidden from all other guests. " There the unfortunate men were placed and, whether by aocident or desire, were left to starve. Such is the story." " And has no one ever searched the place ? " inquired the lady. '* The room has always been closed, and " The man had a long flowing beard and his face was that of a dead person- appalling in its ghastliness." i» iiuw urj.uK.eu up. DUI tum was noe aone, I understand, until one of the late owners of the castle determined to open the door and search out the cause of the noises which seemed to emanate from the tower." " Did he discover anything ? " . " No ; or if he did he never divulged it« That he saw something is likely, for after a glance within he drew back, closed the door, and declared, half fainting, that no one should again penetrate within the chamber I It was accordingly bricked up, and no man, save those immediately con- cerned, know the secret. Perhaps we shall hear something this evening," he added, in a low tone. " But this walled-up room will not account for the bearded man who has appeared to me and my boy," remarked Mrs. Vernon. " No," replied the doctor ; " the bearded man is the far-away former owner of Glamis, who would play cards desperately. In a certain room he fought a duel aftei a quarrel at cards, when most unlucky. He had staked, and lost, his estate and castle, and madly accused his antagonist of foul play. They fought; Glamis was slain, and the winner got nothing after all. " But the more terrible account I need not relate. .' The hero of it. was the great « Earl Beardie ' of Strathmore." " Then I saw tho bearded spectre, a tall man, and terrible-looking ! " ehe replied. " That is curious, indeed," remarked Vernon, " Truly Glamis, if not spectre stricken, is sufficiently ghostly." " It is haunted, I am certain," said another. " I have seen a pair of terrible eyes staring in at my window, and have heard the noises." " I think we :may find out where the room is," whispered a light-hearted youth to Mr. Vernon. " I'll get some fellows if Glamis doesn't tell us to-night." The day passed pleasantly. All was festivity and bustle, congratulation, and eating, drinking, and dancing for the retainers; a thoroughly feudal gathering and rejoicing. The banquet was such as one would expect from such illustrious hosts upon such an auspicious occasion. The Mystery was put aside, but several of the younger members of the party fancied that they could detect some signs of sad ness and gloom upon the brow of the heir himself. The rejoicings concluded at a late hour, and it so fell out that no opportunity arose to interrogate the heir concerning the still unfolded Mystery of Glamis that night. Once or twice a hint was dropped, but not picked up, and the persistent youths exchanged glances and mysterious nods as they passed. Sleep soon enwrapp'd the inmates of the castle in its folds. Most of the guests were tired, and did not wake j but one was roused at early dawn by some mysterious knocking, as of a mason or carpenter knocking at the wall. He rose immediately, but in vain he strained his eyes and ears to discern the locality whence the sound proceeded. It is in some of these rooms around, he thought. I will find this out to- morrow, unless we are told the facts. There is no mistake in this-the knocking is uncanny. Suddenly it ceased. Silence rained, but sleep came no more to the wondering guest, who next day plainly put the question to the heir, in the presence of his associates. "I am extremely Börry that I cannot comply with your request," was the astonishing reply. " I cannot tell you the secret. I must beg you to excuse me." This was said so firmly that the young men were impressed by the speaker's manner ; but he was reminded of his promise. " Yes, but I was not then aware of the obligations imposed. The Mystery cannot be explained by us. It is impossible to divulge the secret. Harris was rightr-I must not dare to tell you anything about it." There was a silence, and then the meet- ing broke up. But one of the wilder spirits had formed an idea. During the time he had been lying awake that morniug, the guest who had heard the mysterious knocking had made up his mind to find out which rooms were occupied and which were not. This next notion he communicated to his friends. " Let us just go upstairs," he said, " and let everyone hang out his towels out of the window of his room. We shall then know our bearings and ascertain what other rooms we have to examine in the tower. They must be nearly ali occupied." ThiB plan was adopted. Every man hung out a towel from his bedchamber window, and thus the locality of the secret chamber was in some measure indi- cated. But the experiment, not un- naturally, gave rise to protest, and thé discourtesy was not repeated. The scruples of the family have ever since been respected. Let us, therefore, not seek to penetrate the veil of mystery which stills hangs over the castle. We have heard a story concerning someone who had been kept in necessary durance ; but such tales are best left unrepeated, as no data can be supplied ; and we seek not to interfere with private arrangements. Requiescat in pacel But the facts of the narrative we have given above are authentic. They have been related ; we have found them and arranged them in order, that is all. [The Australian rights of this story haye been purchased by the Proprietors from Messrs. Cassell and Co., London.] Sarah Bernhardt has a scrap-book in which she keeps all press notices of her acting as religiously as, and .much more impartially than, the soubrette who has been on the stage but a year. Everything that the critics say of her goes in. Her scrap-book would afford a compendious record bf her doings. She has either marvellous courage or utter indifference, too, for the most scathing notices are pasted into her book. The one of the New York critic who said that no impulse save that of colossal vanity would prompt or would permit any woman to come before public view in such a character as Sardou's Cleopatra is there. So are other severe onslaughts. 