DEEMING’S BIRTH AND BOYHOOD. Lloyd’s Weekly, a very popular London paper, states: —We have obtained from a trustworthy source an account of Deeming's birth and boyhood. Many of the statements are of a very singular character. Deeming’s father and mother were natives of Athertstone, in Warwickshire, where they were married in 1846. The father, who was a tinplate worker and a general whitesmith, kept a small shop, and also attended the mar- kets in the district. In her younger days Mrs. Deeming attended the parish church, and at one time was a Sunday school teacher, but her husband made no profession of any particular religions belief. He, however, was a strong believer in ghosts, presenti- ments, and dreams, and one of the fears of his early life was lest he should become the tenant of a haunted house. As business was not prosperous Mr. and Mrs. Deeming re- moved with their two little boys from Ather- stone to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in Leicestershire, where Mr. Deeming’s parental responsibilities were further increased by. the birth of twins —a girl and a boy. He grew very nervous and anxious at this rapid increase of the family, and became worse when another arri- val was expected. At night he complained of mysterious sounds, and would say, “I can’t go to sleep with those noises in the place. Let us get up and see what it really is going about. ” The wife lighted a candle, and offered it to him to go first, but he refused to do that, saying be thought it would be better for him to walk close behind her, so that if she saw anything and fainted away he could catch her in his arms, and save her from falling. His cares and fears told on his health, and on complaining of the noises one day he was asked whether he was not aware that that was the house a doctor was mur- dered in, his body mutilated, boiled, and then secretly disposed of? The noises were declared to augur some trouble and misfor- tune for the family who heard them. The poor man was fairly frightened, and none of his s friends could laugh him out of his scare. He looked forward to the birth of this child, as the coming trouble foretold. It was on July 30, 1853, that the new comer was ushered into the world. In due time a name was fixed upon, and the boy christened Frederick. His mother was as fond of him as any of her other children, but the father could not shake off his fears. Even the way- wardness of the infant child caused anxiety, and it came to be condemned as a sign of self-will, foreboding future evil, and a gradual development of the trouble foretold. After a little time the father left the town to enter on a situation at Eltham, in Kent, where his wife and family subsequently joined him. It was in this village that Albert (the brother who saw the Rainhill murders in his dream) was born. The family, stayed nearly two years, and then moved to St. Helens, where, in 1857, the son Walter was born. In the following year the father got work, at Birkenhead; and ultimately settled down there with his family. It was a great difficulty to get Fred to go to school, for he would often play the truant, in spite of the repeated thrashings his father gave him. The boy’s stubborn temper made his father severe with him, while the mother pleaded, “ It’s kind words and not blows he wants. You don’t do any good by being harsh with him." Indignant at this interference, the father would reply, " It’s your interference that is spoiling this lad. He’ll come to some bad end if you don’t mind, and bring trouble on us all. Haven’t we been warned? Weren’t we warned before he was born? I tell you there’s a spell on him; on evil spirit has got hold of him; but I’ll knock the devil out of him.” With that he got more beatings, but his attendance at school grew worse and his education was consequently very imper- fect. [For the son of a working-man Deeming, however, has a very good education.— ED. B. I.] When only 13, Frederick went to a tradesman in the town, told him that his older brother particularly wanted £3, and had sent him to ask if he would be kind enough to lend it to him for two or three days. The tradesman not suspecting anything wrong, lent the money, and the boy then made off. His mother, grew alarmed when no tidings of him could be got, and the whole family be- came roused when the trick played upon the tradesman was discovered. Days, weeks, months, and years went by, and no tidings of him could be got. The father appeared to cease to think about him, and did not like his name mentioned. The continued grief shattered the mother’s con- stitution, and her nervous condition rendered her extremely sensitive. Her psychological state became such that "her very soul seemed to receive the impression that all was not right with Fred.” It was no superstition, she used to say for hers were positive im- pressions. One day, after he had been ab- sent nearly five years, she went to a relative’s house in great trouble, and said she had a presentment that it was not all right with Fred, and then, becoming senseless, audibly uttered the words, "Oh, my Fred! Save him! He is my long-lost boy." As they bathed her face her continued words were “ Save him !” About a month or five weeks after this occurrence, the postman brought a letter; but as it was from abroad, the father refused to take it in. The local postmaster, being reluctant to send it to the Dead Letter, Office, took the trouble to call round again with it himself. The father was as obstinate as before, and said "We do not think Fred is alive. I tell you that if it is not from him it does not concern us, and if it is from him, then it is only a bad omen, and does not augur any good for us. I will not have that letter opened in this house. So the post- master opened it outside, and it proved to be from Fred, stating that, after many terrible troubles and narrow escapes of his life, he was on his voyage home. "Didnt I tell you that letter was a bad augury?" said the father, while his mother, on the other hand, was almost frantic with joy at the prospect of seeing her boy again. A month rolled by, and then Fred came home again. His mother met him with open arms, and there was much rejoicing. He had grown a fine youth of nearly 20 years, and his arrival created quite a sensation through the whole family circle. He had brought little presents for all. There was a general reconcilliation, and wherever he went Fred was feasted and admired, and became quite a romantic here with the girls of the district. Some details have crept out as to the opinions of the medical men who examined the bodies on the manner in which Williams killed his children at Rainhill. There has been general remark made upon the absence of blood stains, and it would seem that the crime was done with calculating cold- bloodedness which is inconceivable. Williams must have held the poor children with their heads over a bucket while they slowly bled to death. At least, this is the opinion of medical experts. A most singular affair has occurred at Madame Tussaud's in connection with the notorious Deeming. As it is well known, the enterprising proprietors of the famous wax- works exhibition have purchased the materials of Dinham Villa, and the whole have been removed from Rainhill to London, where many of the kitchen stones and cement have been put in the chamber of horrors. In the cement there is the print of a hand, which is believed to be that of Deeming. A workman was sent into the chamber to arrange the materials, and not returning he was sent for. He was found dead on the very stones which he had been sent to prepare for exhibition this Easter. The chamber of horrors was closed, placed under police charge, and the inquest is now (April 14) proceeding. An extraordinary story, was told by a man named Martin Lane to the Aston magistrates last week. He was charged with attempting to commit suicide by throwing himself in the canal. He gave himself up to the police, and told the magistrates that he had been care- fully studying the Rainhill murders, the hor- rible details of which so preyed upon his mind that he felt if he did not destroy him- self he should surely murder his wife and children the same as Deeming had done. He continued: “This made me mad, and it was either their life or mine, I could stand it no longer, I decided to drown myself, and ac- cordingly went to the canal and jumped in. I sank twice, and on coining up for the third time I heard a voice bidding me to got out. 1 did so, and went to the police station and gave myself up, as stated by the constable. I hope the magistrates will punish me severely for what I have done, and not let me go home to my wife and children, whom I dearly love, and whom I am afraid of in- juring.” The prisoner was remanded in cus- tody for a week in order that he might be seen by a doctor in the meantime. The Standard's cablegrapher adds:— At the hearing of the application for the tem- porary reprieve, it appears that the counsel retained to appear on behalf of the convict were unable to bring forward points of law, owing to the absence of documentary evidence from Melbourne. Counsel requested their lordships, in the event of the committee being indisposed to interfere with the. deci- sion of the Victorian court, to offer some ex- pression of opinion which might induce the Government of Victoria to recommend the Governors' to grant a postponement of the execution. Lord High Chancellor Halsbury, in giving expression to the views of the com- mittee, stated that the Privy Council would not interfere in such cases unless colonial proceedings were shown to be irregular or unjust. The affidavits which had been pro- duced did not support either view. The Marquis of Salisbury had given an answer to the petition for delay of execution presented to the Cabinet through Lord Knutsford, the Secretary of State for the Colonies. His lordship stated that the Cabinet were unable to consider the applica- tion in the absence of sufficient documentary evidence, and did not feel justified in recom- mending her Majesty to exercise her pre- rogative of mercy in this case. 