FOOTBALL. INTERCO LONIAL Al ATCH— NE W SOUTH WALES V. QUEENSLAND. A largconcourse of people patronised the I Association Ground on Saturday to witness i the annual intercolonial contest between I representative teams from this colony and j Queensland, and amongst thoso present was his Excellency Lord Jersey. The day was evidence, which gave the side using it in tlie i first half a noticeable advantage, but. tlie ' wind dropped considerably when the second half was in progress. The game taken all through was not of a very open and attrac tive character, the players seeming afraid to let the ball get too far away from them, and there was also a lot of knocking on and throwing forward, which caused scrums to be formed. Tlie result proved a victory for the visitors, who obtained four tries, of j which tlicee are credited to O'Shea ami the other one to Alatlieson. Besides these scores . the wiuncrs were given at least three good ; opportunities of kicking goals from tlie field, j The local team were only given one good opportunity of scoring, and the ball was behind the Queensland goal line only twice during the play. Every one of the winning team played a sterling game, especially F. | and C. O'Konrke, Counsel!, O'Shea, Patter- f j son and Alatlieson ; while in the first half on ; i the New South Wales side Aloulton was very ! I conspicuous and effective, but in tho second i | half he did not get the ghost of a show. ; | The forwards all worked hard and honestly, | | a lot of credit being due to -Surman, : i »Shappere, Hale and F. Bellbridge. The Queenslaudcrs seemed strongest on their i western wing, while our boys were always to the fore when the play was in tlie centre. Tho teams wore as follows : — New -South Wales: J. APMahon, back; Colquhoun, 1 Braddon and Aloulton, liulf-backs ; Phillips ami Moses, throc-quurtcr-baeks; Hale, Ai. Veech, Bowman, V. Reed, Shapperc, Cowan, 1 Outtriin, Surman, F. Bellbridge, forwards. Queensland : F. Warbrick, back ; F. O'Kourke, O'Shea and Paul, half-backs ; C. O'Kourku and Allman, three-quarter-backs ; J. Stevens, Hcnslcr, W. Warbrick, Coun- 1 sell, Alatlieson, Graham, Luya, Patterson I and Lyons, forwards. W. Warbrick, j tho Queensland skipper, having won | the toss from Braddon, who was in charge of the home team, decided to direct his attention lo tho northern goal, which gave this side the advantage ol the j strong southerly wind that prevailed. Bow- ; man sent the bull oil' from the centre and | soon a free was given lo Queensland, the kick by Warbrick landing the ball well iu the light blues' territory. The local forwards gradually worked the ball to the centre, where the second free kick was given to Queensland, and this team carried it well up to their opponents' 25yds. boundary, where Aloulton got a show, and by good dodgy running took the oval up along this wing to the cent. re. Tlie visiting forwards got on a good rush, in which F. O'Uourku was conspicuous, and the play was again in the light blues 25yds. Here Golquhoun mulled u catch very badly, thereby placing his side in what looked a serious difficulty, but APMahon came to the rescue and with a good punt sent the ball out of bounds. After a little loose scrimmaging the northern representatives weru awarded their Lhird free kick for off' side, the position being about 60yds. from goaL and almost on the western boundary line. W. Warbrick placed l'or Graham, mid the hitter's effort sent the ball high enough ami far enough, but the wind caught il and turned its course just sufficient to make it hit the western goalpost and rebound into the field of play, and the oval was soon after wards sent behind the locals' line. The j)hiy hung about tlie New -South Wales 25yds. stronghold for some time, the sure tackling of Surman saving New South Wales on several occasions. Braddon, Colquhoun, Halo and Veech were now conspicuous for short handy runs, and Matheson headed a rush by Queensland which look tlie ball to Monlton's neighborhood, and this .sterling half-back executed one of his dodgy runs and gained considerable ground fur the loeahj. Braddon got a pass near centre ami ran well through the thick of his opponents, and when bailed up near the goal line passed to Aloulton. but the latter failed to take it cleanly, which gave F. O'Kourke an opportunity, which lie availed himseit of by reversing tlie course of the ball northwards. Brought back to the centre Mouiton gave a fine exhibition of clover dodging, the way he wriggled past the well-meant embrace ol his opponents being exceedingly skillul and effective. Some open play now took place near the centre, where F. O'Kourke got pos session and made a good sprint-, anil when he saw himself covered ho unselfishly passed to O'Shea, who was following up well, with the result that the latter was enabled to place the first try of the match to the credit of Queensland, but it was iu a difficult posi tion, ami no one was surprised to see the kick for goal miss its aim. From the fourth free Lo Queensland a shot was taken for goal by F. O'Kourke, but it was resultless. Sumo woll timcil passing was then shown by the New South Wales players, Slmppuro bring the last to get tho ball, and utilised it by running well past the centre, where he was Btopped. Being unable to get any fut'lhor lie passed in the direction of Aloulton, but F. Warbrick, who was evi dently loafing offside, intercepted it, and while trying to secure tlie ball collided .ill. 1 1 >1 . < > I /\i i tii. I I 'iiuqiii ivit.li i.lit result that he had some of his wind knocked out of him, and Cowan also suffered greatly by tlie collision. Alatlieson had followed up well, and easily passing the defenders of tiie local goal, secured second try for Queensland, but Graham was again unsuccesslul with his attempt to convert it into a goal. Half-tiino was now announced, the hoard showing the state of the game to lie — Queensland 0 points (two tries), New South Wales nil. After a well-deserved respite hostilities were resumed, the local team being minus the services of Cowan, who was still suffering from tlie result of the aecideut. .Second half was opened by a lc/ose scrimmage, which did not last long, and then the Queens land forwards, headed by Counsell, worked the ball towards their opponents' goal. Reed was responsible for taking it back, and ?Sur man assisted its course further northwards, ami had he not been so unselfish he might have secured a try, as there was only the back man for him to pass. .Shapperc next got the throw in and passed to Golqiihonii, who had a clear run, but he mulled the take, and F. O'Kourke was upon the ex-'Varrity eiack in no time, and getting the best of a short sot-to sent the ball back lo the centre. After Counsell had distinguished himself by a good piece of dribbling, the play became very open and fast near tlie centre. l.'l lli.'l om4v. -"o— ...wv. runs were then put m by Bhappcre, and replied to by l'aul keeping the game in neutral territory, until a skiliul effort on the part of Hale was the means of taking the hall to the Queensland end of the ground. ! The locals now pressed them very hard and i it looked as if tliey would bo able to break their duck, but. although each man worked his hardest the defence was too sure, and Queensland got out of a difficulty by forcing for tho first time. A series of well-judged passing between Counsel, Patterson and W. \Varbric!: was the means of carrying war into the New South Wales quarters. Some | heavy work was seen cluso to tiie locals' line ! in tho south-east corner, which ended in tho | third try being got by U'-Sliea for the visitors, j I F. O'Kourku failing to add the two additional i points. Queensland were now nine points Lo ' i the good, and there was not very much time left for the locals— even hail they been able to -in which to catch their opponents' score, 1ml they even made matters worse by wasting time in" taking marks aud trying for goal from an almost impossible distance, Colquhoun in one attempt kicking a grubber. Queensland were now having all the best of the play, and within a short space of lime had two pretty easy but un- succH'.sdiil shots for goal. A determined rally on the part o: the locals was the means of forcing tlie ball to the centre, where O'Shea entered into possession, and cleverly evading all opposition made the best run of tin! flay, winding up by securing the fourth t ry fur Ids .side, but the kick for goal by U. O'Kourke was resultless. Time was now called, the visitors being returned victors by 12 points (4 tries) to nil. Mr. ARMamuncy officiated as umpire, and was allowed full discretion in the matter of breaches of tho rules without having to wait fur appeals lo bo made. ( He carried out liis duties in a strict aud impartial manner. 