| COLLEGE SPORTS. WEEKLY JOTTINGS. BT OLD BOT. ! TIk- m^rnh of July in each year sees the schools 1 and colleges clo-cd for the midwinter vacation, and j as 'be b&rs; fere away enjoying Lheir holidays or. as is i st-ittiimes tbe case, making up back wort, so the ; scribe v'no week by week has glanced at their doings : in the athletic world has trine to review the events of j the past lew i&ontbs.; We are now in the middle of \ tit football season, aad it would seem as though the . interest would iasi right through until tbe last match ! for tin premiership is played. At present, three I schooW, Gcelonc Granniiar, Melbourne Grammar, and j Scotch College, have each suffered defeat once, and I are on an equality at the bead of tlie premiership lieu I In the ma'.chef which bare been played so far good '] football has been eb<nrn, and at times tbe play has ' been vtry fast and unusually exciting. The individual \ plav has in manycates been excellent, and such men as i Anderson. Mailer, Mogrrove, Ryan, and Wiimeke of Scotch College; Green, Greenfield, and James of t Geelonp; Gaunt, Lovett, Lempriere, and Dore of j 11el bourne Omnnutr ; and Campbell, Hoy sty. bjkI j "Grip" Jolnucn of Wesley hare quite upheld the I standard set them by their predecessor*. In the ! matter of combined play some excellent woi* has ; bees done. Melbourne Gtammar School must be 1 awarded the first petition in this respect. Their i team, though small, H wonderfully smart. The boys pay together beaatffully. To this must be attributed | their triumph over Geelong. The PivoUHiians having I learned a lesson from the dark blues beat Sootch College simply through tbe concerted and unselfish ' play of their younger boys. Fo! owing on this the Scotch team, VIK> hitherto had not played together . in anything like form, adopted the little-mark Unties, and fairly ran over Geelong College. The ! games have been played in good spirit, and except in | out or two case; no undue roughness lias been shorn. I Altogether the three leading teams are very even, : and the team which has the most luck rill, 1 think, ; be premiere. ' For the private schools premiership there have i been some ven good and even coutests, but no j ; school has been" able to extend the Geelong College, ] | who are decidedly far too strong for any of the ; other tcliools. With such player* as Tiiums, Bell, ; | Connor, Sutor, Porter, and D'Helin in their ranks, it j j is no wonder that the other teams have been oat ( I classed. Too rat, by the aid of Mills's good kicking j and the good play of Aitken, Sharpe, Barton, Hunt, , j and Balfour, have so far run into second piace. They 1 : have not, however, met Geelong College. More I over there is a protest against titem, to which I have j [ referred be-low, and which, 6hould it be decided j j against them, will affect their position. Caulfield i follow, and have in their ranks Gome very good j players in Langier, Brodie, Fawcett, Simpson, and | Courtney. Brighton Grammar School are fortunate ' . in possessing plavere like Crisp, Liuehan, Black, and I ' Synott. Canton College managed to draw with ' Too rat, and beat Brighton after an eventful game. j I Their chief players hare been James, Hart, White, I ' lexers, and Pierce. Kew High owe any success they ; ! may have attained U> Bamsden and I>e«ia, who lave j been well assisted by Vanoe, Vingrove, and Hood. Cumloden, King's, awl South Melbourne College have failed to score a ^rin, but Brown, Palmer, and ! Wsimot, for Cuiuloden; Best, Lovell, and Gla.<>scock, ! for King's; and Mountain. Fitzgerald, and Nolan, in j the South Melbourne College team, have done all i they could to keep their colours to the fore. As far j as tile association is ooncerned, the)- have done their ! work well, And the members must be congratulated on the success of this their first competition. " Who was the boy in theblueaiid white guernsey?" That is the question which is troubling the members of the Sell oils Association. The failure of their own particular bank, the result of the English general elections, the increase in railway fares are subjects which to the mind of a member of the Schools Asso ciation are as uothing ascompared with this question, | Who was the boy in the blue and white guernsey ? t On the first Friday in June Caulfield Grammar School i and the Toorak College met on the Warehousemen's j Ground, and at half-time 20 Toorak boys were seen to enter the pavilion. Daring the interval, however, j some boys were kicking a ball about, and Mr. Bar- j nett, the Caulfield head master, saw an individual I clad in an overcoat, under which was a footlial] j uniform. This small occurrence might liave passed had not Mr. Barnett Mid two or three of his bovs I HerJared they saw someone (presumably the indi- j vidual mentioned above) strip off the overcoat, and, attired in a blue and white guernsey, joining, in .the same, play for Toorak. It does not appear that Mr. Bamett there and then objected, but he protested to the association in due course .against Toorak, on the ground that Toorak ulayed with 21 men. Now, the Toorak boys declare that no such thing happened, and, moreover, that no boy on their side wore a blue and white guernsey. OaulBeld cannot name the boy, nor can they bring any evi dence to throw any farther light on the matter. Per haps the ghost which has been troubling EJstern-, wick And Caulfield threw in his lot with the Toorakians. The whole story is very funny, aqd bids fair to oause the members of Che association many sleepless nights. As. far as tlie legality of the ques tion goes, the rule is clear enough on the subject. The following is the list for the ' I learn with great regret that.there is to be no University-College football match this year.; Onnond have s team and are willing to play; Queen's cannot, get the rtquirednumber, while «t- Trinity the prhi-j ?ciplt -that,.""discretion is the tetter part of valour " bas ted the men.-to reston the nifcniory of tiieir nc toiy in Uie boat lace, father. than .take their chance' ;<tf being tpafep in the fpothall field; ' ; / . . ' ' Tbe,present boys of the Essendon GraijiinarSchool ? and their " pld t^rys" -play* d a match'cm July l tm . tbe Esieadon OHbiret«riund.-' -Tbe' {Ad boys were. the .mon: adept atijcTring goals. Uieir record being 4<roals£ behWaa.<MaiMost l goal lO bdwdt lddad hjtfccsahoolboyB.. yF&tirieprfsentboyf;^tothertaixl, Clftritj'Bkinner, Hemming, and Anderson strove hard to aveiit' dpfeat; liut'ttie efforts of M'Kicol (two), l<omakJ Butolieo, tljfchgerfield, ^Gleeson; Chatfleld. ind^orrowwefetiowuoWfdr.th^mUi' : The members of Ute Velburniin' dare and Hounds Club held their fieri crpss- twjtidry raw atQakleigb last Saturday. Out^of -40 entrifp over 40 competitors faped (he etarter, The wijiner ,wps( W. Woodhouse, the "club's captainj^who rin splendidly knd won lather eaaih trom &.<*. Barrett, who finished Just ahead of . The ofextman wasE. H. Johe*,'iuit after him cowing: H. B. Hact, O. BnwU, bMO. Lempriere,--who aU ^towed good lonn.. jHediad fit^en^ v- ot'iwicU X*vle*'aOa}\txe. X Whwas played at Kew on Wednesday, Juqe O, j between teahis from the -medical sMlenU and fit, FVancis Kavie^s College, vhidi'ewied inJ»«in for tlie latter by 7 '(H'Kenjia' S, 'Bttititon I, fiyix i, JJwndJatt.D Jto l (James).i 'A'athim match was played on Wednoday last, Jui)e 29, when both, teaiu* mm, -greaUy, strengthened. Tbe 6oUegiap» again won, .sooiW ^ goals 10 behind# as*l«Bt7 goals ^ behind*. Tiie'gtwS kickers were For thejOrflrge, M'Ketina (4)," Brown (£1 febratton (1), ConneH (1), De*ewe a)r «o<l tor the medical students, J. Bell (8), ^anxa (£), 'HiilpoU (1), "and Donaldson (I). ; r;, 