ENGLISH NOTES. The Queen (says " Lady Mab" of the Season) is very fond of pretty, pleasant faces, and likes to see them around her. On this point she has such decided predilections that she is almost fastidious. She oannot bear to see haggard or discontented visages among her suite. Sometimes, moreover, long servioe, instead of producing affection between the mistress and her attendant, results in the oontrary feeling. The Queen has been known to grow weary of some one or other of her ladies without any reason except the desire for change. In all these oases her Majesty is Kremptory. She signifies to the unfortunate ly that Bhe has no longer any need of her services. It is only natural, therefore, that there should be a great deal of good looks among the Queen's entourage. There are one or two ladies whom the Queen has not seen since the day of their dismissal, because the sight of their faces got to affeot her nerves so that she is afraid of renewing the experience. It is thoroughly understood at Court that the .reason why the Queen consented so easily to the marriage of Princess Beatrioe and Prinoe Henry of Battenberg was because she was so Btruok with his handsome face. If he had been a plain man her Majesty would probably have found it in her heart to forbid such a misalliance, especially as it threatened to interfere so muoh with her own daily life and habits. The Queen has in recent years shown a de cided liking for birds of the smaller kinds. Canaries were her first favourites; bnt their notes proved too trying, and they have been re placed by bullfinches and linnets. These are plaoed in her Majesty's private rooms; they travel with her always, except when she goes abroad; and there is speoial provision made in the Boyal train for their comfort on the way. Some canine pets—Spot, Marco, and 800, terrier, Pomeranian, and oollie—also accompany the Queen on her travels, going abroad with her even. They, too, have their speoial com* partment in the Boyal train, and a policeman to attend them. The ex-Empress Eugenic is so crippled with rheumatism that she oan only walk with, the aid of an attendant or when leaning upon a oane. She is the ghost of her former self. Collecting old china is Miss Braddon's hobby, and in her house at Biohmond she has a series of well-stocked china cabinets. The only college in Scotland for the university education of women is Queen Margaret College, founded in 1883. The buildings are the gift of Mrs. Elder. These and the endowments will be reserved for the exclusive education of women, but the college will be incorporated with Glasgow University as its department for women. Ouida, it is said, is so proud of her small and beautifully shaped hands and feet that in summer and winter, out of doors and in the house, she wears sleeves that fall just below the elbow, and thin, low-out slippers. The Dowager Marchioness of Huntly is an accomplished botanist, and has a large collection of plants, nearly all of her own gathering, whioh Bhe has herself classified and named. Miss Jane Waterston, M.D., a former student of the London Sohool of Medioine for Women, has been appointed a visitor of the Bobben Island Old Somerset Hospital and Valkenberg Lunatio Asylums, Cape Colony. The notioe of her appointment appeared in the Cape of Good Hope " Government Gazette" of Ist August. Women bishops are a possibility whioh Sir Wilfrid Lawson oan oontemplate with equani mity. He asked the Cookermouth women Liberals the other day, " Why should women .not be bishops? There was no fighting to be done. It was an intellectual, spiritual, and theological affair; and surely women were as good in those things as men. He hoped to see the day when they would have female bishops. Perhaps they would do more good than male ones. It was possible." The Duchess of Bedford possesses great artistic taste, and during the first years of her married life spent muoh time copying in the National Gallery. Sinoe 1885 the Duchess has been president of the Beoreative Evening Classes for Factory Girls. The interest whioh her Grace takes in rescue work and in the cause of temperance may be said to date from the year 1881, when she laid the foundation of the Pimlico Ladies' Association (whioh now supports five homes) and also became a total abstainer. Miss Geraldine Guinness, the only lady speaker at the reoent anti-opium convention, is a devoted adherent of the China Inland Mission. She returned to England recently for a brief visit after four years' work in the interior pro vinces. Miss Guinness has made opium taking a study, and was therefore able to speak at the congress with the fullest experience of the damage the drug is working amongst young Celestialdom. 