How shall we decide this Question ? Now, which is the ic orse — lo have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite / Thore aro lots of people on the ono sido or the other of this question. When ' good digestion waits on appetite and health on both,' that is tho lid^J attitwbLof a person towards hi^neals. uyje nnt^ blcsaeil ^ wo ahl^lffimJ^vbct tc r to hal^n aDDOtit^kahnut i^Pmner, Kcausorahort of Mo starvatimi HTtS a ntmgry m&^titwalthy mdn ; whorcasi^Mtf'who ought to eaHintl doesn't feel Hko e^^^Rands in need of ' alterations and repaifMM^* To illustrate. Wo roceutly received a communi cation in which tho writer says, '? I was afraid to eat.' Did he. fanoy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? Jf the latter, why ?- 'Lot him clear tho .'mystery himself. .' Ho says, 'In tho year 1889 1 changed my work from railway porter to isigualman. I had. been signalman twelve months, aud then all at!once, so to spoak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to loso thoir flavour ; tho palate, to put it in . that way, appoared to have nothing to say to them. Ono thtng was like another, and none was good. My tongne was coated and furred, with a dark lino down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appolito poor, with pains through tho chest nnd shoulders, whioh were always right beforo I hud eaten anything. Then I was grciitly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt, like a hall iu my thront, and act as if it . would choko mo.' ^ Wo cannot wonder that fnder theso circum stances our friend failed to dcWnatico to his meals. Ho adds that thero was whajfTio calls a pricking sonsation' at his heart, as tflough it were touched with somo sharp iustmnjfot. Then, again, at times he was attacked witi spasms, the ngouy of which was so sovere that tne sweat rolled off him. ' I dreaded,' ho says. ' the thought of eating, and many a ncanty meal have 1 made, for I t«w afraid to eat.' I- ' After a timo I got into a low. weak, nervous condition,- and felt miserable, as if something was going to liappou, and this caused mo to lose a good deal of sleep.' What ho means by tho fear of 11 something going to happen ' is, of courso, the fear of some calamity, such its tho loss of his position, his own death', or tho death of somobody dear to Idm. This was due, as he intimates, to tho impoverished state of his blond (tho life hearer), his unstrung nerves, and to tho brain enfeoMcd by lack nf nourishment. Tho night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, tho creatures of a restless and ungoverued iufty*ination. ' ' ' With creatfdilHculty,' he says, 41 1' stuck to' my woflcWor I/had a wife and family dependent on mo. struggled on, hut what I suffered for nvertwo yeajte is past mv powers of description. 1 akn suro no ono has suffered so much as I have drfte.' / , I ¥n tho l^U^Rtateijjent he-is undMihj*uUjl-*tong. One's ow^||Kp is odtfh ow^'qtgiLfeltfways i&rder; to beai-£thnn/ is^tiuj's noroTi of liU^jiifghbonr's pain. JVncraiy'A cotmtlwi multitude who are all tho ^Hlo going IbfA^gh tho same wretched cxpcJfincc, only wo don't happen to come in touch witlrthem. Well, tho writer finally mentions that after, all medical treatment had left him where it found' idm ho chanced to read in a book of a case exactly' like fiw oiwi having beon cmed hy Mother Seigel'e Syrup. u My wife,' he says, 41 got mo a bottle ut 1 Mr. LangstafTs, in Woodlesford, and after using 1 its contents tho ailment left mo 'and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should liko , tho wholo world to know what it did for me. I j havo been employed by tho Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) 'George Hunt-, 14 Car Bottom Road, 44 Appertey Bridge, near Leeds.' ..Wo publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order fiiat part of the world at lenst may know how: thankful ho is and for what reason. 