RICHARD -III. ?W~ENT to see Richard III. recently. I was very much interested in the play, and when I went home I got out my English History and extracted a few facts about him. | He was a gentleman who held the rather j dangerous position of King of England a term or so during the fifteenth century, who seemed to have an ever-present, irresistible desire to commit homicide on his entire corps of relatives. I don't know of a more risky position than that of a relative of his ; it was a very unhealthy thing ; none of his relatives lived long, and the life insurance j companies always charged them twice as much as they did any one else. , Occasionally he would run out of relatives, and then the good people of "Merrie Eng land" who were wealthy, or who had done anything that might possibly have offended him, would get out in the country for a few weeks or over to France for their health ; it was about the healthiest thing they could do. I am very glad I did not live in the fifteenth century. There was no telling when somebody would drop around with a guard of soldiers and invite you out to get a divorce from your head. There was a great deal of variety about these murders. Sometimes they would get up a nice display of fireworks with the victim, a nice bonfire forming the centre piece of the programme ; occasionally they would turn him upside down in a cask of wine, or pitch him over the castle walls into the moat. They were the most ingenious people in the world for devising new ways of shuffling off the mortal coil—for other people. They always wanted some one else to do the shuifiing. Richard would lie awake all night some times, and rig up some lypd of a nice autumn-style homicide, and then he would pick but a wealthy gentleman whose estates would revert back to the Crown, and try it 011 him. It made 110 difference whether the man had done anything or not—if there was no charge agaiust him he would hunt up one. I rather liked the play, though. It was written by a person named Shakespeare, so the programme said. Richard did very little during the play except give orders to the half-starved miuions in tin chest pro tectors aud siieet-iron pants, to go out and get up a funeral, aud make disconnected remarks in sixteenth-century English. There is very little detail in the first two or three acts. In Act L, Richard nominates himself fer King, and then having nothing particular, to do, he goes around to the Tower and personally attends to a murder. In Act IL he makes arrangements to marry a widow whose husband, he had removed a few days previously. In Act III the Lord Mayor, -accompanied by the County Commissioners - and the chief of police, and a miscellaneous assortment of lords, &c.;, come round, and the Duke of Buckingham tells him he has got to be King,! whether he wants to be or not, and he accepts the position, and says he will try to I rule England well-r—I suppose he did the I best he could. He held the position of King I for a couple of years without any trouble, and then a gentleman named Richmond, | who at that time was ia frauce for bis health, took a notion that he would like ta be King himself; so he challenged Richard for the championship of the world, and the winner to take the gate money. This made Richard mad, and be killed a few people who happened to be convenient —not because they had done anything, but because he was mad and had to kill some body—and then he went out and organised a little private delegation of English warriors, and started out to settle with Richmond. The curtain rises on Act VT. at this stage of the game, and discovers Richard making j a few blank-verse remarks to his army. And let me say right here that that army was the most impartial army I ever saw. They j would serve Richard for an act or so and then they would desert to the enemy for awhile and after they had got done serving on that side they would come back to him again. Sometimes they would be English lords ana sometimes they would, be Norman nobles. When they were lords they wore : their hats the other way and pulled ny1 their tights—that was all the change of cos tume that they indulged in. As the army they were armed with double-. barrelled battle-axes and Winchester repeat halberds. There were two of them. Richmond was dressed much better than the army. He wore a spring style cut-away shirt of mail with silver-plated pants ; over tbe whole outfit he wore a white overcoat with a buttonhole bouquet of one rose embroidered on it. He made a few remarks on general sub jects, called Ifichard a number of hard names and then he took his army and wen t away. Presently Richard came in with his army (which was tbe army previously mentioned), and he pow-powed around awhile, aud then he made his soldiers an oration. He told them what a good King he had been, and how well he had always ruled England, and how he would hate to see any one eh-e etep in and spoil all the good work he had done, and be harsh and cruel to them and their children, and he told them how much he loved them, and how necessary it was for them to have some one to rule over them that understood them and loved them as well as he did. " My noble followers," said he, " shall we let this starveling foe, with no ancestors and ready-made armour, come over here and claim my throne? Not much. Use the great and glorious privilege Heaven has granted you, and wade in and defend your country and your King, and when you have wiped the floor with these frog-eaters I'll raise the tariff and pay you your salary—if you are still alive." . This satisfied the army, and they went away, and Richard tried to go to sleep ; but I he was troubled with indigestion and bad dreams, and saw a whole lot of ghosts and things so he couldn't sleep to de any good, but lay awake fixing up a new way to kil Richmond the next day after the battle. « By and bye tliev had a battle, and they divided up the army and had a real nice scrap among themselves till the stage manager chased them off the stage with an I axe so that Richard aud Richmond eonld fight, and then they had to fight too. and Richmond pulverised Richard, and the army all shook hands, and the curtain went down. 