Ghosts at Ralnhlll Villa. 1 he Police Clear out. London, March 27. . Tlio long talo of horrors unfoldod by tho discovery of a murdered woman at Windsor has not up to the present been relieved by any incident in conuoc- muu wiiii liio uxtuiuiou criiiiiiiiiL citrcur of the notorious Williams. Ono incident just reported is not without an amusing sido. Sinco the discovory of the bodies at Denham Villa, Rainhill, tho house has been guarded by tho police. Last night, while some persons woro visiting tho villa, mysterious noises wero hoard in different parts of tho houso, and the belief was entertained that the distur bance was caused by the ghosts of the victims. This so alarmed tho visitors that they fled, the polico clearing out with them. Later. - The excitement over tho Rainhill tragedy continues unabated. Each day brings to light some fresh incident iu connection with tho atrocious crimo committed by Dooming, at Rainhill. The interest is most koeu and crowds daily storm Donliam Villa — tho scene of the tragedy. Tho owner, iu ordor to oblitorato tho unenviable notoriety which the villa achiovod, lias docidod. to demolish it. : It is now alloged (and tho allogation makes tho murder more mysterious than over) that Mrs. Deeming was soon in Liverpool, subsequent to the supposed date of tho murder. Perth, Saturday. Il is stated that the alleged oonfossion of Swanstou to tho effect that be was implicated in both tbc Rainhill and Whitechnpcl rnur- dors, has boon confirmed. The confession was made by Swanstou to his legal advisor,- Mr. R. S. HayneB. When tho case was first placed in bis hands, Mr. Haynos demanded to know tho whole strength of tho dofoace. Swanstou replied that ho would make a clean breast of it, aiid said lie was guilty of tho Rainhill marders. Oa the subject of tho Windsor murder, a careful reticence was observed on both sides. Mr. Haynes thon touched upon the subjoot of tho White- chapel murders, as ho desired to know whether his oliont was, or was not "Jaok tho Ripper." SwanBton replied tlmt ho had committed tbo last two murders in 1800, but that ho know nothing of the previous ones. It is understood that Swauston relies for his defonco upon tho fact that tho murder was allegod to have been committed on De cember 24, and bo cun produoe witnossos thathia wife was seen in Melbourne on De- comber '29, five days later. He will assert that his wife oloared out with nnother man. Swanstou wroto tho following lotter to his gaoler yesterday : — " Mr. Hydo, gnolor. Dear Sir,— Before leaving Perth, I feel that it -would be ungrateful on my part if I did not thank you for the kind treatment which I have received from you whilo in your oliarge ; and as for tho kindness of Mrs. Hyde, I am at a loss to find words with which to thank her. But, as I know my innocence will carry mo through my trial, ana suae i saau nave an opportunity or re turning to Perth, I shall then show my' gratitudo in tho ' way that your kindness demands. I have also to exprost my thdnkB for the kind way in which I havo been treated by all the police force. Believe me, when I say I shall always remember yonr kind noes to me, in the great trouble which I have had to go through, a stranger in a strange land,- with no one to say a word in my favor, thanking yon sincerely.— I re main, yours very gratefully, Baron Swan- ston. 