M ARAH'S TRIALS. CHAPTER V.—lOmiiHited.) Mrs. Biohards was silent, although ehe looked far from convinced. People do not care to distrust the evidence of their own eyep, and ehe had $el$ as sore of Marah'e identity as of her own; however, she said no more - while the girls were present, but when ehe went upstairs with Mrs. Brookfield to put on her bonnet and mantle, ehe said to that lady— " My dear, there's something wrong with that niece of yours. Mark my words, she is keeping a secret from you, and it was really her that I saw in the train. GraciouB alive! I've not loBt the use of my eyes yet, I hope." , dear.v; said good Mrs. Brookfield neelin g very uncomfortable; ebiiU rFO.^fteQJieard.af people think-, ug thsyjBB/w ^ther people when -they were miles and mileB away, and I never found Marah out in any deceit, really." "No, because she never had anything to keep from you unil now." said Mrs. Bichards, who was not without herehaj-e.ofehre w^oesa "Why,she 'went as white as a ghost when X beganto speak to her, and what occasion would there have been for her to turn pale if her conscience was clear ? " " I don't understand it at all," said Mrs. Brookfield, nervously, and she sincerely hoped .that Marah would give her the explanation she had revised Mrs. Bichards. But when she questioned the girl she, heard only the same story, and turned away-, at last, feeling uneasily. that there was more in this than Bhe could understand. And Marah went about her daily duties, treading the same old path— but with what a difference!—trying to seem the same to all of them, but feeling herself set immeasurably away from them, because of the secret she held. She began to real the paperB anxiously, to look with dread at the headings of the columns, and they .wondered that she should evinoe so liidden an interest in the far-off war. Mrs. Bichards had not been careful to hold her peace concerning that which Marah declared to be an illusion, and the girl found that people began to look at her curiously, and one morning when she went to the school-house, the girl whose friends she had visited at Colchester met her with a resentful air. " I eay, Marah, you need not have told such an awful fib. £ had a letter from my cousin at Ncrvioh ibis morning, and she says that you'have never been there at all this summer. So Mrs. Bichards was right, after all, and it was'you she saw in the Ipswich train." Marah could find':,no word to;say. She turned away haetSLy. &nd; without a word hurried off, leavingithe jgirf silent with astonishment. But Mu^h knew that before the n morning- School was over all- the other teachers heard the story, and r that her lie lud. fallen fruitlessto the^grbiuid — "It is!ihe ibegintiii she said to herself, dreari{y.. "A$d I must keep the secret!" v For she knew that if her uncle learned the truth he would go to General Woodcote, to force him' to acknowledge his son's wife, and Felix had said she must not speak until he gave her leave. Her code of morals was very simple— her word once passed must be kept at any cost, and she must be true and faithful to the man who had chosen her out from all other women to be his wife. That was all, and in the light of those tiro simple resolves she waB not likely to trouble about any inconvenience or distress which might come to herself. When school was over, Bhe was walking homewards alone, and the girl who had spoken to her before came running up to her. " Marah, tell me the truth. Why did you Bay that you had been to my couBin's ?, Did you want to go off on the sly somewhere else ? If you tell me, I won't say anything about it to any one e}8e." But Marah shook her head. 'I have nothing to tell you, Susie. I did not go to your cousin's at NoraJ though I intended to do SO. I met somo _ other friends there and Btayed'with tEem." " And never went near Mary 1 That was very kind of you," Susie said, resentfully. " Bnt you really m'nst excuse me if I can't quite believe you even now. Tou see, when people once begin to tell lies, other people don't find it very easj to believe the{H at all." "No; yott are right," said, bitterly. " Iliave been detected in one slight falsity, and am br&n;&fed; as an inveterate liar at once. Another person may lie and lie again; the people only laugh or take no notice." " Well, that'a <B>a8y-enohgb to understand," said Suflie, feho was a sen Bible little peraoq. - ^^tfliave always been very: truthful and Very proud, and so one iB naturally surprised at anything which Is oontraiy to your usual conduct. Why, 1 don't think I ever heard yob tell a real downright lie before!" , "I don't think you ever did," Marah said, dryly; " and you ought not to be quite so hard upon me for it. If I "have;friends! don't wanteveiyoneto know about, surely I may. ti^ to keep my. proceedings quiet ? " ''Oh! I sha'n't say anything more about it," Susie said, carelessly. " If s nothing to do with me. I shouldn't have;said a word about it in the first instance, only they used my cousin's name. Good- bye!" And with ft nod the girl ran off. Marah went her way alone. Jenny "had lingered behind with some of the others—a thing she hardly ever did— and Marah thought bitterly that even her dearest friend had forsaken her. Bnt in this»she was mistaken; for, when Jenny came home, ahe was jnst as affectionate and pleasant as ever, and said nothing at all of what she must have heard. < 6o Marah was obliged'to <epeak elf it hersdf. •' Jenny/did Susie tell vou anythjnp'l is moraing7""eh'e"a£kea, nervously. " Susie did not. Bnt I heard something of what die had said. Why?" "What do yon think of it? Are you very angry? Oh! if I oouldtell you all, I would; but I can't" Apd suddenly throwing: her uni about Jenny, she. laid her head ori ihe true heart, and burst into such tears as Jenny had never heard before. ; My dear—my dear I I" do know something of: what you are keeping from me. Why did you consent to secresy when you knew that you would receive nothing but kindness from anyone here? But you should not have said that you were going to Norwich when you meant Ipswich, because such a thing was sure to be found out. Why. if any of us had gone up to the stptioij and enquired, we 6hojild hove learned that; yofi had come by. s different route." " "Eee; but I knew that none of us ever went there," Marah said, for the coal wharf was cloBe to the station, and the way was not pleasant. " Jenny, think as kindly of me aB you can— indeed! you wpuld, if you knew all." ! "Then I wish that I knew all," Jenny said, bluntly; " but don't bother yourself, child. Whatever happens, Ethel and I will never desert you. I suppose, by-the-way, you did really go to Colchester in the summer ? " " You know that I did. Susie was there." "Proof positive, for Susie cannot hold her tongue." • And then it was time to dress for their return to school. As they walked back they saw several of the other girle,* who greeted them rather coldly. When Marah. took her place in her class that afternoon, her face was very set and pale. It was not an unusual thing for visitors to come to the school at any time, and lessons were in full progress when three or four women appeared, accompanied ' by - the head- teacher, ijfarah Went Dn with her' task, not thinking of them or noticing them, until at last they paused beside her, and the teacher called Marah to show off her pupils' acquirements. Then one of the visitors, a florid, showily-dressed woman, looked hard at Marab, and said, in an offensively loud tone— "I know that. young person—at leasts I have seen her before, What business has she here—teaching these children, too ? " " What do you mean ? " the teacher asked, in a startled tone. "Miss Churchill has been with us for several years.", • . 'V (Tote etntinued.) 