THEATRES AND ENTER TAINMENTS. MR GATES' BENEFIT HAMLET. A ft general rale, the avor&go; playgoer joes not expect &Dy; special enjoymeot whoa i comeillan annoanccs that ho means to play llamlct for his benefit. Therefore, ivben. Mr Frank Gates, whom wo have all known these thirteen years as an excellent representative of alrv young lovers ar.fi Irresponsible juveniles, put up the great play for Saturday, the most bis friends antici pated was a curoful, intelligent, and graceful impersonation ot the character. This they undoubtedly had, and in nddition a surprisingly natural, fresh, sua elegant representation, whoso truth, force, and life-like fervor literally took all ipectators by surprno. llamlct, as impcr- icnated by Mr Catos, is a gallant, high- ipirited young prince, full of the lire of life, and, apart from his trouble, an easy, courteous, amiable gentleman, to whom Ophelia's description applies with special propriety. All the colloquial and pathetic passages of the dratna were given with exceeding case, graco and digolty. The famous directions to the players wero cer tainly never so naturally delivered before, and the furewcll to Opholia was toachingly tender and pathetic. The business of the play scene was vividly effective, and np to this point tho Hamlet of Mr Catos may justly be ranked far above any delineation af tho character seen in this city linen tho exquisite impersonation of the Uto Edwin Adams, but in the last act tho actor seemed to have lost grip of ids part, audto bo trammelled by the enormous black ctoak in which Hamlet comes back from England, for tho gravo.scouc was labored, and tho last scene weak. Yet as a whole tho perform&aco; was so good, so full of natural spirit and variety, aud so agree ably engaging, that, if rceent events had notBhown that, in Melbourno, Shakespcaro spells ruin, Mr Gates might reasonably ex pect to bo invited to repeat tho part. All the amateurs who supported tho remain, iug characters may bo congratulated on tho gouernl excellence of their work, the King of Mr Doran, tho Ghost of Mr Davies, and tho Polonius of Mr Dawbaru being specially commendable. Mr Stach plsyod Horatio with care and ofToot ; and tho Lacrtoe of Mr C. 12, Greon was very good, although his slowness in tho last bccud marred the death business ot both Xlamlot and tho King. Miss Emma Broaton played tho Qucon extremely well, and indeed has rarely been seen to such advantage. Miss Moore, tho Ophelia of tho evening, is under, siood to intend to tako to the stage. She has tho invaluablo requisites of a clear, audiblo voice and a distinct enunciation. But she has littlo power of expression, aud Is hard ami unsympathetic, both in speech and manner. A much loss Important character should have been aelcotcd for hor iirst attempt. Nor was tho gct-np a wiso one. A dark-haired Ophelia lu light blue, witn a Bernhardt girdlo over a modern afternoon drees, maylock wcli.butis certainly not appropriately costumed. Miss Dornn spoke the lines of tho Player-Queen very well, and Messrs Hall and Lefebro were both cficctivoos tho Players. 