THE GREAT GRILL- STREET Past CONSPIRACY. jour -. tow By Sli GILu?EL C:IrUELL. thre \-- vier CIIAPTEI I.-ORI?T OGRILL- STIIET. For Few people have a general knowledge s of the locality known as Great Grill-street, pa in the west central district of town, oeni though manly have a dim recollection of ma, their fathers or grandfathers having at B snoae remuote period made allusion to its tow bygone glories, when it was the home of whi rank and fashion,and its streets resounded than to the clatter of carriage whlleols and the he ring of the powdered footmoen's gold- utte headed canes. obji But now, alas i its grandeur have all roof departed, and the tall old houses present T a melancholy aspect, as though conscious but that their day had passed away for ever, exe and that nothing was left for them for pro the remainder of their bricks and mortar yet existence but squalor and degradation. wel Flyblown cards, bearing the announce- con ment that apartments could be procured mil within, decorated most of the window in 1 panes, and formed a lugubrious pendant Str, to the hugo iron extinguishers for putting ecbo out the links carried by footmen, long sho since dead and gone, which still decorated abs the rusty iron railings of some of the cha houses. The street was very quiet and ime intensely respectable, but the seal of de- fiel solation had been set upon it, and the ind lodging-house fiend had claimed the place upe for its o?vi. A few children hopped Vey listlessly about on one log as they played req an eccentric game, the chief element of hay which was a marvallousiy crooked tor chalk diagram on the pavement, ift whilst a perfect colony of cats of ant every size and hue slumbered peacefully fret upon the doorsteps, daring any canine to foe to venture within their chosen abiding six place. There was an air of deadly quiet pos about the locality, which was only bro- wit ken by the unearthly yell with which the ma milkman seems to consider it necessary wh1 to announce his arrival, or the strains of pal some misguided organ man, who has been hi rash enough to pay the street a visit-an pre act which he is never guilty of a second selt time. At one end of the street are the fn tall trees rising from the centre of the quaint seclusion of Batteinburg square, the whilst at the other is heard the thunder of the tram care as they roll down Theo- sti philus road on their way to the far distant col suburbs of the northern portions of do London. It was a bright sunny day onil a July ti afternoon, one of those days of which we fig used to see so many, but with which we all are now so seldom favoured ; the dazzling tol gleams of sunlight remorselessly showed dr up the dingy brickwork, blistered paint, and the shabby dyed curtains which deco. rated the windows of the houses in Great "z Grill-street. Ice bright rays darted into hideous little dens known as knife houses, fashioned in remote corners of the areas, lot and made the whole dinginess and squalor hit of the locality more apparent. A young th man about 27 years of age, was walking So down Great Grill-street, looking with an mt air of doubt at the cards with which the tit various windows were decorated, and occasionally taking out a handkerchief mi and wiping the perspiration from his fore head. He was a rather small man, with at blue eyes and a silky fair beard and mous- ki tache, dressed in a quiet suit of tweed, be with a low felt hat. He carried a he silver mounted cane which he swung fa meditatively to and fro as he came to a it halt opposite the door of 40, the light of no which, of course, showed the card with ye the usual inscription of rooms to be let. ua Hie had already been into more than one at house in the street, and he shuddered at to -41fe thoughts of encountering another CO vision of dirty rooms and slatternly land. th ladies, with an endless catalogue of extras if in the shape of gas, boot cleaning, and kitchen fires. It was, however, abso lutely necessary that lie should procure at some place of shelter, and with a half m sigh he lifted the worn knocker of 40 and pl gave a feeble rap. It seemed a good w augury that he was not kept long wait- it ing, for after the lapse of a few seconds a decently-attired servant girl opened the a1 door and looked with a mute air of ex- h. pectatiou et the visitor. T 'What rooms have you ?' asked the ec young man, putting the query for about fe the sixth time that day. 'Dining.-room floor, sir,' answered the girl. ' Will you step in and see them 1' As she spoke she threw open a door in a the passage, and, after a moment's hesi- c tatlon,the young man entered. The rooms a, were not very different from those he had at already inspected during the course of the day, with the exception that they c appeared to be scrupulously clean. There ti was a round table in the centre, half-a- tV dozen-chairs, a large uncomfortable- look- t ing couch standing against the folding t doors, a sideboard, and a massive arm- . chair. There was a tall looking-glass over n the mantelpiece, which gave a greenish e hue to all objects reflected in it, the faded 1 gilt frame of which was carefully protected by a covering of yellow muslin, and two hideous portraits of a man and woman in the tea-tray style of art,upon the walls. He was turning away from the contemplation c of these gems of the limner's hand in a some disgust, when his eye caught sight of a large table in one of tilhe windows. 1 lie whole face at once lighted up; here t was exactly the article of furniture which hle had been so long in search of, and which he had always found deficient in every one of the rooms which he had as yet inspected. ' Here is my mistress, sir,' said the girl as he turned towards her and put a question regarding the terms, and an ( elderly woman entered the room. She did not seem to belong to the samg type of landlady, so many facsimiles of which he had seen during his search for rooms, ( for she was tall and gaunt, and although i perfectly civil, without that gush of vulgar effusiveness to which he had been I accustomed. She was dressed in black, and seemed to be about fifty years of age. The terms which she asked appeared fair enough, and then the young man ptt a few questions as to the other lodgers in the house. ' You won't be much troubled by themn,' replied the landlady, 'they are all young men who go to business at nine, and are generally home and in bed by eleven, except the drawing.room, and he is - bit irregular in his habits, Iut very quiet. I think he is something of a writing gentle tan.' ' You are sure he is perfectly quiet ' said the young man, who had some little experience of ' writing men,' as the land lady called them, and their quiet habits. ' Some days I get quite frightened,' returned the landlady, 'for we can't hear him stir for forty-eight hours, but he made the arrangement that no one was to go near him unless he rang; but now that we have got more used to his ways, we ain't afraid of its being suicide or sudden death, but you'll find him quiet enough.' Alter a few more questions and an inspection of the bedroom, which proved quite satisfactory, th Iappartmonts were taken, and the lodger started off with the expressed intention of procuring his luggage and taking possesion of his lodgings at once. David Acland, for such was the name of the searcher for an asylum, was the second son of a gentleman owning a small estate in Marlshiro. David had always betrayed a strong inclination for literary pursuits, and as a youth, had filled the Poet's Corner of lho local Inewspaper with startling emanations of his mind. Having passed a brief college career he had managed to got an engagement on a journal published in a large manufacturing town, and after remaining in it for nearly three years had come to London with a view of making his name in literature. For the couple of years he had boon fairly successful, and had even contrived to penetrate into the mystic circle of contributors to more than one well- known magazine. David had ever since his first arrival in town lodged in a house in Bayewater, which had beeoon recommended to him, buit that establishment having been broken up he had determined to migrate to an utterly new locality, and it was with this object that lie had sought for and obtained rooms in Great Grill Street. David Acland was a quiet young man, but who, on occasion, could make himself excessively agreeable. Older men in the profession said he would make his mark yet. He had received an order from a well known publishing firm to revise and compile afresh a cookery book for the million, and he proposed to break ground in his new employment at 49, Great Grill Street. The work upon which he was about to engage is mentioned here to show that there was nothing romantic about it, and that it was not one of a character likely to excite the powers of imagination, or to lead the mind to the field of occult and mystic science. This, indeed, was a subjeot of speculation upon which David Acland had never ventured; but when the public taste required a good startling ghost story, he had sat down and evolved a fairly satisfac tory one from his inner consciousness; or if this failed him, had hunted up some antique legend of bogeydom, which with fresh dresses and scenery he had presented to the reading section of the public. By six o'clock in the evening David had taken possession of his rooms at No. 49, and had with some glee arranged his writing materials on the table in the window which had caught his eye. ' No moving of papers with every meal,' muttered he to himself; 'and if the gentleman upstairs proves as quiet as my landlady asserts, I shall get through my cookery business finely.' As he spoke, a key grated in the lock of the front door, and a slow stealthy stop passed through the hall and ascended the staircase. With an impulse which he could not control, David sprang to the door, and opening it a little distance, peoped out. He was, however, only in time to catch a faint glimpse of a tall figure ascending the stairs, and a moment after, the sounds of footsteps overhead told him that this must have been the drawing-room lodger. (To be Continued.) 