TALES OUT OF SCHOOL. " ] cnuunt frv bow that iiiBy be, I tell Illii u'lo he told to me.' FROM H1>IY«<1 .-oines a stor.v of Power, the Inisli- TOngor. Ou ..no <>rwut«n» lie is said1» have stuck up a number <>F draymen pom<'IVIUTI* in lhe vicinity nf Si-vnn iiii - . One'of the drivers, a canny .-111(1 tiL'lit-iistH.i Si-.it. rvfused to pari, Power threatened to lilnw tin/ obstinate drayman's brains out. but the fellow still stuck to liis "siller," and .-it Irnirlli tlie bushranger descended to argument. Ynii see, my friend," lie said, " what a peculiar position 1 am in. ] am attending to my /nismess. ami m.v reputation depend.-; upon my carrying through every liitle transaction of lhis kind. If I let you go with your money people will Kiiv 1 am afraid 1 o kill a mall, and no one. will evershell'ont t,.mc again. That, wouldn't dont nil. Now. I'll give yon five minutesto reason the matter out ill yourown mind,and if, at the end of that time, you'are not willing to stump up 1 will shoot, you'as dead as a door nail." Power, in telling the story, said, " 1 didn't want to kill the poor devil. So'l went behind a tree, and prayed to God to solten his heart. The Lord heard my prayer.; indat tin; end of the five niinutestho Scotchman handed out his coin with only a groan." Dii. HRAJIWKU., a prominent scientist and great worker in the domain of psychology, gives interesting evidences of the use of what he calls " hypnotic suggestions." lie speaks of having cured patients of insomnia by giving them a written order to sleep, a draft oil the drowsy god. so to speak, payable ousiuht. When the patient, fe't that lie needed rest, lie had only to read this order and sleep followed promptly. Others lie supplied with written admonitions not to feel pain, and they felt no pain, though previously racked with torments. One he ordered not to be sea- sick on a voyage, another not to be dist ressed bv the drawing'of V tooth, with eminently satisfactory results' in both instances. Dr. Ib-amwell assorts that hypnotism ill a certain form was the medium in all these cases, and the influence of his dominant will conquered the instincts and senses of his patients. What an eminently useful man Dr. Bramwell would be ill a thirsty community like this ! What would we not give for one of' his little documents commanding us not to want a drink throughout the summer months, and another sternly' forbidding any desire, for cup costumes or fashionable hats ! If Hraunvell is wise he will iloat himself into a company, like the Duke of Plaza Toro, and allow his powers to be developed and worked in a businesslike manner. Orders commanding bank officials not to abscond and little notes to clerks bidding them never to think of banning a dead bird with the firm's money would take well and give pleasure U, all. If in uo other sphere, we can promise Dr. Bramwell immediate and complete success as a debt collectors! line or two from him would bring a cheque from the worst egg in business. Su: HENKY PAHKKK interviewed a school (he other day and paralysed the pupils with his patriarchal pomp of speech and leonine mane. The writer remembers the time—not more than ten years ago—when Sir Henry was described, after performing a similar function, as imagining himself "the priest of the sunnner sunsnine." This time, however, instead of borrowed wisdom Sir Henry contented himself with advising the boys not'to sniolce, and the girls not to wear jewellery. A most feeble sillogical anticlimax. Would Sir Henry prefer :o see the girls smoking and the boys wearing jewellery:- If not, we see no other way out of the dilemma. THE LI'ev. Charles Kingsley, in "Alton Locke," wherein he gives descriptions of tailors" sweating dens, makes one of his characters tell how be (the tailor, who was suilenug from some kind of confluent disease) used to cover himself at night with a coat which lie was making for a certain Koyal peisonage. And, though the fact has been carefully concealed, it is well known who the lloyal pi'i sonage was, and what cut him off in his prime. Now we hear that the clothes made for the late Duke of Clarence were put together in dens where disease was rife. If it be possible that the heir presumptive to the throne of the British Empire came to his death through the turpitude of fashionable tailors, Nemesis still stalks about the earth, and, as Carlyle says, n-urts Iijnrarih. There can be nothing more impressive m the way of a moral lesson than the fact that the po'or young man, who was chiefly celebrated for his attention to dress, should have, speaking not irreverently, " dressed to death." It lias olten been said with regard to railways, that a director had to be killed before the lines were made safe, and. similarly speaking, it would seem that it is necessary that a member of The lioyal Family should die before some reformation is made in regard to Tailors' Sweating Dens And we have our doubts about its being made aftei* all. DH. b. L. SMITH is visibly distressed at the l-eniote possibility of a shipload of cholera patients being unloaded upon his electorate. This is selfabnegation and pure patriotism with a vengeance. Jiut, stay—perchance the well-laundried medico dreads the probability of the whole of his constituents being carried off by the plague. The situation of an'M.P. sitting in the House representing a defunct constituency, and legislating purely'in the interests of a bedy of spirits, would present many novel features, and give rise to not a few constitutional problems. On the whole the doctor is right, and it is better his brother profe-.-ionals should suffer a great loss of " patients" than thai a popular 11.1'. should be reduced to the indignity of representing ghosts and a graveyard. Ma. !STI:INII:I.I> and Mr. Levi have been returned as nn-nihcrs of the Upper House. The fad thai both gentleman are Jews will rather help than retard useful legislation Where the irbnv of fate conies in is in the fact, that t.iO.lews have been elected to a chamber that cannot deal with a Monev Bill: Onn affair in the Fifzroy Police Court this week. Mr. Kaven. the shrewd .1.1'., is also an undertaker, ami heckled a husband about an allegation by the wife, that another womau was concerned. " Why. she's dead," said the husband. "Ha! What jiroof of that have wer" inquired Mr. Haven. "Well." replied tile man, "your "Worship buried her !" WE learn rather late in Jifi- that the Victorian law does not permit more t ban one lunatic to be ke])t. in a private house. It. is fortunate this illiberal law docs not extend to public institutions, although the difficulty of distinguishing between mild imbeciles and full-blown lunatics would always nlford a loop-hole of escape for the Trades Hall and a few bucolic councils. 