THE EAST WARD ELECTION. To the Editor. SIR-In Saturday's issue of the People newspaper appears two paragraphs entirely devoted to Mr. John Hurst and those connected with him in the late election for the East Ward. The first commences by stating that he is a contractor. Now I would like to know what harm is there in being a contractor. Are there not some of the best men in air communities contractors. Next the writer says " Mr. Hurst used the personal pronoun too much." In answer to that I would like to know how a man is to express himself. If I intend to do anything or I promise to do anything, I would speak in the future tense first parson, and say, I will do so and so, or such and such. Is not that according to Lindley Murray ? I attended the meeting at the Star and Garter Hotel and heard distinctly what Mr. Hurst did say. Amongst other remarks he said he thought it would be necessary to have agenda papers printed and distributed amongst the councillors, setting forth the order of business, strictly observing the rules of debate, and avoiding the utterance of all irrelevant matter. Have we not an illustration from the last meeting, what great good this rule will effect if rigidly enforced. I would like to know what the majority of those members do who are there. What do they know about road or path-makicg-the two essentials requisite to make a useful councillor? If the present members do not mend their manners, relinquish tu quoque argument and wash. their dirty linen at home, it will be for the citizens to take the matter in hand and find other more sensible men to perform the duties. Leaving out the plotting individuals and those who work in the dark, with whom I have no concern as they are only the emanation of a fertile and distorted brain the writer goes on to say, Metaphorically speaking, Mr. Rice Saunders would have wiped every street in the Ward." Allow me to tell the writer that I know Mr. Rice Saunders longer and better than he does. A worthy citizen he is, no doubt ; but he would not have the ghost of a chance against the present member. There is proof positive in the writer's own words, that all classes and cree J s supported Mr. Hurst, knowing him to be the most practical and suitable candidate. The epithet henchman does not fit on this occasion. I for one am no henchman to any man, but I am a staunch support is of Mr. Hurst, knowing him to be honourable, straight above board and below board, and a genial, jolly fellow. I wish there were ten thousand like him in our midst. " Corpulent John !" as if the man's belly and boots did not belong to him. The man that wrote such rubbish does not even know John Hurst, and ought to be ashamed of himself to fulminate Bach scandalous libels about any respectable inhabitant. The writer will go crazy at the next dissolution when he finds the name of " Corpulent John " at the head of the poll as a member for one of the divisions of the city in the Legislative Assembly. There, John will show to the best advantage as a practical sensible man, and besides legislating for a parish, he will be putting forth his energies in the behalf of this grand old colony. The classes and the creeds will see him through the same as they saw our worthy townsman T. G, Molloy. Some people cannot see what is in store for other people, or else their orbs are so jaundiced they will not see. The people of Perth are just waking up like Rip Van Winkle. They own they have been asleep for the last twenty years, but now they have awakened rubbed the scales from their eyes and they are like a giant refreshed. Allow me in conclusion to congratulate the inhabitants of the East ward, all of whom I am acquainted with. It is an honour to be acquainted with sensible discriminating people, even the brickies, the dogasted canaille " as the writer calls them ; they are sensible people, those of them who voted for John Hurst, for after all the writer's blow they did not vote solid. I am, c, JOHN D. BRYANT. Perth, Feb. 3 