MISCELLANEOUS. There is a brisk trade now being done in London in second-hand tombstones. Cremation establishments under the con trol of the Government are to be found in all the cbief cities of Japan. A man in the State of Tenessee recently sold his wife for three yearlings and an acre of land. The latest American industry ib the manufacture of ivory from milk by the pro cess of coagulation as in making cheese. A whistling tree is found in the West Indian Islands. It has a peculiar-shaped leaf and pods with a split or open edge. The wind passing through these causes the sound which gives the tree its same. \- The Guadaloupe bees lay their honey in bladder* of wax, about as large as a pigeon's egg, and not in combs. The bees have no stings, are small, and of a black color. The honey is of an oily consistency, and never hardens. Joseph McLean has been severely in juied through being dragged by his clothes into the machinery of the Wallaroo Miue&. The cold weather and the scarcity of feed are affecting the lambing season at Anlaby. Is it an unmixed bleBsmg to De a mil lionaire ? It seems not. The Aetore, Rockefellows, and Vanderbilte are obliged to keep armed retainers to protect their property at night. These men number 66, and it is their sole duty to guaid the houseB of the New York millionaires between the hours of 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Ladies, beware! Some composite but tons are now made of gunpowder and camphor, and are of such an inflammable nature as to ' spontaneously combuBt' when the wearer approaches a warm fire. If you use composite buttons test them by rubbing them against cloth, and if they emeU strongly of CBmphor don't wear them. An English paper says t*;at iron exposed to very frosty air will, if touched by the naked hand, have exactly the same effect on the ekia as if it had been red-hot. The men employed on railways frequently have their hands blistered in this way durinjr frosty weather, and the blisters ere treated exactly as if they were burns. In the neighborhood of the Bermudas the sea is extremely transparent, so that the fishermen can readily see the horns of lob sters protruding from their hiding places in the rocks at considerable depths. To en tice the crustacean from the holes they tie a number of snails in a ball and dangle them in front of the cautious lobster When he seizes the ball they haul him up. Paper quilts are said to be coming into UBe among the poorer classes on the conti nent of Europe. In the panorama of Jerusalem and the Holy Land now being shown in London the spectacle is most impressive. The city of Jerusalem is depicted as it stood in the days of Herod, and the time chosen is the day of the crucifixion, at the time when Christ has given up the ghost, darkness is overspreading the landscape, and the veil of tbe Temple ie rent in twain. The whole scene is full of intense feeling, and repro duced with such force and power as to give the semblance of life and reality. Considerable excitement is displayed in Chicago over the question whether the World's Fair should be kept open on Sun days. Those who are in favor of Sunday opening assert that to many thousands of working people it will be impossible to see the exhibition if it is to be closed on Sun days. They «!»o argue that Chicago s con cert halle, theatres, dram shops, beer gar dens, and si rest railroads do their largest business on Sunday. The prent war between Chili and Peruis already undent history, but a traveller who has just returned from South America states that on the battle-field of Tarapaca the dead are still lying just as they fell. There were 4,000 of them, and nearly 1,000 hones are alto left unburied. It never rains at Tarapaea, and the sun has dried the corpBeB, and the nitrate in the soil has pre served them, and up on the plateau 5,000 mummies lie in ghastly confusion with the broken swords and bayonets as fresh looking as on the day of the memorable fight. A German inventor has devised a means of producing a light superior in strength to either oil or electricity. It is by the means of air driven through pumice-stone, the latter having been impregnated with ben zine. The benzine gas thus obtained is then carried through a fine magnesium powder, and proceeds upward through a pipe to be consumed in a small flame of a claimed 400,000 candle-power. The apparatus for producing this light consistB of a blast engine for driving the air through the pumice, and a number of other accessories, all of which take up but a small space, and which are enclosed in a glass case for pro tection against the elements, as the light is especially designed for coast illumina tion. The Audit Commissioners have forwarded to the Government a statement whioh shows that the defalcations of Mr. J. J. Hannah, formerly secretary and steward of the Parkside Lunatic Asylum, amount to about £160. This officer was suspended some weeks ago during the time when the Playford Government were in power. The matter has been brought before the Cbief Secretary, who is the head of the depart ment, and is now in the hands of the law officers of the Crown, who will probably take action in the law courts at an early date. — Advertiser. The King of Siam has just had a pavilion of glass built for himself by n Chinese ar chitect, the material for which wa6 fur nished by a French company. Walls, floors, and ceiling are formed of slabs of different eorfs and thicknesses of glass joined by im permeable cement. By one door only can the King enter, and this closes hermetically when he comes in and ventilator valves in tall pipes in the roof open, ae does also a sluice beside a large reservoir in which the glass house stands. The transparent edifice then becomes submerged, and the King thus finds himself in a cool and perfectly dry habitation, where he passes the time eing inir, smoking, eating, and drinking. A great bridge across the Mississippi ie shortly to be opened at Memphis. It will be the first to span that river below the Ohio, and is built at the identical spot where De Soto discovered the great stream. As it is also the intersecting point of all the great Western railroad systems, except of the Vanderbilt roads, it will possess both his torical and commercial interest. The trains hitherto have been taken across on steam ferryboats. Invitations have been sent to many prominent persons to be present at the opening, and if the water in the Mississippi will permit, a representation from the American navy will take part in the cere monies. Speeches will be made at the spot where Calhonu uttered in 1845 his prophecy that at this point would cross the great transcontinental highway. * 