IJtttaa&nral; ijilmovL. SUNDAY, JULY 3. Acts i. 1-12.. The Ascension of Christ. Golden Text (Acts i. 9).—' When He had. spoken these things, while they beheld, He was taken up ; and a cloud received Him out of their sight.' During the time which elapsed be tween the Resurrection and the Ascen sion— forty days — Christ showed Him selr alive. He did not appear continu ously among His disciples as before, but. from time to time. This occasional appearance was what might have been, expected. His body, it is true, was the satne as before, the body born in Bethle hem, wearied again and again with toil, crucified on Calvary, buried in the garden-tomb ; but it had undergone a mysterious change. It was now a I ' spiritual body.' I The things of which He spoke to them, were those 'pertaining to the kingdom. I of God,' that kingdom which He had I preached, which He had established in I His precious Blood, and for the spread of which He now gave directions. The work of preaching and extending that kingdom was now committed to His dis ciples. But they were not to hurry off without receiving necessary qualifica tions. They had been told to go 'into all the world,' but before setting out they were to ' tarry in the city of Jeru salem.' ' Wait for the promise of the Father.' What a rebuke of restless im patience have we here! Waiting is a religious duty as well as working ; pray ing as well as preaching ; taking in as well as giving out. That for which they were to wait was the Holy Ghost; the promise of the Father. See ii. 33 ; Joel ii. 28 ; Matt. x. 20 ; Luke xxiv. 49 ; John xiv. 16-26.. I Although the Lord spake to them of I the kingdom of God, j THEY DID NOT UNDERSTAND. 1 Like multitudes of their countrymen, i they were hoping for a restoration of the 1 glories of the times of David and Solo- 1 mon, but on a more extended scale. 1 Patriotic Jews longed that the yoke of Roman power over them might be broken, and that they no longer might be in bondage to any man. Hence the question, ' Wilt thou at this time re store again the kingdom of Israel?' (verse 6). The Lord did not directly correct their- mistake. That he left to experience, and to the work of the Holy Spirit, who would teach them. But he did tell them in effect that practical and present duty was their business, rather than seeking to learn the hidden things of the future (verses 7, 8). THE ASCENSION. The Ascension was, in a sense, the completion of the Resurrection. It set the Divine seal on all that Jesus had done and said. It was the entrance of the great High Priest into the Holiest. It was an assurance to His people of the Saviour's realisation of that joy to which He had looked forward, and in which He would have them also to be glad. Yet 'out of their sight' was sorrowful. Hence tjiey stood gazing up towards heaven, as one might stand upon the shore watching the departing vessel bearing away a friend, until the ship be comes a black dot upon the horizon, and then is lost to view. Comfort, however, was ready for them.. Angelic beings, like men in white clothing, spoke to them of a return. ' This same J esus shall so I come in like manner as ye have seen I Him go into heaven.' Since that day, the Church has not ceased to pray, 'Even so come, Lord Jesus.' They had, also, another consolation. They had learned from Christ of that ' other Comforter.' Therefore, in accordance with His word, they went back from Olivet to Jerusalem ' with great joy,' as St. Luke records in his Gospel narrative (Luke xxiv. 52). The future was full of light. 'He is gone : towards their goal. World and Church must onward roll ; ' Far behind we leave the past ; Forward are our glances cast ; Still His words before us range Through the ages, as they change ; Wheresoe'er the truth shall lead, ? ?? ? He will give whate'er we need.' 