The Highland Society. ——♦—— ADMIRERS OF ROBERT BURNS. Last evening the 133rd anniversary of the birth of Robert Burns was celebrated by the Bathurst Branch of the Highland Society by a banquet in the Masonic Hall. There were about forty of the admirers of the great poet in attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. G. H. MacDougal, and vice-chair by Mr. G. Farquhar. A spread of first class con- dition had been provided by Mrs. Firth who deserves credit for the appearance of the tables, and the variety and quality of the edibles provided. Due attention having been paid to the good things pro vided, the toast list was entered upon. Apologies were received from Rev. Dr. Geekie, Mr. Charles McPhillamy, and Mr. J. B. Suttor. The toasts of the 'Queen' and 'Governor' were duly honored. In proposing the toast of the evening — ''Burns,' Mr. W. Ferrier, Hon. Secretary to the Society, said : — To-night we are met, as so many brither Scots throughout the world will be, to pay homage to the name and memory of Burns. This evening we celebrate the one hundred and thirty third anniversary of the day when A Blast of Janwar' win' Blow hausel in on Robin. I have no doubt that the events of the poet's short life are familiar as household words to some of you, I therefore crave your in dulgence while I as briefly as possible touch on some of them. Robert Burns, the National Poet of Scotland, was born on the 20th of January, 1759, in a clay 'biggin' ' near the 'Auld Toon' of Ayr ! and not very far from Alloway Kirk and the Brig of Doon which localities he has immortalized in his imperish- able poem of Tarn O'Shanter, and to this day they are shrines at which pilgrims drawn from the ends of the earth pay homage to his worth. His father was a man of stern and unflinching integrity, and gave his son a good example of religion and virtue. From his father, the poet inherited his vigorous intelligence, and melancholy temperament, while from his mother he derived his joyous bursts of vivacity, and his exquisite sense of the ridiculous. At an early age, Burns was sent to school and sooner than ordinary became an excellent English scholar. He had another teacher who busily prepared him for future greatness — an old woman — Betty Davidson, who was a perfect storehouse of old ballads and legendary tales, and who filled the young mind of the poet with stories of witches, warlocks, ghosts and fairies. In 1766, when Burns was seven years of age, his father took a lease of the small farm of Mount Oliphant in the parish of Ayr, but this was an imprudent step, for alter ten years of incessant toil, thrift and anxiety, the family had again to remove, in 1777, to the farm of Lochlea in the parish of Tarbolton. The poet's fifteenth year is notable for the production of his first lyric, and as we should expect the theme was love. While working as a farm laborer at Mount Oliphant, he had as his assistant in the harvest field a bonnie, sweet, sousie lass, by name Nelly Kilpatrick. His sensitive heartstrings felt the thrill of the first touch of love, and those heartstrings being touched gave forth music — the music of his first poem — ' My handsome Nell.' Up to the year 1777 Burns' life had been one of in cessant toil and hardship. Reverting to this period when he had suddenly become famous, the poet summed up the utter weariness and seclusion of the life he had passed, in two terrible phrases — the moil of a galley slave, and the seclusion of a hermit. Up and afoot in the fields early, out and about the livelong day, at the ever varying toil of a farm laborer, home dog-tired as the twilight deepened after sundown, from year's end to year's end, clad in the homeliest raiment, nourished by the poorest diet, sleeping at night in a garret under the farm house thatch, up into premature manhood so over- weighted with care, and so worn with toil that he suffered more or less habitually from profound fits of melancholy, still in the midst of his sordid surroundings hopes started to life in his heart and dreams in his imaginations. At the age of 19 he had written several love songs and satiric verses, and had sketched the outline of a tragedy. In 1781 he was enrolled as a Freemason in the St. David's Lodge at Tarbolton in his 23rd year. About this time, by happy accident, he read the Scottish Poems of Robert Ferguson, when he began to awaken to the stirrings of ambition. The poems served to rouse him to a sense of his own dormant capacities, and he com menced to pour forth in astonishing abun- dance effusions of his own by which all our other song-writers have been utterly eclipsed. On this point Carlyle says : — ' It will seem small praise if we rank him as the first of all our song-writers, for we know not where to find one worthy of being second to him.' After his father's death in 1784, the poet and his brother Gilbert took a lease of the now famous farm of Mossgeil, which will ever be associated with the purest and brightest period of his poetic development. Here the farmer- poet lightened the toil and fatigue of a laborious life by giving free vent in verse to whatever touched his heart or jarred upon his nerves. Tenderness was the key-note of his nature. The loves, the griefs, the hopes, the fears of his fellow mortals he sang of in turn and with his whole sympathetic heart. Take such pieces as 'The Jolly Beggars,' 'Halloween,' and 'Man was made to Mourn,' as examples of this. His warm heart is in sympathy with nature, so that the daisy falls not unheeded under the plough share ; nor the ruined nest of that 'wee, cowring, tim'rous beastie,' cast forth after all its provident pains to 'thole the sleety dribble and cranrench cold.' So, on the other hand, when his indignation is aroused it can only find relief in biting satire. His earliest repute in Ayreshire as a writer was distinctly and pre-eminently as a satirist. The earliest copy of verses put into circulation in manu script among his neighbors was his scattering sarcasm, 'The Twa Herds.' Then came ' The Holy Fair,' 'Holy Willies Prayer,' and 'Death and Doctor Hornbrook.' From the date when these withering satires began to be shown about, Rob Mossgeil was a marked man in Ayreshire. His indignation also produced 'Dweller in yon Dungeon Dark,' 'Scots wha has wi' Wallaces Bled,' and 'MacPherson's Farewell.' Meanwhile affairs were rapidly going from bad to worse at Mossgeil, and he was becoming involved in financial difficulties. To complete his misfortune, obstacles were put in the way of his marriage with 'Bonnie Jean' Armour. In despair, and to carry him from his ruined home at Mossgeil, and his ruined love at Manchline, he determined to emigrate to Jamaica. To raise the necessary funds, Burns determined on the publication of the first, or Kilmarnock, edition of his poems. When the poet was 27 years of age, this edition appeared with the dazzling lustre of a meteor, but with more than a meteor's existence. The price for non-subscribers was 6s per copy, and now, after a lapse of over a 100 years, a copy of that book with its gray paper covers, cannot be bought for considerably over its weight in gold. And now occurs a scene which sheds a pleasing light upon a gloomy path. Through the intervention of Dr. Laurie and the blind poet (Dr. Blacklock) Burns was led to turn his thoughts from Jamaica to Edinburgh, where was issued the second, or Edinburgh, edition of his poems. This publication brought him a taste of fortune. Burns' appearance in the capital was like that of a comet. For a Reason he was the lion of Edinburgh. His conduct under this blaze of adulation, has been justly regarded as the best proof of his real vigor and integrity of mind. He conducted himself with the greatest propriety and independence. I cannot help here quoting a verse on his meeting witn Lord Daer : — But, till I for Hogarth's magic pow'r, To show Sir Hurdle's willyart glow'r, And how he star'd and stammer'd, When goavan, as if led wi' branks, An' stumping on his ploughman shanks. He in the Parlour hammered. Burns always cherished a painfully pleasurable recollection of this brilliant season of triumph. When it was all over Burns sums up its gains and losses, and meditates on the future. He knew the ground he was standing on. He trusts to no patron, but prefers to be self helped. He accepts the position of Excise- man and leases the farm of Ellisland, and hopes in the near future to rise into something like opulence and leisure, and thus secure the dream of his life — 'a life entirely devoted to the muse.' Dying in 1796 his tomb became his throne. Eighteen years had his fame, like a rolling snowball, continually aug- mented, when two gentlemen stepped forth to erect a monument to his memory. Their names deserve record. It is to William Guerson, of Baitford, Dumfrieshire, and Alexander Key, of London, that the memory of Burns and the public are indebted for the beautiful and chastely designed mausoleum erected to the memory of Burns in Dumfries. An inscription was deposited in the first stone, of which the following is a translation taken from an old print, dated Saturday, February 28, 1824 :— In perpetual honor of Robert Burns, decidedly the first Scottish Poet of his age, whose exquisite verses in the dialect of his country, distinguished for the strength and fire of native genius, more than for the acquired accomplish ments of polish and erudition, are admired by all men of letters for their humor, pleasantry, elegance and variety ; his townsman and others who love polite literature and cherish the memory of so eminent a genius, caused this Mausoleum to be eroded. over the mortal remains of The Bard. Of this edifice planned by Thomas F. Hurst, of London, architect. The first stone was laid by William Miller, Esqr. Provincial Grand Master of the Southern District of Freemasons in Scotland, in the reign of George III, during the regency of George, Prince of Wales, Joseph Gass, Esqr., being Provost of Dumfries, on the 5th day of June, in the year of light 5815, of our Lord 1815. Since then many monuments have been erected in honor of the poet, but his memory lies enshrined in all our hearts a far nobler mausoleum than any of marble. His poems and glorious songs will never pass away from the memory of man. His poems were poured forth in the merest intervals of his daily toil. Never in one instance was he permitted to grapple with any subject in the full strength of his genius. That gem of gems 'The Cotters' Saturday night' was composed while out walking on a Sunday afternoon with his brother Gilbert, to whom he recited it during their walk. 'Death and Dr. Hornbook' was composed by Burns while on his way home one night from the lodge meeting. 'To a Mouse' and 'To a Mountain Daisy' were composed while actually toiling at the plough, and 'Tam O'Shanter' was composed in one day. Professor Cromek, the antiquary, on learning the above fact from Mrs. Burns expressed his astonishment and declared it to be the best day's work since Bannockburn. Need we wonder that his memory is kept green ? But the true poet never dies. Burns was a mighty gift to 'Puir Auld Scotland.' He filled a gap in her poesy, and left charms to be enjoyed for generations, aye,' centuries. But he was human. His genius — that Heaven born gift— we admire, his errors were deplore. The gift must he accepted with its conditions ; and as to our judgment in such matters, he himself has left us a caution : — Then, at the balance let's be mute, We never can adjust it ; What's done we partly may compute, But know not what's resisted. Shall we deny the glory of the sun because there are spots on his face, or cease to admire the silvery beauty of the moon because there are shadows on her brightness ? No ; neither shall we fail to admire the genius of our ploughman poet, or consign to forgetfulness the name and works of Robert Burns. Scot land wept for him : Scotsmen still mourn for him and regret the hard life, the struggles and trials of their illustrious countryman ; and even in this distant land we can still say We'll a' be proud O' Robin. I ask you gentlemen to give a bumper to the memory of Burns. Mr. McDonald then proposed ' The Land we Live in.' In doing so he said it so happened that the birthday of the Scotch national poet and that of New South Wales come very close together, to-morrow being Anniversary Day. New South Wales, like older countries, had its darkest day at its beginning, and no colony ever founded has had more to con tend' with than ' The Land we Live in,' but through the strict discipline and firm- ness manifested by her earlier governors the many difficulties were surmounted, and from the year 1842, when constitu tional government was granted, the colony has prospered rapidly, in fact, no country ever made such marked progress in a single century, from a barren land in which not a blade of corn had been sown to the prosperous New South Wales of to-day, with her hundreds of thousands of acres under cultivation, her sheep numbering 39,169,304, horses 361,663, and cattle 1,367,844 ; in fact when they went into sta tistics they possess nearly one half of the live stock of the group of colonies, the numbers being 41,108,387, valued at £24,004,825, with a yearly productive power of about 9,038,672 annually ; add to this £3,943,645 worth of agricultural produce. This is exclusive of timber, tan bark, poultry, bees and the skins of wild animals, and the produce of several minor industries. With all the blundering land laws and blundering legislation this is a splendid record. The mineral wealth of this country is beyond estimation, being yet in its infancy. Droughts, depressions, seasons of scarcity and seasons of plenty, have had in the past and shall have similar expe riences in the future ; but, all things con sidered, progress had been marvellous. The conditions of life were highly favored and the opportunities exceptional in the world's history, and the promises of the future are as bright as the achieve ments of the past ; there is ample room and sufficient food in this country for the sustenance of hundreds of millions of the human race in comfort and plenty. The natives of the soil have proved them selves worthy representatives of the races from whom they have sprung; and Scotland has reason to feel proud of her Scotch Australians. Mr. John Boyd, junr. responded, and thanked Mr. McDonald for the kind remarks he had made about his country. He did not think there had been any exaggeration respecting the advancement made both in civil and commercial life. He did not know how many sheep (A voice : Nor Scotchmen either — laughter) there were, but he could honestly say, without boasting, that they could claim to be equal to any country on the face of the earth. Mr. W. H. Hudson proposed 'Our Native Land ' (Scotland). He failed to see why he had been chosen for this toast as his only claim to being Scotch was his possession of a Scotch wife, of whom he was proud. He had found that it was hard to gain their friendship, but when once gained they proved to be friends of the right stamp. He went on to refer to the advantages peculiar to Scotland and to the Scotch people. Mr. Train responded, claiming for his native land, everything that was good, noble, true and patriotic. Mr. J. B. Graham proposed the 'High land Society.' The importance of such a society was seen in the attendance that evening. He admired the society which had neither political nor religious signifi- cance to divide the people. The good fellowship of the Scotch was known the world over, and they found that in every part of the globe, the leaders of all classes of society were Scotchmen. It was from the love of clans that the word clanishness originated. This word had now special reference to the Scotch, but in this country no clan was known. They bound themselves together as Scotchmen, and in a society with which they were that evening connected they had one in which the true brotherly love of man to man was shown. Apart from the good fellowship and social feeling which was created at these gatherings, the society was able to dispense charity, and this was done with lavish hand. Mr. Farquhar, in responding to the toast said that he had done this for seven years, and could only go over the same again. He referred, in appropriate terms, to the recent death of the late Sir John Hay, and said that by his death the Highland Society had lost a standard bearer. He had always taken a prominent position in connection with the parent Society in Sydney. He went on to refer to the benefits that the Society was able to bestow on those in need. He hoped that they would be able to devote their means to better advantage than they had done in the past. They had assisted 'Sundowners' and others, and no return was made. They had given amounts to strangers as loans, but only in one instance had the amounts been re- turned. This was the case of a man who required to go to Nyngan. He not only returned the amount advanced, but 30s as interest within six weeks of the time. The toast of 'The Lassies,' by Mr. J. Mackay was responded to by Mr. Charles Boyd. That of 'The Press,' proposed by Mr. W. W. Young, was responded to by representatives of the Free Press and Times. During the evening songs were delivered by A. Pringle, W. R. Train, G. H. MacDougal, Dr. Kirkland, W. H. Hudson and J. Silcock. These had been apportioned places on the programme, and when the toast list was ex- hausted, the hour being early, the company decided to continue the harmony. A number of other songs were rendered, the one most worthy of notice being that by Mr. Cameron, in Gaelic. The company appreciated the song which, we might mention, was without ac- companiment. Mr. Walter Naylor acted as accompanist during the evening. 