A GHOST TASK. I have often been asked if I ever saw a gboctr id have always been obliged to answer that I never did, although I have been given eveiy facility for interviews with uncanny folk. £ never saw anythiuff that I could notaccountfor in a natural way, but when-it oome tohearicg a ghost, 1 can truly say that 1. have had a peculiar and not altogether agreeable experience. Some incredulous person may ssk, here, howlknnwthe sound-1 heard was made by a ghost I can only say that the same psychic force that conveyed the warning sound to ay bodily senses compelled me to accept it fiom the supernatural world, t am sure in my own mind that a third recurrence of that unl-oly noise would have seriously injured me in some wav. I have passed tl rough perils by fire and flood, but never felt myself in t.uch terrible danger as I did when that Thiug of sound enveloped me with its grimace of death. It came tome when I was happy and contented in mind, and with no thought of the supernatural hanging over me, andat an hour when the world'was flooded in sunshine, near the close of a balmy summer dar. . I was visiting a ooustn between whom aad myself existed a strong bond of liking, a natural regard that made us more than relations—dear friends—and it was wbiło 1 WAS at er house that something uuiuual and unacoquutable Occurred to me. I was writing a letter, sitting at a desk which had belonged lorov aunt, now de.eased. She, good womau, .had scribbled a little for fame, and this desk of hers was looked upon as a sacred relic in the family. '*You^aa write srpur letter on mother's desk," said my couMn Pauline: " but," i-be added, " that is a privilege we would unt give to everyone. Perhaps you will f«l souie inspiration there; I always do." Now, X had never liked my aunt, good woman though ahe was, principally, 1 ibiuk. because she did not .like me, but my inemorv of her waa neither pletsiugf nor inspiring. I had looked upon her as narrow and self-righteous. However, I was quite willing to sit at tbe rosewood. desk with its pretty entourage of writing materials, its bronze ornaments, and crystal paper-weight, from which tbe compost d features of Aunt Maria looked forth with photcgraphed distinctness. I had mylettor half finished, and paused *o look out on the western sunset through the bay window in front of me, when, bong! wmt comcthing like ań explosion ia the desk—a remarkable sound. I jumped to my feet in alarm, and looked at my otasin. who aat near me rendiLgcomposedly. " Did I you hear 1 that1 asked in trembling I did not hear anything," she answered quietly; " you are nervous, Myra." " Hut surely you heard that load noise in the desk?'.' "There is nothing to make a noise there," she said, and going to the desk she- threw oprii the cover and showed me the inside. No, there was nothing there. I recovered my*elf and presently resumedmy writing, thinking I had moved tbe desk in some way to cause the strange sound I heard. I began relating the incident ia my letter and was solely interested in telling it, when again there came a loud "bang" from the'lhside of the desk, exactly under the cover. It was so loud and resounding that I was sure Pauline must have heard it. .... -'This time.X.did.not jump up, but moved my. chairback quite suddenly. " What iait now?" asked my con in grolhtjmouredly. . Didyou pot hear it then P'. Haar.wl^.'.«ia*,l»4kł> r '.:.-vv ... . A loud nóiat -like'a report" in ths d^sk; 7 " Too ma-t have heard it. ' 'I wish you would not ba stnsaticnil, Myra," answered my cousin. "Trat desk it very sacred to me. My mother died nittutf Sen, and when we^oond her she lay with her head on the detk as if asleep. She sat in that myehajB,". Thtalknswss will as if I had seen her with my bodily eyes that by some mysterious -agracy my suint bad oome back from tbe dread vudmown to signify ber displeasure at mv sitting in her plaoe. And I took eood core that she was never troubled agsin. Not for world* would I have sat at the desk during the brief time of my shortened stay. I have been asked many times what tbe noise resembled. I can only an«wer that it waa like Dotting I had ever beard before, but it I c Mild imagine ths sound of a blow struck by a dead hand, I would compare it to that. It made every nerve conscious of its presence when it gave that ghqstly sraming. 