ABORIGINAL FOLK LORE. To THE EDITOR. SIR,-I have read with much interest Sir John Forrest's address to the Natural History Society, and also your leader, entitled "Aboriginal Folk-lore," in the WESTERN MAIL of October 8th. It is only natural that people of European descent, on first coming into contact with our aborigines, should feel that there was a gulf fixed between them selves and these filthy, vile ameling savage ; but living among them soon takes the edge off one's concert. We do not always bear in mind how short a time it is since we ourselves made bricks in Egypt." Dr. Jameson tells how that 300 years ago our ancestors believed as our aborigines now do-that sickness was caused by an evil spirit possessing the invalid. Shakespeare makes the Duke of Exeter say that the French, By magic verses hath contrived his (Henry the Fifth) read an opinion which is still an article of faith with our black brethren. ? My mother relates that in the Irish village where her childhood was passed, BO V Eagar would venture out at night after 10 o'clock, because of the ghosts who were in the habit of issuing from the churchyard, and protruding from about that hour till dawn and gruesome stories were told of the tragic state of certain foolhardy youths who essayed to participate in the evening's diversions. An exactly similar belief with its pendent story, is found among Australian aborigines. They also think that unconsciousness is do it, and it is quite usual to be told that such a one has been dead ; and idea which must have been prevalent in olden times. Every one has read the great historian Gibbaos' account of the Greek nobleman, who was willing to become a Christian if his friend, a Christian bishop, could produce a single person who had been raised from the dead, at a time when such an event was an ordinary religious ceremony. But nothing pleased me better than the remark in your leader on Aboriginal Folk-lore concerning the parallel between the stories of Cerberus and Wannamana, because one cannot observe these Singular people without being convinced that they have preserved, under unfavourable circumstances, that mode of life which reached its culminating point with, the ancient Greeks. And particularly is this manifest in all that relates to their music and weapons, which includes whatever among them is connected, however distantly, with art. It is doubtful whether all aborigines have as accurate an idea of the points of the com- pass as the Mage of Captain Stokes A Nor'-West blackfellow, sent by sea to Fremantle, told how on landing he found it almost impossible to walk, as the ground rose and fell as the sun had done. Staggering thus be himself said to the other salt inside of him you must be drank,' where- upon he felt very much ashamed. Presently his innermost self recovered sufficient nerve to retort, You can't be drunk, you've had no grog.' This was consoling, but it did not help him to walk any better. After a while he began to look about him, and to ! there was the sun setting in the East ! He felt sick with fear. It was Ginkin. Ginkin, he explained, was the name the Perth blacks called him but in his country ' he was called Mart. More, be continued, was often visible in the form of a white owl. The white owl was not More he had often killed and eaten them ; but no blackfellow would kill an owl in whom Mort resided. Here is another link to bind them to the Greeks. in the Old Testament mention is made of a bird, which the translators called the ostrich, who neglected her young, and left her eggs in the sand to be hatched by the san. The ostrich, in consequence, got a bad name for a time, but has long been known a as a vigilant parent. The charge is true, however, against the Australian pheasant or grow. Was Australia known to the Phoenicians ? II to the Chinese, why not to share ? During a residence of many years among aborigines I have made only a very small collection of stories and a short list of words, yet I cannot reproach myself with indifference to the subject. The strongest impulse of our common human nature is to give to those who have, and to withhold from those who have not. Most of the outlying settlers come from colonies where the black brethren are only to be seen at mission stations, surrounded with comforts which a pioneer recalls with envy, or as a rare specimen on the platform at a missionary meeting. Therefore, as they J- -it;_e_ know nothing they can extract nothing from their sable neighbours, who are wide awake to the advantage of being able to speak in a language unknown to those who have become their masters. If the West Australians, thoroughly acquainted as they are with the language, customs, and legends of the aborigines, would commit that information to paper (not in an expensive book which places it out of the reach of those who would derive the most benefit from its per- usual) and supply those living among the blacks with it, a flood of light would be thrown on a subject surrounded with much darkness and many difficulties. If such a body as the Natural History Society would take the matter up, much would be done. There are many persons in our district with a good knowledge of the aboriginal language who would willingly write what they know, if any useful purpose were served by so doing. Permit me to give an instance of the value of previous knowledge. While reading the interesting legend Wannamarra, I remembered that the word, or name, occurred in a song which the inland natives sing. At that moment a black girl appeared. She was asked, Who is Wannamurra ? She did not know never heard of him, her, or it. How than about the song, ' Doody Marra placed, Wan- namarra Guidi.' She smiled, shook her head, looked blankly, and said she did not know. A short paraphrase of the story was related to her. Then, per ceiving that the crowd eyes were plucked out, she smiled! very sweetly, and proceeded to disperse which all the charm and ease of manner characterises of her race. With a short apology for not understanding what was meant sooner, she gave her version, which naturally differed somewhat, ' here at the quiet limits of the world, from that told on the banks of the S win. lb his acquired a local character and become dessicated in our climate. Wannamirra is a wild dog, who lives in a country called Cqorbbolya, (abundance of poison which lies to the west never to tire east. He is rarely a l interior, (which, considering the name of the country is not to be wondered at but spends his time ringing eastward and westward inland and on the coast, seeking whom he may devour. He attacks black-fellows and dogs, kangaroo, everything, tearing open the chest, and eating the liver, merely causing death. My friend continued pointing to my arm-that the body, was nothing, no more than the clothes-that there was something inside which talked and laughed, and walked about. This something was the liver (and heart P) Yes, and heart (cost) too. Wannamarra (staff in the hind), tearing open the chest and abstracting the liver, caused the person, or animal to die ; the body fell to the ground like a barrack (skin-mantle) and soon became earth, even if not buried. The song related the experience of a meeting inland native) dying from want of water, while Wannamurra was tearing him to pieces to get his liver. She had never heard that the dead lived as an in Ceorboolya, but was glad to hear that they did. Mr friend had brought her "jewels" with her, and the toddlers, " Gladstone" and "Parnell," seized the favourable moment to explore the interior of my establishment, smearing the window pane with their dirty little hand-?, and threaten? Romulus and Remus, twin kittens, to the great distress of their small parents Little "Dillon," on his mother's back, finding himself over- looked, roared so loudly that he had to be drawn forth off the goods, and comforted with a gift of sugar, so further discussion of the subject was impossible. But I have the key now; and when my friend's spouse returns from a trip to the eastward, I shall hear the whole story with no doubt, with some original embellishments. The mental capacity of the aborigines is quite up to the average standard of civilized races ; they seem to have thought out every subject-, and to have arrived at the same conclusion on such questions as can be resolved as the rest of mankind and on those that are unanswerable they have called to their aid the same superstitions that human nature has ever leant upon. Nothing is more surprising than that with so much ability they have accomplished so little. This may, however, be safely attributed to the absence of cultivatable plants and domestic animals, and, above all, to the terrible yolk) of communism, which extends, as it must, if thoroughly carried out, to things mental as well as physical, so that if any among them shewed more than ordinary cleverness they were killed, lest they should dominate the others. It has crushed everything out of them but music, and-murder. Those who observe them with any attention can arrive at but one conclusion- Maelar Moonbang : Human nature the same, yesterday, today, and for ever ! Yours, etc., PIONEER. Israelite Bay, Nov. 9th 