Glen Innes to Inyerell. It was announced some days ago that the Public Works Committee had resolved to recommend the carrying1 out of the railway from Glen Innes to inyerell, provided that the 'cost of the work should not exceed £7000 a mile 5 that special local rates be charged until the railway paid -working expenses and interest on the cost of construction j and that the betterment principle be applied to the land served by the railway. This decision was reported by our telegrams to have been received with much pleasure at Inverell, j and, it may be remarked, that it should close a long- standing ministerial feud. During the viBit of Ministers to the north in July last, Mr. Ltne and Mr. See, at a ban quet at Armidale, declared for a railway from Inverell to Glen Innes, but Mr. Copeland, rising immediately afterward, said that he would do all that lay in the power of any man to get the railway from Inverell to Guyra (the longer route), and he would advise those favoring the other scheme not to be too sure. Apparently, the route for the railway, which was selected after due consideration, investigation, and surveys by the Public Works Com mittee, has been chosen in accordance with common Bense and in a direction that will nereaf ter give the Inverell district the best means of communicating with the north coast region whenever the latter is properly opened up. The Inveroll- Glen Innes line has 'this to recommend it, that it would be the shorter, and that by it In verell would have s^n outlet towards the Graf ton district, whereas a railway in the Guyra and Armidale direction would be considerably longer, 'and would not contribute at any time to a junction with the north, coast region. Besides this, it now appears it would run through less rich. agricultural land. It is to be hoped, consequently, that the Glen. Innes-Inverell railway will ,he got under way as soon as possible. The railway has been promised for twenty years, so the district cannot be reckoned one the proper service of which, would be a matter of rash speculation. At the visit of Ministers to the north already referred to the following table of statistics was read, giving tho estimated revenue from traffie the first year after the construction of a line to Glen Innes : Traffic inwards 1 6000 tons of merchandise at 12s 6d, J63750; 6000 passengers first-class at 11s 6d, JE375G ; 4000 passengers second-class at 7s 6d, .£1500 ; mails, .£500; miscellaneous parcels, £500; saving in maintenance of present road, j J23OOO ; total .£13,000. Traffic outward : 3360 tons of wool; 3200 tons of fat sheep, representing 80,000 head; '1000 tons of ' cattle, representing 2000 head; 5000 tons of wheat, representing 200,000 bushels; 1500 tons of maize, representing 60,000 bushels; 2000 tons of oaten hay and lucerne, 500 tons of potatoes, 500 tons miscellaneous fruit, wines, hides, tallow ; 1200 tons tin ore ; making a total of 18,200 tons at, say, 7s 6d per ton, amounting to JE6825, or a total for outward and inward traffic of £, 19,825 per annum. Add to this the in creased traffic brought on to the main trunk line, eay .£1980, making a grand net total income of JE21,8G5 per annum. Possibly this may have been somewhat over sanguine ; but that there should have been any basis at all whereupon to found such a statement shows that, as one speaker at Glen Innes put it, the projected line will differ very widely from those that do not pay for axle grease. At the clos9 of the inquest on the unfortunate people drowned by the capsize of the Iolanthe, the coroner, in his recommendation to the jury, showed his exact appreciation of the real cause of disaster, which is & thing that coroners very seldom do. The rider expressing strong disap proval of women and children being taken in half -decked boats, which upon his ad vice was added to the verdict of accidental death, was one thoroughly deserved, and one which it is to be hoped the public will mark. The rider of j which some of the -fury were, in favor declaring, that competent persons should be on every hired boat would have advised a regulation which, as waB shown yesterday, it would be very difficult to carry into effect, and which would doubtless be evaded both by hirera of boats, who would not wish to be looked after in a grandmotherly sort of way, and by letters who would not wish to offend customers and debar themselves from business. Such a rider, too, would have been an undeserved slur upon the man Charlier, who was in charge of the Iolanthe. A doubt cast upon his skill in boat sailing would very likely have made no particular pecuniary difference to him, but any man would feel deeply being blamed, even by implication, in connection with the drowning of seven of his fellow-creatures. There was nothing to show,- as the coroner observed, that Charlier was not competent ; indeed, from the evidence given, there is little doubt that his experience and training had made him as competent as most men who go boating in^ydney Harbor. He showed early in the ill-fated excur sion that he was carerol by his substituting the storm jib for the big jib, -and reefing his marasaiL The most competent and careful man in the world, however, cannot secure absolute safety for a partly open boat on & squally day, if he is ham pered by women and children and men not' used to, the water, and necessarily -clumsy in their movements and bungling »hen asked io assist, although they obey* commands to the best of their ability, and with the most perfect; goodwill. There is only one comforting reflection about the Iolanthe disaster, when the boat* s crew were thrown into the water those of them who could swim did their best to help the women, and those who could not, John McGregor, for instance* being actually drowned in the attempt to save ids litfUion. * What accounts for hardly one of the misBing having been seen above rthe surface after the capsize xb doubtlesB the fact that, at the time of the accident, the passengers were about equally divided, half sitting to port and half to starboard. In consequence of this division it will be understood that when the Injat turned over several unfortunates may have been caught under the saiL a position 'from which the most expert swimmer could hardly extricate himself without the greatest difficulty. The EingHton-Baker affair in Adelaide is being made almost van affair of state. The Attorney-General has taken the matter in hand and instructed' the police to summon Mr. Baker for inciting to commit a breach of the peace. It has been truly' said that the duello as a British institution got its deathblow when people began to laugh at it, and insisted on regard ing men who resorted to that mode of arbitration as merely absurd survivals ol a barbarous age While the custom still obtained, perhaps the most notable instance of the police interfering in a case demanding 'gentlemanly satisfaction ' was when Peel, who was then Irish Secretary— or at least had very lately been — challenged O'Con neli. The police somehow got wind of the thing, and both of the intending duellists were formally arrested and bound over to keep the peace. O'Connell's enemies asserted that it was he who had set the authorities on. It was with this idea, at all events, that the Irish Chief Justice O'Dogherty fired off what was. meant to be a killing sarcasm at the National leader. O'Connell was pleading before him. In response to a remark from the judge he interjected, ' But your Lordship, per haps, does not apprehend me.' ' 'Oh, yes- I do, Mr. O'Connell/' was the ' reply; 'no man, indeed, can be bo easily appre hended when you want to.' The sarcasm however telling at the moment was unmerited, at any rate as an imputation on O'ConnelTs courage There can be little doubt that he was personally brave. But among the cruel instances of ' the wound that honor feels' having to heal itself as best it could without the usual remedy, and through fear of the law, surely that of O'ConnelTs countryman the immortal Captain Costigan, may be almoBt considered as historic too. As readers of Thackeray will, of course, remember the captain when he sent a challenge to Major Pendennis entrusted it to the heavy tragedian of the company to which his daughter, Miss Costi gan — 'The Fotheringay' — ^belonged. But, as will also be remembered, the - tragedian shrunk back appalled as Macbeth, by the ghost of Banquo, when he (the tragedian) found himself in respect of the warlike missive of which he was the bearer, referred to an attorney who had a writ against ¥'*' for debt. The kanaka labor trade has found an earnest defender in the Times. The article alluded to comes from Brisbane, from the special correspond, ent of the Times, Miss Shaw. Consequently it purports to give the views of one who speaks from personal knowledge. The speaking or writing, such as it is, evidently leaves little to be desired in the way of emphasis, whatever else it may lack. The system of recruiting, it says, is above the shadow of reproach. The writer has never seen the white laborer so well off as the kanaka. He is pronounced more fortunate than the English laborer or factory hand. There are schools on many of the plantations and even regular concerts and sports provided. In her visits to the northern plantations the Times contributor has never seen dejected kanakas, or any instance of their being subjected to drudgery. The' article seems to conclude with what, as ad. dressed to an important section of the British public, might be considered as the most convincing argument of all, for it is an £ s. d. one. In other words^ it states that since the return to black labor the -plantations have commenced to pay. The most remarkable thing, perhaps, to note in this defence apology, or whatever else ,it may be considered, is the curious fidelity with which, in many respects, it echoes what used to be said long ago in England and America by the upholders of negro slavery. While the West Indian negro was still a bondsman that portion of the English pres8 which was in the interests of the slave holders used to draw the most glowing pictures of the happiness of the black man under such gentle masters as the West Indian planters. They were never weary of inviting contrasts between his assured and comfortable state and the semi bestial life which would have been his in his ' un housed free condition ' in the wilds of Africa. The English laborer, too, used to be occasionally dragged in. to point the same kind of moral, and illustrate the beauties of slavery. But it was in later days, when the slavery question had become a burning one in America,- that the English laborer figured oftenestasa supposed contrast to the well fed and, as it was asserted, well- contented negro slave. Miss Shaw has given a curious repetition somehow of that once familiar song. In fact, her article from Brisbane, to which the Times has apparently given so much prominence, is on the very face of it clearly the statement of a thorough, going partisan. Like most of her kind, she tries to prove entirely too much. But even if her assertions were as absolutely correct in every respect as they are exceedingly doubtful, they would still, as will have been observed, leave the real objections to the kanaka traffic unanswered. . ? ? — — ? it A contemporary says that Mme. Sarah Bern hardt has announced herself as a candidate at the earliest opportunity for election to the French Chamber of 'Deputies, further that Mme. Bernhardt has issu&d; an electoral address, in which she calls upon the Women's League to support the candidature of a woman for election to the Legislature of franco. This is doubtless more9 an advertising than a political dodge. Madame Bernhardt in this new role of aspirant for votes and interest cannot be regarded even as seriously as is Mrs. Belva C. liockwood the female candidate for the Presidency of the United States, who has been a theme for newspaper jokes at the last , two or three elections, or as was Mrs, v Victoria C. Woodhull{an eccentric character, now married for the second iime, and settled -down in Eng land), who used to aspire to the same dignity. Mme. Bernhardt has -throughout her life thought, most unjustly to'herself, that something beside her magnificent acting was neeesSary^ to keep lier name 1-efore the public. Partly with a view to getting herself talked about she ,has fiom^time to time perpetrated all Irinds of strange freaks. During the first exhibition' that was held after the war — '„ that in Marshal Macmahon'fl time — she need to, make repeated ascents in the captive balloon, which was the grasib, toy, lof that international, show, as theEiffel^Powerwasof the last one. Then she,, took to having her coffin ion inew in her^ JjtatauntfcaiKL to *qm»$jskm sLwplngia itt to m l * keeping strange and fearsome pete, as snakes; and tiger cats; to committing violent assaults on various imfortunates from offending waiters to- rival actresses; and now, as a fitting climax* she . pretends, to seek admiBBion to the Chamber of Deputies. It may be remarked that her opinion of the Chamber is pretty 'plainly shown when she professes to think that membership of it may be paraded as a desirable climax to an adventurous life -which has included to French , ideas such -wonderful feats as oposstun shooting in Victoria, and the reception of ^Father Neptune on board the. Monowai during a voyage -from San Francisco to Sydney. Of course Mme. Bernhardt cannot be elected to the Chamber, cannot enter it even if she got a majority of votes (which is equally impossible), and has n© desire to enter it even if she could, or to take the least part in politics* which she does not care about, and probably does not understand. Certainly her real sentiments in regard to public affairs are expressed by an answer that she made at the Mayor's reception here when some wiseacre remarked to her that of course she was a republican, and she replied that an artist had no politics. The sort o Frenchwoman who- goes in for politics is .quite a different person to our late theatrical visitor, either somewhat of a bine stocking like Madame Adam, the proprietress of the Notjve≤ Eevue, or a fanatic like Louise Michel who endured, transportation for her share in the Commune, and has undergone imprisonment for other semi-anarchical agitations since. If Mme. Bernhardt did by any chance get into the Chamber one trembles to think of the fate that would befall that already by no means too orderly body. There would have been a certain appropriateness in her being a member of the old National Assembly by which was constituted the present Eepublic. The National Assembly met at Ver sailles in the old Court Theatre, of which the boxes were still used for spectators only the stage being removed. The theatrical surroundings might have had an influence of keeping the lady member within bounds, and besides Versailles is twelve miles from Paris, and so the Parliament could hardly be invaded by the regular frequenters of the Porto Saint Martin Theatre anxious to sea and hear their favorite for nothing. About the Palais Bourbon, where the present Chamber of Deputies sits, there is nothing theatrical. Sarah would consequently have so influence to restrain her from making scenes, and would have a friendly audience to encourage her. It would be rude to call her to order, impossible to challenge her to a duel, and the guard could hardly be in etructod to drag her out, as has been done at one time or another with very uproarious Deputies. If Sarah were elected, say in the Conservative interest, and could sit, there would be nothing for it but that the Repub lican side should secure female champions to confront her, or else be reduced to silence and impotency for even Bernhardtfs deadly enemy, Marie Colombier, the authoress of ' Sarah Barnum,' would be a formidable counterpoise to her erstwhile fellow student at the Conservatoire, but the presence of the two would . hardly aid the maintenance of parliamentary language, or the most moderate degree of decorum. Then there is also to be thought of, Mme. Astie da Valsyre, the female fencer, who, at one time, challenged La Marechalo Booth, of the Salvation Army, to a duel, and Mme. Clovis Hugues, of whom M. Clovis Hugues, the Deputy, is the husband. The last named lady is remarkable for having some years ago shot a private detective in the ante-room of the Palais de Justice and killed him ; she could doubtless held her own on the field of honor. But these awful possibilities are really mere matter of idle speculation. The Berahardt candi date has, after all, very much the look of having originated in some skit printed at the holiday season, which has been taken seriously by a too literally-minded Saxon. 