HE WAS IN LUCK. A tall, dignified-looking gentleman stood facing an unoccupied house in a prominent West Side street the other day, closely scanning a large white sign which hung in the front door. The bonse was a handsome modern structure, two storeys high, and bad evidently been built by some -wealthy.-man for residence purposes, but was now adver tised as being "For Rents" The tall man bad just finished taking observations and jottiug down the owner's address in a small notebook, and was turning to leave, when a neighbour came aloug and pleasantly remarked: " It's a pity that a fine house like this should stand idle for such a long time." " Why, how long has it been idle?" " Well, the last tenant moved out two years ago, and the owner can't find another who is brave enough to live in there." " What's the matter with it T Danger of collapsing 1" " Oli, no. The house is built jsolid enough. The great trouble is that |> it's haunted." You don't say I" And-the seemed to grownnore inl-—At',5" • ' Every We" -• it's a fact. Every Wednesday Friday, just at midnight, the people'ln Use neighbourhood are startled by a Series ol wild, blood-curdling yells; and immediately after that two white figures appear at the upper windows. I've seen them myself;" and the good man shuddered as he thought of it. "Have you any idea what rental the owner demands for the v«iolo house!" " Yes, I heard him say he'd let anybody have it for five dollars per month." " Five dollars a month 1 Great Cwsnr ! but that's a bargain. Guess I'll take it before some other fellow gels ahead of me." " But wouldn't you be nfruid of living in a house infested with spooks 1" "Oh, I'm quite used to tliern. I ain'a spiritualist, and as I hold my seances evfcry Wednesday and Friday night, those spooks I will come in very handy. You'll excuse me, sir, while 1 go and see the ownor and sign a I lease for ninety-nine years." I And as he walked aft", he muttered to; himself. i "Fivedollnrs a month, and twofull-fledgcd I ghosts to boot I This js, indeed, a bargain." ] 