NOVEL. A Fair Blockade Breaker. BY T. C. DE LEON. ' CHAPTER IV. , ACCUSATION. ? . iTho 6now-flokos eif ted down noiaolossly ' ^ut l,ir8®r a°d faster; the . tread of tho X ? . Matry .was softened almost into silence and \\-tho. fire, now oruckliug merrily on the old be Wth, whirled the pparks tip the cracked ' ' ,v r chimnev. in dizzy dance. \- Carolyn Cwy sat iiko a statue, her chin :?;? ' re^ting on her hand, and her fade, now palo, .. . swppt by light oruhadow, as busy, memory ? ? sent each, from her. brain. ? I?9r the rencontre in'the general's tent had ?added other and far. different .thoughta to ? anxious memory and eager speculation on ? , .. th^ outcome, of.this ~ adventure,' r^the1 ? moat ; dangerops,, bo far, that all her ribky essays an a blockade-breaker had forced upon her. In all lor previous trumps, along tho Poto .i- ?? . ? «» mso trail — at* in her 4 bair-brt»adtb 'scapes'' -.r. . ... . ir-jm .patrol 'gun-boatH in crossing tho well watohed river — Mies OJay had escspcd cap ture. Indeed, had tho operetta been written then, she had certainly gained tho eobriquet of * The Mascotte/ from her good fortune. . ,, ? But ,now, added to tho danger of suf« .. pioion for a i,py was. the trial of a darling brother, loved .beyond expression of words, ; whose chances in hia ftruggle for life or death would be les&tned; by her delay. In the rapidly- forming coalB rose pictures .of a narrow cot in a hospital ward, a fevcr ? , burnedboy tofsing reatleesly upon it, and a stately form, worn by watching and anxiety ?. . ? ? ?,. to eemblance of itself, leaning tenderly over him, .smoothing tho hot pillow, wbilo the age-veined baud put the oooling draught to his lips. And the girl's fenEe could aotnally .. . ,uc»r mo woroa oi iervent prayer go Kp, L-. above the boy's fair hair, anon changed to . ©bwiing talk of Bister toon to come andbrinir rtllef. Ciuiokly, unconsciously, memory's camera had changed its slide, and in tho coals before her the picture was cf a gay ball-room of the previouti ycav. It was Now Year night; ?? and the roads frozen ; and Richmond's beat and her fairest were there, her bravesl aud tenderest. To a.dim Jnook, a stairway half hidden from the throng, camo subdued v hum .of distant voiceB, softened musio of a «. waltz. She. beard tho. very notes, — low, I sweet, and tremulous, — and her broathing kept time to thestiuin, — Lanner'a 4 Roman . ? tiker.' .'And to that rhythm there had kept 1 . . : time eager, earnest pleading of a strong, , ? v .. brave yoice, tempered by deepest feeling and resia less truth, aa it told anew 'the ? 1 old, old story/ A ihi'ver ran through hor lithe form.the ? ? - ? ? . .v tbitdr g coils of ruddy hair bent lower on hor breast, aa Carolyn Clay caw the woman in . the coals hesitate— half yield ; as she heard her Own voice, Bcarco protesting, give ite -.u' . solemn pledge to remember,— to cheri-th those words always; to wait until tho war WftB over, but to trust— until the death ! a groan burst from her quivering 1 pjj i the oheehs thac glowed— 6pite of cap n-' tivity and peril; tpito of watohhifr mrith^r Qnd fevered bairu — suddenly Ballowed, and the lips, thin. curved by scorn, presaed tight ly .on each other, aud a cruel light of dis dainful hato gleamed from the hot prav ?ye*. J Kr now memory ^hupered of that gray, bitter gloaming at head-quarters when the ? .hints. of men became oertainty. Kutnor ? cowing aa tlio wind oqidcb. 'whenco no man listelh— oropt through tbe camps that he— Peyton Fitzhugh, their prido and b;a«t, though but three roonfhs returned from Europe to serve his State— had ridden out of the lines without If: five aud 'was heard of no . . ? morel Then — worse than news of oEptur^1, — of death iteelf!— that he, flower of Vir ginian ohivalry, had deserted. .shame, tho hidden horror of it! None dreamed of his plighted love, of hor half-plighted (roth ; but Carolyn Clay camo . ... of a Iiuo to whom their own disapproval was . keenest . of all reproach. And her btart \- baldened itself, even as Pharaoh's of old, r against tho man who hud batnitnrf br-r ? mdfee, himself,— worst of 'ill, his country ! Nor was room loft for doubt. Rumors, ? ? etrftnge d-iubt0, orept in at first ; then camu .. fliorics of disloyal work, with raiding Foder aud, last, Captain Charlton reported that, riding with a gty party from a farm hou»e frolio, he binmelf had teen tho traitor by.the'Fedcral offiner who ambupbed them. Charlton bad fired, in his flight, aud saw tho \- ^ 'till deserter reel in hi.« middle, blond fir am-. \- lag from hia brow, ; ua his K'ut.uoky hunter oltarbd.Uie . fonco and distanced pursuit. ' -?' And when this formal report was made at' ? bend* quartersi .with .name an^i date given, j^r&tair; fratk faco'of G/n^ral Stuart hud 'glb^n; .black aa nighr. Twico he advanoed . on. vCbayltonj, ready to Bpeak. Twice, by ... supreme effort,- bo controlled himself, strik ? in£. his fiat, upon the table at last, -and thundering-oat,— ' From this hour, let no man dare to I \ breathe tbe name of Peyton Eitzhugh in my ' command ! . Gentlemen, up instruot your troops. Remember, this is not a request, but an order, flee that it is obeyed I' ? 0o the grave of oblivion had olo'fid over ! tho. memory of him who had been Stuart's chosen soldier, hia knight exemplar. Eor Jeb Peyton Eitzhugh hud b«en as dead to *AA *1 ? U V.'. - A . .T_ wminuio no iuuug« uoay aoiimiiy /estered in tho. grave, with the atako of auperslition driven through it. jThua the fair girl sat^'anil thought the night a'wny, its minutes gliding swiftly on, as though heir fancies had been sweet ; tho snow falling without, faster, deeper, more eileutly; tho thud of tho sentry's foot-fall less and less distinct. And tho fire-flame fliokered, grow dull, tho brush-branohes ? falling into ooals, fast graying into ash. . But she never movod, only the ohsngeful flit of feeling over hor features telHng that she ?till waked and thought and suffered, even * while, tbe.fertile brain formed plan after Elan for eso^pe, eaoh quiok-dismissod no opeleaa. . Out in the dim, misty edge of snow-drifts, out by a olump of trees pome dozen yardB Mway from tho hut, a shadow lurked. Once —again it moved, dim, noiceles*, flitting ns «i ghost. Then, as the sentry turned away, beating his atms and Bbif ting hie carbine to keep down the enow-cramp,- the shadow glided forth into tho 'hazy lk'ht. Swift, noiieleis, direct it sped upon the trooper's Jraok. Nearer it drew, -r-noarcr still ; a , . sudden spring, and . &n; iron arm bad oiroled Jtiifl throat, a sudden wrenoh had t^rn the oarbino from hia £?&»p. Deadly still, but in deadly strain, tho two strong men tugged some BccondB. Then tho shadow's arm relaxod , the trooper — limp, inert, helpleaa— slid from that death-like yrip and sunk motionless upon the snow. The hinges of the crszy old door creaked ominously, an Carolyn Clay tarncil her head. An instant later, she stood ereot, defiant, as tho smouldering brush fifishod into flume beforo tho draught. 1 How dare you— coward P' Low, dear, but almost in & hiss, carao the ffoida from the pale woman. * Hush !' the man answered, in a voioo so hollow sho scarce recalled it. 4 Betray yoursolf by any noiao, and we both are lost. I com© ? ' 1 Peyton Eitehugh ! Ieare me this instant, or I ouil the guard 1' She drew up to her fall hftiahfc. noioHncr tn tho door with nrm swaep of a queen. 4 Tour very preaonce would he insult to any Virginian woman ; to rao it is disgrace !' 'Listen!' the mnn answered, in bourne whimper. * TLli.k what you will, but, for Qod's sake, hear me. I have jast left tbe general. He is angered, vcngcJnL Ho knows all, — your real name, your attach ment to Stuart, your mission to the rivet ? ' 'Andyuu tola him T — tho ooorn in her voico was iufinite. — 'Ton 1' ? I oomo to save you,1 ho answered, rapid ly, the great effort to bo calm only betrayed by heaving ohfst, and nails thac dug into his olinohed hands. 4 Vilify, despise rao as you must in thought, but wasto no time in words. You remember that night ? 'Women Uko you forgot no more than men like mo. Then I swore to serve you to tho death. — Stop ! I know what you would say ; tho gulf between us, — tho thamo, — tho horror ! Oh, God! Carolyn, do not atop for that! Your life— your honor — ruy worthless fe not counted— all rest an one singlo instant now ! Come ; you are freo !' . Something in tho strong, low-spokon words, a will hera could not combat, forced *.bo girl to listen, even while she shuddered and shook her hoad. Then, .-.a the man cogerly, pleadingly, held out his hand, ohe dfew. back, hor own self once more. ovi.tsp orck ; enc criea, wuu. uueuiug *yes.: JTou are lying' to me ! — lying' for } our rovenge ! He who oould botxay hiB country. would not eoruplo to betray a help Iw-h vroman. ' A. shadow of agony unspeakable swept fl)r mmi'si face, and his lips opened . as if to ppefck. Bat a mighty effort olofled them again; and ho answered only with pleading gesture, to .the-door.-. /Lsave me !' tho woman said, low but imperiously. 4 Go ! or I call tho gnard !' * Bittor, bard as you are,' the man ans wered, calmly, but with laboring breast, 4 your pride will luin all. Miss Clay, by every memory of the past, — by tho grave of my dead mother, — I swear I speak the trnth. In the cops* yonder stands my horse. The senary is — —powerless. Au hour's ride brings you to roads you know ; sunrise sees you eafe with Confederate oavalry. By my rOtil, I swear I speak only truth.' t InA -IM T tmnf uon ? - 4 Yer., 1 iinow,' ho interrupted, eagerly, almost happily. 4 If you do, it is not tha you hate — despise me leas, but that you must use such vilo means for — tho cause ! Will you come?' Again ho extended bis hand, entreating. Again tho woman drew back, with a shud der. * Oh, God ! Dare I trust this man V burst from her ii--B in half-aob. 4 Yon can !' he whispered, etgerly. 1 You ctm trust me as you oould Evan, for your own sake, — for your oauae,— for little Fair fax !' 4 You know f' Sho stared at him. 4 Yes, X know.' Ho hetitated- an inat.mt, adding, almost fiercely, * It is tbe spy's bn&ineHS; — the traitor'a — to know all. Poor littlo Fairfax !'— again his voioe softened to infinite tenderness, — 4 he will die — you will murder him — unless you use these means to save. An hour's ride and you aro free, sr.fe among friends.' With something like a sob, ho finished, raiding his hand tn push the damp hair baok /rum his forehead. The embers fUokervd into blizo again, throwing full light upon bis face, and the woman — hesitaut till then — again drewbaok, shuddering. 4 Au omen !' ahe cried. 4 That soar — Coin's brand upon your forohead— warns me not to trust tbo traitor !' He stated at her wondering. 4 Hypocrite !' she answered to the look, 4 1 too lmow all, — tbo swift Confederate brand upon yon, — Captain Charlton'* bullet marked—' * Obarlton !' A great amaze made his face blank one I iuslant. Then the name passed his lips, low, vengeful as a ourse. His breast roRC and fell, as he dashed his hat to his head, striding ono atep towards her. 4 Obstiuato, relentless !' he said, rapidly, in hollow voico. 4 Will you prove ficlnsh aR well? Carolyn Clay, I have eaid whatman daro say. Did I say one word more,— did I convince yoa, — then I should despise myself as you dtHpise mo ! I havo solemnly sworn to huto you, at risk of — of all that is left to mo,— -at rick of losing what a girl lifre you oould. never dream 1 A moment more, the relief oomen, and all is lost ; for I swear I will not let.va this hut alono ! No : do not answer : there is no timo. If your own honor is risked, — if your mother's heart is broken, — if littlo Fairfax dies for want of remedies his prideful sister might have won him, — then I call God to witness that tho sin is on your head !' The womnn'n bosom rose and fell ; words rut-hing to her lips died upon them ; she heard her own heart beating thunderous in her throat. 4 Come! For the pake of all dear to you, — oauwe, mother, brother, — come !' the man pleaded. 4 Vile, despicable as I am ia your i*yrf», lot me atone in part, by taving you— and Fairfax/ Tho pob Fo close to,. Carolyn Clay's lips burst through them. ' A great joy gleamed in the deep eycR of the traitor Virginian; and again — with obsecration piteous in its meekness— he held out his hand. ' .With bowed head, but quiok gosture of dissent, tho woman withdrew her own, half exteiided to take it ; but ehe 'pointed to the door, without a word. Into tho blinding drifts of snow, whirling and eddying now in the colder wind,pansed those two, ho carefully closing the door, to I hii'O all gleam from within. A few paces I through tho soft white carpet, then tho I woman drew back shivering, with what hod been a cry, but for his warning haud upon her arm. 4 My God ! You killed ? ' j 4,S-shl No! Corolyn, are you aohildP' Fitzhugh whispered. 4 One sound, and t.b6y aro upon us. Be a woman 1 Remember — Fairfax.' Again on swiftly and noiseleisly, to the skirt of woods, into its heart, through crisp, nnow-olad underbrush, out into the open, a hundred yards beyond. There stood a noble horpe saddled but untethered, a cavalry blankot wound about tho pommel to form a lady's seat. Ah Fitzhugh approaohed, the brute reared bis muzzle, about to wbinny, but was iilcnt at hia master's quiok touoh. 1 So-o, boy ! Steady, Cu&ter; !' IJo turned to the girl, who stared instinctively at. the name. 1 That is his name ; you must use it, for he knows no other. Nor does he know whip, or need spur. Speak to him as yon were hia mistress ; and he will oary you to safety and — freedom ! Let him have his head — ho fcnowa every foot of road— until day breaks Then you should bo at SoruggA's farm. Tako tho left fork there. An hour's gallop , should bring you to Rosier'* advance, Oolo- 1 nel Randolph in oommend. They are movipg straight for Harper's Ferry, to oat us off. ; Thoy are in our rear'— he hesitated au I instant, speaking very slowly, as the girl I staTed blankly at him. 4 ^ou understand ; ' thoy arc in our rear ; and thp {yenDraJ ^yilJ not strike them at Berkley's Crors-Roads, this morning, as ho expects. Now moan e.' The man's tone had ohanged from that ho had used in the hut. Perfoatly respect ful, he yet spoke in a voioe of oommand that swayed tho woman with a owise of power. Ho held out his hand. Without hesita tion she placed her foot in it, and was lifted lightly to saddlo, the reins easy in her firm graop, hor foot in the thoughtfully shorten ed Atirrup Then tbo man bared his head in tho blinding, driring snow, speaking with quiet deferonco her lover lorde bad. never, uoed to Britain's virgin queen : ? You underatand, Miss Clay ; let Custer go his own way until you strike Soruggs's. Then the left fork and Ro&ser;'e advance ? ' Ho paused, listening intently. 4 No time to lose : I hear distant oh.'.ngo of arms. The roliof is out. God speed you andsavo — your boy r Tha woman -sat motionless, wordless, as though she were in a dream and feared to wake and find it to. Suddenly ahe broke down, with a great effort half sobbing, — 4 Oh ! I — should — thank ? Oh I if ? ' 4 Huoh I' hu answered, eoftly, but with a great tremor in his voioe ; and his hand, in voluntarily stretched towards her, ohanged its dircotion and stroked carouingly tho tenttei, wet neok of tho horse, that rubbed its muxxle softly on his nhoulder. Then he turned away, — hesitated, — spoko : ? God ! girl, do not tempt me — oven for i sake of you ! — to sajwhatl sbould not, — must not ! Go, Carolyn ! go ! War ia un certain,— my lifo in unusual poril. It you hear I havo died th*3 spy's death, pray for tho soul you believe false to overy thing, the soal, that God in hoaven, looking on us now, knows truo ' — a half- aob bore tho words— 4 tc you !' The olank of arms oamo faintly on the wind. At hia touoh the horse moved softly on into tho snowy road, tho m&n; standing still, with bated head and oyea upraised. Then, when tho whirling eddieB hid tbo rider from his sight, that bold rider, that reckless soldier, that traitor Virginian, fell upon his knees and dropped hie face in his claspcd Soon ho roflo, with gesturo of defianoe to the now olear-sounding arms, turned into tho denser woods, and strode rapidly away. Five minutes later, the reliof reached the extra post at the hut. No sentry- chal lenged ; and tho lank New- England ser geant, advancing warily, stumbled over tho prostrate trooper, oouboIous, but siok and diz*y. Calling tho relief to advance, the ecrgeant raised tho supposed offonder, as he muttered tohtmself, — 4 Can't blamo him muoh ! Might myself, nuoh a nnnty night. But where in 'taraal thunder did ho git tho rum ?— Phew ! Chloroform!' CHAPTER V. X BAITIHOIIE WAR-PASTT. A brilliant and representative gathering, but not a large one, had assembled in tho bandftoniely-deoorated parlors of Mrs. Gil tnor Gray. That f air and gracious hostess— still among the mobt attractive of the Monumental City's sooiety leaders — was assisted in entertain ment of distinguished guests by two brilliant daughters, noted belles in that city, among whceo women beauty and refinement aro the rule. To both of these the Misses Westokeater — for tbe fair matron had solaced a sometime widowhood at the earnest pleading of Mr. Gilmor Gray, a noted club bachelor in auppoaed-to-be-impesviona armor — added travel, aooomplishment, and high culture of rare mnaical gifts. Miss B-«rie, small, bmnotta, and giqwmte, waa a balladisc second to none in that munic&l; centre ; and her interpretation of German songs, especi ally, taa repute j»c*rca attained by the perfeot mastery of her Erard piano, that showed under the strong, preoiso hands of her sister, blonde, imperious, stately, and Miss Westchester by grace of eighteen months' lapse. About those handsome rooms oomfortablr moved a oompany rurely distinguished, oven at a day when $he Btrong current of national eventa bore on it^the strongts', moat o:?l tured, and best-known men and women of the land. And close vicinoge to tho national capital added to some Baltimore reunions the glitter! of uniforms, military as well as diplomatic, and the glamour of great names. Indeed, durir.g tho war-titr.e, Baltimore societ? was unique beyond any in America ; and a broad, deo^p stream of sentiment — picketed on, one side by defiant, outopokeu feeling, on the other by prudence, eatraoUy, tact, and ceaseless watchfulness — flowed through the social oity, as dangerous and difficult to piss as the ne&r;*flowing Poto mac. But, if 4 tho despot's heel* was really pressing on Maryland's shore, it certainly seemed shod in slipper of velvet at hor o&pi-; tal of society and of commerce. For — BtJronghold of Southern sympathi zers, the 1 Babel nest,' as Washington held her to be— most of Baltimore's loading peoplo had taot sufficient to keep their tongues still, however active thf*y may have been otherwise in aid to struggling friend or relative beyond the border, n^wever mucn of disgust may, in many instanoon, have lurked beneath tho smile. Nover professing 4 loyalty ' as the word was then mistransla ted, these were wis© enough to repress all bhtirat hint of its opposite, well realizing that no good oould po?sibly result there from, while ono ohance word might mar all future possibility of usefulnees, oven whilo resulting in immediate hurt or danger. If not profound sooioty peace, there reigned at least a sooial truce, sensitive, un formulated, liable to rapture on slight occa sion ; for it might have boon of tho sooial situation then that was written,— Though yo conquor us, men of the North, know yo not What flerc?, sullen hatred lurlcs under the scar T How loyal was Venice to Hamburg, £ wot ! — How dearly tho Pole lore* his father the Czar I Yet under more than ono roof whioh oovered a family of the best old stook, overy heart in it beating in perfect unison with tho struggling Southrons, were received men ai]d women who widely differed in every publio matter, but were wholly congenial in cvory social one. And that taotful graoo which has ever been the ohief charm of Baltimore Booioty deftly rounded dangorous and troaoherous headlands of opinion, to glide safely into those neutral waters of simple social contact. iiixceptiona they wore, even in suon house holds, where tho fair Marylander had thought her ear profanod by courteous ad dresB from the Yankee, her hand polluted by bis sooial touoh 1 Such openly paraded their sympathies and sang aloud the praises of their dear ouos, self- exiled to do battle for the canoe they knew to be right, even as the first Crusaders battled for tbe Sepulchre ! And sotfieof these defiant fair ones— fortu- nately, though, in raro exception — defied all order, and regulation, prayerfully imploring martyrdom by -flaunting tho Confederate colors and— in at least two instances — wrap- ping themselves in adored Stars and B&rs;, in f ull publioity. As fearless as ihey were injudicious, some Baltimoreans not only brought suffering upon themselves, but wilfully nullified their chanoes to relieve that of thore absent ones whose oaute they so defended and revered. But the quiet 'nnd moro tactful set, while doing nothing to hurt their own oonaoienoe?/ yet kept on easy terms with those of differ ing political oolor. And who shall blame them if, at tho same time, thoy kept bye and oar alert for every ohange whioh might profit diitant friends, by readyband or open purse? For many of these, &Uo;, had their noxt of kin in. tho Southern army,— some as humble privates, some, again, high in rank and sending eoho .Qf their names beyond tho river for deeds of derring do. ? . (xp Bp OOBnE^MDBEp.) . ; J, 