LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, New Year's Day, 1892. To all save Londoners Father Christmas came in the guise of a reformed character. In- stead of the rain and slush associated with so many festive seasons during the past decade England this year experienced and enjoyed a hard hoar frost. It set in on the 21st, and changed the country into a silver fairy land, upon which a red sun shone mistily. The flooded fields became sheets of ice, over which hilarious skaters flew singing with comfort and joy. The keen air exhilarated one better than the finest champagne, so that when the short afternoons closed in and the merry party sat blinking round the fire in the dusk, it was gene- rally allowed that never, never had they known such a perfect Christmas. The frost lasted till Friday night. Then, as after the last) stamping round of "SirRoger" tired dancers were lapping " Good night" cups of hob and fragrant soup, the drip, drip, drip of rain was noted. Father Christmas had retired and taken the frost with him. Very different was the state of affairs in London during this delightful time in the country. For five days and five nights the metropolis was plunged in the gloom of a worse than Arctic fog. At times the darkness could almost be felt, it seemed so dense and drear and cold. The streets were filled with the hoarse shoutings of the drivers of vehicles which, preceded by torches, moved slowly and painfully along. Business came almost to a standstill, the theatres were empty, even the Telegraph's Christmas gusher failed to find a bright side to the picture. Fortunately, as have explained, with Christmas Night came the thaw, and Boxing Day proved fine enough to permit of any amount of winter sightseeing. What the aggregate of Christmas correspon- dence throughout the country totals there seems to be no way of ascertaining. In London, during the four days constituting Christmas, at the G.P.O. this year fifty million letters were dealt with, and a proportionate number of parcels, the additional lot of the latter passing through at this period being over a million. On one afternoon alone the number of parcels containing puddings filled 40,000 post- office baskets. The extra staff at St. Martin's for Christmas exceeds 4,000, but, not- withstanding, the sorting of the night mail of Thursday (Christmas Eve) was not got through till 3 p.m. the following day. No sooner had the heavy Christmas correspondence been got through last Friday than the ordinary mails for the Cape, India, and Australia had to be made up. Amongst curious Christmas parcels I see mentioned an open letter from a little girl to Santa Claus asking for "peace, hap- piness, joy, and (underlined) a bottle of scent." A bundle from Germany bore the mystic legend "Whenin a parils" (translated after a time "wearing apparel"), and a Nice florist ad- dressed a box of flowers "Hoping yourself and wife are well, from your old pal, B.A." Evi- dently the sender knew not English, and had rashly "copied this from his correspondent's letter, believing it the address. Another box of flowers labelled "Mons. Jacques, yours truly," reached its destination, the recipient being recognised as a prominent Regent-street, florist. Mr. Wontner says in his long career he has had no more harrowing task than that of convincing Captain Osborne of his wife's guilt. Finally the husband went down to the Bank of England, taking his marriage settlement with him. In the governor's parlor the captain carefully compared the signature "Ethel Elliott" on the settlement with that on the traced bank-note. They were identical. "Are you quite convinced?" asked the solicitor. Osborne could only nod. It seems on Friday Mrs. Osborne suspected the nature of the com- munication the judge had received, and paved the way for the discovery of the £50-note by confessing, or rather pretending to confess, to her husband that before their wedding an anonymous admirer had sent her £50 as a present. It was this fable cropping up when it did which aroused in the unhappy Osborne the first chill of suspicion. Up to that time his belief in Major Hargreave's guilt amounted to positive conviction. I cannot agree with the writers who excuse Mrs. Osborne on the ground that she was mad. If the contriver of one of the cleverest plots of modern times is to be dubbed crazy, who can we call sane? Dr. Trelat, of La Salpetriere, has written, I read, a clever work, on mono- mania, crotomania, jealousy, dipsomania, squandermania, and kleptomania. Whatever may be their infinite variety and dissimilarity these manias are, he says, all united by, two pathognomonic signs never wanting in insane people. Firstly, nowhere can such ingratitude be found as this class display. They have absolutely no appreciation of kindness or consideration. Secondly, they listen to no arguments, they follow no advice, and never under any circumstances modify their determination. "Certainly this does, from what, we know, fit in with Mrs. Osborne's characteristics." The most striking thing, perhaps, in the whole case is the following: On Monday when Captain Osborne im- peratively demanded the motive which had forced his wife to crime she solemnly declared she knew of none. The then Miss Elliott was —as she swore at the trial—in no desperate strait for money. She robbed her friend simply for the satisfaction of having a large sum for once in a way to spend. In proof of this she handed to her husband the still un- spent balance of over £300. Miss Elliott reckoned, it seems, on certain circumstances connected with the Hargreave ménage render- ing Mrs. Hargreave unwilling to make much public fuss concerning the loss of her jewels. In this she was right. The Hargreaves had no desire to prosecute. What the over-clever lady did not count upon was Captain Osborne's chivalrous activity to clear her name. It proved as awkward and embarrassing to her, being guilty, as it would have been helpful and consoling had she been innocent. The extensive washing of matrimonial dirty linen in public which Marius and Florence St. John have gone through does not appear to have benefited either party materially. Legally they are much where they were before the case began, but morally and socially I should imagine the reputations of both are what Arthur Roberts would call "a bit off." Of the two it must be confessed Marius pulled through the ordeal best. In the character of the doting but neglected husband "Mons" was highly effective, or would have been but for the embarrassing episode of Miss Marie Suella. "Still," said the culprit, when frankly confessing his faux pas, "what would you do, Sir Charles, if your wife deserted you? Marie was all I had left." Sir Charles Russell will long remember his cross-examina- tion of the Anglo-French actor. Marius answered quite respectfully, but again and again he discomfited the eminent counsel till the court rang with laughter. In the same way Mr. Gill got the worst of a duel of wits with Mr. Cohen, whom Marius accused of adultery with his wife. Cohen was Harry Marks's "sub" on the Financial News till re- cently, and was prominently concerned in the various scandals rightly or wrongly associated with that eminent city magnate's name. About a year ago when the Rae mine libel case was being tried certain persons would much have liked to get Cohen into the witness-box. Unfortu- nately, however, he happened to be ill at Scar- borough and could not attend. This circumstance and others prejudiced the jury so that you may remember they gave their verdict in de- fiance of the evidence against Marks. In ap- pearance Cohen is a replica of Wertheimer and some score of other smart young Jews. He would have seemed well dressed but for the touches of vulgarity observable in a gold-headed umbrella, a diamond ring, and a watch-chain just a thought too heavy. The jury, as you know, found that Cohen did not commit adul- tery with Miss St. John and gave him costs, which Marius will have to pay. They also found that the charge of cruelty brought by the lady against her husband was false. To adultery Marius confessed. The Court of Appeal has reversed the judg- ment of Mr. Justice Stirling with regard to the Savemake estate, and decided that in the interests of all concerned Lord Iveagh's offer of £750,000 must be accepted. In coming to this decision the court explained it was not moved by any sympathy for the tenant for life (Lord Ailesbury). That person, said Lord Justice Lindley, could be compendiously de- scribed as a spendthrift who had brought dis- grace on an old and honored family. But the remainder men, the marquis, creditors, and the tenants on the estate, had all to be con- eidered, and these would be benefited by the sale. Only a very wealthy man could afford an estate like Savernake Forest, aud neither the heir-apparent nor the heir-presumptive were rich. Mr. W. G. Wills, the dramatist, novelist, and pastellist, who died at Guy's Hospital had a strangely checkered career. Again and again success came to him and he appeared to have tha ball at his feet, but he did not know how to kick it, and the opportunity somehow slipped by. Wills might, his friends think, have become as prosperous as Pinero and as rich as Geo. E. Sims had he cared to persevere. He began writing novels, and "David Chantrey," "The Wife's Evidence," and "Notice to Quit" (the story of a man suffering from a mortal malady) enjoyed some vogue in their day and may still be picked up occasionally in two shilling form. Wills's first dramatic success was tha "Man o' Airlie," in which Hermann Vezin made a great name. Irving saw it and got to know Wills. This led to the production of "Charles the First" at the Lyceum in 1872. It ran nearly a year, and "Eugene Aram," a qualified suceess, followed. In 1876 Miss Heath produced "Jane Shore" at the Princess's and made a big hit. Here Wills met the lessee's young husband, Wilson Jarrett, who years later was to achieve triumphs in his "Claudian" and "Juana." The year 1878 saw Wills again to the fore with "Olivia," but his "Vanderdocken" and "Nell Gwynne" were about the same time com- plete failings. "Faust" was the deceased's most recent success, if one excepts "A Royal Divorce," now running at the Olym- pic. Mr. Wills's great defect was that he had no sense of humor. Andrew Lang sums him up thus—He would willingly have bar- tered all his successes with the pen for one with the brush. Bur he had never mastered the technique of painting; and such sense of the want of it as he was compelled to derive from the censures of the critics and the indiffe- rence of the public fretted his heart out. As a pastellist he was much more successful. He had several commissions from royal personages; lie more than once travelled to Windsor '"by command;" and he might have basked for ever in the sunshine of royal favor if he had been more of a courtier. He loved his ease, and all share in the simplest mani- festation of the pomp of life was to him a hate- ful servitude. In character and disposition he was an Oliver Goldsmith born a century too late. He was more lavish of his guineas in perfectly hopeless loans than even his great original. He had a real gift of absence of mind; his childlike simplicity stood him in lieu of wit. He was the hero of one or two stories of absolute self-forgetfulness which ought not to be allowed to die. He was a good son, a warm and generous friend, and, in all else, no man's enemy but his own. The defeat of Michael Davitt by the Par- nellite leader at Waterford last week was a nasty surprise for the Nationalists, and will materially hearten up their opponents, English Home Rulers sigh, for of course this Parnellite victory means simply prolonging the civil war in Ireland and playing into Tory hands. Waterford was known to be the great Parnellite centre, but Davitt's powerful per- sonality would, the Nationalists believed, easily overcome fealty to the dead. They reckoned without Mr. Redmond. This young man has brains, and if he and his small party can win, as seems now quite likely, a few seats a general election they will be a thorn in the McCarthyites side. The three celebrated cases—the Russell separation suit, the St. John divorce, and the slander case—which have of late occupied trie attention of the English-speaking world nave drawn close attention to the offensive and impertinent methods of cross-examination which prevail in the English courts of justice. There has been a very warm correspondence in the Times on the subject, and it is evident the days of bullyragging and terrorising by counsel must soon cease. At present protected by "privilege" and acting upon "instructions" counsel scatter irrelevant and ofttimes baseless innuendoes in such a fashion that the witness box has become as serious a terror to honest citizens as the felon's dock is to the rogue. The right of cross-examination, says the Daily Graphic, is no doubt a valuable one, and it would be impossible for the most ex- perienced jurist to lay down any hard-and-fast lines as to the limits within which the exer- cise of that right ought to be restricted. Circumstances alter cases, and the combination of circumstances which occur in the law courts are infinitely varied. At the same time, there is a general feeling that the privileges of counsel have of late been very much abused. To appeal to them to put their questions with more consideration for the reelings of hostile witnesses would, no doubt, be labor lost, but one may, at least, express a pope that our judges will more frequently interfere to protect witnesses from irrelevant aspersions upon their character." This mild expostulation has been repeated in varied and stronger terms by many people in letters to the papers, and it is to be hoped, that for the sake of justice our leading legal luminaries will take note of it, for at present it is difficult to get men and women to face the ordeal of the witness-box, except under compulsion of subpœna. Among the numerous side issues raised by the famous pearl case one or two are worthy of notice as being likely to bring forth legislation on certain matters. First, the position of Captain Osborne suggests the remark that in French law a divorce can be obtained from any person condemned to an infamous punish- ment, while no such relief is obtainable in England, even where one of the parties is sen- tenced for the term of natural life. Another thing they seem to do better in Prance is the making it illegal to pay down purchase-money of plate and jewellery without going to the seller's home and there taking down his name. The jewels for which Mrs. Osborne forfeited everything worth possessing in this world are now safely lodged at Coutts's, the bankers. The cabinet which played so prominent a part in the trial fell to pieces whilst in transit back to Torquay, "by favor of the railway authori- ties," as a contemporary sarcastically remarks. Mr. Marion Crawford's "Chronicles of the House of Saracinesca" will be concluded in Macmillan's magazine next year with a story called "Don Orsino.'' Orsino readers of "Sant Ilario" will remember was the son of the jealous Giovanni Saracinesca and the beautiful Corona. Mr. Crawford has done nothing better than his brace of Roman novels, which brilliantly picture a state of society now entirely passed away. What a vivid bit of descriptive writing, for example, is the duel chapter in "Saracinesca." In the opinion of many, indeed, it stands out as the best duel in contemporary fiction, even surpassing Dickens's pistol affair in "Nicholas Nickleby." "Tess of the D'Urbervilles" relates the history of a good looking peasant girl, who whilst young and ignorant of the gravity of her sin against society allows a better-off relative to seduce her. A child is born, but dies soon, and Tess makes a fresh start in another part of Wessex. Here the the hero, a shocking prig named Angel Clare, woos, and after some demur, wins and marries the young woman. Tess makes several attempts to tell Angel of her faux pas before marriage, but he frustrates them, and it is not till the first night, when the- pair are "canoodling" after tea, that her opportunity arises, when as the bridegroom confesses to certain little affairs in the past, for which he is duly forgiven, the bride thinks her turn has come and tells all. But what is sauce for the gander is not sauce for the goose. Instead of leniently overlooking Tess's peccadillo, as she has done his, Angel behaves in a perfectly fiendish manner and casts his wife off. In vain she appeals to his love and compassion, and writes letters which would melt the heart of a stone. Clare rushes off to Brazil, and a long time elapses before his disposition towards Tess changes. Eventually, however, it does change, and he returns home remorseful. But 'tis too late. Poverty and the Macchiavellian designs of her first betrayer have enmeshed the deserted wife, and in despair of ever seeing Angel again Tess has become the rich man's mistress. After meeting her repentant husband the miserable woman is distraught with agony and regrets, so that it requires very few taunts on her lover's part to make her stab him to the heart. She then flies after Angel. The pair try and escape by unfrequented roads to the sea, but are eventually captured at Stonehenge. In the last chapter Tess is hanged, and Angel after seeing the significant black flag hoisted on the prison flagstaff leaves Wessex. Mr. Hardy has written nothing quite so gloomy and pessimistic as this story before. He evidently believes too his sequence of events is strictly logical. Mrs. Kingsley, widow of Charles Kingsley, died on Saturday last at an advanced age. She helped her husband materially in his work writing out nearly the whole of "Alton Locke" and "Hypatia" from dictation. Mrs. Kingsley was the youngest of the seven daughters of the late Mr. Pascoe Grenfell, M.P., Taplow Court, all of whom were extremely graceful accomplished women and married well. One became the first Lady Wolverton, another Mrs. J. A. Froude, a third Mrs. Majc Mueller, and a fourth Lady Sydney Godolphin Osborne. Charles Kingsley's youngest daughter, Mary, married the Rev. W. Harrison, rector of Clonelly, in Devon, and is known to the world as "Lucas Malet,'' author of "The Wages of Sin." The 1892 volume of that excellent work of reference, "Hazell's Annual," is nearly twice the size of its immediate predecessor and con- tains a number of new features. The most important of these are the brief biographies of new thinkers, writers, and workers, and really admirable retrospects of accomplishments in art, music, drama, literature, and science during the twelvemonth. Close upon 200,000 copies of Mr. Stead's "Real Ghost Stories" have already been sold. Nothing like this has ever been known in the trade in such a short time before. Mr. Rudyard Kipling's reputation has been upheld at Oxford. By 62 to 53 the union decided that the popularity of his novels was not a sign of the worthlessness of popular taste. Barrie has for the time being quite bowled out Kipling Mudie, who ought to know, says "The Little Minister" is having a greater vogue for a three volume novel than any work of fiction since "Adam Bede." Barrie himself tells me lie is deluged with commissions, some of them "on your own terms." He would like now to abandon his contract for the Illustrated News, he could do so much better. Naturally however, the proprietors mean to hold him tight to it. This work will be a three-volume novel of theatrical life and follow Mr. Haggard's new story, commencing about March next. Mr. Barrie means to abandon journalism and devote himself entirely to novel and play writing in future. Of the new serials in the January magazines the most promising are Mr. Hugh Seton Merriman's ''Slave of the Lamp" (a tale of journalistic life in London), in Cornhill; Miss Helen Shipton's "Alston Crucis" in Good Words; and "Aunt Anne" (anon) in Temple Bar. Scribner's appears in a new cover, but is too American, as regards contents, for English tastes. Harper's contains a short story you must on no account miss. It is called "A Fourth- class Appointment," and from its sympathetic understanding of the simple subtleties of village life in Massachusetts might be by Miss Wilkins. The author, how- ever, is Margaret Deland, of "Jno. Ward, Preacher" fame. The cheap 2s. 6d. (1s. 8d. minus discount) edition of Black's novels initiated with "A ^Huiyiiter t.f Hoth," promises exceeding well, i JypH bintliiig, and general get-up are exc^l- ! lem; for the money, and, indeed, for all pur poses. Half-acrown is the utmost bhi3 gone ration care to give for a novel, unlesa it be something wholly exceptional, nowadays. Of the 25 of Mr. Blaclt's promised rei33ue I shall buy, perhaps, six, viz., "A Daughter of Heth," " A Princess of Thule," "Sunrise," "Macleod of Dare," "Shandon Bells," and "In Far Lochaber." The two first are, of course, im measurably superior to the re3t, and will cer tainly live long after such wearisome saccharine sontimentalities as the "Adventured of a Houseboat" and White Wings" have been consigned to the limbo of forgotten fiction. I know it sounds philistine to say so, but I never could appreciate the popular "Adventures of a Phaeton." Too much of even wholesome treacle nauseates, "Mac- leod of Dare" is a capital novel, probably the most powerful story its author has written. "Sunrise," too, one should not pass, for in it Mr. Black strikes a fresh note cleverly. Several others, notably "Madcap Violet," and "Green Pastures and Piccadilly," are worth reading but not buying. Of the novelist's later efforts, "In Far Lochaber" and "Donald Ross of Heimra" deserve mention. In the preface which, with a capital portrait, adorns the new "Daughter of Heth," Mr. Black says he had thought of rewriting his earlier books. Thank heaven someone dissuaded him. What one wonders is, does he suppose his worn middle-aged imagination could add to the exquisite freshness and clarity of "A Princess of Thule." The "features" of the "annual" at Dairy Lane this Christmas if not specially original are carried out with true Harrisian lavishness. Moreover (and this is the thing) they please the children immensely. The curtain has hardly gone up 10 minutes and the hero of "Humpty Dumpty" fallen from the historic wall before the "Dolls At Home" sets every little one crowing with delight. Herein the stage represents a palatial interior with a noble staircase, down which come filing whole regiments of animated dolls, wax dolls with quilted hoods, wooden dolls with flat bodies and no clothes, gorgeous silken punchinellos, unbreakable rag dolls, soldier and sailor dolls, rubber dolls, black Zulus, collapsable babies, in fact every description of doll known to the Lowther Arcade, or the Paris Bon Marche. Several hundred persons are employed in this scene alone, which is, however, a trifle beside the grand procession of nations later on, one of those sumptuous displays Charles Harris understands so well. Far more original, how- ever, than the procession is the ballet in the orange grove. Here the laden trees look lovely, and an admirable surprise occurs when the oranges turn out to be electric lamps. The dresses of the ballet are also studded with scores of tiny electric lights, which the wearers switch off and on in unison with immense effect. Of the comic scenes the land of Cockaigne, where salads grow ready dressed, sirloins are suspended on trees, bottles of champagne shoot out of the ground, and roast sucking pigs run about crying "eat me," is the best. Far more prominence is given to comic scenes at Old Drury nowadays than was the case a few years back, and with such genuine comedians as Dan Leno, "Libble Tich," Herbert Campbell, and, Hetty Walton to work them up laughter is continuous. The great star of the year at the music halls almost invariably figures in the Drury-lane pantomime as hero or heroine. Looking back one recalls Lady Dunlo, Harriet Vernon, Dot Mario, and Ed. Leamar in one or other capacity. This anniversary Miss Marie Lloyd ("Wink the Other Eye") naturally enacts "Princess All- fair," the robust Fanny Leslie, supporting her as "King Dulcimer." Old Harry Payne, who was absent last year, once again dons motley to wish us in good old style "A Muddy Christmas and a Sloppy New Year," but the day of Grimaldi's clown has passed. Even our children find his red-hot poker antics less amusing than young Lauri's and Evans's drolleries "On the Tiles." The latter in Pierrot costumes represent the new school of clown, and to them the greater part of the brief harlequinade is now given up. Sir Augustus Harris has by degrees made the Drury Lane annual a unique production. At first his pantomime was merely the best of several at the West- End, then it became a famous but terribly heavy spectacle. Mr. Harry Nicholls undertook to alter this, and Blanchard's death gave him the opportunity. The mixture of nursery story, spectacle, broad fun, and bright taking music, is now happily adjusted, and delights alike grandparents and grandchildren. Truth compels us to state that Wyndham's Bob Sackett is not what it was fifteen years ago. Then his high spirits and vivacity were infectious because spontaneous; now you can see the actor works, and works hard. Possibly, too, "Brighton," like Byron's comedies, has had its day and seems old fashioned. The piece draws good business at present and probably will continue to do so, as lots of the rising generation want to see the volatile Charles in his most famous part. The figures which Sir Augustus Harris has given Harry How for his interview in the new Strand magazine must many of them be taken cum grano. For instance, it is no doubt true that the scenery and dresses for the Drury lane pantomime coat from £16,000 to £20,000, but Sir Augustus, gets something consider- able back by leasing or selling the scenery afterwards to provincial and Continental theatres. The dresses, armor, and properties used at Old Drury are also disposed of secondhand and fetch surprisingly large sums. The famous manager says the procession of nations in "Humpty Dumpty" will cost £5,000 in cos- tumes, but did notb add that of that sum he may get £1,000 back. This, at any rate, was the amount paid for the secondhand dresses of the Bird ballet at Old Drury. The greatest care is taken of the dresses by the wearers and wardrobe folk. Woe betide the super or ballet girl whom the eagle-eyed stage manager detects with a button missing or a lace tarnished. "Fine Miss Brown a shilling, Jones," says he to his subordinate. Sir Augustus told Harry How last opera season returns and expenditure about balanced, the former amounting to £80,819. He spent £15,000 on mounting "Otello," and the year before "Romeo é Guilietta" cost even more. Of course this is all laying up so much capital. Covent Garden can now mount a larger number of operas in first-class style than any theatre in the world. 