THE NEW ANGLICAN CHURCH AT CLAREMONT. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE. Saturday was an eventful day in the history of the suburb of Claremont, when His Excellency the Governor laid the foundation-stone of the first Anglican Church established in the district. Probably there has never been such a large assemblage of people at Claremont since the place aspired to the dignity of a suburb. The visitors were princi- j pally from Perth, and included, besides numbers of clergy, Sir John and Lady Forrest, several members of Parliament and many ladies. A great crowd of people travelled down by the half-past three train from Perth, whilst others drove down by the Fremantle Road. A better day as far as the weather was concerned, could not have been chosen for the occasion, and by 4 o'clock the site of the new church was a scene of lively interest. The scaffolding had been decorated with bunting and a marquee erected for the convenience of visitors, where refreshments were provided at a nominal rate. Mr. and Mrs. Alpin Thomson and Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Pearson were especially active in superintend- ing the arrangements. It was easy to see that Claremont has made rapid progress in the direction of settlement during the last year or so, and the small suburb now possesses a population of about 200 souls, and in fact a small township has sprung up in a very short space of time. His Excellency the Governor and Lady and Miss Robinson, accompanied by Captain Stuart, drove down from Perth, and arrived about 4 o'clock. On the arrival of His Excellency the service was conducted by the Right Rev. Bishop Parry, assisted by the Rev. James Allen, who has been in charge of this district, and the service was also assisted by an excellent choir, who formed a procession to the site of the church, headed by the Very Rev. Dean Goldsmith, the clergy of the parish, and a large number of the clergy of the Diocese. Mr Allen having read the prayers selected for the occasion. His Excellency laid the foundation stone, using the following words : " In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation stone in the name of the Father, And of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." His Lordship the Bishop commented on the progress of church work in this colony, and also on the growth of the suburb of Claremont. They had been for some time anxious to erect a suitable church building in this locality, and it was mostly owing to the liberality of one of the residents of Claremont that they had been able at last to accomplish their desire. It was by his liberality that they had been able to make a beginning of the good work. His Excellency, after the ceremony of laying the foundation stone had been performed, gave an excellent address which ( he remarked on the progress made by the Anglican Church in this colony. It had fallen A to his lot to lay the foundation stone of the magnificent Cathedral they now had in Perth. Since the foundation stone of this Cathedral has been laid great progress had been made in every direction in this colony. They had acquired the management of their own affairs, and no one could deny that the colony had not proved itself entirely fit for this great responsibility Since his time the Perth Cathedral had been almost completed at a cost of £20,000, and a fine church had been construed at Fremantle at a cost of £88.000, and those who wanted to know the present condition of affairs in connection with the Church of England had only to refer to the address of the President to the Anglican Synod. . Here they would learn the activity of the members of the church and its great progress. It was a great pleasure for him to be present on that occasion to lay the foundation stone of what, as he believed with His Lordship the Bishop in saying, was one of the coming and rising suburbs of Perth. Referring to the question of church . music His Excelleney said he never looked at a church either the inside or from without, but he could not help wondering what was the character of the music performed there. The selection of beautiful, becoming, and suitable songs was a matter which required discretion and knowledge on the part of those responsible. " In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than A words without a heart." These were the words of Bunyan, and it was a quotation which he considered act. They might take any words in the hymn book and let them be sung to music which was not sympathetic, and appealed to the ear more than to the heart, and then sing the same words again to an accompaniment beautiful in melody and in harmony. Ask the congregation which was the most effective. The first had reached the ear only, the second would have reached the heart and called up certain feelings of sympathy and religious enthusiasm. He must congratulate those concerned on the great progress made in the Cathedral. This continued His Excellency, would not be an inappropriate moment to express the hope that this colony might be spared from that dreadful disease, the cholera, which was creating such devastation in Europe at the present time. In this matter a heavy responsibility rested on the Government, which he was sure the Government was alive to, and also on the people, who, he hoped, were also alive to their responsibility. There were two old axioms, " Help yourselves and God will help you," and " Cleanliness is next to Godliness." The first of these might be a warning to those responsible for the safeguarding of these shores, whilst the second might be a re- minder to those who had it in their power to see that the sanitary arrangements of the towns were worthy of the people, so that the beautiful climate of Australia might be free from this visitation. His Excellency also made a few remarks on the question of temperance. It was his wish that the drink traffic should be abolished in these new colonies. It had been said that if in England this drink traffic could be abolished altogether, sin and crime and poverty and misery would be reduced by one half. They could not be abolished altogether, he admitted. It was almost impossible to abolish the traffic entirely, but the clergy and the laity could do a great deal in this direction by example and by words of counsel, which could never be accomplished by Act of Parliament. He concluded by expressing the great pleasure it afforded him at being present on that occasion. The Bishop having given the benediction, a collection was made, which resulted in a considerable addition to the building fund. A very handsome trowel was presented to His Excellency as a souvenir of the occasion. The blade is manufactured of silver beautifully chased round its edge, and on the face are inscribed the words, " Presented to Sir W. C. F. Robinson, K.C.M.G., on laying the foundation stone of the Claremont Church, 10th September, 1892. The handle is a very prettily carved piece of sandalwood. The manufacture of the trowel was entrusted to Mr. F. Piaggio, Hay-street. The church will see a pleasing structure, and is to be executed in stone (quarried from Mr. Thompson's ground) w h cement dressing. The principal entrance is on the North elevation facing the road and is emphasized by the addition of an, attractive porch. The dimensions internally are 45 feet by 25 by 20 feet high at the walls, and 35 feet in the centre. At the East end, through an arch 16 feet wide an apse is provided in the form of a bay, which adds considerably to the appearance both internally and externally. A space 25 feet by 12 feet 6 ins., is raised 6 in. above the main floor level, forming the chancel from which a door leads to a vestry 12 feet by 10 feet by 13 feet high. The building has been designed by Mr. J. Talbot Hobbs, A.R.V.I.A., of Perth, and it is being carried out by Messrs. Boundy and Locke. When completed it will accommodate 106 persons, 24 in the choir. 