111.—Ovr.U A CHtlirliYAKl) W.u.s.. These events hapjiened in Scot-laud, which if, after all, the real country for ghosts, and always will be, as long as its justly famous mountain dew retain its jioteuey." It has been claimed by scoffers at the supernatural that Taiumas Wabsler is a professional druukard, that- on tbe night in fpicstioa he was more than extra full, and that anyhow he isn't to ^ believed drunk or sober. All I have to these culumnies is that the story is admitted to be strictly true by the ghost himand so its verity does not at all depend on the word cf Tammus Wabster. It is also claimed that Taiumus would have run the moment he saw the apparition come over the of tlle kirkyard, and that his statement l ' 1Ilt 'tcod his ground until the ghost came U P to him is palpably absurd on the face of it. ^ V S r m ' t h ^ ^ ^ ^ l ^ ^ f 0 ° r any Jorm they take, and that as for running, be was m such a condition as to render speed utterly out of the question. The only choice ho had, be claims, was between hanging on to the iiost, which he leaned against „ for -—'temporan- supjjort, or falling into the ditch. This »t«us to me conclusive. When tlie public-house had closed Tamrnas had started out down the road, hoping to attain Glenlinimock some time before morning He was accomplishing this by making repeated dashes anglewise acrots tho road, now to the right and now to the left, and before each dash steadied himself against the ttono dvke or vrhatever stable object he ran up aKam«t. He had roaehed th© post that stands at the roads;de by (ilenliinnioek auld kirk, when he was horii'.k-d to see a figure lcr.',> over the cbmehyard wall and cliinb up on the road. Turnnm knew tlmfc no living sane man would be in such a place at- such an hour, for at that '•Thfiv is that," said Tammas, with a sigh " Can you tell me whether it will be open or not .it this hour of the night?" .. "Maun," cried Taimnas, fathering courage yon * an unco queer question to speer at mo' Ve imm boa stranger in these paerts, or ve wud ken weel enuch that if tho public wis open Taiumas Wabster wud na be here. —Detroit Free Frc??. "IIow did 5"ou lite Mr. B- aingine at tho concert last night V' asked a iadv*"of"a woman accustomed to surprising her friends by her unexpected speeches. -Oh, I enjoyed ill very much!" was tho enthusiastic reply. "He ' is really quite » prima donna, isn't her { 