HOUSE OF MllOH. A STORY OP THE " BLACK COUNTRY" OF SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. Bx JEANNIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of AUNT SAECEN'6 TWO LEGACIES, ETC. CHAPTER XLIV.-(CONTINUED.) JlljAVTD, bIow though he was, could Tjlfl take the impression of a tone as I V/ quickly as anyone; and he felt that Jubal had known her as a querulous woman, it was true; but David hadknown her as the patient, hard-working mother of the family. He could remember many a time being rocked in her arms at the cottage door, when he had fallen down, or when some playfellow had been hitting him. He did not put all t>ii« in words, but he said with a gentle dignity whioh beoame him greatly " You asked me, Jubal, sot to speak about your grandfather, or our childhood. I now beg of you not to refer to your grandmother, whom you never knew-I repeat it, never knew; for people are not themselves but some one else, when they are worn down by many griefs." "Oh, all right, uncle," said Jnbal, I didn't mean to hurt you. It's all true what you say. I was only joking either." "That was just it," said David; "you were joldng." They were now passing a rained engine house ; and Jubal, happening to glance down, saw lying half-hidden under a rusty wheel what appeared to be a bundle of parchment. He took it up and put it into his pocket. "What's that?" asked his uncle. "A bit of old parchment somebody has thrown away." "But you have never examined it. It might be some important document. I don't know how you are to know, if you don't examine it." The fact is that Jubal did not know what it was, and did not wish his uncle to know that is, he knew to a certain extent. He had recognised his father's handwriting upou it; that was enough for him. Yes : the knife had been to the grinder's, and had got sharpened; but it seemed to have dreams of cutting on its own account. Jubal, having a notion that his uncle was pondering over what he had picked up, and wishing to change his thoughts, remarked, " What an awful mess this road makes of one's boots and one's trousers!" "You can turn your trousers up," replied his uncle, looking down at Jubal'a. "I turned mine up in at the station." " But you see," return Jubal, in a lordly fashion, " trouser-bottoms never sit well when they've been turned up. It quite spoils the look." This kind of talk was beyond David's com prehension. But just as he had always thought that Joshua knew better than he did, so now he thought that Jubal did, at least in most things. The stronger will has often this kind of effect ou the weaker one. A strong wind is propelling a boat on a course which threatens disaster; surely the wind cannot be at fault. Why then trouble to alter the sails ? The boat may be blown upon the rocks and smashed to atoms, but what of that P One must submit to the will of Providence. Jubal pulled his coat a little down, and smoothed a wrinkle. They were in the road where his father lived. In the houses they had to pass, people might be at the windows -people he had known, and who had known him when he was shabby, and used to go about with a stoop. Boys he used to play with would probably see him. Well, if they did, they should see a gentleman, a fashionable man of the world, Jnbal thought, who was not rained by his father's disinheriting him, who was not coming home in sack-oloth and ashes to denote his repentance, but in as fashionable a Buit as the best Manchester tailor could make for him, and with an air and manner befitting such clothes. It was no beggar coming to his father's house to ask bread, Jubal went as a prince conferring a favour by his presence. The door was opened. Sarah, who had not seen Jnbal so long, could hardly keep her joy in. She sewed him after the manner of the Blaok County people not too gently. " And, oh, what a beautiful gentleman he's growed into," she exclaimed. "Bless his handsome face." It was not until she had exhausted as many epithets as she oould think of, that she began to notice that Jubal was not so ef.'usive. In foot, he was considering whether she had been cooldcg, and might possibly grease his clothes. Hie said lialf-a-crownonce; here it is. ' I just remembered it." ' Sarah stared at him in blank amazement, but did not hold oat her hand-the hard working, tough hand that was always bo kindly and so ready to labour to the utmost m loving offices lor those she cared for. Jubal dropped the half-a- crown into her hand, taking great oate not to touoh her with his glove. The touoh of the coldmetal seemed to make Sarah realise the truth. She flung it from her, and flung her apran over her head, and began to sob, while sue gasped out " No, I will never take it; no, not if I were starving. To think that I would ha' give all my savings for one shake of MB hand." _ Jubal flushed, and drew off one of his tight-fitting gloves. "Dear me," he said, "if it's a shake hands you want, I don't object to shaking handsand he held out a hand white enough to have done a lady credit, but the girl would not take it. How many have had to suffer a like disappoint ment: how few are prepared for itWore ha&d.; Onr brother or our sister goes away from us for years, to come back again, so the world says. The body returns, perhaps, but the same self never, we have said good-bye to that person for ever. Yet those who stay at home think of the absent day and night during the long years, end break their hearts when but a ghost of the lost one oomes home. Jubal merely did as the worid does; only Sarah had never thought out the question. She knew that for years she had lightened his life when he was at home and miserable, that she had during the past week prepare) all kinds of pleasant surprises for him. And now he treated her like a stranger and did not even shake hands with her. Oh simple Sarah ! with yo]ir good heart, you have made and hidden away in the cupboard an apple pasty for him; but his tastes have changed, ne does not _ care for apple-pasty now. Pate de foie gras is more in nis line. You may as well leave the pasty in the cupboard where it is. But people in tho Black Country don't cry quietly. They do nothing by halves. And Sarah's cry brought Miss Dorcas on the scene, resplendent in a green silk. '' Whatever's this disturbance about P" said that lady. But her eves - falling on her nephew, she was thunderstruck by his appearance. Could this handsome figure that might have come out of a gentleman's fashion-book be her nephew Jubal P It seemed impossible. "How d'ye do, auntP" said Jubal, ex " I t^ink you are too fine for such a house as this," she remarked somewhat cuttingly. "We are not grand onough for such a fine gentleman." _ "Ah," said Jubal, with a mock bow. (Sarah had slipped away into the kitchen.) " It is not to enjoy myself I have come, but to see the nakedness of the land. You see," he said, hoping his father was somewhat within hearing, " I've not let my Scripture knowledge rust. But really aunt, you are behind the times down here at Juuley; green isn't in fashion, you know, now-not in Manohester." This was a very Bpiteful trust, and it went home. "You are very rude, indeed," re joined Dorcas, feeling the glory die ont of her green silk nevertheless. "I get the fashion-plates regularly. I know what's in fashion better than you. Well, David," she said turning abruptly towards her brother; and a cool family kiss was exchanged. But where was Mrs. Rimmon all this time P Will it be believed she was within hearing, and yet did not come to speak to her son? She was half-afraid. He did not seem to have received the others well; what would he think of her F Jubal went into the dining room, not seeing his mother in the dark passage leading into the kitohen. The table was laid for dinner. Jubal looked at everything on the table, while his uncle and his father shook hands. Mr. Rimmon was determined not to be the first to speak to his son, and Jubal decided that he could live without shaking hands with Iub father; so there was no sort of greeting between them. .Tubal meant to speak to his father, if there were any occasion, as he would speak to any stranger; and an occasion came. Jnbal sat down on one of the chairs, and got up again directlv. looking scornfully at it. ' " You don't meau to say that you've not had the spring of that chair mended yet P" he said to his father; and that was all. Dinner must como in, and. Mrs. Rimmon knew she could delay no longer; so she timidly entered the room, her face nervously working, and her tears ready to fall. Jubal kissed her, and held her from him and looked at her, and kissed her again. " The farce has begun, has it P said Miss Dorcas, seeing this. "No,I'said Jubal, standing with his arm round Ins mother's waist, " it has not. lie force will begin when the minister comes in to tea, and you and father act tho loving family before him." When Eieziah entered the room, very pale, and looking paler in her black dress, which Te wore for her grandmother, Jubal could hardly believe it was his sister. The short, crisp, black curls were tho same as ever, but the features appeared to be changed; they were pointed-a chnnpe due to thinness. She went first and kissed her uncle David. He pressed her hand encouragingly, and was much tenderer than ever in ' manner to wards her. Then Keziah went behind Jubal's chair, and, leaning over, kissed his forehead. "Oh. Keziah," crclaimed Jubal, starting, " how frightfully cold your lips are!" " Are they P" said Keziah, with a wan smile; and she took her place at the table kissing her mother as she passed her. The door was now flung open, and Mr. Haokbit swaggered in, and surveyed the company with a leer. He 'gave a general pod, sat down and placed his napkin across his knee. " Well, brother-in-law," said Jubal, ooross the table, "your valet has neglected you this morning. Do you know ydur toilet's rather defeotive!" Mr. Haokbit looked severely across at Jubal, and remarked with some asperity that he would rather wear no clothes at ail than be dressed ap like a doll, as Jubal -was. Dorcas was sitting next to him. "Your neoktie's right under your ear," Bhe said, "and you look as if you'd been to bed in your clothes." ... " And you," retorted Backbit, looking critically at his aunt and Her get-up, ''you look as if you'd jut oome out from under a glass shade, you do." " Oh, don't let an have any qanrreUhe," gttfc b David* "What can bo the use of of tajringa etroll. The mother would have liked to nave begged him to remain with her, bat bow could she dictate to this son who had grown into such a gentleman P " Tea, show yourself to the inhabitants," was Haokbitt's comment. " You'll collect a crowd if you go but." " You'll collect a bigger crowd than I shall, some day," retorted Jubal. " And really, Backbit," he said, eying his brother-in-law with a good bit of merriment in his face, " I want to light a cigar, and I believe I could do it at your nose. Have you been acting the clown, and forgotten to wash your face P" With this home-thrust he went ont; and Keziah hdped to clear the table. Mr. Bimpler was to come to tea. He had been invited to dinner, but had made an excuse. When tea-time came he appeared. There was a marked coldness in Dorcas's manner of receiving Mr. Bimpler, which that gentleman could well account for. He, for his part, appeared to have some fine joke on hand, and laughed to himself without any evident reason several limes in succession ; and at each laugh Doroas coloured. He was, however, scrupulous in his attention to her, and also seemed to take some interest in Jubal, whom he had been led to suppose a very different sort of person. (To be continued.) 