A.J.C. AUTUMN MEETING A LOOK AROUND. Some Popular Men. A GLANCE AT THE HORSES. . Tlio Doucaster nnil Cup. SELECTIONS FOR FUTURE EVENTS. The Concluding Days of the Meeting. Easter holidays nro always looked for ward to with a vast amount of pleasuro by tho (jroat muss of people. Considerable nnxioty was manifested during' tho 'past fortnight ns to tho kind of weather might' bo expected. Ruin, and nothing but rain,, has been tho cry for so many weary weeks that wo. wore 'commencing to think there would never bo fine woather again, and that a second flood was about to descend upon tho colony and wash out all mis deeds. Postponements of raco meetings had taken place with monotonous regu larity, and tho racing club socrofcarie-3 were commencing to wear dejected airs, and look O3 dismal of countenance as pos sible, out of sympathy with' the .all pervading gloom. It seemed to be no use announcing the fact that a race meeting would be held on a certain date, and it was open betting that a postponement would take place. Taking all these things into consideration it was no wonder tlie A.J.C. authorities lookod anxiously forward to the Autuinu Sleeting. 'Wet weather at Easter meant a loss to the leading club. Of course wet or fine there is sure to be a big attendance ou Cup Day, for people will go racing under all and every circumstances, but racing in fine, brilliant weather and racing in an atmosphere heavy with gloom and dampness ? are two very different things. ? ' ? ? ' ? '' When Good Friday came round, and with it sunshine nnd a bright, clear sky, there was general rejoicing, not only in tho camp of the A.J.C, but among the whole of the people. Then came the LegorDayon Saturday, and there could be no possible doubt whatever that at last tho weather had taken up and meant to ' behave docently for the holidays. The A.J.C. Autumn Meeting is one of the most important iixtures in tho Australian racing calendar. Several evonts of importance have to be decided, and it may be said to wind tip the racing season proper and put the finishing touch upon several problems, such as which is tho best two-year-old, and which the crack three-year-old of the season. Fre quently some extraordinary changes of form aro noticed at this 'meeting, and sporting men are eager to spot a probable winner of the next V.R.C. Derby nnd Mel bourne Cup. Horses winding up woll at this season of the year muy, with reason ableness, bo expected to commence well again in the spring, provide thoy winter well. 'Wintering well in this climate is far different to wintering in the old country. Our trainers have much to bo thankful for, nnd it would rather surprise some of them if thoy had to carry on training operations surrounded by snow and in tho keen, biting, frosty nir of an English wintor. It may be chilly hero in tlie early mornings, but there is no necessity to muffle up and clothe the hands in thick gloves and keep a heavy woollen sent! tied round the mouth to keep out tho piercing fog which occasionally could bo almost cut with a knife, and which, when inhaled ropiously, breeds lung diseases and causes illness which frequently results in premature death. No, our trainers and jockeys have none of these hardships to put up with, so they ought to be thankful accordingly. Horses may, therefore, be oxpected to winter well, and with the clo5o of the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting retire into comfortable quarters for a few months only to re-commence the battle anew in the spring with greater energy. . ? ? ? Numorous improvements have been mado ntllandwick since the last meeting held there. The ontrance gates have been changed, and it is a decided advantage to have tho vohicles admitted .through a separate gate. This minimises the danger of ^accidents to foot passengcr3, and in creases the receipts at the gate, I should imagine. Formerly what with tlie rush of vehicles and people nil at the one gate, a good many individuals Rlippcd in without contributing tho customary shilling. This shilling a head business is ;'tho one great urawnacf to jianuwicK. ji reuueos tlio A.J. Club to the level of a mere gate money mooting, besides being a nuisance and the cause of much inconvenience to visitors to the paddock. Why on earth the people who patronise tho paddock should be put to the trouble of crushing through thu shilling turnstiles is beyond comprehension. If some arrangement could be made by which this proceeding could bn avoided it would bo much appreciated. At Flemington there is no charge made for tho flat, and yet the V.R.C. can 'nfford to give .away .£10,000 added monoy to the Melbourne Cup. So for as outward appearances go, the entrance to Randwick has been improved, and when the roadway haa settled firmly down it will be oven bettor than it is at presont. Anothor ancient custom which ought to be abolished is tho collection of tolla on tho Randwick road. It is not the amount of monoy charged to' pass through the toll bar, but thunuisance caused by collecting it which is the soro point. If the' driver or his faro docs not happen to have the exact amount of the toll ready it causes a block, and this is productive of much vociferation on tho part of the drivorj, whose language at timo3 is such as wo eeldoni hear in politov socioty. Inside the paddock the principal alteration is to the members' stand, which ? lias been thoroughly renovated. -Whero the old Press room and Telograph office formerly existed a spacious bar has been put up, and thif, with tho en closure in front, affords amplo spaco for scores of thirsty souls to quench their internal fire. The Press room has been placed at the back of tho upstairs bar. Iu ono way this is an improvement, and in anothor it is not. It is an improvement because the room is easior roachod from the Press box in the stand, and quick despatch of wires is thus facilitated. Tho great drawback, however, is tho noise. It Tj not pleasant to write descriptive accounts of races with the clatter of glasses and tho noisy hum of tho. bar con stantly dinning in one'a car. Added to this tho rattlo of tho tolographic appa ratus at thu fur uud of the room, a combi natioiivof sound; is produced, which is not conducivoto harmonious thought. Sporting pressmen, however, havo to put up with niany inconveniences, although, I believe, soiuo people labor under tha erroneous im jfi-ossioii that thoy nro tho most comfortably situated nnd- best off men in tho world. Km1 from it. Tlio sporting writer's billet iH by no.me.uis a sinocuro, and tho public urn littlo aware of tho; amount of care nnd labor bestowed upon tho reports they so carelessly ghmco at, and endeavor to lind fault with, iu tho papers. Randwick lookod well on Saturday. Tho brilliant woathor added a charm' to tho scone, and the paddock lookod at its bost. Thore are few prettier coui'303 than Rand wick. Although the lawn i3 not equal to Flemington, and that grand 'hill' is absent, still tho goneral surroundings are more picturnsquo. On Saturday there was a slight haze over tho hill iu tho direction of tho bay, but this hud a .beautiful offoct, nnd it would havo taken a groat artist's brush to do it justice, and- thon hu might havo failed,' to catch that dolicato* tint. Look ing from tho niembors' stand on the sur rounding sceno evidoucos of its beauties are visible on all sides. . On tho loft stands the town of. Randwick, nestling amidst luxuriant foiingo) through which glimpses of many boautiful homos enn bo cnught. Oxenlmm'u house stands out prominently, while tho white clouds of smoke from tho unpicturesquo trains sails away high up in the air until it is lost to sight as it mingles with the atmos phere. Bight opposite are the sand hills glistening white in the sunshine, while to tho right, amidst tho undulating ground, glimpses can be caught of tho blue waters of historic Botany Bay. From this direc tion comes tho cool breeze which always makes Randwiok so refreshing. Tho recent rain had ono good effect, it had brightened everything up, and tho lawn was in perfect order. Tho grand stand was woll filled, but there was uot such a largo crowd as on Monday, when the Sydney Cup was tho great attraction. The costumes of the ladies wore exceedingly rich, and many of them costly. Racing is a boon to tho mil liner's and dressmakers, who must clear large sums after each big meeting, pro vided thoy aro always paid tor tho cos tumes they provide. I havo not space to dilate upon the many splendid dresses to bo seen, nor can I command tho pen of ' a man milliner' to describe them. Every man to his trade, and I prefer the paddock to the lawn, and the horses — I was about to say to tho ladies, but will not be ungal lant onough for that. ? * - * In '.tho paddock wore to bo seen the usual well-known faces, and tho same men1 assemble at Randwick nearly every Cup Day. Some faces we miss, and when asked whore they are we find they will smile no more upon tho scene, but have gone under tho sod whither wo must all be put in time. I saw the Hon. Geo. Lee down from Bathurst. He bred the two last Mari b3-rnong Plate winners, and thinks he has a good chanco of annexing a third in the colt by Trident. Trident is at present located .at Mr. John Leo's, and somo of his stock aro promising. Mr. Georgo Matthows, also hailing from Bathurst, looked fresh and hearty as ever, and he owned horses in the good, old times when Hoinabush was in full swing and people thought nothing of making a match for a thousand or two. Mr. Matthews says ho has dono with racehorses as an owner, but he still has an ardent love for the sport of which lio was such n. keen fol lower in his younger days. Thnra nro many good sports down from tho W-j3torn district, which i3 noted for its racing men and ardent enthusiasts in all kinds of sport. There stands Mr. Lindsay, a crack pigeon shot, and a man who loves a good horso as only such moti cau. Tom Hales has come over to see the syndicate horses run, and, he hopes, win. The crack jockey looks much better tliau when I saw him in Slelbourne, and although ho said the last attack of asthma nearly did for him, ho has happily pulled through and looks worth a good many duad 'mis yet. Mr. Vincent Dowling is at present at the Rouse's, of Birigambil. Tho Rouso's aro noted horse breeders, and tiio crooked E brand is famous. Messrs. Long and Hill aro discussing the chances of their horses, and no doubt wondering what sort of a salo they will have for tho Hobartvillo yearlings, and what kind of a prico the sister to Marvel will fetch. Tom Payten can ho seen in earnest con vorsation with Mr. J. B. Clark, and the syndicate horses appear to havo several good races at their mercy, which no doubt accounts for tlio self-satisfied .smile on both trainer and owner's faces. Payton iH a lucky man to havo such ft poworful string of horses, but he deserves to have good ones, for he certainly knows how to handle them bottor than most men. Tho Wilsons aro here, and a large contingont from over tho border with them. Il:o Foulsham is watching Gnaroo, and tho confident smile ou his face is a fair indica tion of what he thinks of tho horse's prospects in tho Cup. A clover man whoso victories with Gnnroo in the Oaulliold Cup and Wild Rose in the Nowmarket havo enhanced his fame consider ably. Leslie Macdonald, tho trainer of Strathmore, &c;, looks a bit anxious, and well ho may, for rumor says Strathmoro will go down before some of tlie other cracks. A different stylo of man to ino3t of tho other trainers, but ho evidently knows his business, and is worthy of tho lucrative position he holds as Mr. AVilson's trainer. Sam Fielder, W. J. Noutf, and James Payten are having a chat, nnd no doubt settling' nomo knotty racing point. Mr. W. Forrester, as usual, is as open handed as over, and 'Tlio Squire's' gonorosity is proverbial. Mr. Oat Icy is with him, and not far away stands old Noah Deal, who carries his years wonderfully well, and, as a trainer, still bikes a lot of beating. He is another of the old school, and whon I state ho taught James Ashworth, tho well-known clork of tho course, how to ride, it will givo some idea of the kind of patriarch Noah is. Dr. C'ortis is wait ing for Saturday, wlion Grafton hu hopes will land him another steoplechase. Mr. W. R. Hall is talking with Tom Lamond, nnd Capt. Sandeman in with a littlo knot of Queensland sportsmen. Mr, J. F. O'Brien is anothor Northerner, nnd u real good sport, who is iuvarinbly to be seen at iill our raco meetings of importance. An other O'Brion is not far away, I iilludo to Dan. O'Brien, tho well-known ownor aud trainer, and who onco possessed Carbino. Ono. of the clevorost men on tho turf. Toddy Key's, .is bustling about us fresh us ovor, nnd probably wishing ho had another Sir William, iit and well, in tho Cup. , Miv Sam llordorn, ownor of Norduhfoldt, and one, of our leading racing, mon, has his phico among the. largo crowd of sporting colobrities. Among tho magnates of the ring,' I:''notlco-V. pxenlmm arid J. '?!!.' White, hard at: V work, both doing a rattling trndo ? with tho pon'cil. ?'' Thero is Phil GleniBter working tt big commission,' nnd Snui Uradbury doing ditto. ' Alf Josephs is ns stout as o icr, nnd Maurice Jneob3 hits come ovor. tho bordor to do battle with tho books; Taking a stroll round into the Loger Stand, nil is bustle here, and tho punting, although carried on briskly, doos iiot moan tlio risking of such vast Bums as at times chango hands in tho ring. The Legor at Kandwick is gonorally well patronised, and special efforts havo been nrndo to keop out tho wolshors and other objcotionablo people Unfortunately, theso men havo found thoir way on to tho flat, whoro they annoy respectable people- and lunkn themselves gonorally obnoxious. As tliO3O welshors are attended to elsewhere, I' need say no moro about them. ? ? ? ST. LEGER DAY. Saturday's racing was, on tho wholo, excellent, mid there woro soiuo exciting' finishes, moro especially for tho St. Lsgor and Doncastnr Handicap; As usual, tho proceedings opened with tho Hurdle Jfaco, for which oight horses wont to tho post. When tho saddling boll rang tho paddock was woll filled- with pooplo, nnd before tho second race was run tlie at tendance appeared to bu quite up to the average. Hackers selected Frantic as! likely to supply tho winner, and on his form at tho last meeting luiro ho had a. good' chance of 'success. Escort, who has taken kindly to jumping, had any amount of., followers, and the patrons of Keys' stable woro confident. By Ohestor; — Superba, Escort's broed for a hurdle- racer entitled him to bo held in respect. Bettimi, a well-performed miiro ovor this course, was backed, and Red Hoart, Alarm Boll and Cascade had a small following. Tho only ono of the; lot not backed was Ayrshire Had tho old grey betm in tho same form he was three years ago ho would quickly have settled tho field with 9st 51b.. Tho race was a good ono, and no accident occurrod,.. although Red Heart struck heavily once or twice. The finish was one of the best I havo seou for somo time. ; Escort at the last jump appeared to; havo tho raco in hand. He struck heavily, howevor, and cut himsolf badly, and this gave Ituttina, who was close, on his quarters, tho slight advantage slip desired. M'Crow rode her a great finish aud eventually beat Escort by a head, while pascudo, easing up, was third. ,' * ': ' t v . ' ? Five horses saddled up for tho Autumn Stakes. The scratching of Mivrvul, who was reserved for tho Doncastor Handicap, detracted considerably from the interest in tho race. Marvel andStrathmoreatweight for-nge over a inilo-ahd-a-half would havo been an intoresting'.racD. Mr. Wilson's colt was opposed by Highborn, Bungebah, Oxido and Portsea. Strathmoro, although he did not look cherry ripo, was well backed; at odds of five to two on, and backers ? appeared to jay them freely. Bungebah was next in demand, and a few pounds wont on Highbo'rh. Tho race was slow at first, but Strath more wont to the front at tho niilo an'd ajquarter post, and niado tho pace warmer. ?', Once they woro fairly in the straight Highborn made an effort and got up loyel with the colt, but M'Gowan, calling uuon tlio son of Norden feldt, ho answered ''gamely, and ruuning straight as a gun barrpl, he lauded the odds comfortably by a' ; couple of lengths from Highborn, with 'Bungebiih, wlio had not exerted hiuisolf much, next. Oxido was only a neck' heliiud Bungobah, but Portsea wo3 a long way oil' last. Tlio AJ.'C.- -Sires-, ? Produce Stakes was reduced to: a match between Pnyton'a pair, Autonomy and Arquebus. As in'ii;ut havo been expected tho former won easily, and he is a, great colt. Ho waited on Arquebus until well within the straight, whon ho drew away and won in a canter. A big field went out for the Mutual Sail ing Plato, and Mr.Oxenham's mare, Tho Gift, was made fovorite, while Competency, Jack, Tho Bonce, and Oxunham woro backed. Oxenham sailed down on his oppononts at the distance, and soon sottled thn pretontions of Tho Gift. Jack camo with a rattle, but ha wa3 too late to have, much chance of overhauling the le'ador. ? » ? ' ? '» ? » Only four horses wore left in tho St. Logor — Stromboli, La Tosca, Sunshine, and Bongal. This looked tho best of good things for Stromboli. The son of Chester Etna lookod a perfect picture of condition, and his work on- the training track had been such as to inspira tho groatost con fidence in his ability to Kin. Five to ono was laid on his chanco freely, one wnll knowu racing man going to the oxtent of jeinoo to .£200 on. La- Tosca figured nt 5 to 1 against. I had a good look at this maro and fancied her chance, but hardly thought sho would put down Stromboli. Th'j, glorious uncertainty attaching to hprsoriiciiig was once moro mani fested in . this evont.. La Tosca led the greater part of tho distance, and came into tho straight with a lead of Stromboli and Sunshine. At tho distance ? La T..»3«i still led, but Stromboli' camo along with his big sweeping stride and appeared to catch. , tho ninro easily. M'Oowan then drew his whip on La Tosca, and tho maro answered gamely. Thore was tremendous excitement now.us Huxley had to ride tho fuvnrito: Ho appeared to tako it somewhat easily on him at first, and I fancy ho must have boon over-confident. Whatever- tho cause, Strombdli did not finish vory gamely, but La Tosca fought out every inch of tho way,. nnd finally bent th» favorite hy a short neck. 'Much surprise was manifested at the result, and remarks were freely passed w to tho way in which Stromboli was ridden. Huxley did not appear to rido tho colt soon enough'; and I think Stromboli's defeat may bo put down to over-confidenco in tho ridor rathor than to any fault of tho horse. . Backers hava seldom had mich a facer. Sevoi-.il Victorian punters neglected La 'J'oscafor Stromboli, aud were naturally much surprised at tho result. ? ' . ? ? : THE DONCASTBIt HANDICAP was tho last raco on tho card. Why tho most important event of the day should bo left until tho last i3 incompi-eliemiilile. It causes much inconvenience leaving tho course, nnd - backers 'of tho winner had to stay bohind aconsidurahlo timo in order to settle. It would bo hotter, to' place the event boforo the St. Legbr, and put tho Selling Rocq lust on tho, cahl. Thirty six horses wore loft ' in tho raco, and tho inan vuuturiiig to back the winner out of. that lot mint havo boon 'a sanguiiiu imfivhlual. -Tlio betting, on thin rnco was, iitlenat a month before the ovont, fairly brisk, and Miirvul .irn:j ono of the loast-thought-of caudidatOH' in the race. Hnliuie, who iKiil.runbungobnh lo a head at Rosuhill, had doiio great work on the track, uud was mado a groat favorite in tho betting rooms tho night beforo tho race. Her backers never wavered, and when they know that Poarson was iii tho . saddle (thu jockey who rodo ? hor' in tho Challenge Stakes), thoy never fullered in thoir nlle giaiieo to her. St. Blaisu was wull backed by his party, and tho pooplo - who thought tho Bhort- backcd eon of ' St'. Albnus was not gaino enough to finish out a good Hit to race, woro greatly oxcitod ovor thu hi u to of tho marketodds. Nothing lookedbottorthan Wild Roso, who had Iko Foulshum's polish qu her, and was backed to win a great stake. Tho W. A. Long circlo, which was evidently anticipated to be n Magic Circlo, had Chris. Mooro in tho saddle. The maro looked particularly well. She was. reported to have dono groat things in private, having, with u jockey which shall bo nanmless, beaten L.idy Edda in a trial. Tho truth of this report wo do not pretend to confirm, but considering therespectivo running of Lady Edda and Magic Circlo on Saturday and Monday. I think Magic Circlo'3 clnuico in tho Doncnstor Handicap must havo been problematical. Winilrod, who had been backed for it lot of monoy in tho rooms, at prices varying from 0 to 7 to 1, with Trieste, wont back in the betting at the post. As I havo always anticipated, Ulric started abettor favorite than Trieste Tho lattor maro, in tho early part of tho betting at Tattorsall's, was mado a hot favorite, but thoro was novor any fjenuino money on her, and the least opposition was always responded to by tho books! .When tho thirty-six starters wont down to tho post the betting was brisk. , A largo commission was out for St. Blaise, who was speedily brought to 0 to 1. ,- Marvel was booked to win a lot of money at lS's, but tho absolute favorite at tho fall of.-, the -flag was Ilelone Foulsham's .mare, Wild Rose, was in great demand, nnd the Nowmarkot Handicap winner wont out at C to 1,' Magic Circlo was backed for a lot of money, and Coin, Gladstone, Paris and 'Xarran had all investments on them. Sir. Tom Watson did not keep thorn long at tho. post, and whon tho flag foil Melba, Ulric, Coin and Kuenalf got off woll, with Triesto in tho van. Sho lqd tho field at a douce of a pace to the threo furlong post, whon sho gavo way to Babel, Denman and Althotas. Coin got the load into tho straight, and Marvel was lying about sixth, with St. Blaisq in a good position. At the distance Earnshaw's horse soomod to hold tho field, but no sooner had tho ory gono' up ' St. Blaise wins 'than the black jacket mid whito cap of Marvel, with Mat Harris riding for his lifo, was seou to come out from the ruck. As soon as Brickoy Williams saw tho black demon sailing down on him ho lifted his whip. At tho same timo Harris drew on Marvel, it was a terrible race home. Tho heavy weight gradually wore thedual V.R.C. winner down. Amidst cries of excitement Marvel won on tho post by n head. Marvel's win in this race stamps him as an oxtraordinary horse. Although Carbino won the Melbourne Cup with 103t 51b, and literally cantered in, I think that this is ono of tlio best performances over a mile I ever saw in my life. Isonomy, who was undoubtedly .tho best niilo or mileanda half horso in England, won the Man chester Cup, with Tom Cannon iu tho saddle, beating Tho Abbott, who ran third in the Legor, hardly scored such a bril liant performance as the son of Marvellous — La Belle did iu this race. Marvollpus, his sire, when wo last saw him at Hobart .ville, had hardly a log to stand upon. Ho had four legs, which had all gone under him (as usual), and his head and his body wero as good as the day ho was foaled, with a slight matter of grey hairs in his poll. Blarney, tho sire of Marvellous, is a horso whoso paternity I havo often heard disputod in tho colonies. By Claret, by Touchstorio, from Mountain Sylph, is one of tho old Tom Boasloy blood. Not that wo mean that Beaslcys are horses, butimou. The Beaslcys aro a great racing family, and I havo .an idea I must havo seen this horso at the time that Musket was running at Ascot. Thoro cau bo no doubt about the dam of Marvollous. By Artillery from Grainachreo, she has tho Touchstone blood ou both sides, and nobody could want anything more This reminds mo of aenrious incident, when Mr, H. A. Barclay purchased Hondigo. Ho bought him as an ordinary hunter, but if Mr. W. A. Long will tako tho trouble to investigate tho podigreo of the horso that beat him in tho Cambridgeshire with Charlie Wood in tho saddle (Tonans, wo moan), ho will discover, although tho studbook may not bo quite right on this occasion, that Beudigo was not a very far distant rolativo of Marvellous. Georgo Hill ought to bo perfectly satisfied with his win, although for iny own part I don't think ho won much over tho race. It was a terrible weight for tho black horso to carry, and on pretty good authority I havo it that several men in thu stablo backed St. Blaise Whether this bo truo or not, tho .St. Albans colt ran a great horse, and tho people who despised the short-backod fellow thought they had a ronsontoregrot.it at the distance. Tlio result of tho rnco was a complete upset to track form. There aro men — trainers, too — who will bravo tho. morning. 'nir at G o'clock, and .stand outsido tho gates lmlf an-hour earlier, walking their horses up and down thn road, when the only damage that can lie done to them is injuring their feet; and as soon. -us the gates aro open slip on to thn track, spin them -round, nnd do the six furlongs in Imin L'Osec. Thon thoy will got together in a coiner, bring out half-a-dozen watches; and congratulate themselves upon having timed a certain horso to win n race One question I hhould likq to ask them— tho timeists— did thoy (livb Vain Hopo a s!iow iu the Doncnstor Handicap ? No, nut ouo inn.ii ovor gavo the roach- backed ' Lamond,' who won tho Metropolitan against such horses as Aber corn, a ghost of a show. On that par ticular day — I am recalling rcmiiiiKconcos — Volley started a rod-hot favorite at 5 to 1 ou for tho Oaks, -which isa parallel enseto Stromboli in tho Logcr, Mr. Ilerbavt Hunter, who owned 'Theorist, mid Mr. Jnincs M'Gill, who owned Lymlhurst, Pirato, Sandy, and other good horses, camo to ma and said, 'You've won ovor Lnuiond.' ' Yos,V vns tlio roply,' 'What do you think of Pearlshell ?' ' Oh, looks wolli' Hunter says, ' Fling a couple awny on her?' 'Yes.' Charlie Yt'estbrook was booking then. 'What prico, Charlie, Pearlshell ?' ' Ton to ono .!' and ivo took it and watched ' tho . race. Hales voilo Volley, and the crack jockey, not often muking u mistake, on this occiuiion lost his head, and allowed O'Brien on Puarlshell to get up and win. Huxloy on Stromboli on Saturday appeared to rido a souipwhat similar race ? SYDNEY CUP DAY. Thci'o was :vn enormous attendance on Cup Day, and proceedings opened with tho Flying Handicap, for which Donman, who hud run wull in tho Donca3tor.. Handicap, was elected first favorite- Morri3 Jacobs hud iv great fancy for Winifred, who was the maro he gavo JW000 for and backed for a lot of money in the Newmarket Handicap. ; Winifred is one of the best brud mures on the turf, nnd I remember buying . Culloden, : by Chandoa— Lady llooten, up at Ornngo' when' there- on a horso-buying expedition. ' Mr. William Clnnnon, one of our'- - bast old-time ?sportsmen, was nl\tays fond of the Lndy Ilootpn breed, and (o show that ho Vvas ? novor a bud judgo of a race horse ho bought tho . Australian Poor iu Bi'inhann : through myself, although he might forgot tlio inol, ilnnt. Mr. W. H. Kent, ut Hmt timo ownm of Stockdove thu ilam of Tho Ans. tmliau Peer, and perhaps the gnntlciuau who now edits tho sporting of tho Auk t«ai,asian will recollect tho timo when sho was knocked down ? for a comparatively small sum to tho Mount Brisbane people. At that samu sale thero wan an old horso put. up named Vospasian, uiro of Groy gown and other good horsos. At that timo tho old' fellow could ' only- stand on a couplo of liis' logs: Ho was contemporary with Musket, and tlio first time I saw him in Australia, was at MTjuiinan's stables in Brisbane . with Darebin in tho next box. Darebiu at that timo looked moro liko a coaching stal lion than anything olsn, but ho had a lot of bluo blood in him, and could raco. To resume- our retrospect on tho Flying Handi cap. As I havo already stated, Doninau was tho chosen favorite ; tho others backed woro Winifrod, Lady Edda arid Wild Roso. ' This wno a peculiar race Babel appeared to hold tho situation till tho turn, whon Forrostor'o horso, Past master, in making a run, foil, bringing Palo Alto down with him, and thus dis tributed tho field.. 1'ot Girl, Winifrod, and Alcides had to run wido to avoid a collision, and at tho distance Lady Edda camo clean nway from tho field, and, without giving auy horso in tho Cold a chanco, won busily ' by 'n couplo of lengths from . Morris Jacobs' mare I am .rathor surprised ivt tho astuco man who owiied: Sedition, tho winner of tho Nowmarkot Handicap a year or two ogo,-giving a couplo of thousand pounds for this maro. As I havo already said bo foro, sho may bo worth it on tho dam's sido. Lady Jidda, I have boon informed on good authority, boat Magic Circlo lit Mr. W. Long's privato training grounds boforo sho camo down. At any rate sho was good onough for me and ' a fow moro friends to back on that information. THE MAIDEN STAKES was voted a good thing for Tom Poyten's stablo, and backors were quite contented to lay 5 to 4 on CJlric tit the start. Eventually tho odds fluctuated, tho representative of. tho syndicate went to 5 to 4 against. Ducrow had been rather easy in tho betting at tho start, and as much as 3 to 1 was laid against him, but at tho fall of tho flag thero was vory littlo to choose between tho pair. In the raco at. tho distance it looked a good thing for Ulric, but swerv ing right out, he allowed Wilson's repre sentative, Ducrow, to got up on tho inside, and in a well-timed run the Victorian horse boat him badly. CIIAMPAdNE STAKES Tho bookmakers seemed to have a liberal idea, of tho value of Autonomy, which may cost them a littlo bit of money beforo the V.R.C. Derby and Cup are run. He is, without exception, tho bost two-yonr-old I have seen in Australia, and my roadnrs will always remember the groat opinion I had of Stromboli. That opinion has been fully verified, as tho result of tho next race will show. Stromboli has been described ns a ' cur,' a ' shirker,' and othor epithets too uumorous to mention. Most people know I am no believer iu timing horse3 on tho track, and Stromboli, Autonomy, Triesto, and other good ones never break watches. Autonomy's win in tho Champagne Stake's stamps him as tho best two-year-old of his year, and I un hositatingly affirm that if a colt, next November, is to win tho double, the V.E.C. Dorby and Molbourno Cup, it will bo Autonomy. . . . ?' TUB SYDNEY CUP. Tho biggest raco .of tho meeting at tracted a field of horses which, considering tho amount of added mouoy, was first-class and good. I never liko to lay claim to selecting a bad one No man would. When I selcctod Highborn to win the nice I had' tho knowledge iu iny pocket which induced mo to think he would start first favorite; iu fact, ho did. What show Strathmoro had of beating him at 21b difioreneo in thn weights I fait to imagine In tho Aus tralian Cup, whou I selected Highborn to win, starting at 10 to 1, tho majority of backer3 disagreed with mo. My rea sons for that wero well known. The result of tho Sydney Cup proves indisputably my contention is right, But moro anon. Lot us to tho Sydney Cup. The bct'ting, market was somewhat oxcitod beforo they finally settled down to nmko si favorite Thorewas always a tinge of sus picion about Strathmore First of all they opened out 3 to 1 on tho field, the majority of: backors taking Strathmoro. Then thero was a great rush on Forrester's black golding. Men with monoy to invest lauddonly remembered how ho had run second to Carbino in tho Melbourne Cup, also how ho had run Strathmpre to a head in tho last Molbourne Cup.'v/lion Judgo M'Culloch, told mo in Scott'B Hotol thut ho had . the crreateat difficulty iu separating them. Backing Highborn under thoso circumstances soomed good business, especially for n place, but there Woro ' other ? competitors in the finhl. Gnaroo, who I gave to win tho Caulfiold I Cup— a GO to 1 chance— looked a bit light. ?Ho swoaled freely, aud appeared more liko to hivvo. bail n. Turkish bath tliiiu running a two milo raco with -Highborn. A horso wo all roapoctod was Strathinoiii, who, on tho lnuulicapper's estimate was a 21b better horse than Carbino. Vory few horses iii tho race woro backed with any amount of pluck. Alchemist, with Mnrtiii Gallagher up, was bucked by confiding men down town. This horso was reported to be nblo to gallop the shirt off St. Peter, let alone St. Blaise Ho haa a good niiino, and a good owner. Tirailleur had a certain amount of followers, who always stick . to Now Zealand bred stock. Ho looked light, and. in fact, almost equal to Grnygowu, who, Maitland' told mo, lind not a 100 to 1 show. At thn finish tho followors of Payton'o stable, who always stick to tho syndicate stablo throivh thick and thin, rallied up and- backed Stromboli. A fair amount of money wont on thu son of -Chestor — Etna nt prices varv ing from 14 to 20 to 1. Tho men who woro backing in tho ring nro not goiienJK accredited with being tho slowest ut thb gumu. Tho syndicate commissionov lriight hiivo boon observed purticuliu-l.y aclivo in making invostmemts. Tho' absolute favorite to go out was Highborn, at 7 to 2, Strathmoro next in demand, theu cuinu Gnaroo, Forty Winlm, and Vain Hop«, and St. Blainu camo with a rush nt tho finish.' La 't'osca was tho first to show to the front at tho start.- Yowi, Orido and Bodkin wero close on her track, tho 'description of tho raco being fully described elsowliore.-^ Tho first to load into t)io straight was Jnck, who3o groy color, aonio people mistook for Grnygovvn, IOxMo vros clow on ..his . ehouldura, Forty Winlts, ?Stroijibpli 'nnd Highborn next. At tho dlstauco Mr. - -.AValtnr.'. Hall's colors, ' wb.ro momlnoiitly to Hie. foro, but . siiddoiilv Huxloy tat dowii ? on an' uuoxiVwU-J champion, a colt.f hat I solcctod, (wtl-« lisli V.R.C. Durliy.' - StroinboW . canio willi-'a rattlo, his big btri((-» . win ' lold- on tiio Saxdonyx coH, hi vjr.-ii t contrast to ? his' rimniiiir l,n tho St. Lftfor. Huxloy with KipflldBturiuimitioii rodo StromiioU homo Tho'liorae responded to every wOl'diii vmej mauV upon him. Ho caught Oxidn;oii--i and then Boonifdlo fivltw. Onco --.';,. .i',» gaino littlo son of Sardonyx lookod ns if ho hold hia old opponent- safoly, but it was not to bo, for this timo Stromboli assorted bin superiority, and beat tho littlo follow by a long nock, after ono of tho '.irjuncst finishes ever seen for iv Sydney Cup. Highborn,' well riddon by Qough, held n good position right throughout tho raco, but ns usual ho was crushed with'- thn weighC Mr. Maitland'H estimate of Groy gown's rmining was perfectly correct, us he ran nearly last. TIIK BELLING PLATE. was won by Ihuidor, who was backed for vory littlo monoy, although Bonco created a surprise amongst tho followers of tho Lower Randwiok stables by his forward running. FHIST HUnSP.H1 HANDICAP was bookod ns a good thing for Triesto, upon whom oven monoy was laid, arid tlio result of tho race was never iii doubt, for aosoon as Huxley sat down on tho favorite, sho came away and won with the greatest case TO-MOKItOlV'S RACES. TWO-YEAIJ:OLD PLATE. WIDDEN ... -„, ? ? 1 - Isaac ? a Rivdla ? ' ? 3 ? ALL-AGED STAKES. AUTONOMY ... ... ... 1 Maiivet, ... ... ,., . -,„ 2 Lady Edda ... ,„ ... ... 3 FIRST BIENNIAL STAKES. PAYTEN'S BEST. CUMBERLAND STAKES. HIGHBORN,.. .,.' ... '?'.;. 1 STitosmoLi .„ ... '?',., , , . a Oxide... ... ,„ .- ... ,,,3 AVELTER HANDICAP. WHITEKOOTorKOMISCH ... 1 Hooo ? ; ,., 2 Rebel... ... ... . ... ' ,., 3 CITY HANDICAP. JACK or YARRAN ? ... ? ... 1 Bodkin ? 2 Vain Hope ... ... ... ... 3 STEEPLECHASE. GRAND WING or' GRAFTON, with Carlisle lieit. A.J.C. PLATE. PORTSEA or HIGHBORN. 