[?] BLACKMAIL [ByR. MOUNTENEY-JEPHSON] CHAPTER III. ' Here, lUiona,' he said, handing her a roll of 1000 frank notes, as we three walked away together, ' have a flutter with these ; there's enough luck about the houBe to-night for two in the family. It's a pity not to make the most of it.' ' No, thank you,' she replied, quietly ; ' I don't feel inclined to play this evening.' ? 'Eh ?' said her father, stopping short, and looking at her . as if he could not quite credit his senses. 'I pay I don't feel inclined to play,' she repeated, in a calm, decisive manner, which effectually ' closed further remonstrance. . ' But I'll take the notes,' she added, quietly smting the action to the words. 'The devil !' ejaculated Captain Carrick, as he' walked off to tr/:ntc-nt-quara.uti:. ' My father is astonished at my refusing to play,' said Rhona to me, with a smile ; ' and I don't wonder at it, for I candidly admit than whenever I've been here with him I've fairly outdone him in my passion for play. But its fascination seems to have passed awaiyi now, and left nothing behind it but wonder that I could ever found it so en ticing. The place seems to me now all glare and greed. Let us sit outside on the terrace.' I willingly assented, and in a few moments we had exchanged the glitter of the lamps and the heated atmosphere for the soft light ? and cool breath of heaven. ' How silver sweet sound lover's tongues at night,' says Hoineo, that 'fearful man.' But aa lovers' tongues are by no means en tainirig to anyone but themselves, I would abstain, from giving all our conversation, eAen if I could remember it. Beneath us lay the Mediterranean, softly, murmuring against the rocks as if crooning itself to rest under the Bootiiing influencctof the moonshine and the perfumed air. On its placid bosom, a little distance out, was a schnooner yacht, its snowy expanse of canvas 'burnished with the silvery rays. There was no wind, but every now and then her saleB were slightly filled, ' as if Heaven had brea ched a gentle sigh to waftlftuMjW&ijO;^arse.' ?vVl'liis was-lthona's smile. I cafi^dnt a, cat's* pu't£/r For both of us, however, 'there seemedi to be'an equal attraction in the yacht, and we gazed in long silenceas her as she almost imperceptibly crept nearer and nearer. * « 'Do yon believe in presentiments?' asked Ithona. . ' '? Never had one in my life.' ' Neither have 1 ; but 1 have one now, and it lias been gradually and firmly taking possession of me as I have been watching that yaclit. Dosen't it look to you like some great bird of ill omen '!' ' No,' I replied, laughing, ' not in the least; - At all events, it doesn't fly very fast, and it would be a long time before it over took yonjwitli its freight of ill luuk.' But Khona was not to be laughed out of i her presentiment — as few people are — thougl i it took another form. 'Haven't sailors a superstition?' she asked, after an interval, during which she kept her eyes fixed on the yacht witn a sad. dreamy gaze, ' about a phantom ship, which forebodes the most dire evil to those who see it '!' ' Yes ; the nautical mind, I believe, is said to be occasionally thrown into a state of . pertuberation, which even baccy sind rum won't allay, by the appear ance of a ship called the Plying Dutchman, ? But no sound ever proceeds from on board . the ghostly Hollander, and 'von stately craft there,' as they say it nautical melo drama, is no phantom, for I can distinctly hear some very proctical and prosaic sounds about her as her crew are getting out her boats to tow her into port.' Still Rhona clung to her presentiment with tlie pertinacity with which people will often cling to a ghost story. At last, after another- silent survey of the little ship, I too ? seemed to come under the influence of the spell. ' Do you know, Rhona,' I said, with the slightly-constrained and abashed air of a man who feels he is going to give vent to a ?weak and womanish idea, ' I think I must confess to having a sort of presentiment, too. Instead of a.bird of ill omen, however, or noxious phantom ship, that yacht seems ? , to me more like some good angel soaring on its white wings to the rescue of some soul trembling on the brink of infamy and . misery— and there are plenty such here, if all the tales about Monte Carlo be true.' . There we found Captain Carrick — the Casino being' now closed — seated in a cane arm- chair on the verandah, smoking in a beatific frame of mind, as he roughly cast ? up mollis mind the winnings of the evening. His sense of propriety was by no means shocked at the protracted absence of his daughter, and he gaily rallied us for inot having woed and won Fortune, as he had done. 'Latter on, as I wished Rhona good-night, I asked her if she had forgotten hor presen timent. ' Oh, yes,' she replied, laughing ; ' my nature is changed now ; it is too bright to harbor that sort of feeling for long.' ...'1 think it was all the moon. Shake speare, you know, lunatics and lovers are akin.' ' Well, we won't call ourselves lunatics — but lovers — yes, lovers,' she repeated, look ing upjinto my face with as intense a gaze of love as ever _ shone from woman's eyes. 'What is that jarring noise?' she suddenly asked, with something like a shudder. ' The yacht letting go her anchor in tho harbour,' I should think. ' I say, what nonsense we talked about her — Klyiug Dutchman, birds of ill omen, good angels ? I'shaw'l By Jove, what a lot of trash the moon lias got to answer for !' Iihona did not echo my laugh, but wished me good-night quite sadly. CHAl'TER IV. Tho following day Bhona and I explored the neighbouring country, while Captaiu Carrick, with his ardour considerably whet ted by his previous evening's luck, continued liis campaign against the Casino bank. Bhona was far from being in spirits, and the same may bo said of myself. There seemed to be some influence at work upon me, for good or for evil, I knew not, but which produced an unsettled stato of mind. At dinner that evening Rhona complained of a headachc, aud excused herself from ac companying us to tho Casino. I ottered to Btay and bear her company, but she cut short all importunity by saying that she felt dis inclined even for my society. /j'or an hour or so I amused myselE iu tlie coneCrt-ruom listening to one of Strauss's waltzes.' played as they are played nowhere else, noteven in Vienna, aud iu staking a few live-frauc pieces at the tables. Finally I found myself in a secluded part ot the gar dens subjecting myself to a searching intro spection. Was it right of me to go on with this girl without coming to a definite, honor able intention .' Did I love her well enough to ask her to be my wife ? 1 had had no ex perience in such a delicate matter, and I answered myself in the allirmativc. It was a somewhat faltering ' Yes.' But having once so answered myself, I proceeded to demon strate to ray own mini how from every point of view — honour duty, happiness — marriage with Rhona was a, ' consummation most tlevoutly to be wished for.' (To he continual.) 