Waiting for What ? BT TOE REV. RA&ODOHE; L. CUYLTIB. D.D. Iu about every congregation we ministers confront a certain number of regular hearers, whose faces become as familiar to u« as tlie pews the; occupy. They are still unconverted—although if any message from heaven should announce to them that they will die unconverted, it would startle them like an explosion of dynamite. They are waiting, not upon God, but after the fashion of the impotent crowd by the Pool of Bethesda ; they are waiting for something to turn up. Let me address a few frank loving words to some such who are in danger of lingering until the highest purpose of life is lost, and the gate of heavon in dosed against them. One of you, perhaps, is waiting for more conviction of sin. How much do you require in order to accept the new life which Jesus offers Î What did that cripple at Bethesda roquire to know and feel except that h« was diseased, helpless and friendless? If your reason admits that yuu are a sinner, and that unless Jesus saves ynu, you will perish, this is conviction enough lo start with. The Bible furnishes no feeling-ometer to deter- mine how badly a guilty soul shall feel before that Boni Btrives to obey God. To tell God that you will never serve Him until he pierces you through with an intense anguish for Bin, is an insult ; it increases your guilt. No " angel " is going to trouble the stagnant poul of of your heart with quickening power while you are disobeying God and instilling tbe compassionate Saviour. For pungent convictions or a sudden startling converaiou you need not wait ; if yon do, you are cheating yuur uuul with a delusion of tbe devil. Tour immediate duty is cundeused into that pithy snnteoce, which Christ uttered to the cripple in the Uethesdan porch, " Arise ! taie up thy bed and walk." Tou are on a bed of sintul procrastination, now, put there by yourself. For all these past years, which have been worse than wasted, you have kept yourself there. Conscience confirms what I say. Every sinner is A SINNER BECAUSE HE CHOOSES to be one, and you are no exception. JesUB commands you to forsake your sins (which are diseasing you now, and will condemn you hereafter) and follow Him. The instant that you are ready to obey He gives you strength to obey. He commanded tbe wretched cripple who bad been t'» that caw for over thirty years to stand up ! What, on those weak and withered limbs? Certainly; for ho could have no others to stand on. And the moment that the man is ready to obey, and makes tbe honest effort, a new power shoois through tbe palsied muscles. Christ did not lift him ; the man rose up himself on his own limbs ; but Christ gave him the power. His part in that hsaling transaction WSB faith ; Christ's part was restoring grace. Fut the two together and you have tbe history of every true conversion that ever took plaoe, or that is ever likely to occur. Waiting will not briDg conviction, but only increase of guilt. You are under a spell, just where Katan wants to keep you ; the first act you honestly perform to please Jesus Christ breaks the spell. The first sincere prayer you offer for pardon and for Divino help, the first sin you refuse because Jeaus bids you do BO, puts you on your feet. These steps are your steps. A gentleman who had sat under forly years of faithful preaching came into my study one day and said to me, <ł I have determined to-day to settle the salvation of my soul"—he did so by giving MB heart to God. Many years of happy usefulness have followed that decisive day. But, you say, " Oh, the Holy Ghost was working upon that man so he was, and so has He striven with you a thousand times, and is doing so still. Waiting for the Spirit is only another form of the same delusion. The loving Spirit has waited on you and waited for you to repent and accept Christ, and may not wait much longer. My dear friend, you are POOLDIO WITH TOUB SOUL'S BALVATIOH. When that gentleman of whom I just spoke quit the mattrass of sinful sloth and delay and decided to obey the voice of Christ, his fed and anile-lsmes received strength. He took up his bed and walked—has been walking nobly ever since. Another person may be waiting for a powerful revival when the waters will be greatly agitated, and then you will be oured of your Bins and made whole. A genuine revival signifies the work of the Divine Spirit on many hearts at the same time. But Christ nowhere bidB yon wait for other people to move or be moved. The same truths, the same Divine power that moved a whole congregation or community are within your reach at this moment. The question of your soul's salvation is to be 'settled between you and your Saviour. He led a man oui of the crowd once when ile was about conferring a hless' ing upon him. The "inquiry-meeting" you need most is an honest hour with JesuB. Christ is as close to you now, and as thoroughly within your reach as lie would be if a hundred sinners around you were, all praying for mercy, or a ^hole assembly were melted under the preaching of a Moody or a Mills. Waiting for a revival is only an excuse for hardening the heart. To revive is to live aijain; what need is life from the death of sin in its first experience. You will get it as soon as yon. obey Christ's 'command, BISE, XÀXE UF TET BED AND WALK. It is no matter to any of you who are lying on the mattrass of delayi that Bome other people have been led to Christ by à'"powerful sermon," or by a "^special providence," or by any particular agensy. ' No one else is a model and nobody's particular . experienoe is a mould for you to shape your. oonver- : eioa in. The lesson of that scene at » t . Bethesda, yes, and of every true conversion that ever happened iB to obey Jesus. Waiting is disobedience Waiting increases tbe difficulty and decr^nses the probability of your spiritual cure. Death ia moving towards you aud will not wait for you one minute to do what Jesus bids you do at once. No pastor, no friend, no revival, no M:r;jj II, no inquiry-meeting can save you. Jesus can. Whatever he dirocts you to do as ITe speaks to your conscience, do it. AW is the accepted time ; takn up your bed and walk 1 