I poOR SIR JOHN. I Rv THE Author OF ' MBS. JBBNIKG- I ham's Joubnal.' I (Argosy.) I L I . i almost wonder you are not afraid I lotting Maud have bo much to do ffhat curate ; what with the choir I the school, and coming up here to j parish matters, either with you or I t her, tbeT reslly d 866 " 6 I ach other. , I vffildebrana \Jounavy um I lis friend's face as if he did not etstsud what he was saying, and I ihoghed softly m his peculiarly I »d pleasant way. I ie was a remarkably handsome man, boot forty-five years of age ; well I ltd well preserved, well dressed. His I riesion might be almost too delicate, I tb« arrangement of his whiskers too I ect, but his nose was slightly hooked I . 'i— i /.mnniandine. He was an I ocrat, every inch of bim, from the I t, of his handsome head, whereon slightly grizzled hair was neatly bed to the soles of his well-shaped covered by equally well-made boots, edio a carved oak chair cushioned bloe velvet, surrounded by all the orts of an elegantly-furnished study revideDce at ouce of money and Y looking through the open plate- doors of tho window on his own isite flower-gardens, and beyond , over bis own lovely sweep of led pa'k, lie wonld have made an rsble picture of an admirable thing real English QnltlcuiaJl. Iy dear Markham,' he said, with e emphasis, after an expressive 'yon don't think my girl could i t .'herself so far as to think of the < e ?' fell no, I doa't,' replied his friend, i easbsmed of bis suggestion ; ' only I uck me it might be rather danger- gaio Sir Hildebrand laughed mtly, while his eyes glanced with r r larger satisfaction over his 1 ifnl domain. The church spire s up white in the sunlight from the i r below, and a slender column of c g bloc smoke rose at its side. icrelie lives,' said the Baronet, c itsdly, ' in his cottage, with bis t rvant and all his nice little things i him. Fancy Maud the mistress t t menage, calculating how many p s of tea she may use in a month, i athaps leaving off sogar in it 1 ,e sugar has risen a penny a pound; g ng mntton chops and potatoes for i , with the possible addition of a p ag op Sundays ; aud having her i b made in the village ! Ha, ha, 1 h the gertleuicn laughed, o,' continued Maud's father, i htfully ; 1 there arc privileges i led to a high position, and there j ties also : nur daughters cannot 1 for love unless we take care that I ove tbo proper person. I hope to I aud a happy wife one of these bnt sbe has been so brought up I o marry out of her own sphere, to i le a poor man's wife, would to her I as great an improbability an it does es, you have taken great care of , and she looks and moves a girl- , who ought not to be degraded to er place.' 'bo ought not aud could not, Aland, i is, is not only the result of what e done for her, but of what my there have done time out of mind eir children. What Maud and I ; not a personal thing born in us or us, it is a legacy banded down gh a line of ancestors untarnished me and fame : a race of which I 'e this nineteenth century reproBSU- ' may say that the men arc all sans and the woman sans reproche. Hildebraud spoke calmly, witbont smear, because be gave utterance :as too familiar to bis mind to cause iment when spoken ; but there was >le look in his face and iu his t, dark eyes that marked him as ty of the race he praised. A stamp. speak, set on bim from bis birth, n some degree separating him from erd of common men. nd neither you nor Maud will be I rst Courtneys to descend from their i,' replied Alarkham. o,' said Hildebrand, smiling. ' I a secure of Maud as of myself.' nd Sir Arthur Torringtoo comes to-morrow,' remarked Mr. ham, a little ebyly. ' What a dif- ce his cousin's death has made to le is an excellent fellow, and all the r, I doubt not, for his early hard- , since he had the good blood, you A. clerk under government in Voods aud Forests, aud then, all of den, a little paragraph in a newB- r,a man is drowned ontio Australia, be is a baronet with ten thousand a fed you think be likes Mand ? She be a second Princess Dagmar, is iot 1 First destined to Sir John, she ies Sir Arthur V hope so, only without the pun of Princess's lot. She never was ged or attached to poor John, gh this marriage was the with of heart, and would no doubt have about if he had lived to return e. His father and I had planned od in these cases if fathers act cioasly they can generally execute r plana' ft was curious, though, that pro- ? tod title should go 1 1 a distant m, with whose people there had i such a bitter quarrel.' Vea ; and John took the quarrel up, v fellow, and hated them alL' 1 11 tell you what,Courtney, with all ott to the dead, I think the present i is the better of the two.' was fond of poor John,' replied the onet. ' I knew him from a .child — be was steadying down ; there was harm in him — bat for ail that I 676 yon are right, Markham. Fll i «ny Maud with a safer feeling to. Arthur than 1 wonld have done to' John.' The long is dead. Long Ute the 5» replied his friend laughing. : L approached overthe lawnj Maud entered through the/glass re ringing aud emiling. i -.ii «d£ 8r Prl> with a pretty, bright a perfect figure, iaud a basket of roses in her hand. She was faultlessly dressed, every article, from the frills tothe shoes being exactly what they bought to be, .the -very type in their expensive simplicity of dress for a yonng lady in the country. . The hat that - dangled from her arm being one of Blue's best, though the material was coarse straw, and the trimming only a bunch of wild roses. Look here, Maud,' cried her father, laughing. ' Markham is afraid you may take a fancy to the curate.' Maud blushed as girls will blush at such remarks, but ahe laughed a gay, unembarrassed laugh. ' ' Whata nhame !' she. cried. -'You must not laugh at poor Mr. Brown ; he is as good as. gold.' 'Yon woald not like to. be poor,' said Markham. Wbat wonld you do if you were, I wonder I' 'Who would like itf' replied Maud simply, and nodding her little aristo cratic head. 'It most be dreadfal. I can't Hunk what people do at all ; so debasing to he always considering the prices or smugs, ana .niggling ana haggling. How can any mind stand- it?' ' It is all habit,' replied her father ; ' it has pleased God to pnt people in I different ranks, and when they have all their lives been accustomed to sordid calculations, it may not make their minds as sordid as it seems to us it most do.' ' Well, I prefer myownrank,'Iaoghed Maud, ' and I think it does 1 It can't be good for the mind to darn stockings and to calcolate how many weeks a cask of beer, containing — how many gallons was it, papa ? —ought to last, as Mrs. James did the last time we called on her.' Sir Hildebrand Courtney looked at his lovely daughter with a happy smile, as secure in her future as iu her present, and with a profound certainty that she could never too lightly 1 lie 'mid the lilies and feed oo the roses of life.' ' There is something degrading,' he said, ' for anyone to take upon herself voluntarily, toe cares ana araagery or poverty, for tbose who are placed in that position it is different ; and if they make poverty respectable, I respect them. But for those born to higher things, voluntarily to degrade themselves to the meaner side of life, I not ooly do not respect, but I despise them. I could not forgive a child of mine who married out of her own ranh. She would not only lose my affection and good opinion, bnt I could not forgive her.' Mand laughed sancily. Don't defend yourself before you are attacked, dear papa,' she cried, dropping bim a little curtsey. ' I am jaat as likely to descend to a lower rank as you are yonrself, and n»t one bit more.' ' You bear ber ; I was uot wrong,' said Sir Hilderbrand, looking signifi cantly at his friend. II. Sir Arthur Torriogton and Sir Hilde brand Courtney's property adjoined ; a very good reason why it had been agreed that it would be a good plan to let tbem become one, a plan which the present young Baronet was just as eager to agree to, thoogh when first formed he bad riot been the heir of it. Life was a beautiful and unexpected dream to the young man just now, even without the love that bad sprung up in his heart, aod with that love it wsb ecstacy. Born in very narrow circum stances, and too distant from the title and family estates ever to expect to be their possessor, his early years had been spent iu actual poverty. Being well connected, he bad obtained a Govern ment clerkship, and his salary obtained for bim the necessaries of life though little beyond them. Hundreds, we might almost say thousands of young men are content with this, and if they cannot attain refined pleasures because they are expensive, content themselves with such as are vnlgar and cheap. But Arthur Torringtou was not such a one. Life as it presented'itself to him could by no means satisfy his aspirations. His occnpationappeared tobim useless, except inasmuch as it provided -himself with food -aod raiment, and though he might double his nresent means by the time he was fifty years old, there was no prospect io her life, higher or better"-' than-' to do this by means of sitting at a desk, with a little unimportant business before him which could be executed inhalf the time allotted for it, .daring- the twenty -five best years of his life. His nature was a noble one, and he ah rack from r the monotonous Idleness that lay stretched oat in weary waste before him. Was an immortal soul sent into the world for nothing better than this f Arthur determined to do some thing with his life that would make it worth while to have lived it when he came to die. He saved hie money, attended divinity classes and prepared himself to take holy orders, determinine to. become a clergyman, as bis father had been before him. He .made acquaint ance with a clergyman in one of the WOESfc £>aU» VI JJVUUUUi ttltil iKWIIlWU 1IIIU as a zealous lay-worker In every way in hie power. While engaged in work and thoughts such as these, there came to him the news of -his cousin'e deatnj'and by the death of a man he had never seen, and of whom be had every reason to think ill, earth became all of a sadden bathed in a flood of eanshiue. f Through thesnrinEdavs ofthat beauti- ful earhe and Maud Gourtrieyfewre constantly together, for Sir HMaband haS received him as a neighbour and ; as the representative, of a family w|io tjadi been -for generations allied tq the Courtney ejby tieeof friendship 'lfiwthej kindest manner. Halcyon days glided .by that 'mid -all the chances -and changea' of this wbrk-a-dav world would jpever, be .forgottoh ; and if, Spring melted1 into-snmmer, Aland's ringing laugh was' perhaps less often heard than of bid/ a deeper-happiness than had ever jyet phone there deepened the expression, of lier brilliant eyes. """ It was on an evening ail sunshine and heanty that, as they stood together in the rose garden, 'Arthur asked her to be his wife. It seemed to him -a wonder- ful thing to do, and to do with a .-weli- grpiroded hope 'of success.' ' She wae gathering rosea to, place in hmr vaeeB — fresh, half-opeoed bada.-.<;r ;'9See,''she ibHed;- holdings ' bunch he Wweffc&nti; eyil.iiom. j oa t hs (Well la , mterw »ont here ;and will give me a great deal more pleasure.' 'They are like girls transferred to new homes, said. Arthur, and you will see how much they gain by the change.' Maud felt a little shy at this speech, and instead of looking at him, kept her eyes fixed -on her roses, while the colonr she would gladly have subdued, stole gradually over her face till she was as pink as they were. There was a silence then, a happy silence, though neither felt content ; Maud would willingly have pnt back the moment she felt was coming, Arthur longed for it to be over and the prize won. She was'the first to speak, compelled, as.lt were, by necessity to avoid the crisis which, though it -would only recross her path, she wonld have postponed indefinitely had it been- pos sible. Shall we not go in f she said timidly, and turned towards - the house as she spoke. But ber words and movements only hastened the inevitable, for it was then that Arthur wooed and then' that Mand , was won. It might he a surprise to Maud that such a man should consider her worthy co oe nw lire-companion - .ii mignb ve a surprise to Arthur that this exquisite treasure had actually become his ; bnt it was no surprise to the watchfril father, when his motherless darling came . to him, all smiles, blushes and tears, to tell him that the words had been spoken by which her life: was no longer his :or her own, but must for ever be devoted to another, a stranger who a few weeks ago they had neither of them seen or heard of. Sir Hildebrand's happiness was unalloyed, and he congratulated himself on his own foresight and care which bad secured to his daughter a joy not always possible to the high-born, namely, a love-marriage. ' Of course,' as he said to himself, ' she must have been happy with any good man wbo wsb kind to her. I wonld not have married her to auyone else — not to poor John himself, unless I was convinced he had sown his wild oats and steadied down — bnt sheis in great lock, for she really likes Sir Arthur.' ' Like' was a mild term when used to describe Maud's feelings-for Arthur. The young couple were deeply in love, and life went by them as a holiday. Sir Arthur was rich and. generous ; not a wish or fancy of his beloved one's need remain unsatiefed. - Pandean was newly- furuished to suit her taste ; her future carriages and horses were perfect, and the jewels given her by her lover bid fair to rival tbe handsomest that might appear at the first drawing- room after their marriage, at which the - bridB was to be presented. In the midst of all this present hap piness and these delightfal preparations for the future only one uncomfortable though occasionally entered the miud of the devoted lover, and that one he admitted to himself was foolish, and that it was ridicnlons to allow it in tbe slightest degree to mar his happiness. Still, even when Mand was most fond and Sir Hilbebrand most kind, the skeleton on his closet made itself to be remembered; and so pertinaciously that it at last expressed itself in words, as tbooghts will do when they recur so frequently as to become part of our idiosyncracy. He and Aland were alone in the con servatory, and he had been selecting a flower or two for her to wear In her hair. He looked rather wistfully into her frank, pretty face as he presented tbem. ' A year ago, Maud,' said he, ' and I had little enough to do with con servatories ; the entree into them was denied me. Suburban gardens were more in my line.' Sbe laughed gaily. ' Such a shame,' she cried ; ' isn't it odd to think of ? You poor, Arthur ? To think of you at a desk, aod with only money enough to live od. Was not it wretched ? What would you do with such a life now ?' ' While I wsb preparing myself to be a clergyman I -was quite contented. I had a noble goal before me.' ' Don't talk of being contented before you knew me,' replied Maud, with a sweet little pout. ' He gave her a tender smile as he replied. ' You know what I mean, dear. I could not be content now without you, but 1 had never seen yon or heard of your existence even, nor you of mine. And if we had met,' end now his secret trouble for the first time came to the surface and clothed itself in words, ' you would not have given me a thonght,aDd I should not have had a chance of win ning you, because I was not Sir Arthur Torrington:' Maud did not recognise this as a trouble at all. She only laughed gaily. ' Yes,' she cried, ' how strange lit all is,' we might have met and become acquainted and never have given each other a thought. ' ft seems so impos sible, does It not ? And yet it is utterly true. ' And if I bad offered to you I should have been the most presumptuous of men.' 'Of coarse you woald. Only you eniildn't have done it. A clerk in the Woods and Forests — just fancy !' .'So that sifter all,' said Sir Arthur qhietly, -with a torch of sadness and even of reproach in his manner, ' it is my title and property you ore marrying and not myself.' :- Maud looking, .-eagerly -into his face, her heart stirred more by something in his voioe than by his words.. .-'Bnt, you know -I aire, for you, Arthur,' she eaid softly. And ,1 could not help the other.' V And why could not yon help the other f persisted he. ' " ' ' Why, it could not have been ; it, would not have done; it would have been wrong and also impossible.' 1 admit it all, herepHfed,- lt could not have been ; it would nof- have done ; it would have been wrong and also im possible, and yet it harts me, Maud.9 'Oh, Arthur,,! think: that is silly. Why should it hurt you J We. can'c help it. Yon know I oouddrit have married a man in that position. Some things jwe impossible, and that is one.' She , thtje wher'little head.back as she' spoke; and atood there lookrng at him in her proud young beauty. - The queen rose in the rosebud garden of girls, and the most aristocratic of queen roses, so. exactly jin her proper place i u .that fine' conservatory, 1 surrbjpiiifled . i by j exotics, splendid detves and gorgeous flowers, mere "symbols ; of taimry ' and 1 'Maura. How Wtriiidahe iiaya looTIriJtthirtiT, rate London lodging, ritting in a shabby dining-room, while her hosband helped her to hashed mntton and lukewarm potatoes ? He felt that she would have been entirely out of her element ; he acknowledged that it could not have been, and as he did so, shook off the -one nncomfortable thought that had now and then, not marred, but perhaps shocked his happiness. ' Yes, you are right,' he said. ' Some things are impossible.' ' Noblesse oblige,' laughed Maud. 'True,' he cried.; 'one can't define it — one cant set exact limits. Instinct and habit does it all. Noblesse oblige.' That evening, after dinner, it so hap- penedtlistSirHidlebrand began talking to him abont his cousin, the late Sir John, while they drank their claret. " 'Poor John,' he eaid. 'I was fond of John. I had known him from a baby, and X always maintain that there was no real harm in him ; bat do you know, Arthur, I 'would rather give my girl to you than to him.' . ' 'Thank yon,' replied his future son- in-law a little dryly ; ' but there was no thought of giving her to falm, I pre- SUUIjh - 'Oh yes, there was,' said Sir Hilde brand calmly ; we always intended it : no marriage could.be more suitable ; it planned Itself, as I may say, and old -Sir John and 1 retried it alL' 'And Maud ?' asked Sir Arthur as calmly, but it was a calmness that con cealed considerably irritation of feeling. 'Oh, she knew nothing about it,' mid her father easily. 'He was a little wild, poorfollow, and she was so. very youug : they were juBt good friends, but it would all have come about when he settled down.' ' And Maud would have , made no objection ?' Sir Hildebrand laughed at this per tinacity about Maud. ' Jealous of a ghost?' cried he. ' Of course Maud would have made no objec tion ; bat never mind that. Maud's heart is yours now, and she would make pretty strong objections to an emperor, I suspect, if he was anyonebut yourself.' to a poor man, Sir Hildebrand.' The other stared at him and then burst out laughing. ' Given Mand to a poor man! I Bbould rather think not.' 'And yet young couples may be happy though poor,' Arthur said dryly. ' Young couples ? yes, if it is their portion, no doubt they can. I dare say the coachman and bis wife are very happy ; but we were speaking of Maud.' ' I am quite aware of that, Sir Hilde brand, and if Maud, of whom we are speaking, had happened to attach her self to a poor man, what then ?' ' She could not have done bo.' ' Bat if she had V ' Of coarse it woald have come to no thing, and she would have seen the necessity of its doing so as much as L' ' Yon see I have been a poor man my self,' Arthur eaid rather sadly, 'and it makes me think of these things.' ' Well, my dear fellow, rank is rank, and it is not you or I who settled these things. She would have been sorry if she had formed a misplaced attachment and I should have been sorry, but it would have to be broken 08, however sorry we might be — noblesse oblige.' Sir Arthur Torringtou started. Here were the same to words with which he had so entirely agreed when they fell Maud's rosy lips a few hours before. Did they convey the same weight with them dow that they were spoken by her father? He reflected a moment, determined to be reasonable and just, and he thought that they did. Then, with a bitterness, for which the next moment be blamed himself, a sudden vision rose before him of his cousin John — not drowned, not dead — but alive and flourishing, his wild oats sown — at least, in Sir Hilde brand's opinion — the lover, nay more, the hnBband of Maud, and himself a poor clerk or still poorer curate, meeting the couple accidentally somewhere and beiDg elighted by them both; meeting them, per haps, at a railway station, where he got out of bis inevitable third-class, dirty, draughty compartment, and saw them, in all the luxuries of fans and hot-water tins, in their eqaslly inevitable first-class carriage ; and all this that might have been — mast have been — had been changed in one minute by the npsetting of a boat. Sir John had been drowned by tbe upsetting of a boat on an Australian river, aod he was Sir Arthur. ' You never saw Sir John,' said Sir Hildebrand ; ' but I snppose you knew tbe difference his death would make to ; you ?' 'Not a bit of it. He kept up the. quarrel with my branch of the family, - and my father was not a man to think or talk abont dead men's shoes. He! was not one of those men who like to say ' There are only four or five,' as the case may be, 'between me and the. baronetcy ; or, 'if such a one were to! die, I should be next heir;9 and as; relations I knew nothing about fell off' I was not aware wbat it was all comiDg round to me, and when I read the account of Sir John Torrington being drowned. in a little paragraph in tbe Times, I had not a notion of what it was going to do for me.' 'I seldom, "regretted anything more than' that -little paragraph,' said Sir Hildebrand ; ' h-w little we know what is . before us. I can't regret it now,' smiling at his future son-in-law ; ' and yet I was fond of John — poor fellow. Such a fool as bo was to go out to Australia and lead a loose sort -of a life there, and go oat in a boat with a lot of common fellows, oot gentlemen even, and then be drowned because he couldn't swim.'- ' L I dont watt fe. say a word against a dead man,9 remarked . Arthur ; bnt nothing surprises me mors man neanng Sir John spoke of wibh affection. I had fancied him si vpry objectionable fellow;' ' I was ! always fond; of ' John,9 Sir Hildebrand replied shortly, and dropped the subject. : . Bat Arthur Torrington could not mate up bis mind that his cousin John had been agood fellow, or. that any amount of wild -oats sown and done - with cooid have made bim' worthy of Maud's; hand. ... It was hie bwn -earnest-determination; tq be himself worthy of pis wife and bis. position, and in his Bchemes .for. their future 'life' he had toadh . for he. benefit of jtte ' j»or ana, iinhlurated, which' iatvfirBt perhaps a littie disqaietedi Maadi' bhjbwlilch .shi'soro' became an much taterested fe as iu was. Suf Hildebrand subscribed ' handsomely to: everything that, as Sir Hildebrand, he ; ought to subscribe to, bnt beyond suoh bestowal of superfluous cash he did .not tike personal interest in the classes beneath him, nor had. Aland been brought up to do so, though the loving influence of Arthur's noble nature modelled hers to be all that he 'could with. : ' ' Von see, darling,' heiaid, 'I have a fesr of misaangour positions, and am haunted by a sense of its uncertainty.' 'Why, what on earth can. be more certain than onr happiness, Arthur ?' 4 Yes, Maud, ore earth— but there is such a thing as death, yon know ; in one: moment I might lose everything as Sir John did. I owe all I possess to a sadden"- death, and I owe you, Mand, to that also.9 'Well,' Mand said, a little pale ; ' hot only death can separate as — and we are young and strong. Wo are safe in each other — nothing can change us except death.' -'Only if I were not a baronet and had not ten thousand a-year,' began he, smiling. \- in, Bat you are, one enw im patiently. 'And nothing can ever make you anything else. That one thing Is certain ; you always, as long as you live, wiH. be a baronet with ten thousand a-year. Don't go on abont that any more, please, or I will say if I had been a linendraper'e daughter you would never have asked me to marry you.' (To be concluded.) 