THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 8, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, bnt be was ready enough to give all he bad for one thiog be hadn't got. Here is bis story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to . fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neok. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm, I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out ol my earB. I became exhausted and Bhort of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. "I then weotas out-patient to the Not* tingbam Hospital, and after attending there for six mouths was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me a recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, how* ever, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads, " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and Borne days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888. when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spittiug up phlegm, sometitm 8 as much as a teacupfal at once, and was afraid to go to s'etp for fear the phlegm, w.vld choke me, At this iime the whites of my eyts turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few houis at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands-nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervouB I couldn't bear the leaBt noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said,* I can do you no good; I can onty patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that coBt 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, * Well, you won't cmgh mwh longer, you hwe merely to prepare for another world.' " About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Taiham, whowotks in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, . Ton, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Surup ?' and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my Wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After takiug the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out fur a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improve* ment, and I told him. as I tell 'every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup bad saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a ay's work since. " Of course, my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup f r six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to. the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin re quests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardeuer, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excelleut reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered? JVft galoping c n>umptton, ertamty (as one of 'he d -'to s th -lightj, o> he would have t/al oped >nt his grave in /est thin three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, M ther Seigel's Syrup, waa used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive taicf o yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. The Albury correspondent of the Melbourne Jhvemng Standard wired on January 15: , .'The police this morning, under most ex traordinary circumstances, applied for the cancellation of a warrant for the arrest of a man named Coulson, charged with deserting an illegitimate child. It appears that the mother of the child-a young woman-an plied for a warrant for the arrest of the father and a description of the wanted man was given m the Police Gazette, with the result that a young man was arrested at Forbes whose description tallied most accurately with that of t e child deserter. However, on be ing brought to Albury-a distance of over JOO miles-and confronted with the woman, she unhesitateingly pronounced that the i'orbes man was not the man she was in search of. He was accordingly released from custody and since then has made such good use of his time that after a few days' courtship he led the young woman to the hymeneal altar an I carried her and the child back with him to Forbes. He furthermore told the police that he was willing to recognise the child as his own. The cancellation of the warrant was forthwith ordered. The wearied and anxious business man should use WOIFE'S SCHNAPPS. The wharf builder is a man who is pretty Bure to bo tried by his piers* 