Literary News, Notes, Etc. Princess Pauline Metternich is said to be about to publish her reminiscences. It is stated that the condition of M. Guy de Maupassant is now considered to be hopeless. The Athenoum says there ÍB some chance of Mr. R. L. Stevenson visiting England next year. . Mr. Mortimer Menpes proposes to execute a series of illustrations of child- life in every part of the globe. Mr. W. D. Howells is represented to have stated that he makes at the outside from £2000 to £3000 a year by his pen. Sir Frederic Leighton has offered to paint without remuneration one of the designo with which it Í6 intended to embellish the panels in the ambulatory of the Royal Exchange. The number of panels to be decorated is twenty-four. Mr. Louis Stevenson's book cn Samoa (" Eight Tears of Trouble in Samoa") will be ready on Aug. 8, and before the month is out (says the Pall Mall) Messrs. Cassell will also publish his promised work of fiction, " The Beach of Ealesa and the Bottle Imp." The Chronicle* hears " that a volume of essays and reviews by Thackeray-which has hitherto «scaped the eye and the zeal of the literary resurrectionist-will shortly be given to the reading public by a N ew Tork firm. Tue authenticity of these productions, the potboilers mainly of the writer, has been established beyond all doubt, and will prove a most welcome addition to our already large assortment of ' Thackeriana.' " An indignant Scot has written to the Pall Mall, complaining of the title given to that excellent and popular series, " English Men of Letters." They have appropriated Burns already, and uow have added Carlyle to their English writers ; and yet (adds the correspon- dent) the series is edited by a Home Ruler and a Nationalist, Mr. John Morley. The Aihenoum points out, by the way, that " Scotch critics will be justly vexed at the use of ' English' for British on the title page of Mr Robinson's ' Colonial Chronology.' " A letter of Mr. Chapman, the publisher, in the Standard of August 9, would seem to show that the popularity of Dickens is now greater than ever. The sale of the novelist's works last year was four times as large ns that of 1869, the year before Dickens died, and Mr. Chapman adds :-" Since ' The Pickwick Papers' have been out of copyright no less than eleven London publishers have brought out editions, and in the face of that we have sold of ' Pickwick' alone 521,750 eopies during the last twenty-two years." Lord Tennyson received lately a num- ber of congratulatory messages on his eighty-third birthday. The Laureate (says the Telegraph) has a family party with him at Aldworth, comprising, in addition to Lady Tennyson, the Hon. Hallam and Mrs. Tenny- son and their children, together with the poet's grandsons, the children of the late Hon. Lionel Tennyson, who are now home for the holidays, and took part in a cricket matah at Godalming. The stoppage of Literary Opinion has enabled Mr. Patchett Martin to devote more of his time to that biography of Lord Sher- brooke, on which for some time past he has been engaged. Tet the work is not going on very fast. Like many other short-sighted people, Mr. Lowe wrote an exceedingly bad hand - so bad that he could not always decipher it himself-and his caligraphy is a puzzle to his biographers. It is expected, nevertheless, that the book will be out by the end of the year. One would think (writes "P." in the Globe) it would be of advantage to hurry it, since the reputation of Lord Sherbrooke is one of those that are almost certain to fade. A unique book by au American millionaire is to appear shortly. Mr. Heber Bishop, who possesses incomparably the finest collection of jades in the world, recently visited Pekin and made large additional purchases. Now, it is said, he proposes to publish a volume on the subject, which will cost £20,000 to bring out, and to bind each copy in a binding costing £24¡. The edition will be limited to 100 copies, which will be distributed by the author to the chief Governments of the world, many of the crowned heads, and the principal public libraries. Then the plates will be destroyed. The jade is the most valued ornament of the Chinese, perfect specimens fetching enormous prises, and its delicious green and white will lend itself to exquisite illustration. A curious legacy has come into the possession of the library of the French Academy. It was left to it (the Doily News Paris correspondent writes) by a gentleman of Poitou, and shows the difficulty of spelling and writing correctly the French language, which the duty of the Academy is to preserve in a state or purity, it is an albnm of cuttings from books, reviews, and newspapers, each containing a mistake of spelling or grommor made by members of the Academy since its foundation. Among notable mistakes of spelling committed by Academicians still living some have become celebrated, like that of the Due d'Audiffret-Pasquier, formerly President of the National Assembly, who, in his candidate's letter soliciting the honour of admission to the body of immortals, wrote academy with two c's. The Due d'Aumale's most celebrated slip is in his letter devising his Chantilly estate to the French nation, in which codicil is spalt as in English, the I French word being " codicille." A Paris correspondent says Messrs Wertheimer, the London art dealers, have brought an action before the Civil Tribunal against Baron Franchetti, who three years ago was a dashing attaché at the French Embassy of Constantinople, to recover a bill of £22,000 for the furnishing of his rooms, Quai Voltaire. Among the items are a Louis XVI. casket, with medallion, £950 ; a piece of sixteenth-century jewellery, £320 ; a tortoiseshell box, with miniature by Cosway, £500 ; a pair of Louis XVI. brackets, £480 j a tray from the collection of. the Marquis of Exmouth, £1700; two distempers by Law- rance, £400 ; two pictures by Boucher, £2500 ; j an old Sèvres vase, with figures, £900; a pair of Louis XV. brackets, Louis XV. marqueterie, and metal, £3500 ; three old painted Sèvres vases, £4500. Baron Franohetti is alleged to have paid only £1600. Messrs. Wertheimer distrained on his furniture, and the proceeds ' of the sale amounted to £440, which the landlord claimed for rent. They now claimed payment of their bill. Counsel for the defendant asked that it might be submitted to an appraiser, or be reduced at least by one-third. The Court reserved its decision for a week. ' The'latest rage in the matter of house decoration is for Japanese embossed wall papers. These, owing to their cost, hare hitherto only been used in big houses ; but I they are now creeping into more general use, ' and big manufactories in Japan are making them specially for the English, American, and Continental markets. Bat the designs of these embossed papers are not native ; the Japan- ese have borrowed some of the most beautiful Venetian, Dutch, French, and old English designs, and adapted tbem to their purpose, as will be seen from the papers which may be found at any of the London WeBt-end deco- rators'. If the fashion grows it will be a bad time for the artists, for people will desire no pictures. The Japanese (says the Pall Mall) are also devising a broader artistic scheme for wall decoration, though the fashion is not altogether new. Their water-colour work I men are designing panels, some of them twelve feet in height, full of flowers, birds, or fishes, for decoration of the room. Each in itself ÍB a painting in water-colours, and is a work of original art, and without a doubt the idea promises to open up a new road to our younger artists if they will but take the hint, though it is doubtful if they could work at the low rate of wage that must be paid to these Japanese folk. Possibly there may be some secret in the matter. The " submerged tenth" in Japan may all be bom artistB. Madame Adelina Patti is engaged on her autobiography, which will appear at the same time in London, Paris, and M'lan. In the course of hiB address at a recent celebration of the Shelley centenary Mr. Edmund Gosse said :-While a grateful England is cherishing Shelley's memory aud congratulating herself on his majestic legacy of song to her, we may reflect, almost with amusement, on the very different attitude of public opinion seventy and even fifty yearB ago. That he should have been pursued by calumny and prejudice through his brief, mis- represented life, and even beyond the tomb, can surprise no thinking spirit. It was not the poet who was attacked, it was the revo- lutionist, the enemy of kings and priests, the extravagant and paradoxical humanitarian. It is not needful, in order to defend Shelley's genius aright, to inveigh against thoae who, taught in the prim Behool of eighteenth century poetists, and repelled by political and social peculiarities which they but dimly under- stood, poured out their reprobation of his verses. Even his reviewers, perhaps, were not all of them "beaten hounds" and "carrion kites"; some, perhaps,_ were very respectable and rather narrow-minded Eng- lish gentlemen, devoted to the poetry of Shenstone. The nearer a thing ia, in the true seDse, the slower people are to accept it, and the abuse of the Quarterly Bevieto, rightly taken, was but a token of Shelley's opulent originality. Mr. Gosse, in response to a vote of thanks, alluded to the valuable services of Mr. Stanley Little and Mr. Robinsen, the bon. secretaries of the committee. In the National Observer is a clever dia- logue reflecting satirically upon the recent celebration of the Shelley centenary. The scene is a wharf on the Styx. In the back- ground are the shores of the grave, and in the middle distance Charon and his barque returning for freight. In the foreground is a crowd of ghosts just landed, to whom hastens the shade of Shelley, inquiring for " the last from London, please !" One'John JoneB responds, the burden of whese replies to the poet's eager questions is, "Clare, Harriett, Mary, Jane." Shelley inquires whether he is still an influence on earth, and is assured that he is; but on learning that the world haB not obeyed his prime eommand, and abolished God, he shows some irritation, and asks how he is an inftuenoe on earth. Whereupon Jones (as manly as he can be) replies :-Master of Song, O Bard, to whose rapt strain the whole British race gives heed (and France would do so too an she could)-. for many reasons! This gent haunts thy shrine, because thou wert a thinker who, for our sins, had never time for thought ; that other one, becauBe he holds his Byron tommy rot. To Brown thou art a kindred soil that would have gone in Jaeger-clad, hadst thou I not lived or Jaeger was ; to Jones thine appe- tite for vegetables consecrates and crowns thy verse ; to Robinson and Smith and Green thy name and fame are precious for the sake of what they read about-but not in-thee ! But Brown and Green and Jones and Robin- son and Smith-in fact, the reading world at large I-are all agreed to adore in thee the man whom Harriett, Mary, Jane- Shelley (»topping his ears) : O Tartarus ! To think that I made light of Deity and still preferred the aweleas soul of Man ! [¡Exit running. Tlie ghost of Jones pursues, still calling ladies' names. Curtain!} 