TALK O' THE TOWN. Each Hly SUttgrado. with Its |iolioiious pill Files tu the Printer s Devil.— Hoiucc Nairn. The Parliamentary Session is drawing to a close, and 1 don't think anyono is sorry Tor it. The Assembly hns been sitting now for noarly nine months, but nothing of any real importance hus been dono, except the defeat of u Government and the subaequrut introduction of a tariff, which seuins to have been framed more to produco revenue tbuu to establish Protection. U'liou tho llouso assembled in July Sir Henry Purkes was in power, but now Mr. Dihbs sits in his place in that gorgeous Colonial Secretary's ollico, which Sir lloury, during a previous term, furnished icgard- loss of oxpoiise. Tho Luhour Party is responsible for the chungo. Sir Henry tried to maitugo thut body, and lie succeeded for n timo. His friend, Single-Tax Cuttoii, kopt tho "bulnucoof puwor " pretty straight for some months, but ut last there was sum' kicking over Iho traces, nud thun down went MuGinty. Tho purty broke up, and has remained split over since. Probably nn one will regret this. The presence in tho Assembly of u solid party of thirty members, who were reudy to voto any side- who plainly announced tlmt iheii votes wera for salo, uud those who gave the most concessions would got them- was a danger to the emuitry and to Puriiuinontory government— ami it was, in very many senses, a blessing that thurc was a disruption. Although the result was i'ro tectum, still that wai far nrcfcrablu than what would have eventually followed if the Labour Party had remained solid. Had the Party main tained its power, und if Ministers wore willing to retain otliec ut tho cost of their independence, wi- should very soou have had tho most oppressive aim <>uc-ftidod oluhs legislation. When the new Pariiu moot met, the Labour Purty wus ttueuteuM> liouncible. Now it is us quiet as Us worst ciiuim> could wish. It hus bcuu taken down several peg-, and even the bumptious gcntlemun who uuiiouucrii tho mission of thu party to ho to oreatu precedent, not to follow them, hus found his level. Thu " free puss" eplsmlu Ins toned him down, and In is just about as harmless us an "extinct volcano." " Look here," I heard a nun say the other day. and thero was 11 ring uhout his voice which sho - en his s'liuerlty, "I rtati they'd Itaug tuts vtuuhiw get rid of hhu some nay — for ho bus complete!) demoralised tiio newspapers. Thcru's nothing in them hut him." Aud 1 think most people will endorse this pious thought. The newspapers have certainly boomed the business, but tlivu they haw merely provided the food for which the public craved. If rcadors did not devour thu news, the papers would soon desist from publishing it. In Eiigiuml things arc even worse thun hero. Twenty- two additional telegraphic operators have had to bo scut to Rainhill, and extra rooms etigaeod. Thu English reading public has just as morbid u taste as tho Australian. They like it there hot, strung, und spicy, just as well as wu do out lime. The saying that a live dog is licttcr that a dead lion is us old as the hills, and qnitu us true now as when it was first uttered. To give an illjBira- tion. Iu tho Mudgco Borough Council the other day, an ulderinnn moved that a portrait of thu late Sir Johu Rohortsoti bu purchased and bung in tho Council Chambers. The motion, the report suys, was lost, nobody hut the mover voting for It. A few years ago, In tho very town whure this occurrod, Sir John wus run after, toadied to, and metaphorically carried shoulder high. Now noil" so po »r as to do him reverence. Then hu was in u position to extend patronage, and consequently was the recipient of gratitudo for fuvours to come— tho enly gratitude, iudcod, that can he counted upon in Liiis uiuiiuriuii age. xu-tiuy, ii> is uuuiimr uwu of " Imperial Cresar, dead and turned to day, &t;\" The Mudgco pcoplo when thoy wanted a railway would huvc built u statuo of Sir John, if they thought It would have qutckenod bis adoption of the oxtcusiou. Now, however, tho town cuiinot afford a palry portrait testimonial to tho good old man's great services — services that w-vro ungrudgingly given to Mudgeo and its people. The following from a contemporary has a moral, which is particularly recommended to railway travellers. It refers to tho Iuto Judge VVrixon, of Victoria. The Judge, "who was a genial Irish man, and purticulurly proud of his faculty for remembering fuces, was once travelling ou a stage coach in the North of Victoria, when a smart young woman boarded the vchictu at a roudaido stopping place and took up an outside scat next to tho Judge. The latter frit sure he hud seen her some- i where before, but tho young lady scutue-1 surupii- ; lously to avoid looking towards thu Judge, At j last his curios. ty overmastered his prudence, und ho addressed his fair companion — ' Pardon me, : madam, your features uro somewhat familiar, hut, ! strange to say, I cannot recall tho prealse ciruum- stances under which wo met. I certainly rcineni- ; her our having mot somewhere.' Then did the damsel turn to the Judgo with flushing eye und aggressive mien, 'Remember mo, yuu old vaga- houd, so you ought. It's not long since yuu guvo mo three months in Melhonruo For two pins I'd sling you off tiio couch.' As sho looked us if sho ineaut it the Judgo rupcutcd his indiscreet speech and hastily took un iuslde scut," Australia, like America, seems to be the happy hunting ground of impostors. A fellow hus only to create lilmsvlf Lord Somebody or Count Nuwhero J and ho Is bound so gut on all right. Don Miranda, nhout thirty years ago, fooled Syduuy, humbuggo i tho Government Houso sot, und hit ono of our banks for £30,000. Tlwu came Count Von Attems, with his yacht, "IJainlet'a Ghost." Ho wus caressed und dundled hy tho crcine of Sydney, and then disunpeurcd one flue morning, leaving behind hiin u full crop of debts. When it wus subsequently discovered thut he was a German baron's vulut there was a good deal of wcepiug,' and sovcrul rich old fogies, who hud placed their purses at his dis posal, nuurly w ent off in fits of apoplexy, and many manoeuvring matrons, who sighed to see thoir daughters oven German couutcsses, Indulged iu vorj bad language. By the way, llolf llatderwood introduces tho Von Attorns' incident into his "Colonial Reformer." 'Thu last thing in impostures is reported from Tusmanio. A telegram from thero tells that " a society sensatiou hus occurrod at Hobart. Thomas Milium supposed to have lately been a barber in Sydney und tho West, wus arrested on Monduy night on a charge of child desertion. Somo timo ago he announced himself us ' Lord Leamington ' Ho arrived in Hobart, accom panied by his 'wifo,' to recruit his houlth, and, undor tho title givon, stayed at tho Orient Hotel. JIo attracted g>eat attention by the stylo of bis j cquipago. drees, and his fondness for social oujoy- ment, and drovo cvuryw£QJ&5??tcccivcd the hospitality of the clubs, amTvuitcd Government House and tho war vessels in tho harbour. Ocoa- lioojdly be oooupied the vice-regal box at the theatre. Tho warrant described hiin as dresser. Society in Hoburt Is terribly scandalised at tho disalosurcs." Certainly it is. But somehow I can't sympathise with the deluded. My admira tion for t'.o burbur who o woll duped tho tuft hunters is greater than my sympathy lor those who wero taken in. As I predicted, there is to bo no shwt session. Ou Tuesday evening Mr. Burton, who is leading the House, owing to the illness of the Premier, announced thut tho Idea of a special session to deal with tho one man ono voto Electoral Bill had been abandoned. Except from those party politicians, who expected this move to bring thorn closer to a Ministerial portfolio, there will bo no complaints. It was imprudent promising such a session, und it certainly Is wise dropping it. Tho sky will not full hcuauso " one man one voto " is uot tho law of the laud. Under uuy ciroumstuncus, to puss un Electoral Bill would mean a dissolution, and that I tlii k neither tho country nor the majority of hnnorahlo member want. It may bo tho present House Is no groat shakes— und I certolu'y am not ready to quurrol w<th unyono who abuses it— but what guuruutco havo uo thut Its successor will bo uny better? Experience has shown during tho past fifteen years that ovcry succucdiug Purllatnunt is a transition from better to worse. From nil accounts thu Bathurst Show, which takes place nuxt week, will be far and away the most interesting und imposing event of thu year. There ate to hu high jinks in tho City of tho I'lulns. His Excellency the Goveruor and his Countess arc to attvud, and, of course, thero wilt be any number of mombcra of Parliament, and all thut kind of thing. From Tuesday to Friday, it wilt bo a round of cercmouy and pleasure. The to liiivo a big demonstration. What in Musculo language is called " tho temnlo " is to he dedicated. That is to he followed hy a banquet, ut which the " free and acceptcds from all point« of tho compass, i-xccpt, of course, that ley north which has no pluco Iu the fraternity's mnp of tho world, aro to assist. Next day tho Show formully opens, ami at night thero is to ho a hunniiot, at which tho uhii ul amount of lluimnory and flattery will ho snouted. Thu nuxt night thore is to be a bull, and the happy pcoplo who dunco In the first set with the Eurl und Countess will be tho envied nf all their neighbours for years to oome. Bathurst never had such a programme as that luld down for noxt week, and the old town will uudoubtedly have a bully time uf it. WILL HONEYCOMB. 