$jto*£8 and (ftommtitfa. THE Melbourne unemployed say they are rather tired of hearing about One man- one-vote. The pressing necessity is one man one square feed a day. MB. A. SMALL has been re-elected chairman of the Belyando Divisional Board, and Mr. J. Burn, of Betro, chairman of the Peak Downs Board. Mr. S. Griffin has been appointed Mtyuo of Clermont by the Government. THE Criminal Court in New South Wales is making short work of the numerous deposit bank managers and directors who have been lately hauled before the judges in great numbers. Seven years with hard labor is the usual sentence. THE Victorian Ministry are em barrassed by the difficulty of obtaining representatives in the Upper House, to engineer the One-man-one-vote measure. The Victorian Upper Chamber is elective, and their rejection of electoral reform means more than it did in the nominee House of New South Wales. THE Bev. C. H. Spurgeon is suc ceeded by his brother James Spurgeon, who for many years have been co-pastor of the Tabernacle with his elder brother. James is not an eloquent preacher like Charles, but be is better than the general run of Baptist ministers in England. IT would be interesting to know if prison warders fire with deliberate aiiw at escapees, or whether they merely bang away with rifle or revolver to frighten a runaway. At Wagga Wagga last week a six months sentenced man who had only a few weeks to serve bolted from the gaol. The warder in pursuit emptied the six barrrels of his revolver at the fugitive, but did not hit him, and he was subsequently captured by some persons attracted to the place by the noise of the firing. THE irrepressible Myalls still have an occasional cut in at the interloping white man, but their little scalping episodes have generally been restricted to the northern districts of Australia. The latest in this line is the murder by the natives of the Mocarthur Biver, N.T., of two station hands named Clarke and Doolinth, employed on Bowgan fifty miles east of Anthonys' Lagoon. These poor fellows were toma hawked, but their mate escaped and gave information of the tragedy at Brunette station. As an indication of the improve ment of the outlook that is now aB good as settled that the colony is to be favored with an extension of the kanaka labour (says the Bundabtrg Mail), the streets on Saturday night last were crowded with people who opened their hearts and purse-strings and made glad the purveyors of fine clothes and inside lining in the shape of comestibles and fluids. THE Emperor of Germany has uttered words, which might with propriety be u«ed to those gentlemen who are for ever declaring against the Governments of Queens land. The Kaiser iB reported to have said that those who were dissatisfied with the way in which the country was governed ought to leave it. In Queensland we can only say it is a pity that the gentlemen who are continually growling against the Govern ment ever came to the country. Had there been no vote for Government pauper immiga tion, the community wouldneverliavehad Hie pleasure of counting Messrs. Glassey and Casey among their fellow colonists. "WILLIAM D. GOEDON, son of a clergyman, pleaded guilty, at Darlington, to two summons charging him with offenceB against the Lottery Act. The solicitor for the prosecution said the defendant offered prizes through newspapers for solutions of words and figure transpositions. In one case over 4000 persons entered at Is. eaoli, and the defendant netted £218. In other cases about 6000 persons entered, from whom the defendant receivedaltogether £1000. Defen dant was fined £25 on each summons, or, in default, three months' imprisonment on each summons. "WHILST the Colonial Treasurer was under cross-examination as a witness for the defence in the Queensland Investment and Land Mortgage Company's case, he was asked if a certain loan was a good investment for the mortgagee, the mortgagor not having for two years paid any interest. 8ir Thomas replied:-" TeB, I have pulled many aman out of a hole by advancing him money when he could not pay his interest, and some of the best bnsiness the company ever did was done in that way. Will your Honor (turning to the Bench) take that down." The Chief Justice, to whom the experience of being asked by a witness to take down certain evidenoe given by him must have been deoidedly novel, seems to have ti^en to the occasion in his quiet offeotave way, for the paperareport him as asking " Shall I make A sketch of the . hole' as well," whereupon there was much langhter. " THE largest fees ever received by jurymen in Australia were paid to those who sat on the great railway case, Cornish and Bruce r. The Queen, trial at Bar, Melbourne, in the sixties. Each man received six guineas per day for 42 days' sittings. George Higginbotham appeared for the Queen, with B. A. Billing. The other side secured Michie, Ireland, Fellows, and all the great lights of the then magnificent Victorian Bar. The verdict was for the plaintiffs, nominally for 40s., really for over half a million sterl ing. WE thought that the last session of Parliament was the most productive of new legislation. But it seems we are not perfect vet in this direction, judging from the fol lowing remarks in the Q:wen*lander, which says :-" Never before was Queensland in a condition demanding so much legislate attention, so much careful study of all the available means for industrial improvement, or so much sacrifice of the time and personal convenience of the members of her Parlia ment. What has been facetiously termed 'the great loan industry' has notoriously failed us ; we can obtain no market for our surp.us stock, and it is becoming increasingly difficult to find an outlet for our surpluB labour. The colony is also suffering from the effects of the breaking of a great boom in land and mining values. The mainspring of the country, in fact, has ' run down,' and it becomes the duty of Parliament to attempt to wind it up again." THE Minister for Education during his recent visit to Townsville spoke very much in the same strain-only with con siderably more eloquence, as one of the can didates at the recent election for the Barcoo. He said, " Is there a man in Australia who has devoted so much time, intelligence, and sympathy to what is ironically termed the working classes, as Sir 8. W. Griffith ? Is there a man, no matter of what rank, possess ing the faintest conception of right, who does not blush for the treatment to which he has been subjected by the so- called leaders of class opinion ? If those men who have shown themselves destitute of the ordinary courtesy of the savage obtain the Govern ment of this colony it is time for those who have built it up in the labor and energy and pride of their youth to retire, and vacate every position of public truBt in favour of candidates whose chiefest claims to distinc tion seem to be based upon an apprentice ship to ignorance, insolence, infatuation and crime. For if they had less ignoranoe they would know that by putting the axe of dis trust and destruction to every public interest they are but destroying themselves. If they had a little more common sense they would know that insolence is a poor passport to popularity and a strong evidence of mental imbecility. (Applause.) If they had a little less infatuation they would learn that sooner or later the folly and wickedness of their designs will be perceived by their dupes, and that distrust will terminate their political existence." A MEETING of stockowners and those interested in providing an outlet for surplus stock was held in Clermont last week. A great many resolutions were passed without much discussion, and a committee was formed to make inquiries concerning oost of erecting boiling and chilling works, and selection of site adjacent to railway line. Also to get pledges from stockowners to submit to a stock-tax, to defray cost of works. Mr. Bell, who objected to the first re solution, said, " There would first be a stock tax of, say, 6d. per head on cattle, and Jd. or Id. on Bneep. That would realise about £200,000. Parliament should appoint a com mittee to dispose of this, and form a National Co- operative Company in whioh those who contributed the tax should receive shares. Say a man contributed £100 he received 100 fully paid up shares. A market should be formed and managed properly. Receiving stores should first be opened in London ana other placeB, and then retail shops be estab lished so that Australian beef and mutton could probably be placed before the publio at a fair prioe, and do away with the rot now sold in London under the name of Australian meat. The scheme would pay well and they could start freezing worke of their own on a co-operative principle. In three years the present evil would be remedied. If they only succeeded in raising the price of cattle 6s. per head they would effect an immense benefit." " Sxe HENBY PONBONBY has, by command of the Queen, written to Colonel Coulson expressing sympathy with his efforts to put an end to the oruel sport of rabbit coursing, to which he is calling attention. Her Majesty asks to be further informed on the subject." So Bays an Home paper, but what about hare and fox ooursingP' Are these sports not to be regarded as cruel also P In the Australian colonies, the squatters are doing their best to exterminate "poor bunny " ,and it's their troubles what course is pursned so long as the nuisance is abated. They spend heaps of money to rid themselves of what they oall a " pest," and they are continually Haijfing with the various Govern ments for their indolence in not assisting them substantially to accomplish thin pur pose. He thought of starting an industry lor preserving rabbits is never considered, although a large quantity of tins labelled " Babbit and onions " are imported into these colonies from England every year. Her Majesty would be more shooted if die witnessed the wholesale daughter of the innooenta who only a few years ago was thought to be a great boon to the ookmies. THE following is tke pith of a eer mon preached by the Rev. Henry Howard, pastor of the Warragul Wesleyan Church, which caused some sensation. His dis course was based on the story of Ananias and Sappliira. " Why do people give ?" exclaimed the reverend gentleman. " Is not much of the giving in the church to-day simply an imitation ? Is it not simply an outward act t Why do the people give here in this church ? 1 have not the slight est hesitation in saying that if the plates ; this morning, instead of being taken round by the stewards, were pl&oed; at the doors, instead of having our usual £4 or £5 col lection we should have only IBs. or £1. But I am not going to make the experiment; it would be too risky. But what does this mean P It means that we are putting our money in the plate simply because other people do. 8o that the whole of our giving in countless instances is a miserable simul ation- it is a shnm. I know, too, that there are persons in tliis church this morning who cheerfully gave 6s. to go to the circus, bnt who drop a paltry threepenny-piece into the plate on Sunday, and part with that with a pang. I have, moreover, been told by those who are most interested in the matter, that there are men in this town who have stood in tradesmen's books for years past, and are likely to for years ts come, who make no effort to pay their debts, but had the shame less impudence to appear at that circus in reserved seats. I say this is grossly immoral, and I maintain tliat the standnra of com mercial honeBty in this town must be un speakable low when such despicable mean ness can lift up its head. What right has any man to make his grocer or hiB butcher | pay his admission to any place of amuse- j ment ? That is what it means. There are a i number of human parasites in this town who are living on society. Tliey seem to think that society owes them a living; but I hold that they ought to be smitten from tke body politio, degraded from citizenship, and de prived of its rights. There are men in this town who drink the best whiskey and smoke the best cigars, and spend their money in numberless ways upon themselves, but who begrudge the smallest contribution to the cause of Christ. But, my brothers, when the dividends of the Kingdom of Heaven are declared, some of you will wish you had put more of your capital into this investment. THE people of Peterborough are greatly disturbed concerning the extraor dinary proceedings of a ghost. Some months ago a small house in Msyor's-walk was to let, and it was taken by a railway man named Rimes, whose family consisted of his wife, brother, wife's brother, and three children. Ever since going into the house they have been subject to the most extraordinary and terrifying experiences, until they were driven from the place. For a long time they be lieved they were being made the subject of a practical joke, and every means was adopted to discover the perpetrators. Neighbors and others were called in, who were all night watching, but they fled from the place in terror. A private detective, who had been BucceBsful in exposing impostures of a ghostly character, was also called in, bat he fled before the morning dawned. While the inmates were in bed an invisible hand lifted the bed clothes, and threw them on the floor. The doors would be shaken with great viol ence. On one such oooasion a door was partly broken, although Rimes was in the room at the time. But, perhaps the most terrifying part of the proceedings was the unearthly noises that accompanied these manifestations. One witness states that it was like a portion of the houBe falling in with a crash. Another described it as though a cart load of bricks had been lipped up in the house. The noises varied, and occasion ally were like a table laden with crockery being overturned. The private detective says he heard what he imagined to be a sack of coals drawn along the landing, and then thrown down the stairs. Strange to say, however although the noises were so great as to alarm all the neighbors, nothing in the house was over found displaced. The visit ations were almost invariably preceded by a low humming noise, as if caused by a rushing wind. The neighbours declare that houses have been shaken as if by the report of a cannon. The noises were not always so dreadful. The Friday before Christmas Day, ; and the last night but one of the old year, ' were said to be the worst, and the noises on : those days are said to have been most hide- ; ous, while several of the other houses in the . vicinity were shaken, and the residents were i awakened by the noise and greatly alarmed. A number of witnesses, who had volunteered ' to watoh in and about the house, all declare i themselves incapable of explaining the ex traordinary phenomena they witnessed. NEWCASTLE (N.S.W.) POBBBBBBB an i I artistic criminal whose love for work has ] caused a vast amount of trouble. In the ' earlier stages of his nefarious oareer he used i to get into Maitland gaol now and then for 1 drunkenness, and on these oocasions he was ] employed in the dull monotony of mattrass- I making-a job whieh in its horrible dreari- 1 ness can only be compared with the eternal ; "stitch-stitch-stitch" of the ehirtmaker toiling in her attic. But on one unfortunate 1 occasion he was set to work on a big job of 1 masonry, and he took such a fancy to this < novel employment that, when his term was 1 up, he askea the chief warder to keep the 1 work for him, as he intended coming back to E finish it. Thereupon he went out, bailed up. 'f an astonished passer-by, and wrested his c loose cash from nim. He got hack promptly « to his beloved gaol, and pegged away at bis favourite employment. When his second sentence was finished he tore himself away reluctantly, and told the chief warder that he meant to get in again promptly for rob bery or something, and take another spell at the work. In pursuance of tliis promise he went into a shop and seized the till in the presence of the astonished proprietor. He got three months for this, but his contract being a .very large one, even that didn't finish it, and therefore, being once more ejected from the gaol, he got another short term for a violent assault on a policeman. Also, he has done various sentences for breaking windows, weltting harmless Btrangers with out provocation, petty larceny, damage to street lamps, and riot. The masonry con tract is now-thank heaven-nearly con cluded. On a rough estimate two more assaults on the police, the breakage of a large sheet of plate-glass, the use of bad language in a church and depositing rubbish in a public place, combined with unlawfully dis interring a dead body, keeping a common gambling-house and cutting off a Chinaman's pigtail will about see it through ; and after that, if they set this offender to mat-making again, he will probably retire from the ga<5 for good. WHILE Lady Jersey and Lady Galloway were in Maoriland recently, the train by which they were travelling from the Lakes to Kunedin was stuck up by floods at a country place called Milton. Learning that they would have to pass a night here, they telegraphed to the local hotel for rooms. By the same train, though, there travelled also the members of a second-rate variety company, including a conjuror, a song-and dance artist, and a two-faced, or two-voiced, or two-something woman, and tbpse also telegraphed for accommodation to the same hotel as the authoress of " One People, one Destiny." The variety people were tho first to arrive at the humble hostelry, and the unsuspecting proprietor took them for the Jersey party, and obsequiously Bhowed them to the best rooms-the only ones he had left in his house. Shortly afterwards Lady Jersey arrived and requested that she should be conducted to her rooms. The truth then dawned on the horror-stricken hotelkeeper and he begged the variety people to give up their rooms. But they refused to budge, and their Ladyships of Jersey and Galloway had to pass the night in the servants' bedrooms, the domestics being turned out fo make room for them. ? THIS is the character given to Sir Samuel Griffith by a democratic writer: No man lmng knows Sir Samuel better than I do. He is a lonely man, a stranger in the crowd, a sojourner among Ixis friends, much of Diogenes, mucn of Aristophanes, an isolated planet revolving on his own axis, his light brilliant without neat, surveying man kind from afar off through intervening ether colder than ice. His faith in mankind is small, his contempt boundless. As a Judge he would be. stern as Rhsdamanthus, un sympathetic as the grave. We may debate the merit of all his services to the country, but they have taken years from his life, made him prematurely old, and his name is un sullied by even an enemy's suspicion that personal gain ever influenced his legislation or administration. His energy is perpetual, hiB mental endurance apparently ezhaustless. His friendship is not born of ardent sympa thetic sensibilities, being little more than an impassioned recognition of merit. His friend is only a fine picture, and graceful statue. WHO is old Maclntyre of Dalgo nelly Station? The Bulletin relates some carious anecdotes of the old gentleman, of whioh the following are good speoimens: Mao. went down to be married once, and drove his wife back to the station in a buggy. One evening he left Madame in charge of the vehiole while he went off the road in search of water-and got thoroughly bushed. His wife passed a miserable night sitting in the buggy, the mosquitoes eating slabs out of her, and hanging on to a pair of reBtless horses, who naturally were indignant at not being let loose. Mac. returned to the buggy at daylight after wandering about all night, and told his wife that she ought always light a fire when a man was awav from camp at night. Not long after this Mac. got lost on the run, and as lie did not turn tip at night his wife became vary anxious, but remem bering her instructions, put a lighted candle in every window of the house, and caused numerous fires to be lighted round about. At midnight Mao's horse brought his tired rider within sight of the illuminations " Big camp of niggers, by gum ! " mut tered Mac. as he sneaked carefully away in an opposite direction. AXOIHEB old identity has joined the great majority. Last week an old lady named Mrs. Dulhunty, who had been inti mately connected with the early history of Dubbo (N.8.W.) died at the residence of her son, Mr. J. B. Dulliutity, at Bathurst. Her late husband, Mr. B. V. Dulhunty, was the proprietor of the once noted Old Dubbo sta tion, and also a large tract of country on the Macquarie and Talbragar rivers. About 80 years ago Mrs. Dulhunty left Old Dubbo for Woodhurst, near Fonto, in the county of Wellington, where she resided till a few weeks ago. The deceased lady was a sister to the late Colonel Gibbes, who held the post as Oollector of Customs before the ad vent of Responsible'Government in New South Wales. Mn. Dulhunty leaves a large family of sons and daughters and also grand children, who are residents of various parts jf New South Wales and Queensland. EIGHT COWS for the Tillage Settle ment arrived at the Alice River on Wednes day last. Six of them with calves at foot are from Delta Station bearing the well known TIF brand. THE Labor Federation has elected Mr. T. J. Ryan, but the Griffith Govern ment las not resigned. It was said freely that the election of a labor member for the Barcoo, would be accepted by the Ministry as a vote of want of confidence, and they would immediately release the Union prison ers and resign. Then Gilbert Casey was to contest the North Brisbane electorate, with one of the Lilley tribe to button for him on the nearest stump. WHILE Queensland is looking to the Kanaka as the only means of relieving* the present commercial depression, the states men of the Canadian Dominion are using; every possible means to induce the redundant population of the United Kingdom and Northern Europe to settle in Canada. A homestead of 320 acres is offered free of all cost, and ten dollars to every European head of a family who will settle in the North west territory, and five dollars each for eaoh member of the family over the age of 12 Ssars. Up to latest dates hundreds of ritish fanners were accepting the offer of the Canadian Government. A PA.STOBA.IJ8T who owns a large, but for some years past not very prosperous, property in the far north gives a southern paper an idea of the curious notions held by extremists among the shearers. One of the most dissatisfied of the shearers had shorn on this station for some years past, and being a good workman, had always taken away a good cheque. The proprietor was showing now little cause the shearer had to be dis satisfied, and, said he, "You put no capital into this station, and every yearyou get a good dividend, while I put a large sum of money into it, and so far from getting interest I havt> not got the value of a pipe of tobaoco out of it." The shearer knew ne was speak ing the truth, but said, " There's them banks and agents, they get a lot out of it, and we want a share of their gains." MB. SUB-INSPECTOR CASE h^a been creating a sensation last weei by prosecuting a man named John WiHis, formerly secre tary of the Wharf Laborers' Union, at Bock-' hampton. The charge against Willis was that he "boo-hooed" the Premier during biB late visit to that town. Both the magis trates and the Press attached but little im portance to the case, which, after occupying the Court for a considerable time was dis missed. When Sir Samuel visited Barcal dine and Longreach lately, there was plenty or " hooting and boo-hooing" at both places, and he, like a sensible maB, took but little notice of it. Inspector White has also been a little over-zealous, for on seeing a man hooting at the Barcaldine station immedi ately confronted him with a constable, and instructed the latter to look the man up if he was heard to hoot again. What a parcel of nonsense this is; for in a free country like this any person desirous of making a " donkey " of himself can do so if be thinks proper. So much for inspectors. A CORRESPONDENT of the London Evening Standard in an article on " What is to be done with our Girls," saysThat it is the girls, not the boys, who have beoome the chin anxiety to their parents and guardians. After explaining the reason why, the writer goes on to say, that "there are thousands of young men in Australia wanting wives, where there are few wives to be nad, and that there is a colonial career open to the surplus female population of England, if they ootild but once get to the other side of the globe. We remember the class of girls sent oat to the colony as immigrants nnder the auspices of the late Mrs. Caroline Chisholm, and if the writer is an advocate of despatch ing a few thousands of the same class out to the colonies again, we would prefer that it is left alone. The colonies are not desirous of further immigration, as they are with more girls than they can find husbands for, and the population of Australian-bom girls exoeeds the number of young men of marrying age. It is all very well for the home people to try and rid themselves of a particular class of girls by sending them out here to disgrace onr own race, but we do not think the various Governments will be per mitted to foil in with the writer's views. THE Hughenden Observer says: Many a man has been hung on circumstan tial evidence, but cases have been adduced to show that the clearest circumstantial evi dence is sometimes not to be relied on. Here is an instance whioh happened in Hughen den. A gentleman was sitting in his office in company with one of his employees-a young gentleman wjiose character is MM reproche. In a half-opened drawer of the safe was a bundle of notes which wen plainly visible. The gentleman was called out of his office for a few minutes, and dur ing his absence no one entered the room, yet on his return the notes were gone. Now who took them ? We think any jury would have no hesitation in saying the employee did, in spite of his irrepro&onable; character. The gentleman referred to however could not think so, in spite of the " circumstantial evidenoe." Shortly afterwards whilst cross ing the yard he saw one of the notes torn up. and further on another. Farther search showed a little terrier pup with thefe»Utio»; of the notes whioh he was worrying with the keenest relish. So muoh.for circumstantial evidence. . : 