CHAPTER XLIII. Iv there -were gloom and discomfort at the Ga lge-and Vera was gloomy after her return from the afternoon tea, she had a bad headache-she said, and went to her room there was joy and loving affection at Ray brook. Mrs. Blennerhasset welcomed Nellie with open arms and tearful eyes, and there was all a mother's love in theway in which she folded the girl to her loving heart and called her her own darling. ' Why did you not come to us?' she said, when she had taken her upstairs to the room that had been provided for her; ' there was a home for you here, Nellie.' 'I could not stay,' faltered Nellie. 'I heard all about it. I knew that I had no right to stay, and I had lost Neville. 'Ah, don't think I begrudge him to her now,' she added, with a warm blush. ' That was the best thing that ever happened to ne." It would not have been happiness for either of us.' 'It wouldn't be for you at any rate. Ah I my child, this has been a miserable business for us.all -you gone and that imposter in your place. Springfield has felt it I can tell you.' ' It is because you are so good to me that you call her an imposter,' Nellie said, gently. 'She is not that, you know-Milverstone is hers.' ' Milverstone is no such thing-it is yours. The squire says so, and he knows. Yes, we will go to him directly, he is anxious to see you, but I would not let him come out till you were rested a little. He is quite.himself, but be is weak still, and excitement :s bad Sfor him.' Nellie thought in her heart that Mrs. Blennerhasset was exaggerating. It was very pleasant to be here again, and to see her old friends once more, but in, spite of what Belton Leicester had said to her at Miss Darlington's house she could not help be lieving that it was only the love they bore her andtheir anxiety to see her righted that had produced the notion that she was indeed entited to the Grange. How could anything be plainer than what she had heard from the lawyers and her own uncle as well-at leaist Sir Darcie's brother ? She was delighted and surprised at the change for the better in the squire. When she bad seen him last he had been lying in sensible, with but small chance as it seemed of recovery. Now he was himself again, weaker and older looking than of yore per haps, but with a bead as clear as ever. - 'Welcome back, my dear girl,' he said. 'I wont say welcome back to the Grange till I see you there. It will not be many days before that comes about.' ' I wish I could believe it,' Nellie said. 'You may, child, it is true.' Mr. and Mrs. Deacon came presently to welcome her, and several other people to whom the news of her return was a pleasure indeed, and they were quite a comfertable party at the nice dinner that Mrs. Blenner hasset had ordered in honour of the arrival. 'Where is Mr. Leicester?' she suddenly asked. He was missing from amongst the guests;: He had said something about a critical case that he had to visit, one of the servants said, and had gone away while Miss Nellie was upstairs with the squire. ' Critical fiddlesticks!' said Mrs. Deacon with her. usual sharp way of retort. ' There isn't a single critical case in the place; there isn't an accident or a meagrimof any sort that need take him away. He does not want to be made a lion of, that's all, and all ithae village knows about last night's work.' ' He saved my life,' Nellie said, with teats in her eyes, ' How shall I ever repay it ?'i ' I think you will find that out sometime, child,' the rector's wife said. And! Nellie blushed and said no more. " Everyone here seemed to have read her thoughts, and she remembered the passionate ' hly darling' that had sounded.in her ears as she was being carried out of the blazing theatre. ' Oh if Milverstone were only mine and I could give it to him,' she thought, as she sat silent and preoccupied over her dinner. ' Why did be go away? I have. hardly'spoken to him yet. I have never thanked him.' It was Milverstone, or rather the notion of her again inheriting it, that was .coming between them now. He was at "home, no case but his own demanding his attention, and his was sickness enough. SHow can I bear it?' he said 'to himself. ' How' can I stay here and see herthere again and keep my love to myself? I cannot saiy. to her ' Come home to me, my darling,'. as!I could have done if I had fouind her poor and unfriended. I must, go; I cannot re main to be drawn into temptation and. seem like , that villain . yoider - a mean fortune hunter.,. I: .will but stay., to give w'hat evidence I can, and then I will .see ,her no more. I will: leave the country; there are doctors wanted for emigrant ships;. and there is. room for me on the other hemisphere. The bells that ring for her welcome home again shall be the knell of my life.here, I have stayed here too long for my peace, of mind already.' SThe squire'said nothing on this first.niglht of what he meant to do. Nellie must rest. he said, and the morrow woald do for all he. had to, clear up. The mystery should be cleared, they might rest assured of that. His wife had hardly. been able.to make-him out. during the past few days,.be had been so un like himself. He had asked questions till she said he had nearly driven her mad.. Not a single item of intelligence had he allowed to escape. 'All about Betty Bird' and her. sudden good fortunehid been goe over to him more than once, and Belton Leicester's story of her curious emotion on hearing of Vera's accession to the estates of the Grange had been carefully repeated to him. * I see light I' had beah his exclamation when he had well weighed the matter' in his own mind, and to his wife's question "f whence the light caime and what it was abstit, he replied : 'Find the child and you shall bear all about it.' No sign of doubt or hesitation appeared in anything he did, he was sure of what he had to do he declared and would bide his time. ' .Betty Bird in her comfortable hone had.no more idea of the stormthatwas gathering over her devoted head than had iny of the idlers about th'e"village, who had got' hold' of a vague.report that Miss Nellie was to coise back to Raybrook, but not a hint of any. thing further. SIt, was -something astonishing to Mrs. ;Bird to'be waited upon by a liveried servant 'fromt"Mr. Blennerhasset's and desired' to present herself at Raybrook without delay. Shewa'sa very different person now from the miserable wretch she had been. All the village knew that Mrs. Delamere was very kind to her, and she declared in her cups-in which state she appeared much seldomer than formerly-:hat she was of vital importance to the lady of the Grange. But the intelligence was mostly doubted, Betty went so very wide of the truth when she had been drinking. ' Squire Blennerhasset wants me, does he?' she said, sharply, to the man. 'Yes he does.' ' What for ?' 'That's his business. You had better be quick, he don't seem in a waiting mood this morning.' ' Why, what's up ?' ' I'don't know, but I was to ask you to be quick.' 'And suppose I won't come at all, what then?' ' I think you had better, the squire don't like to be crossed ; besides-.--' ' Besides what?' 'I think he means to make you if you won't,' the man replied, rather ambiguously. ' It's important.' Mrs. Bird was immensely curious, but not at all alarmed. She had. no idea that she was wanted for anything particular, and she decked herself out in her most gorgeous array, not forgetting the watch and the silk gown, and bade the man say that she would he at Raybrook as soon as she could get there. He-I told her courteously enough that he had a.conveyance waiting for her, and that his orders were to take her with him. Betty demurred for a moment, then yielded-she would have liked to call at the Grange on her road, and that was exactly what Mr. Blennerhasset wanted to prevent. No one knew of her expedition till one of the Grange servants told Vera's maid that he had seen her in the Raybroolk trap going there, and the woman conveyed the intel ligence to her mistress. ' Anid a pretty waymy lady was in about it,' she said, afterwards. ' Just like she was the day that old woman first came here. There is something wrong.' Betty Bird thought so when she was taken into the squire's room and found there not only Mr. Blennerhasset and his lady, but her bete noir, Mrs. Deacon, and the parson, to ,;say nothing of Belton Leicester and Nellie. She greeted the company with considerable nonchalance-it was none of her role now to he humble as she had been when it suited her in the old times-and waited for what was going to be said to her. ' I thought it was to see the squire I was to come,' she said, with covert insolence. So it is,' he said, quietly, 'and these ladies and gentlemen as well. We want a little information, Mrs. Westleigh, if you please.' ' Mrs. a-a-swhat ?' she gasped, she was taken by surprise. ' My name is- ' '.Mrs. Westleigh, the one I called you by. You are doubtless in the secret of how your daughter, the lady who has passed herself off as Miss Rivers, managed to establish a claim to the Grange. I see you know all about it. How came the fraud about ?' 'To say Betty Bird was astonished is a mild form of expressing.her state of mind. Shie stared at the speaker' in horror that showed itself in every line of her face and the-shaking of every limb, for she trembled like a leaf. 'I-I don't know what you mean,' she gasped. 'Someone has been telling false hoods.' 'I think not,' the clear voice of Mr. Deacon said, with pitiless accuracy. 'You -are ; Mrs. Westleigh, formerly an actress in the same company with the brother of Sir Darcie Rivers.' ' ' And 'whatit Lain? There is no shame in having bees on the stage that I know of.' S' Certainly not; the stage is an honourable profession in itself, it is the members of it that bring it'into: disrepute . But 'there is shame in a woman' stealing a husband's affection from his wife, and theni passing off lier'illegitiniat 'dffspring as' the proper heiress to a fdrtune-and an old name.' The woman'-was at bay now, and she turned like a hunted animal. I didn't,' she gasped, ' itis ball"a"lie.' ' 'It is all triue,' the rector said.' 'Let inme talk, Mr. Blennerhasset, please,' for the squire would have spoken in his excite ment. 'You did it with the connivance bf.the:niiserable man and his weakwife.?i It was your child that was foisted dn Sir Darcie as the daughter of his brother, which she really was, thouigh .with no honest title to the name. We have the whole particulars here. ;We want to know from you how Miss Westleigh managed to tamper with the letters she found.', ' 'I-I don't know,' said the miserable woman; the game was up and she saw:in thec stern faces around her that prevarication would be useless. '.I never, knew anything about the lady till she came here. I am not ' ' S' Not' her mother,' she would have added, but she could not, the words died on her lips and seemed to choke her, and the rector spoke again. ' The young woman was not aware that Mr. Blennerhasset held proof. of what we have asserted,' lihe said, 'or she would doubtless have hesitated before she tried so hazardous a game. The unhappy Mrs. R'ivers" made a full confession of the fraud that her husband had made her connive at, arid Sir Darcie 'when he died was perfectly aware' that the child of his brother had no legal claimson him.. Could he have-foreseen what:was going to happen I have no doubt he would have made the matter more public than he'did.t ' ' Isliad nothing to' doi with it,' gasped Betty Bird; *I. didn't know' where she was still I heard it from Mr. Leicester here.' 'But Y?u have traded on it since, you haveheld it over the head of the •wretched man: (who has .married your daughter, and you halae'accepted benefits from her to keep the secret. The letters by which .he mads' her claim gbod'were written by her unhappy mother to Sir Darcie'. confessing the fraud. She' is a' clever 'woman, Mrsn Westleigh, but she has turned her talents to bad account. She stands in danger of being arrested for ;conspiracy and .fraud by reason of her tam periag wi?tl those.letters.' I can testify to how she did it,' Belton Leicester said, as the woman wbuld bavie turned on them again with a volley of pro testations, ' at least, to her purchasing the necessary materials for the fraud. We only wanted your testimony, Mrs. Westleigh, that she is your daughter to complete the.chaii of evidence....... 'And ivhat if I deny it?' ' Then you will stand the chance of being arrested also.' Betty Bird was not proof against the threat of police.interference. It may be that there were other portions of her career that would not bear the investigating 'dye of the law; at any rate, before she left the presence of her accusers, a free woman as far as they were concerned, she had signed a full confession of her part in the conspiracy to foist the child on the baronet as his brother's daughter and the next heiress failing Nellie to the estates of Milverstone. CHAPTER XLIV. ,I hardly understand you, I think, Mrs. Downing.' It was Mrs.. Delamere who spoke in her haughtiest manner to the old housekeeper, who was wringing her hands after the fashion of nervous folk, and trembling as if she were in an ague fit. . ' It's true what I have told you, ma'am,' she said, looking, imploringly at Vera's impassive face. ' It was one of the Raybrook people who heard all about it and told me. Betty Bird has been bad up there and has told all she knows, and signed a paper, and its all known.' ' All what, pray ?' Vera's tone was as cold and her manner as defiant as if she had nothing whatever to do with the question in hand, and Mrs. Downing looked at her with astonishment, and wondered if the story which she had heard, and which was the simple trtith, was not a fabrication altogether. It was im possible, she thought, for anyone with such a secret in one's breast to brazen it out as Mrs. Delamere did. She had had a pretty truthful account of what had passed given her, and, coupling it with the drunken utterances of Betty Bird, which had been curious, to say the least of them, of late, she had arrived At a tolerably accurate notion of the state of the case. Vera had been a good mistress to her as far as justice went, though she had never been affectionate or considerate like Nelhlie was, and she thought if she could warn her in any way and help her to stave off the conse quences of what was happening she would. She was not a little dismayed at the way in which her advances were taken. Vera elected to know nothing about it and received her story with apparent incredulity. ' All about your being Mrs. Bird's daugh ter-at least Mrs. Westleigh's' she replied, timidly, 'and they say ma'am, that if you stay here you will be taken up.' 'Really, Mrs. Downing,. I must trouble you not to repeat such nonsense to me.' And the haughty face never altered, nor did the light fade out of the big dark eyes. Not a muscle stirred, and yet the heart under the rich lace and silk that lay on it was beating tumultuously, and the room seemed for one brief moment to swim round with the guilty woman as she listened to the story which was by now in every mouth in the village, 'I wonder at you,' she went on. ' You surely have more sense than to listen to all the silly stories that are brought you by any body's servants. Come in,' There was a knock at the door, and a man entered with a note. ' Immediate I was to say, ma'am,' he said. ' There's no answer.' Mrs. Delamere opened it and read, ' I will attend to it at once,' she said, and then turned to her housekeeper, 'I really shall have to make a change, Mrs. Downing.' she said, with icy coldness, 'if you show yourself so weak-minded any more. What you can have heard to make such a strange story out of I don't know . I beg you will not repeat.it to anyone else.' She swept out of the room haughtily, after giving some unimportant orders about dinner, and the housekeeper looked after her in astonishment. 'Is she mad ?' she asked herself,, ' or have I heard some cock-and-bull story? No. It was true, I am sure of it, and I wanted to warn her. Well, well, she must go her own way. It is a bad one, I fear, for her, but it will be a good one for us if it brings dear Miss Nellie back.' Mrs. Delamere went to her own room with the note crumpled in her hand. She found hermaid there sewing, and dismissed her with a few words about her, work. She would ring for her .in half an hour, she told her, and the woman looked at her with critical eyes. ' What is wrong?' she said to herself. 'Something is. Is it all come out, I wonder ? That old woman's going up there boded no good to her. I must watch my mistress. I don't think she will ring for me this morn ing.' She heard the click of the key as Vera locked herself in, and she feared she scarcely knew what. Women like Mrs, Delamere; when driven to extremities, were not nice as to what they did, and she shivered for fear her mistress should take some dreadful means of getting out of her troubles. She need have had no fear. Vera Delamere was not of the order of women who go to the next world for the.solution of the worries that suiround them in this. Shewas sitting' for a moment to collect her' thoughts on the couch in her dressing- room with the letter in her hand. 'Mrs. Delamere,' she . said, scornfully, 'they cannot take that away from me, at any raite. Curse him. He has been at the bottom of it all.' The note was from Belton Leicester, and was short and to the purpose. 'FOR her sake I write to give you a chance. All is ..discovered. 'Your mother has made a full confession of the relation ship, and I know how the fraud on the letters was perpetrated, and how you prac tined on the health and life of the girl Wilson. I was present when you made your last purchase at the druggist's shop in London, and I heard then of the other. The proprietor of the shop is well known to me, and will be ready with his evidence. Exposure and disgrace are certain if you remain at Milverstone.' 'For her sake,' Vera repeated, scorniully, looking at her own handsome face and splendid figure in the glass as she spoke. ' Everything is for her sake-an insignificant, round.faced baby, as fit to rule here as to fly.. Curse her.; Why did she not die as we thought she did ? They ivould never have stirred up the mud in that case. She was mistalken there. The squire would never have allowed her to reign at the Gratge when once his senses came back to him, and he shared the curses that she thought it she did not speak them. She opened a little desk that lay on hier dressing table-a tiny thing, not much more than a toy in size, and dainty in its prettiness, as became the property of a fastidious lady like Mrs. Delamere, but it had a lock, that was not to be -picked by the most skiliful, a'nd was strong beyond the belief of anyon'e who did not try to break it. SVera. kept most of her most valuable documerits in it. She mistrusted the cabi nets and bureau downstairs, for she knew that if her husband could get at what he wanted he would, with small scruple. Several times she had put money away and found it dis appear, and, though she had said nothing, she resolved to take precautions for the future. She carefully looked over the con tents of the desk, and moved about her room a little. Her maid, watching from a coign of vantage of her own, could not tell' what for, but she made no noise. .Presently, almost to that damsel's entire discomfiture, for she scarcely moved away in time, Mrs. Delamere emerged from her room in walking attire. ' There was no need to ring for you,' she said, when she met her maid in the passage. I am only going as far as the field by the oak copse-Mr. Delamereis there' I shall be back quite in time to dress for dinner. I have my boots on, I did not take them off just now.' The woman looked at her. There was nothing unusual in her manner. She had not put off her boots, as she said, and for her to throw on her heavy winter jacket and hat and go out on the estate was nothing out of the common for her to do. Down below she met Mrs. Downing. 'I shall be back in half-an-hour at most,' she said. 'Don't let them be late with dinner please.' She walked away with her usual elastic step and crossed the park to the place she bad indicated. Neville was there she knew, busy with some workpeople. For there were times when he elected to be a very busy landlord indeed, and recent worry had driven him to making alterations and what he called improvements for the lessening ofat his distraction. He was talking to his managing man when she got up to him and turned in some surprise at the sight of her; she walked about a good deal but seldom came near any of the workpeople. 'Anything wrong?' he asked. ' Oh, dear no. I want you a minute, that is all.' He drew close to her to hear what she had to say, and a few rapid words passed between them. Then Mrs. Delamere turned away, and he looked after her with a face from which every vestige of colour had fled. ' Dinner in half an hour, mind,' she said. ' You will hardly have time to dress.' SI will come directly. The voice hardly sounded like his own as he answered her, and it was almost in audible.as he gave directions to the men to leave what they had to do till the morrow. The job was almost done, and they were at a standstill for some which they could hardly hope to get that evening. HIe turned into the copse after he had given his direc tions, it was the nearest way to the house, and they saw him no more. It was a curiously agitated and excited party at Squire Blennerhasset's after the confession that had been wrung from Betty Bird. Nellie had broken down when it was all over and cried so bitterly that it seemed as if she would go into hysterics, but Belton Leicester told them to leave her alone. It was only the natural outcome of so much pent-up feeling. And be was right, she grew calmer and better after awhile. He waited for her recovery and then he went up to her and said good bye. ' I cannot thank you as I ought now,' she said. ' I am too bewildered, too ' ' I am thankful enough in seeing you here once more,' he replied, with a break in his voice. 'It will be a happy thought for me to take away with me.' 'Take away. Where are you going?' 'Wherever the fates may. lead me. But I need not talk of that to-night. Is there anything more I can do for you ?' 'Yes,' she said, 'one thing: Don't let them take her up. Don't let her be harmed for what she has done. It was a sore temp tation, though I don't understand it yet, and I don't want to. But save them from the shame and disgrace if you can.' SI have already done so I hope.' ' How ?' 'I have sent'Mrs. Delamere a note which will prompt her to immediate action or I am much mistaken in her. I don't think she will be arrested, Miss Rivers.' It was strange and sweet to hear her old name again in that fathiliar way, but it was very unreal. Just as she had landcied in London that she should wake from her dream and find herself at Milverstone again, so Nellie seemed to think now that she should presently find herself with Amy Darlington or Mrs. O'Callagan, or in the pitiless streets in the wet. She could not realise yet that she was once more amongst her own people and close to the home she had grieved so to lose. It seemed more unreal still when late in the evening a message came from Mrs. Downing to know whether her master and mistress were at Raybrook. Mrs. Delamere had gone out about an hour before dinner time, saying that she was going to Mr. Delamere, and the men had seen her with him. They were to be home in half an hour and they had not been seen or heard of Since. CHAPTER XLV. MR. VENABLES, hurrying down from London to see to all the affairs that seemed in such confusion at Springfield, was met at the station by Belton Leicester going in the opposite direction - the young surgeon running away from himself and going to town to make arrangements for someone to succeed him in the practise at Springfield. He had done his work. Nellie was re stored to her friends, and would be in her old home in a very little while, and all that was left for him to do was to go away and- try to forget the infatuation that had made him love her. He could not be near her and not speak-it. That one brief moment when he had held her in his arms had told him that much. He could not run the chance of meeting her day by day and keep silent. Flight was the only thing for him. Even if she were willing how could he, a poor country surgeon, ask the mistress of Milver stone Grange to be his wife? Would not all the world, and Nellie herself too perhaps, scout him as a fortune hunter and reproach him with wanting payment for the service he had done her ? It was not to be thought of. He must go, and never if he could help it go near Milver stone again. He greeted the lawyer cordially and gave him a hurried account of what had hap pened. Mr. and Mrs. Delamere had not returned, and Betty Bird had also disappeared. Her retreat had been accelerated by a note which she found at her cottage after her visit to the squire's house. She had not hurried herself to go back, preferring to make a ddtour and avoid the village. She. had never been in very good odour and she was half afraid, now that Nellie had been found and was actually back'again, of what might be said or done to. her if by any chance the news had got abroad of what had been passing at Raybrook. S-Se foundthe nodte' and acted on it. It had been'brought by a boy, her daughter s.sid, aid was short and to the purpore. 'WE aregoing. You had better do the. same. The means enclosed.' That was all, but she understood it, and in the morning the neighbours found her cottage empty as far as its mistress and her daughter were concerned. The furniture was left, but the pair had managed to carry all that was of any value in the way of cloth. ing. They had gone without the beat of drum and Springfield thought itselt well rid of them. Mr. Venables was rather vexed that Vera Delamere should have been able to get off in that noiseless fashion. He would have liked to see her well punished for her im pudent fraud, which had not been discovered because it had not been suspected. The manipulation the letters had received had been managed with such wonderful delicacy that it was almost impossible to find it out. They had been written by Vera's mother in full confession of the fraud that had been practised with regard to the child,tand had been so worded that a very trifling alteration made them appear to have been the work of Sir Darcie's own wile. The handwriting bore sufficient resem blance to that of Lady Rivers to pass amongst all but those who had known her so intimately as to be able to recognise every line from her pen. ' And what have they takefi with them?' was the lawyer's question when he heard of the flight of the master and mistress of Milverstone. 'She was not the wdman to go away empty-handed.' 'I don't know-I don't think anyone knows any more than that they are gone, replied Belton Leicester. ' They should never have been allowed to go,' the lawyer said, gravely. They may have stripped the place.' 'I don't think they had time to do that. I fancy scarcely an hour elapsed from the time of their being warned to their departure; They had been missing some time before we were told.' 'And who warned them.' ' I did.' 'I thought as much. And she told you to, I suppose ?' ' She was sadly troubled at the idea of any steps being taken towards Mrs. Dela mere's apprehension.' . 'And you would have done her bidding if you had known that that woman was off with all the family plate. It strikes me that Miss Nellie Rivers can wind you round her little finger.' 'She will not do so any more. I shall not return to Springfield if I can help it.' * And why not, pray ?' 'For the reason you have just given. Good bye, Mr. Venables. This is my train.' ' That's a nice young fellow, but he's a fool,' quoth the lawyer to himself as he lost sight of Belton Leicester. * But be'll keep -he'll come back to Springfield yet, or I know nothing of mankind. Miss Nellie was in love with him even when she was going to make herself miserable by marrying the other fellow. Silly child, why did she run away ? All this mischief would have been over sooner, I daresay, if she had stayed here.' Mrs. Delamere had been wise. She had touched very little that was not her's by pur. chase, but she had taken care to have a con siderable sum of money at her command. Her bankers wondered sometimes at the large demands she made upon them. They had little idea that she was preparing for some such catastrophe as had actually oc curred. Mr. Venables was cordially received at Raybrook, and took Nellie in his arms with a kiss and a blessing as if she had been in very deed his own child. ' The world will deem me a blind bat for the future,' he said, 'but the wisest of us may be deceived sometimes, and your father was to blame, my child. He always made me think there was something wrong by his mysterious manner about this very business. He should have told me all about it.' ' He didn't tell me,' the squire said, ' till I found it out by accident. The fates were against us in that accident of mine. I should have bowled my lady out at once but for that.' ' All's well that ends well,' Mr. Deacon said, warmly. ' But for all that has befallen her we should never have known perhaps how dear this little girl was to us all. Sir Wilfred and Lady Rivers will rejoice equally with us, I am sure.' That they did, arriving the next day; and being with Nellie when she once more crossed the threshold of her father's house, its mistress. To say that Springfield was in a state of temporary insanity was to speak mildly of the state of things. The village went mad and was not to be restrained from doing all sorts of wild things in its excitement, the wrecking of Betty Bird's cottage being the most mischievious. T was well for the notorious old lady and her daughter that they were out of the way. They might have suffered in the general rejoicing. The servants were somewhat astonished at the courtesy with which they were treated. Nellie would have her own back again as far as she could get them, but she behaved with kindness and generosity to those who were leaving, and even accepted the services of the fine French maid till she could get her faithful Wilson back again. Her uncle and aunt insisted on a grand reception on her return, but Nellie would far rather have settled down quietly and begun her life again where she had left it off when she went out into the darkness desolate and alnne. Milverstone was much as she had left it. Vera had had the good sense not to dis arrange the old house, or introduce any anomalies in the way of modern furniture. Willing hands were there in plenty to make it all as it used to be 'for dear Miss Nellie,' and Mrs. Downing seriously hindered herself in her efforts to have things nice by the copious weeping in which her joy made her indulge. Belton Leicester was not there to see the joy. He was in London trying for a berth in an emigrant ship. He was tired of Eng land he told his friends who were surprised at his sudden determination, and thought a little roving would clear away the cobwebs out of his brain. Most people thought he was out of health. He looked ill enough to warrant the supposition, but those who were acquainted with him best at Springfield knew better. He wrote candidly and frankly to the squire and his wile and told them that he could not stay where Nellie was. ' Give her my dear love,' he wrote-',I may write those words now when I. shall never see her again-and tell her wherever I am I shall pray for God's blessing on her and hers. She will never be out of my. thoughts as long as life is left to me. I am going to Sierra Leone in the steamer Can dace, and if I never return, as is very likely, the colony isn't the healthiest in the world, I shall be the first to meet her when she too passes 'the silent river and awaits for the unbarring of the golden gates." He had a lodging not far from where the ship was to sail from,' he told them, and he should be very glad if they should write to him the very latest news from Springfield. It would he something"to take with him when he lost sight of England. He was very busy inspecting and arranging. His help hadb'een asked in.the matter of stores, and he was, glad to ,do anything thai would occupy him completely. ,' ' ' That's not a healthy letter,' Mr. Blennei hasset said to his wifie, when he had read it. ' The laid is just going to fling away his life for a crotchet.' i' He shan't do it,' she replied, eagerly. 'Why, this is worse than the emigrant ship scheme. Sierra Leone indeed. It's just a big graveyard for Europeans.' ' I wish we could stop him.' ' I've a notion we can,' the lady replied. ' When is he going ? does he say ?' He did not say for certain. But it seemed that it would not, be for some weeks. The ship was .'not ready and there were many things to settle at: Springfield. His succes sor was to be the .gentleman whom Nellie had once called, somewhat disrespectfully, the redhaired man,' and he was?already in stalled, to the' sorrow of most of the village. He was quiet and, clever and there. was nothing to dislike in him, but he was not Mr. Leicester. ' ' " Altogether, though Nellie was very happy in her restoration to her home and friendsd, there was a dash of bitter ness in her. cup of joy. ' She knew full well why Belton Leicester had resolved to go away and she could do nothing to stay him, It gave her a sore heart pang to think of his leaving England for ever, and there was a sad and anxious look on her fair young lace in the midst of her fresh happi ness. It made a sad blank in the festivities of. her homecoming to miss the dark, earnest eyes that she had come to remember so well and to look for so eagerly. The brief time she had been in Belton Leicester's company when he brought her home had seemed like a Heaven to her, it was a feeling she had never had for Neville Delamere. The shock of his desertibn had been very great, but there had comr a sense of freedom that was more than the sorrow. Mr. Leicester's defection made her heart ache with a keen pang, and she could hardly bear to hear the gossip about biar and his motives that came to her from tinthinking folks who knew nothing of the state of affairs. And so the dais wore on till she had been at home three wdeks, and the owners of the Cardace began to advertise her departure for. a date not very far off. Nothing wihatever had been heard of Mr. and Mrs..Delamere. They had disappeared entirely, and Nellie would not have them sought for. She chose to believe that Mr! Shackleton was innocent of any complicity in Vera's plot, and refused point blank to have any inquiries made into the affair. Mr. Venables was very angry at what he called her foolish leniency,' for he felt quite sure in his.own mind that the clever and somewhat unscrupulous. lawyer had known of the fraud if he had not actually helped to perpetrate it. ' However that might be' it was never dis covered and Mr. ShAckleton went his way as successfully as if his hands were quite clean in the matter, and always spoke of Mrs. Delamere in admiration as being a clever woman who could hodwink even hini, CHAPTER XLVI, Belton Leicester sat alone in the lodging he had taken for himself while the Candace was getting ready for sea, staring into the fire, in dreary hopelessness. He had fought the fight and had come off victorious. He had done battle with himself as an honest man will, but he had been sorely wounded in the fray. He could think of Nellie now and pray with heartfelt earnestness that she might be happy in tihe life he had helped her to resume. But it was a dreary future that the flickering fire made out for him as he sat and made pictures out of glowing coals. At Milverstone it was spring already, the trees were beginning to break out into little nobby buds and the earth was beginning to crack and let audacious spring plants burst from their confinement, The sun shone and the air was like a glass of champagne in its invigorating quality. Here in London there were fog and cold that nipped the very bones and made everyone who could stay indoors and get as close to the fire as they could. The air was clogged with thick, heavy vapour and came up from the river death laden for those who suffered from weak chests and throats. Tower Hill is not a lively place at the best of times and it looked duller and more miserable than ever on this particular afternoon. Only a fortnight re mained of his stay in England and he wias longing, how keenly he only knew, for it to passaway. He was broken in health, the fight had been a hard one, and his pale face and worn eyes gave token of weary days and sleepless nights. Nellie in her bright beauty was ever before him and a longing desire to see her once more was on him that he could hardly conquer, He had seen Amy Darlington since he came to London, and she had talked to him about her. 'I am to go on a long visit to her, Mr. Leicester, as soon as she is settled,' the lively actress said. " 'I shall never be thank' ful enough for the happy chance that led her, to me.'. . ., Mrs. O'Callaghan wondered a little at the' pale gentleman who paid her a visit one day and talked only of her former guest. She showed him with tears, for she was a warm-hearted little woman, the kind letter that Nellie had written to her and the pretty remembrance she had sent' her, besides more substantial benefits which had been conferred by Mr. Venables. Nellie had forgotten no one who was kind to her in her trouble, and there was nothirng but pleasant memories of her everywhere. S'It is well I am going so soon,' he'said to himself, as he took the, poker and des troyed his fiery pictures. ' I think I should go mad if I stayed in England. My darling, tiy darling t 'Will she ever know I wonder how dear she was to :me? Ab, yes, in bhe world that sets this right. It will be'clear to her then, but not here, not here.' He had come to think of himself as never likely to return to England, and to look upon 'a grave in Sierra Leone as a certain end of his,'career. 'He'was far too' much alone. Had he had cheerful companionship he would scarcely:have fallen into such :a moody state. The door opened softly as.he sat pokerin' hand, but he did not turn his head., ' No tea; thank yoti, Mrs. Forrest,' he' said. ' I don't want any to-night.' 'Mrs. Forrest. made no answer. She~ seemed to be waiting fororders, for :she did not go out of the room. "And I shan't want any supper either. .I am: going out, I think, Leave me a light, please, if I am late.' Mrs. Forrest did not answer, but she 'laughed --- a 'little silvery .laugh' that made Belton Leicester start, up aind drop the poker. 'It was not his landlady, it was Nellie' or her ghost l He could not mistake the sound He had never forgotten it since the day when he first saw her in a cottage at Springfield. She had laughed then and the sound had sunk into his heart for ever., It ivas no ghost. Nellie stood there,"and with heir faithful friend, Mrs. Blennerhasset. A great light shone in his face as he' looked at them and told theelder lady that their mission was not for naught. Nellie's" lips were quivering now and, she did not speak. tHe was the first to breakthe silence.. SNell-Miss ,Rivers,' he 'said, in trembling agitation, 'is it really you ?' 'Herself and no other,' the squire's wife returned !. And now please give us a cup of tea. We are nearly choked with the fog. Reverse your orders in oir favour, ,if you please, and be hospitable. There's a good soul.' ' Very tremulous was her voice also. There was emotion to be hidden, anid she was try ing bravely to make this easy. He was like a man in a dream. He could not believe his eyes and ears, and half expected to wake up by-and-bye and find himself alone with the fire again. He rang the bell and gave his orders, and then went to Nellie's side. ' I never hoped to see you again,' he said, taking her hand and caressing it. He would have lilted to gather her to him and press kisses' on her lips and cheeks. ' It will be a gleam of Heaven to carry with me on my lonely journey. The time is drawing very nerir now, But I will not talk of myself. What has brought you to town ? Is it any thing that I can do for you ?' For answer Nellie looked at him for a moment with eyes eloquent of loyecand grief, and then bent her head On her hands and cried as if her heart would break. Her agi-. tation had been peat up till now and it must have way. ' What has happened ?' he asked of Mrs. Blennerhasset, in alarm. 'Nothing. Let her be a minute. She knows what is drivitng you away.' Only my health and the necessity for change and 'And your love for:her.' Do you think we are blind and deaf at Springfield ? She knows Why you are exciling yourself and going' to 'that pestilential' place. She has come to--' ' To ask yoru not to go.' SThe. words were Nellie's. Very faintly spoken but distinct and clear, and they were understood. The 'eyes'that Nellie lifted to his face: were full of love and truth, and he took her hands and drew her to him. SYou mean it?' he said. 'You are not deceiving yourself or me?' 'No,' 'iThe word was spoken low but from her heart, and the arms that had longed so many weary months to encircile her clasped her as it they would never let her go. 'I can't believe it,' he said. ' You may,' said, the matter-of-fact [rs, Blennerhasset. ' It is true. Do you think when we lknew that you, loved her, and that' she was grieving her heart out for you, that we should ,;let you go away over the sea to die'? .Not a bit of it. It's an . awkward thing for. :a woman to have to ask a man to marry her, but when a queen bestows herhand she has to do it, and it ,was.petty much the sanie here. Our girl knewvyou would go away with the words unspoken, and she knew how happy it would make 'you to''speak them.' It is not her boldness, it was.rnine .I brought her, andi should have spoken if she had not had the 'courage.' ' Belton Leicester did not sail in the Can. dace. It was rumoured that hle had come into a fortune, and his place had to be filled up. It was a fortune such as few men drop into-a 'loving'wife and a luxurious home, No one but those interested in the matter knew how it had come about and how Nellie herself had prevented his going away. Lady Rivers and her family never knew, and it was just as well perhaps. Her ladyship was a sthunch friend to Nellie now, but she was as censorious as.ever and apt to make spite. ful remarks, She was very well satisfied with the alliances her own children were making so she could afford to he charitable to Nellie and went no, farther than to say that she thought it was ' a pity" she should not have made a better match. Springfield will never forget the wedding day that 'gave their darling Miss Nellie the popular young doctor for her husband, There was very little graideur, Nellie would leave all that for the two weddings in Sir Wilfred's family,' she declared; but there was plenty ofhospitality and such a gather. ing of friends as was never seen. Amy Darlington was there, a beautilful and happy bridesmaid, and Bessie OCallagan and her. husband, proud and pleased at the honour.shown them, and there was feasting sudch as had not been known in the village since Nellie's mother was brougiht home a bride. " It was bright summer time when Belton Leicester and his bride set off on the first stage of their life's journey together, and they were home again after a long travel to keep such a Christmas as had not been held at Milverstone for many a year. Nellie is a comely matron now with pretty children about her and a young Darcie to bear her father's name and inherit the old place, and the county has forgotten that the grand-looking squire was ever a parish doctor, and everyone looks up to him with blind and Worshipping admiration. Mr.: and Mrs. .Blennerbasset still rule at Raybrook. Very old and feeble the squire is, but he likes to talk of thepast and to tell everybody how Nellie's husband saved his life and reason for him by a timely opera. tion. ' His wife is at rest about her boy. Neville Delamere sleeps in a?' obscure cemetery beyond the Atlantic, and his wife is-well, perihaps the less said about the fashionable American actress the better. The first intimation Belton Leicester and his wife' had 'of the pair being still in existence. was some five years after their marriage, when-a letter came from Vera asking for assistance, It 'ras worded in her old haughty style, making the request anlmost a demand, ' It is not forinyself,' slIe wrote, 'but for him. He is dying.and I cannot leave him to do anythiag that twould keep him. The crumbs from your table would be more than we have: had to subsist on for months. Do not grudge him. enough to feed him for the last morsel of his miserable life.' Aid was' sent, promptly, Belton Leicester telegraphing to someone he could depend upon in New York to see that eyerything was done that could be'for the wretched man. A few "curt. lines from Vera a very short time after announcing his death were all the further 'comniunication they ever had from her, 'She sent the certificate of his death and the locality of his grave, and then vanished.. ' Not for long. In a little while the American'world was ringing with the fame or rather notoriety 'of the new actress, Madame Vera'Delamere. ' She had 'not the grace to keep behr identity to herself, and the only thing they could do was to try and forget her. She is Madame Vera Delamere still in the bills of remote country towns and out.-of-the wahy places, where 'faded looks and lost graces don't signify much. The world shrugs its shoulders at her now, and at the horrible old drunkard who'hangs upon her. Betty Bird found her way out to her daughter anid helpedto hasten Neville's end by her presence. .. :'"Mother 'and daughter are drifting with horrible rapidity on the downward road that leads 'to destruction, and it is easy to prophesy what the end of both will be. "'They have:faded out of the memory of Milverstone and there are not really many people who are in, the secret of all that happened there; nor how daring a venture had been Vera's when she tampered with the letters she 'had found and made it appear that she and not Nellie was the heiress of Milverstone Grange. (THE END.? 