TOPICS OF THE DAY. Tlai Christmas numbor of (ho "Weekly Titnt-n " promises tn he exceptionally at tractive. It will, in adiitinu loiho usual serials and short stories, inoiudo a special oinht-panc supplement devoted to season- able tales and gonernl reading. A short Christmas romance hy '6&rah; Bernhardt has both a literary' end personal interest. Another noteworthy frnturo is Yo Ghost Story, by Oscar. .Wilde, .whom facile and humorous pen makes im-rry iis the 'expense of the ghustly nntiquo visitant of an old English manor house, A Stinnett Engagement, has tho perennial interest that attaches to n Invo story of happy ending, andi in A Maul ofi(,tho , Mmo,. J. Rtenk. vFostor gives' ' a -limuorous ' nalrratlvo. ,of lioroism and -> -noble self-sacrifice. Hints for sossonaolo pastimes and for Yuhuido tnerry-rasking , will.be . found in tho paces nfthu popular weekly, which is to hespccially illustrated. The sacred associa tions of tho season are nut lost sight of, and tho Christinas Carol and other seloetiona Bra nxcollunt. Altogether tho Christmas number of tho "Weekly Times" will form one of the best issues of that journal. The price of issue will, as usual, bo three- punco, and the number will appear on Thursday morning, 22iid Dccombor. ' .The less so of tbo Corporation Baths at Brighton complained to the Council last night that open' bathing was 'car- tiod on to a, great, oxtont, and isketl for an amundmunt in the ours. Or M'Ganth favored bathing 'iu hu open sea on ; tho system, .adopted i other countries, where costumes wore worn. In fact, to his mind, it was one |'f tho aichts in certaiu parte of the world tp.gaxoupon tbo costumes, and if tliey worn adopted in Brighten It wbuld provo an attraction, and there would bo |esj| empty ('houses in tho .'.town.' Or. Iteit thoiiwht ''certain parts of the beach particularly adapted for. batliing might bo set apart for this' purpose; nnd tho hours so fixed as to suit 11 olasaes. It was j eventually decided to rcfor the question I to tho Public Works Coiumitieo for re- | port. . Thcro has been more fuss lately 'about l"Mars" tlinu tboru ivm even in the old mythological GayH, v/hen lio caused ro j much . mental auxh'ty the hishly run. | pp3tablo blacksmith who had the mid- tnrtuno to ho married to Wnus, when ihero was no Shtels Divorce Act to help him out J'.f his «FiJkiilty on the ground of negicct of (i'.ir.estic dntii-. Tihto fwH heeu :i eon«i»fornhlo desire to know whether the planet noiitcl ft"r this dintiuRutxhrd dragoon is inhabited, and if it be so, whether th? people thereon cannot bo induced ti enter into convrrssittnn with m. The report, however, of Mr HumcM. Government astronomer ol New Sourii Wales, willch. vl: this ayxicty From a commercial point of view, if this gcntlrnnnu ho correct, any conversation with Mars would servo no practical purpose. I ti his opinion 701b of butler, if stufflonty landed i on Mars, would only woiuh JJOIb., and few governments could stand the nrnount of bonus required to make such an ex port n profitable one to the most entorpriBimr dairyman. Considering, too, that n new - corner iu Mara . would find tho "blood oozing trom the pores of his kkm," and probably be tcstninentnrily incnpaDle, it might be »s wci! to let Mars slide for thc orvsen;. Ho never had a high moral character at the best ot limes, and surely tho poor old Earth has enouch sins of her own to answer.' Let her shun this dangerous warrior na a prudent nursery-maid would shun a liic-guardsmnn. Mr Todd, bend of tho E.T.O., Adelaide, wiri-s thin morning as follnrf The Port Darwin hue ban been partially inter rupted Iwvond Bnrrow's Creel: since 7.i»0 p.m, ye&lordnv;, West Australia unable iu assist ur with, cable' owing to defective working over their Uocbuck line. Itnrrow's Oreek expects to be ablo to work through the lank. ' Tim Brunswick Town Treasurer, Mr C. E. flogdun, last evening informed tho Public Works ChumiuUvo of the council that lie intended to apple for a similar position' under tho Tliclunond City Council. Ho reriuevtcd flint a testimonial might ho granted liim. This 'was unani mously done on tho' motion of Cr. Hentiessy, councillors speaking in the hignost 'terinn of tho seal and ability of tho applicant, whore endeavor to improve, his position met with approval. l.'- A Hebraic youth nervously entered tho wimesa-hox nt Uio District Court this morning. When the clurk'was about to' siveiir liim he, .in a most Christinti-l'.kn manner li' ted theBiblpto his lips, but did not cover .his head, . Mr Uapmpurt, J.P.,1 asked him if lie was a Jew. 1'ioud of hia natiohaltty, hu answered," I cm. ': " Then why do you swear with your hat ofTf " 1 forgot," explained tho witness. " Then don't let it occur again ; got'your hat." Tho witneM Bourried after-ins hat, aild; clapping it over his ears,' sworo piously ttiat he would tell tlie-truth. On tho men of tbe Naval Brigade, assembling at thn Puscuo street Orderly. Ilooiii, Williainuiown, this evening,' Cominauder Dc-nnis will, on their behalf, hand to Mr James Frozier, late chief gunnor in this service, n nuiiably inscribed' tea and cofleu service as a nicinento of the esteem in which his comrades always held him. Mr Fraziur has a reco:d of So years' service, and holds thre'o nlcdals for nouihlo naval engngemenbt. A treat to lovers of Scottish mmo is promised to those who attend the Calc- dotihn Society's Concert to-morrow (Wednesday) evening iu the Melbourne Town Llall. Leading artists -have been engaged lo assist the Cnlvdoniau Choir An ' lie prices aro only 2a Gd and Is, thoro should bo u bucrjior house . on the oc- Our cheerful old friend "Punch" is duly up to date with his Almanac, and anyone who chooses to manfully "sing u rung of sixpence" .wilt roooive a very fair, "pocketful, of ry«." Tho colored cartoons aro mi Improvement even on those of last year, and in the onti stylud tho " Dilights of DenreBhion" there are tho "counterfeit present ments" of three or' ' four girls who would net as silver linings to the gloomiest of clouds; Tbo 'i'oorak girl, too, who informs tho noblo visitor that unris (morally choose their wivva from tho ballet, is nico enough to oxenipr her plutocratio father from tho uction pi iho Property Tax. Thoro aro also waniings whiclt country visitors might profit by, und , tho usual compliments aro paid to Lho feet of the perambulating constable, aud both tho inip.iKHinnod and the catty-going lovar have their sbaro of notice. Tho Ittttorprcss is bright and nmusing. nnd the whole production is nuo tlut every r g it-miuded citizen should take home to hi» family if hu lias one, or keep for him self if ho has not. Th" Ciiritin-<B I««>ctiire of tbo Datik'n' In- Hti'.utn of AiiatrAlrtnia will lo delivered on F.tilay, tii" llitli L)i-c mlHr. nt H.irc.'oliKja. ov Mr Jellies Smith, entitled David Cooie-ibeld, with iilu4tr'.tiv«t r» nding-. At 7.-if> tonne even- ingahpeml ineeliiie will b - nt the In- .mut.i I.I ciHi.iii. r an.J, if u|,|,iovii!, oda|.t prn|Mt!i-U ndilRton .to ruli-r. A'lrwge tnimb-r of the b.-amilul floral ofT-r- ing- preM'tltt d to tlMMUf-reut iiiftiihcrKof the Gai-ty on Sntur 'ay niglit wer" from the eotahli Iimeiit of Sir- Law ford and Co,, Collins street. Toe largo wicker-work -hip Was com- 1«o-m1 of orcnids and cli »ic--at vxutlci. A' eruuk, lsrg- fan. pony hi-keto, bouquet!,' Th« Turn V.rein wm'givo a coucrrt to inemher.i and their frieadn to-mnrrow evrn- nig, when there will |,o n p'mo- oiation im.U- to the conductor of the Turn VeMn imiatiur Tlie MetWurti" rj- derlsfei 'will' will give a »moke night at th- Atheeamm Hall on 'J liurr- day ev.-ointr. Inr winch an otechilly choir.- l-r-Jiramoivhad b-en nrranired. 'The »»..itn of the evening will lie Mev.rs ll'-atlifrehaw, FrJnklanl, Altinan, J. Voughaii. liohi,. mid W. d Jone.i. Hi- will n« u,o 22HI. concern given by this well-known and much- appr-ciuted murica) tecioiy. Wo hnve rec iv-d from tbe Gorerntflrnt Printer volnine VH. of tin, Vjcto.wi.S-stme«. 1FU0. Ink" the nr.-vi.-u! on-v. ,um>- YII. U usn-lh n'Jy printed, mm atrniiely brnm-l. The bands of the 2-xi ILgiment nnd tlie Carltoo District, under Utudutanter K. Kawlin. will give mi oin-u air p. rfnriaaiiuu oil the South Melbourne J-.nunAde thu evi iunp. at 8 o'clock Th- Noveltv Fair in Nt. t J.-ru.-'s C.itiiohc Ifnll, Cirln-11,1 lo-ingii.uliinRufiu iv.pularirv This evening Mow Joo-pliine UTirien, Mo Nvltie M'Laughlto mid oth- r artbu will take part in thu concert " Ti.ern will bo nl<o cm axlnbitiuD ot caluihenic t-xercii-o?. 