TALES AND SKETCHES. BOB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL. A Novel . by DAVID CHRISTY MURRAY, Author op Joseph's Coat, Aunt Rachel, Rainbow Gold, &c.;, An. ; Ac. All Rights . Reserved. Chapter I.' A pair of lovers wore strolling alongan English country lane, tho sun had fallen half an hour before, but its beams wore still reflected in the zenith, so that through tho over arohing boughs of lofty hedgerows, and the trees studded about them, there fell a radinnco whiob, though soft and ghost-like, still gave light enough for tho man and maid to read each other's faces. The male, as was natural, took ardent advantage of his opportunity, and walking with drooping head and side long face, kept his oyes fixed upon the girl's half averted features. She, forher part, Btolo only on occasional glance at him, each time swiftly withdrawn Sho was not pre eminently pretty, except to a lover's eye's, but her face was full of a vivaoious tenderness, and at every fngitivo glanco sho gavo him her com panion's heart yonrned over her. "You aro quite suro you lovo mo?" said the young man, potting the question for the twen tieth tima that evening. The girl's sby glanco met his for a moment and drooped again. She gavo him no further response, but for a while at loast he seemed atislled, and thoy walked on slowly in tho gathering dusk, until at a corner of tho lane he put his arm about her waist, and drawing her gently to him, arrested her footsteps. She laid her head upon his breast with no pretence of coyness as he stood with his arms folded about her shoulders. They wore as happy as love and youth could make them, and utterly oblivious of the world about them, as lovers have a right to be. But whilst thoy stood thus in silence, the noiso of a figure crushing through the hedge row startled them apart, and an intruder landed in tho roadway almost at tho lovors' feet. Of tho throo tho now corner seemed tho most die- turbed. . Ho peored through tho gloom first nt one and then at tho other of tho pair upon whoso solitude he had unwittingly broken, and onoo or twioo his lip3 moved as if he would wil lingly have framed somo sort of apology, but never a word ho spnlce. IVith each second that went by tho silcnoo bade fair to be more embar rassing, but tho girl recovering her cqnaniinity somewhat, tardily broke tho awkward spell. " Good evening, Mr. Hotkeridge." The intruder inado shift to pluok off his hat and to stammor a response, of which no word was audible. With that ho moved away leaving the lovers alone, in a considerable momentary embarrassment. They had scaroo recovered thcmselvos when the intruder was hack again, and oven in tho docpcning dusk it was plainly to bo seen that lie had contrived, short as the Interval bad been, to throw aside Ills confusion. He carried his shoulders in decidedly truculent fashion and grasped his walking stick by the middle with tho air of a ' man who means busi ness. " I don't want to interrupt you just now, Mr. Redwood,", ho began, and there . paused to moisten his lips with his tongue. " But if its con venient to you I should like a word with you before tho night's out." " Very good," returned tho lovor, catohing a shade of the intruder's manner. " Name your time," said tho intruder. " Will 10 o'clook suit you 1 " " Porfcotly, I'll call 011 you ait that time." With that ho ewuug upon his heel and ma'rohed rapidly away; his footsteps sounding on the son baked road, whilst bo walked a hundred yards or so and thon failing suddonly into silqneo as ho vaulted a style and took his way through tho deep grass of a hay meadow. " George," said tho girl, laying ah imploring hand on hor companion's arm. "You won't quarrel, will yori ? " " My darliug," George responded, passing an arm about hor waist, I've nothing to quarrel abdut so far as I know, and I don't think either that I'm of a' qunrrolaomo turn of mind." , You have nothing to quarrel about," the girl answered, " but he has, or at loast he thinks he has." "Oh," George answered, laughing, "that's fought about it in our sehoSl d£s" but wXo grown men now, the pair of us, and it would ba LiJyt 1 n Pair of sonsiblo peopio should fall to thai" VOr a dead ana burie(1 oM Tarn liko ridvn "'ti?'' di"d and burio<1 fot John Hetho- rjdgo, the girl responded. " He believes it to it'onlv th W"8 ?pcaking to Sir Eustaco about it only thu morning. Ho was speaking angrily SawlZ 7 a,8 hS !003 sometimes, and the ata HmV?? t.hem' Aunt Mi»T told mo tboro iU ,evenmK- She was afraid that them." r" bo blaok blood btweon oasilv 'J10 yo,ung man "lowered USi?' >5 takes two to make a quarrel. My tho mni » I"? Tbat anger was as oo'ohing as TnnL lS i eS'-j i, never foun(1 so. If L?» L ' r,'dK ilke3 t0 bo a fo1 b« must take hia way singly. I promise you lie shan't tempt mm, kecp him company." 1 vnnnSy bSa'|. to w.allt ?n slwly onoo more, tho young man fondling his companion's ungloved Bn. now "iid thou stooping to kiss it. f? wa,3, "'most dark by tUiB timo and each Baw the other a faeo only as a palo featureless blot aa tb.e b??k fifound of tho gloom. The girl paused suddenly in her walk and throwing both nrme about hor lover clung to him tightly, and . 18ln8 his hand to hor face found it was wot with tears, ' Why, ElHce darling," ho demanded ten- deny, what's tho matter? You don't ubo being liko this. There's no danger in the world. I'm not afraid of Jaok Hetheridge of all men in tho world, and you shan't bo, if I can help it. Now don't worry, my darling, dry your eyes and think no more about it." -There's something, else, George," the girl whispered, still olinging to him. At this George Btaited with a sadden divina tion. Oh, that's it, is it ?" he asked with a certain dryness in his tone, "he's had tho cheek to have it out at lost, bos ho?" 44 You knew about it ?" Ellico asked him, in a whispor which barely reached his cars. Why, my dear," George answered, " It Btands to reason that I know about it. When a man loves a girl as much as I do you—' " Ho paused thore to omphasiso his speech by a hug and a kiss "When a man loves a girl as much as I do you, it makes him pretty keen to see when anybody eho is hanging&bout; after hor. I could always bo sure that you nevor liked the fellow, and that if I went single.it wouldn't be for hia sake. When did you send him about his business darling?" "He spoko tome yesterday," sho answered, in a shnmo Btrickon whisper, as if she had been confessing a guilty secret. "So late as that," said George. "I oan understand his being a bit rusty lighting on us in that sudden way a while ago it I'd oomoon him in the same way I should have been like enough to break his head for him. But then of eourso it would have been different, for I should have known tho beggar wasn't there by your good will. But don't let's think of him any more, my dear ; be shall have his talk to-night, and I'll tellyou all aboutitintiio morning. In tho meantimo there aro lots of plensanter things in the world than Jack Hetheridge for you and mo to think about, and here's one of them. Whon's tho day to be, my darling ? When are you -going to make mo tho happiest man in Worcestershire?" She put tliose queries by, and he grew ten derly remonstrant and even a little fiery. This was agreeable, and not lightly to be ended. He grow more ardent still, aud frightened her uolioiously with his kisses, protestations and; embrace?, until nt last she gave him an auswer. They would bo married that day threo months, nnd on tbat delightful understanding he ooir- duoted her to her own garden gate, bade her a lover like good night there, and swung off home ward to meet tho intruder of an hour and a half before. His mother, a quiet grey haired old woman, sat knitting in tho parlor by the light of a pair of tall candles. "I've done it at last mother," he said, as he stooped to kiss her. " What hns't done, lad ?" the old lady asked, smiling mildly up at him. 44 1 doubt," the young fellow.answered laugh ingly, 44 that you'll want a bit of practice, but you'll have to stand up for ono dance at least this day three monthB." 44 Oh, oh I" said the old lady. "You've spoke to EUice?" 44 Yes, mother," tho young man responded, 44 I've spoken to Ellico, and we're to: bo. married this day three months." - . ,, . Tho mother roso and kissed him, and . cried over him a little, as tender mothers will some times in'suoh a case. 41 Who'd ha1 thought of little Ellio Green- away and you a growin' up to bo man and wifo togother? Well, well, she's a pretty gell, Georgo, and a good gell, and I think she'll make you happy. And, if you're as good a husband as you've been a son to mc, she's got a prize in ten thousand. You've got your mother's blessin', Georgo, my lad. This affectionate colloquy was broken in upon by a knocking at the front door. "There's Jack Hotheridge," said George, 44I met him in Barstoo-lane a whileago, and he said ho wanted a word with me. He's come for it now, I guess." 44 It's private business, George?" his mother asked. - 44 Yes, "said George. "iBuppose it's private business. Ho seems to bo in a bit of a hurry for. it, too. What are the maids about V .. The knocking at tho front door was renewed more loudly than before, and George himiolf answered the summons. 44 There's nobody hard: of bearing -in this house, Jack," ho said,. as lie opeued tho duor. "Come .in. -We'll, have .our talk in. ray own room, if you don't mind. We can be private there." Ho led tho way through tho pitch dark hall, with tho assured foot of oustom. Tho visitor followed him gropingly for a . yard or two, and thon coming into collision with Borne unseen piepo of furniture cursed quietly to himself and waited. By and by Georgo appeared in a door- way' with' a candle, and beckoucd to the self invited guest. ... 44 Now, Jaok," ho asked, when thoy were seated together, with the light between them, 44 what's tho word about ?' They wero & strongly and even strangely as sorted pair to look at. There was scarcoly a difference of a month in their ages, but Hetheridgo might easily have been taken for George's sonior by half a scoro of years. His fea tures wore thin and puckered, his forehead was nremftturelv bald, hia thin lips ruled a hard, straight lino, which dipped suddenly at the cor ners, and his palo grey oyes were restless and angry looking as they wandered hither and thither in their shiftinoss, as if their owner were seeking something to revenge a spite upon. His hair, his eyebrows, and his little bits of sido whiskers wero all of tlio same no-color, but unusually crisp and wiry. A mow rime of olosely shaven board sparkled in the candlelight upon his cheeks and chin. Ho had a nervous knack of lengthening the jaw, and scraping with thumb and finger over this close trimmed stubblo in suoh a way as to clioit a, faintly auuiblo sound. In stature ho was slight, but inolmod to bo tall. ... . ,i Tho man who facod him, waiting for tho oponing of tho conversation, was n well bollt aeop ohested fellow with a fresh, unwrinklcd faeo, a kindly ospect, and largo, blueish grey oyos that looked as open and honest as tho day. "Now, Jaok," he asked a second time, as Hothoridgo sat scraping furtively at bin lean jaw and' sending his vexed glanao everywhere but in tho direction oi his companion — "Now, Jack, what is it?" Hetheridge seemed at first in no hurry to answer, but suddenly lto banged tho walking stick ho carried on tho unolothed table, and leaning forward looked his rival for tho first time in tho face. " You're in mv wav. Georee Redernnt? " h. began, with a directness for which an observer would haro bcon unlikely to give him oredit. " Oh," aaid Georgo, with a tranquil lifting of the eyebrows, "perhaps you'll toll mo how." " Your fathor was in my father's way," said Hetheridge, dropping his glanco and clutching Ilia stout walking stiok in both hands as though ho strovo to break it. "Your fathor was in By father's way, and you're in mine." "Now, look here. Jack," returned Redwood, " I'm sick of that ridiculous old story. If you'vo eome hero to talk about that yon might as well savo your breath to cool your porridge." "Your father," said Hetheridge, "robbed my fathor of 350 acres lying between the brook and BristoMaiio. Tho world knows that. You know it aa well as I do.". "Yes," Goorgo answered, "just as well ns you do. It's a. foolish lio, and thore's an end of it. Your fathor wasn't a careful man ; mine was. Ono wasted money and the other mado it. Your father drank and racketed his lands away, and my father bought 'em with honest monoy made in honest businoss. Go whore , you like, ask anybody who knows the story, and they'll tell yon tho same thing." "Your fathor robbed my father," persisted Hetheridge suddenly. ' ' I shouldn't ho aggrieved," Redwoodanswered with a cool contempt, " at anything you might say, even if I supposed that you believed it. Nobody but a born fool could believe that yarn of yours in faeo of tho evidence, and you're not a born fool. Jack Hetheridge." " Your father robbed my father," Hetheridge said again, "and you'vo robbed me." "Is that so?" Redwood . asked in the same tone of cool .contempt, "now will you be bo good as to tell ine how?" "You know how, well enough," Hetheridgo returned. He Bet his stiok across his knee and tugged at it witli all his force. " Well, no," drawlod.Gonrge, with an irritat ing unconcern. " I cannot precisely say I do. Perhaps you'll be good onough to explain tho .matter." ' - ?.. "Who — " began Hotheridge. He Blopped, ohoking at the word. V n . " WoII,?! demanded Redwood. "Who — Who what?" ; < . ." Who cnme.in betwoon me and Ellioe Green- awny?" Hotheridge flashod at him, lifting his wrathful, eyes suddenly .and glaring at Georgo aoross the table. "I can answer , that question in a minute," Georgo responded, "it was I and Miss Greena- way that came in between you and Miss Green- away. If you'd'.been another man and she'd been anothor. woman, you might have hit it off to perfection." Hetheridge's faoo was pale and his voice shook a little as he spoko. "You oame; between us, Goorge Redwood. I've oared for her ever sinco I was a lad. I'vo oared about hor, and I've let her see it." He spoke as if he had to lay a desperato compulsion on himself to spoak at all, and what with the reality of. his rage and tho tensenoss of the hold with which he clutched tho walking stick aoross his knee bis whole figuro vibrated. "I'vo been her. follower nnd her Bervant those 15 yoars, sinco she was a little thing running about in short frooks, and up till now. I never east a thought on any other girl and nover shall. I've always meant to marry her, nnd I moan to marry hor ; and ns suro. as God's alive, George, tho man that cresses me has got to fight mo for hor." , Tho man spoko with an anguish so easily to be seen that the successful rival felt a touch of pity. "Look here, Jack," ho said, "what's the use of talking. Suppose we two should fight — suppose you make an end of me, do you think you'd be any nearer marrying Ellioe for that ? I' never heard it was the way to a girl's heart to' kill the man she .honored with her lik ing." \-- You came in between us," Hetberidge said again, in n dull, tired way this time, "and you'll havo to suffer for it. If I can't marry her no body olso sliall." . "Man alive," cried the other, with a half- cbntemptuoiis, half-nngeroil laugh, "man alive, you're mad; you got your answer yesterday." "Sho told you that, did she?" cried Hetheridge, wrathfully. "Yes," said George, "she told mo. She had a right to tell me. We shall be married, please God, this day tlireo months." "You think so," Hetheridgo answered. "We shall see." "Of course, wo shall," George, answered, dryly. "And How, Jaok, if you'vo no more good sonse to .lavish on me, I'll say, 'Good night.' i Bhould supposo that you'd be very satisfying even to a oraving storaaoh, and I'vo had no appetite for you at ony time. Take the disli away, John." . . . With this touoh of rustio irony Redwood rose, opeiled tho' door and 'indicated the way to bis rival by a carelosB wave of the hand. . "Forowarned's forearmed, they say," said Hetheridgo. "Nevor say I didn't caution you." . "Here Jack, my lad," said Redwood,. slam ming the door and setting bis broad back against it. "What's all this point to ? What are you going to do?" . "I'll toll you what I'm not going to do," said Hethoridge, sitting motionless in his chair. "I'm not going to stand by whilst any man stops in betwoen mo and Eilice Greenaway. Take warn ing, George." "What do you mean to do? Georgo asked him. " Do you think I'm a baby to bo frightened by tho first ugly chap tbat comes along and pulls faces at me? Como now, what do you moan ?" ... " Mean !" cried Hetheridgo, rising suddonly to his feet and confronting his adversary. " I'll have tho life of any man that marries Eilice. Now vou'vo got it straight." "Yes," said Redwood, with an air of weary resignation, "wo'vegot it straight at laBt, and now, got out of my house." Hetheridgo obeyed tho cool gesture of dis missal, but turned in the doorway for a final word. 44 Don't forget. Georgo. Think of what I'vo told you." 44 1 shan't burden my mind with, any .suoh sickly nonsense, " Redwood answered, and so saying, he took tho candlo from tho table and conduotod liis rival to the door. Chapter II. Hetheridge walked out into tho d&rknoss; in a mood sullenly, bitter. - He swung rapidly along by tho garden path, nnd mistaking by a yard or two tho position of tho gato, walked full- tilt against it, abiasing wrists and knees. Tho unexpected pain, slight as it wsb, turned his sullenness to d sudden fury, and wheeling round towards the house, ho cursed it and its inmates aloud with both smarting hands quivering In tho air. He found tho exercise for the moment so congenial and absorbing that he was quite blind and deaf to his surroundings, until he was awakened to them by tho orook of a walking stick upon his shoulder, and tho sound of auoice almost at his ear. 44 Come, come, Hethoridge, said tho voice, 14 this is a poor Bort of work for a Christian mau what's tho matter with you ?" Hothoridgo know tho speaker almost at tho first word, and stayed tho torrentof his objurga tions. 44 You'd bettor get away from here," said the new comer in a toue of authority. " Look here, Sir Eustace," Hotheridge began with propitiative expostulatory whino, in comic Gontrast with his la to full throated anathema. 44 But 1 won't look there," said tho authoritative one, and fixing tho crook of his ; walking stiok in Hethoridge's collar he drew him calmly outside the gate, nnd with a mero injunotion to him to follow, led the way along the lane for 100 yards or so. By this tirao the wrathful man's oyes wero accustomed to tho darkness, and when Sir Eustace stopped, Hotheridge arrested his own footsteps also, and tho two facing each other could dimly read each the expression of tho other's countenance. 44 Now 1" said the baronet, who was a mighty man in thoso parts and accustomed to having his own way with all and sundry, 44 1 told you this morning you were making an ass of your self and that I'd stand no more of it. 1 daro undertake to say that thore isn't a grown man or woman within 5 miles who doesn't know the rights and wrongs of your case ; and there isn't ono of them who, being asked, wouldn't tell you that you aro a fool Old Redwood no more robbed your fathor than I did, or you did, or tho man ia the moon did." 44 1 know better, Sir Eustace," said Hetheridge doggedly. \- .V Ahjs" said Sir Eustace, 44 you're a man with a crank. You'ro laboring under a delusion, and if _ you don't tako care it may lead you into mt8ehief. I don't know after what I heard to night that I shouldn't be justified in advising young Redwood to lay an information against you. March home now and let me aeo you in tho morning. I'll have none of this dangerous madness in my neighborhood, if I can help Goodnight, Sir Eustaco," said the young man humbly. 44 Good night," said tho baronet, and stood watching the rotrcatiug figure until it melted into the shadows and was lost Then he too set out for home, and coming in a little while to the lodge gates of his own park, bade the lodge keeper fasten up for the night, and, light ing a cigar, strolled slowly along the drive, well pleased with himself as a man who bad justly asserted his own importance and arrested a dangerous agent Ho went to bed in the same calm comp:ai8ancy, and in tho morning awaited Hetheridge's arrival. The morning wore away, and tho young man failed to put in an appear ance. Luncheon time came, but still no Hetheridge. This was at 1 o'clock, and at 3 o'clook Sir Eustace ordered his horse and rodo out in quest of tho recluscnt. He found him at his own homestead, a mila or thereabouts from tho hall, a rambling gabled thatched old tenement, which had been in tho course of so many generations so rebuilt in daces, and so added to, that it looked as if tho houses of a hamlet had been heaped and squeezed together. Hetheridgo stood in tho porch leggened and spurred as if fresh from tho saddle. He carried a riding switch in ono hand, and at sight of tho approaching magnate hung his head and whipped at his corduroy legs with an air of dogged abstraction. Sir Eustace came riding down the path as if lie would ride into the house, aud, checking his horse suddenly, looked wrathfully down at tho yeoman. 44 Here you are," bo said curtly. 44 Yes," Hetheridge answered, 44 here I am, as you say,' Sir Eustace." Ho lifted his dogged faeo as ho spoke, and tho baronet guessed by tho Hush upon his forehead and a certain gloomy film of anger in his eyes that he had been drinking.. 44 1 told you," he said, 44 that I expected to see you this morning." 44 I'm aware of that, Sir Eustace," tho young men answored; 44 but I've had other work on hand. There' no suoh a thing as justice in this part of the world for me, and I've inado up my mind to.olear out of it. I rode over to 'Wotees- ter this morning, and I've put tho land on the market. This old bundle of brioks and mortar " — he struck tho lintol with his riding, whip as he spoke. "This old bundle of bricks and mortar goes with It. I'm going to Australia. I can't stand this — old country any longor, and I'm off." . . "Well," said Sir Eustaco, "it's about the best think you could do, Hethoridge. I hope we shall have no folly or violenoe on your part in the meantime. As for the land you've resolved to part with — " 44 Oh, I've quite made up my miud about that, SirEust&oe;," Hetheridgo answered, Hogging at his legs with angry omphasis. 44 I'll mako you a bid for it" the baronet pursued, 44 it lies up close to my own all along. You'd bettor see Raymond or get your solicitor to see him and arrango a price with him." 41 Very well, Sir Eustaoe," the young man answered in a voice slightly huslcy and unsteady, " its no oare of mine who has it so long as it dosen't go into George Redwood's hands." . "Do you mean to stay on here in the mean timo?" Sir Eustace asked him. "No" said tho young follow defiantly, "I'm going up to London. Im going to have a look at The Smoke. I can't breathe down here. I want to go somewhere whero I can get fair play." "Well, well," said the baronet, forbearing to argue with him. 44 1 dare say you're doing the wisest tiling. You'll call and seo me beforo you go." 41 1 don't know about tlmt, Sir Eustace," the other answered. "Thcro's nobody who'll bo any tho bettor for my good byes, or any the worso forgoing without 'emi I've noither wifo nor kin, norohicknor child, and where I go or what liannmoa nf mfi mflfctfirs trt liolifllk." If the young man had paid fewer visits to tho bottlo in the course of tuo day the bitterness of his heart might havo boon less outspoken ; but even as things stood it was obvious that he felt keenly, and tho baronet, who, though a bit of an autocrat, was a kindly man enough in the main, was sorry for liim. He stooped down from his saddle, and laid a friendly hand upon the youngster's shoulder. "Como, come," ho said, "you'll find plenty of friends if you look for them, or even if you let them oomo without looking for them. The world's wide, mv lad. and thero aro lots of good men and protty girls in it." Whother from a fear of breaking down, or in resentment of tho friendly -voioo and hand, Hetheridgo turned and walked straight into the houso without a word. Sir EuBtaco boing thus left alono saw nothing for it but to turn his borso's head homeward, end leave tho un- happy young fellow to his own devices. On tho whole ho was inclined to think that things were turning out wolL He had often thought, and had cause onough tor thinking, that Hotheridge was likely to. bo dangerous. Always inolincd to bo an illroonditioncd fellow, tho young man had of late shown so menacing a disposition that Sir Eustace had more than o>.co felt nervous about him. The baronet regarded himself as tho divinely appointed carotakcr of that country side, and not being a man whosought for trouble, was glad to know that the one disturbing ele ment he bad to deal with was withdrawing from his sphere. As for tho yeoman, whose own wrong-headed- nesa and jealousy uprooted him from his nativo soil, he felt as wrathful, as injured, and aa deso- lafco as if every ono of his mad and bitter fancies had been absolutely true in fact. It gavo an added pang to tho sting of his injuries to know that not a living soul but himself believed In them. The whole world was in a conspiracy against Liim Fcoplo laughed or jeered or turned away in fatigue when ho talked of the family wrongs the Redwoods had inflicted on his houBe. TO 2JE CONTINUED, 