A Persian proverb has it that " suspense " is worse than the toothache or the pangs " of death." It is duo to the civil servants and the railway oilicers who are in sus pense as to how far they aro to suffer reductions in their salaries that- they should be relieved of their metaphorical toothache without any unduo delay. To tho credit of tho Civjl Service bo it said that, not withstanding a few "natural tears" at what isrogarded as the inevitable, tlio prospective reductions and retirements aro acccptod with commendable philosophy, Tho pity is that the railway omployds do not exhibit an equally reasonable Bpirit. Tlio abridge ment of a man's income cannot ho expected to ho welcome under any circumstances. But it is somothing which ninety- nino pcoplo out of every hundred in the eommunity havo had to submit to during the past two years. Tlio Govern ment omployes have hitherto boon exempted from this general condition ; hut the more reasonable of them admit that in times liko thoso. nil who are ablo should assist in bearing the public burdens. When the railway officials potition to he exempted from any reductions in tlioir salaries, they tako up an attitude advorse to tho interests of tho gonoral eommunity. We might easily overlook their agitation, trusting to the resolution of Parliament te exact impartial sacrifices from all, were it not that experience lins shown that tho " railway vote" in the House has reached that stage of development when it may easily become a public menace. Unlike other classes in the Government servico, the railway employes aro banded into an organisation command ing a block vote capable of modifying the independence of Parliament. Wo are not unmindful that class votes aro a permanent condition of our political system. There will always he, moro or loss active, 'the temperance vote, tho publicans' voto, the Catholic vote, the free-trade vote, the protective vote, anil so on. But this "railway vote" is something apart from all of these, sui generis. It is'a/'vote organised, not for the promulgation' ( apy principle of polities designed . for,' tlio public well being, hut purely for tlio purposo of wrenching from tlio State the largest possible concessions for a special class of the State servants. In other words, a "block" railway voto is engineered to tako all tlio cash possible out of tlio cofi'ers of tlio Stato and transfer it to tlio pockets of the voters. . This is a liartl saying, bat it is not given uttoranco to without duo reflection. Time and again, as shown in the letter of a cor respondent signing himself " Tho Rule of "the People" in this day's issue, the rail way employes, by moans of their compact organisation, have exacted from Ministers anil Commissioners privileges of an excep tional nature. To give ono instance. When an ordinary civil servant shuffles off this mortal coil, his relatives aro 'oil titled to a gratuity equal to nine ''lnonths' pay. But a modest concession of1'' this sort will not do for tho railway officials. They managod to get Mr. Service to embody in his Railway Management Act tho loose practice which had obtained of giving tho relatives of deceased officers a month's pay for every year's service. In this way an officer of 30 years' standing in tlio Railway department will go on getting paid by proxy for two years and a half after lie is dead. These are somo of tlio frauds which successive weak railway adminis trations have foisted on tlio taxpayers of J-his colony. Tho Munro Government last session fixed its eyo on this indefensihlo blot, when it was seeking tho amendment of tlio Railway Commissioners Act, and went so far as to propose to wipe it out. But wo all remember tlio result. Such an outcry and agitation was set up by tlio "railway vote" in tlio House that tho Government found itself obliged to jettison this portion of its legislative cargo in order to save the niore immediately im portant portion relating to the Commis sioners. All' this, however, shows that tho whole people of Victoria will not havo gob tlio control of tho railways into their own hands until such timo as tho influence of this "railway voto" is reduced to its legitimate proportion in tho State. What that influence was on tho late Commis sioners can he measured in hard cash. Wo havo pointed it out clearly in the immense increments which they managed to oxaet from the easy and happy-go-lucky regime which has just come to a disastrous termi nation. In view of tho new claims of these officers, it is as well to recall the facts on which they are based : — Ayerngjannual cost of each railway employ Do. do. ill 1892 " ' ' Of course extravagance of that kind was hound to come to an end, and the incre ments had to be discontinued three years ago. It is now worthy of note that the railway servants in putting forward their claims for exemption from any reduction of salary at the present time of retrenchment do so on tho ground that for three years they have not hail any incroments of salary. As our correspondent, " The " Rule of tho People," points out, thoro is no regulation in the Public Servico which confers any right of yearly increment, and why should tho railway employes virtually claim such an unknown concession ? It is quito clear that this latest agitation against retrenchment in the railway salaries is ono which will havo to ho looked to and reckoned with. It comes from a body of men who aim at being stronger than Governments and Parliaments, and who will succeed in their aim unless firm and resolute action he taken to vindicate the interests of the Stato against the exclusive interests of any section of tho people. If anybody feels inclined to doubt this, we may point to two recent instances in which a Premier and an ox-Premier have acknowledged the dominating potency of this " railway vote." The first wo have already mentioned. It was tho caso in which Mr. Munro, after having drafted a measure to limit tho post mortem claims of tho railway oilicers, while feeling its great importance and the justico of insisting on it, had to withdraw it at the dictation of the " block " vote in order to Bave other legislation. Tlio second instance is the cynical statement made by Mr. Gillies him self at Malvern, that tho railway servico " was too great a combination for this " determined Government to attempt " to interfere with. They might' pick " a holo in a coat or two whuro " thero wero only a few men, "hut they wero not likely to go in for a " general reduction." . Tlio prosont nnjnsti- , liable claims of the railway employes to exemption from tho retrenchment. schohio aro an apt commentary on Mr. Gillics's admission of the 'manner in which he him self had succumbed to unfair influences. But wo may hope that this policy of truck ling to sectionnl votes, and tliUB buying n lense of office at tho expense of tho publia Treasury, is past, at any rate for a time, until some advorse conjuncture of circum stances shall recall Conservative timo- servers to power. The country will look to the Shicls Government to stand firm as a rock against this latest exhibition of selfishness in connection with the railways. Theso aro things which are turning tlio minds of thoughtful men moro and more to the question of tensing tiio railways. Tho question forces itself on our attention in a most unwclconio manner, and at a most inopportuno timo. But there it is, as stubborn as Bnnquo's ghost in its refusal to be kept down. And itprosonts itself thus — If 12,000 or 13,000 railway omployes now . can oxcrciso this disproportionate influence on State councils, so as todominatesuccessivo Governments against the interests of the whole people, what may wo not fear in a timo when in the natural order of things the , railway servico will he doubled, and tlio railway army number 20,000 instead of 12,000? Clearly wo have hero a problem which must ho met and legislated for in some way, unless, instead of the Demo cracy governing, a small, compact and organised section of tlio people are to govern the Democracy. A SCORE of members of Parliament met yesterday and resolved that a revision of tho tnriil' in the interest, of local industries ought to he undertaken during tho current session. It is as cosy to pass a resolution of this description as it is difficult to fix upon tlio details of increased taxation most expedient for adoption. The modest caucus made tho discovery of this lattor fact as soon as they attempted to select one ortwosamplo imposts for the edification of tlio Govern ment. Some of tho members, coinmendably anxious for tlio development, of our coal resourcos, proposed an import duty on the Newcastle article, hut it did not take long to discover that increasing the price of coal at tho present juncture would hardly gratify the mass of working peoplo, who in various ways have to depend on its consumption for a livelihood. The next suggestion was put . forward in the interest of tho fcllmongers and wool scourers, and took tho shape of an export duty on skins. Here, again, a division of opinion wa3 speedily evoked, the same as lias been manifested by the deputations which havo waited on tho Commissioner of Customs in relation to the subject. ' On helialf of the follmonger- ing trade Mr. Turner was told that a million skins per annum, which ought to he manipulated in tho colony, were being exported, and ho was asked to inter pose a tax of Id. per pound. This was regarded by spokesmen for' the trado as a " mere bagatelle hut the farming inte rest took a different view of tlio subject, and opposed the proposition as strongly as the others supported it. Tho representa tives of some constituencies which compre hend powerful contingents of both factions consequently havo presented before them a "divided duty," and sigh for a satisfactory compromise. These influences made themselves felt even within the limited ranks of yesterday's caucus, aud prevented anything from being determined on beyond the bald affirma tion .of tho advisability of imme diate tariff revision. It was only by shutting their eyes to patent facts that the littlo gathering was enabled to attain this degree of unanimity. They, in common with their fellow members, and .indeed every ono inside or outside of Pai'liamont who has accorded tlio subject the slightest attention, must he aware that thero are few more ponderous under takings for an Administration to venture upon than that of tariff revision. A session singularly clear of other encumbrances is a first necessity, and amplo timo for prelimi nary inquiry and consideration is also needed. Threo years ago the Gillies Ministry was afibrdod a chance of tho kind, and when the work was finished it was generally hoped that a decade might pass before any similar prnjoct had to bo initiated. A mass of valuable evidence hearing on tho question was at hand in the bulky volume of tho Tariff Commission, and Government, Parlia ment and the' country enjoyed a compara tively leisurely opportunity of digesting it. Tariff revisions are luxuries which must he reserved for seasons of pros perity, when tlio political macliino can he kept moving without undue friction. Tlioy are useless as remedies for troubles such as those at present besotting tho colony. Changes demanded by a practi cally unanimous voice, or any which would he immediately efficacious in helping us out of our financial quagmire, no Treasurer can afford to neglect ; hut it would be con summate folly at this juncture to open tlio Hood gates to the struggle of interests . which tariil' revision involves. Government lias a sufficiently, onerous burden to carry without that crushing addition. If it suc ceeds in placing the Railway department in an effective condition, trimming tlio costliness of the Civil Service, putting the finances and State bookkeeping in order, and restoring public confidence, so that a fresli demand for labor may spring up, ifr will have accomplished pretty well all tho country can reasonably expect during the current year. It would ho highly impolitic just now to invito Parliament to enter on a general discussion of tariff rates, but thero are good reasons for helping all popular move ments having in view the advance of local products and industries'. A prospectus of tho organisation initiated at the public luooting held iu Pitzroy has been issued, and should commend tlio society to the goodwill of patriotic citizens. The pri mary object aimed at is the enrolment of members pledged to give preference to colonial productions in their purchases, and to use their inlluenco with others in a liko direction. Further development of "our "coal, forest, agricultural, fruit growing, "preserving and other natural re sources" constitutes anothor plank in tho platform of the association. It is proposed to form branches at tho various centres of population throughout the colony, and to carry on the agitation by means of public meetings, lectures and the circulation of pamphlets. A section of the Press comprehends tlio only institution which at present engages actively in this propaganda, and there is consequently a good opening for an agency of the kind contemplated. Tho Australian Productions League, if vigo rously conducted, Bliould ho able to render valuable assistance in combating the absurd prejudice against homo products existing in certain quarters. Working men and their families, although so keenly interested ii? the popularisation of our own productions and manufactures, are by no moans free from a bias which, perhaps, is more markedly ox-, hibited by the wealthier classes. In tlio proHpectusNif the League a list of 20 Imports is given, whose total value amounted last year to £4,309,226, of which, undoubtedly, a considerable! proportion might be transferred to tlio credit of our local account. In respect to sonic of thorn tiie problem is more or loss complicated by considerations of preliminary capital to bo risked, but in hny caso bene fits must result from awakening an earnest desire , in the public mind for our own goods to be used rather than imported ones, whcrover practicable. The first itoin oh the Loagiio's list,' /for instance, is coal, valued at £837,819, in respect to which it is obvious no change could be edcctod, savo after heavy preliminary outlay. But what the League desires is that no unnecessary obstacle shall bo placed in tlio way of the opening out of our coal monsurcs. ; It has been demonstrated on several occasions that tho official mind in Victoria is apt to be unduly cniiscrvativo, nud to be prolific of methods of impeding progress rather than the reverse. Tho pioneers of any now industry have a right to claim that their efforts, which, if successful, confer benefits on all, shall be viewed with kindly eyes, and facilities afforded them when needed by servants of tho State. Victorian conl has had quite a battlo to fight in tho Railway department during past years, when it Bhould have been eagerly welcomed. Tho League just formod, if it gnins a permanent status, should be useful in raising a strong public opinion against such tactics, and in assisting the local pro ducer in numberless directions. Govern ment cannot bo looked to for a fresh schemo of protection, but tho people, .if they choose, can tnrn tho existing scheme to far more profitablo account. 