The A.W.I7. Rules Justified. Maneboo writes: In yeur issue of the 5th instant there appears a letter from Ayrshire Downs con taining a number of suggestions for tho =blsEter regulation ~of~v the A.W. ^Union~ ballots, suggestions that in my humble opinion would not have been made had the writer— been -famuiar-with the 'books wins' union. He asks what safeguard is there againBt plural voting. The answer is: the alphabetical roll book, which contains the name of every member and the number of his ticket. The scrutineers prove the bona fides of flvary mwmlwf hy Hiia book. A man may have many names but he can only have one number. If the scrutineers do their duty it is impossible 'for anyone' to vote twice. In regard to the previous year's ticket, owing to the casual nature of bush work during the first three months of ibe year^ many uieiubtjru are not financial. Supposing a ballot was to~take place be twten th«i — months of — January — and- August would it be fair to deprive a mem ber of his right to vote because he did not possess a ' current year's ticket?' mirely the ' previous year's ticket' is the feature of the plebicite. It puts the have nols on ah equality with those that have.* .The suggestion in regard to the election of secretaries is about as valuable as the other one. The supposition that the auditor may report unfavourably is rather farfetched in view of the fact that the A.W.U. constitution provides for quarterly audits, and it is only fair to assume that if the secretary survives the first three he will pull through the fourth. With regard to the ' cliqueism,' that is the bogey of Unionism and the contingent vote, I say straight that there is no ' cliqueism' in tho A. W. Union, and after a careful peruRal of the constitution I do not see how it could possibly exist. But if it were possible, the contingent vote is the very thing to coun teract it. By having a number of nomina tions you can split the votes in such a manner that any 'set' candidate would not have a ghost of a show. 