OUR AMERICAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent] New York, October 9,1892. After a two months' wild orgie of strikes, armed revolts, defalcations, and most other forms of devilry, with a cholera-panic thrown in jo?t to make the cap of our misery fall to overflowing, w? have run into smooth water again, and everybody lias settled down to celebrate the fourth centennial of the landing of Columbus in the new world with befitting fervor. Five days of this week will be devoted in New York to the festivities, and already the city is bedecked with un told millions of yards of banting and of (lags, and with all sorts of costly and beautiful special de signs. On one day there will be a, pro cession of the school children and civic societies; on another a parade of the military, the firemen, and the police ; on. another a grand naval review, in which, warships of most of the Great Powers will participate as visitors, and, of course, on the evening there will be on the Brook lyn-bridge and in the principal squares and parks a colossal display of fireworks, with a general illumination of all thehouses and stores. A quarter of a million of. visitors have already arrived in the <afy to take part in the rejoicings, but perhaps' n-.teven London or Paris is better pro vided with facilities for the transient accommodation of guests, and although the streets are uncomfortably crowded no one has found any difficulty in setting food and shelter. Columbus may pos sibly, as a poet laureate does sometimes, have turned in his grave with disgust at the thousands of bad odes and hymns which have been printed in his honor, but if he have indeed any con sciousness of what is going on he must have been the proudest of ghosts as he realised that his memory is being. celebrated with more ceremonial fuss and feathers than were ever before awarded, to mortal man. And nest week Chicago will take up the ball, and do ite best —but, of course, as we think, in vain—to outdo the splendor of the New York pageants and banquets, while in even the smallest of American hamlets there will be an attempt, more or less successful, to add a tribute to the memory of him who first led the way across the Atlantic to the great western continent. Meanwhile, there is progressing a campaign for the Presidency, but although the nominations were made in •lone and it is now October, the party managers hare so far utterly failed to arouse the usual excitement and en thusiasm among the people. There have been no big parades, and comparatively few meetings. Yet the Democrats tell us that the Republicans are plundering the country of countless millions, and the Republicans tell us that if the Democrats - win we shall all certainly be ruined. But it happens that for the first time in American history the candidates have each actually governed us for four years; and it would be hard to say which man acquitted himself the better. Everyone knows that either will give us an honest clean administration, and has firmness and intelligence equal to any storm that can possibly assail the ship of State. The official platforms purport to show that there is a wide divergence of views : between the two parties, but in their letters of acceptance the candidates have) smoothed off these asperities until It is really difficult to distinguish one from the other. If the Democratic platform meanb anything, for example, it meant free trade, and yet Mr. Cleveland now ridicules the notion that any intelli gent voter should be "frightened at the spectre of impossible free-trade." We may, indeed, confidently expect that, no matter who is elected, there will be no violent and sudden wrench of the exist ing system. It is not easy to get the two branches of the Legislature and the Executive to pull together even for the imposition of duties, but it is far harder to get them to agree to reduce or to abolish them. This is bo notorious that manufacturers are everywhere starting new industries; and scores of firms have wholly transferred their plants and busi ness from England and Germany to this country. Four large plush firms, for in stance—the same business in which the famous Saltaire firm was engaged at the time it stopped operations—have come here, and four of the most important Nottingham lace factories, and an ever growing number of tiupLit? establish ments. So deep is the attachment of the working classes to the Demo cratic party, however, that many of the men employed in these very indus tries will no doubt vote that ticket, but only after receivinga pledge that, whatever happens, the Congressman who represents them shall see to it that nothing hurting their particular interests shall be per mitted to pass. The result will be that in the event ot Democratic success, "when the caucus meets to frame a Bill to modify the McKinley tariff, every one of the spe cial interests will have a friend at court, and in the end scarcely anything will be touched save articles which, like some kinds of cotton goods and iron, have almost outgrown the necessity of protec tion. Thus, on certain cottons which are sometimes even cheaper in Sew York than in Manchester, and which are nevejr more than a half a cent a yard higher, the price ranging from 5 to 7 cents a yard, the duty is 5 cents a yard. Of course this is absolutely prohibitory, and after the Democrats had reduced it by four-fifths it would be just as prohibitory as ever. The shrewdest observers, therefore, believe that the battle of protection was really won when the McKinley 80l became ? law, and that the only substantial relief that foreign traders can hope for is by means of reciprocity treaties. And even, were it otherwise the Congress now elected will not convene until December of next year, and it would take at least six months to push through a revised tariff, and the new Act could only be put into effect after several months' notice ; so under any circumstances the manufac turers will have the field all to themselves for a couple of years to come. As to other party issues—silver having ceased to be a party question, owing to a pledge having been given by both parties that nothing shall be done which shall cause gold to go to a premium, and the honor of the Government being committed to the preservation of absolute parity between the two coins—there is not much to be said that would interest Australians. Whichever party wins something wQI be done, and very speedily, to check the stream of undesirable immi gration. The ruin of Hamburg is a lesson that American cities nave taken earnestly to heart, especially as New- Yorkers have within the past year been twice threatened (first with typhus and. now lately with cholera) with a like fate. To secure escape from these two pesta this city has expended many hundreds oE thousands of dollars, and the energetio methods employed, while they were, as we think, necessary, have brought upon us a chorus of indignant criticism from all other civilised lands. But even from a merely political and social standpoint it is very plain that we are receiving more human material than we can a«aimi late in the body politic. One-fourth of all our voters are now of foreign birth; seven millions of aliens have come here within the past 10 years, mote than, 10,000 having often arrived in the port of New York in a single day. Compared to this the incursions of the Goths and Vandals in the Roman provinces were numerically unimportant. All mild mea sures of restriction have hitherto failed, but Congress must now find an effective remedy. The great difficulty is that no one cares to avow openly what is really aimed at—which is to permit British, German, and Scandinavian immigrants to come itt as before, while shutting out the peoples of Southern Europe and the Jews from Poland and Russia. A poll ta^. of 50 dollars or 100 dollars would be practically effective, but tb?t would. shut out the people we want and tho people we don't want alike. Just now, owing to the peremptory stoppage of ail immigration on account of the cholera, we have learned that some caution will be ueces^u-y. Practically all our domestics are foreigners, and they leave service to be mai-rii-d at the rate of nearly 1,000 a week, their places beiug taken by new arrivals from abroad, and even a month's cessation of the supply has sent up the waires of ordinary girls of-all-work from 14 or 16 dollars a month to IS or 20—4 dollars advance. What, their wages would go to if tl)e supply of new servants were absolutely shut off no one can even fainth' imagine. And one can hardly help wondering what will happen in Europe if we should succeed in erecting a *' Chinese wall nut only against its mevcJiandi.-.v;, but against its superabundant human product as well. There will probably be no new labor troubles until after the election. The Homestead struggle, however, btill continues and has reached the extreme point of bitterness. The company, as is admitted, have lost 2.000.000 dollars, and after three months' effort have so utterly failed to get together a new set of mechanics capable <>f turning cut the better 6orts of work that they have formally announced to the Goi eruiiient that they cannot say when they will be able to deliverannor plate, and the Secre tary of the Navy can, if ho pleases, now abrogate the contracts. At the sauie time the company is pressing the strikers in the courts with a vigor never before known. Pennsylvania has still the old colonial legal system under which there exists a nominal provision that in cases of treason there shall \>o a " King's jury" -- that is that the prosecution shall in effect, as the King used to do before the Revolution, name the jury by which the culprit shall be tried. But no one in Pennsylvania has been tried for treason .since the King's soldiers were sent back home for good, and so the law has never been attacked, as it certainly can be, as a violation of the United States constituiiuii. The Carnegie lawyers, however, have persuaded the district attorney to take out many scores of indictments for treason, and in this way to secure convictions which could not be hoped for from jurius drawn in the usual way '* from the body of the people of the county." Of course such convic tions would not be allowed to stand, but it is expected that they will have the moral effect of aweiug the strikers aud bringing them back to work- Tliree of the strikers, including O'l.).iuiie«ll. have beeu refusedibail, and are now held in close custody at the gaol. A iton-uuionist board ing-house was wrecked two days ago withja dynamite bomb. Xo one w;is st-rioa'sh hurt—the aim of the dynamiter having been probably rather to frighten than, to murder; aud the strikers, of course, protest that it is simply a new trick of the company to discredit them in the eyes of the pnblic. Evidently this Homestead trouble will preserve to the end its chum to historic importance. By a singular coincidence, Mr. Carnegie, on the very day of the boarding-house out rage delivered a public address in Ayr. Scotland, in which lie reiterated his belief that rich men were merely stewards of their wealth for the public ■^ood- It is fair to add, too, that no living rich man has given away a larger percentage of his income, liis known donations amounting to more than 4,000,000 dollars. Perhaps, the real truth is, as is secretly reported, that when he turned the Carnegie business into a stock company the shares that he sold w*re accompanied by a pledge that he would for three years abstain entirely from interference with the management. Possibly, too, never having himself been a mechanic he has no very keen sympathy with that class of working men. He began life as a telegraph operator, and while still a boy devist-d a uew method of train dispatciiing, which saved the Pennsylvania railroad scores of thousands of dollars a year and earned him the place cf private secretary and con fidential "right-hand"' man to Colonel Tom Scott, the then president of that colossal corporation—probably, with its 500.000,000 dollars of capita!,"the greatest aggregation of organised capital in the world. When Scott died he was suc ceeded by Mr. Thomson, the reigning prince of the iron trade, and by him Carnegie was first made superintendent of his iron business, and Dot Joag after wards a partner in it. Of course after that the rest was easy, and in tlie follow ing 25 years he amassed nearly as many millions of dollars. Jfext to inventing improved methods c.l production oneself ought to be ranked in merit a readiness to adopt improved method&wheninventedbyotiiers.; Arecent report of the MinncsoU'i Labor Bureau brings out very strikingly the fact that the Western men are certainly uot lack ing in this second form of intelligent enterprise. Until about l.> years ago, from the earliest times, :ilikc in Europe and in this country, winter wheat brought much better prices than spring wheat, the English prices of the seventeenth century showing an average difference of 25 per cent. Buc in t!:e7iorthem belt of American wheat lands, the clauate practically made the growing u£ winter wheat impossible, and the farmers of Min nesota and Manitoba were handicapped by prices that previous to To were about 40 cents a bushel less than tho&e; gained by their more southern rivals Since 1880, however, spring wheat has not only sold on an equality with winter wheat, but actually 20 cents a bushel higher. The secret of the change is an improve ment in the methods of milling which was introduced by the Hungarian millers a quarter of a century ago, and then broaght to this country and carried to very great perfection. One city, Minneapolis, had the intelligence to devote itself espe cially to this new high grinding and roller process, and by its aid made itself the centre of the American milling business long before its dozen or more of western rival cities had awakened to what was being done. Thanks to this new method the north western hard wheat can now be turned into the highest priced brands, and the Lal>or Bureau serioosly asserts that a million more people are sot supported in the three states of Minnesota and the two Dakotas than would have been pos sible had winter wheat retained the supre macy which it had held for more than a thousand years, and perhaps even longer. But it is pleasant also to realise that the benefit of this change has not been con tinetl to the wheatgrowers alone, but by increasing and economising production has lowered prices so that pejor men all over tho world find it less'hard to «am their bread. In 1573 a bushel of Min nesota llour was worth 1 17 dollars at Bujlalo, and a barrel of flour 11 dollars. jS'ow the wheat is worth 74 cents, and the best flour 4.40 dollars a Itarrel — that is, the fall in the price of flour, due partly ti> tho new process, has been twice as great as the decline in wheat due to general causes. A bint in the Iliad has enabled a modern statistician to compute that in ancient Greece the labor of one }«if>oii was re quired to grind the flour to feed hi Son; in the Minnesota, mills, the labor of one man grinds tho flour for about l,O0tl; and, according to Edward Ukinson, the labor of one man is sufficient to move a barrel of flour a tiious.mil miles. Would that the Labor Bureau could also add (hat the lot of the modem agriculturist, had improved in the same ratio over that of his Homeric pn.-totypc ! The past ten years have brought cnor mouslKHiueslsand aifts to benevolent j.ub ie institutions, amounting certainly to more than .1 hundred millions of dollars, and new art galleries and hospitals, and libra ries and parks, are everywhere to be met with. But the laws iv regard to such matters are very lax. Wisely enough, the private citi;:en rarely puts the control of his gift in tho hands of the local government; but the dangers of confiding the care or it to trustees are proving to be very serious. Trustees, naturally, and perhaps properly, color their control of aflaira with their own prejudices and caprices. Thus in Kcw \ ork wo now have an art museum, con taining thousands of gifts, many of which were accepted subject to a condition imposed by the douor that they should never be exhibited on a Sunday. It would have been far wiser at the begin ning to have rejected all e.\i?j>t unquali fied and absolute donations : but the trustees were themselves opposed to Sunday opening and secretly encouraged the donors to make the restriction. Sow that the museum lias been literally compelled by an overwhelming public opinion to open on Sunday these gifts are a serious embarrassment to the management. In other cases b&ievolent; donors have hedged about their bequests with conditions that will seem as curiously eccentric to our posterity a couple of centuries hence as the " conditions in English wills of a couple of centuries in the pai-t often seem to us. Relief can, of course, here as in England, always be had by means of a speciaf Act of the Legisla ture, but this is a clumsy method, and it would be far better if there were enacted as it, now proposed a general law covering all charitable bequests and restricting the power to make conditional gifts. Very recently a Baltimore society refused a. legacy of 100,000 dollars because the deceased required that the society should put before its title of " Society for the protection of children from cruelty and immorality^' the words " Wm. C. Conine." It has been universally found that when an institution is labelled with a particular UMiie it is almost necessarily doomed to extinction. All gifrs frnm the general public are at once cut ofi", and it is not always easy to find ex-en people who are willing gratuitously to administer its aaUirs. Personal names may of course properly be appended to scholarships and medals and similar t-pecial fa rids, and in some cases of that sort the name may even enhance the value of the gift, as is notably the case with the Professor John Tyndsill fund of 30,000 dollars, devoted to the encouragement of original scientific research, and consisting of^the proceeds of his lectures in this country, which in spite of almost affectionate pressing he refused to accept for his personal use. It is interesting to notice the vigor with_ which the English statesmen are fighting over again the Irish question in the American magazines. At least a dozen articles have recently appeared in American reviews from prominent Englishmen. In the 3 T«riA .isnciirtnm statement by the Duke of Argyll was re plied to in the following number by Mr. Gladstone, and the argu ment will be continued next month by Mr. Arthur Balfour. This is the more amusing because Americans have .it bottom simply a mild aud sentimental interest in the issue involved, and the publishers print the matter merely to help the sale of their wares in England. Americans practice Home Rule them selves and believe in it for others, not as a Sunday-school prise for gord behavior, but as a cure for bad behavior; and they are now cheerfully enduring all sorts of distressing misgo vernment because they hope that an unfit voter will after a while, as Mr. Beechcr! said, begin u> *' squint at" the right use 1 of his ballot and ivill become finally fully awakened to his responsibilities. A few generations will be required to prove how tho experiment will turn out, but sn far as material prosperity goes it is certainly not yet to be condemned as a failure. Englishmen, probably with justice, draw many distinctions between the case of the rebel states and Ireland ; but there was certainly a time, though it is now happily past, when harsh treatment would have made the breach with the South utterly irreconcilable. Some of the English papers have been put to considerable expense in getting by telegraph the spiciest extracts from the reviews, especi ally ia the case of tho Gladstone article, w-luch, appearing just after his return to power, was believed to contain interesting glimpses of his latest views. The English rival magazines may also well grumble at being relegated to second place as a means of publication, but after all these things bring grist U? the mill of the American publishers. On the other hand, Auiarican newspapers arcgrwnbliii" at having to jiay out good money for telt^ graphing over what all of us \~ho have ever used a pen regard as the superla tively bad verses written by three of the principal candidates for the laureateship —Austin, Arnold, and Lewis Morris as tributes to the memory of the man whom they would like to succeed. For the English laureateship is something of the very highest importance to the American public, and columns of gossip about it and as to whether there will or will not be an early nomination are printed here to-day, together with elaborate notices of the contestants and their crimes. Our vote would be practically solid for Swin burne on the ground of literary merit, but his republicanism is of too red a type to suit us politically, and that terrible ode against our friend the Czar is univer sally deplored. Of course, all our own poets are busy in proving that if they were only Englishmen they would be at once moved up to the head of the proces sion. This is, indeed, an aravs niirabiis for the poete, with Columbus and Tenny son and the discovery of the fifth moon of Jupiter as altars for their tributary scrolls. There will be little doing in the theatres until we have fully recovered from Columbus and the elections. Mis. Beerbohm Tree is the only celebrity of the first magnitude expected from the other side, for although Mr. Witeon Barrett is also coming we have had the fortune to see him before. There will be no grand opert, because the Great Opera House was burned down just too late to allow of its beiug rebuilt for the coming season ; hut do doubt opera of some sort will be given now and then iv the smaller theatres. The Casino is | turaed into a copy of the London Alhum-! bra, but the stockholders, who have never j yet received a penny of dividend, are j; trying to put it in the hands of a receiver, and may perhaps be successful—at any rate, every actor and actress hopes that i _ I they will be, for a general invasion of the ' London music hail would be regarded by theni as a national calamity. < 