ORUMBo. . ft^ Metropolitan Hotel, King-street, ' . -- \ Sydney, is in the centie of the city and close to Law Courts, Theatres, and Tramways. , ,* ' - Miss Mallet (bridesmaid at a ' wedding party) lost her life through jutnping from a buggy while the horsoSv were bbiting, near , , Grong.Grpng--£ailway'8tation. ^ Mr., Jv Baker, the first retuming-officer - for tho borough of Teniora, ha3 a very clear grip of municipal law : and portion of his time is occupied in exposing 'mare's neots.' Messrs. Ohaffey are instituting an apprenticeship system in connection with their Mildura and Renmark Irrigation Oolonie3. They take no youths over twenty years of age, and the apprenticeship is direct to Messrs. Ohaffey. It is estimated that at the approaching general election sixteen labour candidates will be returned as members of the House of Commons. It is expected that the Im perial Parliament will be dissolved at Easter. In the Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. Slat tery said prisoner Bartrand had been in gaol - , 25 years, 11 months* and 21 days. No pro- - mises for his release had been made by pre vious Governments, but the case was now ' under consideration. The Temora. Progress Committee, 'which has done good public service, has volun tarily yielded up the ghost in favour of the council. That means that the council is to be regarded as the representative body for all general public purposes. That is as it should be. v - * Mr. Trickett, M.L.O., declares himself an opponent of plural voting, yet believes in ' ' one mat. two votes ! One for residence and one for property, he says. Would that not' just be plural voting? Our numbers are singular and plural: but Mr. Trickett thinks we are Greeks, we presume, and have throe numbers — singular, dual, and plural. . , , _ Lord CarringtGn, who is a candidate for the representation of the electoral division of West St. Pancras on. the London County Council, advocates that the council should work the tramways aud treat the,.employees well.- As in Sydney, the betterment prin ciple should be applied to property benefited by municipal improvements. Another son of Mr. D. Mackinnon, of Brungle, has been killed under similar - ' '? circumstances to his bi other's fatal accident of a few months ago. DeoeaseJ, who was -mounted on, a fiery horse, was engaged in boundary riding, when the animal, becom ing restive, threw its rid6r forward to the ground, breaking his neck. - , Mr. Frederick Alers Hankey, Conservative M.P. for the Chertsey Divisionof Surrey and President of the Consolidated Bank,. Limited, is dead, at the age of 59 years. x' For the vacancy in the House of Commons for the Everton Division of Liverpool, '; caused by the death of Mr. E. Whitley (C), Mr. Willox, also a Consevative, has been returned unopposed. The man Cavargna. the Italian who was ' ^\ arrested at '' Walsall, in Staffordshire, ' , . '! ' England, on suspicion of complicity in the _ s recent 'anarchist conspiracy discovered there, has now been discharged, it having '* _ been proved that the bombs found in his \ - possession were intended, as he claimed, to' -,\ be used in the destruction of rabbits in Australia. - ' ' '-\ Tomora -sells the righs of meeting of the ~' - - committee of the ? hospital.- That is infra ' \C dig. Cootamundra, we are glad to say, - r7 draws the line at hospital meetings, and the committee meet in the council chamber by . -' the permission of the council. Of course, ' \ Temora has not had any council chamber, but that want will now be supplied. The - f ? meeting rights of no public body should be offered for sale: that should only be done in connection with sporting institutions. ?*, Madame Melba appeals to the Divorce ; v Court to prevent her husband, Mr. Arm strong, from taking ex-parte evidence in ( Vienna, bearing upon his suit for a divorce, ~, on the ground of Madame Melba's alleged adultery with the Due d'Orleans. Madame ~ ~ ' Melba prays that the Court will order the - tt' discontinuance of this course until it shall x ? have been decided whether hers is an ~* English or Australian mairiage. On Sunday morning about 120 un- -v- employed at.tendqd service at the r Independent ) ; O^hiirch,' ) ; M^ejbournje,: jfr i'ahd I. at the 'conclusion' of the sermon toe Rev. * Dr. Bovan addressed them in hopeful terms. He said the sympathy of the community was with the unemployed, and he hoped '' they would do nothing by turning to one side or the other to remove that sympathy. He was several times interrupted by applause. ' - Mrs. Gilbertson, travelling from Young * ? to Sydney on Sunday night, gave birth to a fine son in the train. These occurrences, are becoming rather frequent, and the railway department will have to make provision for such emergencies, as is done for other accidents. Recently a poor woman, in a ' ' galloping decline, got into a train at this station, wb/'n _it was thought she was gasping her last breath. She was a most v' pitiful sight, and had three . or four young ohildren with her. She was going to Sydney, without money, without friends, and without knowing what she was going ^ to do when she got there. Some fellow passengers, we have since learnt, were kind to her, and gave her some money to assist her. 