THE PURSUIT OF THE A SKETCH OF A TEMPERAMENT. By THOMAS HARDY, Author of "Tess, of the D'Urbevilles,' " "Weseex Tales," "The Woodlanders," &e.;, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. " All rights te=t=rved.] PART SECOND.—A YOUNG MAN OF FORTY. CnAiTEii XIvl!—(Continued. ) The present embodiment of A vice recognised him, and with the artless candor of her race and years explained the situation that was lather his duty as an intruder than hers. "This is Onp'u Kibbs, a distant relative of poor father's," she said. " And this is Mrs. Kibbs. We've come up from the island wi'en jnso for a trip, and are going to sail back wi'en Wednesday." " O, I sue ! And where are you staying 1" " Here—on hoard." "What, you live on hoard entirely?" "Yes." "Lord, sir," broke in Mrs. Kibbs, "I should be afraid o' my life to tine my eyes among these here kimberlins at night-time; and even by day, if so be I venture into the streets, 1 nowhen forgot how many turnings to the right and to the left 'tis to get back to Ike's vessel— do I, Ike?" The skipper nodded confirmation. "You are safer ashore than afloat," said Pearston, "especially in tho channel, with these winds and those heavy blocks of stone." "Well," said Cap'n Kibbs, after privately clearing something from his mouth, "asto the winds, there idden much danger in tbem at thi3 time o' year. 'Tis the ocean-bound steamers that make the risk to craft like ours. If you happen to be in their course, under you go—cut clane in two paces, and they never stopping to pick up your carcases, and nobody to tell the tale." Pearston turned to Avice, wanting to say much to her, yet not knowing what to say. He lamely remarked at last, " You go back the same way, A vice?" "Yes, sir." " Well, take care of yourself afloat." "Oyes." "I hope—I may see you again soon—and talk to you." " I hope so, eir." He could not get further and after a while Pearston left them and went away thinking of Avice more than ever. The next day he mentally timed them down the river, allowing for the pause to take in ballast, and on the Wednesday pictured the sail down the open sea. That night he thought of the little craft under the bows of the huge steam vessels, powerless to make itself seen or heard, and Aviee, now growing inexpressively dear, sleeping in her little berth at tho mercy of a thousand chance catastrophes Honest perception had told him that this Avice, fairer than her mother in face ana form, was her inferior in soul and understand ing. Yet the fervor which the first could never kindle in him was, almost to his alarm, burning up now. He began to have mis givings as to some queer trick that his migra tory well- beloved was about to play him. A gigantic satire upon the mutations of his nympholepsy during the past twenty years seemed looming in the distance. A forsaking of tho accomplished^ and well-connectc-d Mrs. Pine-Avon lor the little laundress, under the traction of some mystic magnet which had nothing to do with reason—surely that was the form of tho satire. But it was recklessly pleasant to leave this suspicion unrecognised as yet and follow the lead. In thinking how best to do thi3 Pearston recollected that, as was customary when the summer-time approached, Dell-i'-th'-roek Castle had been advertised for letting fur nished. A solitary dreamer _ like himself, whose wants all lay in an artistic and ideal direction, did not require such gaunt accommo dation as the aforesaid residence offered, but the sprit was all and the expenses of a few months of tenancy therein he could well afford. A letter to the agc-nt was despatched that night and in a few days Jocelyn found bimseif the temporary possessor of a place which he had never seen the inside of since his child hood and had then deemed the abode of un pleasant ghosts. 