ALONE ON A WIDE, 1 WIDE SEA. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XI. (Continued). But for my unwillingness to meet tho passengers I should have gone on deck. I felt a sort of madness on me that afternoon. It came and went, but when tho feeling was upon me I craved for the open air, for the sweep and trumpeting of the wind, for a sight of tlie great ship hurling onwards, for a sight, too, of the warring waters ; and at these moments I said to myself, I will not go on deck now and meet the passengers | I will wait until the darkness comes : I will wait until tho people are sleeping, and the silencu of the slumber of many is upon the ship as it was last night— and then I will steal 011 deck and ease the torments of my sightless mind by blending my thoughts with the dark picture of ship and white-peaked seas and rushing black- winged sky ; and this I will do in some obscure corner of the ship where I shall not be seen. , But when the inscrutable horror, tho in supportable agitation which drove mo into this resolution of going 011 deck at midnight had passed, I shivered and stealthily wept, for then I seemed to hoc an awful shadow, a menacing shlipo of darkness, crouching and skulking behind my impulse— a spectre of self-murder, whose first step it would bo to impel me on deck in the darkness of the night, and whose next stop after I should have stood lonely for some time on deck would ue to tempt me to leap overboard into the ocean gravo where my memory lay I Yes, there could be 110 doubt that I was a little mad at intervals during that aftornoon, and one cause of these tits of horror and despair, and of tho desire to mingle my spirit with tho wild commotion outside, anil to pass out of myself into the starry freedom of the blowing ocean-niyht, lay in a sort of dumb, blind anguish tliat racked ino when the clouding of my cabin window by the passing foam carried my thoughts to the speeding of the ship through tho sea. Though I know not from what or where, yet I seemed to feel with God knows what muteness, and blindness, and famtnos3 of instinct, that I was being borne away — that wherever my home might he, from it I was being swept. Feeling indeed was 110 more than seeming ; I could be sure of nothing ,- thought was abso lutely indeterminate ; nevertheless there was a secret movement in my dark mind that goaded me as though the tooth of something veuemous, unreachable and unconjecturablo wa3 subtly at work within me. But having fallen into a short doze I awoke calm, and then I resolved that I would not go on deck that night, for Ifoared if I should be visited whilst 011 deck and ill darkness by such moods as had tormented me through out the afternoon I should destroy myself. Some dinner was brought to 1110 by a very civil under-steward, who stated that Mrs. Richards was too busy to attend upon me, but that she would be having occasion to call upon me later on. Being without the power , of comparing I was unable to understand bow fortunate I was in having fallen into the hands of such a man as Captain Frederick Ladmore. I did not imagine that other cap tains would not use me equally well ; indeed, I never gave that view of the matter a thought. I ate anil drank and accepted all the kindnesses which wero done mo as a child might, and yet I was grateful, and tho tears would stand in my eves when I sat alone and thought of what had been done for me ; but my gratitudo and my appreciation were not those of a person whose faculties are whole. The under-steward had lighted the lamp, and when he fetched the tray I got into my bunk and sat ill it anil asked myself all the questions which occurred to me. I then arose and took the glass from the cabin wall, and returning to my bunk fixed my eyes upon mv reiiection. It may be, I thought to my self, that I do not know who I am because ever since I returned to consciousness my face has been obscured and deformed by sticking-plaister and a bandage. If I remove the bandage I may know myself. So I took the bandage olf aiid looked. The lint dress ing came away with tho bandage and exposed the injury, and I saw that my right eyebrow was of a pale red, with a, long dark scar going from the temple to above the bridgo of the nose. Tho hair 011 the brow was en tirely gone, and my face, having hut one eye brow, had a wild, odd, foreign look. I also perceived that my nose, where it was in dented betwixt the brow and the bridge, was iujured. It was necessary to view myself in profile to gather the extent of this in jury, and this 1 could not do, having but ouo glass. Then I said to my3clf, it may be that I am disfigured beyond recognition of my owii eyes. In the case of my face it is not my memory that is at fault. Calamity and horror of mind have ravaged my face, and I do not know myself. If my face was now as it had been prior to the disaster that has blinded my mind and rendered me the lone liest woman ill the world, tho sight of it would give mo back my memory. I con tinued to gaze at my reiiection in tho mirror. I then readjusted tho bandage, liung up the glass and resumed my seat in my bunk. I was sitting motionless with my eyes rooted to the deck when the door was vigor ously thumped and thrown open, and Mr. M'Ewan entered. He stood awhilo looking at me, swaying ou wide-spread feet to tho movements of the ship, and then exclaimed : " I thought a3 much. But it won't do. Ye'U have to como out of this." I looked at him. "And you've been meddling with your bandage. Did not I tell you to leave it alone ? Oh, vauity, vanity ! is not thy name woman ? Did ye want to sec how much beauty you've lost ? Come to the light that I may see what you've been doing to yourself." Ho undid the bandage, and said, " Well, it's mending apace, it's mending apace. Another day of that wrap and you shall have my permission to appear as you are." He then, with an air of roughness, but with a most tender hand, bound my brow afresh. " Now Miss O." said be — " but am I to call yo Calthorpe ? half tho ninnies are swearing that's your name, on no better authority than the dim recollection of a little old mail who would swear to a ducal likeness in a cook's mate if by so doing lie could find ail excuse to air bis acquaintance with the nobility — what I want to say is this, I'm your medical adviser, aud I desire to see ye with some memory in your head that tho captain may he able to send you home. But if you intend to mope about in this cabin, sitting ill yon bed and glaring at vacancy as though the physical faculty of memory was a ghost, capable of shaping itself out of thin air aud of rushing into your body with a triumphant yell, theu it's my duty to tell you that in stead of your memory revisitiug its old haunt, the ghost or two of sense that still stalk in your brain will make a bolt o't, leav ing ye clean daft. Ye understand me?" " X do not," said I. "Do you understand me when I say you must get out of this cabiu ?" " Yes." " Do you understand me when I say that you must mix with the passengers, take your place at the saloon table and humanise your self iuto the likeness of others by conversing, listening to the piano playing, walking the deck and surveying the beauties ot the ocean. Do you understand that J" " Yes," said I. " You look frightened. There's nothing to be afraid of. But you must do what yo\re told, or bow are you to get home ? " will do anything," I cried, passionately, " tl. t will give mo back ray memory." "Very well," said he, " to-morrow you shall begin. To-morrow you must become a passenger and ceaso to be a stowaway. Why, only think of what your inind may he meessing. Tho saloon dinner tables are stripped, there are people amusing themselves at cards and chess, uiul there is a young lady at the piano singing like a nightingale. She is singing a beautiful Scotcli song, and tho singer herself is a beautiful woman, and how am I to know that there may not be a magic, leagues out of sight of my poor skill, to touch, to arouse, to give life, color and per fume to that dclicato llower of memory which you believe lies dead in you ? " I started up. " I will go and listen to the singing." " No, rest quiet here for this evenmg. Take yonr night's rest. You shall begun to-inor- row. I'll send Mrs. Richards to sit with ye. You shan't be alone. And now d'ye know, Miss C., for all your scared looks you're better than you were when I opened the door just now. Goodnight." Ho spoke abruptly, but ho grasped my hand kindly and looked at mo with kindness and sympathy ill tho face. Tho moment I was tilono I opened the door and put my head out to hear tho voice of tho beautiful young woman, whoever she might, be, who was singing in the saloon ; buteithor the song was ended or tho music was in audible down in this part of the ship whore my cabin was, for instead of the tones of a beautiful young woman rising aud falling in a sweet Scotch melody, I heard tho grumbling accents of four men playing at whist at a cable at the forward end of the steerage. Tho movements of tho rhip were indicated by the somewhat viol-.- at- oscilla tions of tho lamp under which tin 1 -.1 ;, four bearded men holding cards. I was about to withdraw my head, 'when I observed Mrs. Richards coining along the steerage. She boro a large buiidlo in her arms, under whoso weight she moved with difficulty owing to the rolling of tho ship, and sho came directly to my cabin. " Here it is," she exclaimed, letting tho bundle fall upon the deck, " how heavy pood underliilen is ! It's the rubbish that's light, though it 1oo1:b more, and that's why it pays. Here, my dear, is . quite an outfit for you. You may take them as gifts or you may take thom as loans ; that's as your pride shall decide. There's some," said she kneeling and opening tho bundle, "from Mrs._ Webber, and some from Mrs. Lee, and likewise a dress from Miss Lee, which she hopes will fit, and some from and sho named three other ladies among the passengers. The collection was indeed an outfit in its way. There was 110 essential article of female attire in which it was locking. " The ladies," said Mrs. Richards, " put their heads together, and one said she'd give or leud this, and another said she'd give or lend that ; so here'll be enough to last you to Sydney, ay, and even home again." .The good little creature's face was bright with pleasure and satisfaction as she hold up the articles one after another for mo to look at. "How am I to tliank the ladies for their kindness?" said I. " By wearing the things, my dear, and in no other way do they look for thankB," sho answered, and then sho proposed that I should put on Miss Lee's dress to see if it fitted me. It was of the right length, but tight in the chest, though it fitted me in the back. "You shall shift the buttons," said Mrs. Richards, "and then it will fityou. I'll fetch my workbosket and you shall make the alteration this evening, for the doctor only a little while ago told mo that you were not to bo allowed to mope in the cabin or you will go mad." She withnrow, and in a few minutes re turned with her workbasket. Sho placed a chair for me under the lamp, put the dress and the workbasket on my knee, and pre serving her cheerful smile bade me go to work. I believe she suspected I bIiouIi! De at a loss, and at a loss I certainly should havo I been had not the articles I required been set beforo mo. I could not have asked for scissors, needle, thread, thimble and tbc like, because I should not have been able to recol lect the terms nor the objects which the terms expressed. But- when I saw the things my recognition of them cost me no effort of mind. I took them up in the order in which I required to use them, picking up the scissors ancl cutting off a button, then thread ing a needle, then putting on a thimble, and all this I did as readily as though my memory was us perfect as it now is. Mrs. Richards watched me in silence. Presently she said : — "There is no reason, my dear, why you should not belong to a noblo family, but I do I not believe yon aro a lord's daughter. You uso your needle too well to be the daughter of a lord." " I do not droam that I am the daughter of a lord," said I. " Y011 might ho the daughter of a gentle man whoso brother is a lord, and there may be reasons which there is no accounting for, until your memory returns, why you should have been taught to use your needle. No nobleman's daughter would think of learning to sew. Why should she ? She might learn fancy work for her entertainment, but your handling of the needle isn't that of a fancy worker. I shouldn't bo surprised if your father iswi clergyman. There aro many clergymeivho belong to noble families ; and do you know. Miss C., if you wore a wedding ring, I should be disposed to think that you luul plently of times mended aud made for little ones of your own. Why do I say this ? Is it your manner of sitting? Your way of holding the dress? What puts it into my head ? I'm sure I can't tell, but there it is." She camo and went whilst I was busy with tho buttons of tho dress, and when I had made an end I put the dress on and it fitted rno. Wo then between us packed away the linen and other articles in some drawers in a corner' of tho cabin, and when this was done she left me and returned with wine and bis cuits and a glass of hot gin and water for her self, and for an hour we sat talking. (To be continued.) 