CORRESPONDENCE. [WYe are not responsible for the opinions expressed by our Correspondents.] To the Editor of the Express. SIn,-I am desirous to give a brief account of life amongst the Mormon farmers; the Yankee farmers; and the Irish farmers. I will commence with the Mormons. The farms are not large from one'to 300 acres; they neare well fenced and well cultivated; also well irrigated; in fact the most perfect irrigation I have seen in my travels round the world. The soil is not riob, we would reckon it here second-class land. The Mormons grow very heavy crops of maize, wheat, buck wheat, oats, and potatoes. Dairying is not carried on extensively in the part of the Utah territory we travelled through. They have good and com fortable homesteads, principally built of wood. To every homestead there is a small orchard from two acres to five. All kinds of vegetables are grown on every farm for home use. I could see no idle people in that territory. I travelled in company with five New Zealand farmers of about my own age. They were all on a visit to England, intending to return again. We could all take hold of the plough and plough a round or two and bare a yarn with the Mormon farmer, therefore we would likely get more information than a gentleman flying through the territory, as we could talk farming in all its branches. The Mormons seemed to take to us, and gave us all the information we required. They were also very kind and obliging when they found we were really farmers and understood the business. They do not neglect the education of the children; there are schools about three miles apart, and the children look clean, intelligent, and healthy. We were very much surprised to see only one wife in the farm-houses, and some farmers are bachelors. However, at first we did not think it proper to want to know too much, or ask too many ques tions. We found they are all very pious people, and they are not hypocrites. They would not take pay for our food and quarters, but we gave the children (it any) money when leaving the farm. The food was well cooked. The houses were very clean, with plain furniture, and the kitchen was arranged with all labour-saving appliances for the convenience of the ladies to cook and bake. The wife and daughters are very industrious. It would do a good many Victorian farmers good to see how the Mormon farmer treated his wife and family. They could do a great deal of work and be always clean, on account of the conveniences the husband provided for them. We came to an old Scotch farmer, Willie A- (I will better not mention names.) He was the owner of four farms, and was a native of Coatbridge, near Airdrie. He had four wives one on each farm, and also a family of sons and daughters on each farm. I had also been in Coat bridge, and knew some of Willie's relatives, therefore we became friends at once. We got a good deal of information from him. When a convert comes to the Salt Lake first be gets 100 acres of land at a fair price-generally about three dollars an acre. Converts seldom have any ,nonoy s they got the land on tne waymvneot; the stuff, re iall--booked against them. The neigh bours build the house and put up the fence for him-that is, the labour is free, but he has to pay for the material and the land when he can, with 4 per cent. interest added. After he has paid all his debts he can take another wife; that is, if his first wife will consent, also the elders. But before he gets another wife he has another house to build and farm to buy. The second farm belongs to the second wife and her family. No two wives live in the same house. They are very strict in their religious laws, and a Mormon leaves his wife until the baby is weaned. If a man has six farms he might have six wives, pro viding they all consent, and they generally do. calling each other Sister Jane, Sister Agnes, and so on. They seem to live very peaceable, and they show very great love and affection for each other. W. A. told us the Mormons were very friendly with the Indians. No Indian ever scalped any of them, and they never killed one Indian. Many persons tried to impose on the Mormons, saying they believed their doctrines, for the sake of getting land and other benefits. If they cannot convert those there is a court martial held by the elders, and if the accused are found guilty the senttnce is they have to be "used up." The person may try to make his escape, but there is a desert to cross, and they are scalped by the Indians before they go far. heo Salt Lake city is well surveyed, and a very pleasant place, but it would take too long here to describe it. Their sheep and cattle are not so well bred as ours in Australia. The horses are a kind of cross between the Cleveland and blood. I have not seen a good Clydesdale in any part of America. The Cleveland is best adapted for them, as the soil is light, and they use very light ploughs. There are not many very wealthy Mormons, and none very poor-no real poverty. I have heard and read a good many tales about them, such as the Mountain Meadow massacre, but when it is properly explained the Mormons were not so much to blame as the Yankees. They have good qualities as well as faults; nothing in this world seems to be perfect. They are the most industrious agricultural farmers I have seen anywhere. We bid our old Scotch Mormon good bye, and took the train to Ogden, on the main line to the Eastern States. At Ogden two special trains with Mormon converts passed us. They were principally from Manchester, England. I understand that, when they convert people in distant parts of the world, they pay all travelling expenses to Salt Lake, therefore they get the most of their converts from large mann facturing towns in dull times. The converts are taken- away out, of, poverty, badly ventilated dwellings and noisy dusty factories, from the haunts of sin and vice, and are given a comfort able home in the country. They appreciate the change, aud if not well converted they soon become reconciled when they see they are treated with kindness. Love and kindness are the strongest powers to conquer both men and women. To describe the irrigation minutely would require several large volumes, therefore there is no use to try it. The water is principally got from snow. There are very high moontains not many miles from Ogden. The farmer reckons his crop according to the amount of snowfall in winter. The Mormon religion is built on a rotten foundation. It was fabricated from a novel that a Presbyterian minister wrote. He died. and the manuscript fell into the hands of Joseph Smith. It had not been printed and he manufactured the Book of Mormon from it. However, I believe the Mormons of the present day are sincere, and believe it. And supposing they differ from us we have a right to allow them liberty of conscience; and many of their laws could - be copied by us for our benefit, especially by married people. 1'. M'CxLUsHEY. Bacchus Marsh, 23rd June. To the Editor of the Express. Ssn;,-It is withL feelings of regret I learn thal your religious correspondent, Mr.P. M'Cluskey, has resolved to conclude his valuaible papers. I trust he will be induced to modify his resolution, so as not to deprive altogether your readers of the many advautages which they cannot fail to derive from his literary labours. I have endeavoured to glean from liis epistles the school of thought to which he belongs, but to no purpose. I apprehcnd that he is of the Mick M'Quaide character, "everything in turn, and nothing long.'" I would not trespass on the publie attention were it not that your corres. pondent, in his last epistle, holds up the g of distress. and being of the good Samaritan tempe?? ment-I rush to the rescue. 'I will have to digress from my primary object for a moment, and revert to letter No. 2, wherein your correspondent' bays, "I consider all Christian societies or denominations are the one Church in Christianity." As there is no one doctrine held in common by all sao's. of professing Christians the doctrine that one religion is as good as another, and all one in Christianity, is evidently absurd. The logical deduction is, not that all are one in Christianity, but that all are one in nothing! Another logical deduction, if we concede to this popular theory is, that God sent His Son into the world to teach man nothing! Liberalism in religion is untenable, and those who profess it are in the throes of Christianity, and the first stage of unbelief. Truth is essentially exclu sive; is safe and permanent only through its intolerance, and comes to an end the moment it capitulates with error. Veracity, or essential truthfulness, is one of God's attributes; God loves truth of necessity; and must, as a law of His nature, bear an undying and eternal hatred to falsehood. The moment, then, we affirm that one religion is as good as another, and that it is.n matter of indifference with God what form of Chrstian belief men adopt, that moment we are hurried inevitably into the blasphemous conclusion that He is not more glorified by the profession of the doctrines which He Himself has revealed than He is by the profession of those false theories of men which contradict them. The most striking trait of the character of Christ-that which most' impressed the Jews, and which shines forth in every page of the Gospel, is the tone of authority with which He teaches, and the obligation which He imposes on all to believe His doctrine. The same absolute authority we find again in the' Apostles. If they are publicly scourged, they pray for their por-eocuosr, but if their doctrine is- assailed-if presumptous spirits venture to mingle' their own conceptions with it-their zeal is kindled, they brand the innovators as ministers of the Evil. One, and strike .with anathema whoever dares to pervert their teaching, be it an angel from Heaven, Gal. 1. 8. Again he says, "I look upon Christ as the true vine, and that we are its branches, though we differ in opinion." This learned evan gelist reduces the revealed truths of Christianity to matters of opinion, and thus tramples on divine faith, without which it is impossible to please God. That "Christ is the true vine" few Christians will deny; but that " we" (all Christian sects) "are its branches" I consider the champion extravagant thought of the century. But, to cap the climax of religious profanity, he states that " God wills it to be so"; God wills the different sects, who are chil dren of His own creation ! Is God, then, divided ? Or has He ceased to be the God of peace and love of the Christian, and in the pliant hands of Mr. M'Cluskey become the God of error and dissension? No, friend, such is the character of our adversary the Devil, not of the Eternal God. In letter No. 3, after the beautiful similitude of the potatoe, we read " when the seed of God is sowed in man, the old man dies by degrees . . his own sinful nature dies out." If his sinful nature dies out he is.incapable of after sin. This dictum is contrary alike to the personal experience of all men and divine revelation; but if we refer back to letter No. 1 we shall find there a crushing reply given by himself. Speaking of sin he says, " but we must be always on the watchtower, or certainly we fall into sin if we are caught slumbering." The fourth letter contains some beautiful Christiin truths-a number of half-truths set in a pile of rubbish. To extract the wheat from the cockle would be a stupendous task, and serve only to extend this letter to an- abnormal length. In the fifth and last letter of this correspondent we read "God is far better than the gentlemen in the long robes give Him credit for." I cannot for the life of me see how it is that a man dressed in long robes cannot see with the same distinct ness of vision and intellectual comprehension as your correspondent, dressed in his bobtail. All persons, no matter the cut of their raiment, with the most elementary knowledge of God, must know and believe that He is infinite in all His perfections; infinitely good; infinitely holy; infi nitely just; &c.; To make Him better or worse is to prove to demonstration that the writer has not the remotest idea of what he is speaking about. He continues:--"I have not frightened you with fire nd brimstoneo to o.-pre yo to loe Him:' n-r. unseat. %. nor -- t o of -5 Ode fble. uing ot wisdom ?'" werenot Sodom and Gomorrah. wicked cities that feared not the Lord, destroyed by fire and brimstone from heaven ? Does not St. John the Evangelist, in his Revelations, Chap. 14, v.10, 11, speaking of thejudgements that shall fall upon the wicked say " he shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, and shall be tormented in the sight of the holy angels, and in the sight of. the Lamb, and the smoke of their torments shall ascend upward for ever and ever;" &c.; Now, friend, would you have us follow your ipse dixit, and close our eyes to inspired authorities? To do so would be the acme of superlative infatuation. He continues, " there is only one sin there is no forgiveness for, neither in this world or in the next." Any of your indulgent readers are invited to explain; it is the one Ghost on his track with which he fears to grapple. The sin be refers to is that of "blasphemy against the Holy Ghost;" which was committed by the Pharisees of old when they ascribed the works of the Spirit of, God to that of the Devil; and is committed still by those' who leave the Church of God and hold up a cari cature of her and of the divine spirit that guides her, to the mockery of her enemies. They are men, intellectually proud, who leave the security of the ark, and in a punt of their own creation rush blindly into the raging billows to meet an inevitable grave. See Heb. vi. c., 4.-8. v. His citation from Revelations is arithmetically in accurate; the number of virgins without blemish that sing this new canticle, and specially minister to the Lamb is 144,000. But to infer, as Mr. P. M'Cluskey does, that because they are without blemish before the throne of God, where nothing defiled can enter, that therefore they were "free from sin" in this vale of tears, is simply prepos terous. " I am aware," he concludes " there are many in the world living a life free from sin." Such knowledge, friend, is impossible to you, except you claim special revealation from Heaven. To God only the secret workings of men's hearts. appears; to you the outward tinsel. I shall now conclude with one other citation taken from letter No. 2 of this learned teacher. Speaking of the peace and contentment that accompanies the infusion of sanctifying grace he says,." this state is generally come to through many hard trials . . and even disgrace." This might serve as an apology. for the erratic vagaries of some men, but that it is generally so, I, as a Christian, enter my humble but emphatic protest. ONE OF Youa REaDERS. 