THE OUTLOOK. We may record our deep and painful conviction ' that' great tribulatiom ; is assuredly in store for us as a nation which has pledged ; itself, before heaven and earth, to maintain the laws and honour of God, the true profession of the Gospel;; and the Protestant, Reformed Religion established by our forefathers For, the most) ordinary observer of modern times cannot fail to mark the nation's declension from the grand fundamental principles of our Scriptural Constitution, or the frequent warnings which the King of kings has addressed to us in punitive and corrective providence. National sins 'and national punishments are inseparable in the' economy of the Divine government of earthly ; kingdoms. Our unspeakably greater religious and civil privileges involve us in a responsi bility correspondingly greater than that of less favoured peoples. Yet; what shall we 'say of England's conduct? The basest ingratitude towards the Great Giver of all our blessings has long characterised her. Atheism at home and idolatry abroad have not only been tolerated by authority, but excused and patronised. Romanism in Ireland has by degrees been suffered to , gain an as cendancy which is now capable of coercing by physical methods the lawful functions of the State, compelling con cession after concession, until at last the rights of free speech are invaded in the Legislature, and the most exaggerated claims of the Papacy may be forced upon the country without opportunity for protest being afforded the representatives of the people. Enormous sums of money have already annually been taken from - the national exchequer — which means, from the toil-earned incomes of a Pro testant people — and bestowed upon the sworn foe of the Country and the Faith. We have thus solid reasons to fear that God's controversy with England has only begun. And, we see no signs of repent ance, whether we look to the rulers in Church and State, or to the people at largo. So far from this, is not sin being added to sin ? Are not the parish churches and cathedrals being persistently turned away from the Protestant uses for which they were designed, and fitted up with all the meretriciousness of the Harlot Church of Antichrist, and descrated by an alien clergy with their mass- sacrifices, auricular confessions, and Babylonian idolatries? Are not the pulpits, by thousands, proclaiming doctrines which belie the pure Gospel of our crucified Lord Jesus, which deny the sovereign operations of the Holy Ghost, and which rob God's hungering children of that pure bread of the Word whereby alone they live ? To undo the work of the blessed Reformation of the 16th century, and to yield up the martyr- honoured Church once more to the embrace of the Pope, is the declared object of men who have " crept in unawares," and to retain whom appears to be the anxious policy of the Bishops. Our readers, then, will share with us feelings of apprehension as we look out upon the future. God, our own God, is a jealous God, and will not be mocked. Whatsoever a man, or a nation, soweth, that, and not something else, shall be reaped. Idolatry, and the encourage ment of idolatry, have always brought down the Divine wrath, sooner or later, in the history of enlightened nations. These colonies are too like their mother in this declension. If, therefore, such perils surround us, the duty of lifting up ourvoice like a trumpet in protest against those great sins, and the obligation to labour night and day to arrest the fatal course noyv being pursued by this highly favoured Empire, is laid upon us who would maintain the honour of Him who has made us great, prosperous, and free, — upon us, who value the Truth above the earth and its fulness, and whose prayerful desirp it is to hand down to our children's children that heritage of Gospel' light and liberty which, as stewards, we have received in solemn trust. We have glorious promises to cheer us in bur warfare. Though an. host encamp against us, and though Satan seem for a little while to be winning the victory over Christ'a kingdom' and cause, we are confident that in the bad his overthrow shall be cimplete. The Anointed One, our o wn, adorable 'Captain and Leader, is Almighty; Ooaniscient; and Omnipresent —attributes all engaged in an everlasting coyehanc on the side ot His faithful fol- lqwera---whence;we take, courage and go lip in the spirit of David as he approached Goliath, the blaspheming champion of the Philistines, assured 'that the Lord of Hostsds with us, that the God of Jacob is our refuge, aud that yet a little while and the Beast and the False Prophet, and the Image of the Beast, and every high thing which now lifts itself up against our King, shall be pub beneath His feet in eternal j udgment, while Ha alone s hall be exalted ih that kingdom yvhich will have no end. Brethren, let us go forward 1 Tlie Statistics of Silver.— Oitomar Haupt, in ihs Financial Times, eatimatss the consumptioa of silver by the ' world in 1891 as 4,640.000 kilogrammes, and the world's prodaotion «t 350,000 kilogrammes less than this, the defioionoy in che prodnction presnmably being mede up from tbe stocks on hand at the end of 1890. L ist year the same high authority estimated the obaeumptioa of of 1890 at over 5,000,000 kilogramiaes, and as being about 20 pr oent. greater than the prodaotion of 1890. The contradiction between the falling value of silver and the stittiatios of demand and supply is, to say the least of it, very remarkable. BritlsU Troops Preseutiag Arms to the Host. — T.ie 8 iv. Jaooo Primmer, whos.i zeai m tue Protdst.iut cause is well known, has lately writtm to Lord Salisbury -and to the Secretary for War, de manding whether it is not " a gross outrage on our .Frotastaat oonscitution chat British troops in the Popish chapel at the Ourragh Oamp, Ireland, on Ohristmas Day, 'under arms uud in full review' order, obonld bayonets and shoulder 'arihs as the Popish priests entered from thh saoristy, and also presented arms at the elevation ot the Wafer- God, the Fficrifice of tho Mbpp, end tbe Btiie- diclirn.wbich follovied tbe Mbeb, bb report d in the Catholic Times of Jnnoary.let ? Thst Fopieb cevepeper bIbo ststea that tbe cere mony WBB the first held in Great Btit»in or Ireland for three hnndred yeare." Tbe Prime Minister throngb bis Secretary acknowletiged the receipt of Mr. Piimmer's letter, while the Minister i-f War in doing tbe same Bsid tbe matter Fbonld receive attention. Iflnes on tbe Coniessional.— At a great Bnti-OonfesaioDBl Meeting held at Bornley recently, nnder the anspices of tbe Burnley branch of tbe National Protestp.nt League, tho Bev. J. B. Waddington, Secre tary of tbe Evangelical Protestant Union, read tbe following lines on the ConfesBional, which, though not new, cannot be too frequently repeated, or made known too widely : — Cursed Byetem, hideous plan For demoralizing man — > ' For destroying without ruth All the purity of youth — For polluting every good Of that jewel, maidenhood — For inflaming woman's heart By the priest's Iflscivious art — ' Till each vivisected string Thrills benefltb his torturing ; We denonnce what we know well, Cruel meBfetpiece of hell I Tbe Condemned in Mel bourne — The condemned Windsor mur derer has seen fit to make a kind of confes- iion of the deed to the Chaplain and Assistant of the gaol, which like all his other utterances since his arrest is evidently dictated by design. He still attempts to insinuate the old falsehood of his irresistible impuise to murder his wife, and the alleged apparition of his mother, urging him thereto. His story of the knife which he wrenched from his victim when she was peeling fruit being apparently verified by bis pointing out where it might he found, was a device to infiuenco the Executive in the supposition of his truth. The Executive, however, see no reason to doubt his responsibility after taking all things into eonsiderBtion. Mr. Scbey's Cbarges.— The first of the two charges which was the grosser of the two, being an attack on the personal character and conduct of Mr. Eddy, chief Commitsioncr, resulted in the humiliation as well is tho defeat of the accaser. The presi dent insisted that he should either withdraw the charge or proceed to prove it. Mr. Schey fenced had not his proofs, wanted time, — although it is two months since he made tho odious accusation in Parliament. He would not go info the ciock and he aworn. In the end as His Honour insisted that he should go on, or withdraw, ho elected the latter course, and then the president declared that tbe charge must be treated as if it had never been made, so precluding Mr. Eddy's request for being sworn and giving a statement of the facts. The second charge was made against tbe railway com mission era officialy and not against Mr. Eddy. Roman Catbulic Statistics.— According to the United States census of 1890 the Boman Oalholic population of ihia country in that year was 6,250,045. Obildren under the ago of 9 yoars, eatimated at fifteen per cent, of the entire popnlation, were not included in the report. If this percentage be added, tho number tf Boman Catholics in tho United States, men, women and children, ac cording to the Government censns, would be 7,187,551. There is no reason to question tha accuracy of these figures. They were obtained from tbe bishops and priests by Dr. H. K. Carroll, one of the editors of the New York Independent, who hoe been appointed by the Government special superintendent of the department of religioue statistics. But tbe "Catholic Directory" for 1892 places tbe Boman Catholic popnlation at 8,647,221. These figures were compiled from the statistics supplied by the biabops of the diocese, who receive their information from the pastors of the churches. In Ihe New York Sun of February 11, the followiug oommnnicatioD was printed by Father McSweeney, one of the professors of Mount St. Mary's College, Emmettsbnrg, Md. "To the Editor of. the Shn.— Sir',— The population of tho United States in 1700 was 3,029,000 ; in 1800, 5 308,000 : in 1810, 6,239,000; in 1820, 6,633,000, &c.; That is, it increased at such a rate that in 1890 it would be 22,942,000. Instead of this it is 65,500,000. _ , , "In 1820 statistics of immigration began to be kept. About 16,000,000 of foreigners have arrived since then. Therefore about 39,560,000 of our people are foreigners by birth or descent. Supposing that only one- half of the immigi ants were Catholics, you have a Catholic popnlation of abont 20,000,000 from this sonrce alone. What's the matter with this conclusion ? Edward McSweeney." This means a loss of 11,000,000 souls. Cahensly says 16,000,000. Last Year's Immisration.— In the year 1891 there were landea at the port of New York 430,000 immigrants. Of these Germany Inrnitibed 74,496; Italy, 65,087; BusbIb, 52 022; Sweden, 32,826; Ireland, 35,951 ; Poland, 27,500 ; Auatria, 27,433; Hungary, 25 433 ; Englsnd, 22,820; Norway, 10,500 ; Denmark, 9,024 ; Bohemia, 8i074 ; Swi zerland, 6,264 ; Scotland, 4,886; Finland, 4,030 ; Belgium, 2,773; pQiiugal, 1,985 ; Greece, 1,038; Armenia, 946; Wales, 456 ; Spain, 124; Turkey, 75 ; and all other ccnntries, 3,985. ®tbolic Clergy in France.— CTatisticB ot ihe Boman Catholic clergy of hrance placo the number at 55,540 men. e lonn"-® figures upi n which the budget ot 1892 is based. There are 18 archbubops, 69 bishops, 3 420 pastorn of varions ranks, 182 vicar generals, 31,255 aBBistants, 7,109 vicRTs, 700 other ecclcsiastice. At present there are 136 pastors deprived of their in comes on account of some conflict with the State Buthoilties. The Beformed and other Protestant clergy number 720 ; while in France and Algiera there are 60 rahhis. The French clergy are paid by the government 8, 000,000dol8. yearly, and yet they are hostile to tho Bcpublic. Last month the govern ment was defeated in a measure that in cluded the inspection of convents and monasteries. 