C OtyyrifM.1 LOVE BETTER THAN SACRIFICE: fcft INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT, By OSCAR PARK; CHAPTER XX. A CAFlTlTliA.TION’, Am I expected to tar that Mr. Mowbray s re fleotipna betwe’ntlio departure of Mr. lluruiSk and iho second appearance of Dormsen wer* of a very humiliating aud painful nature f Then I must disappoint an expectation so little justified by an acourato understanding of this gentleman's character. lie very quickly floundered through tho rather noisome bog in which tho American had loft him sticking, and epeedily reached ground firm enough to bear his weight. He had eared tho gilding, and, indeed, had added to it afresh layer, whioh, if not as thick an ono as ho had hoped to aoc, was yet immeasurably bettor than to have tho old gilding stripped entirely away. What if he had failed to orerreaoh Mr. Burdick 7 That was a mere incident. What if he had failed to marry his daughter to tho man of his ohoico 7 He could chow that impudent young cub’s father that ho could get on very well with out tho support of Tho udon and Son. What if he was about to eat his own words to Dormscn f It would bo strange it with his mastery of words hs could not juggle so effectually as to make that young man see that tho earlier interriow had beon , nothing more than a trial of tho strength of his purpose and persistence. And at the worst John Wolscy Mowbray, ho reflected, must still to ninety- ( nineons-hnndredths of the nniverso present nnirn- ■ paired tho imposing figure of a terrene god encased • in shining metal. Oh, no I Wbilo it would hare been a satisfaction without alloy to hare reached his goal by his own path, yet he had come eo perilously near being compollod or turn back altogether, that hit dominont emotion epeedily became one of exul tation that ho should hare got eo far without disaster. Tho habits of a lifetime are not to bo so easily disconcerted. There iB more bigotry in self worship than in any other form of devotion. Pre serve the substance and the incidents will get themselves harmonised somehow or other. In faot, now that Mr. Mowbray came U> think it all over, he began to fancy that he had really hoodwinked ■ Mr. Burdick very cleverly. Indeed, too, he had j quite made up his mind to have nothing more to ; do with the Tborndons, father and son both, which would be quite sufficiently galling to therm ; ; and now that he was assured by a disinterested person that Dormsen was possessed of both good birth and money, he shonld have probably himself ; selected that young gentleman asm suit able husband . for his daughter, if for no other reason because it ! would bo wormwood to the Thorndons. Thus easy and simple it is for one, who worships with his whole soul, to not alone augment snoh virtnes as his idol has, bat to impoto upon it other virtues which it has not. " I am informed that yon wish to see me, Mr. Mowbray," said Dormsen, as he entered that gentleman’* sitting-room a seoond timo this - evening. “Ah, yes, Mr. Dormsen 1 Will yon kindly bo seated. After yon bed left me some timo ago I began to fear I had been somewhat abrupt. You , will confess yourself, my dear sir, that the sudden nees of your communication and its nature ware —considering my ignorance of your claims upon my attention—such as could not fail to reoeive from a father, whose first thought Is for his daughter's happiness, if not a distinct refusal, yet such a modified tone of non-enoonragement as would negative any presumption of acqniesoence on my part without absolutely destroying hope on yonrs, until I could make certain inquiries as , matter of commendablo precaution.” Christopher Dormsen's knowledge of tho Eng lish tongue had very greatly improved in the past winter, but be had yet to learn what could be done with it when the effort was fairly made. However, though he could not himself have framed these sentences, yet ho caught their purport very clearly. •' Am I to understand, Mr. Mowbray, that yon did not intend, a short time ago, to distinctly and finally refuse me your consent I” Mr. Mowbray opened his eyes very widely. How surprised he was that any inch interpretation ronld be put on his earlier words. “'Oh, by no means, Mr. Dormsen I” And then ho tbought it well to be facetious, and he smiled ;n quite a confidential and engaging way. “Ah, <«y dearyoung friend, when I was atyonr age such interpretation would have been tho very lost ■ fist my warm dieires would have suffered me to put upon language dictated solely by a father’s ■worldly prudence and that aflectiou which shrinks from jarting with a belovedohjcct. Ah,“he o n tinned,looking into the fire with a meditative gsr.e, “1 am an old- fashioned gentleman, Mr. Doruiscu, e» yon see. I cannot entertain the subject of the disposal of my daughter’s hand without n pang.” There were reasons why Dormsen did not care to • make any audible reply to these—proofs, shall ws w»ll them 7 of a parent's singleness of affection, net be could with great truth assure Mr. Mow bray that the rejection of hia suit—for so he had understood it—had only postponed his purpose not -■verwhelmed it. ” I supposed your InDgnnge ad mitted of but one construction, Mr. Mowbray, but 1 can assure yon it did not dishearten me." “I am delighted to hear that assurance of tbe stiength of your attachment, Mr. Dormsen. Tbe atilour of the young is always an attractive object of contemplation to those whoso hearts age has robbed of impetuous fire, though giving in ■ exchange perhaps a more generous depth of emotiou. No ; something in your manner when you left my room prompted me to ask myself .Whether I had not possibly impressed an element of^finslity upon my words, which it was far from my purpose to imply. You have affected me very agreeably. Mr. Dormsen, in the few times we have met. but I could not do otherwise than at least uffict indifference to yonr propoaals, until I «niM learn that my daughter. Clara, should regard tbe matter with at least not disfavour, and that in a more worldly point of view the consummation of such an engagement would be likely in all respects tc secure her faturc happiness; and her happiness. Mr. Dormsen, I do not need to remind you. is all I Lave to live for." " Thou am 1 to gather from wbatyon aaynow tome, .Mr. Mowbray, that since I left this room you have satisfied youreelf upon these two points 7" ■‘ A—well—not—I should say—well yes, vir tually, Mr. Dormsen, virtually. I should not “Yon roost forgive my interrupting yon, Mr. Mowbray, to say that wbat I have requested of mui is vour permission to ask Miss Mowbray to i.o my Wife. I do not wish anyone to plead my cause with her or to briDg any iulluenoo to bear upon her." There was a very conscious distrust of tbe elder geptltman in his mind, which prompted tlusciiggestion. And tho limitation which it put to his own action brought athfobofdis !/«s« to Mr. Mowbray. Suppose, (Mans, left to herself, should decline this offer, where would }i« hf t However, there was nothing left now but to accept tbe situation as it was offered to him, and hs bowed with some degree of offended majesty a* he went on, ’’ 1 was about to say, ■when you interrupted me and, as yon will see, ■without cause. Mr. Dormsen, that I shonld not bare ri-oalled yon but for the fear which pressed upon me that you might have interpreted my words loo hatahly, and might bo suffering from di-sppuiotment. Unhappily for ons in this rather selfish age," he continued in a teme of pointed and melancholy rebuke, " I am »o sensi tively constituted that any suffering or pain which I can relieve compels my instant oars and attention. At the risk, therefore, of being thought by you even whimsical and of changeful pnrpce», I could not rest without sending for you to-night, Tind informing you that there is no longer any objcetiononmyparttoyonr addressing my daughter. The rest, of course, must lie with her.” How could Dormsen do otherwise than exprcaa in grateful thanks something of the joyous relief be felt, or when he went to his room do otherwise Than ne awake half the night contemplating the morrowf Tho issn* did not justify the father* agitation in view of a still possible disaster, Mid he probably never came quite so near loving his daughter as when she came to him on the follow ing day with happy face and heart of gladness, nnd he knew that nil was well. Ho had a glow of .satisfaction in well-doing, the like of which bad 'been long an unknown sensation. As Mr, Bur dick had predicted he “ felt good " And he continued to “ ticl good." He continuad to “fro] good" to this day It is not In hia natur*, indeed, to feel othenvi-e while life last®, while be i.ip. Wbat be h-s and bis inmgii’»ti'd> remains of enffic.'-M Ftrei'gih to crown bis temple with v or-, shipofrs JIow it will lie in th« next w,>rid Into ■which John Woolsey Mowbray’s soul will go jjgkcd iritiwat tbe pvf get vlwol tho worshippers it does not become t tic Minplc chronicler to hazard a conjecture. AVc may bo sure, however, that by a well guarded provision of his will and testament, the monument to be here after crooted to hi* otrthly retunins will contain an inscription which will comfort his disciples to the last generation, and forever present to their ripo imaginations a pictnreof tlifir idol fixatingcn golden clouds, and nlwayfl “feeling good," Strict truth, however, compos mo to slato that ho felt best when, on tho first of the following month, he realised that a very handsome autn hud been paid into Thorndon anti S >n, bankers, on Ida account, that his maturing hills had been promptly mot, and that he was considerably richer than lie ever had been before. He also “felt good/*, very good, when he transferred his balance to another houee. Ue “ fell good ’’ when ho gavo his daughter a very handsome wedding, and when ho read the accounts of it afterwards in the morn ing papers. These nro tho things which go to mako np tho charm of life, over which ono can think long and dcliciouily, which arc delightful in anticipation, delightful in tho moment of action, and delightful in retrospect—to Borne people. As for Percy Thorndon, ho received, as La “driftod along back towards Paris," a letter from Mr. Burdick, which held not only a very great finrprise for him, but offered no temptation to drift buck to Home again. A note from Miss Mowbray bed already reached him, not thoso few impulsive lines, written under tho first stress of her indigna tion, bat a more reasonable, prudent, and more calmly penned answer to his earnest plea for a better understanding. But Clara Mowbray was ns frank as ho hud begged her to be, and there was nothing left for him to do but to keep on towards ■ England. Then carno this communication from Mr Bur dick, which I give nearly irrbathi, making no apology for its length, and only wishing I could also reproduce the chirography. “My dear Thorndon," it began, “ I hope you aro j not still looking for Marconti, because you arc j not likely to find him. lie has gone, I think, where, from all accounts, even these ridiculous Roman aqueducts would bo popular, I want to finish with him first and have done with him for good and all, so I will tell yon how it happened. Ho went back to Capri. His friends will say that he repented of what he had done and went hack to rescuo Dormsen. I think I know him better than to do him that injustice. Between you nnd mo thero is no need to discuss his motives. Well then, ho went back. lie prowled up to the Tim berio. It was night and moonlight. He got ns far as that little cate, you remember, that I broke open—and standing thero alone with bis own soul ho heard a step, turned round and saw Christopher Durmsen just behind him. It was cnongh to frighten him, wasn’t it? Well it did, It frightened him so that he fell against that littlo gate, which—let me remind you once again—I had happily left rather weak, and down ho went about a thousand foot. So the devil got him at his own price. That doesn’t found nice and polite, does it ? Never miud ! Sometimes I don’t want to bo nico and polite. Bat about Christopher Uormsen's ghost. Ah, my dear Thorndon, I thiuk I hear yon.mutter, * What do I oaro for tho crazy fancies of that wretoh f * But it wasn’t Christopher Dormien’i ghost, as it happens, but Christopher Dormsen himself. Now your disgust turns to mo and yon pay, ‘Thisman has had Dorm?en on the brain for tho past two months, and is the real madman after all.’ Well, all I can say is, if I am wrong about it, Clara Mowbray is going to marry a ghost sometime next summer in London,and you will have a chance to satisfy yourself by the evidence of your own tenses, and I will do you the justice to ear, that I know no man less likely to bo deoeived, when he really sees a thing, than Peroy Thorndon. “No! the man yon and I found looked astonish ingly like Christopher Dormsen—wan ChriBto- j pber Dorrneens twin brother but Was not Christopher Dnrsmen. lie deceived Marconti un fortunately, but tint was not &o; very remarkable because Marconti had not seen the otner often. He deceived us, probably becauso we only saw* him in that dying condition and were predisposed to believe it was tho man wo knew, though I am not at all prepared to say that we could have told them apart, if we had seen ih<*tu bsth alive and well. Just as tingalar mistakes as that have happened before. “ Really the most romarkablo thing about it all is, that we none of ns know that Dormsen had a brother. It was just one of tluHO stranga chances that do occur (and yet are so strange that we call them miraculous), that there had been no occasion for Dormsen to mention that fact. When I spoke to him of this, ho thought that of coureo ho had mentioned his brother, out in trnth he had not to any one of us. They had bren in Rome together, nnd then separated to meet again later, but I will tell you all the details when I seo you in London. I am not good at writing letters, and this is a longer one than I ever remember writing in my life before. I “There is one thing more, though, that I ought to say more about. Miss Mowbray and Dormsen are, as is veryright and proper, engaged to be mar- i riud, and are as happy a pair of simple lovers os | you would care to see. I know you will be as , glad of it as I am, especially sinoe (I mention j this because you caro so much for theso things » over here) he is tip-top socially, and haa money enough to give her a new gown every day in the year if the wants it, bo the old gentleman can squander hb wealth in silver mine?, or tho New York Stock Exchange, if he chooses to, without huraug her in the least, “ Durmsen is writing you himself to thank you for what you did for his brother, but ho is not likely, under tho circumstances, to mention this other matter, bo I have. Ho is a rather sensitive fellow, by the way—and—well—see here 1—it will do him a lot of good if you will par, whon you answer hia letter, that you have heard of his engagement, and you very heartily and sincerely congratulate him. I kuow you’ll do it gladly, though you'll abuse me for interfering again ; bnt then again, you see, I know you wouldn’t bo likely to do it if 1 didn't mention it, because it naturally wouldn’t occur to you. And then I know your hoarfc isn't breaking.” Ah a matter of fact Percy Thorndon becamo en gaged the next 6tu-on to a laJy who hud been heard to decLte—1to an intimate lady friend of course—that the only inarrh d lifo which seemed to her to be in any way tolerable, would be ono where the husband and wife should require a fresh' introduction to each other every morning. Wo may assume, therefore, I think, that fate— or impudent intermeddling—had for once r* suited in making four young hearts happy, inti Lead of leaving two to misery. • j nest* man. you Imvu been r<n»i:i» my bn.iio a hr.'-: every night during the wln»!i* winter. and n.nr nil at once you become co»d, and hardly »*pi*:ik t<* my daughter. \Vhut doe? all this mean!' Explain your self !’’ The young inau hesitated, and finally said in a ecAred sort of way: “ I—1 came to your hmi.-e during the winter, because-” ** Young man. if pm Jove my daughter, mine out und :ay so." “ I came because —because 1 had no stove in my room; nnd 1 wanted to get warm." *’ You can just go to—to where it is licit without a stove,” and the young man picked him self up out on the sidewalk. The Fashion in Jokes.—The plumber joke i? get ting a little out of seat-on. hut it may be packed in camphor and will be m style when the freezes coma again. The roller skate joke is very popular and is worn oil nil occasions, either with or without trim ming. The rich editor joke does not appear to pMl upon the taste. It is quite becoming when worn with passementerie edging. Spring poetry jokes aro undergoing a revival nnd ate quite the au fait in recherche circles. With a waste basket overskirt may bo worn either morning or evening in the house. The y on ng-nuui-aud-girl's* pa joke holds its own, nnd is really one of the most popular and fashionable seen in polite society. The mule joke ia relegated to the commoner classes, and may really bo called “uld fashioned.” It is stiil in favour in the rural districts, and seems destined to continue so for several years. The very-angry-wife-at-threeVdock in-the morning joke is not in Mich favour a? formerly, but still many insist upon making it part of their daily wear. The" liver pad joke ban almost tlit appeared. Occasionally, however, it may be Been tied in with a knot of ribbon quite prettily. Tho honest jiolitician joke is too deeolitta to bo popular. If cut. high in the neck it might reign for a brief season. The sleeping policeman joke had many friends and bade fair to become courtly in its style, but it lacked tone and fell into line with ordinary styles. Puns are jmpular with all classes. Tiny may ho worn as bangle*, and in an infinite variety of wavs. The boarding-kouso pie, hash or gum shoe steak joke enjoys a periodica! renaissance and seems to retain its original lustre. When made up properly it is still n favourite. The young-husband-paregoric joko may be worn ou evening oce. is inn-, and u not altogether out of style. The fashions mother lines rontiuuo about tho tm mo n? per last report. Of coqrscpvith new demands come new supplies, and though there is nothing entirely [ ncw, the old tlnugs.aro so artistically worked over that they pass quite readily for original design*.— Merchant Traveller. > * 