THE MERCURY. HOBART: THURSDAY, NOV. 3, 189S. EPITOME OF NEWS. Rev. Samuel B. Fooks died yesterday. Much regret expressed. The Densem entertainment will be re- peated at the Theatre Royal this evening. Man named John Hill stabbed in Market street last evening. Members of the Bechab Lodge, No. 15, T.C., meet this evening at 7.30 for despatch of business. Missionary meeting at St John's, New Town, to-morrow evening. Rev. R. Stewart (ives an aadress. Explosion at Bond's brass foundry, Laun- ceston, yesterday. Too clever emrinoer tried to make boiler out of oildium. Result-one lad's leg broken, four others maimed. Robert Gleisberg, convicted at the last Criminal Sittings for being accessory after the fact of a case of larceny, has been liber- ated on a writ of error. Death of the miner killed on WeBtern mine attributed to faulty construction of cleats, and men at work sending down timber blamed for not reporting the same to manager. \- I Judfce Boucaut returns to South Australia in February next. New South Wales railway revenue Bhows . Budden and atartling decrease. Sir Thomas Mcilwraith ordered to leave Brisbane for Upper India for change of air. Intercolonial Stock Conference at Wel- lington has concluded itB sittings. The two overdue Atlantic liners have arrived safely in port. Unemployed in London parade daily in melancholy procession. Unemployed Jews in London organising a three days' bare-footed parade. ' London city men heartily approve of Broken Hill judicial sentences. Use of Sydney Town Hall for indignation meeting re Broken Hill sentences refused. Heavy wagering in United States in favour of Harrison for the Presidential election. Hamburg has been officially declared free from cholera. Twenty-five worshippers trampled to death during a panic in an Austrian church. Increase of bank rate of discount to 4 per cent, is anticipated. Ameer of Afghanistan »till shilly-shallying over projected conference with General Roberts. Agent-General of Victoria still urging claims of that colony to the right of free silver coinage. Man named Alexander Scott arrestad in | New Zealand for poisoning an English bar- rister named Thompson. Another society scandal. One officer's wife accuses another of theft. Morning Poll fined for too prcsipitate comment i Tragedy in a police barracks. Two police- men, a woman, and child killed by a con- I Btable, who then suicided. Seventh smel'er now working full time on the Proprietary mine, Broken Hill. The eighth will be started on Saturday. The Rothschilds again decline to touch the Russian loan, an the ground of continued ill treatment of the Jews. Scotch Southern express train, from Edin- burgh to London, collided and took file at I Thirsk. Many lives lost. Second reading of Federal Council Bill moved in South Australian Legislative Coun- cil yesterday. Bishop Dunn, of Wilcannia, advises, in tbe interests of prudence and humanity, that the Broken Hill strike should be declared off. President Harrison concurs with the British Government that sale of arma and spirits to natives of the Pacific islands shall be prohibited. In the Ailesbury gambling case the Court has given judgment for defendant with costs, it being held that the noble marquis knew bis victim was drunk »ben he got a cheque from him for £1,000. IN the Legislative Council yesterday, Mr. GELLIBRAND presented a petition from residents of New Norfolk praying for the continuance of technical education in the district. The Devonport Corporation Bill »vas read a third time. The Church of England Constitution Bill was further considered in committee, reported with amendment, and ordered for third read- ing next day. The Conveyancing Law Amendment Bill was read a second time, committed, nnd re- ported with amendment, which was ord red for consideration next day. MoBvages were received from the Assembly returning the Rural Municipalities Act Amendment Bill with the amendments agreed to, and transmitting for concurrence the Land Tax Act Amendment, Supplementary Ap- propriation Bill, and a Bill to Permit Autho- rised Syndicates to Borrow Money and Sell or Assign their Properties. The new bills were read a first time, and ordered for second reading on Tuesday next. The Council adjourned at 5.57 p.m. until next day. _ - IN the House of Assembly yesterday, . Petitions were presonted, objecting to the stoppage of the Now Norfolk Technical School, and in reference to the racent pro- tectionist meeting at tbe Hobart Town Hall. 'The Council's amendments in the Rural Municipalities Act Amendment Bill were Agreed to. The amendment in the Governor's Salary Reduction Bill was re-considered in com- mittee, but members insisted on keopu.c the salary at £3,000, as'fixed on the previous evening. The bill then passed all other stages. The Land Tax Act Amendment Bill was further considered in committee, and passed all other atases. The report of the Printing Committee waa brought up and udopted. The Dovonport Corporation Bill was re- ceived from the Council and read a first time. The PKEMIEII moved the Bccond reodine of the bill providing for the reduction of salaries payable to Ministers and members of Parliament, and the amount payable to University. Debate ad joui ned. The House adjourned at 11.20 p.m. THE Assembly has suddenly developed a wonderfully frugal mind. The re- action against the free and easy pro- ceedings of the last few years is very marked, so much so that it would I seem that members are conscious that they are guilty of some of the faults which the ex-TitEASUKER laid at their doors. They appear to admit that they went with bim on the gigantic minis- terial spree, and now feel thao they were wrong, and mußt malee amends. ,S«ch reactions,'which are as common in public as in private life, generally go too far, for the'business of suffering a recovery is m unpleasant as to cause the sufferer to "swear off" in a manner which he finds it hard to maintain for any considerable length of time. One example of the depth of the repentance is to the reduction« of the GOVERNOR'S salary on Tuesday^ last to ,£3,000, in place of £4,OpO'*s proposed by the [ireserrt Mipistry,, and~~£345O0 as the ate Ministry'proposed. \Thfi present Ministry thought that a "Governor could not well keep np his stat« on less than £4,000 a* year, which «am was leached, v consideration 'ôf-^what a '(jrövernor^iB expected to do. 'HereinJies the,whole point of the case."- Tbe value of a salary depends, of courte, upon the demands which it has to meet, whilst those demands, in turn, de- pend upon what we may call the official etiquette of the colony. It is tolerably Mell known that the large salaries paid in Victoria and Ne« South "Wales leave little, if any- thing, in the shape of savings to the j recipients of them, because the un- ' written law of etiquette requires that I they shall give very expensive enter- ' tainments, and incur a great deal of what may be called outside expendí- I 'ture. It will bo remembered, no doubt, that Lady MUHJIKVE, the wife of an ex- Governor of Queensland, on a dispute arising showed her accounts to a Minister, which accounts proved that more had been spent than had been received. Now, it is evident at the merest glance that a Governor who receives1" £10,000 a 3 ear, or even £5,000, eau quite well live within his salary provided th.it lie is allowed to do so. The question is, will he be allowed so to do ? For our own part, we should say that the Lords and other persons who are sent to these colonies as Governors do not derive any great pleastue fiom the receptions of local celebrities, nor are they, we think, much delighted with what is called fashionable society in these colonies. Sucli society, even in Great Britain and on the Continent of Europe, is not famous for being very wise or very witty, whilst in these colonies it is not alwaj's very well behaved. Receptions, for the most part, are the abomination of deso- lation. They bore those who give and those who receive. They are in the nature of shams everywhere, and the amusing part of the busi- ness is, that all concerned in the function know it. This being the case, the colonies might very well con- sider whether it would not be better to abolish these and other vice-regal troubles altogether, by which act a great deal of good would be done in several directions. A real Court, such as Courts now are, is not a very edifying or profitable thing, but an imitation Court can be but a nuisance and food for satire. We venture to say that if all the expensive vice- regal entertainments were swept away at once no one would care a penny piece, whilst many a family'would be saved useless expenses into which they aie now forced in order to preserve their position in society. And this opens up another con- sideration, which does not so much affect us here as it does a certain class in :the other colonies, we mean the extravagance in di ess which has become sp'common. Both in Victoria and New'Sô'iîth Wales we have heard loud andjdeep complaints of the use- less expense that has to been incurred Bolely for the purpose of attending these vice-regal entertainments, as they are called. - It is to be noticed that the running is made, not by the people who have a real position in virtue of their employment or their attainments, but by what "we may call the Milgar wealthy, the wives of those who have made money, without, at times, much 1 care as to how it was to t be made. How far the society of Melbourne and New South Wales has been affected banefully by th¡6 absurd competition îB'outward show.especially amongst those who have few or no out- ward graces to carry it off, would be hard to tell, but we can see, plainly enough, that people in the other colonies have been going a great deal too fast. The worst part of the busi- ness is, that many worthy people, whose positions compel them to attend these receptions, are put to expense which they cannot afford, because they are compelled to dress themselves and their daughters in a style beyond their means. To such an extent has this di ess mania been cariied that we have seen public reproach cast upon a number of respectable people because they kept to the style of chess which they could affoid, and did not strive to equal thewives and daughters of rich tradesmen and wealthy contractors The sooner, therefore, a thorough reform is made in this absurd, and costly business, the better will 'it be for all the colonies, hut especially for the very best class in tríese colonies. If we could hope3 that the sweeping reduction maäej.iu the salary of the Governor of Tasmania would lead to such a reform 'as'this, we should be proud to think that the'colony had set so good an example. "We aie a/raid, however, that /the -same snobbish feeling wrhich caused a capable man to be refused in Queensland will still prevail, so that we may expect the larger colonies 'to, keep up what they call their state, and continue to play at a sort of Bham royalty, which has all its attendant expenses of the real and few or none of its graces In Tas- mania, in any case, if the salary re- mains as now fixed, it must bo clearly understood that a Governor is not "-ex- pected to lead the fashion OK to keep u'p idle ceiemonies. He must'be free ,to' cloushefindsbest. Ifthis is understood, there does not appear to be .any reason why we should not get p,' very good and capable man for "the £3,000 a year, especially iff we aTe willing to accept a military man, who might do a very -large amount of most useful wbrk. We do not suppose that iheie would be any objection to-his oc- casional absences from Hhe colony on professional business, as ''they could easily be arranged for, whilst the advice that he would be able to give ^uld be of the utmost' value. This seems to be a way, in, which a great reform might be made. Let tis have ^useful in the place of ornamental Governors. Let us have, men of eminence in practical work, whether military or otherwise, and we shall gain a thousand times more than by the continuance of a sham Court, which only occasions trouble, jealousy, and expense, and does no good to a solitary individual. 1 '" v HorsEKLEi'Eitb, both British'»ed Colonial, are continually harassed by the domestic Bervant problem, wbloh, it most b» (ad- mitted, seems as far offJ solution as ever. Complaints and snggesqms are perpetually finding their way into the d-iUjf Bc«M,^but to no purpoj«. The donjcatloJsSior mafkatf, generally speaking, is in as unsatisfactory a »tate,is it has been for. ysars past. Readers of Dickens and Thackeray bar» been intro- duced to domestics of "a ^greal variety of character,', from Mrc. Todgtr's 'Tajnerostio' Major Pendennis' ¿man Morgan,'and one lesson may i be/learned-¿hat the domestic servant of ñ-Üttí- ii'tt mvch a compound of human f^ult'and virtue se her representa- tive in" fact. It would ne hard to con- jecture how the good pointe of the gentle Peggotty would Jisvc developed undei the domination of Miss Bras«, or what turu Mr.."1 Bailey's BporÜng proclivities nould liavc^taken had he been employed by Mr. Murdstone, One tiling is certain, and that is, the employers of the novelists exerted a great inlluonce over their servants iii one way or another. The domestic is not un a utc matoo-some distressed housewife would perhaps wish the w as, but she is not. If the Hall-mark of the Fall is stamped up-in the Ecrvant, it is co less in- delible in her mistress. Many of the latter, without thought, no doubt, probe into the anti ctdents ot private affairs of the servant or her relativ c8 nilli a curiosity which would receive a violent check Mere the yucstiors reversed. Too often inquiries'«re courted or xolun'ecred perhaps, bijt.there | must bo in some cuses «¡copiions. A censi live and ha-d-woilcing girl Mould have anything but a touy time with a coarse i'uorantmistre»B,snd there arc some Mich to be found up and down the world. On the other hand, a delicate and childish mistress, such as Dora was, may have the ill-luck to employ a " Parason." From the myriad families of the professional and hading classes where the anomalous " geooral " is kept, from the boarding-house, from the school, from these the cry for servants come like the croak of the frogs for rain. The supply is falling off.-and wnat labour is in the market is of an inferior kind. In many a churchyard in England are to be seen epitaphs extolling such and such a servant who »as employed for 20,30, 40, and even SO years in one family. Need loss to say such cases are rare, but speak volumes for the relations existing between employer and emplojcd in the Old Country. The sharp social distinction which in most cases may be neces- sary-drawn between tho household and the servants accounts in some way, perhaps, for the reluctance of well-train dand intelli- gent girls to go to service. Individually mist of the girls employed in English and colonial factories and' workrooms would be far better off in norvic», but nene know better than they how many mouths are de- pendent upon their earnings. There is al« ays more ready money to handle wiien it is drawn from other than domestic work. The "sobbing deputation" which waited upon the Victorian Minister of Defence may have had good reason for their distress, for going to service would mean to some of them the disband ment of the home circle, a catastrophe to which Mr. Gladstone himself attaches great importance, for on its being preserved intaot be places the uuity and strength of the nation. Till: gubernatorial office ia somewhat at a discount in the minds of a good many mem- bers of the Assembly, cither in its official or its ornamental capacity. Several gentle- men, when the question of the salaries of future Governors was ag»in the eubj ot of debate last nigh, did not hesitate to say that the colony could do very well without auch an official for a year or two, being content with the services of a capable ad- ministrator like Sir Lambert Dobson, and also that if a Governor wire appointed, the functions of public entert liner urght very «ell;be left out of the schedule of his d'Hits. The matter was lather compli- cated by tho rumour that members in an- other place, or a member iu another place, hail threatened that the bill should be thrown out there if the sum, £3,000 wau left iu the schedule, in which case, of course, lhere would imvo been no reduction in the salary at all.' The Ireaturtr, who had «Jioken very "liitle . urged that a fair sum should be voted, leBt they might find themselves saddled with a titled fnol with plenty of money, who only wanted the appoint- ment as a Btepping-Btone to something better, and did not care how muuh he paid to make himself popular in it, instead of the gentle- man of high moral character whom it W«B desirable to have at the head of their soc'al [ life. The Premier backed this with the i opinion of the Home author ties that the reduction would be inadvisable at the presout time, and these views were evidently not without their effect, though when it -carne 'to be_ a question of what the opinion of London money lenders would be if they did cut the salary I down, the idea was received with a shout of derision from all parts of the House. The evening was spent in again discussing the matter from every point of the argumenta- tive compass, member; refuued to go back upon their decision of the previous, evening, and tho salary waa left at £3,000. ROAD TIÍÜST matters, to be satisfactorily conducted, certainly require that the rate- payers should attend the meetings to take their proper share in the business of the district, but in order that they should be in a position to do this it is also requisite that the times and pbces of holding the meetings should be given full publioity to. Accord- ing to a letter published in our columns u day or two Bince this was not done in the eise of (the formation of the Tunnack Trust, the 'Duly notification being that contained in tho Qovtrmnent Gazette, a publication which, ¡ti is hardly necessary to state, would be seen by very few of the strangling residents of the rural district of Tunnack. It seems veJry olear that furtl er publioity should have been given through the newspapers of the day, and that in that thÎB was not done the sufferers thereby have a decided griev- ance of their i wn. Tar gre ver thun thiB neglect, however, is the fact that a majority of the Tunoak Trust have been able to locate its business centre at the Town Hall,-, Oatlands, instead of a place within tbe dis- trict HFPIF, and that an Oatlands resident has been appointed secretary and collector instead of a Tunnack resident, as the rate- payers desired, the latter Btep being taken without publicity of any kind what- ever. The whole of the proceedings appear, indeed, to want rev'sion, and it is under- stood that steps will shortly be taken, in connection with the election of a new mern ber, to have the direotion of affairs located in Tunnack itself. A vacare j has occurred so soon in the history of the Trust through the resignation of Mr. Headlam, who took that step to show his disapproval of the hole-and-oornor way in which be considered-, the whole thing had been done. That act in itself speaks volumes in regard to the way in which the Trust was formed and consti- tute d. According to all the simplest prin- ciples of local government, if it is the affairs of the Tunnack people that have to be managed by the Trust, it is the Tunnack people who should certainly be allowed opportunity to have a fair say in it. THE bon. member for Westbury made a alight attempt last night to show that he was a trne prophet. He declared that he bad always spoken against and resisted reckless expenditure, and borrowing money without making a proper provision for ita repayment. Now, aaid the hon. member, the very state of things which he had pre- dicted had come about. This Ia hardly a correct statement It ia true that the hon. member did predict some six yean ago the lin of the colony, and even fixed the month which the ruin w as to fairly begin. AB ^happened, the colony from that date ateadily increased in prosperity, and the hon. member proceeded to give hil support' to a Ministry which made use of that pros- perity to run a career of extravagance, which would have even been worse than it waa but for the determined action of the Opposition. All this time the bon. member was a faithful n.pporter of the Ministry, even giving it his casting vote as Speaker Now, he begins to prophesy again, that ia, after the event, and Wishes UB to believe that he foresaw what hat happened. Jf so, he had, on his onn-showing, no possible right to Biipport the lato Ministry. But the prophecy now made, based on the present state of affairs, which he did not predict or hil;) to prrvent, relates to the future, nnd t tbore is very good reason to believe that he will be wrong again having, as before, been Glied with the spirit of prophecy too late in the day. _ ,^ ^ By a new clause H hieb the Government have inserted in their Customs Dut'es Bill they provide that «hilo they thi twelves, to get revenue, put their hands into the pockets of every consumer in the colomy, they decline to allow individuals to pat the r banc's into one another's pockets ns the rcBult of the saino sot of circumstances. This is the plain effect of the much-dcbatid section pro vid ¡ne, for prices of goods con- tracted for before the alterations in the tariffs being raised or lowered according ns the tariff has treated them. A good deni of opposition was raised on bohalf of certain particular contracts, which some members had in their minds, like that of the Hobart Gas Company and the Corporation, and in respect to which theie members thought lhere would be hardships, but the Premier insisted that even in these instances the consumer would be the person ultimately affected, as the Government intended he should be. Eventually some of the op- ponents of the clause consented to take it with a proviso which Mr. Clark said he would draft for them, and the Treasurer accepting this aolution of the difficulty, a further postponement waa agreed to. THOSE BLACKWOOD Loos-Further in- formation has been received by the Govern- ment from the Agent-General in regard to the blackwood logs whioh have been so long lying on the Launceston wharf, waiting shipment to London for use in fitting up the Imperial Institute. The propor dimensions of the timbers reqnirrd is cow known, but even thns the difficulty in getting freight ¡B as great as «ver, no vessel being apparently available for some time to come. The Secretary of the local branch of the Institute would no doubt be very glad to obtain in- formation which would telievc him from his present quandary, as no time should be wasted in getting the wood uway if it is to be used for the purposes for which it was s dected. i NEW NORFOLK TECHNICAL SCHOOL -The people of New Norfolk are up in arina against the contemplated closing of thtir technical school, which has been carried on with so much Euccess by Mr. H. A. Proctor. Yesterday the member for the district, Mr. Leatham, presented a petition to the House of ABBombly, signed by «2 reBideotB, setting forth reasons why the school ehould not be closed, and asking the House to take thom into their favourable consideration. The petition pointed out that there were at pre- sent 52 students receiving instruction in various branches of technical education in connection with the school, and that the attendance would compare very favourably in point of numbers with either tho I aun cestón or Hobart schools, «iii o 29 of the students who went up for examination last year were reported to have passed satisfac- torily. Mr. Fred. A. Campbell, C E, director of the Working Men'' College, Missouri», hsd spoken highly ot the school, .sind the expense to the Government for carrying-K on waa trifling when oompired with the cost incurred in carrying on similur institutions in other -parts of the colony, in- cluding Hobart and Launceston. Under these circumstances, and considering the good it' was doing, the petitioners think an t0ort should be made to keep the school open for the benefit of the rising generation. STATE SCHOOL APPOINTMENTS -Some im portant changes having been decided on in connection with one or two of the country schools, it was thought desirable to avoid unnecessary delays, and accordingly it has been arranged, with the sanction of the Minister of Education, that the original and consequential changes should all take effect at the same time, and thus meet the conve- nience of the teachers concerned, and also the interests of the schools. After consider- ation of the claims of all teachers entitled to promotion, the Minister has approved of the following appointments, to take effect from the 1st inst., the schools named being closed for one week to enable the new teachers to take up their positions :-Stanley, Mr. aud Mrs. John Scott, transferred from St. Mary's; Fingal, Mr. and Mrs. Perry, from Ringarooma ; St. Mary's, Mr. H and Miss Smith, from Mangana ; East Devonport, Mr. D. M. Davis, from Stanley; Mangana, Mr. and Mrs. Crawford, from White Hills ; Brookhead, Mr. W. Scott ; Ringarooma, Mr. and Mrs. Abel; White Hills, Miss Lord, from North Motton ; Black River, Mrs. Mould, from Stanley ; Irish Town, Duck River, Mr, Owen, from Black River; North Motton, Mr. H. Cranswick, from Model School ; Jacob's Boat Harbour, Mr. Conroy, from St. Michael's ; St. Michael's, Miss Welbourn ; Falmouth, Miss Coates. SOME ADDITIONS TO TUE AKT GALLERY. The Curator of the Hobart Museum and ' Art Gallery haB just received, upon loan from Mr. J. H. B, Walch, seven photo- graphs of Scriptural works in tcira cotta, by George Tinworth, which are most valuable additions to the gallery, affording the public an opportunity of realising, as far as photu grapbs can do, what beauty of art there is m the original works of the creator of the designs, which probably very few will ever have afforded them an opportunity of seeing, All, or nearly all, the works of Tinworth aro Bib Heal subjects, und have become famouBfor the thoroughly realiBtic manner in whioh they have been treated by the artist. In all cases the expressions upon tho fuccs of the figures, with the attitudes and positions, are extremely b auliful, their lift-like svnibl.inces being quite startling. In the panel of B&rubbasthe; grouping ia excellently well set out, and thefaoial expressions of Barabba» and the Christ form BO strone a contrast us to become after the first glance absolute studies in themselves. In the panel of "Waiting for the Head of John the Baptist," a tragic picture ia presented. The figure of Herod bent over the table in his great remorse after his god- less oath, his face buried in his arme, gives to the observer all that could well be offered in the way of animation aud expreseion«Morm. In the other panels the same oafétul treatment of subjects, which only the efforts of a g'eniuB such us George Tinworth could portray.''!« noticeable. The Scriptural stories assume á( higher form by the étudies of such works,- and the great morals and teachings presented in the simple language of the Old Writers -arejiiore for- cibly represented by the vivid realisation of whit has been intended than the actual writings themselves. THE "STKAKD MAGAZINE "-From Messrs. J. Walch and Sons we havo reoeived the new number of the Strand Magazine, the circulation of which hue gone np *' hy leaps and bounds," till now it is reckoucd by the hundred thousand. The special feature of tho present number is " Queen yictoria's Dolls," giving an account, with illustrations, of the hundred dolls dressed by the Queen herself when a child, and etü^presened. The com- mendable feature in this m agi zinc is, that it -never oontains any serial stones running on from-month 'to month, but e.ch monthly issue is quite'complete in itself, making it just the msgazine for travellers. ROBOB-Prominent among trade ad- vertisements of late, and tantalising in its solitary simplicity, has appeared the word ''Kobur." What is it? Who ia it! Where is it? have been the queries, and people have read it and queried again, and yet afcain, until curiosity raised to the highest pitch of endurance das demanded a key to the enigma. It is given to-day in our adver tising columns, ard"Robur"referatoa very excellent, indeed saner-excellent Ceylon tea, of which Messrs. J. E. Cottier and Co., of Liverpool-street, have received their first shipment, and wbiob is likely, within a very brief period, to supersede the majority of the many fanciful brands and doubtful blends of-jChintse tea now flooding the market. The trade in Chinese tea has advanced during the last fow years with prodigious leaps and bounds. In 1878 the export only amounted to 3,G'51b. ¡ in 1887 ii had increased to 12,073,8861b,; last year it exceeded 20,000,0001b., and the onward march ia still progressing. The secret of this success is that Ceylon tea is admitted^ tbe finest the world can produce. It bat'aD the stimulative and restorative qualifias which hygienio authorities sjattA-os^swljr found in the best grown sasl sswot oaMally packed teas; it comesttvÁo'«bAtnfflenonly after undergoing the ixtest and liest system of dryi> g and roasting, end is vended at prices whioh suit alLtautes'and requirement. The connoisseur may get the " golden tops " at two guineas the pounds tbe economical housekeeper oan get the same quantity of a good, reliable article at aighttenpenoe. MELBOURNE CUP TEOPar.-These inter- ested in the Melbourne Cup-and their name is legion-will find on the front-pSfex* tbe Sportsman for tho current week an engrtVrln|f of this trophy as supplied by Messrs. W. Drummond and Co., of Collinsetreet. It is evidently a splendid piece of work, very typi- cal, and well worthy in every respect, of the gi ont raring event it commemorates. Messrs. J. Walch and Sons are agents for the Sportman. ' À POINT or LAW.- The error in Harri* ata Mulcahy occurred in the caso stated by the Zeehan Justices, from which tho Chief I Justice took the frets for his judgment. I JUDGMENT IN ArrcAL.-Mr. W. Tarleton, I P.M., give judgment jesterday in theappoal I ease of Dr. Harry Benjafield agninst the | Mouut Stuait Town Board. Mr. '1'urlcton j st«ted that he had held a consultation with ¡ i he Cro»vn law Offic-rs, and had fully con- tacted the working of the Town Boards Acts since the ca«e was before tho Court on the occasion when the appeal was made The opin'nn of the Law Officers of tho Crown coincided nith that he h»d nlroady givrtn expression to, namely, that thu Coût had no actual power to reduce the an nul assessment value of property. The appeal of Ir. li-.n j ifield might be brought btfura a sapirior Court, as ngiinat the capital value under the Assessment Act of 18i7. lhere was no option of the present Court but to dismiss the appeal, it being ultra vires to bo enttrtuined. 'J he Act itself rcqu-rcd some amendment, he considered, became, as waa the case in the present instance, some hard- ship might bB inflicted by the fixing of the aapital value only to he uptet by a Supreme Court deci«i-n. JUDOMEKT SUMMOM.ES. - Mr. Commis s'oner Tarleton dealt with the following judgment summonses yesterday ¡-Propsting and Anr. v. C. Guesdon, claim £119«. 6u. The defendant in this case did not appear, and an order was usuel cilling upon him to show cause why he should not be fined for non-attendance. Mr. W. B. Propsting ap- peared for the judgment creditors. Foster v. Muson, claim £2 &. 7<1., order made for 3a. per week. Risby and Anr v. Mitchell, cliim £4 leis. 2d. Order made for the pay- ment of 20s. on Monday next, and the bilanoo in monthly instalments of 10s. each, Roberts and Anr v. Daw-Bon, claim i'6 Is. 6d. Order made for payment ot 20«. per month, with the eo-ts of the execution. Pierce v. Gillon, claim £11 Is. 6d. Order made for the pajment of 2«. Gd. per week Jordan v. Brown, olaim £1 Is. The defend »nt did not appear, and an oreler was issued calling upon him to show cauto why lie should not be fined. Milla ». Costain, claim £4 2s. Cd. Order made as in the previous on Be. Finlay », Gitbone, claim £1 12a. Order mad« for 4». per week, the first payment to bo made on Monday mott. Cleary v. Kennedy. In this cate defendant was fined 20s. for contempt of Court, he having omitted to appear. There were several other cases upon the litt, some of which were with- drawn, and others settled out of court. CITY POLICE COURT.-Mr, W. Tarleton, P.M., and Colonel Bernard, J.P., occupied the bench at the City Police Court yester- day. W. J. Fenner was charged with obtaining goods by false representations from one John Edwards, at Ross, on August 11 last, with intent to defraud, and was remanded to gaol pending escort to Ross to-morrow. The value of the goods was 4s. Thomas W. Summers was fined 20s. 6d. or a month in gaol for disturbing the peace of Warwick-street between 1 and 2 o'clock yesterday morning. Summers, in company with some others, was amusing himself after a fashion peculiar to his class by yelling and shouting to such an extent that respectable residents of the district were unable to sleep, when he was taken in charge by Sub- inspector Connor. Bridget Fox was sent to gaol for two mouths as an idle and dis- orderly person. A charge of stealing a quantity of road metal belonging to the Corporation in the Queen's Domain preferred against Arthur Barker and James Smith was ordered to be dealt with by infor- mation. ASSAULTINO THE POLICE - The frequency with which the City Police have been the »objects of ill-treatment.by ruffiansoi late calls forróme stricter measure than usual b-iog taken with offenders in this respect Yesterday afternoon a lad named Lungfoid was arrested iu Campoell-street for UBiug obscenelanguige. While the constable was taking his prisoner to the stition a brother of Langford came along and struck tho policeman in the face, druwing blood at the time. A tussle took place, and the first Êrisoner was allowed to escape. Frederick langford, who assaulted the policeman, was secured, and after much trouble taken to the station. He will appear before the Court in answer to the churge this morning. STABBING ArntAV.-A man nimed John Hill, alias " Badger," was taken to the hospital last evening suffering from a wound io the back, caused by being stabbed hy a woman named Sneen, who is known by several aliases. It appears that the woman has cohabited with Hill for some time past, but the puir were always e|uarrelling, and between 5 and G o'clock lust night, during a dispute the woman picked up a murderous looking butcher's knifo and stabbed Hill in I the back just above tbe'hip. The wound is about IJin. in extent. Up to the présent no dangerous symptoms have set in. The woman Sheen was arrested Boon after the occurrence and lodged in the lack-up. She I will appear before the Bench this morning. MAKING NIGHT HIDEOUS.-When the average street rowdy indulges in alcoholic ntimulants a little over the average, and wa'kB out by night after the hotels doss, it is dear to his heart to make himself a nuisance to the neighbourhood he may happen to locate himself in, and without regard to the feeling« of the more peace- fully inclined citizens, and seeks by yelling and hooting to create as great a disturbance as possible. Such a case occurred at an oirly hour yesterday morning, when residents of Warw ii k-strcet were an likened by the din raised by one Summers, who collected a small crowd of others and appearod to have got at cross puipossB with them. The lamps were out, but the sky wa» obscured with clouds, and it vas ulmost as dark as any average night when there is no moon. The attention of Sub- inspector Connor was called to the din created by Summers, and he, although having retired to rtst, turned out promptly and took the man in charge. The names of others who were willi him aro known to the police, and it is probable that summonses will be issued against them as a check in icgard to such divturbanoeB. ACCIDENT.-A lamentably Eerious accident occutrod on Sunday morning to a little I girl, the daughter of Mr. Geo. Sjunott, of the 4ugusta-iood, New Town, She was in the kitchen, when by lorne means or other a dish of boiling fat was upset over her face and head, the bums being terrible in their extont and severity, > he has been attended by Dr. Benjafield, but it >B feared the effects of the injury will be ot u permanent character. A COWARDLY ACT.-Last evening a stoue, weighiup. about GJZ., was brought to the police station by a young man residing iu Campbcll-Btrect. The atone wus hurlod through the window of a private house, tearing the curtains in its course, and striking a child, who wus in the room at the time. Tho stone was thrown from the buck of Mi o house at about 10 o'cLok, and the crash start'ed the inmates of the home, who were principilly young children. The act is a most malicious one, and it was evidently committed Ly a cowardly and evilly dbpOBed peisjn. Isci'BATons.-Votaries of the "artificial mother " in the hatching of chickens would b« ioteiested by a visit to Mr. W. Steven- son's yard in Juzaueth- street. Two it.cu batore aro at work, the colunia'-made Hod- dinott and the more improved Hearson. Out of these two machines 300 chickens have been hatohed in a limited number of Bettings, and it is «uprising the luccess attendant when strict attention is paid to the necessary regulation of the incubator. Tile <>oh|ckr appear to thrive quite as well after their release from captivity aB ordinary osea, and grow very rapidly. ^Jt.oi, HOBART HORTICULTURA* SOCIETY.-The annual spring show of^ the Hobart Horti- cultural Society will be,bald in the Exhi- bition-building on the 16th inst. at 3 p.m., uider the patronage,of Hil Excellency the Governor. .Entries received np to 6 pm. on the 14th inatiby.tbs'Asiistant Secretary, Mr. F. B.Poccck. BELLE VUE'BACKS.- The programme of the November nesting of the Belle Vue Racing Club to be told on Saturday, the 26th ¡nat., ia published elsewhere. It con- tain« five éventa, vu, Hurdle Race, Trial SUkes, Pony" (Race, Belle Vue Handicap, Selline Race, Galloway Race. Nominations will ela« on the 16th inst. at 6 p.m. The »weJgHU will be declared on the Slat inat. FAJIBLEM' BICYCLE CLUB.-The entries 'ter the race meeting to be held on the upper crloket ground on Prince of Wales' Hirth:< day closed on Monday last, and are very; numerous. At this meeting the One HÜi Championship of Tasmania will be run,4)3$ aa all the beat riders have entered, ahajpd be worth witnessing. The Garrison Bttld ha« been engaged for the occasion, andjjir? Bates has kindly offered to play tau awnet aolos during the afternoon. TJw AtfBettoaps will be declined on Saturday next.f vertisement referring to the mttthifc wr-prm n io this issue. _ RIVEB1 ÇxcTEsio.vs.-The .¿?¿."Nubeena winmalee an excursion by moublight to Ris- don «q Friefay4reniog,atJ>alf-r>'u8t 7 o'clock, JRiCh the City Baud on Board. Dancing "may bo had on shore.-" The Eame vessel will run to Brown's River on the 9th November next, making four trips. BcWAJia or USXLESS IMITATIONS. - AA foi Kennedys Sim Brand Btaroh Gio», tho laundm» true friend, clvu pearly glow and beautiful Dulah to all itarobed latirlos; nukes old Uses leo* new. I P caen, Bri.: boxea. M. Orseen, Chemina. B. Miller and Co.. Affak) Hobart, TASMANIAN- HALL.-A very pleasing cn tcrtainmont was given list night ut the Tasmanian Hall, lhere was a large atten- dance. The well-known farce, /ci on Park Francais was staged, tho e/Vamníís persona; being as follows : - Major Rattan, Mr. C. Watson; Victor Dub ils, Dr. P. K. O'Brien ; Mr. SSpripgins, Mr. J. All port ; Regulus Rattan, Mr. P. K. Fysh ; Ancolina and Anna Munn, Misros Ellist-n and Solly respectively. The amusing situations wcro well sustained, the force receiving a very fair interpreta- tion. The moiinti-g and sloglng wera very well carried out. J ho force was fo'lowed by a "Shadow p-intoinimc," in which the reputation clo'vn, pantaloon, harlequin, and policeman took pirt. The usual funny business common to the old-fushionod paulomime was gone through, and roars of laughter followed as u natural result. T).m'ng the evening Mr«. W. Lovett, Miss Gibb«, Messrs Vaughan, Al'port, and R°v. K. H. Plant sang at convenient intervals. Mrs. Gibbs acted as accompanist throiuhout tho even- ing. Messt«. F. M. Hurlspcth and O'ßiicn were managers, and to their credit it may be said, not a hitch oocurred throughout the ovenirg, the audience losing no oppor- tunity of tcs'ifying their approval. ExiiiniTiOK-imiLDiKa.-A vocal and in stiumcntul conccrt,under the auspices of the City Bind, was given at the Exhibition building last evening. There was a fair attendance. A gool programme of nine items was carriod out with success. The City Band, «Inch marched through the streets prior to attending the concert, gave several HrstiolusB felection?, the most notice- able nmongst which was " Episodes from a Soldier's Life," which wa* received with great applause. Mr. J. Bellamy and Mr. D. Donovan give several songs, and were well received. The Mirionette entertainment by Mr. Fied Be turnout occupied a'¿onsiderablo portion of ih« programme, and created much | aiiuHimcnt. TheChristy MicstrclsandGrand Italien Fantocinni were exceedingly well msougud, the little figures being worked with cousielcruble skill. The whole e ntcrtainment was of a plcising character, and was bi ought to a conclusion atan early hour. BKSKFIT TO MISS MAY MALVI.NO. - A benefit will be tendered Miss May Malvino at the Temperance Hall on Friday evening next by the members of the Curlew Club, ut which the City Band will also officiate. Tho club h-'S provided a capital programme of fun,the items being of an attractive nature, amongst which may bn mentioned the " skirt dance " of Mrs. Stacey,which,as rendered by her,'is becorring deservedly pop- ilar. Miss May Malvino bus been detained in this city through illness whilst en route for Now Zealand, and has iu consequence been uuabla to fulfil her engagements. GHOSTS -Rev. H, Plant pave a lecture on 'Ghosts" last evening to a good attendance at St. John's Club, Goulburn-street. The rev, lecturer gave several of his own expe- riences of the supernatural, and related an instance of coming in contact with a ghost at Oxford, where he not only heard it, but saw it. Needless to say, he did not catch it. The ghosts principally alluded to were, however, of the genuine old-fashioned sort, with clanking chains, etc. Several of the club members, including Rev. Canon Finnis and the hon. sec, Mr. C. Gruncell, gave in- stances of uncanny occurrences. The latter had a whole budget of Port Arthur ghost stories to tell, most of which were of a very weird and mysterious character. The even ing was pleasantly spent, even though it were an inducement to nightmare among those present. SUNDAY-SCHOOL WOKK.-An address on Sunday-school work will be given thiB even tag at St. David's Schoolroom by Mr. Eugone Stock. All churoh workers are invited. A complete list of tho engagements which have been made for Mr. Eugene Stock and Rev R. W. Stewart during their m'ssion to Hobart in tho cause of foreign missions will be found in our advertising oolumns. In addition to the meeting this evening, a lecture will be given by Mr. Stock to-morrow on Central Africa, when the chair «ill be taken by Sir Lambert Dobson. BELLERIVE SUNDAY SCHOOL.-The exhi- bition in connection with the Bellerive Church of Kurland Sunday-school was con- tinued yesterday afternoon and evening. Theic were good attendancos on both occa- sions. A s lie of plants added considciably to the financial success of the undertaking. The little ones havo been stimulated by their first cifoit to do greater things next time. Mr. Thus, Westbrook, superintendent of the suhool, and Mr. Hedley Westbrook, hon, secretary, with the ladies and gentle- men assisting them, have been rewarded with the success they deserve. MERCANTILE REGATTA. - A committee meeting of the Mercantile Rowing Club waa held last evening ut tbe Ship Hotol. Mr._ C. Johnston in the oha'r. The entries for the forthcoming regatti, which is to be hold ut Beltana on the 9th inst, were received, and from an aquatic point of view gave every satisfaction. The committeo decided to allow the entries for the 10ft. Oin. sailing raco to remain open until Oo'c'ock this evening owing to insufficient entries The following arotheentriisforeaoh race: 28ft. Yachts, 5 ; 21ft. ïachtB, 6 ; Ladies' Purse, 3 ; Pair-oared, 3 ; Junior Sculls, 5 ; Derby Soulls, 10 ; Handicap SCUIIB, 11 ; Muiden Fours, 4; Trial Fours, 4; Swim- ming Boee, poBt entry. Aftor u few mattera in connection with the regatta were dealt with, the meeting closed with a vota of thankB to the chaiiman. AUCIHTIXTÜKAL -Mr. Eldridge, the late Goicrûment Architect, as announced ia our advertising columns, haB commenaed to practice his profession at Miller's Chambers, Murray-street,' Hobart. The large and variod works erected from his designR, to the number of 264 buildings, some of them being tho principal Public Buildings of Tasmania, during his 14J years tenure of office, Bhoultl bo BiiiiU-ieat to warrant his success. We aro requested to draw attontion to tho supvloment to this day's issue, announcing an extraordinary salo by Noel White and Co. of silks, dress goods, etc., at half-price for not cash.-[Advt.] 