GENERAL NEWS. -m ? Prior to their departure from Perth General Sir Oriel and Lady Tanner were entertained by the Premier and Lady For rest at their residence. The following ladies and gentlemen were present at the Mrs. Onslow, General Sir Oriel and Lady Tanner, Sir Jas. and Lady Steere, the Hon. and Mrs. H. W. Venn, Mr. Justice Hens man and Mrs. Heosman, I-r. and Mrs. Waylen, and Mr. and Mrs. F. D. North. Before quitting the ample repast Sir John Forrest said that, although speech-making at social gatherings had gone out of fashion, be trasted he would not be considered as invader of custom if he made a few re marks in reference to their distinguished guest. General Sir Oriel Tanner. The name Tanner wag familiar to all those who had any knowledge of the early days of tbe colony. Their distinguished guest* e father had held large property in Western Aus tralia, and he (Sir John Forrest) ventured to say that if it had been held up to the present time it would bare provided a com petency n-ft only for the General but for all his relatives. He mentioned this as signi. ficant of the progress of the colony. He said that he was safe in stating that General Sir Oriel Tanner was tbe mest dis tinguished man that Western Australia had produced, and he would ask those pre sent to fill their glasses to drink his g«od health, and a Ions life, and he hoDed that be would return again come day to the nolony of his birth. General Sir Oriel Tanner said he did not possess the power of speecb-mafcine or any pretension to eloqu ence, but he thanked those present for the honour they had done him. Since be and his wife had come to Australia, eight months ago, they had received uniform hospitality and kindness, aud nowhere more eo than in Western Australia. What ever honours Her Majesty had conferred on him for services in other parts of the world, they had not exceeded the honour done, him since he had been in Australia. He had enjoyed his visit here immensely, and was very sorry to be leaving. There wts a great ignorance of Australia amongst English people. With reference to what Sir 'John had said about tbe disposal of his father's estate, his father had died shortly after leaving the colony, and the property bad fallen into the hands of executors, who, knowing nothing of the place, had bold it. He hoped he would return to the colony, and again thanked Sir John and Lady Forrest and those present on behalf of himself and his wife for the honour they had done him. The party than proceeded to the Railway Station, and bade farewell to the distinguished visitors, who proceed ed to Albany en route for England. An important decision was arrived at by the Perth Board of Health on Tuesday evening. The failure of the prosecution against an offender in the Canning Hills, for refusing to comply with the new by laws which were passed to prevent pollution *-f the Perth water supply, had practically blocked the Boird by Retting aside ita jurisdiction as ultra vires. The nnmerous residents in the vicinity of the Perth Beser voir might, if perniciously disposed, treat the by-laws as this particular offender had trpated them, and might proceed to deposit the most revolting matter in or alongside the water courses which drain into the re servoir. The water which thousands of people in Perth are now daily using as their only wholesome source ©f supply might thus become polluted in a manner too disgust ing to be described, aggravated by the no torious fact that typhoid fever cases have Vi^en nnmerous near the reservoir. Tbe Health Board had to accept the Police Maeistrate's decision, which was a re fusal te enforce their hy-laws becanse' they were declared illegal, or they had to test theirvalidityjby carrying the case on ap peal to tbe Supreme Court. The appeal must involve expense, and might not suc ceed. The City Solicitor aise wished, as the Board's adviser, to obtain the opinion of the Attorney General on the case before carry incr it to the Supreme Court ; aud although this course uwy not appear to be necessary, yet there are one «r more technical r«ason3 why the course is pradent and desirable. The members of the Board, after some hesit ation, agreed to authorise the chairman to proceed with the appeal and to obtain the Attorney General's opinion on the question at issue. It does appear to be a strange com mentary on ihese proceedings thit an an onymous correspondent writes to the morn ing paper protesting against this proposed appeal as a reckless waste of the ratepayers' money. This correspondent may be expres sing the financial horror of only a small minority of the Perth oommuuity ; but is it conceivable _tbafc even a small number of in telligent citizens would deliberately prefer to abandon the bye-laws and leave the pol lution of tfae public water to go on uncheck ed, rather than contribute an infinitesimal share towards paying the expenses of an ap peal to tbe Supreme Court ? A meeting of the Fremantle Health Board was held on Tuesday evening ; Cr. T. H. Marshall in the chair, owing to the absence of the Mayor through illness. Letters from the Medical Officer (Dr. Tope) were read repotting two cases of typhoid already mentioned in our columns. A third case Dr. Birmingham. It was decided that in future all cases of infectious di&ease; should be reported first to the Inspector, to enable him to take immediate steps. The Secre tary stated that' the credit balance was SSA 10s. lOd. The Inspector's monthly report stated that the sanitary condition of tho town -was fairly good, hut that a great disadvantage was the want of a pro per drainage system. At present the rubbish of the town was deposited at the back of Monument Hill, and this place was intend ed to be used by the Government as a powder magazine. He believed the Board should do all the scavenging and thus save a considerable amount in carting. He had ordered tbe destruction of over 1000 bags of rotten potatoes. The present deposit of nightsoil was in close proximity to tbe town, bn.1- the Board had 300 acres situated about 3i miles from the town, which could be used f*-r that purpose. Cr. Newbold asked if it was true that a good many per sons buried nightsoil in the town ? and asked the opinion of the Medical Officer on the subject. Dr. Hope said the practice was strictly opposed to tbe Act. The health of the town was not satisfactory. Six cases of typhoid had occurred, two being at North Fremantle. All these cases, with one exception, had been introduced from outside. One case bad proved fatal and the others wer2 doing fairly well. There were several cases of low fever and a good deal of influenza. He again warm ly advocated the necessity of a complete water-supply for Fremantle. After s me minor business had been transacted th? meeting closed. On Tuesday, at the adjourned sitting of Ihe Fremantle Local Court, the ease of A. W. Armstrong v A. Wakely, claim for £15, dus for sale of a horse, was resumed. The defence set up was that the attimnl was nnsonnd at the time of purchase. The bench de ided that a plea of temporary illness could not be admitted and gave judgment for the plaintiff less the amount charged for stabling. K. Jovas v. Edward Mayhew, claim for £3 6s. due for carting. Tbe defendant said he had enly questioned theaccount.but had never refused payment. Judgment was given for £2 10s. The case oi J. Stevenson v. O. H. Adams &Co;, for JE58 5s. damages for the non-delivery of doors, was part heard and adjourned until Friday morning. The London Evening News and Pott says : — ' Western Australia has probably made & wise selection by the appoint ment of Sir Malcolm Fraser as their Agent General in London. At an early age Sir Malcolm went to New Zealand as a civil engineer, and after a successful career there he came to Western Australia in the employ of the Government of that Colony. There he became Purveyor General and Colonial Secretary, from which position he retired with a pension, upon the estiblish ment of responsible government in the Co'.ony recently. He has held the position of Lieut-Governor (sic), and should know t he wants and resources of the Colony as well as any man in England.' Daring the past few days we have receiv ed very many complaints as to the condi tion of tbe telephones which are supplied to feubscribere. la some instances the complainants state that they have written or n'ty occasions to the Department, bt£ withouL obtaining any redress. Two welJ known merchants have intimated to us that unless they find an immediate alteration they will decline to be connected with the -ystem any longer. The Government hava surely had their attention directed to tbe working of this department often enough now to have ensured some steps being takes to put matters on a proper basis. At the Perth Local Court June 2, the cases occupied Mr. Cowan, P.M., till late in the afternoon. Messrs. Knight - and Co. obtained judgment with costs against T. Maddigan for .£10 9s. due for goods soM and delivered. E. E. Humphry, storekeeper at tbe Canning, sued Arthur M'Intosh for £15 14s. 11d. ; due for goods supplied. After some evidence had been given the parties agreed that defendant should pay £5 15s, within fourteen days, otherwise judgment for the full amount would be entered. R. S. Haynes obtained, by consent, a judgment against Sogers and Salomons, lately in partnership as auctioneers, for £11 due. G. C. Baker sued E. S. Haynes. solicitor, for the sum of £& Us. 4d., money had and received. The dispute iu this matter had been before the courts for some manrhs. Mr. G. Parker now appeared for the plaintiff' and Mr. Foulkes for the defendant, the arguments in the case being very warm. The plaintiff's case was that in September last he called at Mr. Haynes's effice, saw his clerk, gave instruction to sue a debtor named Green for £20 due, was told tie expense of the summons would be £t Is., for which he gave a cheque, aud was told also that Mr. Haynes's costb for conduct ing the case in the Local Court would be ?£4 3e TTo nl1f-.fl.1m.4i inriOTnATifc uunsi Green, and the execution issued on his effects realised over £7. Mr. Hayjiesmade out a bill ef costs which left nothing for tbe plaintiff to receive. Plaintiff under stood that the £3 3s. was to cover tbe whole costs of recovering the debt from Green. The case for the defence was that there was no agreement to do the work for a fixed sum. After hearing the evidence and arguments Mr. Cowan gave judgment for the plaintiff for .£3 Is. 9d., the question ot costs being reserved. Thomas Smith sued John Farrantfor .£10 due goods sup plied, the defence being that the debt had been paid in two instalments. After hearing evidence judgment; wad given for the defendant It is related in the ' Life of Robert Fulton,' by Thomas W. Knox, that a tradi tion was handed down among ail the Bailors who formed the crews of the late Great Eautern that her iil-iuck was due to the circumstance that two workmen were wall ed up alive in one of the cellular spaces, whi'sn were s? distinguished a feature of her structure. The story goes that on one occasion two of the workman becune in toxicated, and crept into one of the un completed spaces referred to. ' While they were sleeping off the effects of their carouse the plate to complete the enclosure of the space was put into position and riveted down, and the absence of tbe men was not noticed or accounted for till several days had passei. The ghosts of these victims of their own drunken carelessness are said to have haunted the ship, and their fellow work men predicted that whenever the Great Kastern should be broken up two skeletons would be found in one of tiie en closures of that enormous cellular tissue, where they have laid and been transported wherever the vessel has gone. The great sl-ap is now nonest, and the public, through negligence or unbelief on tbe part of the literary sensation-mongers, has apparently been cheated of a good item of excitement. The Sydney Daily Telegraph states tkat its London correspondent has reported that three vessels, tbe Active, Belinda,and Diana, are about to be despatched from Dundee aud Peterbead to the Antarctic, on a whal ing trip. The Active is a wooden-built, barque rigged screw steamer of 348 tops gross register, 237 tons net. She was built in 1852 by Robertson, of Petrrhead, and is owned by Mr. E. Kinnes, of Dundee. Her engines are compound, 26in. and 30in. cylinders, stroke 21in., and 40 b. p. nominal. Ti.e other vessels are probably or similar size and description. If the venture buo ceeds the number of ships will be increased. Years^ ago whaling was an important indus try in ihe Soutb Pacific to what it is to-day. A few American vessels are still employed but the Sydney, Hobarf, and colonial whal ing generally is comparatively a matter of past history. It is a far erf to Peterbead, but should thistrih of blubber-hnnters find Sj.ort plentef nl it will probably give and im petus to speculation in the olonies. Now thet freights are at ruinous figures, an in ducement to hunt in the Antarctic would the easier find favor amongst colonial ship owners. The idea of employing steam iu the business is a new departure, and it will be the more interesting to note how it pays. The first town in Queensland to iastal the electric light is Ttaargomindab, about 1,000 miles from Brisbane. The plant is being instated by Messrs. Trackson Brothers of Brisbane, to the order of s Mr. Patterson. The price cf kerosene in Thar gtttnindah averages about JE1 per tin ; gas is out of question, as the cost of coal car riage is something like £20 per ton. There is a splendid snpply of water at Thargo mindah and abundance of wood. Great efforts are being made in Queensland to push the telpher system, the colony being particularly f*v.)nrably to it. The country is bo immense that is is impossible as yet to lay down a sufficient mileage of even the lightest railways with any hope of their p.iying. The idea in using the telpher sys tem i» that it should serve as a feeder to the few railways that exist. On the sugar piattitions the introduction of the telpher system is viewed with considerable favour, as it would be an ideal way of conveying the cane over long distances. Messrs. Track Kon Brothers have just received an order from tbe Government for the supply of all tbe electric light fittings for the new wing of the Parliament House, the chief con dition being that all the fittings shall be manufactured in the colony. Owing to the many representations which have been made to the Government in connect :on with the depredations of tary has himself taken the matter in band and has determined to place matters on a satisfactory basis. With this object in view, Mr. Shentonhas instructed Inspector Lodge to leave Derby, where he bas been stationed, and return to Perth. On arrival here he will be appointed to the charge of what may be called the disturbed districts at the north, and inetrnetsd to restore order there. It is understood that there are about six half-civilised natives who are acting as ringleaders to others, and whs are really the whl«e cause of the disturbances. Mr. l-odge will be instructed that these must be captured and brought to justice forthwith. It is expected that when this is done order will be restored. The second lecture of the series of the St. John's Ambulance Association was held at the Literary Institute, Fremantle, on June 2. There wasja :arge attendance of members. The lecture treated of fractures of various kinds aud a lively interest was felt by all present in the practical applica tion of splints which followed the lecture. The next lecture of the- series will be held at the name place at half-past eight p.m. on Wednesday. Ata meeting of the north ward elector ate held June 2nd, at the Beaufort Arms it was resolved that the Secretary be directed to convene the monthly meeting for Monday next. Typhoid fever was an nounced to have broken out in Lord-street. Tbe conduct of the police was again dis cussed relative to the recent outrage at Higbgate Hill and seriously condemned, there \\-eing a sense of want of seenr itv asaicst lawless persons who are known to hare prowled that part for some time p^st, committing petty larcenies, etc., etc. Notice of irotion was given that all civic loan money should be restricted to expenditure upon ne«' roads and footpaths ; that rates be applied exclusively to the upkeep of exist ing roids, &c.; ; that a uniform water level sheuld be struck and the Company's level equalized ; and that the establishment of police stations in the East Ward be con sidered. Other nutters pertaining to the interests of the wards of the city generally were brought forward and discussed at length. 