TALES AND SKETCHES. THE IVORY CATE. By Walter Besant. Chatter XIV.— Things More Remarkable. After suoh n prodigioim event ns tho discovory of these unparalleled forgeries, anything might bnppcn without being regnrded. People's minds are open nt suoh times to see, hear and nccopt everything. After the earthquake, ghosts walk, solid things fly away ofthoir own accord, good men commit murder, noli men go empty nwny, and nobody is in the least surprised. See what happened the very next day at the offiee in New-sqaare. When George arrived in the morning he found that tho senior partner had not yet appeared. He was late. For the first time for 50 years and moro he was late. Ho went to his place, nnd tho empty ohnir gave an air of beroavement to the room. Oheckley was laying out the tablo; that is, ho lind dono so a qunrtor of an hour boforo, but bo could not lcavo oil doing it ; he was loth to leave the table before the master oame ; he toolc up the blotting pnd and laid it down agnin ; he arranged the pens ; he lingered over the job. " Not come yet?" Georgo oricd, astonished. "Do you think that yostcrday's shook has been too much for him ?" " I bolioved it's killed him," said the old olerk — " killed him. Tliat's what it has done and ho went on muttering nnd mumbling. " Don't," ho oried, and George took up tho letters. "P'r'aps he isn't dead yet— you haven't stepped into his shoes just yet. Let them letters alone." "Not dead yet. I hope not." George began to open the letters, regardless of tbe surly aud disrospcct ul words. One may forgivo a good deal to fidolity. " He will go on for many yoars after we have got tho money bnok for him." " After some of us " — Oheckley corrected him — " have got- hia money book for liim." Ho turned to go baok to his own oflicc, then turned again and came baok to tho table. He laid both hands upon it, leaned forward, shaking his bond, and said with trembling voice : "Did you never think, Mr. Austin, of tho blsok ingratitood of the thing? Him that done it, you know — him that cat ids bread and took his monoy." When Oheckley was greatly moved his grammar went back to the early dayd before he was confidential clerk. " I daresay it was ungrateful. I have been thinking, hitherto, of stronger adjectives." "Well— we've agreod— all of lit — haven't wo ? —that it was done in this oiliao — some ouu in tlie olfico done it with tho help of some ono out; somo ono who knows his ways " — lie pointed to tho empty okair — "some one who'd known all his ways for a long time, ten years at least. " "Things certainly scom to point that way "and tlicy point to you," he would have added, but refrained. Tho old man shook his head again and went on. "They've eaten his bread and done his work; nnd— and— don't you cnll it, Mr. Austin — I ask you plain— don't you call it blaok ingrati tood?" "I am sure it is. I have no doubt whatever about the ingratitude. . But, you seo, Checkley, that vico is not one which the Courts recognise. It is not ono denouueed in tho Decalogue, ihoro is a good deal to consider, in fact, beforo we got to the ingratitude. It is probably a criminal conspiracy ; it is a felony ; it is n tiling to bo punished by a long lorm of pcnnl sorvituile. n hen wo havo worried .through all this and got our conspirators undor lock nnd koy, wo will proceed to consider their ingratitude. There is also tiio bad form of it, and the nbsonae of proper feoling of it ; and tho want of consider ation of the trouble they give. Patience! Wo shall have to consider the business from your point of view presently. 11 "I wouldn't scoff and snigger nt it, Mr. Austin, if I wero you. Scoffln' nnd sniggsrin' might bring bad luok. Because, you know, there's othors besides yourself determined to bring (his tldngto a right issue." Georgo put down his papers nnd looked nt this importunate person. What did ho mean? Tho old man shrunk and shrivelled and grow small, lie trembled nil over. But ho remained stand ing with his hands on tho table— leaning for ward. " Bight years ago," ho wont on, "when that otlior business happened — when Mr. Arundel cut his lucky " a bave nothing said against Mr. .??. your own room." Ono word — I will speak it. If he's dead, I sual! not stay long here. But I shall stay so Jong as ho'a alive, though you aro his partner, fnly ono word, sir. If Mr. Arundel hadn't— tun away— he'd 'a been a partner instond of you." " I) Well?" Well, sir— s'pose he'd been found out after no was made a partner, Instead of before?" iscoigo pointed to the door. The old man seemed off his head — was it with torror? Jjueckley oboyed. But at the door ho turned nis head and grinned. Quite a theatrical grin, it expressed malignity and tho pleasure of anticipation. W hut was the matter with the old man? Surely, terror. Who, in tho oflicc, except himself, hnd tho control of the letters? terror that quarterly ohsquo? Surely, It was not until half-past ll that Mr. Doring ESS.V&SWW; opened on tlm i !, own Pm'nto door, whioh except himself0 Ifi' Non0 >»d the key ordorlv and moH,?r 8enraliy proceeded in an bat and coat f"ko la\,'ina,'rr u» hi» umbrella in ii,ft s! i It gloves, to place bis (|ownin\L io? throw Pen the safe, sit of thrco in0l inlnV; jU(8ted ?' a certain di8tanco then without ciM i .p 011 '"8 Sla,3e8> and t o lm8t0 or dawdling, to hegin nh l £3ny' i8 v«y that to Si n! " always in exactly the same way gots to his Idlic9' e 1,0 un?1Btbodical workman d i Heron i Lu at a vnry|nB bonr, travels by foot.lne„ M "?W,on an "tnuibus, now on lie to'day ill tho samo way that in i i 11 yesterday. He breaks up early. At work 8 £ retiria8; at 70 ha i8 P»8' bis proper Si'"®!?"1; ?rins dil1 notl»lig in its w„vi ,,„ ' ? w,"3 nearly two hours G oJInS'r ain.. In,by lli8 Pr'vnto door. Georgo rose to greet him, but stopped because— if ho diTn f i tlli,lgrhiB Pal'tnor mado as " ,, ne' observo Ins presence. His eyes fashion "tF G-'S ia r0Py and gbostly in hnwii l FmoJS' Part«er stood still, siiont, a. mni 1 "n 1 baw ono eTer tbe like, that man should at noontide walk in his sleep I mi«hoSPL'm cc! t,00' was attn"ge ; his hat ? t '0 book, gavo a touch of reckless ness actually recklessness— to tho austere old fniYern' I" oye3 B'owed pleasantly; and on his idnLni gmvo and sober faoe— there was a CL .-1 ?at,Bfied smile; he looked happy, interesting, benevolent, but not— no— not Mr. Euward Doring, Again, his coat, always tightly battonod, was now hanging looso; outsido, it bad been swinging in tho breeze, to the wonder ot Lincoln s Inn ; and ho wore no gloves, a thine most remarkable. He looked obout tbe room, him 8hut tho door behilld "Ho's somnambulnting," Georgo murmured, or else I am invisible ; I must have eaten fern seed without knowing it." Mi. Doring, still smiling pleasantly, walked across the room to tho safo and unlocked it He , nadinnis banda brown paperparcelticdwithred tape—this lie deposited in tho safe, looked it up and dropped the keys in his pocket. The window beside tho safe was open. Ho sat down, looking out into tho Square. At this moment Checkley opened tho door softly, after his wont, to bring in more letters. He stopped short, socing his mastor thus seated, head in hand, at tho window. Ho recognised tho symptoms of j'estcrday — tho rapt look, the open eyes that saw nothing. Ho crept on tiptoe aorosB tho room. 44 Hush ! " ho whispered. Don't move. Don't speak. He went ' like this yestordoy. Don't make tho least noi&o.; He'll come round presently." " TVliat is it?" "Kmd of fit, it Is. Trouble dono it. Yah I Ingratitood." Ho would have biased tbe word, but it has no sibilant. You can't hiss without the materials. 44 Yesterday's trouble. That's what's done it." They stood watobing in sitenco for about ton minutes. Tho ofilco was liko the Court of the sleeping Princes3. Then Oheckley sneezed. Mr, Dcring probably mistook the sneeze for d kiss, for he closed his eyes for . a moment, opened thorn again, and nroao once' more himself, grave and austere. He nodded cheerfully, took off his hat, hung it on its peg, buttoned bis coat-, and throw open tho safe. Evidently he remembered nothing of what had just passed. 44 You are early, George," he said. " You aro before mo, which is unusual. However— tho early bird— we know." 44 Before you for once. Are yoa quite well tliia morning? None the worse for yesterday's trouble?" 14 Ho's always well," said Oheckley, with cbcer fulness assumed. 44 Nobody ever sees him ill— Ac get ill? Not him. Eats as hearty as five and'twonty, and walks as upright;" 14 1 am perfectly well, to the best of my know ledge. Yesterday's business upset me for tho time— but it did not koop me awake. Yet it is certainly a very great trouble. You havo no nows, I suppose, that brought you hero earlior than usual?" 44 Nothing now siheo yesterday." ' 44 And you feel.pretty confident?" ... 44 1 foci liko V sleuth hound. I understand tbe pleasures of tho ohnse. I long to be. on the scent again. As for 'Edmund Gray, he is as good as in prison already." ' 44 Good. I was for the moment shaken out of mysolf. I was bewildered. I was unable to look at tbe foots of tho cale calmly. For the first time in my lifo X wantod advice. Well T T now understand what' a great thing it is that our profession exists for tho assistance of men in trouble. How would tho world get along at all without- solicitors?" He took his usurtl place at the table and turned over his letters. 48 This .morning," he went on, 44 1 feel more assured; my mind is dear agaiu. I oan talk about' tho case. Now thcu. Let us see— Edmund Gray ia no' shadow, but a man. He has made mo recommend him to his landlord. He is a olever man and a bold man. Don't bo in ft hurry about putting your hands upon him. Complcto your caso before you strike. But make no delay." . 44 There shall be none. And you shall hear- everything from day to day, or from hour to hour." Left alone, Mr, Doring returned to his papers and his work. At 1.30 Checkley looked in. <4Not going to take lunoh this morning?" 44Lunch? I havo only just — " Mr. Doring looked at his watcln 44 Bless roe 1 Most extra ordinary ! This morning has slipped away. I thought I had only iuat sat down. Itaeenis not more than bnlf an Iiour since Mr. Austin left me. Why, I Bhould have forgotten all about it and let the time go by— nothing worse for a man of my years than irregular feeding." 41 It's lucky you've got me." uaid his clerk. 4Half-a«(lozen partners wouldn't look nfter your meal-times— Ah I" na his master went up stairs to the room whore he always had his lunehoon laid out, 44 lie's clean forgotten. Some of these days, walking about wrapped up in his thoughts, ho'll bo run over.— Clean forgotten it, he has. Sits down in a dream ; walks about in a dream ; some of those days he'll do something in a dream. Then thoro will be trouble." He closed tho door and returned to his own desk, where ho was nlonc, tho juniors having gone out to dinner. His own dinner was in his coat pocket. It consisted of a saveloy out in thin slices and laid in bread with butter and mustard — a tasty meal. He slowly dovoured tbe wholo to tho last crumb. Then, Mr. Doring having by this time finished his lunch and descended again, Oheckley wont up-stuiis ond finished the pint of claret, of which his mastor had taken one glass. "It's sour stuff," 1m said. 44 It don't beliave as wine in a man's inside ought to behave. It don't mako him a bit joyfullor. But it's pleasant too. Why they ean't drink port w|nc — which is real wine— when they can afford it, I don't know." It was past 3 in tho afternoon when George returned, not quite so confident in his bearing, yet full of news. 44 If you ore quite ready to listen," ho said, "I've got a good deal to tell. First of all, I thought I would have another shot at Gray' Inn. I went to the chambers. The outer door was open, whioh looked as if the man was at home. I kuooked at the inner door, which was opened by the laundress, the old woman whom 1 saw yesterday. 'Well, sir,' she said, 4 you aro unlucky. Tho master has been here this verymorning. And he hasn't' been long gone. You vo only missed iiim by half an hour or so.' I asked her if ho would return that day ; but siio knew nothing. Then I asked her if she would let me write and leave a note for him, lo this slio consented, rAther unwillingly. I went in, therefore, and wrote ray note at Mr. Gtay s table. I asked bim to call here on im portant business, and I marked tho noto Urgent' I think there oan bo no harm in that. Then I looked about the room. It is one oE those old wainscoted rooms, furnished simply, but overything solid and good— a long table, nearly as large as this one of yours ; solid chairs— a solid sofa. Three or four pictures on the wall, and a bookoase full "of books. No signs of occupation ; no letters ; no flowers. Everything covered with dust, although tho old woman was .there. I could havo ' wished to ox- amine the papors on the tablo, but the presence of the old woman forbade that dishonorable aot. I did, however, look at tho books. And I mado a most ourious discovery. Mr. Edmund Gray is a Socialist. All his books are on Sooialisin-; they aro in French, German and Euglish ; all books of Socialism. And tho pictures on the wall aro portraits of distinguished Socialists. Isn t that wonderful ? Did ono over hear boforo of Socialism and forgery going to gether?" 41 Not too fast. Wo haven't yet connected Edmund Gray with tho forgery. At present wo only know that his name was used." 4 Wait a bit. I am coming to that. After leaving tho chambers, I went into . the city nnd »aw Mr. EUia. First of all, nono of the stook has been sold. " 44 Oh i they havo had tbreo months, and they have not disposed of it? Thoy mu9t have met with unforeseen difficulties. Let mo see." Mr. Doring was now thoroughly alert. The weakness of tho morning bad completely passed away. 44 What difficulties? Upon my word I cannot ucdci stand tliat there could have been any. They have got the papers from a re spectable solicitor through a respectable broker. No — no. Their course was perfectly plain. But rogues often break down through their inability to see. the strength of their own case." 44 Next, Mr. Ellis has ascertained that sorno of the dividends are received by your bank. I therefore called on the mahnger. Now, be pre pared for another surprise." . 44 Another forgery ?" 44 Yes— another forgery. It ib nine or ten years siiice you sent a letter to the manager— I saw it— introducing your olient, Edmund Gray, gentleman, who was desirouB of opening a private account. He paid in a small sum of money, which has been lying to his credit over since, and has not been touched. In February lost he received another letter from you; and again in Mareh and April, forwarding certificates, and requesting him to receivo tbe dividends. With your own band you placed the papers in the bonk, I saw the letters.- I would HWoar to your handwriting." 44 Those people are as olever as they are auda cious." 44 At every point a letter from you— a letter .which the ablest export would tell was your handwriting. Your name covers and vouches foreverything." 44 Did you tell the manager what has hap pened?" "Coj-tainly ; I told him overything. And this is in substance tho lino he takes. 4 Your partner,' he says, 'alleges that those papers havo been prooured by forgery. He says that the letter of introduction - is a forgery. Very good. It may be so. But I have opened this account for a customer -who brought me an in troduction from the best soUcitoi in Loudon,' whose handwriting I know- well,- » and recognise, in the letter. Such an allegation would not bo enough in itself for me to take action; until a civil or criminal action Ib brought— lintiMt is concluded— I could not refuse to treat the ous torn or like all tho rest. At' the same time I will take what steps l ean to inquire into my cus tomer's antecedents." . 44 Quite right," said Mr. Dcring. "I asked him next, what he would do if tho customer sent for the papers. He said that if an action were brought, tho would probably be sorved with a subpoena duces Iccumj making him keep and produce these papers as forming part of tho documents in the ease.? "Certainly, certainly ; the manager knows his law." . "'And,' he went on, 'as regards oboques, I shall pay them < or . receive them until re strained."' -f. ' .. " In other words, he said, what we expeotcd.' For our own action now." v: 44 We might apply to h judge in Chambers for an attachment or a garnishee order." That muBt be pendente lite, an interlocutory proceeding, in the action. As yet, we have hot: brought ah notion nt all.- My partner "—Mr. Deting rubbed his bands cheerfully— "I think we havo done very well so far. These are clumsy Hooundrels, aftor all. They thought to .divert smpioion by usiug my name. They-tbought to cover them selves with my name. 'But they should have Bold and realised without the least delay. Very good. We have now- got our hands upon the papers. It would have complicated matters horribly hnd the stook been sold and trans ferred. So far we arc safe, Because, you see, after what they have heard, the bank would cortninly not givo them up without letting us kuow. Thoy would warn us; they would put tho man off ; they would ask him awkward questions about himself. Oh 1 I think we are safe— quito safe." Mr. Doring drew a long breath. "I was thinking nil night," he oontinued, 44 of tho trouble we might have if those certificates had changed hands. They might have been bought and sold & dozen times in four months ; they might have bcou sold in separato small lots, and an order of the court is necessary for every tran saction. We havo now nothing but the simple question before us ; how did the man Edmund Gray get possession of this property ?" . He sat in silence for a few minutes. Then ho wont on quietly. " To lose this money would bo a heavy blow for rae — not all ray fortune, nor a quarter, but a large sura. I have plonty loft, I have no hungry and expectant heirs; my pconlo aro all wealthy. But yet a vory heavy loss. And then— to be robbed. I havo always won- dored why wo left off hanging robbers. They ought to be banged, .every ono. He who invades tho sacred right of property should be killed— killed without hope of meroy." He spoke with tho earnestness of sincerity. "To tq3e this pro perty would not be ruin to me ; yet it would be terrible. It would take ho many years out of my past life. Every year means so much money saved. Forty thousand pounds means 10 years of my past — not taken away o that I should bo 10 years younger, but 10 years of work annihilated. Could I forgive the man who would so injure me? Never." 44 1 understand," said George. "Fortunately, we shall get the papers back. The fact of their possession must conueot the possessor with the fraud. Who is ho ? Can he be warned already ? Yet who should toll him ? Who knows that we have discovered the business. You — your friend Mr. Ellis— the manager of tho Bank — no one else. Yes— there is also Checkley — Checkley," he repeated. Ho could not— yet— express his suspicions as to tho old and faithful servant. " Checkley also knows." At this point Checkley himself opouod the door and brought in a card— that of tho bank manager. 44 1 havo called," said the visitor hurriedly, to tell you of something important, that hap pened this morning. I did not know it when wo wore talking over this business, Mr. Austin, It happened at 10 o'clock as soon as tho doors wore open. A letter was brought by h&ud; from Mr. Dering— " 44 Another forgery ! When will thoy stop?" " asking for those certificates to bo given to tho bearer — Mr. Edmuud Gray's certificates. This was done. Thoy aro no longer at the bank." 44 Oh ! Then they have been warned," cried Goorgc. Who was the messongcr ?" "Ho yfaa a boy. Looked liko an office boy." 41 1 will inquire directly if it is oho of our boys. Goon." . "That settles tho difficulty ns to our action in case tbo papers are wanted by you. Wo no longer hold them As to tho divldonds, wo slmll continue to receive them to the account of Mr. Edmund Gray until we got an order or an in junction. " "Tho difficulty," said George, "Is to connect tbe o&sQ; with Mr. Edmund Gray bodily. At present, we have nothing but the letters to go upon. Suppose tho real Edmund Gray says that ho knows nothing about it What are we to do ? You remember receiving tho dividends for him. Has ho drawn a cheque ?" 44 No; we have never paid any ohequo at nil for him." 44 Havo you seen him ?" "No ; I have never seonliim." " It is a most wonderful puzzle. After all, tho withdrawal of the papors can only mean a resolu tion to sell them. He must instruct somebody. He must appear in tbe matter." "He may instruct somebody as ho instructed mo— in the name of Mr. Deriiig." 44 Another forgery." "Yes," said George. "Womuatwatoh and find out this mysterious Edmund Gray. After all, it wiir not help lis to say that a forged letter gave certain instructions to do certain things for a'certnin person— say the Queen— unless you can establish tho complicity of that person. And that — so far — wo certainly havo not done. Mean time — what next?" 44 Obviously, the next thing was to find out if any of tho office boys had taken that letter to the bauk. No one had been sent on that errand. (to bb oontinued.) - \- — - , 