CHAPTER XXX. THE CLOUD LIFTING. Boy Hilton, still but a ghost of his former self, sat in his wife's room in the handsome house upon the Avenue. He acquired the habit of sitting in this room, sometimes for hours together, reading nothing, doing nothing, but thinking, forever thinking. And these thoughts of his were not pleasant thoughts ; and -every day of this strange, lonely, dreaming life added years to his appearance. He was no longer light of heart, or swift with the smile that won for him so many friends in the old free days. It was always of George Chesney at his best that he thought whenever that dark crime rose before him. Fever left him with a weakness of the brain that could not lift under this added sorrow, and he grew sometimes very hard with himself, wondering whether or no it were his hand that had taken Chesney's life in that fit of insane jealousy, or whether it were strange evil of fate that laid upon him, at the height of hiB happiness, the touch of crime. And always, at such times and at all, his one greatest thought waa for his wife. The physicians said, when he was slowly recover- ing and this strange imagination of the brain remained, that he would undoubtedly recover when the cause was removed, but not until then. And with his friends this meant, perhaps, forever 5 for few knew of the struggle his wife and Frank Whitney were undertaking to prove that no hint of guilt could touch the quiet man, shut in his lonely life, seeing few of the many friends who called daily to learn of his condition and left tokenB of their thoughtfulnesB in flowers and fruit to tempt his thoughts to lighter things. And out of all these gifts there was one that came as promptly aB the day dawned, and which he knew would come, with a certainty pathetic in its very eagerness-an exquisite bouquet of white roses and forget-me-nots and lilies of the valley-always the same, always from the same source he knew. 1 And if the sender could have seen how hp laid his thin face among their blossoms and whispered foolishly perhaps, of Helen and her brave heart, her grave proud face, growing daily more white and thin, might have taken on a deeper sadness. But no eyes ever saw this weakness in him. He was quiet and still and very grave in the presence of others, but the same proud man who won his wife from them all. Everything was still in the house-strangely still it seemed to him, suddenly waking to the fact, and he started and touched the bell beside him. Nothing had happened-nothing, was the reply given when his call was answered. Was there anything he desired ? Water, perhaps, or wine, or a little something to eat P Nothing he answered to them all, and sank down again to watch the flowers and to think. And then-was it immediately after that, or had hours gone past?-he did not know. There was a light tap upon his door, and Erank Whitney entered. / He smiled upon him when he knew who it was; but the smile was so full of sadness and the bravery of a soul that would not yield to its weight of sorrow that his friend turned his face aside for an instant that it should not meet his eyes. Then he crossed the soft carpet and held out his hand. I'here was something so quiet and contented about this simple gesture that the younger man-younger in years but ages older in sorrow-did not take the hand at once, but leaned back among his cushions, a new pallor striking his face, his eyes searching the quiet face above him. " I am foolishly weak to-day, Whitney," he said, slowly, his eyes never leaving his friend's face. "You will bear with me-you will always bear with my weakness !" Again that slow, sad, infinitely sad, smile. "It seemed to me, as I looked at you, that something waa in your face-something that has not been there these many days-ay, months for that matter ! But I am weak still, and you know the dreaming of idle minds !" Frank Whitney smiled down into those search- ing eyes and held in his for a long minute the hand of his friend. He stood beside him, too, rather aimlessly. He had been here every day when it was possible during the long winter of trial, and yet never before was he so possessed with this feel- ing of restraint. Even his eyes could not long rest upon those steady, searching, lifted blue eyes looking out from that pale, proud face. Uncon- sciously his gaze strayed to the flowers upon the stand beside his friend. " How beautiful they are !" he said with no special forethought. "An emblem of the sender Then he bit his lip. He did not know how his friend would take such a remark bearing upon something that he had almost his own hy right of the tie be- tween himself and the beautiful woman whose white hands arranged them, whose proud lips may have been-who knows? - pressed upon the ' spotless petals ere they went upon their errand of love! He caught the flash in the steady eyes shining out of that proud face upon the cushions, and turn- ing awaywalked to the window, still in that aim- less, restless fashion bo new to him, self-pos- sessed man as he was. Those steady eyes noted this strange restlessness, and Boy aBked, after a moment of utter silence : " What is it, Frank ? You have something to tell me. You need not try to hide it. Tell me at once. No matter what it is, I can bear it-any thing !" Frank Whitney stopped instantly, catching this low, excited voice. He turned, and Boy had half risen from his chair-for Boy waa still so weak he scarcely ever left this chair for long-and crossing to him, pressed him back in the chair with his kind hands upon his shoulders, a smile upon his face. He would have spoken, but at that moment he heard the fall of light feet in the hall, and, facing the door, he saw it open, and then- But he knew what was to come, and turned away to give room to the woman who entered, who had a right to enter, who had supreme right to the place beside the proud, startled man in her ehair beaide the window in her room. " Helen," he tried to artioulate, but the power of voice was gone for the moment, and he could but reach out his arms to her, those marvellous eyes upon her face with a wild light of blended ques- tioning, fear, and love, and then- they were alone, and she was pouring out her heart in incoherent whisperings, once more kneeling beside him, his arms about her, her face more beautiful than ever ; that proud, sweet face had been, as it lay, quite hidden from^ any other eyes but his, upon his ' shoulder. " Is it true P" he whispered, by-and-bye, when he could find voice. "You said we must never meet attain, Helen, until - until I was proved innocent beyond even the doubt of my worst enemy; and yet you are here-" " And it is proved," she whispered, as softly and as tenderly, not moving from her resting-place. " The cloud pus been cleared utterly away, and my husband rises out of it a new man, a brave, true, i noble, wonderful - oh, a wonderful man to me, indeed-to me, his wife !" 