— THE — Squatter's Dream. (BY CHARLES DE BOOS.) PART I - THE DREAM. BOOLTAH was a compact station in the south-west district of Queensland, and about 30 miles from Thargomindah, and carried some 30,000 sheep com- fortably. Its owner was Gerard Temple, a cadet of the family of the Temples, of Temples-court, in the country of Loamshire, England. As a youth he bad been rather delicate, and, as consumption was feared, he was sent to Queensland immediately after he left college. Here he was set up in business as a squatter, with the monetary assitance of his grandfather, Sir William Temple, of Temples-court. He had now been seven years in the colony, and his health wns so firmly established by the genial Australian climate that, as he himself used to say, he didn't, know whether be had any lungs or not. At the time he is introduced to the reader, lie has jest completed a lout? day's ride out on thn run. The weather had been very hot and dry for the previous three months. Not a drop of rain had fallen, and the grass had all but disappeared. The sheep continued fairly strong, though the heat and drought were beginning to tell on them. There were some gather- ing clouds in the west, and the sheep communicated to each other their hopes of coining rain by occasional bleatings. As he reached home — the head station — and dismounted, he noticed that the clouds had banked up into one dark mass in the west; but whether they meant rain or whether it wns only one of the heavy dust storms that so frequently disappointed him he was unable to say. While he was seated at his dinner the storm came down upon the station with a savage howl and rush, and the sky was darkened by the clouds of dust Which the wind threw up before it. 'Only a duststorm after all !' sighed Gerard, as he lighted his pipe after finishing his meal. 'A good fall of rain now would have crowned us, and turtle me easy about the sheep.' Before he had concluded his pipe there were low mutturings of thunder, and a bright, dash showed that the electric fluid was at work. He jumped up, went to the door, and looked out. The duststorm had passed away, and now the sky was black with heavy clouds, while from west to north inky banks came rolling up, sending forth howling rumblings, which every minute came nearer. Presently a few heavy drops of rain fell, and then there was a blinding flash from directly overhead, descending vertically into the earth a few hundred yards from the hut. Then the rain come down with a vengeance, and Gerard closed the door with a sigh of satisfaction, and went ofl to his couch with a mind perfectly relieved from all uneasiness. The houce was built upon a very simple plan. In the centre was the main room, serving for dinner, sitting, and drawing room. Off this, on one side, was a spare room, in which to lodge occasional visitors, and on the other was Gerard's bedroom. There was a lean- to attached to one end of this bedroonm, and it served as a sleeping place for Gerard's cook and houseservant. A door led out from the bedroom to the front of this lean- to, but it was securely fastened by a bolt, as was also the door leading to the sitting room. Gerard disposed himself to rest, and his head was hardly on his pillow before he fell asleep, in spite of the howling wind, the crashing thunder, and the flashing lightniug. These, however, must have been present to his sleeping senses, for after a couple of hours solid sleep, such as only the tired and healthy can ever obtain, the elements began to mix themselves up with dreams of a most fantastic char- acter. At least one dream began io assume shape and form and a con- inuous character. He was riding out on his run in the midst of the deafen- ing elementary strife, and was anxious to get home, but he could neither make his horse take the direction he wanted, nor to increase his pace beyond a walk. The animal seemed to be moved by some impulse beyond his control, and plodded on till he came to the bank of a dry creek on the run which Gerard at once recog- nised. It was now running down a 'banker,' and Gerard wondered how many sheep he should find drowned in the morning. On and on they went until, with that strange perversity which accompanies dreams, Gerard found the whole country change. The flooded creek became a gently purling brook ; the and plains were trans- formed into beautifully undulating hills, clod with the brightest vendure ; the sun shone out merrily, and every thing seemed to be peaceful and happy. But only a few more paces onward, and his horse came to a dead stop. Gerard would have urged him onward, but found himself unable to move. He looked round him. There was a beautiful dell about an acre in extent to rise, upon a portion of which he stood, curving round it like an amphitheatre on three sides, and the sparkling, babbling brook forming the chord of the arc. The timber growing around was familiar to him, but he could not have named it, except that directly opposite to him there was a thick copse of hazel — but he had never seen any hazel out on the run. And there, a little to the left and down towards the brook, was surely a wych elm. What a beautiful tree it was, and how exactly suited to the spot. But what is under it ? He looks with all his eyes, and sees a broad manly form lying face down wards on the grass. He is not sleep- ing — no man over slept in that posi- tion. He has fallen, and lies exactly as he fell. Gerard made frantic of ef- forts to move, but was as if struck with catalepsy, for all power of motion was denied him. He fancied he knew the figure, clad in the ordinary vel- veteen and gaiters of the English sportsman. He would give anything could he but see his face. He had fallen, possibly, in a fit, for there was his gun is it had dropped from his hand as be fell. The agony of the moment beggared all description ; but it was soon to end. Peering through the hazel copse, Gerard saw a dark-complexioned man looking down, like himself, on the body. His features were completely distorted by lawless passion and malig- nant hate, and Gerard could not re- cognise the face as one he had ever seen before. Apparently satisfied that the man was dead, the dark man descended the rise, went to the body, and turned it over on its back, but still in the dream the face seemed a blank to Gerard. Having turned it over, he soon saw that the man had been shot through the heart by a bul- let. Then deliberately taking the dead man's gun, the stranger placed the muzzle close to the murdered man's breast, drew the trigger, and emptied the contents directly upon the spot where the bullet bad entered. Then he turned the body face downwards again, and threw the gun carelessly down. Rising to his feet he looked round cautiously, and then, with a start, suddenly seemed to discover the presence of Gerard. F ixing him sternly with venomous eye, he took up his own gun, threw open the breech pan, and put in another cartridge, all the while holding Gerard with those fierce eyes. He fixed the piece to his shoulder, took deliberate aim, and fired. With a supreme effort Gerard had called out that holy Name which none ever invoked in vain, and he contrived to dart his head to one side as the bullet whizzed past his ear. In an instant Gerard had leaped from his bed wide' awake. He felt the smart of the bullet on his ear, and he also became aware of the pungent: smell of gunpowder in the room. He rushed to the door which communi- cated with, the lean-to, opened it, lis- tened, and could plainly distinguish the sound of running feet in retreat. He went to his man's room, the door of which was open, but, although he shook him he found it impossible to waken him. He struck a match, and a brief examination showed therein to be under the influence of a narcotic. Leaving, matters to be sifted in the mor1ning he went to vbed again, and slept without further disturbance. The next moring the whole thing was made clear to him. He found not only the hole made by the bullet in big pillow, but also the bullet it- self, which had lodged amongst the feathers. Taking the trajectory line from the pillow, he saw a round hole which had been bored by an inch and a half auger used for boring holes for morticing posts, while the auger itself was lying on the ground in the man's room. Questioning his servants, he learned that a man, who gave his name as Richard West, and whom he bad employed only a week or two pre- viously to look after the horses on the station, had brought a bottle of rum into the cook's room, and had treated him to a glass, which in the course of a very few minutes had rendered him insensible. Search was made for the man West, but he was nowhere to be found, and as his blanket and effects were gone it was evident that he had cleared out, under the impression that his shot had been fatal. Gerard cudgelled his brains most in- effectually to discover some cause for so apparently wanton an outrage, but could find none. However, the whole affair made such a serious impression on him that he recorded the dates — April 9, 188 — . By some mysterious impulse be felt himself compelled to make a sketch af the dell in which the foul deed had been committed, and afterwards, still unsatisfied in his mind, he made a second sketch, and introduced the figure of the prostrate man, and a sketch of the evil face peering through the hazel bush. He was a very fail draughtsman, but his success in reproducing the scene and its accompaniments fairly astonished him. About a week afterwards he re- ceived a letter from his brother Regi- nald which contained matter of so much importance as to cause him to at once leave the bush and proceed to Brisbane. There he provided himself with a person to take charge of the station, while the whole property was put into the hands of an agent for sale, aud Gerard took the first mail boat for England. PART II — ITS RESULTS. THE letter which Gerard received from his brother was a lengthy one, but it will be only necessary to refer briefly to the leading features of its contents, so what follows may be understood. He informed Gerard that his eldest brother William, with his two sons Robert and Alfred, two fine young men of 18 and 20 years of age, had been drowned on the Lake of Geneva by the foundering of a yacht during a pleasure trip. The report of this calamity, coming suddenly to the ears of their father, Sir William Temple, a man of 75 years of age, so completely prostrated him that he died within a week of receiving the news, and the family vault of the Temples received four bodies at the same time. Nor was this all, for Upton, the third brother, who had long been a sufferer from consumption, suddenly collapsed, and the Temple vault had once more to be opened. 'Thus,' continued the letter, ' you will see that a pretty large section of the Temples has been cut off, and there seems some fear that those black Merivales will come in as rulers of Temple-court, for, as you are aware, they are next in succession. You know that I am not a fellow to funk a tiling, but somehow or other I got low and depressed, and there is a something hanging over me that I can't account for. However, I am to be married in July— of course, to Am- abell Mount. It is, as you know, an old affair, and my coming into the property has smoothed over all former difficulties. Still, Amabell, like my- self, dreads something — she knows not what— but perhaps, it is only this ter- ribly quick succession of deaths that has made us morbid. We want you, old man, with us. If you hurry up, you will be in time for the wedding, and, somehow, I feel that if I had only you by my, side, all would go well.' Such was the letter which had hur- ried Gerad to leave Australia for England, and to almost let his Queens- land property taken its chances. It was that, too, which caused him to leave the mail steamer at Plymouth, and to hasten on as fast as trains could carry him to Templeseourt - with anyone on the route, and only anxious to meet his brother. In the library at Templescourt a dark, beetle-browed gentleman, clad in deep mounting, was sitting writing or rather playing with a pen, while a sheet of paper lay intact before him. 'I wish the fool had come to me di rect instead of writing,' he grumbled below his breath. ' And then to write me such a letter, one that I could make no use of. I have, however, taken care to circulate the news of Gerard's death, and have got it into one or two papers. 'Death by suicide.' Ha ! ha ! that takes down the pride of those haughty Temples.' Just then a footman knocked, and opened the library door, announcing ' Mr. Gerard Temple.' Philip Merivale, for he was the dark man at the table, started, while his face assumed an evil, almost diabolical, look. 'Gerard Temple!' he shouted, ' why, he's dead.' ' Not a bit dead !' laughed Gerard as he entered the room. 'Never was more alive in my life.' Then he met the eye of Merivale, and his manner instantly changed. He seemed to half recognise him as someone he had met before, but where, he could not re- member. ' I beg your pardon,' he apologised, I thought to meet another person here.' ' I don't know who else you should expect to meet except the owner of the property.' ' The owner ! And you are ? ' ' Sir Philip Merivale, at your ser- vice ; and now, sir, you will perhaps tell me who you are ?' ' Your man has already aunounced me as Gerard Temple, and such is my name.' ' Ah, I see. Another Australian claimant. But let me tell you, my fine fellow, that that game is played out. You have heard, I suppose of the death of Reginald, and hence come to try your luck for the barontecy.' ' Reginald dead !' cried Gerard ag- hast. ' Yes, and buried these three months past' 'How did he die ?' asked Gerard. 'I am not here to answer questions from all cmer's,' replied Merivale brutally. ' So tell me what you want' My name shall tell you what I want !' 'And I deny your right to the name. Gerard Temple committed suicide in Australia on the 9th April last, the very day that his brother ac- cidentally shot himself, if it was an accident. The Temples were a mad lot ; but they have run out now,' 'The 9th of April !' Gerard said to himself, ' the. very day ?' Then, aloud, ' I can afford to pass by your brutal remarks, but have another and a more | serious account to render me.' 'Not here or now. You will be good enough to leave this room and this house, which is mine at all events, for the present.' 'I have no desire to make a scene. So I go, but only to return in a dif- ferent position.' And, so saying, he left. 'Can it be he ?' soliloquisied Meri- vale, when Gerard quitted the library. '1 seem to have seen him somewhere before ; but. where ? where ? Ah !' and he turned ghastly pale, as a sudden flood of memory rushed upon him. ' On the bank above the dell — that day — and I took it for a spectre come to assure me that, both were dead,' The fly which brought Gerard from the station was still standing near the stables, the driver having remained gossiping with the servants; so Gerard once more entered it, and was driven over to a neighbouring estate, the proprietor of which had known him from a boy. Here he was well received, and here also he met his sister, who had left Templescqurt as soon us Merivale unwarrantably took possession of it. From here also he sent a telegram to the family solicitor, asking him to join them on the morrow at as an early an hour as possible. Further proceedings were to await the arrival of the lawyer. Gerard's sister Gertrude gave him all the particulars of Reginald's death as far as they was known from the evi- dence at the inquest. 'And where did the accident occur? ' asked Gerard. 'In a delicious little nook which was a favourite rendezvous with us. We called it the Fairy Dell. There is one of the handsomest Wych elm trees growing there that I have ever seen.' ' Stay,' said Gerard, ' I have some thing to show you.' And he went to his room, and from his portmanteau I drew out the two sketches he had made ; then, returniug to the drawing room, he showed the first made to Gertrude. 'Why, that,' she declared, ' is the very spot itself, and here is the date of his death. How did you come by it?' 'I will tell you later on. Now look at this !' and he showed her the sketch containing the figures. Gertrude screamed, and let the picture fall from her hands, and it was some minutes before she could find power to speak. ' Oh, that evil man, — I always had a suspicion on him, Gerard. He was stopping in the house at the time, and used to force himself upon Reginald to go out shoot- ing with him ; but Reggie would never join him.' 'And who is it ?' asked Gerard. ' Why, the man you saw at Temples- court, Philip Merivale.' In the first train on the following morning arrived the lawyer, who brough with him an oflicer from Scot- land Yard. Mr. Duds, the lawyer, was well acquainted with Gerard, and congratulated him warmly on his safe arrival from Australia, as the news had been spread that he had com- mitted suicide. Several of the neigh- bouring gentry had also asisembled by invitation, and to them, as to the law- yer, the sketches were shown, and their history recounted. Afterwards they all proceeded to Templescourt, where to their astonishment, they were civilly requested, by massage, to meet Mr. Merivale in the library. They found him seated near the table, being pale and stern, and evi- dently making strong efforts to control, himself. ' So, gentlemen,' he sneered, ' like good sportsman, you have come to be in at the death. It's good sport to see the poor wretch hunted a little further.' 'Then you admit without further trouble that this is Sir Gerard Temple.' said the lawyer. He may be Sir Gerard Temple or he may be the devil, or he may be Sir Gerard's ghost ; I have seen it once!' declared Merivale absently. 'Yes,' answered Gerard, ' you have, and it was here !' producing the draw- ing with ths two figures and laying it before Merivale. ' Yes, you were there, and I saw you, and fired at you, but you dis- appeared. Lead dosen't kill spirits.' ' But it kills mortals, and your bullet robbed my dear Reggy of his life.' ' I suppose you saw it all and yon know,' was Merivale's reply, spoken I with increasing weakness. Here the police constable came for- ward, and, put his hand on Merivale's shoulder, said : 'Philip Merivale. I arrest you for the murder of Sir Reginald Temple.' ' You need not trouble yourself. I sha'n't want any arresting. Look at that,' and he handed a cablegram from Australia to Gerard. ' Read it.' Gerard Temple is not dead. He has never been injured. He left for England about the beginning of May, and will, no doubt, have arrived be- fore you get this.' Thus read Gerard. 'That comes from a man whom I sent out to prove your death, for which I paid pretty stifly to a paltry wretch who blundered over his work. When that — sort of — thing — is to be done— it's— better to do it— yourself.' His voice was beginning to falter, and he leaned heavily in his chair. 'Good Heavens, he's ill. ' 'Send for a doctor. 'What can be done ?' was said by one said another. 'Don't distress yourselves,' cynically exclaimed Merrivaie ; ' it's too late — to do — anything — when I got — the telegram — I knew — the game — was up — and provided against — the possi- bility — of their making a — public exhibition of me or the other fellows. 'Yes — I shot Reggie — he was a good fellow — It was a pity — I eased off Upton too, but — then — he would — not have lasted long.' His voice was sinking fast. 'And those — infernal — proud — Temples — have — beat — me at- last.' He had dropped and he was dead. Little more remains to be told. Sir Gerard Temple succeeded to the title and estates. He brought his sister Gertrude home to look after Temples- court, until a regular mistress should be found for it. The latter event will not be long in coming off, if certain, reports on the subject be correct. 