THE OPAL RING. SWe were sitting round the smoking-roomc fire at 11--- Iall, and when the clock showed us that a brief half-hour was all that was left of the old year, there came a pause, everyono apparently preferring his own thoughte to conversation. Not everyone, though, for Charlie Selwyn sat five mionutes with a very depressed countenance, and then burst out " I wish some of you fellows would talk, and not sit staring into the fire like a set of corpses. If I put out the lights perhaps this wouldn't be a bad time for a ghost talk," and he jumprd up and extinguished all the candies, then went on : " I'm sure some of you are thinking about them now, especially Gordon, who might have lived among them all his life, by the look of his face; beside, he has on that beastly opal ring, which I hate. See it glitter, as if it sheltered within a devil or a ghost."' ." Would you like to hear its story ?" said Clifford Gordon, looking up with a faint smile: "it includes a ghost, so perhaps it won't be too tame, even for Charlie." " Let's light some brandy and make a green light," said Selwyn; "I'm sure it would add to the effect." "1 daresay you know," began Gordon, "that Iam a relation of Lord Gordon. Our fathers were cousins, but he has always been much more like a brother to me." "Gordon of Grathorne Abbey?" asked Charlie Selwyn. "Yes; I visited there last Christmas for the first time, my cousin having always wintered up to that time atashootint-box in Norfolk. When I arrived his sister Clarice for I forgot to say that Geoffrey is a bachelor '-met me in the hall and with an anxious face told me that as all the rooms were full, I and a few others would have to eleep in the noth wing. She hoped I would not be afraid, as there were several of u. I assured her that 1 had net the elightest ohjlction to the north wing, at which sho looted much relieved. '" An old man-servant showred e upstairs; and after traversing about a mile of stair carse and pesanges we arrived at the north wing, part of the original building, now about 400 years old. •'" W.cy don't people like sleeping in this part, Thomcns?' 1 asked. '1t tre:ne to me tae tosst comfortable place I was ever in.' "' Well, sir,' said Thomas, ' I don't think thcr is much against the room, except lint poor Lady Dorothy was kept here till she escaped and was drowned in the lake. Shall I send some one to unpack for you, sir ?' '" For tihe nex: fortnight we were hard workec', for it is not easy to keep fifty people amusc:, but as the frost held out, skating and sleighing were truch indulged in all day, and theatricals and concerts at night. At the end of the fortnight, when all were gone exrept myself and a few other relatives, Cisrice asked me if I would change my room. "' No, thankyou, I prefer staying where I am,' said 1. " ' I'm glad if you've sent the ghosts away,' she said. ' The servants all declare that if anyone slept there fourteen nights running, the spectres would never come hack again.' SW"ell,' i answered, 'I've slept there thirteen nights; I intend to sleep there the fourteenth, so it is a bad lookout for the ghosts.' "Tnat was New Year's Eve, and it was much Euch weather as tnis. except that there was an awful gale all day which blew down big trees and lets drifts in the park ten feet deep. We were all rLthter dull that evening, and Clarice ended off with hysterics, which did no: surprise us much alter all tae fatigue of the last furtnight; so at eleven o'clock wo separated and went to our rooms;end for the firat time I thought mine rather ghostly, so I made up an enormous fire and settled myself on a sofa beside it, not feeling in clined for the funereal bedstead, and brean to read. By-and-bye 1 fell into a Ilall slumber which must have lasted quite two hours. as. when I awoke, one candle alone was flckering in its socket, and the lire.was very low, but I did not feel inclined to make it up, having that peculiar feeling that some. one else was in the room. I accordingly de termined to let it go out and try to go to sleep. But try as 1 would I could not help keeping awake, and as the room was now al most in darkness I seized the poker and stirred the fire into a blaze. " When I looked up I was surprised to sea a figure at the other end of the room. After a while it turned and approached me, and I saw it was a lady dressed in a costume of the last'century, and having on her hand this ring. Presently she came quite close to me, and among other things which I must not reveal she implored me to wear the ring while I lived. She would have no rest if some one didn't wear it; and she would come and claim it at my death. I noticed it sent red rays all over the room. I promised to do her will, when she disappeared through a panel, and I remembered no more till I awoke in broad daylight, and found old Thomas stand ing besids me looking dreadfully frightened : but he seemed relieved when I assured him I was all right, and sent him to fetch Geoffrey. When he came I told him everything, and pointed out the panel through which the lady had passed. He crossed thd room and opened it, revealing a small recess, in which lay an old brocaded dress ands pair of satin slippers, which I instantly recognised as those the lady had worn. "'But what about the ring, Clifford?" asked Geoffrey. "' I held up my hand and showed him the opal, now pale and lnstreless as a piece of scarnation. His face blanched. "' She always appears before a death,' he muttered. " When I was dressed I joined my cousin in ti's picture gallery. He was standing before a small portrait, which L instantly re. cognised as my visitor of the night before, and on her finger gleaming the opal ring. "'I may as well tell you all I know about her,'said Gecfifrey. 'She was the wife of some ancestor of ours, and he gave her that opal as an engagement rinog. One winter night a traveller came and nasked for their hospitality, as his horse could go no further. He turned out to be an artist, andti Lady Dorothy insisted on his painting this por trait of her, whibch he did, and in the mean time gained her affections to such a degrsee that a duel was the result, and her husband was killed. What hlappened to the painter no one ever knew, but poor Lady Dorothy went mad, and was kept in the north sting, from which she escaped one New Year's Eve and drowned herself in the lake.' " At this moment old Thomas rushed into the room exclaiming : ",Miss Clarices poor Miss Clarice I knew something would happen !' "We rushed off to Clarice's room, whqre we found my poor cousin quite out of her mind. "' I saw her I saw her I' she kept repeant ing. 'She came through there, and 1 saw her I' " Inexpressibly shocked I hurried for a doctor; but it was of no use. Tie poor girl never recovered her reason, and a mouth afterwards I heard of her death. "When we examined the reces in my room. we found a secret staircase and a door into Clarice's room, and on one of these stepo an old cambric handksrechef and a shawl, which it is supposed lady Dorothy dropped in her hasty flight. Geoffrey shut up the house and has lived abroad ever since. I am told that he looks quite an old man, and has white hair, bhit I have never seen him since that terrible day." When Gordon finished a deep silence pre. vailed, and it was not broken till we heard the bells ringing in the Naw Year. WVe all crowded round the open window, and there were many hand shakings and gcod wishes exchanged by all of us excep: Gordon, who slipped out, unperceived in the general 'movement. "Funny thing," musned Charlie. " I wonderif it is true? Must be, though, since he's got the ring. I always thought there was something connected with that opal; it glitters eo much; and to-night .it was quite red." We separated soon after this, and when my man called me in the morning he brought a few lines hastily ecrawled on a scrap of paper from Gordon, telling me that he had been obliged to leave by an early train, and would I explain matters to our host. For ten yversI had neither heard nor aeen anything of Gordon. I had sold out of the regiment in which Charlie Selwyn was now. major, and a t'led down in a comfortable place that an uncle bad opportunely left me; end I had just invited a lot of people for a Christmas and New Year's visit when some 0ot very pleasant. brsiness obliged me to countermand all my invitations and pene trate into Germany; which of all places in the world seems to be the worst to spend the winter in. I had finished everything, and was hoping to get home in time to see the New Year in: bat I was doomed to disappointment; and after the trains had been getting slower and flower, on New Year's Eve they came to a etandetill altogether, and at last a porter came and managed to make me understand that I must get out, as I was the only pas senger, and the train did not intend to go sny further. " But where the deuce is this?" I asked, looking about me in despair and seeing no thing but the Rhine and a very emall town on its banks, which at this point are most uninteresting, and, in feet, remind you of Holland. At last I managed to maltke out that it was l euwied, that the" Golden Anchor" and the W Wild Man " Was shut, ,and that. the only. place where I should be likely to get rooms was the Moravian Hotel, which, for the ex borbitant amount of five.marks, the porter iered to show me. Could I have rooms ? Yee, certainly, and anything else too, said the polite proprietor, shewing ome into a eittiug-rcom with a fire in it. And should they take Ihot water up stairs, and what should I like for dinnerl This sounded comforting. and it proved so, tco, for after a hot bath and an excellent dinner I felt refreshed and set myself cheer Iully to work to read some Graphics a year old. But 1 was not long alone. The pro prietor evidently thought he might as well come and converse with me, which he did, giving me his views on German polities, which were qu to different from anything I had ever heard nefore on the subject. " And have you no one else here to-night?" Iinquired. " Only a German lady and her daughter who occupy a eilttl:g room upstairs," he an swered ; but if the gentleman wishes I will ask them to come and talk." "' Not at all, thank you," I replied, the idea of having to converse with two German ladies being too much for me. '" But t meant English; you have no one else here, 1 ouppose e ' Toe landlord's face grew grave. " Yes, we have one Englishman here," he said, "but he'swill be gone before the morn ing. I fear, poor fellow." "' How do you mean-where is he going ?" I inquired. " Home-he is dying; perhaps you would like to see him 1" I did not much like the thought, but it seemed to be such an awful thing to die away from everyone in a foreign land, with no fellow countryman near, that I consented, and the landlord took me upetairs to a room in which were a German' doctor and two MIoravian eistere watching their patient, for there was nothing else now to do for him. I went softly up to the bed and looked at tha dying man, whose face was in the shadow, but one of whose hands lay on the counter pane. On it ghltterel an opal ring. "Anderson I" said a voice; and as he turned his head I recogunisd Clifford Gort don. "I y dear friend I" 1 murmured, and then Iq:tics broke down.. . ..:, ;; . •Ask theis'ts lea ve u us ;they'can do no good new," he said. I turned to the landlord and told him this was an old friend oi mine, and that he wished to speak to me alone, whereupon he bundled hae doctor and the others out of the room and left uts together. " Anderson," Gordon began, " do you re member this time ten years ago, and my tell ing you about Lady Dorothy ?" ' Yes, I remember it all," I said. " \'etl, I have seen her again ! she came last night; and I think she will come again for the ring." " I hope not," I answered gently, although even my inexperienced eyes saw that he had not much longer to live. " I did not tell you all," he said. "I have always been afraid lest I should go mad like poor Clarice, but I am not afraid now. Are those bells ringing in the New Yeaor ?' "Yes, dear old friend, it is New Year's morning," I answered. W' ?Vill you open the window? I should like to hear them for the last time. Do you think you could raise me slightly 2" I put my hand behind him and gently raised him. We remained silent for some, time, and than Gordon said: "The New Year has come now, has it not ? And Lady Dorothy-"hestopped, and his eyes closed. I seized the bell-pull, out it would not act. When I looked at his hand the ring wss gone. He was dead I 