CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. In the Bible Christian Church, Franklin- <*> street, on Sunday morning the Rev. H. W. Horwill, M.A,, preached on "Christianity and the body." Two extreme and opposite view?,he said, were held oonoeming the body in ancient days. Tbe Greeks worshipped pbymial beauty and strength. The early Christians, thinking there w? something wicked in actual flesh and blood, hated their body instead of the heart of unbelief, and c j became ascetics, injuring it and starving is, bnt finding that all their penance could not destroy sin. There were parallels tenday to both these errors. Them was the religion of the ballet with Mr. Stewart Headlam as in hiph priest, and the cant that was talkel about the elevating influence of ar-, as though the p-riminul classes wool i cease to be criminal if presented wit i season tickets for the Royal Academy. There was also tbe revival of tbe prize fight and ths canonisation of St. Sullivan. Mr. Cariyls should have wiitten a chapter on " The Haro as Pugilist.'' In contract to this there were Qhristians who made the mistake of thinking that they glorified the Creator by sneering at or illtreating the body, which waa one of the most wonderful products of His skill. When they denounced the body as the instrument of evil actions they forgot that it waa equally the instrument of all good actions. The Bible neither worshipped the body nor despised it, bnt taught its true dignity as originally created in the image of God and intended to be the temple o£ the Holy Ghost StP«l summed up his wonderful theological argument in the first 11 chapters of the Epistle to the Romans by laying in tbe words of that morning's text (Rom. xh., 1)—" I beseech you therefore by the mercies of God to present your bodies a living sacrifice unto God." It was not to be presented dead tx half-dead, but living, in the best possible condition. This involved the care of health. If God gave a man a constitu tion fit to take him to the age of 70, and his vice or neglect had destroyed it by 30 he was guilty of a sin -which stood in the same relation to suicide as manelauKhter did to murder. It was a sin against the body to wear it outpre maturely in the passion for getting rich. How many were worrying themselves to death in search of more than they were ever meant to get. Tbe preacher concluded by painting out that the reference in the text to the body and the use of euch a word as "present" showed that consecration to God waa not a matter of highly-wrought feeling but of the will. It meant decision, not the working of one's self np into an agony. As the end of tbe verse taught, the reason or mind of man was to bs the sacrificial priest, laying the body upon the altar. A united meeting of Young Men's Christian Eocietiee was held at tile Semaphore Baptist Church on Sunday afternoon. Mr. T. Caterer presided, and there was an excellent atten dance, the Fort CongregatAonalj Port Wes leyan, Semaphore Wesleyan, and Semaphore Baptist societies being represented. Attention was directed by four essayists to four different aspects of " M*"l''"??? Mr. TiTi'ii^rr, of the Baptist society, dealt with "True mnnlina? in religion;" Mr. Jacobs, of the S«?mfiyTr? Wesleyan Bociety, treated with the same virtue in home relations; Mr. E. J. Stacy, of the Congregational society, looked at the subject from a business standpoint; and Mr. Tre leaven, of the Fort Weeleyan, spoke on "True TnMiijrif^ jn sports." T^l** Tnfwfri'iF termi nated with devotional exercises. At tbe Franklin-street Bible Christian Church on Sunday evening the Eev. W. EL Cann preached to a large congregation. At the communion aerrioe which followed the pastor gave the right hand of fellowship to 13 new members. The Rev. J. Sinclair, of tbe Geelong Free Presbyterian Church, conducted services on Sunday morning and evening in one of the rooms attached to the V.M.C.A. At the first of these he took for his text the third Texas of Psalm lxxxvii. —" Glorious things are spoken of thee, O city of God." The preacher spoke of the divine presence in the chnrch, which was the birthplace «nd BBisery of the people. At the bead was Christ. The cfrtr^Vi should have & high and tine regard paid to it, and when the design of its institution waa followed it gave nappmess to those who walked in its precepts. In the evening the rev, gezrsjenian preached from 1 John, rihajf"' L, verse 7—"The blood of Jesus Christ His Son deanseth us from all sin." He dealt with tiieeffioacy of the sacrifice made by Christ for mankind, which he con tended had ever overcome the effect of sin when the sinner sought repentance and help in Christ. 