THE RIDDLER. NEW PROBLEMS. 10.058. Cliarade, by Dorothy Dingles. " 0 let me fret," the maiden cried, And then she smiled, and then she cried " This kind of thing I can't abide." Fd have you know that I am next. Who preached a sermon from the text, " Keep up your heart and don't be vexed." Last flaunts by night, defying scandal. And finds the game not worth the candle. Ask Job or Jamrach for advice About the total and it? price. 10.059. Prose Charade, by Jacob Faithful.-My son, if thou second thou must expect thy father to elongate thy first at the whole opportunity. 10,000. Anagrammatic Numerical Charade, by Josephine.-How 8 4 you expect to learn to write 13 101112 9 14 6 poetry correctly if you 12 not 6 3 7? .Rika a leaaon from 12 3*56 7-8 91011121314. 10,061. Enigma, by Abii&h.-What; strange insect is tliat which by having the hinder part placed in front becomes a human being? 10,002. Verbal Puzzle, by Swamps. 1. Severed by millions, this is but a token, In honour thongh above a monarch's crown. Worn by a race despised now, and broken: Vexed it would seem by Heaven's and mortal's frown. S. This, though composed of strange fictitious notions, Slay yet unnose itself on our endurance Slay mock us, and our passions' strong emotions lAy bare, while we applaud its vast assurance. 3. The third is found the Alpha of its kind ibixis "the bead and front of its offending;" 'lis Hebrew; this of course you'll quickly find, If on the Sacred Book much time your spending. The fourth when gone can never be regained; We often are unconscions of out loss; We see them not, although their mark's retained From birth until we death's dark portal cross. But now the fifth; beneath it, so says rumour; It may be, lurks most villanous intent. Chsinelion like; expression of one's humour, Disdainful, grim, sardonic; sweet, content. Each of the five words contains five letters, and they are composed of the twelve letters forming the sentence SOPHIA. RBLED M-. The words may be arranged in the form of a Chilian star, as in the fol lovringfignre:-By beginning at theapex and ranging each word successively in a straight line the start ing point will be again reached, the last letter of each word will form the initial of the next word, and the letters occupying the position of tbe asterisks (*) will in each case form put ot tiro words. 10,003. Double Acrostic, trwdated. fiom th« German, bjr Typo. 1\. A learned German Biblical scholar, diediTJl. 2\. A once popular Queen of England. ? , 8\. An unfortunate Queen of England. 4\. A famous 8puiisn nbvelist, died XS16. . 6* A famous ancient warrior. AUtheword.are of eqSd length. Theinitiato form the name of a town of andall Oa middle letters are identical. 10,064. Geometrical, by M. Quad.-Divide thin diagram into four equal parts, each to Ira'of tlia same shape: J 10,005. Geometrical, by Wg.-My neighbour P. Green has a rectangular field, the diagonal of which measures 800 yards, but by running a fence across it parallel to the shorter side the diagonal of the part thus cut off measures 676 IL, and the sides hare the same relative lengths to each other as have those of the whole paddock. It is required to find tha length of the dividing line. ANSWERS TO PROBLEM PUBLISHED APRIL 9. 10,048. Geometrical Puzsle, selected by Typo. The figure may be divided into four equal and similar parts, each containing three holes in several ways, as thus: 31 thns -Correct answers by M. Quad, Harry (Bushman's Club), Mac, Dignity, Pinafore, Biddie, J. H. Battams, Maraqmta, Theodolite, Bydleyton, Burn side, Student, Euler, Rebus. The answers to this problem were held over last week on account of the necessity of preparing the above lithograph. ANSWERS TO PROBLEMS PUBLISHED APRIL 16. All the problems of that date have been answered correctly by Swamps and Dorothy Dingles. 10.050. Charade, by ft. Peake-Ant-hem= Anthem.-Correct answers by Stanley Skipper, Josephine, Burnside, M. Quad, Columbine, Citizen, Mac, J. H. Battams, Anonymous, Student, Canopus, H. A. L., Mount Mnrchlson, Rebus. 10.051. Prose Charade, by Swamos-Ram-rod= Ramrod.-Correct answers by Bumside, Columbine, Citizen, Canopus. 10.052. Numerical Charade, by Naneibell-Re strain.-Correct answers by Josephine, Burnside, M. Quad, Columbine, Citizen, Mac, Student, Canopus jH. A. L.. Rebus. 10.053. Logogriph, by Jacob Faithful-Astray Stray-Tray-Hay-Ay- Y(V)-Correct answers by Josephine, Burnside, M. Quad, Columbine, Citizen, Student, Canopus, H. A. Rebus. . 10,054. Enigma, by Abtfah-A Goose,-Correct answers by Stanley Skipper, Josephine, Burnside, M. Quad,-Citizen, Student, H. A. L., Rebus. 10.055. French Cryptograph, by Student-Sou venez-vous de votre naissance, carelle vous impose des devoirs; souvenez-vous de vos anc£tres, afln de suivre leur exemple; mala ne vous imagines pas qu lis vous ont laissti leur glolre comme un heritage dont vous pouvez jouir dans l'oisivete.-Ma.r montelle.-Correct answers by Josephine, M. Quad, Columbine, Mac, Anonymous,!!. A.L., Rebus. 10.056. Algebraical, by Kappa-The number sought is 739.-Correct answers by Mac, J. 11. Battams, Equator, Trig, H. A. L., Rebus. NOTES AND CORRESPONDENCE. The new problems, Ac., sent by the fallowing cor respondents are acknowledged with thanks: Citizen, Jo Murna(4), Canopus. Correct answers to all the problems published April 9 were received from Rebus too late to be acknowledged last week. No. 10,003. This ingenious problem will not be found difficult of solution after the first or any one of the five concealed words has been found. The cross lines forming the "Chilian Star" could not be set up with ordinary type, but the reader can rule them in pencil, and that will aid him in finding tha answer. INITIAL INTERPRETATIONS. We invited our readers to furnish fanciful inter pretations of tbe initials O P Q-P Q R-Q R S, subject to the following restrictions:-1. That there shall be no intervening word between those that are interpretative. 2. That interpretations in verse shall not exceed two lines. S. That those in prose shall not exceed twenty words. We publish the following this week: OP Q. O, People, Quench this flame of curiosity About a human Demon's mad atrocity. Jo Murna. On Puerile Questions let the big wigs squabble. I heed them as I hetd a turkey s gobble. Oh, Paltry QuackB, when will your boasting cease? 'Tie but the senseless hissing of the geese. Pore's GHOST. OPQ-PQR-QRS. O Pray Queen Mab come back again. And bring wee fairies in your train. Pluck Queenly Roses pure and sweet, With bluebells in their robes so sweet; And Quaff Rich Syrup, lioneydew, 'Neath mushroom tents both bright and new. B. S. S. "Catsmeat." cried the costermonger. "But." exclaimed Old Peter Quickham, " have you no dogs meat!" " That's a Pnzzling Question," Replied tbe former. " Howsomedever, dogs meet wnen you and that other cur am togither." " That have given him his Quietus," Roared Sam, the tinker. QUIDKUKC. QRS. Quite Recently Some Questionable Rogues Stole Quietly Bound Sam Quup's Rural Seat, Queens cliff-R. S. 