Scenes on the .. ^hine'. Julian Hawthorns Writes of Colognp ' and Bonn. Tho Mo3t Magnificent Specimen of GotUir Arohitocturo In tlio World— TIioKut* lotion of a Worse's Corjiio r.nd Want Caaio of It. It waa quite dark lent; before we reacUti Cologne, writes Julian ilav.thoine ; in fact ii waa near midnight, and nothiiifi could bi seen &b; we approached the city bjt lightn, gradually multiplying The great cathedra! was invisible, but when wo cmcrucci from thr railway station, beheld I there it rosa directly over our bonds, a mighty cY.il of oarven Etone ascending to rnd lociup; itself in the darknes3Of thomidni;;htttty. We gazed and clambered into our Whg^ons aud wero driven around tho Zulicha 1'i'alz (vvbich contains not only the catbedr.,1, hut the establish ments of the various firms which profeEB to sell tbe only genuine cologne water), and through some narrow and ceviouo streets to our hotel, situated about a quorter of a mile away. After a mouthful of supper there was nothing for tbe moment bs bed, and to bed we went. Our beda were of the familiar (Jer man pattern, ehort and narrow, with a wedge-shaped pillow and a wadded coverlid ; but we slept the dreemlcEB sleep of exhaus tion. The next morni&n; we took the train to tbe university town of Bonn, twenty mileB away. Ab we left Oologne end got out into tho plain the vast mass of tbe dihedral, with its twin towetB, roee higher and higher above the roofs of tha surrounding city until at length the city sunk altogether out of Bight sod tbo cathedral alono remained and possessed the horizon. Tbe proportions of this wonderful H'ruoturo are bo perfect that it io impossible, while, in itB immediate vioinity, to realise its enormous dimensions. They aro revealed only by dietanoe, but when they are revealed they almost eurpaEB expectations. It is be yond question the most magnificent of gothic architecture that the world baa ever seen— ono of tbe few creations of man that nbsc lately satisfy the cravc-n of the human mini for perfection. Bonn is ono of the prettiest of university towns, with long, ehady ovenuoa and bandeome vill&a; in tho outskirts. The collogo building!, tire of the simplest architec ture. The broad llbine, of a yellowish green hue, hurrien by on one Bide, and a fev? miles farther up ricea the mountain ot tha Dracbenfels, with its ruined eiiatle on tho tUQjmit. At tho little church on the hill near Bonn there was r. wido vise over a broad and fer tile plain for tho members of tho expedition tbat visited it. The cathedral roce like a dintaat moan tain peak on the horizon. The Rhine flowed through tha laudsocpo in a long carve, and ulonj; its banks crept tbrco oi four regiments of bnpsars engaged in Borne drill inauaiuvren, Thero weio masses of clouds ia the alty and nhadows and sunfchiuc Hated acroi's the face of the earth. A fresh westerly biaza waa blowing and tbo at mosphere waa exhilarating. We descended iu tfco orypt. of the church, where tha dead mocks lay in ocllins on each tide of thfl dark snd nr.rrow vault. The flesh had driud and shrivelled upon their hnnGP. mill Ihoir rrarmnnlB lm/1 nnrtltr nrnm. bled to pieces with age, bin the expression and obnracter of each face was iimerved, nnd the bight, strange to eny, wna'not riieogrcU' able. Tha withered feces had an a?peot ol profound peace. Each figure lay with bis haiids folded across bia breast. Ono of them, however, had died of lorkjuw, and bis nioulli wflB wido open, giving him a tuost sitipular and Rrotctque nppearanco. There wan also a Btovy connected with this indi vidual. An Englishman with a mania foi relics had broken oil a thumb from thia body and carried it away, but many ycora after ward be bad sent it back with tho request that it be restored to itu proper owner, p.nd adding that miefortune had pursued him over since be bad committed the robbery. Tbo ghost of the outraged moi k bad given him no rest. So there Hen the thumb on the withered brentst, and tho letter is preserved in tho orohivea ot tbe ohurob. The am in!) la little prieet who told us the leqcml emilcd at us as be told it with a childish pleasure in this confirmation of tbe reality of his re ligion. It wns a memorable scene — tbe dark crypt, lighted only by the lantern in the bauds of our guide, the ilueky ootpssa in tbciv open coli'ins and tbe cil&nt; crowd gazing and listening. Returning to Bonn vre p,ot into c tivei oteamer, under tbo guidance and by tbe in vitation of tbe American Consul nt Cologne, a gentleman wbo throughout treated us with tbo utmost cordiality and attention, end proceeded up tho river to tbo DmcbenfelB. The ruin of DrachenfeU allows the cmoE. ing massivcncBB with wkir.b tbe old builders built. Only a fragment oi the town romains, rising straight up from the virlic&l; face ot tbe preoipico for oixty feet, but ho truo are tbe lines and bo ponderous tha workmanship tbat it may well stand as it is now for an other thousand yeois. Wo ol&icbtrcd; aad rambled over it, and tha pboto;rnphc7 took our photograpuu, and wo uiado very merry in the old robber ettouybolO, wliero the nobla robbers themselves had been merry centuries before. But the hour oatne when we must depart, and before long we found ourEelves book in Cologne, with tho memory of a day on the Rhine tbat will never fade away. 