=== a photographic enlargements. The popular desire to possess photo graphic pictures of oneself and relatives is by no means absent from tho people of tho colony, and the administering to the desire oflors a wide field for business investment and activity. The small cartes-de-visito, which in the past were the height of tho ordinary individual's ambition in the portrait line, havo, however, now given place to a inoro extended typo of pieturo, and tho possession of enlargements is tho summit of many a . family's picture- collecting hopes. Amongst other firms in tho city by whom a largo and inorcasing trade is carried 011 in the production of these articles is tho Crown Bromide Enlargement Company, of Camden Buildings, George-street. /Tlio fame of tho work turned out by tho firm has apparently readied far and wide, and numerous portraits, frequently very old-fashioned and faded, are sent from " away back " to bo reproduced and enlarged as a bromide or opal picture. Tills necessitates the muiutcnanco of a largo staff of retouchers, artists, operators, and all tho other specialists of tho photographic business in addition to numerous clerks and similar officers, framers, glaziers, and many others. Under the management of Mr. M. Blow the company has three establishments all fully occupied, and in which every branch of tho work can bo accomplished from tho "taking" of tho original negative to tho completion, framed, glazed and packed for dispatch, of the finished bromide in any size from medallion to life, and larger if desired. Tho capability to undertake such a largo order and execute it promptly and efficiently is porhaps tho greatest recommendation that can bo given to a firm, and tho fact that -the orders for enlargements alono reach a thousand in tho courso of three orfour weeks speaks volumes for tho public appreciation of tho firm's work. It is contended by tho en largement company that no matter how faded a portrait may bo wlion tlioy receive it, an enlargement can bo made from it and finished oft either as an ordinary bromido plato, a crayon drawing, or an oil-painted portrait. In their showrooms tlioy possess many interesting specimens of originals from which reproductions havo been made, the originals boing little moro than ghosts bo far us (he niillinrs of tho portrait am coucuiMiii. Tina lading away of tho figure caii never occur, it is claimed, .in any of tho bromido or other en largements, and all work sent out by tho Crown Bromido Enlargement Company is guaranteed to bo absolutely permanent in character, nothing short of destruction pure and simpio eradicating tho outlines of faco and form. 