CHAPTER XV. "Resolve agamßt it aB you will, Suspicion clings in the mind." Sir Eustace eat at his breakfast table sore, perplexed, and Mrs. Wey bridge watched him. with an eye of roguish amusement. The cause of annoyance was an epistle in th« French language written in a handwriting so eccentric as to be almost illegible. Sir Eustace's knowledge of the tongue his correspondent employed waB but elementary, and a far better French soholar than he might easily have found the scrawl oppressive. " For pity's sake, Julia, do see if you can make head or tale of this," he ex- claimed at last, pushing the' letter across the table. " What is it ?'' asked his sister. " It's from De Hönde Lereoux. Con- found him !" the baronet answered. " The beggar knows my French isn't good for much. He can write just as good English as I can when he has a mind, and he sends me this abominable scrawl to pa\\* me out, 1 suppose, for having given him the trouble to write it," " Monsieur le Viconte," said the lady. .'Avery charming man, and quite capable, I'm sure, of writing a very oharming letter«" ' "Oh, I dare say," Sir Eustace admitted, " tho letter's charming enough if one could only read it." " Let me try," said his sister. She pored over the letter for a moment, and then looked up with a little spirit of laughter. " EuBtace," she paid, " you have been airing your French." " Airing my French P" he demanded, with an aspect half hangdog, half defiant. " What do you mean by that?" " You know perfectly well what I mean," his sister retorted. .'?" You have been writ- ing to Monsieur le Vioonte in his native language." " Does he say so," inquired Sir Eustace. " Oh, dear no," the lady answered. " He doesn't say so, but the letter does. It is written in a most admirable copy of your own style. The pastiche is excellent. Listen." She read aloud, stopping to laugh from time to time. " Je viens d'avoir reçu une lettre de vous, mon cher camarade,.et je m'empresse de vous repondre. J'ai dans mon ceil un hi mme qui est le vrai homme pour vous. Je vous l'enverrez de suite. C'est un homme très sobre, très discret très honnête, et bien expérimenté. Il a été dans mon service pour six ans. Son age est quarante quatre, ses yeux sont gris, sa moustache est grisâtre, mais il ne se grise jamais." *.* I can make all that out," said Sir Eus- tace, " except the last sentenoe. What have his eyes and his moustache to do with it ?" "They serve to herald a bad joke," the lady responded, " which is the only flaw in the whole production." "Is that the lot of itf Sir Eustace asked« i " That is all, except the customary Frenoh flourish at the end -in which jou are besought to,believe that Monsieur le Viconte tenders-you . his most high con- sideration " "Well," demanded her brother, "what is there to laugh at P" " Nothing whatever if you choose to be grave about it. But who ÍB the man lie is sending ?" "Oh," returned Sir Eustace, "I'm not satisfied with Lawrence's management of the vineries. I had set my heart on the first prize at the country show, and that confounded young parvenu of a Bogers ras beaten me hollow, so. I wrote to Lereoux asking him tc recommend me a first-rate man." " Well, Eustace, you haye an excellent vinery, and the Viconte may send you ;an excellent man, but we shall always beat you at Wellsted." " Welleted !" cried her brother, with a jovial scorn, " Wellsted ! Why, I'd beat Wellsted if I had nobody but myself ! to depend on. You can grow a decent black Hamburg, but even there .1 beat .you. And where's your-" " Don't be quite so overwheming, Eus- tace. I challenge you now. Meet us at Colchester, and we will meet you at Wor- cester. Off our own ground we can't com- pete for prizes, but we can ask for judg- ment." " Done 1" cried lier brother. " That's a bargain. Come in. Well, what is it ?" A servant entered, and stood for a moment with a hand upon the door. " There's a person to see you, Sir Eustace. He seems to be in charge." " Officer with him ?" " Yes, Sir Eustace." " Send him into the library. Some jus- tice business, J suppose, though its absurdly early for it. " I'll see to it at once if you'll excuse me, Julia." His sister assenting, he walked across the hall and into the library, where an officer, with that stolid air of impassivity which seems inseparable from the British policeman on duty, saluted bim. " What is your business ?" the baronet inquired. " This individual," began the officer, in- dicating his charge. " " I decline to be nominated as an indi- vidual," the charge broke in in foreign sounding but fluent English. "I am a person of respectable antecedents and position." He was a man under the middle height, with a huge grey mousatche and a face the color of a Normandy pippin. He accom- panied his description of himself with vivid gestures, and looked as if, for one reason or another, his temper had passed the boiling point. "What is the business?" Sir EuBtace asked again. " This individual," the policeman began once moré. " Permit me to explain," said the^ittle man, very pale beneath his brown, and his eyes sparkling with excitement. Have I the honor to address Sir Eustace Wyn comb ?" ..' " That ia my name." " Then," pursued the little man, with an astonishing volubility of tone, " I have the further honor to present to Sir Eustace Wyncomb letters of recommendation and introduction from my honored friend and patron the Viconte de Bonde Lereoux. Sir Eustace Wyncomb will observe"-he pressed an open letter into tue baronet's hand-"that my name is Andre Dom; that I am full of experience in the matter in which Sir Eustace desires assist- ance ; that my terms are 400f : per month, with maintenance ; and that, if terms should be concluded, I am willing at once to enter on my duties." All this the rapid,* French-toned voice delivered with a wrathful emphasis* whioh seemed to be directed towards the stolidly impassive officer, who was just as much impressed by it as a dead tree might have been. After the mention of the name Andre Dom, the baronet heard not a word. He saw at once what had happened. The name of this fiery little Frenchman had got him into misohief. " Officer," he said, " where do you come from?" " Dover, sir." "You knew that a certain Andre Dom was charged with the wilful murder of George Redwood ?" " Yes, sir." * " And you arrested this gentleman, or he was arrested, on account of the identity of name ?" " Just so, sir." " Well, 1 suppose you'll take my word for it, that this is not the man or anything like him. Wait a moment." He opened and read the letter the indignant new- comer had foroed upon him. It came from his friend the Viconte, and was couched in English, a trifle too severely academic to have been written by anybody exoept a foreigner or a country schoolmaster. It recommended the bearer in the highest terms. " You have made a mistake," Baid Sir Eustace, addressing himself to the con- stable. " This gentleman comes to me recommended by a French nobleman, an intimate friend of mine. What on earth," he asked, "made even the police suppose that a man who had committed a murder here would be carrying about a letter of introduction to me ?" " The inspector thought," said the police- man,-. " that he .might . carry- tho - lette.r to evade suspicion." . " And go about," said .Sir Eustace, " under his own name for the same pur- pose 1 I presume you haye some eort of business somewhere. '. You may see to it." The officer withdrew, surrendering bia prey with a reluctant; eye. " Well, Monsieur Dom," paid Sir Eustace, when they were alone. "My friend speaks very highly of your capacity, and if your terms are as satisfactory aB your testi- monials I shall be happy to secure your services." Monsieur Dom repeated the statement of his termB, and Sir Eustace closed with him. "You'd like to see the vineries at once, I daresay," and Dom assenting, Sir Eus- tace summoned his sister, and the three set out together, the baronet on the way re- lating the curious adventure by which Dom's arrival had been marked. " Is y ours a common name ?" he asked. " It is not uncommon," the Frenchman responded. "I have met many who bear it, though never with my own prénom." " You may find the - name a little un- popular at drat," his employer said, laugh- ingly, " hut you may live that down." " I will try to hope so, Sir Eustace," the li ttl o man answered. They came to the vineries, a trio of enthusiasts, and the hew arrival left them in no doubt as to hie theoretical acquaint- ance with his duties. He continued to please both Sir Eustace and his sister, and after an hour's talk was formally in- stalled. The vineries wero extensive, and it was evident to the expert's accustomed eye that they had not only been mismanaged but neglected. He found his hands full for two or three weeks, and during that time saw next to nothing of his new environ- ment. When the first ru«h of work was over, however, he found time to make himself acquainted with .the village and its inhabitants, and since he turned out to be of a singularly jovial, sunny and friendly disposition he found himself in a very little time in agreeable relations with the best people of the place. He found that the staple of the village conversation was even now supplied by the details of the mysterious murder of George Redwood, and by the unexpected and aston- ishing return of one John Hetheridge, who had been supposed long ago to have perished in the Australian bush. Now, it happened that Monsieur Dom had been acquainted with a person of that name who to his own belief had come to an end in a like manner, and he experienced a natural interest in the man long be- fore he saw him. He made dose inquiries about John Hetheridge's aspect, and the answers he had received confirmed his first belief. The ignorance of the villagers with respect to: the locality in whioh Hetheridge had been lost was complete. Not one of them could, tell him so much as the name of the colony, but the name and the date both coincided, and he was pretty sure that the returned John Hetheridge could be none other than his old employer. He was passing one day in front of Mrs. Redwood's house of mourning, and paused to look ' at - the operations at that instant going on there. The garden was littered with articles of furniture bound in straw. A huge furniture van stood before the gate, and two men were staggering along the path bearing a high cottage piano between them. It was evident that Mrs. Redwood was on the move, and making that depar- ture from the scene of her life's tragedy ?which, he knew from common gossip sne had had in contemplation these two months past.' The fact that a man bearing his own name, had been the author of the tragedy gave an interest to it which it would not otherwise have possessed for him,' and he was speculating as to who this mysterious undiscoverable name- sake of his might have been, when a horse's foot fall on the .frost hardened road reached his ear and he turned round to face John Hetheridge. " Aha," he cried, running forward to meet him. " I had learned that you were not dead after all. It is a? strange chance that .throws us together again. You will allow me, Mr. He th eric ge, to congratulate you upon your escape." . At the sound of his first greeting, Hetheridge started violently in his saddle, stared with dilating eyes and then changed color. He recovered himself in a moment, and leaning over the horse's neck stretched out à hand, which the Frenchman grasped warmly. " How are you, Mr. Dom?" he asked. "When I saw you first I took you for a ghost. I suppose," he added, with a clumsy laugh, " you noticed how you startled me at first. The truth is that ever since that adventure in the bush and the long illness that came af ter it I've been as nervous as a cat." " No wonder," said Monsieur Dom, sym- pathetically, " I am myself experienced. I should know. I was bushed for three days. There is nothing more horrible. Ah, my dear sir, I know, I know." Hetheridge dismounted and tethered his horse to the railings. ...?rv-,. ? I have business here," he said; ".and I muBb go in for a little time, but T mustn't forget to ask what: brin gs :you here ?" "I," returned Dbm, " am; the employee of Sir Eustace Wyncomb. I have care of his vinery, lt is pleasant. It will not be hard work. 1 shall grow a grape the finest in the world. I could make from it a wine which the Count of Monte Christo could not afford to drink. It would cost him £50. lt is you English for spending money on your elegant luxuries. Eh?" 1 " Yes," I suppose so," said Hetheridge. " We'll meet again ; I am stopping at the Black Bull. If you care to look in there in an hour's time you'll find me." He had no liking or affection, for the man. Save for himself and Ellice Red- wood, he had no liking or affection for anybody. The sudden appearance of the man whose name he had adopted filled his mind with crawling and insinuating fears. The undetected criminal'is always a terror to himself. He starts at shadows and sees in every bush an officer. The phantom hand hovers above his shoulder whether he sleep or wake, and at any second, to his fancy, the phantom may grow into sud- den flesh and bone, and fall with the inexorable fiat of the law. Unspoken words haunt the eaves of expectation. " You are my prisoner." The words wait always on the threshold of the ear. They tingle in every pulse. The wide air holds them meshed in silence, and they are al way B ready to escape. Hetheridge had begun to learn already that a murderer's bitterest penalty is to go scot free. The mere denunciation, trial, and hanging of the common villain would have been mercy compared to the fate which his own devi- lish astuteness, had adjudged him. He had no liking or affection for the man and yet he must needs meet bim and be friendly with him, if only out of supersti- tion. He had stolen bis hame- the name of the first Frenchman with whom he had ever been on anything like familiar terms, and here, as if by. a .miracle, was the legi- timate bearer of it carrying in bis very presence an unconscious challenge and reproach. . ¡ Monsieur Dom dropped in at the'Black Bull, the flavor of whose excellent cup of cognac he was already acquainted with, and there awaited Hetheridge's arrival. The landlord of this Bull was always ready for a chat, and Dom, after the man- ner of his nation, was inclined to be loqua- cious about things which were of no special moment, though-still like his nation-he could be secretive enough when he chose. "I have met your Meester Hetheridge," said Dom. " He is, as I guessed he would be, the gentleman I knew. It was to me he spoke his last word before riding away to get lost in the bush. Life is a curious thing that brings tts two again together after so long time and so far away." " Yes," the landlord assented. "It's a bit queer altogether, Mr. Dom. It's a very odd thine: that two French men bearing the same name should come into a little place like this. One right on topof another. I wonder where that bloodthirsty old party is. You never saw anybody as looked' less likely to com- mit a murder.' A mild spoken, quiet mannered queer old ohap as ever you'd wish to see. Bent double he was, too, pretty nigh, with his old fists a quavering on his walkin' stick. . He looked as if he couldn't hur* a ohild, even if he'd a wanted to. Couldn't hardly speak a word of Eng- lish. There was 'ardly anybody, save Mr. Redwood, as could understand him when he talked. I suppose the thing will Btop a mystery now since it's gone so far. But the thing as'H alias puzzle me is what the old boy done it for. The.two was always friendly in a sort- o' way. . There was no notion about robbery. Poor Mr. Redwood's watch and chain, and bis .pocketbook,: with £35 in it in Bank of England notes, and the money in his pockets--why, they was all there to a Jd." ' Monsieur Dom sipped his cognac and pulled reflectively at. his pipe of ' sweet caporal. Yes," he said j " it is strange j it is very strange." He had fallen into an odd mood, and he sat with Ci curious expectation, á sense he could not have defined, though it had been to save his life. It was as if a man should sit in a twilight chamber with almost1 a surety that by-and-bye a door would open and show him some unheard of thing. The landlord, pleased with the listener, went on " There's the murder-that's a queer thing. There's that old Frenohman oomin' from nobody know's where, to do it, and goin' nobody knows where, when it's done-and that's a queer thing. There's you, as different from the mah as light from dark, comin' in among us,' and bring- ing his name back again. And then as queer as any of 'em, here's Mr. Redwood's old friend, reckoned to be dead this two years, turning up two days after the mur- der like a ghoBt. I'm --said the land- lord, *' if ever I heard of such a lot of ' queer things together in all my life." " Mr. Hetheridge," asked Dom, " was the friend of the man who was killed P" " Brought up together,'' the landlord answered. " Pretty much like brothers, till they was two, - pr - three and twenty. They had a bit of a tiff later on about the young lady poor Mr. Redwood married. They both wanted her, and Mr. Redwood got her. The other man, he went out to Australia." - " And was lost for two years," said Dom. " That is a long time to be lost for." " Yes," said the landlord, frothing out a mug of beer for-himself, "it's a longish time ; but when you come to think about it it's natural enough. . The poor man seems to have got a sunstroke in the wilds out there. I've heard him say he didn't re- member even his, own name when he got into his right mind again." There was the open door ! But standing in the light it gave or seemed to give was an imagination so monstrous, so unfounded, so gratuitously impossible and absurd, that Monsieur Dom waved it imperatively on one side and declined to look at it. " Could not remember bis own name," said the landlord. " And so took mine I" The words sprang into Dom's mind, and were almost at his lips before he Baw how wild they would have sounded if spoken, how mad they seemed even to his own fancy. This H etheridge bad known him ; André Dom had vanished for two years from the sight of the world, and had reason to hate' Redwood, had come to the scene of the murder within two days of its perpetration. Well, what was there in all that? The root of the ridiculous fancy, of which it would be wise to breathe no word. For the next 10 minutes the landlord had the talk entirely to himself. Monsieur Dom talked assiduously, stroking his huge moustache and grunting. yes or no at random. At the end of that time Hether- idge entered, and the Frenchman awaking from his reverie plunged into talk with him. " Our good friend, the patron," he said, "has been telling, nie that .you suffered from a sunstroke from your wanderings in the bush." "Yes," said Iletheridge, with averted face. " You'd have thought. it too late in the year for that, wouldn't you ? But 1 remember one or two blazing days." Was that fancy; the little Vigneron asked himself, or was, it humbug,? He remembered the long and. painful search for the missing man, and he recalled it minutely, detail by detail. Hot weather for the season of the year undoubtedly, but hot enough for sunstroke, possibly he thought at last. There was no knowing precisely what might happen to a man weakened by want and exposure. He decided that he suspected nothing. That as an honorable and clean minded man, he had no right to suspect anything. The fancy which had attacked, him was no better than an intrusive madness. He would let it go. But all the same it clung. ' i * *_._ I 