SPORTING. V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. SECOND DAY. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT) Melbourne, July 17. The Y.R.O. concluded its grand national meeting on Saturday, before only a fair atten- dance. The Government House party were again present. The weather was dull and cold until after the big race, when it commenced to rain and continued throughout the day. Havilah was a strong favourite for the Hurdle Race, but was unable to get a place in a field of twenty-one. Eighteen started for the Grand National Steeplechase. Mr. Miller scratched Sir Wilfred and his other horsos, depending on Redleap only, and he started favourite, although a heavy commission went on Freeman and Boulevard. The race was a chapter of accidents all through, but lucidly nono of the jockeys were injured. Dr. Cortis's horse, The Duke, was killed, and Harrie Aulh also came down, so the doctor had bad luck, as he had backed both horses. Redleap made his own running for the last milo, end won with the greatest of ease by twentv lengths. Boulevard did not jump well, but Freeman and Beggar Boy were both going well when they fell. The former came down at the second jump, but was re- mounted aud jumped faultlessly afterwards. It is doubtful, however, if anything could have beaten the winner. Gresford was a strong favourite for the July Handicap, but could only get second to Competency, who finished last in her race on the previous Saturday. The following are the results of the various events : Open Hurdle Race ; about 2 Miles. S. H. Gollan's dun g. Kimberle}1! Hot. 111b. .(Moore) 1 w! T. Jones'« .ch.g. Buttons, 9st. 101b. . .. (Ferguson) 2 S ' Gr. Cook's h.g. The Pioneer, lOst. 31b. .(Mr. Brewer) 8 The other starters were Nooroo, Ellerslie, Crossrail, Killarney, Lyndhurst, Havilah, Donald, Pateena, Pilot, Vimiora, Banda, Star of Erin, Titokowaru, Tayforth, Osric II., Shy lock, Gipsy Girl, and Mamba. Betting": 5 to 2 v. Havilah, 4 to 1 Nooroo, 5 to 1 Donald, 8 to 1 Pilot, 10 to 1 the others. Banda, Star of Erin, and Havilah made tho running alternately to the turn, where tho favourite was done with, and Kimberley coming on won easily by a length, a neck separating the second and third horses. Havilah was a bad fourth, and Lyndhurst fifth. Time 3miu. 62scc. Luv» Handicap, 0 Furlongs. W. T. Jones's eh.g. Gresford, S.it. 31b. .(J. Anwin) 1 S. G. Cook's b.g. The Harbour Light, 7st. 101b. .(Hayes) 2 A. Taylor's b.c. Berrigan, 7st. 8lb. (G. Anwin) 3 The other starters were Wild Rose, Glad' stone, Tho Seif, Epi, Accidont, Sir John, Thought, Bliss, Buzzi, Knolhvood, Target, Urith, Town Talk, Chopstick, Phryne, Leah, and Wonga. Betting : 5 to 1 Berrigan, G to 1 Gresford, 7 to 1 Accident and Gladstone, 8 to 1 Tho Harbour Light, 10 to 1 Urith, Thought, Sir John, and Epi, 12 to 1 Bliss and the others. Epi and The Harbour Light made most of the running, but Gresford carne through at the distance, and won easily by two lengths. The Serf was fourth, and Gladstone, Bliss, and Wild Rose next in that order. Time, lmin. lö'Jsec. Grand National Steeplechase ; about 3 miles. H. A. Bellamy ns. Redleap, 13.3, including . 101b. penalty.(Mr. W. S. Cox) 1 J. Piles'» Coulidonce, lOst. 101b. (Mr. A. Reed) 2 G. M. Wilson's Wellington, list. 61b. . .. .. (P. Keating) 3 The other Btarters wero Freeman, Shanks, Beggar Boy, Schoolboy, Jack's the Lad, Boulevard, The Duke, Esmond. Rob Roy, Blister, Egjptian, Tonent, Harrie Aulh, Macduff, Rufus, and Cocoanut. Betting : 0 to 2 v. Redleap, 6 to 1 Boulevard and Freeman, 10 to 1 Beggar Boy, 12 to 1 Jack's the Lad, 14 to 1 Confidence, 20 to 1 tho others. When going, Egyptian led to the first jump, Where he fell ; and Freeman caine down at the next fence, hut was remounted. Harrie Aulh, Jack's the Lad, and Cocoanut came to grief at the next fence. Rob Roy lod Schoolboy, The Duke, and Redleap past the sheds, vvhereBlistor came down, and Tho Duke fell at the first jump in the straight and broke his neck. Rob Roy showed the way over tho treble, Schoolboy being close up, with Redleap, Torrent, Beggar Boy, Wellington, Rufus, Confidence, Shanks, Boulevard, and Esmond next, and Freeman last. BufuR fell at the bridgo, where Rob Roy and Redleap were fighting for tho load. At tho sheds Redleap drew out with a lead of a dozen lengths, and confidence went in pursuit at the turn. Redleap, however, waa full of running, and landing over the last fence safely won easily Uy seven iengths from Confidence, twenty lengths separating the second and third horses. Boulevard waa fourth, with School- boy, Torrent, Rob Hoy, and Freeman next. Time, Gmin. íójscc. July Handicap; 1 mile. 3\. T. Carslako'a blk.f. Compotency, 7st. 31b. _.(Trainor) 1 W.T. Jonfiü'och.c. Gresford,8st.71b, (J. Anwin) 2 H. A. Bellamy's ch.f. Wiora, 7st. Dib. (Ray) 3 The other starters wore Aurelius, Little Bob, The Swell, Sligo, Rossal!, Litigant, Dillon, Yarran, Froudo, Daniel, Jack, Graduate, En- ticement, Villiers, Gaudy, Fuss, Albina, Mul- grave, and Chopstick. Betting: 2 to 1 v. Gresford, 5 to 1 Villiers, ß to 1 Competency, 10 to 1 the othors. Yarran made the running to the turn with Competency and Gresford, but the latter diod out from the distance, and Compelency won easily by a length and a-half. Yairan was fourth. Time, lmin. 43Aseo. Open Flemington Steeplechase ; about 2 miles. 3\. W. Edge's b.g. Fearless II., list. 71b. . .. .. ,.(J.S. Edfie) 1 A. Drumard'B bl.h. F.gyptian, lOst. 81b. -..,.., ?. ,-. .. (Corrigim) 2 J. Cody s ch.g. St. Clair, lOst. 61b. (Burko) 3 The other starters wero Deburg, Pure Grit, Transit, Belle Swiveller, and Skylight. ? Betting: 5 to 2 v. Fearless II., 4 to 1 Sky- light, 5 to 1 Belle Swiveller and Egyptian. Won easily by 2 lengths. Deburg and Pure Grit fell. Time, 4min. 24.Jsee. BREAKFAST CREEK RACES. The Pony and Galloway Association hold their usual weekly race meeting at Breakfast Creek on Saturday afternoon, and although the weather conditions were unfavourable for out- door gatherings there was quite' an average attendance of visitors, and the proceedings were interesting. The ground was very wet and several showers of rain fell during the afternoon, but the programme was got through without any accidents occurring. About £1200 passed through the Challenge Totalisator Machines. Subjoned are details of the racing: Toowo:;o Haxdicap, of 30 sovs., for ponies 13.2 and under; about G furlongs. T. Cummings lis. cli.m. Zenobia n., 13.2, 5 years, 7st. 71b.(Cannon) 1 F. W. Robitison ns. b.g. Redbank, 13.2, C years, lOst. 01b.(Robinson) 2 H. Sanders ns. ch.m. Bessie, 33.2, aged, Cst. 101b. . (Whybird) 3 The other starters were Roxana, 8st.; Kate, 7st. 101b.; Bohemian, Gst. Sib.; and Betty II., Cst. From a very even start Bohemian was the first to move, and led past the stand front Zenobia and Kate. At the back of the course Roxana made a run towards the front, but dropped back again, and Zenobia and Bessie I were the first to show in the straight in front of Redbank, Zenobia winning after a great battle by a neck from Redbank, Bessing being a close third. Time, Imin. llsec. Dividend, £2 Ida. Taiu:;oa Handicap, of 35 sovs.; for galloways 14.2 «id under; about 44 furlongs. H. A. Walsh ns. ch.m. Clove, 34.2,4 years, 8st. . (M'Nainnra) 1 J. Stone ns. b.g. Sparkle, 14.3, aged, Tst. 51b. .. .. .(Flood) 2 A. Down's b.in. Mystery, 14.2, aged, 7st. 121b. . (R. Gibson) 8 Master Lisgar, 8st. 41b.; Miss Pettendrigh, 8st. 31b.; A. G., 8st.; Chance, 7st. 121b.; Casseno, Get. 71b.; fink II., Cat.; Micky, Cat., and Muezzin, Cst., also started. Clove and Mystery got off together in front from a fairly good start, and raood together past the stand and out of the straight. At the back Clove had Mystery in trouble, and coming away at tho liome turn won easily by a length and a-half from Sparkle, who reached tho post a head in front of Mystery. Time, Imin. OJsec. Dividend, £2 13s. Albion Hindicat-, of 10 sovs., for ponies 18.3 and under; about 5 fnrloiigs. W. F. Collins ns. blk.f. lilacl: Augel, 13.3, 3 ) ears, 8st.-Jib.(Tuckur) 1 J. Stone ns. blk.g. Risk, 13.3, 2 years, Gst.71b. . (Flood) 2 T. Blacklock's gr.g. Moonlight, 13.3, G years, 8st. 111b. (Strickland) S The' other starters were-Whisper Low, 8st. lib.; Curlew, 7st. 121b.; Myee, 7st. 121b.; Violet II., Gst.; and Bertie, Gst. After the ponies had broken away several times, the flag was lowered to a very bad start, Black Angel and Bertie being the first to leave the mark, while Moon- light and Bisk were left several lengths behind. Black Angel and Bertie led from Myee to the back of the course, where Bertie was beaten, and Bisk, who had made up a lot of ground, tackled the leader at the home turn. Hero, too, Moonlight, who had run through his field, got near tho front, and a great race ensued to the post, Black Angel just squeezing homo by a head, the same distance separating second and third. Time, lmin. lO.Jsec. Dividend, £3. Hamilton Handicap, of 13 sovs.; for horses 15 hands und under ; about C furlongs. F. W. Robinson ns. b.g. Laxpiro, 14.2h, 3 vears, 7st. 31b."(Ho'lmes) 1 J. Steelo ns. b.iii. Maggie Landor, 1-1.3}, aged, fist. 71b.(Woodgate) 2 J. Stone ns. b.c. Sparkle, 14,2, aged, Gst." 71b. .. -.(Flood) 3 A. G., 7st. 31b.; Wait-for-me, 7st.; Oriental, Ost. 121b.; Momalt, 7st. 21b.; Dolly II., «st. 51b.; and Aspiration, Gst., also started. Laxpiro had all tho bost of a moderate start, but before entering the straight Maggie Lauder ran up to him, and the pair raced together in front of Sparkle throughout, Laxpiro gotting homo by a neck in tho last stride. Time, lmin. 21J.soc. Dividend, £3. Ci.Ayriw.T) Handicap, of 30 sovs.; for ponios l-l liando and under; about 4J furlongs. J. Lncey's b.w. Emu, 14 bunds, 4 years, Gst. 01b.(Whybird) 1 G. Gibson's b.c. Crusoe, 14 hands, 3 year«, Oat. 71b. (Flood) 2 R. Strickland's ch.m. Bernice, 14 hands, aged, 9st. (Holmes) 3 Darra, 9st. 21b.; My Love, 8st. 41b.; Killar- ney II., 7st. 51b.; Black Angel, 7st. 51b.; Minerva, 7st. 41b.; Curlew, 7st. lib.; Sibyl, Gst. 111b.; and Myra, Gst., woro tho other starters. Crusoe was tho first to move, and led past tho stand and round the bend. At tho back, how- ever, Emu headed him, and keeping the advan- tage to tho end won by a bare length. Bernice being two lougths off third. Time, lmin. lsec. Dividend, £018s. Milton Handicap, of 20 sovs.; for all horses mid galloways; about 1 mile. F. W. Uobuibon's bl.g. Proteuder, 4 yoars, 7st. 61b.(While) 1 J. Steele ns. b.h. Tabooba, 0 years, Ust. 21b. . (Woodgnto) 2 W. C. Hobson ns. b.g. Casscno, aged, Gst. . (Cannon) 3 Only the three started, and Tabooba wa3 made a hot favourite. The trio went off on terms, but after going a few strides Pretender dropped back, and the others went on together. This order remained unchanged until the back of the course was reached for the second timo, when Cassenowns beaten, and Pretender going aftor the favourite caught him at the homo turn, and beat bim home by a nock, aftor a great finish. Time, lmin. 52sco. Dividend, £17s. THE BRISBANE 1I0UNDS. By Draoon, Mr. Echlin was happy in his choice of the line of country hunted over on Saturday, inns much as it was entirely now to everybody taking part in tho chase, and consequently a pleasant change, for suitable country within easy access of the metropolis is not by any means plentiful for our modest one day a week, and a diversion such as thohunton Saturday pro- vided was greedily relished by our local Nimrods. At the outset I must apologise to hunting mon if I fail in my endeavours to chronicle thoir doings on Saturday in a befitting manner, for the simplo roasnn that I was not with them ¡n the flesh, though in spirit. I was compelled, unfortunately, to " hunt on wheols," and finding it dillloult, under tho most favourable conditions, to write up the noble sport, it will bo apparent to thom that my disadvantageous position at their last outing tenders it a still more difficult task. The meet was at Cooper's Plains railway Station, on tho South Coast line, and when the master niado a move with tho paok ho was attended by a tolerably good field. After trotting along the road in the teeth of a blinding shower, tho hounds threw off close to Sunny- bank, and went into the saw-mill paddock close by down the line. They ran through a couple of open fields, when they turned to the right and ran across the Runcorn-road, just below the church, where an awkward doublo presented itself to their followers. Going in a southerly direction for a little while they again turned in, and circling a bit they crossed sovcral small properties and again struck the Buncorn-road, crossing it near the station bealing that name. Wheeling rightwards they ran parallel to the line through Williams's nursery lands, and con- tinued on in the direction of Kurraby, whero they eventually chocked for fifteen minutes. Walking for some little dutance along a by- road leading to the Beenleigh and Waterford road thoy wore thrown into some open country, and shortly brought the field to a couple of big fences in tho vicinity of Daly's, and skirting that homestead ran down tho lovely slope of tho Bed Hill alongside, and crossed the Boon luigh-road at its foot, whero an ugly fence was met, which ono " straight goer" found to his cost An awkward piece of timber, stiff and now | No other nlac will do but this alone; No choteo is luit, go at it, or go home. He went at it ; his horse blundered and pecked badly. The ever ready waterhole was there-so were the horso and the rider, and the latter subsequently went home a dirtier, wetter, and let mo hope a happier man. Across tho road they went, the hounds working beautifully, every nose to the ground. They ran through Mr. Walter Hill's property, heading for the Eight-mile Plains. They then wheeled to tlie right and reciossed the main road a milo below the post office, and ran for a mile south-easterly through soma light timber. Bringing round again through numerous fields, they ran on to Baker's, whcie, I afterwards discovered, " the drag " got bushed. Finding his way out after giving the field a little extra measure, ha emerged on to the road in front of the Eight mile Plains Inn, where they ran into him, thus concluding a very nice run. Our next fixture is for Thursday, on account of the following Saturday having been set apart for the holding of the hunters' trials at the Exhibition Grounds. I think, judging from the number of entries received, and the enthusiasm displayed in hunting circles, that there will be some keen competition for the much coveted trophies offered and so cherished by all true sportsmen. Amongst those who wero out on Saturday, the master was on Pilot, Mr. White on Ruction, Mr. Lambart on Stella, Mr. G. Baynes on Fairfield, Mr. B. E. Fenwick on Spondulix, Mr. Trude on Hero, Mr. A. Barker on The Druid, Mr. H. Goggs on Topper, Dr. Scholes on The Ghost, Mr. M. Goggs on Dahlia, Mr. Newton on Bolivar, Mr. M'Dowall on Ring wood, Dr. Griffin on Common, Mr. Webb on a black horse, Mr. Barter on Guest, and the whip on Blue Peter. FOOTBALL. NORTHERN BUGBY UNION. On Saturday last the Queensland represen- tatives played a game against a strong eighteen on the Union Ground, Bowen Hills, in the presence of a large number of spectators. The rain made the ground very greasy, and the ball soon^ became heavy and slippery, rendering long passing almost impossible. Nevertheless a good game resulted in a victory for the repre- sentative team by 13 points to nil. The first try was secured by A. D. Graham, but the same player's attempt at goal was not successful, Matheson secured the second try after some j excellent passing which Allman converted into a goal, and just boforo the call of time Graham again scored in a good position, from which C. O'Rourkokloked agoal, Robertson, who captained tho Eighteen, played a fine forward game, and was well supported by Yaldwyn, Hadwin, Watson, and Simpson. Tully played very hard at half-back, stopping many dangerous rushes, but ho might have fed his three-quarters a little more. The three quarters played well considering the wet state of the ball, Parry and Austin especially, and Way made an excellent full-back. The team playod well together, and although the back division aro not as good defensive players as could bo wished, they are aro all good on tho attack, and should como off behind a strong forward team. Scarr, Beal, and Beattie will undoubtedly he much missed, and it is a great pity that theso champions of last year's con- tests cannot again take their old places in this year's team. However, the selector has done his best with tho material at his disposal, and there is no doubt the team will make a bold bid for victory. Tho players will leave by tho early morning train to-morrow, breaking the journey at Toowoomba, whoro they play a match in the afternoon for the benefit of the local hospital, continuing thoir journey South by the evening mail. The following particulars regarding the Queensland regresentativos may prove interest- ing : Full Back.-F. Warbrick (Wallaroos), 103t. 81b., a suro tackier, kicks with either foot, vory cool player and can bo doponded on. Three-quarters.-J. O'Shca (Grammar School), list. 21b" very fast and dodgy, hard to stop _ when underway, a good saving back, kicks with cither foot, uncertain in collaring ; P. Sandford {Emus), isa young player with plenty of dash, takes tho ball clean, and feeds his wings well, good kick and fair tackier; H. Paul (Wallaroos), 12st. 101b., tho bost kick in tho team, full of dash, and hard man to stop, good collar, nnd can be relied on, should save his forwards by punting into touch more ; . F. O'Rourke (Grammar School), lOst. 101b., kicks and feeds well, weak on tho defence but a brilliant oIToiibíyo player, a good dodgy runner, can also play at half-back. Half-backs.-C. O'Rourke (Grammar School), lOst. Hb., a most unselfish player, passes with judgment and punts well, rather uncertain in collaring ; D. Allman (Boomerangs) list. 41b., plays at contro-half and is a most consistent feeder, takes the ball well and passes at tho proper time, and good at stopping rushes ; W. Warbrick (Boomorang.s), 12st. 41b., played at full-back last season, kicks and follows up well, good tackier and hard to stop when going. Forwards.-J. H. Stevens (Union Harriers), 18st. 31b., a real hard worker, fair dribbler and always on the ball, good on the line out, in- clined to pick up too much ; A. D. Graham (Grammar School), 12st. 91b., splendid man on the line out, passes, dribbles, and tackles well, and a good all-round man ; Goorgo Henslor (Grammar School), 12st. 21b., one of tho best tacklers in the team, always on the ball, very unselfish, fast in tho open ; George Counsell (Pirates), list. 21b., dribbles well and passes clean, very fast, good tackier, and a good man at helping his backs ; H. Luya (Grammar School), list. 101b., a splendid dribbler, good on tho lino out, always on the ball, good in the open ; G. Matheson (Emus), 13st. 31b., a Canterbury (N.Z.) representative, a most unselfish player and powerful forward, splendid on the line out, is a host in himself ; J. Pattorson (Boomerangs), 12st., a fast showy forward, rather inclined to shirk the scrimmage and to get off side, hut very dangerous to the opposing backs, splendid dribbler ; J. Todd. (Pirates), list. 101b., an honest forward, dribbles well, very unselfish, good man on tho line out ; F. Lyons (Wallaroos), List. 81b., a sterling forward and improves overy match, should use his foet moro, uses his strength in tho sorimmnge ; W. Stevens (Boomerangs), list. 131b., a thoroughly honest forward, fair scrimmager and good in the open, good tacklor. Oxleys v. Rocktons. - This match was played on tho Union Ground, and after a good game resulted in a win for the former club by 15 points to 3. Mr. A. Faulkner officiated as umpire. Occidentals v. Finney, Isles, and Co. After a vory even gomo at the Exhibition Grounds, tho latter olub wero victorious by 5 points to 3. The Stanloy Club met tho Toowongs at Toowong Sports Ground, and, as expected, managed to easily beat the homo team. MINOR RUGBY UNION. Bowen Hills v. Natives.-This match was playod at Breakfast Creek, but owing to the slippery stalo of tho ground very little science was displayed on either side. Dixon crossod the line for tho Bowen Hills, but no goal resulted. Mr. J. Forsyth aotod as umpire. Second Bmohtons v. CoMMEaciALs.-This match was played on the former's ground at I Montague-road, West End, and resulted in a win for tho Brightons by 0 points to nil. II. Diplock and M'Nnir secured lho tries for tho winners, no goals resulting, Tho members of each team played well. Emeralds v. Fiiist Junctions.-This matoh was played on tho Junctions' ground, and resulted in a win for the former by 11 points to 5\. Trios were obtained for tho winners by J. Hoolahan (two) and W. Snoyd (one), ono of which E. Clements converted into a goal ; and for the losers by Joe Brodrick. All played well, but J. Fox, E. Danahcr, E. Dove, and J. Tyrell deserve special mention for the winners. LACROSSE. Brisbanes v. Toowongs (Championship Flag Contest).— The above match was played in the Queen's Park on Saturday last. The following were the teams and their respective posi- tions:— Brisbanes: S. H. Adams (captain), goal; A. G. Jackson, point; R. W. Bale, cover point; J. F. Maxwell, third man; F. Trundle, right defence; J. Hiron, left defence; E. Hewitt, centre; H. Sagar, right attack; G. I. Grice, left attack; T. P. Strickland, third man; S. J. Maxwell, second home; W. Maxwell, home. Toowongs: N. Benson, goal; M. Stanley (captain), point; — Gregory, cover point; T. Stanley, third man; H. Craig, right defence ; W. Craig, left defence; E. Stanley, centre; — Elcock, right attack; R. Benson, left attack; — Townley, third man; E. H. Macartney, second home; T. Neilson, home. The Toowong captain winning the toss chose to defend the goal at the river end. Play commenced at 3.30, the ball being faced off in the usual manner by the centres of the respec- tive clubs. Play was for some time concen- trated in the Brisbane's quarters, where some good play was shown by Macartney, Neilson, and Townley, who tried hard to score, but failed, owing to the stubborn defence of Adams, Jackson, Bale, and J. Maxwell. Macartney, from a pass by Neilson, shot at goal, but was well stopped by Adams, who, with a long throw, sent the ball well up the field. Sagar pro- cured, and passed well up into the Toowong quarters, where some smart passing and dodgy play was shown by the Brisbane attacks, Strickland and S. Maxwell being most con- spicuous. Strickland picked up smartly and passed to Sagar, who in turn passed to W. Maxwell, who with a smart shot sent the ball between the post, this being the first ball for the Brisbanes. The ball again set in motion, but soon a heavy shower fell, and the teams returned for a few minutes. But as the men were thoroughly soaked, it was thought advisable to proceed with the match. Some very fast play now ensued, the Toowong men rallying, Benson, Gregory, Craigs (2), and Elcock doing good work. E. Stanley from a scrimmage picked up and sent the ball down to Neilson, who with a smart shot sent the ball between the posts, making things equal. Half-time was piped, and the usual spell of ten minutes was indulged in. Play was again resumed, the ball being sent well up in Toowong quarters, where Strick- land (Brisbanes) and T. Stanley (Toowongs) were doing excellent work. Strickland picked up and passed to W. Maxwell, who sent the rubber again through the posts, scoring second goal for the Brisbanes. The Toowongs were now on their mettle, rallying and working hard to avert defeat. Give and take play followed, and Strickland passing to S. Maxwell, the latter with a neat shot sent the rubber through the posts, this making the third goal for the Brisbanes. Some good centre play was shown, and Neilson shot at goal but was well stopped by Jackson (goal). Townley passed to Macartney, who shot at goal but failed to score, owing to the excellent goal- keeping of Jackson, who had taken Adams's place, Time was called with the score stand- ing: Brisbanes, 3 goals; Toowongs, 1 goal. The Brisbanes are thus the winners of the first round for the championship flags. Both teams played an excellent game; in fact it was the best game of laorosse ever played here, not- withstanding the sloppy nature of the ground. Spills were very frequent. Messrs. E. H. Decker (referee), Good, and Stoops as goal umpires gave entire satisfaction. CYCLING NOTUS. THE CHAMPIONSHIP MEETING. By "WooniNDA." The handicaps for the Championship meeting of the Brisbane Safoty Club wero published on tho loth instant. In the Novico Race, open to those who have never won a prize, W. Hold stock, riding a roadster pneumáticas on scratch, and W. Maguire has 10 yards. Undoubtedly tho best treated, and from whom tho winner is most likoly to come, aro C. II. Briggs, cushion, UiOyards; G. Weston, cushion, 150 yards; and R. Holdgate, pnoumatio roadster, HO yards. Tho Club Championship, open to mern beis of tho B.S.C. only, will bo ono of tho bost races of tho day, and with such mon as Adam, Minos, Smith, and Maguire, a good race is sure to be witnessed. For the Boys' Race, $ mile, some twelve youngsters will start. W. Robinson, cushion, is on scratch, also J. White, who is riding a pneumatic moor. The limit boys are J. Smith, cushion, 00 yards, and W. Brott, ordinary roadster, 130 yards. In tho Butler Cup, 1 mile, L. H. Isles and Mark Long (Sydney) aro on scratch, but tho men best treated are T. A. White, pneumatic racer, 200yards; W. B. Mines, pnoumatio roadster, 150 yards ; T. II. Barkoll (Sydney), pneumatic raoer, 110 yards; and J. Naylor, pneumatic roadster, 100 yards. Tho Queensland Championship, 3 miles, whioh the Mayor of North Brisbane will start, will bo the lace of tho day. L. H. Isloa is mounted on a Reforoo with Dunlop pnoumatio tiros, and scaling about 231b. J. A. Smith, Mines, Eaton, and Adam will no doubt bo close up, and the raoo will be ono worth witnossing. The Ladies' Bracelet, ¿ milo, riders to bo nominated by ladie«, will bo a grand raoo, as Sydney, Charters Towers, and Warwick riders are ex- pected to start. Robinson, oushlon, 105 yards, 0\. H. Briggs, cushion, 150 yards, and F.*G. R. Newman, cushion, 103 yards, havo good starts. The best of the soratch mon aro Isles, Long (Sydney), on pnoumatio racers; J. A. Smith, 50* yards, roadster pneumatic ¡ T. II. Barkell (Sydney), 55 yards, pnoumatio racor; and II. K." Eaton, 55 yards, pnoumatio racer ; and from one of these, failing the limit men, I expoot the winnor. Tho Grand Handicap, 3 miles, Smith's bioyolo, trophy, a handsomoRothwell pneumatic roadster, is tho first prizo. Thoro is such ,a largo number of entries that it is a difficult job to pick any likely winner, but I am afraid tho long starts of tho limit mon will stand thom in good stead, and tho winnot' will, I think, como from J, Adam, pnonmatlo, 810 yards ; Q. W. Weston, oushion, 030 yards ; R. Holdgate, pneumatio, fl.'lO yards ; with tho scratch men L. II. Isles, M. Long, T. II. Barkell, A. M'Grogor, and R. Siindeman close up. During this vvook, now that tho handicaps aro out, some fast work will bo put in. It will be remembered that about three weeks ago Mr. Charlie Stewart, one time amateur champion of Queensland, went to Sydney for a holiday and intended doing some long riding in and around that city. Mr. Stewart arrived in Brisbane from Sydney in the early part of last week, and a short account of his trip in New South Wales will be interesting to our numerous cyclists. Mr. Stewart was the guest of Mr. Clouting, sen., and Mr. Clouting, jun., of Burwood, both members of the Ashfield Bicycle Club, who showed the Queenslander the principal beauties of Sydney and suburbs, &c.; The cyclists started on a day's ride through Sydney and principal suburbs on the South Head-road, passing Double Bay and Rose Bay, thence on to Watson's Bay. Here the Macquarie Lighthouse was visited, being 346ft. above sea level, from which a splendid view of Sydney, especially the beautiful har- bour, was obtained. Returned by Woollahra, through Centennial Park, Randwick, and on to Bunnerong-road, thence to La Perouse and Botany, where Captain Cook's landing place and monument were viewed in the distance, and in through St. Peters, Dulwich Hill, and Ash- field, bringing an interesting and enjoyable day's ride to a close. Burwood was left early next morning, and the cyclists started on a trip to the Jenolan Caves, passing through Parra- matta and several other places, and nice country on to Penrith, a beautiful and flourish- ing agricultural town on the banks of the Nepean. After crossing the Nepean, Lapstone Hill was negotiated, from which a panoramic view of Penrith and surrounding country was obtained; then uphill work to Springwood, a well-known health-seeking resort, beautifully situated, and a favourite run for Sydney cyclists. Leaving Springwood they had hilly and sandy roads, making riding almost impossible, on to Lawson, where rain set in, preventing further cycling that day, and compelling tho cyclists to take train to Mount Victoria, where they started next day for the caves, a distance of thirty-six miles. The roads were hilly, and progress was slow, as it was dangerous to ride down many of the hills, and impossible to ride up others. They passed through several small townships, including Good Forest and Lowther, both famous as being the home of numerous bushrangers a quarter of a century ago. A lovely view of Kanimbla Valley is obtained, and the half-way house is reached, being 3750ft. above sea level, and bitterly cold, snow lying on the surrounding hills close by. The scenery is magnificent from here to the caves, Cambenong Valley especially being worth remembering. The caves were safely reached, and a day was spent in an interesting inspec- tion. The scenery here, likewise all over the Blue Mountains, is delightful, and the cyclists started on their return journey over the same road to Mount Victoria, thence to Katoomba, and down through Springwood back to Penrith. Here thoy branched olf and passed through the pro- posed Mulgoa irrigation dist, ¡ct, thence across some rough country on a bush track until Camden was roached, where a rost for the night was made. They left Camden behind and pressed on for Mo3s Vale, but boforo going far Mr. Tracey, in his road record breaking ride from Melbourne to Sydney, was met, and after a short ohat tho cyclists parted, Mr. Tracey eventually breaking the record by sixteen hours. Picton was reached for dinner, and a start was made ' for Mittagong, and after uphill riding through drenching rain thoy at last reached their resting place for the night. Bad roads and rain prevented tho cyclists con- tinuing their tour on through Bowral and Moss Vale, thenco the Illawarra district, and back to Sydney, thereby compelling them to toko train. ? An enjoyable ride was taken to Manly and bock through North Shore, but the weather prevented the tourists from again attempting their much-sought-after Illawarra trip. All tho cyclists rodo pneumatic clinchero, and all round tho roads wore fairly good. A most enjoyablo and interesting tour on wheels was thus brought to a close, and one which Mr. Stowart would recommend to all Queensland cyclists on pleasure bent. Mr. Clouting, sen., is 50 years of age, and all through showed good form, being the oldest cyclist that ever crossed the Blue ¿¡fountains. Mr. Joseph Tracey, of the Austral Bicycle Club, has (says *' Cyclofile" in the Referee), accomplished a most remarkable ride from Melbourne to Sydney mounted on a pneumatic tired New Rapid light roadster, weighing only 351b. This man, who has never been a promi- nent rider, reduces the record made by Mr. Mark Long (5 days 20 hours) by lu} hours. The performance is all the more remarkable from the fact that it ¡3 the first genuino test that has boen given the pneumatic tirea over our well known rough roads. Their condition on arrival waa simply perfect. Had it no» been for the p.-esenee of mud and dust, and that the lubber liad become slightly discoloured, ii would not have been possible to tell that the machine had been ridden. I had almost forgotten to give honour to whom honour it doe in not mtntion ing that the machino was fitted with tires of the reliable Dunlop make, and Mr. Tracey says that after leaving Melbourne until he reached Sydney the tiros havo «over required blowing up. E. L. Ede, at tho Horne Hill track on 21th May, rodo 23 milos 1520 yards in 1 hour, and 24 miles in 1 hour 21 I/osee. A. Zimmerman beat tho flying quarter mile by covering it in 30sec; and Louis Stroud achieved a world's record for half a mile, his tuno beinglmin. G 3/ôseo. T. A. Edge, of Manchester, the well-known long-distance rider, beat the London to Liver- pool record in May by 2 hours 22min" riding tho distance in 14 hours 33min. 33seo. Ile started from tho General Post Office, London, at 4.10 a.m., and fihi3hed at Liverpool at G.33 p.m. Holbein, Bennett, Gastall, and other wo 1-known riders aoted as puco-inakors. Rain fell for 100 milos. He rode a clincher-tired machine. Mr. W. M'Gladdery, of Belfast, successfully attempted in May to lower the live-mile Scot- tish record nt tho Hampden track, Glasgow, lue machine upon whioh M'Gladdery did his porformanco was a New Howe safoty. Ho covered the first mile in 2min. 40 3/ösoc; two miles, 5min. 2Ü 1/ösoc; threo miles, 8min. 13 l/osoc; four miles, llmin. fl 2/ósec; rivo miles, 13min. 50 2/ösec. Tho track was in a hoavy condition, and a strong wind was blow- ing. 