THE SPIRITS AT WORK. That curiosity, fully indulged, is liablo to prove expensive is a lesson (says1* Answers*') that has just boon thoroughly learned by a certain modioal gentleman. Iu the muttor of spiritual manifcatntionB he bus alwaya been a atiif-nockod and uuro generate doubter. As a child ho sooiled a ghost stories, and when ho grew up the spectre world became a mark for his inerry quips and saroastio jests. Despite this ho numbers among his frionds many of those who beliovo in tho existence of shados, and they uover neglect an opportunity to hurl arguments nt his bond which may tend, to bring him over to tho ranks of tho Finally, about two weoks ago, tho doctor responded to tho extent of promising to do a littlo investing on his own account. Ho had never gono to a materialising soauoo, and was anxiouH to seo what one was liko, so ho put a quiet littlo advertisement in a daily paper, stating that an unboliover would liko to engugo a roputablo medium for tost manifestations. At S o’olook ou tbo ovening in quostton a littlo party of eight personal friends sat with elaspod hands in tho doctor’s drawing room, and stared anxiously iu tho direction of tho black cloth cabinet, which was faintly out lined iu tho gloom. A pale youug man, accompanied by an obeeo tomato, hud auswored tho doubter, aud guaranteed to produce a very fino lino of do partod spirits for u fivo- pouud noto. For ovor tlireo-quarters of an hour visitors , from tho othor world kopt dropping into tho doctor’s drawing-room, Bailing round his rathoruervous guests, aud departing. Then thoro was a long and droary wait, whioli was ended by the upturning of tho j gas. Tho pnlo young man and tho oboso fomalo had vanished as complotoly ns thu ; spectres they had been supplying. Their , cabinet romaiued, and with it a small bag filled with whito crepe. In tho next ton minutes two purses, a ■watch, and four scarf pins woro discovered to bo missing. Tho ovening’s ontortainmont cost tho doctor somothiug iu tho neighborhood of LlOO, and his disbeliof in spirits is now something rapid. Tho polico wore not notified. 