GRAVE AND GAP t. Hbvue cbeivyour words." Open the mo ntfc-aadlet fiw words come out. A student once a: iked," Oan Virchue, fortichnde, gratiehude, or quiec hude dwell ■itli Biiit mm who in r itrmpr to reeticfa ode," A aeouMB physician being sent for by a quack, ex pressed his surprise at being called in ona u -occasion opp^ppnfly tytflmjr "Not so trifling, ne Sher," re plied the quack; " for, to tell the truth, 1! have by ■nutate taken some of my own pills." turn the first representation of Yoltair e's Orestes, Madame litixembourg sent the author fop z pagesof • criticisms anth piece, fie contented hit biielf with replying in a simple line—-"Madame, Ore; Bt ee Is not mx3t with an H."' Js Btebmond Church, Burrev, U an epitt ph on a certain Bobert lewis, who died in 16&&. and who was," saw the epitaph, "each a lover of p« ace that when o contention began to arise between life and iWh he yielded np the ghost to end the dk' spute." A ordered one of his patients to drink fiaijna* waters. The man made np awry 6 too at the "It Is only the first glass fclhat isun rfeas&nt.;" said the doctor. "Very weB, then, -answered the sick man, "M onlydrink lis.second. The following advertisement appeared i in the Tims: "A young lady, mho has received a goo d education, can read and write, and is versed in geography, history music, dancing, and elementary® teathemafaes, wishes a fdbiafion In a respectable family ar a washer ""a'gektlebAk talking very loudly to th te Prince de Gn6m6n6e against Cardinal Bichelieu, " Tate care," ■aid the Prince; " here are some of h B creeinres who might hear you." The persons allu ded to were poor people who came to receive their n sua! allow A " Bight Employment"—Candle-mak*mg. "Btoceb are firm," aa the thief said when he had Ma feetin . , .... , "Xove's labour lost —A. hen sitting on wooden basest men have the lowest estimate of W<pphEj is s foot like a stable ?—When there's a corn-bin in it. , What, is that by losing has nothing nut a tifrpA |o£t fr—&. noise. ... , Spasmodic writing is the fiffect of pigmies attempt ing the feats of giants, Jk souKG lady once blew her lover out of doom and then kissed the candle. L . _ Ir disposed to be emoting, let your heaviest demands be made upon yourself. , _ This Pace that KBls—The faster a man starts m life the sooner he gets into a hobble. Whi- is a patch of com like a dunce ?—Because it's always liable to have its ears pulled. _ . ... Bob every friend whom a man loses tor troths sake, he gates a better. ... Att. the passions are intermittent fevers, except vanity—thatgives no respite. „ Asides don't IiIb to b® hard-pressed. We cut say how it would be with an army of women. jo win love and esteem, it is far better to bo gracious than graceful. . How can you expect to make lowmoralB&befitfcmg; accompaniment to lofty thought? A TODwe ladv at the West-end is so refined m Jtar l.ngn^e that She never uses the word " blackguard, but substitutes " Ethiopian sentinel." - Whs ,slioule a quill pen never be used untitling secret matters?—Because it's apt to split. ^ " I bok't remember having seen you before, as tine lawyer said to his conscience. jiBVJB tppftV of a man's virtues before his face, uw of his vices behind his back. " Come, sheer off," as the ram said te the man who was cutting off his wool. .. . . of wealth is sometimes retrieved ^ waste or y^lfti^gplrlpiii" but waste of time, never* published under the head of "new music. Ir a railroad man waste listen to the railing of a set of sharp-tongued women around a tea-table, he would think it a rare specimen of the T rail. Awjeteebs is generally captured more easily the second time than the first. This is as true of a noows uesru as *»• «•*»» , Good works ore the fruit of righteousness, not the cause. The tree makes the apple, not the apple the Ik an action for fees a physician cannot recover. In ~°°ea of illness the patients are often te the same ^jfxj^whose son was eaten by cannibals pleasantly remarked that he was tilled and buried in the same A TVBETCir was heard to say the other evening, at a A wEErcir was neara xu any ™ —6> — - social party, that a young lady playing on a piano forte was like an ape, because her lingers were mong keys. One disconsolate widower erected a monument to the virtues of his departed wife, while another went through difl same operation for the departed virtues j of bis spouse. . To be envious is to punish ourselves tor being ; inferior to our neighbours. If, instead of looking at1 what our superiors possess, we could see -what they actually enjoy, there would be much less envy m the world, and more pity. i As old farmer said to his sons: "Boys, dont you , over speckerlaie, or wart for something to torn up. You might just as well go an'sit down on a stone in the middle of a inedder, with a pail atwixt your legs, an* wait for a cow to back up to you to be Tens is on a scolding wife who died te her E noise and strife, Or, in one word, here lies a scolding wife: , Had not death took ber when her mtnrthwaS Shut." * He durst not '"or bis ears have touched the slut." We give this for the benefit of our contemporaries, not the public. It concerns the former alone, and may be of inestimable advantagejto them: " l>o you want a poetical contributor? The advertiser is desirous of an engagement as poetical contributor to a weekly periodical. Salary £50 to commence with. Age not under 21." A toitno clergyman, who is a successful pastor, waa tolling a retired missionary that he entered college and the theological eeininaiy with the iatention of to-ine'ng a missionary, when the old veteran broke out with: " Ah! you turned back after putting your hand to the plough?" "So," was the answer; :t I just rook another plough." Jokes: "1 thought I warned you, particularly, . cook, against boiling my eggs hard. Now, how is .this f Here are they boiled fit for salad, in spite of every direction. What did I tell you?" Cook: "Oh, ' sir, 1 remember exactly what you told me, and acted accordingly. The eggs were te the water to a moment precisely nine minutes." Jones: "Nine! I told you .three." Cook: "Yes, sir; but there's three wpL Of course, if one takes three minutes boiling, three must take nine. I may be a fool, sir, butl happen to know what three-times three makes for all Pint." At the recent ordination of one of the bishops, one •f the candidates for deacons' orders was so lowinhis theological attainments that he was very near being * plucked." As, however, ho had been strongly re commended to the bishop for his piety and zeal, his lordship consented to ordatn him, bat warned him , that he must study very diligently before he came up to the nextexamination, urging him especially to fami liarise himself with that welt-known theological work, Butler's " Analogy." When the young man departed hi* lordship accompanied him to the door, lie seated hiioself in the omnibus to proceed to the railway The bishop went up to him kindly, shook ' ™?*b-with him, and, as a parting reminder about the •r^gy,"exclaimed, "Good-bye, Mr. —Don't XI. Un,1 Butler!*" "Oh, yes, my lord,"replied j ■steato^r™ just given him 5s. !" and before the could offer any explanation the Wiatt Vv driven off. and C*r^u> am best to go fishing with?—J -An-nette stayingv^^ Sirica! When Capt. Faulkner was present -chief, his host "ottered him a present; lady. He was shown the fun of the vhiSber he liked it; and, "for the was then toldl*. ^answered, " Yes." The captain her—this was tb* ^ratch her himself if he wanted . different to aptoJS^piThey are not quite in they have strangt^? these African chiefs, but 1™qae jaxnoan cwere, .m service." Fancy of. the dignity of "the nph ftB \ ', |Wmhtin chaOOS ft Mack njmph m \ ' capfcain fOmffjug _ OAid ft kiss - in- ^rj^'-fhnfirri a lions®-' The sight would only hn Boxing Day. fiie officers of the Cteariu ^2 j»%ormr tothat of Mieouioereui ™ horror to that of tteCrystel Palace from ^St y. ^ of Tunch thought would be vau, which did not like the captain, the The ladv chase, so, to make matters bound with cords, and brougtT^V?*"® lord. " Presents" seem all so matter what the colour of their' ^4 "J™ ■ captain said, finely, he would treat gj4-XP^f' always treated slaves, whereupon he ^^5° ? out, cut the cords, and set her free, tNrlish |ng to a pretty etorr. ; Altbouoh nobody ever «aw ft perpetu^i •omebodv has made ft perpetual notion ' WAKT leEB than you have, and you wj]] al ' "* I von; than you want. Life is like blind-man's-buff, where mutoW! pathy is indicated by our feeling for one anotibL"J*M* A Hcsgaeiah, dwiring to remark on thedor^_. \ habits of a young lady, said, " Oh, miss, howh^o* 1 yon are." * 1 Tbj men who flatter women do not know tW •Efficiently, and the men wbo only abuse them do ma know tfcamat alL 