GAY TO GRAVE. The ono Christmas morning that of all others hus been most vividly impressod upon my memory, out of tho 35 which have already glided by iu a not wholly unroman- tic career spent in many countries and climes, was that stormy, sleety, windy, bitter cold dawning of Wednesday, Decem ber 25, 1873, when through tho moaning of tho winter's gale, tho merry bells of old London city could be hoard by all those who had formod the little party in a police boat on tho river Thames, now loud, then faintly ringing in our ears, close by at ono moment, then carried into tho far, far distance by tho surging fury of the elements. How my college chum, Harry Barkor, and self came to be in such 'a place, in such company, upon that morning of all mornings, forms the theme of tho little story which I am now about to relate. Harry and I were both up in London reading for tho bar, and as our final exami nation which was to qualify us for our legal career took place early in the year, for the .first time in eithor of our lives we wero compelled to spend our Christmas in the gloomy metropolis, many miles away from our hospitable homes, in dear old sporting Yorkshire, and all the Christmas delights to .be enjoyed in the society of those whom wo loved and who loved us best on earth. Not that both of us hod been forgotten by tho far away dear ones, for we spent the morn ing of the day boforo Christmas opening the various letters and seasonable presents, which were extra nuiherons that year owing to our onforced exile from the paternal halls, before starting out through the crowded, busy, slushy streets to our luncheon at tho Gaiety Restaurant. ' . Here over our bottle of Burgundy and sirloin steaks we pledged each other to " a merry Christmas " and "good luck at our examination in thenow'year,"not forgetting "tho absent ones we love," cursed'ourill luck at having to stay in the "little village " for our " gooso and plum pudding," and called down maledictions on the benchers of the Inner Temple, who by fixing the ordeal so early in January compelled us to pass the festive season burniug 'the mid night oil over " Roman law " and " Coke upon Littleton," instoatl of careering over tho ico b'y day aud dancing by night with our neat, little) pretty, saucy Yorkshire cousins and sweethearts. ; '? Well, Fred," quoth Hal, "we'll take a holiday to-night . any way, whero shall we dine, and how pass tho after noon ?" ' : " That is a grave problem, old man," I answerod, " nearly, all. tho best theatres are closed to-night for the dress re hearsals of the Christmas ' Boxing Night ' productions ; but anything you say goes. What do you think yourself ?" " I hear there is ,to he the usual Christ mas Eve fish dinner down at Billingsgato market to-night," said Harry, "what do you say if we knock the balls about for an hour or so, and then take a run down there and eat: dinner with the old-fashioned buffers, ' some of whom they tell me have dined there on Christmas' Eve -for the past 40 years.aud more." - "I'm with you," I gleefully responded, "I understand there is a fine haunch of venison always discussed after the fish on Christmas Evo, and I know from experience tliat bid Simpson keeps the finest old cold bottled rum punch in his cellars in the world ; it's a brilliant idea, and the pro gramme is fixed." " So bo it, dear boy,"_laughed my chum, soaftor « few hours were whiled away, manipulating the ivories, on the Junior Gar- rick Club billiard table, as the hour of 6 o'clock approached we hailed a " hansom, and dropping the window to keep out the fiercely driving sleet, we were soon rapidly whirled along the brilliantly lighted,, and notwithstanding the inolenien'cy of tho weather, densely crowdod Strand; toward tlig almost deserted ..." city," where, as every one who has ever thoroughly done"' tho smoky English capital knows, the ancient ana celebrated Billingsgato, fish ! market is situato alongside the usually placid and muddy river Thames, but which on' the night I write of hud been turned into a roaring and ; resistless torrent as" it swept nnder. the arches of old London. Bridge and surged up against the' very wulls of the quaint old market, as if to reach and by dashing through the upper windows extinguish" the vory lights which were gleaming through the panes in the old- fashioned diniug- hall,. whore Harry and I were soon to be sciiiod, in company with jolly old citizens of aldarmnnic proportions, " Surrey side " actors and a, miscellaneous crowd of tho heterogeneous population of the mighty city, who had no houies to go to or no invitations to "come down and spend Christmas" from hospitable friends. Perhaps many of those latter had no friends at 'all, - but with a little money in their pockets thoy put the: best face they could on their lack oi invitations, and, in' fact, as wo sub sequently found out, if anything, they proved themselves to be the most gonial and ujiroarioualy jolly fellows. -in the whole crowd. Very few Americans who visit London and see it thoroughly miss paying a visit to Billingsgato ; but this visit is generally paid in tho very early morning, when the fresh fish of every kind from all parts of tho English Channel aud German Ocean is being brought and unladen from innumerable craft, from barges and tugs to " billboats" and wherries, and then killed for tho enor mous demands of- the London market. These Bights, coupled . with the selling, packing and carrying away of the fish, are generally tho only ones that the average tourist cares about seeing, or rather knows that there is to bo seen within the precincts of the mildewed old . fish mart. But very few indeed, not ono in 10,000, after seeing the markets quieted down and deserted early in the . afternoon, after return ing to their luxurious West-End hotel, ever dream that every night all the year round ' for the last century, iii ono corner of the wot, "fishy" smelling, deserted old place an old-fashioned fish dinner of over 20 courses is dished up to probably the oddest gathering of diners-out ever assembled tinder one room in any English-speaking city in the world. Yet this was one of Churlos Dickens' favorite resorts, and so it had been for nearly all the old London writers, wits and comedians for generations, notwithstanding tho majority of the company consist of plethoric old city gentlemen, who, on their favorito night, eat. their fish and drink glass after glass of the famous old "milk punch " over toast, song, recitations, readings and their "yards of clay " before running down to their little place in Kent. Yes, many are the stories still told by anciont diners of tho visits paid to. "Simpson's" by Thackeray, Dickens, Charles Mathews, Buckstono, Mark Lemon, Bon Webster and the other bright bohe- mians whose memories uro still fresh and green in tho hearts of all those who were fortunate to have evon had the privilege of meeting them over a fish dinner. But to resume, Harry Barker and I alighted at the old entrance, and having well paid and received a festive greoting in return from our "cabby," passed through the storm-beaten arches to the door iu tho far corner, where the welcome glaro of bright lights shone out tho lower doorwuy and bar, giving rise to glorious anticipations of tho hearty good cheer to be found within, and after being rolievcd of our overcoats, hats and wraps by the ancient head waiter, who greeted us with a " Merry Christmas, genelum," and looked as if ho had been born in the year "ono," we in duo time found ourselves seated at one of tho long tables, and after a time-honored grace bad been gabbled through by the chairman, who looked just like my father's old butler in his best Sunday suit, we fell to with a will. Bht why go into any detailed description of the dinucr of tho innumerable kinds of fish fried, fish boiled, fish broiled, fish cooked in every possiblo known stylo ? All dinners ate very much alike, after all, hut wo at,o and ate, and then when three magnificent haunches of venison camo on, how they did disappear amidst the rattle of plates, dishes, knives and forks. Thon the gigantic Christmas pudding, decorated with holly, and (laming with ignited "brandy sauce." Hns not the history of such pud dings been written over and over again ? Then when the long white cloths were re moved from the tables huge tumblers of smoking hot punch wero ladled out of bowls over a hundred years old. What applause there was when the apoplectic old chairman thundered out, "You may smoke, gentle men," and said he would call on " his friend Mr. Jinkins for a little harmony how the latter responded with " Tho heart bowed down," but didn't succeed in dampening the spirits of the company ono little bit. And when littlo Tomkius, who was an Eust End undertaker, sang a jolly laughing song with a " tol de rol " chorus, shall I ever forget with what gusto wc all joined in, without any regard whatever for time or tune, bang ing our glasses on the old polished mahogany tables till the rafters in the old groined roof rang again ; nor how a jocose-looking, red-nosed man, amid breathless silence, broken only by the hoarse roaring of tho rushing river outside, recited a Christmas ghost Btory. Eleven o'clock soon arrived, and a groat rush for the last train took place after the singing of " Auld Lang Syne " by all thnsc who had d train to catch, and we two friends were very shortly left nearly alone, save a few.roystering groups who still stuck to their punch, determined to make a night of it. ; , " Well, Hal, my pal," said I; smacking him on the shoulder, " we've had a right merry timo, but it is full .early , yet to go homo! '..What's the matter with taking a couple of bnt'tlesof 'runi punch down to the Thames police ' stati&n; ? '' I- kliow 'old Ser geant Henderson well, ; aiul we'll wish him and his men -'the; compliments of the season." ' ' ' ; ' "Right you are," replied Harry. So after settling our littla score wo bagged the punch bottles, in the capacious pockets of our greatcoats, and hurrying out of the mar ket into the stormy winter's night, wc 'sped down the narrow lane leading to the water's edge, where the bright rod lights of tho river police station shone through the murky darkness. " Why, Mr. George, I thought you were away in Yorkshire with the old folks. Come in ; you're welcome, ancl your friend too," <vas tho cheery, greeting of the hale and hearty sergeant as. wo entered the cosy room whero about a dozen fine stalwart officers were seatod round a blazing fire, while tho wind outside blew a perfect hurricane. ' No, sergeant," I said, as tho men made way for ns both before tho cheerful blaze, "land Harry Barker here are reading up for our oxani., which comes off next week. We have, to .spend our Christinas in Lon don jawo've . just had our Christmas Eve dinner, and thought we'd bring the boys down a couple of - bottles of Simpson's old punch before we went home." The liquor was produced and soon .went tho round with many a good wish- from the brave fellows who surrounded us. "By the way, sergeant," I asked, ."are you going out to-night ?" , !: , " Yes, sir, we launch the old lifeboat at midnight for a run round the shipping to Bee all is safe, sir." After - this admission nothing would do but we must insist upon accompanying them, und that notwith standing his advice . to ' go. home to our beds" and the warnings of the men that wo might expeot a "rough time of it, &c.;" ; Finally the sergeant's oonsentwas gained, and as the hour of midnight struck, well wrapped up in some spare oilskins, we were escouced in the big eight-oared boat, with eight strong and sturdy oarsmen, and tho sergeant at the helm. Talk about being at sea in a small boat 1 I've been there many a time since, but never hare I had -such a tossing as I got on old Father Thames just us tho Christmas day of 1873 was being ushered in. The going down stream was all right, in ; anfi. out., between sea-going vessels and barges we were swept like light ning, .seeing' that all the lights were all rightly shown, and answering the hoarse hailing of tlie sailors who. wero on the mid night watchaboard, with thehuge warehouses frowning down upon. U9 on tho shore, and the sides of the ; big ships looming up like mountains close to us.. Thus wo spent until nearly , 3 o'clock, whon wo turned to pull back against the torrent, and what sort, of work was it ? Terrible, as. the men strained evory. . nerve, and - gradually - tho flickering lights of London Bridge became visible through the drifting snow, and the welbome red lights of the station were soon also in sight. . . . In ordor to land properly wo had to pull right under one of the arches of the bridgo, so as to drift back .with 'the Btream to tho landing-stage, and just as. we wore half-way undor, preparing to turn and drift back, by a sudden movement wo received a shock which never' can be- effaced from the minds of any ono . man in that boat, accustomed to such sights as most -of those men were. The wild shriek of a woman was heard even above the ho wling of the wind and tho rush ing of the inky-black waters, of the river, and, splash ! right close to the boat came a body into the water.' Great God 1 It was that of a woman. "Ono more unfortunate -gone to her death." She bad taken'the . last and fatal stop in her life on-' that early Christmas morning by plunging into the river from tho parapet of the bridge/ . ; To turn the boat; was the work of a second, for tho unfortunate woman had been swept away by ' the raging tide too quickly to enable any one'-.to grasp heir, and buck again down the river we went in pur suit of the wretchod suicide. No trace could we find, but when, after -an- hour's fruitless searoh, we wf6, returning, giving up all hopo, ; the keen eyes of one of tho men descried an object, looped and tangled, in the anchor chain on one of the vessels. " Pull away,, boys," sang out the sergeant, and in a twinkling wo were alongside, and Harry and I lent, ready hands to drag the poor, bruised, battered, drowned and lifeless body into tho boat.' With grave faces we landed back at the polico station, and as we laid out tho body of the uufortunate girl it reminded all of us, and more especially us two boys, of the old tcuchings of the pastor in the village church miles away iu dear old Yorkshire, " Take heed, for in the midst of life we are in death." " It's the old Btory," said the sergeant, "no wedding ring." ' As we took a mournful good-bye of our frionds, unablo to shako off tho terriblo im pression made upon us by tho awful' termi nation of our night's adventure, through tho early Christmas morning camo the sound of the bells ringing out a merry Christmas poal. "Peace on earth, good will to inen." 