GLIMPSES OP GHOSTDOM. The Society of Psychical Research continues its investigations in the domain of gho3t3, and the latest number of the " Proceedings" (Regan Paul) contains a number of cases of a more or less uncanny oharacter which have reeanbly come under its notice. A few specimens of these may be interesting. I joiin blaney's "ghost." ! In a paper by Mr. P. W. H. Myer3 on "Indications of Continued Terrene Knowledge on the Part of Phantasms of the Dead," the particulars of a case for which the writer is in debted to Lady Gore Booth are given. Her son, then a schoolboy of 10, was the percipient, and her youngest daughter, then aged 15, also gives a first hand account of the incident, as follows:— . „ , i Lissadell, Sligo, February, 1891. i On the 10th of April, 1889, atabuot half- pa3t 9 o'clock a.m., my youngest brother and I were going down a short flight of stairs leading to the kitchen to fetch food for my chickens, as usual. We were about half way down, my brother a few step3 in advance of me, when he suddenly said—" Why, there's John Blauey ; I didn't know he was in the house!" John BJaney was a boy who lived nob far from ns, and he had been employed in the house as hall-boy not long before. I said that I was sure it was nob he (for I knew he had lefb some months previously .on account of ill-health), and looked down into the passage, but saw no one. The passage wa3 a long one, with a rather sharp turn in it, so we ran quickly down the last few step3 and looked round the corner, bub nobody was there, and the only door he could have gone through was shut.' As we went upstairs my brother said, " How pale and ill John looked, and why did he stare so ?" I asked what he was doing. My brother adawered that he had his sleeves turned up and was wearing a large green apron, such as the footmen always wear at their work. An hour or two afterwards I asked my_ maid how long John Blaney had been_ back in the house. She seemed much surprised and said, " Didn't you hear, miss, that he died this morn ing ?" On enquiry we found he had died about two hours before my brother saw him. My mother did not wish that my brother should be told this, but he heard of it somehow, and at once declared that he must have seen hi3 ghost. _ „ Mabel Olive Goke Booth. This apparition, says Mr. Myers—" Unless we explain it as a telepathic impression projected at the moment of death and remaining latent for some hours before it attained exbernalisation— may possibly be taken as showing something of continued memory in the departed boy." a scene on the lawn. Another even more extraordinary ease, sent to Mr. Myers with the true names, but with a request to conceal them and some local details on account of the painful nature of the inci dent described is the following:— Our informant, whom I will call Mrs. M., writes under date December 15th, 1891:—" . . One night on retiring to my bedroom aboub 11 o'clock I thought I heard a peculiar moaning sound and someone sobbing as if in greab dis tress of mind. I listened very attentively and still it continued; so I raised the gas in my bedroom and then went to the landing window of which I have spoken, drew the blind aside — and there on the grass was a very beautiful young girl in a kneeling posture before r. soldier, in a general's uniform, sobbing, ?;•'1 clasping her hands together, entreating for pardon; but, alas! he only waved her away from him. So much did I feel for the girl that without a moment's ; hesitation I ran down the staircase to the door opening upon the lawn, and begged her to come in and tell me her sorrow. The figures then disappeared. Not in the least nervous did I feel then ; went acain to my bedroom, took a sheet of writing paper and wrote down what I had seen." (Mrs. M. has found and sent us this paper. The following words are written in pencil on a half-sheet of notepaper: — " March 13,1SS6. Have just seen visions on lawn—a soldier in general's uniform—a young lady kneeling to him. 1140 p.m.") . . . "It appears the story'is only too true. The youngest daughter of this very old, proud family had had an illegitimate child; and her j parents and relatives would not recognise her ■ again, and she died broken hearted. The '■ soldier was a near relative (also a_ connection of my husband's), and it was in vain she tried to gain his—the soldier's—forgiveness." (In a subsequent letter Sir X. Y.'e career is described. | He was a distinguished officer.) "So vivid j was my remembrance of the features of the soldier that some months after the occurrence, when I happened to be calling with my husband at a house where there was_ a portrait of him, I stepped before it and said, ' Why, look. There is the general.1 And sure enough it was." AN APPABITION AT WESTMINSTER TOWN HALL. Here is an instance where the decedent, who had been strongly interested in an event which was closely approaching when he died, seemed to choose the occasion of that event to mani fest his continued interest in the friend whom the little crisis—a theatrical performance— concerned. The account of the apparition two days after the death of the person seen was written down by Mr. Myers from the verbal account of the percipient, and corrected and signed by her:— August 4,1S99. On the evening of Saturday, April 26, 1899, I was engaged with my sister aud other friends in giving an amateur performance of "The Antigone," at the Westminster Town Hall. A passage led down to^several dressing-rooms used by the ladies who were taking part in the re presentation, and nowhere else. None of the public had any business down this - passage, although a friend came to the door of the dressing-room once to speak to some of U3. I was passing from one dressing-room to another, a few steps further along the pas sage, just before going on to the stage, when I saw in the passage, leaning against the door post of the dressing-room which I had left, a Mr. H., whom I had met only twice, but whom I knew well by sight and as an acquain tance, though I had heard nothing of him for two years. I held out my hand to him, say ing, "Oh, Mr. H., I am so glad to see you." In the excitement of the moment it did not occur to me as odd that he should have come thus to the door of the dressing-room—although this would have been an unlikely thing for_ a mere acquaintance to do. There was a bril liant ligbt, and I did nob feel the slightest doubt as to his identity. He was a tall, singular-looking man, and used to wear a frock-coat buttoned unusually high round the throat. I just observed this coat, but noticed nothing else aboub him specially except his face. He was looking at me with a sad ex pression. When I held out my hand he did not take it, bub shook his head slowly, withoub a word, and walked away down the passage back to the entrance. I did not stop bo look at him, or to think over this strange conduct, being in a greab hurry to finish dressing in time. Next day, as a number of us were talking over the performance, my sister called out to me —"You will be sorry to hear that Mr. H. is dead." "Surely not," I exclaimed, "for I saw him last night at' The Antigone.1" It turned out that he had been dead two day3 when I saw the figure. It may be added that Mr. W. S. Lilly sfcatei that he was present at a party when Lady M. suddenly informed her sister, Miss J., of the death of Mr. H., and he bears' witne33 to Miss J.'s extreme astonishment and. her exclama tion—" Why, I saw him last"night at'The Antigone!" A CASE or" SPIRIT GUARRIANSHIT. As regards " spirit guardianship"-Mr. Myer3 thinks it need nob greatly surprise any one " if that impalpable telepathic connection which sometimes seems to be long maintained be tween two living persons were to persist after the removal of one of them by bodily death." The writer of the following, who is personally known to Mr. Myers, is the wife of Golouel Wickham, of 7, Comeragh-road, W.:— On the evening of March 13, 1879, I was dressing myself to go to a dinner party at Admiralty House, Vibboriosa, Malta, _ I had accepted Admiral and Mrs. 's invitabion, much against my will, as a dear friend was lying seriously ill at Brighton. However, the latest accounts had been so cheering and hope ful that I had allowed myself to be persuaded by my husband into going. An eerie feeling was creeping over me in an unaccountable manner, but I tried to throw it off, and suc ceeded in doing so to a certain extent; still, something made me turn my head round and stare into my husband^ dressing-room, which opened into mice. I distinctly saw a hand waving backwards and forwards twice. I rushed into the room—it was empty. Soon afterwards my husband came upstairs, and I told him what I had seen, bub he put it down to " nerves." As we crossed the water the cool night air seemed to revive me, and I began to laugh ad , myself for letting my imagination play such i tricks. We got home, somehow, and I dragged ! myEelf upstairs to my room, and commenced undressing. Whilst taking down my hair I distinctly felt a hand pass over my head and neck as if someone was assisting me. I told my husband—to be again laughed at. I knelt to say my prayers. Instead of praying (as I had beeD used to do) for God to make my friend well, I, withoub any will of my own, prayed that he might be taken out of bis misery. I went to bed. Something came and lay be side me, I clung to my husband, who_ tried to calm me, assuring me there was nothing there to huit or frighten me. A cold mouth seemed to freeze • on my cheek, and I distinctly heard. " Good-bye, Sis, good-bye," in my friend^ well-knowa voice. Still my huBband declared he could bear nothing. I said, "Iam sure Mr. Abbott is dead." My husband said I was hysterical and over-wrought, drew me towards him, and held my hand till I fell asleep—for I suppose it was a dream and not a vision I had. Be this as it may, I saw my friend come into my room; a livid mark was across his_ face. He was dressed in a night-shirt, and his feet were bare. He came and sat beside me—told me he was dead—that he had left me some money, and before he died had wished to make some altera tion in liia bequest, bub the end had come so soon he had not time to do so. He repeated his "Good-bye," kiBsed me, and disappeared. I told my husband of my dream, and marked the date. Five days afterwards a letter with a deep black border came to me from my friend's brother, telling me his brother had passed away at 10 o'clock, March 13. Allowing for the dif ference of time, Mr. Abbotb must have come to me either just before or just after his death. The legacy left me was as he had abated, also the fact that he had intended to make a change as regarded it, but though the lawyer was senb for be came too late. August, 1590. 