TIUE CUtl' 0? 'i'I.Lt i flOSTLY. (sR.vIcs OF a :,itwias ) The un:animous verdict of all .those who have road ' More Ghost. Stories " is that it represents an immene lrdrvatl:~ upon " hioal Ghost Stories." " More Ghost Stoties "has had the extraordinary good fortune to please the most diverse olasses of readers. A. A atho lie priest came down to the oftice the tother day to say that he had read every word of our New Year's number, and was ima. rneusely delighted to lind that, elud3 ing the subject from an entirely independent stand point, .I had arrived at exactly the same conclusions as the Catholic Church. " If you had studied for the priesthood you could not have stated more precisely the views of Rome." On the other hand, the Theosophists, whose faith 'is declared in. the Molth to be of a devil, are equally.pleased with the conclu sions at which I Lave arrived, although Mrs. lesant somewhajt regrets a passage in the " Plea for the Tar Barrel.' Still, more strange ti say, the Spiritualists, judging from their inft:esting weekly organ Light, concur almost entirely with the' warnings that I have thought it necessary to utter ai to the danger of reckless and indis?' criminate experimentalising. Theccmments of the Proes have been almost without ex ception complimentary, it.being. the dehlared opinion of our critics that, for thrilling interest and suggestiveness, " More Ghost Stories," is unrivalled. The interest?which the subject has excited may be said literally to extend all over the earth. From the uttermost parts of the world, I receive letters from corrospondents who have had mor " or'less mysterious experiences which they desire to elucidate by the aid of the latest researchers in occult things. ,I have also had some curious experiences of my own which demand further investigation. If the conclusions to which the phenomena pointare substantiated, we are in a fair way of establishing, on an incontrovertible 'basis, as a scientific and ascertained fact,. the ,existance of intelligences other than those which are encased in the ordinary material of human bodies. Evidence as to the facts of clairvoyance and of the reality of the Double accumulates, and I have already in hand the compilation of yet a third ghostly publication to be issued at midsummer, under the title of " Ghosts up to Date." To many, ghosts at midsummer will no doubt seem an anachronism, but that is simply because the ordinary person's ideas of a ghost are conventional and false.ZGhoste, if they exist at all, are just as rife at midsummer as at midwinter, and as we' shall have more time to prepare " Ghosts up to Date" than we had either for "Real Ghost Stories "or "" More Ghost Stories," I hope that we. shall be able, in our third publicatibn, to satisfy, even the. niost incredulous that we have not been for the 'last' oew monthslon dii wild goose cbase: after chimeras. It is no use putting your hmnd to. such a thing as this and then :-aWiig: baik:- Wee,have got to put the thing through, and I renew my. invitation to all those persons who have had experiences of the Doable, or of olairvoyance,or of ghosts, properly so called, to communicate with me. Iliave now two invitations to spend a-holiday in haunted houses, but what with the 'Connty Council election, and. thi im minent approach of the General election, I am afraid the ghosts will have to wait a bit. Others who have more leisure will, I hope, furnish me with the information which is necessary. What is wanted is to have evidence that will satisfy, say, Mr. uRay Lankester and Mr. Maskelyne as to the reality of the phenomena in question. The North German Lloyd's fleet now rnum. bera 79 vessels, with a tonage of 202,118, and the Cunard has 30 vessels, of 86,402 tons. Of the North German Lloyd's fleet, 52.434 tons are now devoted to the Australian trade. These ships made'13 round voyages in 1S91,' and, in view of the fact that this service has been in operation for only .three or four years, the growth of the line is even more remarkable, in comparison with. the-recognied English and French lines to. Australia, than is that,of the Atlantic competition. The Orient Line tonnage of 140,765 made 26 voyages to Australia in 1891; the Peninsulariand Oriental,,with a tonnoge of 139,402, also made 26 voyages; and the itesesaceries LMaritimes, with a tonnage.of 03,741, made 12 voyages. 