) 1TkI'. A crowded rnd al.preciative audience attended at the Mechanics' Institute last evening, when the first ofa series of winter entertainments was given in the large hall. Mr ]. P. Farrelly occupied the chair. A lengthy programme, cmprising a number of musical gems interspersed with several high- class recitations, was provided, and as each item was applauded to the echo sudlieat testimony of the merits of the performance was givens. One un fortunate circumstance occurred to mar the enjoyment. When a gentleman who had kindly conesnted to give a recita tion commenerd a beautiful poem he was rec'ived with discordant shouts, unseemly guffaws, and coarse oxclamation,, until aecepting thooso expressions of feeling as an insult he retired before completing the recitation. As the charge for admission is low all classes avail themselves of the amusement afforded, but it is no reason why the respectable pirtion of the audience should be inonvrenienced by the actions of uncultured people, who vent their private spleen by attempting to publicly insult an inoffensive person. It is to be hoped that the just rebuke adminietered by Mr Balfe, and warmly seconded by the chairman, will have been the means of frustrating a future scene of a similar nature. Messrs A. Castley and Burhury played the overture "Lo, hero the gentle lark," which was well received. Mr Oscar Balfo's recitations were excep tionally good, and as usual he obtained the sympathetic hearing of the listeners, who were aroused to enthusiasm by his masterly repetition of "The seven ages of man," to which as ant encore he gave "The charge of the Light Brigade " with his accustomed v'g.ur. Mr OC E. Long was heard to advantage id the " Castle Gate," and was compelled tdorespond to an on core. A f~Ate sol"'liy Mr Alf. Castley was much admired, the sweet notes being manipulated with'much skill. The feature of the firt part was the closet scene from "Hamlet," in which Mr Abraham Barrett portrayed the character of the Prince of Denmark with great ability, thu manner in which he spoke the lines showing clearly that he is a finished elocutionist, who has a just conception of the powerful role which he eassayed. Mrs F. Styaut-Browne as Queen Gertrude was all that could be desired, her articulation being clear and resonant, and her gestures ex ceedingly natural.. Mr Oscar ,ialfe, as tihe "Ghost," perlormed his part with great force, his sentences being delivered with much veres. Mr G. C.- Gilmore recited that pathetic piece "The fireman's hose," and in doing so he made a deep im pression upon the hearers, who encored vociferously, and his versatility was well. shown by " The novel writer," which he gave with a due regard to the humour thereof. Ia the second part, Miss Dugan, a young violinist, who displayed great ability,was heard in a fantasia of Irish and Scotch air., and in answer to the undeny. able demand she played "The witobes' dance," which also received the warm plaudits of the audience. Mr St. John David sang " The king's minstrol." Mr GO.C. Gilmore contributed " The skipper's flag." Mrs F. Styant-lBrowne recited "The road to Heaven," a long piece, in which she displayed much feeling. Miss Plaice, who was in good voice, sang " Never more" very sweetly, and responded to the applause which greeted her by "Fishes and wishes." A most enjoyable evening's amusement was concluded by the j, alousy scene in " Othello," Mr A. Barrett taking the part of Othello, and Mr Oscar Balfe that of Ingo. A cordial vote of thanks proposed to the ladies and gentlemen who assisted by the chairman was carried with acclamation. 