THE RIGHT SORT-* ROMANCE OF THE SHIRES, Mbs. EDWAltD KEKNAK]/. CHAPTER XX.-Piiui-Aiinro _ 8TEKI‘LKCIHSB, I'or. the Ladies’ •Lhua, varied by limiting honrtbuminea Bport, potty jealousies, and gossip, time glided tv, uu d at length tho eventful day arrived on 'Y' ch‘|UI fl,°-u,;c“ of "dliiitoly more mixed , STaa«ftie«^^t£ 0f?S ■wxl’r^0knowle/go of its tfiL’imr nin 'j01.01111*1 secret, tho knowledge takfPS l«a«o had somehow leaked out Tho I comparat^e^oarly hour of one o'clock was ' j.n1'! r „ \Utttv Hour ot ono o’clock wm dollmtoly fixed for tho start, aevora! far-soeim? ' Stoc th?1nd£ClarinR*Uiait iU any attemPt to • delav t'.J“0koy,0Raua.to tho P“8t a considerable oelay was euro to anso, partly throu-li their ■S’ofoS ra°ro through tho dilli ciuuea of tho fair competitors marrau^miy th« t?M1‘oir sotisfaction. STho the «nWt3if fiW « !ttd thoroughly ontorod into ‘ “ ' f,1!1 .‘ho thing from iirat to last, had sigmilod hie intoution of entertaining tho riders iiud tlioir friends, when tho race was over to a sumptuous lunch, immediately after which trimo? Sd n° P,reao'lto(1 to tho fortunate winnor amid all tho formal pomposity of speech-making and health- drinking. ‘ 7 o'f," “°™u'15 'ookily broke fair and still. oFmn^a°yi c ou ■, tilted tlio sky, swept gontly onwards by a inUd south-westerly breeze. It hhidn^r0' ftt8t d“tju? ‘lie night; leaving each °f Erase and faJed russet leaf trembling ■ B,!™ry woight of the crystal burden imposed on it, ovory one of which shono liko a sparkling gom na the palo fnco of tlio sun ' iru85lod bravely out from amongst tho misty shroud enolrolfrm If wlilTca i.• _> _ Y’OB— “**•; UUl AlUUil- unce, shroud enolroltaff It, while those hardy birds *°fBulcotholr storm*swopt home J* iiin50a,’ Iurod *>y the genial atmo spnoro, strutted about tho moist roads, Jioiul on ono side, Booking horoand thorea procarioua live • Juiooil with a oheorfuInoBs ami an actirity winch • 0 0?y> ^^fter all, thero’s no pluco liko ola iiiOglaud. Our companions aro fools to fly • away. Poor littlo creatures, when they sat stuvormg and shaking under the cold, cruel snow, perhaps they told a different talo; but to* «ay, at loast, they wore Imopv. Kato folt vory loyoua and pleasantly oxcitod ns aho and Mary Wnitbroad drove out to the rendezvous. She ‘had arranged with Colonel Clinkor to bo on the •spot onrly, m order that thoy might walk rouud *4io courso together, and thev found him, accompanied by Mr. M'Grath and Mr. (iralmmo, already awaiting their arrival. A considerable number of spectators 'had as. * aasomblod, making it clear tho much-talkod-of privacy could not possibly bo maintained in faco of tho mtoro3t evidently aroused on all sides. Tho sporting oloraout was, of courso, present in lull, scarcoly a man or a woman from amongst ita ranks bmng missing, whito tho Foxingtou ‘trodespooplo, accompanied by their wives and daughters, who appeared much intcroscod, had turned out in force. Evwi tho itinerant gipsy was roprosontod by a stout party iu a blue ekirt and tartan shawl, who went about singing atrocious Bougsin a still more atrocious voice, masting on telling fortunes to people who had no anxiety to hoar them. Colonel Clinkor aud big companion woro victims not likoly to escapo thoir most favourable predictions. *Cros3 ray baud, pretty lady, with a silver roxpenoo,” tho woman said to Kate with whin ing insistence. “It will bring yer luck, uoth *ng but took.” “Got away, my good soui, don’t you see you’re bothering the lady,” said Colonel Clinkor, fearing she might annoy tho girl. 2 I»” answered she, with instrusivo con* fidenco. “Tho lady has a good kind heart of ior own behind that sweet face, but tho poor gipsy can boo whatto in it. There are clouds, and darknesses, and crossings, but tKe fair gentleman with tho blue eyes stands out clear among thorn all, Tho end will bo marriage, yBi yoa, the poor gipsy woman knows. * f'or hoavon’a sake lot us come,*' said Kato turning suddenly scarlot, and snatching her band away from tho other’s dotuiniug grasp. I nover listoned to such nonsense in my life,” “Nonsense, is it?” callod the woman aftor them indignantly. “Tho fair gontlemnin’seyes are full of Jovo. Jfa does not call what I aay aonsonsc, at any rate.” 41 HoW' horribly vulgar these people are to bo 3ure,” said Kate, fooling intensely exasperated at what Bho chose to consider the gipsy’s im* pertinence, '•“Never mind,” said hor companion, with Suppressed emotion. “ Don’t allow yoursolf to be annoyed at hor forecasts. Como with mo Mid have a look at the fences instead, or you Will bo running out of tho courso, which would Clever do.” V Sho folt gratoful to him for covering her con a&d; incensed with herself for having •displayed ^Yhata,iioor Woak fool sho waa! to be sure! Had Mr. M'Gratn oocn her cuu. panion, tho woman’s prophecies would hayo produced no furthor impression than the ordi nary clap.trap jargon of the profession. All she could hope was that Colonel Clinker did sot attribute hor vexation to'it3 right cause. Thoy started together on a tour of inspection, followed by Mary Wnitbroad and Mr. Gra hams. Colonel Cliukor, on whose shoulders the ontiro management bad fallen, had spared neither time uor troublo iu rondoring tho courso sc perfoct as possible. It was beautifully marked out with rows of little white dags, placed at such close distances that it looked next to impossible for tho ridora to make any Wrong dotour, while tho run-in was cordod on either sido with stout ropos, loading in a direct line to tho winning*post, which stood up, tall and unmiatakablo, closo to tho judge's im* proviaeil box. Starting at tho farthest end of a large gross field, in full view of tho assembled company, "the courao first tod somotvliut uphill over very severe ridgo*and*furrow, at tlio top of which a good honest fouco with a ditch mid low guard* rail ou tho take off sido barred tho outry into tho opposite field, which, though bigger iu dimensions, was far moro level and very sound going. Aftor this it ran across a sticky ploughed enclosure, which Colouol Clinker had not boon ablo to avoid; thou over a' Binall doublo, toadiug once moro into grass, and later on, in and out a road carefully laid with tau. A rather suddon turn to the right bore re vealed tho wator*jump. This was a small natural brook, or rather —» so stoop and crumbliug were its hanks—a spocios of gully, with bushed-up hurdlos. set iu a slanting direc tion loaning over it, and tho wholo width could not have measured much moro than somo ten to twolvo foot across. Any ordinary hunter onght with ease to clear such an obstacle in his stride ; hut Colonol Clinker had purposely ro trained from making it larger, actuated by all sorts of visions of dripping foumlo forms and broken backs, Aftor tho water jump cumo three or four more fail* Hying fouces that each Toquired a bit of doiug without being very for midable. Theso completed a good-sized ring, .and tho lost obstruction would land tho com petitors in tho samo field up whoso slopes they bad started. Altogether it looked a good fair courso, such os no animal used to following bounds should find difficult to encompass. Kate and Colonel Clinker carefully critisod each ■fencoj olioosing beforehand tho beBt spot for .•jumping. and this was tho verdict thoy unani mously pronounced. Tho ground.also was in beautiful order, noithor to hard nor' yot too deep. As thoy walked rouud together Colonel Clinkor proceeded to givo Kato a yarioty of ad vice as to what sho should uot dc iu tho forth coming race, all. of which sho listoned to most attentively, and dotermlucd on following to tho best of hor ability. U Directly tho tlag drops, Misi Browsor,]’ Said he, “ bo euro aud lot your horse have his -heed. A good start in a throe-mile race is not • of such paramount importance as in a 11 vo fur • long scramble, still it is by no means to be des pised. Thoro’s nothing liko beginning well. It gives a horse confidence iu his rider, aud tolls him ho moans going. But diroctly you got on to the ridgo-and-furrow, tako a good pull and make King Olaf go well within himself. Nevor mind being last of tho whole lot, especially if you only feel yoursolf to bo so ou sufferance, and can regain vour lost position at any momoutyoupleaso. Nothing takes so much out of a horse os pushing him fast up an incline at starting, boforo ho has warraod to hts work dad got his pipes all clear. Steady him at the •first fonca; tho chances aro ho will want to ' rush, and might ovorjump himself in bis oagor* ness; Very probably you may find by then that you have the logs of most of your com* panious, but don’t on any account forco tho runuing so early in tho day. Don’t bustlo King Olaf until you got fairlv through tho plough. It after that bo is still goiug strong and well, and pulling tolerably hard, you may bogiu to forgo ahoud a hit. liomembor up to this point you have to ride a waiting raco, and let any ouo elso load tho way who likes. Drop your hands, whon you como to the double, and whatever you do, don’t go fast at it. Give King Olaf a full opportunity of understanding what is boforo him. It's the uaetiost feuco of tho lot, and tho only ono 1 am at all afraid of, especially with an impetuous horse. Tho same | rme applies oqually to the jumps at the road; tako them steadily. Horses often jump tho -fence out carolossly, so bo on your guard. So far wo havo brought you along capitally. Tako a good hold of his head, aud set ICing Olaf as fast as you please at the water jump. Ho’H dear it by yards, I know beforehand, but if you can remembor, kcop oloso to tbo white tlag ou •Published by arrangement with Ward, Lock And Co. ' J247) in 1 firm 10 b-auks Uinroai,o l)0th narrows; •onn t I t!mV",any “‘bar place; besides Imm&c; / ‘ j‘5“l0 tlll,l> aU(1 W'*l gain Govern iloim iny,?n doi!'K* Anii ««w semi your horse iiniFnnr l «r‘sht e,imo,t’ Nine-touths ol .iiiuteur riders throw away the rnco by wuitin" !!mI l10,6 Mining soon enough. Thou : " l <■'°.L ■Hurried, lose their heads, and ail is o\er with tlioir chunco of winning. By this timo thn rid-raff will either lmvo tailed off or u°!!|C t?.flnet • anyhow, you will know pretty , W , 1 a*'0, j our most dangerous remaining opponents. Il you ibid you huvu them fairly settled, come aurmglit away over the two last lonees nml past tho post, hands down, but if it coines to a contest, koop cool anil collected and do tho boat you cau. I foretell a porfoct triumph to our party,” coiicludod tho Colonel, drawing adeop breath of satisfaction 2u auCici ration of this desired result. Aftor a momen , tary pause ho appeared, howovor, to rooolloct' it was just possible there might exist a roverso side to the mcturo, and ho added in calmer acconts: On tho other hand, should any uushap occur—though I devoutly trust not_or should you by nuy cbuuco fintf King Olaf is blown, tor God’s sake pull him up ftiero and thou, y ou have riddon a boaton lioraoonco too oltou as it is, and there’s no use in s(rti'’"liii" on to tho ond under such circuiiistnnces.0°And uo w X have givou you enough instructions to ml a small volume. X don’t Bupjioso when tho Httm f°Ines you w‘** xomombor ono-third of ,, “Vh y??U r. h°l)0 s«.” ausworod Kato coufl uantly. Bat when I listen to such oxcollout advice it roally makos mo fool ns if I were obtaining a moan advantage ovor my noi'di hours, ami as if thev, too, ought to havotho opportunity 0f prollting by it. It hardly hints”3 flUr my llccoIltiu8 so many valuablo »* Most of thorn don’t raejuiro any aid. Thori/a Mrs. Forrester, who knows quite no muoh, if not more, than I do myself; Mrs. Paget, who would novor undorstund what ono wishod to convoy; and Miss Palliser, who would ho mortally ofFonded by any advice. No. I am ! Dorfoct)V SfltiRUni? nml atw.t] » \- » - ttuusmiu uo Quito content if oulymy pupil will promise to oboy tlio orders of her trainer. The plication is,” looking at her somewhat anxiously, for though aaa'rulo hts own nerve was steady ns a rock, it broke down hopolojsly under tho strain of thopossibJo to* “vrillaho promisor ‘‘Of course sho will,” sho answered readily. That is to say, unloss circumstances orer which sho lino no control decide otherwise I shall rule implicitly to ordcra, lifeo a six-stono nothing hoy. Does that satisfy you?” “I shan’t be really satisfied," said ho nor youaly, “ uutil I see you aud King Olaf cantor mg in ahead of everything else.” * “ ^ ou dreadfully ambitious mau! And what «*V0UMnllu^ disappoints your expectations after all ?" ,, ** nor. I have oveiy confidence in the ability of herself and horse. Nevertheless, * to goodnesi the tluug was well over.” Sho had never seen him so anxious and rest* joss, or his culm manner so disturbed. Could it ho possible that ho was a coward at heart? But no, sho knew batter. “What’s the matter with you?” sho said: are you trying to make mu afraid ?” “God forbid! But I can’t help it. I’m horribly afraid myeelf.” “ And so am I,” chimed in poor Mary Whit oread, who in spite of tho pluasuro of Mr. Grahumo’s society was white as a shoot and trembling from top to toe. “What nonsense!” said Kata lightly. “You two talk as if you expected mo to be brought back on a stretcher. I beg loavo to state I havo ,V10 8mallt;8t intention of departing this V.don’t hint at such a horrible nossi* buity, Kate,” said Mary foarfully. “I shall turn up again, nover fear. I'm not a bit ufranl, and I won’t ho frightouud. So there!” Sho said, them words with such do* termination as to eilenco hor companions, whilo her tightly-sot lips and tho resolute expression of hor counfcenanco betokened a firm resolution not easily shakon. . But now time was progressing, so they ad* joumed to tho paddock, whore King Olaf had ’ust put. in an appearance. Old Stirrup walked' >y tho side of tho horso. and led him proudly round and round, while over and again his rugged face lit up with a smile of triumph, when some such admiring remark as, “’ISo’a a good’un *eo in.” “There'goes the winner," ’*• And indeed. King good 'un ’eo is. etcetera, fell upon his_ __ ^ Olaf fully deserved tho flattering oncomiams heaped upon him by the public at large, for in the last tnroo weeks Colouol Clinker had takeu groat pains with his conditioning, and abort as the time had been, had effected a considerable ^pmvomont ia his appearance. As King Olaf film credit for possessing such high courago and daring. His mnno had beeu care* fully plaited that morning by Koto's own whito j and nimble little lingers, and his whole appoar I anco was that of a racohorso. True ho seomod a triflo lighter in the barrel than he had done a mouth ago, but thou what flesh he now carried was hard and Arm os a board, while tho muscles on his strong anus aud thighs could almost havo been countod. Colonel Clinker had given him his last gallop, and know the horse to bo not only fit and well in himself,, but also in all probability (though still of course but imperfectly trained) in a far bettor stato of condition than any adversary ho would be called upon to meet. lie entertained, small fears of Kiug Olaf, his chief anxioty being on Kate’s account. He called up all sorts of imaginary dangers, and rendered himself quito miserable in their contemplation. She might fall, she might be cannoned against, sho might be jumped upon, uho might not be able to hold King Olaf, sho might ovon be dragged and killed outright. There wero no ond to nis anxieties, which grow in intensity as tho hour drew nigh, uutil they became almost unboar Swear to tike care of yourself," ho whis* pored in Kato’s oar as she disappeared in the drossiug-room. The colour hia almost for* saken his cheeks ami his voice trembled with omotiou. “Dear mo, how timid we are to bo sure !'* Bho exclaimud flippantly, trying to resist tho impression he produced, but the ovidont interest he took m her welfare touched hor in spite of herself, and prompted hor almost invol untarily to hold out her hand. Ho grasped it warmly, and she added with a littlo reassuriug nod— “ Au rovoir, my revered pastor and master. Cast away all foar as uuworthy both of us. I tell you everything will bo rif^ut. Your pupil lms not the smallest intention of disgracing either horsolf or you." Aud then sho vanished behind the heavy folds of tho red curtain concealing the doorway, and left him to think what an idiot ho was, and yet how impossible it was to help boiug ono whoro Bho was concorued. “She’s a veritable sorceress, a witch, an enchantress, and I am her alavo!" reflected Jack Clinker, os ho wound his way to the paddock in ordor to superintend tho saddling of King Olaf. “ I wish to God I wore a rich mau, I’d ask her to marry mo to-morrow, uot that I expect I should liavo the ghost of a chanco. Thoro aro sorao women ono fools suro ot, butane 13 iuuot contradictions—cnarrnmg ouo minute, cold tho next, made up ot variety ; 1 tantalising, sarcastic, lovable, and delightful by turns, but not tho sort of girl to lot a follow thiuk slio caroa two straws about him, whether she does or not. Well, for mv part I liko such womon. Easy conquests lack piquancy, and nothing good in this world it to 00 obtained without troublo, delay, and striving. All tho same, I wish she woro uotso damnably rich. It makes a man look like a fortune-hunter, and no ono gives him orodit for disinterested nffoc* tion. If I proposed to Miss Browser, kind frionds would say l carod only for her niouoy. Ilcigh-ho! It's uucommon hard lines, in more ways than ono, being a pauper, or noxt door to it. A chap’s obliged to stick to his bacholor habits when all tho income I10 possesses baroly sufllcestopay hia cigar aud Uowor bills, and yet, upon my soul, I’m getting awfully flick of singlo blessedness!” While awaiting Kato’s reappoaranco ho pur* chased a card, and looking over it found there wero hut buc horses colourod, nuinoly, Lady Anno Birkott’a brown gelding, Hastings, ngotf, pedigree unknown; yellow aud black stripes, yellow cap. Mrs. Porroiter's Singing Bird, by Musician out of Lighthoart; ecurlot, scarlot* and-black cap. Mrs, Paget’s grey gelding, Duncau Groy, aged, podigreo unknown ; choco* late, pink sleeves and cap. Miss Brewsor’s chestnut gelding, King Olaf, by Norsemen out I of Ice Maiden, six yoars olu; sky bluo and | gold. Mrs. Paipp’s black horse, Black Anstor, | aged, by Historian, dam unknown; chorry, yellow band; and Miss Palliser’s bay mare, Coquette, lire years, by the Boau out of Scandal, “ H’m.*' said Colonel Clinker, when Ivato ro ontored the paddock in all tho glories of her racing kit. *‘Outofthatlot wo may miss two —-Hastings and Duncan Groy—straight awuy. I Poor old .Hastings is a long sight too far gono , in tho forelegs to take to steepleohaaing as an amusement in his declining years. I should not be at all surprised if ho did not oven got round the course; As for Duncan Grey, bo’s a Mow, lumbering brute, who can’t gallop fastor than you cau kick a hat along. Ho’s no more use than a headacho, and though a fairly good fencer will not prove very formidable* S&ninj; Bird is a well-bred animal, and tho Ijcst of Mrs. I' orrcster’u lot, but with that lady’s mania for purchasing cheap or.i3 and mixing thorn with all sorts of experimental articles of food, Ivory inucu doubt her ability to stay. Nevertheless, thOUffh liot ill thcDCimi atrnfil. with 7*mir ni..f though not in the ennui struct with'King Olaf! it won t do to estimate *Sin^in;j Bird’a chance too lightly. To Login with, an :t four-j’enr-old Mio takes tho alloawnco, and, secondly, tho nor vlccs of so cxnorionced n Dporlmvoimm as Mrs. borroster wilf add many pounds moro in her favour, so that altogether wo must regard tho pan* as decidod adversaries. .Mrs. Forrester will nuo n, waiting race throughout, in order that if tho hu.ro comes to grief, she, mi n tortoiso, may proht by tho occurrence. Sho will tako ad vantage of the smallest error any of you , commit, and won't go over a yard of unncccs* sary ground. In fact, no highly do I ostiinato Mrs. Forrostor’s clmnco, tlmt wore thoro any hotting on tho trausatloa uho ohould cortainly carry all my place money. Having diapoBod of nor, wo uext arrive at Black AiiBtor. I know him well of old as a rare good liuntor, bus alaa! possessed with that not infrequonfc infirmity—• shortness of broatli. At tho first symptom of a tussle this little defect in hie respiratory organs will interfere with his powora of winning, and m my opinion annihilate them altogothor. And now wo corno to Miss Pallisor’a Conuotto—a dark animal, of whom noithor I nor anyono olse know, any thing—purchasod, I fancy, purp03oly tor this occasion, and protty euro to bo dangor* ous; so much so, iudoed, that I hoar aho has backed horaolf to win for fifty pounds. All I enn nin to T/1nn...llnU.._t. __>_ .. ... -H.Muutouii tu niuiut unv puunus. All i can say is, I dovoutly hojio ano may lose. How* ?vor, I adviso you to koop a sharp look out on that objectionable female’s movements, for aho is capablo of anything, nud if I mistake not reilllT mrAO rnn n ra.,„u„ »> \--r”"*w UUU already owes you a grudge.” ‘‘Mo ? *\ exclaimed Ii Ivato, innocently. nd hnr. nmwP'» wAu»umiuu avaio, inn What have .fdono to offend hor, pray?' “ Youmay’woU ask that question. No \- ““ -**•*,7 nwii t»3ik biliib 4UU8UU11. Nothing. unlesait be you have ridden a trifle too hard in tho hunting-field to plcaso he^majeaty.,, “ Oh ! auo*3 that aort of woman, is aho ’(** Vorv much that sort of woraau, So bo ixtromoly caroful how you givo hor n clmnco of laanomng or knocking you out of the course. ” \--v ♦ IUUMJU U|»OU ill 18 S i auiaor oa a vary harmless personage," “Anil thereby displayed your intonsoi ranee. Sho'a anything but harmless. On tho contrary, she's exceedingly mischievous and exceedingly jealous. However, forewarned is foroarmed." 4\3f,J’°“ invo,’8h iu such strong terms against the Iaay, I shall begin to suspect that you are a disappointed swum," said Sate saucily. “ A disappointed swain, imiuod 1 echoed ho, laughing heartily. “ That is capital, but your surmises aro by no means correct. For many as lmvo boon tho passages of arms between myselt and Mias Palliser, any interchanges af a toudorer uaturo havo beon loft out in tho cold altogether. It will have to bo a very long bow, shot by her ancient band, that succeeds in sending adart into my honrt. “ T/ntt” with an emphasis on tho word, “has boon reserved tor someone ulaotodo." Ho sent a swift inquiring glance at Kate, and those clear oyes produced so much confusion that sbo turned hor hood aside, beforo, after a pause, auswuring coldly r “ Vou aro enigmatical. anil motaphorical language is always difficult to understand. I object to Cupid's weapon, and also to Cupid mwielr. as a young gentlomau of erratic and unsatisractory manners. But hero comes Mrs. b orroster; lot us go and hoar hor ideas on things in general." Decidedly Jaok Clinker’s fonder insinuations voro not imiianiir .><■>< 1._i_ wore not amiably recoived/anTfoir^armToss to the ground* like n poor woundod, Buttering O J, f“°* WVUUUUUJ UUlil bud, who strives to take wilig aud soi high, and yot who at each endeavour recog nises moro and more its uttbr poworlossueas. He was boginning to find it bottor to stick to generalities, and not attempt a forward policy that was pretty aura to moot with rebuff. Ho gave uo outward expression, howovor, to his toolings of discorafituro, but advanced to moot Mrs. Forrcstor with- all good grace. Noithor he nor Kate could refrain, from a broad smile when they viewed tho old lady,, who, arrayed m a ruitv brownskirt, adornoil with a hum leather patchtat .tho-kDOd|.and a looeesearlot Garibaldi, mdoedlookod ae if sho deepieed all thoso edecte producod by perBohal adomtaout. Her sharp oyoa immediately deloctod an ox preaetoa of amusement oa hor companions' “ Ah !** she said, ** you aro laughing at iuy got-up, I can seo. Never mind, I'm uncom monly proud of iny raoing colours. They coat mo tho large sum of. three aud; threeepneo half pouuy, inomding.tho cricketing cap* 1 bought a remnant of red ilannol at tospencs a yard, andconsidor Idid.tho-thing very ooonomically. Now if I tumble about tho dirt I shan't have any ilao clothos to spoil likosom* of you smart young people," with a good-humoured glance mora*ffr.« ‘ Sarm°Qt'» will wash, which is more than can bo said of yours." esttmabliPjSUdpAjjJipALf- .»~*y — sure bont? possessed a frugal mind," said Colonel Clinker gallantly. “It's a pity] for*Sblao pooplo thoy don't re joice in a similar virtue/'retorted Mrs. For rester. “If you were to-practise economy, Master Jack, for instance, there would bo no great harm done." “ And porhaps no great good oither. There ! must bo some extravagant people in the world, ] if only for the sake of promoting trade. Are you going to win, Mrs. Forrester V" 1 “ I wish I could answer that question, 1 ' moan to try." 1 “I was Just tolling Miss Browsor that you and Miss Palltsor were the only two com petitors sho noad really four." “ / dou't count for much, I'm afraid, but I hoar Miss Palluor lias sot hor honrt ou win ning, aud scoured all over tho country after a horse to her mind. That's Coquette going by now. Do you see tho big aiaro next to Miss Browser's chesuut V Looksliko spood." But further conversation was out short by tho mountiug of tho equestriennes and tho marshalling thorn forth in proper array. Time had loug Binco boon up, aud pooplo wero getting a tritlo impatiout at tho delay, though had thoy but realised tho difficulties of starting six fair ladies, pulling up thoir girths, sbortouiug their stirrups, adjusting their habits, nuu taking in thoir curb chaius, thoy might hnvo I displayed a greator leniency. Howover, at I lougth all was ready for a start, aud tho half dozen Amazons, round whom much interest was centred, oiuorged from the paddock in Indian filo. King Olaf and Coquotto cortainly carried off tho honours in poiut of looks. This latter proved a great big lino upatuuding thorough bred maro, showing a lot of miality, aud as far as appearances wont seemed likely to bo tho chesaut’s most formidable ojpponout. Singing Bird came next in tho public estimation, but sho looked light nnd in poor condition. Tho competitors now went for their preliminary; canter, which called forth many comments^ among the multitude, who freoly criticisod tho' ladies' seats and hands. Good- natured Lady Anuo, on her dilapidated steed, boatned with fun aud merriment, as if impollod to import hor own pleasure to those around. Mrs. Puget appeared decidedly nervous and ill at easo, Mrs, Phipps wob excoodingly solomu and some what out of her eloment, Mrs. Forroster re presented real business, while Miss PalUsor looked grim yet oxcitcd, and Kate resoluto. 