Jocularious. In a church last Sunday a young lady suffering from a cold iu the head while using her handkerchief managed to drop it ; she made several efforts to recover the flimsy muslin which attracted the attention of an 'elegant old chappie' in the pew behind. He seamed to labor under the impression that she had become faint and was about to flop, for, with the best of motives, he stood up ana gently took ner unaer tne arms and, very much to her surprise, raised her up. As she tried to release herself, another gentleman came to the rescue, and before the poor girl -knew what was the matter they were moving her out into the porch to the double. Naturally she was too much astonished to find words to protest, and they managed to half-carry, half-lead her some distance, when she directed an appealing look at another gentleman. He, too, promptly Tose from his seat and rendered further assistance by helping to lift her, and fiaailytthe was carried outside. The feelings of the trio, when explanations came to be given, may ba left to the imagination of the reader. Advertising is carried on in all shapes and forms in America. 'The following is an illus tration, of how they do it in that glorious country ; — In a certain cemetery, there is a grave-stone with this inscription : ' Mr -Charles Fiest will repose here ; at present he is still alive, and carrying on the shoemaking business at 41144 Larrabee street.' That is playing it low down upon the other boot makers, but perhaps he expected orders from the ghosts or possibly they would think of him and his boot-store and mention it to his spiritualistic friends. A horrible blander. — An editor wrote a headline, ' A horrible blunder,' to go over a railway accident'; but some wicked conip. put it over the account of a wedding. — o — o — Two youngsters were overheard conversing at Broken Hill. Said the first — 'My mother's hen laid a double- yoke egg. ' 'Bah,' retorted the other, 'that ain't nothing. My sister laid a foundation-stone.' And so she hod — the foundation-stone of a Wesleyan church. — Quiz. ' , Mother — 'Bobby, come tight op-stairs this instant aad change your shoes and stockings.-' Bobby—' They isn't wet.' ' Indeed they are, just soaking. I can hear them ' sop, sop, sop,' when ever you 'That's Sis and Mr. Nicefello in th* parlor.' — Quiz. 