A BAPTISM OF FIlUE. By .Tf:s.erc VAN AISTInos. 4ENrY,, 'ON Iif.AKiT rnu in his luxuri.e, 1 n??lice, lhewoin the end of his eigar. and Inltl alllyltI anthal iinll t1he stai of the' 3Money lank et, and tle inllrea? 111111 a11d very ilnconvenient ololltion tlhat1 hod lately chnracteri1ed even th1 e lilo? reckless of Speculators. Asa lionprofeoil 1111hwer of bihbbles, he lsal' Ino ptliene wilht t1hi Ii lilli)ity a1 u1ion-lli eIt others ; alu it was a1n 1lllillolod-for i exhibition of these nunleeirable lltnhtiCs in a big fiih, ulpon whonl' he had of late Iparo at' several expellive hIlnchelsllF, and wlinl be hand believed to I:e fairly linlllod, that, had diet III bed his usually lincidl I .",-n' ll, n llls\' l Illl+ S) I hi rl lh 1 f hi,0 Is fillli tlll I t' Iw332 3on1e of1the r les1 of hifo. oielif-hbio life to dwell ta1 little as pll.ille luponll any thing diirgreenbIl, aild to emllllieiIatIe lhil self for :lly li? Lnpleaaitlllors by toh dleat Ileast iol tha eat toI l llilnd. A\ ily 11lIn his hablit, lie iopenied the Ilnlll on'ly.ltei'l' lilueurfcas2 whichlt is alwlay1 so iulporttn10t a iaturet of lithe ipron0otor3 ' ailtn i; all, having llleld himsIelf Iloutlher "'.il ali iellnive branlld of i3whiskey, lit hIls :i3 li- :Ilco nt ex clensive hirald-anId alunter( fint., l:y the tins3 lie bu1 d rea31 ed lorad3h1il. street h lle hd colmpletely lnioihed hll disi appoilntment fronl Ilia ltholghl , and inl its nlead hall mllllOned ICbefore his Imental visiol all appallritilon that was enellltly pleaO'nt o00r. To tell thi truth, B1csci Langley's lfce and voice, and solo lisitinll?ie cha'rm,had hatiltdBlake prlell y plersisLently or a couplll of molthlls; and it nleelded no treat effort on his part to conjure up her imilge. Indeetl, on more thlln one oc010asio lately, in the very IheaLalltl A3ve,132 of a lively bo:ard-lmeeting, when he ne1eded all his coe elltraliola nlld 0adroitness - for Ken3yon fIktoles boaird-.nleeingl were never t:iame, but frequentelly very stormy-he 1had been statled by oime delightfiul yet t3ro 13o1 s oenoy of thlat garacious pieenlle Ll1a 1h:ld let hlis lls dalteiln1. To thliaik of ier, to wil to be with her, uld to gratify tLha3t wish was the lfatural 'eqlielnce to mn111 of Blile's dItlpositionu, l01nd n another iintloe Ia was illile a halisom 'onwlillg rahldly weoLf'ard, iatOwithal31iding Ihe fact that 1 he had two aplpointmentsl and one board - meeting that imperatively dcinatiled hils attentionl thatafoterilooni. liessie wa5i siitandlig by the 'reat north wvindlow when he camnne in, ookilng out iuprnll Jlhe trit1 gl.ardenl where thie 11un shone0 'irightly on tile rows of daflodils. \iLth tlhe swift gratlitudlof donero, they luol plucked lip heairt of g'0lcee under his genial smile, uid, turniing1 tleir backs upon thI enst wind, had resolved to bl0olom their sweeoteot. "And wlatl. have you bee dloing lately? Mfay I see3" asked lKenyon, after slin had poutred him out a cup of tena which hie swallowed wsitll a shudder, but acceptoed becaiuse he liked to watch the piliy of her white, deliberate hanoods. "Nothing; absolutely nothlilg. I have been horribly idle ; a very blight of laziness 3eelms to hanv settled on mel. lint let ns talk of somethling else ; Ill 0ot in a work. ltg moood, as I told you. hlly brushes and I re ' out.,' as Will Carleton would say." Poor Bessie I Tihe restlessnesn and dlein. ffination for stelnly work, thlat she called luziness, 0was0 the irst elfectof the disturbinlt, element, that was creep;ing inlto her life, anll to whichi sioe lad lnot becolne accustoiied. Art ihd for o long been to lier the end ail lint of life, that she couolt not as yet colll preenld l that any otller feeling muight claim nmore than a sulperfieiol interest from her. She was, mloleover, a reservedl and tender woman ;and tlhe circunlstacces of her life had served to intensify this naturIl charac. teristie. Mlotherless oil5, se hled been left to tllhe care of her great-uncle, a simple-minlded, largel-hearted old mino of the Colonel Non i:olen type, owho lived in a tiny horin olnbowered ill a big garden in St. John's w\ood. lie ilolised iessoie, anld hli pride in her talent knew no bounds. IHe took her to ltomo for two ears, and frolom thence to Paris, where she worlked for life yoirs in laulian'a atelier, and attracted the notice of -ome of the best mel in the prof?ssion by the earnestness of her work. It ons Iupon choir return to London that Unclo Colin had built ier the big brightstudio that was the real heart-home of the el5husiastio :ounu artist. The gelntle old lllan lived to ,ee lhis darlling sin fior place uponl tihe linl; uld tlheln faied gradually and p.ainlessly out of life. Belsio had no onle left but Niettlo \--Niinette, the sharp - tongued, eynical lnnogliter of Paris, whose caplabl hainds had held tile reins of their little ml0inalge there, and who hmad begegd to be allowed to Accomplllany l he to England, ratlher thllan ba parted from Bessie, who had all ulncoll a?ionsly w1ounld herself tightly roullnd ler hard heart. Ihlien Uncle Colin died, his penlsion died with hitnm; but besnsie's work brought in autlicient to satisfy their simple waints, tfo Nineelte wra a wolderful managelr. .And so the years sped softly on0, andt Bessie lived like a lilnn, Cseeing onlly 1 fewn' fellow- craftslen, and neither knlowing loor caring aught of the outsido world. Her nork absorbed her comlpletely. and fully oatitlled all the requitenilolnnt of liher nature, so that eos remnained igllorant aslid uiisus picious of its deeper needs. " She would be charling if she were a1 wonlal," a clever Frenchman had said of her toJulian : " but, unfortunately, she is only illn artist." When Bessie had first met Kenyon Blake, is lhad inlllunk froll hilmo with? a curioa instinctive feeling that was hardly strongi enlough to be disllke, but was perhaps the unconscious recoilof splotless soul front thel malirlehl ald staill of the man.II And it took all KenVyo EIlakul's tro? plerollnal magisot. ism, all hisliower of fsetllatioll1 anid astute worldly wiLdon, to conquer that tliot half. uniicocious antagonism, and to win hler con lidence as well as her liking. G.sadoally, however, shie grew to look forward to his visits, and ere very long it came to pass that maony slllnuer mlrnllgs found imn awingii'g idly in tihe lhalollnck thab wa0 sllng aeross ol00 corner of the studio, whilo sleo tried to work, and drank in his worda , all ulIitollusious of whither seh wool drifting. Dliat unfolded his echelnoes alld plans to her, and told her nmuSing stories of his advenltures and perils, for lu was a good talker and had travelled muchlll, iland seenl life unlder nlllly aspects. And in all lie reounlllcd tlhele n.a a clovecrly.rlnllaTed 'lorifieaioil..of hlioself, that roliilhow left Yeosic with the ilLressionl that someoneo else ltd told her what a princely fellow was this loellelous, blm, pllen.heartod Illll wholiii 1eli trlooited anld 0woillell loved. Sonelilcamd Ilis voice wouhl bhe low, and llis eyolr row nad, as le rouoed lcher iSylil ltLiy with~ lin well-toldl tale of oan uncunlo ellilnl ooats; of high aspirttions tlhwarted, great offlortulitiei lost, brilliaolit 0su1e10e1 dIl3.e0t0l, Itit 0o03ll hofes, inllrI.l'2t.2 aalld ta3te2 oaciliccdl, alld llilns lf diiliheaioloiitd aid irnado lckles by thn tactlcs folly of the womna hI had 1married. All this was dellicately collv?eol of 1cours ; 10ore by illflieatoion, at flirs, thanl 3y aotoilo deoraotion, old with llloiy a ikilfll-llylori olioo that Ol iit 1 iibtily Ilatterilli to Rcssie, wlo li- teletl Atlll ,iti.ed \--aloom Iored? Ahl 350e. f.o0 forced ito way at lao' into the closed chmllllb.s of her ieait, thrllln alll lI its iblb s to Ilelideleit ha' 1oi 1 inde1' his toimeatilg )oo', lid ill daer eyes 1with the ldivilne ut ret whsichl is tI lilrto ul tie 0) an l?ilalbls thaliD e \rolii~ln [ 3015 ille hl? a3lnfl o 031 otln ol steIon3 i?S'anl 3 hlorl0 tillioe d, andl Loyilly olie wrestledll w Lh Illhe devil of lhel noli rol lof oll Jac0!l wrelstlc with ille inc.- ice"or oi (:ud; 0 llil nier a tiooo vitoi'y olut for lave, bhlt olhl icotlrl oarhit, 0l1d should be tihe joy of her life, and that:L would joihaonte be a comfoab to bim alrso, Ifor henlt ached for his looelioee, andt foi the hideous mocieiry of lis man iioog to woman he did nol t love; and slhe oged with allllher generinis, unse.ll'i s?l to bring..ooo righltnes tut into hi lighted life. ItJ tortured her to e that longing, hllungry look ill his eves, allll tho pol tounes of his eilll hin ernal ltenlldeltlor Ilhnt slllln erl at tLi heIart of every true wor,,l . Alusf, that so few- wilIoni realise, otIII i it iI ton late, how terrible is tle lower of a oan who i studied outr soex, anld wlho ? does no licritslo to turn hisl e to ml i r gto i' to o elcr 'i aFrom the fiirt?. thoe l are'. again Ist.; i,0o uo 11e o e1 sily woiolyed biy . 10 ,0ill lhlences. Remiorsel-ly hre ;aothers the thouall- lit tl·o aiut ry llo tels h ofI oI tioweak lie.?es and foibles ifio his hand, aoll twbi ls themr into ia cable i1` Il?f1111 uoa. t11 vain wo sulrogl?; we ctnil?it, break it; ad those Who lillal 0 siulolici.iint oi alll. t o i tl ib I :ut oi, lihil that they hiove dtoi the klifl hin o their own heal ti an1d ltlirelled I brh' ilred(lol by wounds thlil, pell ai t lly iIevel' heal. I. ito oly t very strong mall who all resist iln tills power whlo lie has ionce o0tl'riIed the forasl?latio of its o?rrroio rlhe oroilgs ofI hi-own p 10.iOlin hfl hlln .tlrine for vitily iIt Iny price. Adl .Ii t a:s.rel'¢Oy Knyou 1 ,a, hau never 0)10"1 lrongl with such noble t?Ilo llni1h. lioven a a yoml malll, when the chi'alril iii14,ilwct iare I;grhe t, ??l could rarely atnilni en tsollli ,l to dl i tI thiet toi o Ilrpon l i i clhml tim ; ald al, folly heo hld an ilnlcirblo flab loll )I of moral fibre lthato wa the nittural isult ofi it lifo of groe?otO stelliohine0. Io liell?illh poor Boetsi's iloyal struiglo wilth I hallf cynvi I l, Isilf comllipassionnli miierlble ud how wicit led sho foelt! ari ll, I inta hoe betweenIo thel wouild cure thatl nI theln-ah, tfhen lie wouild teach her to to live I And thie I0rTo thought iof hito coming Irin uith sent the blood stlrgitlI hotly through htveoins. Bessico halidl rown very dear to him, and hle loved her i withil tlho ltruet love of which fhisl ellish, shllllow nature wn11 capabl. Thlat it wa11 i poor, wek, ileshy paroidy of the gl'ret itm?ter- passtion wal ? lessio'l mistfortune o rather thluan Keiyon'es faiult ; for, s0ch as it was, it was the best h olhad to giveo. Inevitably, the olimall cale;llt anolOell July oevorulit, in the quiet gardent, the ghostlyr white lilies tlrembled on 1eiro tall steIt io nsl thciy listenerid tlulliingly to a storly that should no ver have bpen toldf aind the dim mooonlight shel pityingly dowtn upolt i w ntoa tlliti tto lplpitting w\ith joy, fear, triuniphi, ltomiliation, and aiorzien thfotr coi lex eottions thalt L?ug at the hleart ?trings but defy analysis. At 7,l or itwoman, howevecr sheltelred and utineventflt her' girlhood mioay have been, nows w efn ise fthoulil cease to listeti and Beosie knloe. t, the hoand of tllo conqueror was hoeav y uponli her niid hetl solot wich olid never ye, stiiod to aniy passion btub the lIvi of her l'art, 0was trtgglinlg to life at tlhe call of ithe imat whos iident worlds were drolppino; like g0outs of lire into hcr iheart. To all ?trong- herirlll Wtomen the birthl of passison in a o bewilorment a torture of sweetnest leaves that the will tll limp and heflples, and blots everything from iut the world, but tell Prospero lwho ha oevoked the storm. "No, we shaill not part," hie broke in upon her nirmirli protest. "It is useless to tell meo nlot to comeo. As woll mnight you forbid your flowers here to tili towards the llight. Nll atureo is strogIIIr than you are, Bessie; ettronger than I am. Do you thinkl I lavo lnlt, rul ggled arnd fought tmy woay through tIe saroe scruplles saod doubts Iltat have Assailed you? And with the smnou result. You Ihve tried to cast out thin odream fron yoiour heart hbut, dear, you cannot. Night and day the sweet, insistent torment has clung to yoI, has pursued you with whispers of a joy too great to be renounced-not mtean to be renounced. No, you shall not speak-" lis shei triedl to stop the words that tortured her-"I know whlat you would oay, and I will not listen. All those illogical, timidll considorations would findl no placo in your heuarm if it w0re on lire likfe mine. What is the world to vyo or to lime. with its merile social laws, andl inelfectual barrier. ? Follow the voice of love in your heart, iund leave the rest to me. Do tot of eaki look up intO lmy foce, anld let It o radl thoso true eyes ! Come, Bessie ; come to not, sweet. Come to me for life-for ever I" His voice was husky with passitOl, and the arms Io held out to heor tremlled wit one of the tLruesot emotoit lie had ever llRknown. l Canllot, I cannot," shce faltered, wilh a sob in her voice. " Yet you love nm I I feel you do ; while I-miy God ! child, I worship you! Y'ou drive ule mad witih 'your quitltd, eool a70,ys anod tender ayes i Tell nme, dear," lie went ihave aiiswered ditlereoItly IYoulrd you hive been moy wife?" "Ah ! Kenyon." "Si y, world you011 Sost," very softly. "ly sweebl"t Anid in ai second olio was in his arims, ad lie was kissing tllo" grelily life shivering and tinglinig through her" Forl a moment the wonder of this now bliss that verged so closely upon pain bloteld everything fromi hr cor cioLsness, and she forgot the strugglo that was still ltiniihed, with all its doubts and fears and the dim, prophetic instinct of sorrow in the fluture. "No, sweetoheart, let me hold you 0o,' as lshel drew back hbreathless find trembingi lfrom sis paisionato embrace, " while we 1 reason a little together. If you would have iiaorried lie, why should you hesiateo to come0 to me now, why cloud your life null mine o with this chimer of the worll ? Can vou not love ioe more th.o the world ? Whatll is its verdict to you or oto o I know you so rwell, ay white darling, my ntire.souled Bessie ! Is it not enough for you lthalt 1 iunderalnd and reverence yol.u ? (.an yl o tot trust ie ?l lIoolo ytl l Iove strongll nogh for thi ?" " It is not that. I could trust you, Ken. von. I do noti care what others would thinklll ihelleasWeed, brokenly; "bllt w?o bolh 0ow0 eomothiog to auother law. ,l\O have no right to bring sorrow oil your wifeo SHushll child I You are slleakking of what you do Inot uoderotoll d I For yearn my wife and I have 1been tOhe merest acquaint-i oaices-haIrdly friends even, and the I1` lole time 'o r llct togetherr is alm osot il\ayos dliagrebul y spent. ow ho yof lloow ud) yr i:lrl: cstand a co 00, oarse, jealous naturo likro b.:I yet iuot is e good womani in her ilrpsiivo I way; bui wie are like oil andil oalor. 'toui alre )iy true mateI, the wife of my soul, ltho c11oe wotimin whoio evero'y thlouglito and iniitslll is riefponsive 1o 01y ow0. Ah ! I couil do hlo niy iilhin-loly ]doro i coo!"- atlit lro tiosllr .ivoelcau h ti fiio-''itl Llo hlolloil of thuis. o ar ltol dieo toy life ! iooi raol miake ibti Illeaven or Ill for iro t?o.ioo! .lly love, niy lovo-lU-hIs voice broke-" ihou youri o'' Inc tihof0ull1y I io be hardL lufio ti bloth; for you iknotr you cOn1iinot conidrtiiiir m to tmitvOly wiolout ouit'ortlg" It it.t ittet1oti to ier her iaciilat ion oooof licirtaiily--hers who tolh ail'ivuy behni so to o faot ith~tl ih t Was powertcs to rcoist. A sbnllgeO sioso of eflim, a0l11 0eaeC, 0,11 tuppilleaf ftiici lc def to the otolitmy ilinotit anioo fear. oo itho latovfeorw \loeek'. veir.yithinti appea e to1 | e si i iader a le t. a Pe r, a td h?fl eitera heriLali io Hioulhih, thCanr;oit of obio fboolish, lovecoravhig hibtsiio. Ah nob , that itths boilteiif s w'O t oo o aitoiw, ind tmhotl itos exits y11\'10 pifrlitlesly widlo Iiioli thto dark waout of tisecahtoliimoiOumt I At 11r01 Iho h hdrl€d htt If bittarly tor having .striven againLt Kenyo n ?o Ing. Since sihe lovedb hin, why had 0h. tried to erect larrie?rillh lt, 33 n'him, 111( ii3 o Shu, t hi 1 out. into the Iovles- cold of the world whence he dlanl comm I If 3her? T'hoso hIrrie: to, too, h3 bran htlll of sell]i3 h ne31. of clnteollptihle fear3 , for herl3i f, of tan u I33n w tl 3ly lack of .o3I3ro 1 ily in her. itot, fi 3ll111u3, w1.10 h tin. o y ; Jho ind iasteid the joy of ;elf-alt313 leatio , of self. ell eole: t ht. hl is the hearl of love; and she koow that the work shle hod to do in this world vwO the d3.llt funlf33 !.RI3 of lmk0 i?Igh er3Krllyo3 3 .ppyh3'. 'l'that wn? lihetrolns nlorali0 y of love, lt iall, I3 ils 1001 o:o.py i nIiease n ivIened by a :,lil world ";l:1'dil iont kno holw tlo'ba inul il for itf ' own ble3i3 . S(,hlio ltked bick, wilh woldeingl pitly for l 3hots!,,f, I3 i 3h3 3 3lief,3 d3ays befoire mileI had known Kenyon ; :i with Lthe grandili itrihall ula. tiolesof her llife-mlllic peatingl in er re,,ll Ith·o l fla rl ll days w ' nellll !ikla 33il 3lb i t, 3I1. i I o ng. 11 wis l t uintil ,,ling ? il3er3IwIrdS 111lll, si3lo ia0lised that they wa3ll ro?ts;' reIts w3lic3l, thooug, they /ti0 not l n"i?1, ''110li to I 3nlll i t i o m lliR l Illtli ill " IIo you reIlly lo've fi ll' ?sie ?-love me ':ertl ennllh Ill h! titc ha ippy, jllnt I1 e .:il 'a 1 Slove you a t31 we hlonl3 to ea3?h other ! " eny . ii said o I let' lnei t y, 3ihe cst.lehd yet morn l.loaely to hun, an3 sili3ly laid her l iue slot, lingeHr ofn hlis c e'l "I, fior l 0 33 wa'is .3hy of wo0 11'd at tilmes ,with the onlllly ilan sll l? d ever lovelld, this W3ll3 i3 f e.eil-lt 3idtw3nLy. Applaren.ly 1the pretly :aelion . . tilled hi..m-for t3i.e lAnd m no good, dear," he went oin, a litl 3 sadly; "lt 3elier, Iecentric sort3 of fellow I; never doing, anythi ng I tldi3lke, iand 331v0r denyl il3 mIyself 3i thing I want-a-II ":rttlI, btrlt "But lcnel Ilvetwl'ent backon t fi33ile t or g e11 1 i3i a 3 ll 3c3 113I lo hd pro3ni3i3 e to cniry ti3rou 33 i. '1'1 world 33ould t3ll yoill, t rdtl you truly, that I sutil not llt to tsk for iany llgood wIll lllIS olove "--it was onel 3of .Ke3onlill 3l!o n mo.t, d3n3groli3s , and allelr;n t erick l to afflti at limes whit, natmst nLoln would look u1 lon Al quitel a recxcless candou nr a1d 3 frankness; lte, the i 1,osl tlelnt laid clnvincig linr who elver wore tilelivery of Alnntme !-" bt I worship youl, 3Il3s3o3 Anll though I have loved scores of olth ! women, n3od have been lovedo by them, no 3er ono has lilind 3l3hc power to lo3rt meIli3 a you I'er youl sweet, sweet girl !"3 do, T'i30 mont3 h spedl by a:lmost. unnlioticed by Ie.siee, who, once the igreat 3 plunge land beeon mI, ile nd forgotten all her strugg les siuldl been malt anlliooot defiintly, happy. That 3hlio bad deterior3ated oes wi0thoult Sayliing for, with td 3l3tl hulilityofa lovi3ng wolnal, l oad htried to doescend to Kenlyon's level, having found it 3imallossible to raise him to hers. Anild things had not prospered with Keyon. A finaucinl blight hand fallen on tlheCity, and he couhl tilul no 10sent for his per,,a.ve talents land no Marketl for hisn speCullativoe soelenct. Notwith tbmling his aristocratic Ipretensiol, le wasl not ,ullicti ntlya gFerot. man to wear n shabby coat with eiso ; and lavingl exlpensiVl hlits, it ws no long resoulre tibut also thlosoof his iflelds wiho were conidhlig lenough to trustn him0 . .'ess-io being in the .secrot of all lis ventures soon knew of his e fmbarrasorme 3t, and tried to stemC h the tido with her little store. Kenyon demurred t firstli, but Soon allowed himorself to be silenced with her loving solphistries. Anlld so, by forties and itie., the llender bank account grew less. And Nietto banged her plans about more viciously than evere, and drove thie dustmelln, whom sheo held in especol abhorrence, to thei verge of suicide. lndi[ ta laopring rpened bint slummrile t 3 3333de first3333 loudg.at ,3 n 3ess3o's'h or.ioo. 111'0. Blake, who ndt been onl the Continent for ni year, Signified her intentilon of p[end lig lthe seanso in London, and desired 33el3yon to look out soiO suitable lfhoeiO for her. The reiquest with its colnscquont ,xpenditure, staggered him, but as his wife was alw'ays the last person to whom lie wished his ditloulties to be known, be trusted, with the true gamblor's spirit, to some lucky oup to ot. hism astright, rand pirepl ed to receive her, lle3si looked 3 on, and for the first time grew jealou. I allo d been mo wholly iers, that she had 1a, times almost forgotten that other claimn-anld now I In vain Kelnyon assured her of his u ndivided lleigiance, nlid gr3u3 bled lus3 tily at thue annoyianle his wife',e: crce causilO iled him;l in spite of hris icretase tlo cdernsof find cileessce, the cling remained. IlReally laihed by her distliress, he devised a twhim.h losil cure, and contrived a planl whereby Bessie should see his wife and judge for herself how little she was to bo feared its a rvlal. And the cure wa compelletely succes.l Bessio had been prepared to hito othe wanull whom 8he had wronger!, 011d 1u'o0 0 very existence lhad wrecked all thle acred lhopes of w ifehoo3 d alind motlherhood that nestle at the heart of ovary womaln who it worlhy of the nlIeio ?rl. Il3 3k33e w3l3l a wenty-3lookin3 g wo n m nl whose clightnotut-thirty )eai'.t heat vily Oi her, aUnd, 3without, beilng toiut, slo gave to im:pre.sion of ,,oight find thiokness br reason of her unelastic tread and the clun.i contour of anklets msd w3rists. As a girl hte must h'oe been rather lro toty bani nconI sciously one expected to Sen liar ind the costume of the earl.y seveties-a costRlno onei felt 3333 b.had3 been becoming to her. But by soome st'range freak of form3 or feature, no skill of modern dres.iimker could bino hoer fiot to date, or hide that faial inborn dowdilness before which even Felix anlld Worth would hlave conifeslled theo el'es poerlces. To Bessie, owith hler quite, distinetive chio, thereo vant omething paib tic in this; and s she noticed Illow tho riuppilementary twist of bright lgold emplha silld the fndedness of the o0ce1 pretty hair, shel was filled with a half Collntemnptuous l:.y. This ad, colounrless woman, who ooked a though all the glad gierolus blood lad turnerd-to water in llor veins, anld who bore it whole tragedy of broken hopes and wistful strainino after "he love Ehle had losIto-if, lodeed, tiho h3ad over had it-o n her dim, white. laished eyes, cold nIever again awl kell3330 Bessio's envy. Had Kenyon Bloko, with his restless elnergy and full pulsingi vitality, his quicknlless and otivLity Of thouglht all body3 , soughti the world over for mlore luncollgeOliil ntol than this dull, lymphatllblic 33o3n0nv,033.o dragged like a 03 ill3o onefo/d 3333c0 hiscareer, it, is do03btfu ol whether hllO. culd3 have foilund one, As Ba?sslo turned away, soie realitedao n lonever beforou thatl it woi?slle wh ? wals indeed his trute wife--lie wife of his soul, o a ho hlad 0aid3; but3onltehow there w3as 3 tingo of bitterness i3 her joy tha30t she did not ui der3 It wos just after lthis that Kenyon went suddcullly to 3 i333 to try and tilt tliro SoEle of F'orltunie in fIavour of Ooe of hlis lKhlieo ? th3i3 3l3 s tr3embling i tlh b'1333. 331130 was33 3l33llllld3ity tlh 3 wo s 3 el of tho fco'33 k of33 I 3rl l11eL'ess wih wo1m1enll, he pIoeIId the'e /t a veriti3ble Pahl of 3 i33 a33c31 aou it3 ugns 3o 33o3 h le loto l (Olir tinei3 th Int33 3e3 io3 13recived th 3 a33 ily 3iovi0 g le30teis, full of 33o33es 333d 3r.33i33e3, 0n3d tsiod 3t30 vo30333 3 3ha3 3o 3 3mply sati3oieid h3r 3unexatliog liar 3 3leablo33k33 ihe3 . told je3w3 ll3', y .3i eit c 33 ' 333ger3. THitoroo shoe ho t 33,3333 delic3l3o 03ct0 3333t333 3333 3 il.333,i3 3 ?lio 0003333 e b3t3 33l333 333 Anld then lde ta-lked ilh 333330rge way 33 th3 n3333ni.333o33 thing33 3333 woI 33o3i33" to do it y tie near fltlre, titil ,es.ie IegOn to !,?ont ierself for not hiiniosnficientlynpprecijte(l thel privilego of dlenying hlerelf tho'necsc osalie, of lile, uid to feel that her boor It tIIe hIundred munt seer:m ery paltry to this princely hero of hers i Ili1t worl?e \wa to comel; and a few ionntLis aiterinnirs l?esnie ttood for the fnst time by the great. north windoiv of her studio, nold loolkid adltv out at tilre drippihg gnildeso. Some of Kenyon IBlae's kites were flying homeiloloost, anli the furnisihed hoiloe I that Ile hadl taken had to be pail for; writs lad Ilen ised ;it and altogether matters looked : ugly for hiiiii. ileossion course hand been prolmpt, and the iprelltty col,toa iadl been translferred to all anrtit who lu llong covleted it. Every}hiiiig was pakedei ; every shin~g ready for rhrdepfarr'llll; and ioor hillei.,I was hlivering patiently out in the gu.ty hall, l lled a'ish hin th st M ad nal e w ou hI re m nem b er ' ol nt! I e Inmrketing lhad yet to be done before i t.. iy i o0 obl thinki of settling dlow to terFot in thue dingy Thayer-street lidgings whither they were tboun . And already it was u nmily foliu, and the gloomy D)ecemlber afternoon wva drawisg to n close. Yet Ilessin lingered. Sllh?rwas filled with a tlelce exultation of arilice, anti the kellen, sweet plensure of being of ien to the man she loved. W\as it n(, to tide himn over a diastrous iinoment, nd to keepa roof orer his wife's hend, that n ]tiof chmeoverted everytllulg available ilito readly cons,? 1Ali, and the dellglgt of doinmg And it was with a smiling face and happy heart that Berio Lao?gloy assced out of her home. Just before Ilio reached the gate a few unnoticed twigs of " common lhonenty," which had survived thus late in a shelterd corner, attracted her attention, and with ni imopolse of pleasure, ito stoo'led to garlier thIse wilito ghosts of thIe toitshil emllnnmer. But., as her Ihand touched thenm, the tlhin, silvery dicks fluttered down amongi their dead companilons, leaving the nakeI stalks to shiver in the chill, damp air I Nearly eighteen months later, all London crowded to see a picture lihat hung in one of the gallorics of Burlington HIouse, and fihad been iturchased by the trustees of tile Cha"trey Blequest. It was a largo canvas, and bole in une corner the initianl " E. L." A wouianu clothed in sad-coloured garments stood erect in the centro of a woodland path ::d gazed striaight out at the spectator. Tile daend leaves rustled at her feet, and the bare trees were coldly outlined against the heavy grey sky of early winter. Tihe very nllirit of derolation was pictured there, and thIe key to the ntory lay in the only gleam of colour in the canvas-n- saenlet lettor that glowed and burned upon the woman's breast -the A of the Pa'rihn adultress. But it was not Hester I'ryn'oe the sinner, silent, scornful, impenitent, as her judges saw her ; but Hester, the despairing woman, alone anoing the ruins of her love, crueled and dazed by tlme cowardly defection of the man whon had been her god, her conmicence, heridcal of all that was manly and trust worthy and true. The pillars of her world had given way, and everythbing woas tottering undlr her ; for hIohad failed lher. And since he was false, what was there left for her to cling to? "lt is quite heart-breating, isn't it, Mr. Lester i" a pretty girl hand said to Undley at the private view ; but Mr. Gurnett was mistaleniwhwhenhe said that aliis Langley h ld beeno her own model. It isn't her face at all." And the man had murmured, under his breatlh, " No; it is only her soul !" Soon after Bessie had left Canal (Jardene Kenyon Blake sccured an appointment in Mclhourne as manager of some concern in which he was interested. His expenses were to be lmid, the sanlay was good, and hi was to receive a considerable sum before his departure. "So you see, little girl, we are coming out all right ; and in a few monts I shllall buy out that follow who has got our little place, and you shall have a studio of your own again," hu said, with a fine burst of lordly generosity. A few idays before he sailed, Bessie whose tuncleulatiing passion was as ready to ask in good failh as to give, told him hat lshe was literally penniless, and that there was heavy interest comingduo upon money that sbhohad raisePfor him at various timer. It was htine lit tilme eo hlud everremindcd him of tile privations silo was suffering ; and probably she would not have done no had ihe not. previously assured her that somo hundreds of pounds had been paid in to him within the week. IlBt sle had not reckoned the new clothes there rwere to buy, the diiners there were to give, and tile cigars and perflumery and wthisky to be laid in for tie voyage, and the dozen other far more implorlant claims to exhaust his imioney than the daily needs of the woman who had beggared herself for hint. " Of course, I had thought of that, andi will see to it before I leave. Don't worry or fret, for cveryl.ling in comilng straight at last." And his uanwer hald been suflicient to salii"fy IEcssio's trustful heart. To'ards evening of the day before hlis departure, after alhe had waito?l for hilm all day, a tlegramn came : ' Terribly busy. Meet me at Docks, e.s. Alexa. Soil at eleven. So sorry." Sick at heart at losing him, SResio set out at the appoiiled time, and CKenyon was tender, aid ipologetio anid talkative ; and mlore prodigol of wonderful promises tllan ever. " I've arranged overytlhig with Torwers, no iwrite to hiin the nmoment you get home, and he will see you are all right. I shall send you more the minute I land, so don't worry, miy clear, fear girl. I'm half crazy at learing you, but it will only be for a fIe ionths, andl then t'll show you how much I loe oyou !" And foolish Bessie became hopeful oncoe more, and liher sad foce grew les wIhlito and drawn as she cliing trustfully to the coward ln tflihant had despoiled lier. aMr. 'towels replied to Bessie's goarded letter in terms of strictest politeness, and regretted that Mr. Blake hed not given him instructions to net for him ill any way ; but lie inclosed that gentleman's address, andi expressed the opinion that aniy communiica. tion addrered direct to him would receive his attention. Tilne crept slowly on, and Bessie and Ninello came perilously near otarvation; for Bessio found iti was more dillicult to sell her work when she hawked it round herself than when receiving the dealers in her own etodio, since oven dealers ore not above being infllueced by the surrolldings of their customler. Then she grasped at lthu forlori hope of the gently.lcated poor teahing; and triudtged bravely through the wintrly stroels to give her leInssonls Attho emill of lth e months sheo received, through t11. 'ITowers, a cheqluo for :£10. it ,wa tIhe hlLt comnmunication ess Ieio over le..iviedlfrom tihe mran for whom hlle had sorilteild ni nul'leredl o ?inuht: although who learieId tu urIe uinuos sources iitiat he a1 s faultlessly clothed ns ever, iond uifuonding iS oemeny ithl all I-tio old opeII-haodefd Pinicety gneieroeity-umypon hiisolf. Sollle wuLllmr babble of their orro"wis to whoion?ier h,-Ins all cae, mumll so iild cOmfortu ; but, eosio was niot om1 of tlleo, anid \'eoi to filled ? ut lin in never spokell K(oul)yo's lamllel. liii tr frictii. I dio breathedul tlhe chtos of her out. It waos lm r ol e dilu b rItest. anumr aptpeal--thm onesilent cxpression of her ansuig h. Some years ihntl iasrd sice Ellizabethll fangley exhibited the liicluro which m leI lher tllOllnun : el md Silo ir n oillu lf r he most olger:rly] of'l it-l?l iat teu' wvo ell ill lIoIl iiii for it ie oiinl iin novels tihatt mlairs are tmer healed. T"ho 1lios Ilhloshaun do inot live outu.iuIe Ifihpagesof lthl ronuimcer. iub fiilu-io is "]Ietsie" no longer; the ioft diminutive doeI ncot lit thie iiuoInty ,oumn who hear,? her a~.ftelier niim" iun ull. Iht is gentiic, in moanner as of yoe, i ith tho lladded grale of tein mimlhed woorldling. lIut the trim ol'ntrs anti tl iuunstneio: t linter lnlatIurIlO has for ev er valnisied, fioi lo has mascel tblullogh hier Illptirli of lime, alll :earnled her lesIon of lifo ; and it han left iher nu meuivon, and eornifili, nid cohldly CYynical at hlcoar--Abridged from IYalittly ,'oir 