THE STORYTELLER. THE OLD VIOLIN. bv Bee sol. 1 Ie there any penauce < r any prayer That niay tare the anner't soul then lie tries To ea ch in the cane of the constant stare Of those beart-brcakinz tevildeiin; eves.— Cv-rn'ortlcj-s, cavernous flcm-worms U»i ^ue Froiu tlie paphi- crave where a dead hoi*-J It is ruore than the soul of a man iuay bear." —OWES ifECEOITTI. * "Ghosts! L*o you mean to tell ine that you, living in this latter end of the nineteenth century, actually l»elievc in ghost* T The speaker, Will 1'indar. was a mediwl student, blessed with a keenly sarcastic tongue, a caustic tltonjrh tiippaut humour, and a strongly avowed dislielief in all things supernatural. " I lionestly do; and as I have frequently told yoa, I was once privileged to receive a messenger from rite unseen myself," replied Cyril Grnssc, a pale, tliiu, eager-faced theo logical student. " Hah ! Cyril! you ore just the sort of fel low who sees ghosts—neuralgic! Was it dur ; ing Lent you saw this inystic vision ? As for our friend upstairs, old I'agiioni, whom you and Airs. Odgers suppose to be haunted' by | some pale spectre, it is either insanity or | D.T., lam notuuitecertain which, ltot my deer Cyril, anyone can see a ghost—with a j little persuasion. Let some idiot tell you a ghost story' about some particular spot—this ; room, for instance. Then you visit the place : v. ith your mind full of the story, and given a ; morbid, diseased, or hysterical imagination i (ami in your case a body weakened by fast j ing), and you see your ghost." " t >f conrse,** replied C^ril, quietly," dozens [ of so called ghost stories may be explained in ! that way. Hnt you'll have your doubts re moved some day and will rise above the I slough of disbelief which is the blackest spot on this nineteenth century of ours—I know [ the sort of cheap cynicism and dislieliet hi ! every thing which obtains with most of the ! fellows at the ' shop' (and in which you are : steeped to the lips), but you will lind that | hypnotism, telepathy, and such " Akuock I at the door iuterrnpted further conversation, ! and, dimly looming through the smoke I laden air, the landlady of the "diggings" appeared. i *' I'm afraid, Mr. Grasse, the old gentleman i upstairs is dying. 1 would be so glad if one of you gentlemen would step up to see him, for 1 am really frightened. The doctor I sent for has gone now, I Kit he told me the old ! man couldn't live twenty-four hours longer, j and yets lie insists on playing that fiddle of j his. .1 ust listen to him!" And she threw open ; a Iwize door leading into the hall, which had ! effectually muffled all sound. i>he stood, ) with a morlrid awe-struck pride in the j vagaries of her third-story lodger, watching the effect on theyoung men of the extra oniiuaty sounds, . . , I The two friends.'.listened to the weird, ' heart-tearing minor melody now distinctly j audible, which proceeded from tire top-story. ■ it was such wailing as might liave been given utterance to by aJost soul in hopeless, endless misery. iSuddenly the music stopped with on abrupt piereing discord, and a shriek rang through the it GrasseimipediateJr sprang np the^stmrsj while Piodmptddi the landlady, more leisurely. f>lieisoften Jikethis, the good frequeiit||teH^rpc«t likely he will be quite sensiblefcua^ntethow.* - Mn (a small one with music x) theyTouuil GraBse stoop In whmh, pulped up wit'1 piflowsJ^lMiV, t^DWMted figore of an old his lastMmiBMSlltoawftyfey V&. Grasse, transparent hands lying on the were those of s musician, with tbe ffroov ea finger-tips of a violinist Heside him ja> curious specimen or an old Cremona w > on which his eyes still rented. . With no nng^J^d ftndarl^k up the treasured instrument, and _placed it ing Oh a chair near the foot of the oe^ Then, observing that the old man anpe • satisfied, the young docror cureiol'y *elt ^"VfW «T" to® ^ to Grssse, who stU! gM his Hien he despttc^ed the own room forhotoe^efiently bis ofose, with returned presen •liibKwi''' K»a«' ati 6??. 1 aSmM man.' He i' fnrhM^Mis. Odgws. •^rornan, thank*"11* I,is frieii'l, to watch the ©M mail sueiy through the weary night hours. "Jle nught need me, you know," he said " You are willing and able to minister to his Jjaflily nec'Js ; but what about his soul ?" « .Mi! what indeed ?" said Pindar, sadly. "What about any ot our souls when we ccme la die same pass as this poor old man ?" 1'iien. regardless of his friend s surprise, and strangely moved by the circumstances of this jonelv and mysterious deathbed, he went 011_"\Vhat is the soul? Where is it seated? In the liend, where we boftst of a brain development superior to all other -...mils, which we call reason? Vet, look -"u."f'yii 1? a b|oW; eoine delicate >0rt;oii of'th's brain machine, mul the good, r',rt'rht kind-hearted man may develop uprignr, sucmcr or later into a fiend whom you re ligious people might well class as n 'lost soul.' and send him out of the world ad dressed to Purgatory for half eternity t" Cnil had 110 reply ready: indeed, the n'krious Questioning of the tilings that he, ? 1 is medical friend, were a source of con '? I',.;,.r to him, the more so as they fiint grief to him, the ra v'ere. lie felt, unanswerable. .n,e t«o young men sat together in I corner of the low room remote from tlm old man's Iml, that their occasional murmurs of in Ik might not disturb him. The night wore on; the conversation of the two watchers grew less and less frequent. The lire bur<ed Jow, and the solitary lamp seemed dim and exhausted; still the old man slept on. Now and again one of the young men stole to the bedside and bent over hitm ,so faint was his breathing, they sometimes thought him already dead. Towards morn ing there was n slight movement on the part "the patient, and Grasse took up his posi tion beside the bed, while Pindar prepared to incisure some iluid from a phial oh the mantelpiece. Suddenly the latter was startled by one word from Cyril—" Horrible!" followed by a sort of clinking gasp, which he thought proceeded from the old man. But no : tin* deathlike sleep in which he lay was undisturbed, while Cyril—Great heavens! what was the matter with him ? 11 is eyes were staring ami wild, and one hand was raised, as if in terrified appeal. The pale spiritual face, on which was written a strange l.U-nding of horror and courage, reminded 1'iinl-ir of some picture he had once seen of vomi'r priest in the Middle Ages exorcising a demon. This was but a momentary! tiiou mt. Hie next instant his eyes in-1 MincTivelv followed the direction of Cyril's, j and lie saw- what?—the last dying flicker of i the firelight illumine for one second the face ot the old violin, then die out and leave it almost invisible . For Heaven s satte, Cyril, speak, he said, in a hoarse whisper, anxious to rouse his I friend, yet fearing to awaken the old man. j " What is the matter?" j ■■ ] >j,| von see it ?" asked Cyril, faintly. j " h said l'indar, impatiently. " What j do ;uu mean by ?'' •' Come away from the bed," replied Cyril, : villi a shudder, averting his eyes from the j place where the violin lay. l'iudar.wiih a half-sjeptitml, half-concerned expression, followed his excited friend to the far end oi the room, that their voices might, not disturb the sleeper. Weill" saiil Cyril, solemnly, "do you believe 1 am truthful 7" ! ' Of course I do, old man," was the re sponse. " though rather imaginative." " Forlleaven's sake,don't jest," said Cyril, hoarsely. " but try to believe me on my word of honour, when 1 tell you that, as I am a living man. 1 saw for.one moment that violin transformed into a human face. Human, well scarcely human, and yet it was. The face of one dying in terrible agony. There was reproach in it, too—a reproach so bitter that it seemed to cut my heart with a real physical pain.'' " I'ooh, Cyril." said the other contemp tuously and yet kindly. " You nr.* overdone -unstrung. This sort of tiling is not tit for jou. You see. i am used to it, und have no 'nerves.' J can understand your thinking you saw such a face, because you had just been gazing at the old man, and the comple mentary impression on the retina " "Stay, l'indar," interrupted Cyril, "you make two mistake i. The old man was sleep ing as calmly ; « though he were nlrm-ly dead, and-the lace 1 saw was the lace of a woman." "l'liew!" ejaculated l'indar, truth to tell too nonplussed to know what other answer to make. 'Of an italian woman," resumed Cyril eagerly; "a beautiful lace, yet horrible, ghastly, distorted, with a curse in jt. If ever eyes looked a curse hers did. But not at you or me, oli thank God I" lie exclaimed feverishly -'not at you or inc. Her gaze was directed towards a corner of the room where there is nothing indeed save that music-stand with •no score upon it." If that is what we heard (he poor old mail plating last evening 1 could forgive even a ghost for cursing it," said l'indar flippantly. Then, growing serious as he looked at his g.K.o.ua taa Ui; 1UUIYC** U> IHO friend's pale face—" But come, old man. you are just overdone a bit. Go and lie down and try to get a sleep. The best way to treat all bad spirits " (lie could not resist add jug}" »3 to sleep oil the. effects." . They once more approached the bedside, to find its o.'vnpant awake, with wide- open, furiously brilliant eyes fixed earnestly upon them. " You arc kind, signori botlj 1' he said with a strong Itiliau accent. "Have you watched beside me through the whole long mglif'" "It is still night," said Pindar, hut the old man slightly shook Ilia heart nnd pointed with one lean linger toward®: the window, which was cuvtaiiiless,. where, , .. wao vuvwnnies®. vvnepe, ""perceived by the two studefits, the tlrst faint glimmpf of dawn was visible. 4 'I bike a rny oi forgiveness across the black j right of remorse," murmured; tbe oia man. j Tray Ileaven it may loe att I lie sMil earnestly, turninem Cwtf' x.«« r. * i «« sua earnestly, turningTp Cyril: . *r!.l n priest, is it not so? YY til you answer ore mm Question? May we atone by yentorse. Wd i ri'Dontnnw: while wearebhtliia^l^.t^tHv sins we have committed or hfast. U'U wpp j for the cleansing tires oi Punrntnrmr ■ (ic;-.» tile cleansing fires oi P»rgald|to £ * ,«i ' Sir!" said Cyril .^;i evidently of the ltomi&h; fftith, \yliUd j mtestant, therefore myauswer could «*««» satisfy your doubts." " Kbbene!" said the old mail Itnptvtwntly* i Kven so. all Christian priests .apjotpefih®! bad, are they not? Heaven krtbwa. b i "ot been ton good a son of the jioly Hothet' l Cliutch to find fault with your doctrines. I Can you not tell me, as a Christian tnattj your 1 opinion V . He seemed exhausted tjy. irritated by Cyril'* 6\\)ei>ce VW>ul?in«^ 11 • - —wowmn auinoiTtaUvenefiS, Bigucdtol Mul to gratify the request n.i'.Hrtnk, then," said Cyril earnestly, o^S^fcood God who made utrkhotvabl anV«ci'V1^Ul- w"akneHBP» <w.3 — JJi will at the iiSS'ii 'WimmMNh 1 cnectually the amount we must feel after j death, besides helping us to strive after a 1 better life while on this earth." I The old tnau seemed satisfied, and even | Pindar w as impressed by the glowing enrneBt ness of his friend, which had increased us he j tallied. ' !" said the old man again ; " it is | , IL IS too late for me to think of this life; your friend there, who is, 1 believe, a doctor, will tell you my sands of life are nearly run." He censed for a moment, and then said suddenly, "Signori, I should like to tell you my story. I do not wish to die without confiding its strange misery to some one, and I w ill have no priest brought to confess and : shrive ine. You two young men ore! sufficient for my needs—one n doctor for the j body—my: miserable, worn- out body!—t and one (with a wistful glance at Cyril) tor i my still more miserable and pain-racked soul. Toll ine, my friends, will you add to your kindness by listening to. my lust words ?" * Cyril hnstened to assure the old man of his willingness to gratify this request; but Pindar demurred to the idea of the exertion it would involve on the part of the patient, l'aglioni, however, refused to be considerate of his failing stock of strength. " What matter a few hours more or less of life now t" he said, and Pindar, fearing to excite him, reluctantly consented. "Some thirty years ago," the old man began, " I was a young man (for I am not as old as one might suppose), young like your 1 selves, and yet different, for I sometimes j think that fire ran in my veins instead of t blood. They said in my native town of .S j 1 that I was possessed by an evil spirit, and yet how they crowded to hear me play. The whole town used to congregate to gether in the evenings, and the young men and maidens would dance to my music, their feet Hying over the ground—faster, faster— as 1 led them, till the town grew famous for i its dances, and the great English, who tra vel ! over the world, heard of it, and came miles . [ over the steep mountains to see them and to | j hear niv music, for the villagers said they ■ could dance to no other in the world as they I could to that of Giovanni Paglioni. Wildest ! ami most graceful among the dancers was I Giulia Valcanti. Everyone was surprised | when she married nie. Eor I had laid by no i money as had other young men of my age, and was besides of a strange temper, and would, sometimes, when the inspiration of composition was upon me, shut myself up, refuse to see or speak to anyone, and go without food for. perhaps, two or three days together. "Hut women have strange fancies, and Giulia loved me ; needless to say, I loved her | too. with all the pent-up wildness of my youth. On her I lavished a similar fervour of devotion to that with which I worshipped my v iolin. Nay, rather, it was the same, tor was she not the embodiment of all my dream-. melodies. Never a soft syiph-like measure did I write without in fancy seeing it trod by Giulia's dainty feet. Never a wild rapid dance of lays or spirits that I did not see ) Giuliu with her dark locks Hying, her bosom panting, and her wonderful eyes Hashing; their thrilling glances through me. So you; see, my friends, I loved her. Always re-! member that 1 loved her. We were married ; altera short betrothal, for one of your invat Kngl.sh milords had been so charmed with J my music that, at ltis own expense, he swore i lie would give to the world my cherished j ojvM'a. It was to be brought out at N , j a large town some distance away, famed for its music-loving population. And Giulia, ; who had a line voice, was to take the part of the heroine. 1 did not care for this, but J.ord A insisted, and Giulia begged me so j prettily that 1 yielded. Who, she said, could j dance to my wonderful music as she could— ; she, who knew every note? So, as I said, I i yielded, and immediately after our marriage \ we went to X and began the great work ■ oi preparation. | " I was to take the. first violin part through out, hut, in addition to that, to assist the con ductor, for my music;, they said, was so strange and original that 1 alone could cx i pound it to the different membeis of the orchestra. | " What a blissful time was that period of ! two months! We almost grudged every : moment of study, since it interrupted our ! Jove-making. Hut again, we almost grudged ] : wasting our time witn lovers' nonsense when j ' we might have been perfecting our respective | ' parts in the great opera. Often has our poor j mean lodging been beautified by the dazzling ; i apparition of my beautiful Giulia as she1 i danced for sheer abandonment of joy, while ; I played the grotesque, weird dances of j : which the opera was full. (It was founded j ! on one of Our mountain legends.) j " At last the great day came, or day, rather, ! of the great night, which was to make our | fortunes, aud to raise me to everlasting fame. ! And to add to ui.v happiness Giulia had pro mised never to ask to take another part after j | she had once, as she said saucily, made my ; ! opera famous. j " before we set out for the theatre I took j my wife in my arms and told her of the lite j | we would lead, ft dreamy poetic existence of j seclusion, where. 1 could compose fresh1 ! operas, and she should he always beside me j-to inspire me with fresh themes. It struck . me that she did not seem so responsive as j i usual, and the first thorn of jealousy was, J planted in my breast I already regretted ! allowing her to take tthc part of Nina, 1 since it must expose her to the unbridled nd i miration oi the multitude, and might make | her dissatisfied with my love. Hut 1 said i nothing, and we set out for the theatre. | "The overture was played successfully, and 1 was listened to in critical silence. The cur jtftin rose, and a troop of villagers sang the [ opening chorus. Then appeared amongst ! them Nina, and the music changed to a daintier measure, and slio began one of her j fantastic dauces. Easter, wilder grew the | music, and when the dance ended the audience broke into a thunder of applause. " All went well through the first act, and j we went behind the scenes for a few ; moments' rest and refreshment My first i thought Avas to. seek Giulia and praise her for net part, but my search was in vain, j litmg afterwards 1 heard that she had grown faint after the dance and had begged thorn; not to . tell we. * Where could she be V 1 wondered. i "Befora l could find her the bell which summoned the orchestra to their places .effiWlif stopped my search. Hurt and angry, 1 took my place, and the curtmn rose. The some was a cave, abrigand prison-house, from which Giulia, in her r6le of Nina, was to be rescued by the hero. Heaven curse libn S Yet uo; for he was inno cent, " I was fiercely excited, Signori; that night I was tmd ; and when I saw Giulia and the tenor clOsped in each other's arms, pouring out their souls in an ecstatic love song, the demon of jealousy suddenly awoke in me. m ^rrihle distinctness and enemy some nprrlbledtseords.whiohdoininatedandeflfeclu ally stopped ail the other instruments. Every thing oalue to a standstill. Thru, while the audience and performers were alike too spell bound to speak or move, I sprang on to the stage. The audience rose with one wild howl ot rage, like a pack of wolves hungry for a victim. Cries of ' Kill him 1 Kill him!' sobered me slightly, and I saw that escape would he diHicult. flushing to Giulia, I dragged the terrified girl with me, and as we passed the main gas-meter, 1 turned it off and * vv'l0'e theatre in inky darkness. " My poor wife seemed in a stupor of fright. , 111 rough the darkness we tied, I half-drtig gmg, half-carrying her. 1 can hear now the shrieks and imprecations of that pent-up audience. 1 will not weary you with the de tails of our flight that night from N to the little town of It , some twenty miles away. '' My poor Giulia, dazed and terrified at the sudden madness which she supposed had tir1-i ,nu>» c'uno tremblingly to one arm. »i ith the other 1 clasped my violin. My two treasures were safe now, at least, safe from the insults of the outer world. Strange ! Even when I supposed her false to me no thought of vengeance or anger against her found place in my mind, only the desire to [ hide her away from danger. Alas! scarcely had we found a humble lodging in the town when Sim became ill, and soon grew deli- \ rious, and the idea which took complete j possession of her was an intense hatred and i terror of my violin. The doctor, whom, i though I was almost penniless, I felt com pelled to summon, warned me that I must j not let her be annoyed with the sight or j sound of it._ lie also prescribed some1 soothing medicines, and, after declining the small fee which I could offer him, departed, j I yieldeil to his orders in so far as to put the J violin out of her sight; but we had only one room, and I could not trust it anywhere away ! from my own care. " Weeks went by; my small stock of money was exhausted. The fever bud left Giulia, but left her weak and requiring luxuries which I was unable to procure for her. I could scarcely buy her daily bread and wine. And it was at this juncture, my friends, when my wife was hovering between life mat death and needed all my care, that again the madness and frenzy of composi tion seized upon me once more. Never since Giulia's illness had I touched my beloved violin, though my fingers had ached for it. Now, battle as I would against the desire, I felt that I must hear again its dear voice, pouring forth the melodies which threatened ir pent up longer to overthrow my brain. Giulia lay half sleeping on the bed. Like a criminal I stole guiltily to the corner where niy treasure was concealed, and softly drew it forth. The sound awoke her. She looked reproachfully at me, then seemed to make a strong effort at self- control. I saw her shudder us I took the violin from its case, yet she watched ine as though fascinated. " Only that morning 1 had told her that I had at last succeeded in iny quest for pupils ; and f think she hoped that I was going to take it with me. To this day I can remem ber the fearful struggle between my love for my wife and the desire and frenzy of com position. I had meant to go out and en- j dcavour to procure her some more nourish-; ing food on the strength of my promised em- j ployment; but 1 was held fast by the demon of my madness. I looked at Giulia, pale, shadowy, death-like, and her reproachful eyes seemed to scorch my soui, but alas, already I had touched the fatal strings. . What! should I lose to all the world, not to j myself alone, my lovely music, for a woman's| whim. My lingers grew to the strings.. Avert ing my- eyes from Giulia I began to play. Like a .mountain torrent came surging from brain to lingers the glorious harmonies which had for weeks been longing for expression. Everything was forgotten but my lust for the sweet sounds. Ah, dying Giulia, your most heart-rending glances were of little avail in my madness. I know not how long we re- j inained thus ; occasionally I looked at Giulia j ami saw that her eyes were dilated and her lips moving, but I took no heed. She seemed but a iigure in a dream to me, my music was ' the only real thing in the universe. Suddenly | Giulia raised herself in lied, and with a look of mingled agony and hatred at the violin, began I to speak. * My curse!' she cried. There was 'astrange, gurgling sound, a rush of blood j from her mouth, and I flew to her side. My reason was restored only to lind my wife dying in my arms. My violin, at last un heeded, lay beside her, steeped in her blood, lier hist look was one of lur red at it. " Signori, I will not dwell on the details of my misery ; suffice it to say that the doctor, who was again summoned, found her dead^ and on hearing my confession told me j angrily that I had killed my wife. In her j : weak state any excitement or anger, he said, j was necessarily fatal. Since then I have ] ! lived for many years, and my violin has been : j at once my only comfort and the expiation of ! my sins. For, as a sacrifice to my wile's ! memory, I have strangled every genu of com | position which arose in my brain, and earned j a meagre living by playing in various poor or indifferent orchestras in many parts of the world. Only of late have I permitted my self to compose one thing, and tliat is a dirge to her memory, which 1 completed last night." I'aglioni had not achieved hist story so far without mauy pauses from exhaustion and weakness, during which l'indar invariably administered a strong restorative, and so enabled him to continue. Now he lay silent for sometime, and then said, " Signori, there is one thing more you can do for me ; as you see death approach me closely take this violin, to loved, so hated, aiul bum it before my eyes, Will yon do this for me V The two young men assented, Pindar from a professional desire to humour his patient, and Cyril from a mingling of pity for the old man's remorse, and a touch of media; vol ism, so inseparable frotu a lligh^ Churchman, which predisposed him to delight in any mystic rites. The sun was not yet risen, as Cyril, with the solemnity of an old-time priest preparing a burnt offering, proceeded to revive the dying fire. As the lire burnt better the old man's face grew greyer, and l'indar made a eign to Cyril that he was fast sinking. Still he made on effort to place the violin in the hands of Cyril, who as solemnly took it, and laid it on the burning embers. There was a sudden blaze, a loud sound like a groan from the violin, and the old man, with u dying eff ort, raised himself in bed. , " See!" he cried. "Ah, the dear Lord be thanked, she forgives me." .... The two young men were characteristically employed, Grasse kneeling with closed eyes as , in prayer before the holocaust, l'indar iu propping up the dying I'aglioni. At this cry from the old man they both turned and looked at the burning violin. To this i day Cyril Grasse maintains that lie saw it transformed into the face of the dying Italian woman, but this time with forgiveness stamped upon it Pindar says nothing. "Giuhas Of Pagiioni nothing remains but" Giulia's j Dirge," which some day l'indar intends to publish, 1 