STRANGE REMEDIES. CUAXEBER'S 1JOURNAL. | ^ Credulity, and superstition are not con fined, to thc-lowcr classes [alone in Ire land.: A story told ins as actual: fact by au-educated '1ndy,- the daughter and:'sis i ter of a clergyman,!might very 'Well > bo classedj]as an: instance: of both: Wo were discussing :tho subject of : clidrms; "and I:was surprised to sec'that* > she }ibe ■beved in them herself, as did also her reverend : brother!': " I cannot doubt what I know to be true •-myself;" - she said ; and told' us: the" folio wing"; fcile,' which I give in her own'.words:—"There •was a man in our village, a respectable shopkeeper,who was afflicted with an en ormous tuuior in his check. . I well re member the feelings of awe and curiosity with 'wliich I used to inspect his profile iri church when I was a child. He . sat a few pews in front of us, and I could not resist the temptation of watching him all through the service, and - looking ' for the grotesque effects of his enormously exaggerated cheek. His infirmity seemed to increase with" years, aud the poor man was a frightful object. One day not long ago I passed a mail in the village street'whose face I seemed to know, and: yet I could not think of "his name. It suddenly dawned upon me it was- Mr without his. swollen . cheek ! 'I could hardly believe my senses, and fol lowed him into a shop on purpose "to see if it really could be the ihnn I had seen only the Sunday before, so' marvellously changed in such ashort' time.:'Yes,- 'it certainly was Mr———;'- He" addressed me first, saying,I suppose you' hardly recognise me and he then told me how he was cured. It was by a charm ! He was advised to go out the first night the new moon was visible, and/after sayiug, 'In the name of 'Father, ' Son and Holy ' Ghost,' to wave a 'din ner plute round . liis" 'licad' nine times towards the now moon:' "Ho did so; and in tlic morning liis tumor ' bad completely disappeared!" Such was tlie talc told to me and implicitly believed in' by an educated Irish lady. The lower orders of Irish are as a rule ratlier hypo chondriacal, and they are fond of trying peculiar remedies for their ailments: A favorite poultice for wouiids is aparafliuo candle scraped, and some cabbage,'all boiled together. A'simple but rather unpleasant remedy for a cut leg, was re commended to an old man—it was to sit with his leg in abogliole all night.' gThis be tried with perfect success. His leg got quite ivell; but as he died of bron chitis a' few days afterwards, be did not long enjoy his " perfect cure." A car penter who in chopping wood had cut a slice off liis shinboue with . the hatchet, first applied a poultice of nettles and salt. This not healing it immediately, he put on a bandage soaked in Ycuico turpen tine. As the wound remained obstinate, and even got worse under bis gentle treat ment, be determined to be firm with it and show it lie would stand no more nonsense ; so hq burned it with blue stone ! Ho did not lose the leg; .but it did not recover until less heroic remedies were used.. A poor man suffering from inflammation of tlic eye caused by a thorn, had blue-stone blown in. He did not lose the eye. A favorite remedy for every kind of internul pain is liot vinegar punch; indeed, vinegar taken either cold or liot is considered almost a specific for everything. It must be com forting in some cases! It is much lised for'a " squcezin"oil the heart,", whichjis the commonest complaint of all. : .They arc a kindly and sympathetic race,always ready to help each other iii cases of sick ness, cither with" nursing or good advice but I.fear in, most cases ,the remedies' prescribed are far worse than the disease.' A village tragedy occurred in my.know ledge. A young blacksmith whose, wife had presented him with their, first baby, was horrified to find that tHo infant was born with teeth. So unusual an event luiist be unlucky ; so the poor baby's teeth were drawn by the'.'unskilled hand of the blacksmith. The baby died ; and the mother, shocked and grieved by the scene, died soon afterwards. "But[sure, lie'd'never Lave bad luck or grace if them unlucky teeth hadn't been dhrew." A: competent authority on dress dc-". clares; in the New York Tribune, "- that the coloring of a gown should 'always, harmonise with the hair, that the • lattor is always the key-note of the whole ar rangement, and whatever blends agree ably with its tints is sure to be becoming. A person with rod; liair should ! always' wear brown as much 1 as ' possible ; the, pale blues and other light/tints,' so!much affected by persons of this coloring,1 are hot nearly so effective." A Titan beauty, who has tlio courage of her convictions, rarely wears any other color; she dons brown cloth, brown velvet; and even brown-tulle ball-dresses ; she -conse quently lias always an air of distinction, and is invariably a symphony in color. It is often the case that these ' temptingly pretty pinks, blues, and '. lilacs, ' do not make the wearer look'so well as some less obvious color— A New York wbinan of society had- a~-beautiful "yquhg'"cOusiii from an inland town visiting her,- whom she proposed to introduce to society, and she was particularly anxious' that her first appearance should bo a success.''.The girl was exceedingly handsome, but ■ her clevor hostess at once recognised'the fact that lier robust, full blown beauty 'VCt/ quired careful management. • "'Show mo your gown, Annie," she said,an'd to gether they tried on tlie pretty ivhito nnd pink ball dress, which, although charm ingly fresh, failed to satisfy Mrs E -'s' ideas.: " She is, without doubt, very, pretty, but she looks too buxom, and she certainly wants distinction ; she would hardly be looked at twice,"" was her verdict to herself ; then she added aloud: " "Wait a moment, dear." ' and, leaving tho room, she returned with';fa;simple black-tulle gown of her own, inade with' a jet cuirass waist that fitted like a glovo with the -merest ' edgo ' of black lace around the low-cut neck-and tiny sleeves " Try this,"-she continued. The effect on the 5 girl was -truly, magical, and slid looked really regal; '" You '■ shall wear it to-night," said lier cousin,- decisively ; and the result proved' the truth of her logic. - The "Western beauty was a com plete and brilliant success,-7 and,"' after dh'at evoning;;slie c'ould wear" what'-she' liked, as/she was universally conceded to be the belle of tlio evening. : owe it nll-to your black'gown, Cousin Hello," she declared, with becoming - modesty -and was probably not ultdgether'wrong.' ., Wool: " Joblots holds tho belt just 'now as the meanest-man',ih town." Vaii1 Telts : i" "What lias bo'done i"' Wool: -His'-'mother in-law asphyxiatcdhcrself, ;and' be'; made a kick on the g"s bill:"'-'ft- -/ l- - J 