A HEART'S MISTAKE. CHAPTER XXXIV. mrs. franklin seymour. The proprietress of the Scholastic and General Appointment Agency, No. 2000 Mayfair-street, had had rather a dull morning of it, this 18th day or uccooer. How's business, old lady!" de manded a rusty-looking man, who entered at last with a bundle of papers in his hand, and a pen behind his ear. ; " Well, business is poor ; I won't deceive you by pretending, any other way, Simon. Either folks has left of! wanting anything to do, or else there ain't anybody that wants anything done." " Hardly that," observed the man called Simon, who was in reality the nephew of the woman, and part owner of the Scholastic and General Appoint ment Agency, as he turned over the leaves of the several mammoth leather- bound books on the high desk, " be cause here's lots of 'Situations Wanted' and 'Wanted Capable Girls' as no body's filled up as yet !" , "Well, then, folks is runnin' round the world at cross purposes, and that's just as bad for our trade," said the woman. ' " Hain't heard nothiu' from those advertisements of yesterday and this mprnin' l" queried "Simon. ' "No; but .it's early hours yet— nob 10 o'clock, Simon. Hush, here, comes someone now." ' i "She assumed the smooth, smiling air of a well-to-do business woman at once, and Simon retreated behind a second desk at the other end of the room, whero he busied himself with un tying and sorting over his packet of papers, bills, ifec., as the creaking door opened, and Sylvia Burton came into the room. "Good morning, . miss," simpered the proprietress, pulling her head as far on one side as her fat neck would admit of. " Fine day for this time o' year, I'm sure ! And what can I have the pleasuro of doing for you this morning ? Any help wanted ? Or a sitooation to teach ?" < ' Her first question was prompted by the ladylike grace with which Miss Burton walked up to her desk — the second by a glance at the somewhat; shabby dress she wore ; but Sylvia's answer soon decided her position in the proprietress' mind. " I wish a situation as companion to somo Judy// she said ; " I believe you advertised some such places, in yester day's papers ?" "Well, we did," said tht? , old woman, reaching down one of- her ponderous volumes, and beginning to turn over its leaves one by one, -wetting her fingers at her lips as she did so ; "but we've had such a drive o' busi ness since that. Ilowsomever, there may be . some left. I'll look and see, anyway, whilo you're a settlin' with my partner at the t'other desk I" " Foe, ten shillings, iniss," interposed Simon, with a disagreeable smile, as Sylvia looked round. " Ten shillings," repeated the young girl. ' "Is not that an unusually large price?":' i-. - Not for this kind o' business, miss. Them as is willin' to got a second- class place can go elsewhere," said Simon j " but we don't keep none but first-olass. "I. want a first-class situation, of cojirse, but " " Then you shouldn't object to payin' a first-class price," coarsely interrupted Simon. Without another word of re monstrance, Sylvia halved her poor little stock of money by laying down ten shillings on the table. Simon clutched at it as a raven picks up a grain of corn. " What nume is it?" he questioned. Sylvia hesitated slightly. She knew the expediency of abandoning the name of Jones, which had become to a certain degreo identified with her of late ; but she was truthful by nature, however sadly her education had failed in carrying out this mental bias, and it was not so easy to speak out this \- new falsehood. "What name, miss?" repeated Simon, in a louder voice, and she hastened to reply. " Cluuiiicny — Jane Chauncey." "Well, Miss Chauncey, this 'ere fee entitles you to a month's use o' the Scholastic and General Appointment Agency — you can come as often as you choose for the noxt thirty days, and we won't find no fault. ' If one tiling don't suit you we'll guarantee to find, another. Now, look sharp old lady," to the proprietress, "and find a first- class sitooation for Miss Jane Chauncey." " I've got the very thing," said the old woman, who had been waiting for several seconds with her finger on an outry in the book. "Mrs, Morton Williams wants a companion — nice quiet place, six children. Will be treated as one of the family. 'Must be competent to act as housekeeper on occasions, and mind .the shop in -the confectionery when Mrs. Williams is out." " ' i Sylvia draw back. . "I. do not think I should like . that place. . . " Companion," read out the pro- prictess, after' 'a momentary pause, as if expecting. Sylvia to change her mind, " to a young lady in Belgravia. Wages good— place responsible, as young lady ; is subject- to occasional fits of derangement. How would that suit?" ' " I am not competent to fill such a position," answered Sylvia, recoiling at the idea. The proprietress arched her flaxen eyebrows, as if she thought Miss, Chauncey very difficult to suit, but after a minute or two's search com menced again. "Well, here's another, and if you don't liko this you 'must be- a hard 'iin to pleaso : Mrs. Franklin. Seymour,. No. 4071 Gloucester Gardens, -wants an educated lady to travel with her. Salary good ; references required." '' Sylvia paused a moment, and then' said — " Will you write dow.n the address for me?" , , Tho proprietress obeyed, writing it on a greasy . card, which bore on'- the other side the business announcement of "tho Scholastic and General Ap pointment Agency," and, armed with these credentials, Sylvia set out on her way to No. 4071 Gloucester Gardens. ' No. 4071 Gloucester Gardens, appa rently,, was a fashionable house, fot it was very- roomy, and was elegantly furnished, and there seemed to be; no want of servants. One, a footman, answered 'the door in obedience to Sylvia's summons, ' and ushered:..her into the hall,.requesting;her .to tako a seat while he forwarded the card -to its = destinacion. ,. ; In a few minutes the footman- re turned, land' conducted -Sylvia upiff.wo flights -of.: stajrs, to a front rDon v showily-furnished, where -sat an ex-- tremeiy precty " young lady, in the slightest possible shade of mourning, a. pearl-colored cashmere/ . with vlilac ribbons fluttering from her hair, and her pretty handB glittering with jewels., . : : . , . . "So you're Miss Chauncey, are you ?" said the lady, raising her blonde eyebrows; "I'm Mrs. Franklin Sey mour," As Sylvia conjectured as much bet fore, she merely inclined her head at tliispiece of intelligence, and the young lady— a widow, as Sylvia was speedily, informed— proceeded to put the' usual1 formula of questions. , " Nearly seventeen !"; she echped / f'oh, you must be older ;' than , 'that.'1 Why, I am twenty-five, /and I.amJ sure you look ever so much olderthan'I." Sylvia, did not contrndict tbis latter statement, and Mrs. Seympur went on to a new subjeot. " References — what references have you?"' "As I have never livpd' out' as a companion before," said Sylvia, quietly, although her cheeks turned a little deeper carmine, "I have no re ference as to any particular situation. As to general character, I can refer you to a very respectabln , family, at' Newington Butts — the Skinners.",: Newington Butts l" Up went the blonde eyobrows again. " Oh, I dare say it's all right. I never do go to see references, because, you see, one must bo all right if one has- references to give." As this was the very thing on which Sylvia had depended — knowing, as she did, that under her new cognomen of Miss Chauncey " honest John Skinnor and his wife would utterly fail recognise their old friend Jane Jones— our little heroine felt consider ably relieved. Mrs. Seymour went on to tell Sylvia that, as the period of her mourning had nearly expired, and " dear Frank lin " had loft her comfortably well off, she had concluded to travel a little — " not on tho continent, you know, but just round, from place to place, as the fancy takes me. And I hopo you are a good traveller, Miss Chauncey?" 41 1 believe I am." " And willing to do anything I may require — anything reasonable, I mean, of course 1" Yes, Sylvia was, and Mrs. Seymour nodded her yellow curls in satisfac tion. "You're pretty ; I'm glnd of that. I like to have pretty things around me; and you look amiable. Oh, I dare say we shall be vastly pleased with one another. How soon can you come? Immediately ?" " At once, if you wish it," said- Sylvia. "Then I'll make my arrangements to go to Brighton at once, before tho Season closes. I always like to visit' Brighton, at least once a year; and then one does meet so many delightful people there. I went there on my wedding tour !" and Mrs. Franklin Seymour heaved a little sentimental sigh. And about tho salary ? I givo eight pounds a month, and pay your oxpenses — rather a more liberal allow ance than you will often find, I flatter myself." " I have no fault to find with the salary, madam," said Sylvia, simply ; " and if you wish, I will remain here, to assist you in any preparations you have to make I" " Oh, you wish to begin the arrange ment at once?" said Mrs. Seymour. "Well, Isupposetyou wish to be rid of paying expensive lodgings somewhere ; and I am sure I've no objection. The house is full, but I dare say these people can make you up a bed on tho floor of my little dressing-room." After much tumbling over of ward robe shelves and bureau drawers, Mrs. Franklyn Seymour' found a lavender satin dress, in which a quilling of black thread lace was partially seen, nnd upon which she promptly set Sylvia to work ; for, as she shrewdly observed, " she didn't believe in wast ing timo." As Sylvia looked up, ever and anon, from her work, she studied the widow's face with a keen insight into human nature which she had learned in the course of her nomad-like life. Mrs. Franklyn Seymour was very pretty, with a piquant, sprightly style. Her yellow curls drooped over a fresh pink and white face, her lips were red and ripe, and every. time she laughed —which was frequently — she displayed a row of pearly, teeth, which a dentist might have envied for his show-case. Apparently, she was good-natured and superficial, although a little selfish, and Sylvia arrived at the mental con clusion, id the course of the morning, that fate might have cast in her. des tiny with many a worse .companion ship than that of Mrs. Franklin Sey mour. Several other things she learned, one of which was, that Mrs, Seymour, although she perpetually alluded to the loss of her deceased husband as a trial which she never could get over, was nevertheless on the brisk qui vive for a successor to dear Seymour," which was, perhaps, at the bottom of her longing desire after change and travel. " We'll start at once, Jane, my dear," said Mrs. Seymour, -who only wanted some one to. talk to, and who was already waxing intimate' and con fidential to; ; the " companion" she had' scarcely lcnoiwn "six hours ; " because there's no use putting these things' off, and one really ought to improve this lovely weather. - That's right. You aire putting on the laco exquisitely. By the way, what are you wearing mourning for ? Your father?" " I lost my father years ago," said Sylvia, pausing from her work, and looking up with an absent gaze, as she spoke what was at once truth and falsehood.; "my mother within the past few months." ' " Deav, dear," ' twittered Mrs. Sey mour, sympathetically." "And you have no brothers'or sisters?". ! " No." " Nor other relatives 1" "No; not one," r " That is bad," sighed the widow, "Bub then, you see, my dear, you'll be siirq to get married soon, because you really are so pretty. Don't you know how pretty. you are ?" Sylvia smiled. "I do not think much about it, Mrs. Seymour." '.. "Oh, that's nonsense. A woman can't help thinking about her beauty. And then you're such a nice contrast to me. Our styles of beauty will seem as such delightful foils to eabh other. You are sp dark, and I am such a blonde. Does your hair curl naturally.?" , "Yes." "Oh, I wish mine did. I have to put it up en papillote at night, but that isn't so bad when one's husband is dead, I used to try bandoline and white of egg, but it made everything so horribly sticky. I supposo you aro delighted at the idea of travel, Jane?" "I think I shall enjoy it, cer tainly," "And then it will be such an advantage to you too," went on Mrs. Seymour. " Why, with your face, Jane, you'll pick up a husband in no time at all, and you won't find me one of the jealous kind, to keep you in the back ground. I'm nob afraid," and she laughed and shook the yellow curls with a conscious vanity that really was rather becoming in its artless egotism. " I do wonder, Jane, which will be married first, you or I?" "You, most assuredly," said Sylvia. "$Tow, do you really think so?" questioned the little widow, highly flattered ; "upon your word of honor? "Well, I don't think it is so very im probable, because, of course, a widow haS ' certain advantages — a sort of sayoir faire, you know, and — oh, dear, there goes the dinner bell, Do put up your work, Jane, there's a dear, and help me with my black lace shawl, for there is the most interesting widower downstairs ; and though he's 50, still — there, that will do."' And Mrs. Franklin Seymour flut tered downstairs like a magnified bird of' passage in full plumage. " I think," mused Sylvia to herself, as she sat quilling the thread lace on to the glistening breadths of lavender satin, " that I have got a very nice situation. Apparently, Mrs. Seymour is silly, but then she is kind, 'and I shall do my best to make her like me. And " . But in the self-same instant came a thought of sweet little Celine, pro bably at the moment mourning over ,her lost governess/, and Sylvia hgd to lay aside the lavender satin, lest it should be spoiled by the hidden rain of tears.' 'CHAPTER "XXXV. SYLVIAS FATE FOLLOWS HER. It was just a week subsequent to the events described in our last chapter that Sylvia Burton' found herself seated one afternoon in a pretty private parlor of the Grand Hotel at Brighton, with a pleasant view of the sea. "T'm so glad we have got such pleasant rooms, Jane," chirped the little widow, who was comfortably reclining on tho easiest sofa she could find, thinking she was reading a new magazine, but in reality chatting away like tho human' magpie that'she was. " Of course, I shall bo out a great deal, for there are a lob of -people hero whom I know, and I'm always in groat demand where- society is concerned ; and you'll have to spend a great deal of timo here, and I really am beginning to have a great, regard for you, Jane, dear." " Thank ' yoit," said Sylvia, de murely. . " You've not a particle of vanity or self-assertion about you, you see," went on Mrs. Seymour ;' "and if there is anything I.fypi intol.orant of it is the least approach .to. conceit." " - / "Yes," said Sylvia, smiling,: "I think it is rather an annoying fail ing !" " To be sure," chirped Mrs. Seymour. "Jane, would you wear the lavender satin to dinner, or the white alpaca with violet peplums ?" " I don't know | Which would you prefer ?" " Why, my amethysts would go best with the satin, but these pearls are becoming to my clear complexion, and I've got a love, of "a set 'that poor dear Seymour had sent - expressly .from' Paris. I "could wear those with the alpaca!" /. .. . "It seemB'.id.'.iife:.tHat.: tlie satin and amethysts- would be! more : appropriate for a 1 dinner ' dress !" said the com panion. j ; , ;; . ; - . ... " Well, jierhaps it vi'ould !- . Just lay it out, Jane, that's a- darling ; it will 6ave- me the trouble of ' getting, up ! I'll wear a cluster of pansies with it over the left eyebrow ! It's such a relief to have you here, Jane, on that very account, to settle these perplex ing questions of dress 1 I used to have suoh distracting -headaches to think what it was best to wear, and now I have suoh confidence in your taste ! I had a French maid once, and she hadn't half the Judgment that' you have 1" - Sylvia laughed. " If you- flatter me , so much,; Mrs. Seymour, I shall certainly be spoiled! Come, now, if you intend to: be. ready for dinner, you really must begin your preparations 1" " Are yog ready to crimp my hair oygf the hot slate pencils.?" - : - ; : "Yes!" '.'Did; you do., up the Valencienries- set?" " , ' 4 > " \ ; " Yes, 'before you were awake this morning!" " Dear me,1' sai/l-Mrs. Seympur, with a yawn, " what a little busy bee you are, to be sure ! .Well, I suppose I must get up, and so interested as I am in this lovely article in this magazine abputrr-abput-Trwhat was the. name of the country,? I do like, to read a little now and then , it makes one appear intellectual iff company. I wonder if Mr. Evesby will be at dinner? I ihight make something out of the magazine article with him for he's one of .your awfully intelligent kind 1" ; , " Eyesby 1" ,i Sylvia had dropped the. hot . slate pencil over which she had twisted the short; yellow' tresses .. of 'the widow's! flaxen hair, / V " Yes ; isn't it a funny name ? Martin Evesby 1 A very nice fellow and rich, but ho isn't one pf the marry-' ing kind. -I think there ought to be a law against men bsing Baoholors. Ho has got an intellectual sister, too. . I'm awfully afraid pf Flora Evesby, and always was, though she and I were schoolfollows. But then shq isn't as pretty as I am," added Mrs. Franklin Seymour, complacently. . " I don't see why she comes to Brighton ; she must- be nearly 30, and, of course, when a girl gets to be such an old inaid as that sho hasn't the ghost of a chance for matrimony.' " Is that what all ladies are sup posed to come to Brighton ior ?" asked Sylvia, who ,had been recovering her disturbed equanimity as Mrs. Seymour rattled on. "Now, Jane, you know what Iraean. I am a married woman, and married women can do; as they please; but. when a girl who hasn't procured an establishment as yet goes from place to place wherever society congrogates we all know what it means." "And what does it mean ?" ques. tiqned Sylvia. . " Why a husband, of course. There, I think you'vo crimped it enough ; and now, if you'll only fix the pansies, I'll be all ready for my dress.'' And prcsontly Mrs. Franklin Sey mour went down to dinner, like unto the lilies of the field in the gorgeous- ness of her raiment, running baok to tell Sylvia that she had just met Mrs. Merrick, who had told her there were so many nice people come oyer from tho hotel, and a lot of now arrivals beside. ' . " Do you think I had better change to the white alpaca ?" she / asked, breathlessly. " No," said Sylvia, laughing, and yet with perfect truthfulness ; " you look very pretty as you are. I don't think the white alpaca dress ' would be any improvement;" ' " I am so glnc? you think so," said the widow, -and once more she Yanished. Sylvia had absolutely decliped to go to thp hotel tablo . with Mrs.- Seymour, on account-, as she said, of her pre ference for quiet, as well as thoextremo plainness of her dress, and the little widow would not for an instant listen to her companion's going downstairs with a miscellaneous host of nurses and servants. - "Because -you really are a lady, Jano," she said,' "and they're — well, they're all sorts of people. So. I shall just order your meals sent up to the. room, and then you can be as quiet and. secluded as you please.", " You are very kind, Mrs. Sey mour," said Sylvia, with earnest gratitude sparkling in her eyes, for this commingling with the . lower classes was inexpressibly abhorrent to her delicately refined nature. "No, Im not," said the widow, "because I really like you, -Jane Chauncey.'" And in proof of her liking, she would have loaded Sylvia with the most inappropriate and incongruous mass of second-hand finery, had not the girl resolutely refused to receive any gift more expensive than a white muslin dress or two, and a very simple shawl. Mrs. Seymour, who delighted in ornamenting hersolf, could not understand this taste, but she found herself forced to acquiesoe in Miss Chauncey 's firm though gentle deci sion. . . Punctual to the usual hour Sylvia's simple little dinner came up, but long after the servants had removed the tray she sat alone, and it was not uritil nearly dark that Mrs. Franklin Sey.mpui'.came hurrying into the room, her blue eyes glittering, and- her j dimpled cheeks - all: flushed with ex citement. - "Oh, Jane," she cried, throwing her self on the sofa, with an outward flirt of the skirts of her lavender silk dress, for even in her enthusiasm she re membered the possibility of crushing her beloved draperies, " I've had the charmingest time. - Such a lot of de lightful gentlemen." " Indeed ! who are they ?'| asked Sylvia, glancing up from the book she -was reading ; not that she was par ticularly interested in the fact, - but Mrs. Franklin Seymour's manner per emptorily demanded at least a pretence of sympathy. There's Captain Clarence, of the Artillery, and Mr. Burne, a delightful Scotsman, and the two Danbys from Somerset, with such charming chival rous manners, and Martin Everby. I told you about him before, you know; but the handsomest, and nicest, and most interesting of all, is Mr. Talbot, of London 1" It was well that the approaching gloom of dusk hid the strange paleness that overspread Sylvia Burton's face, as she listened to the pretty widow's careless prattle ? But Mrs. Seymour was no great proficient in tho study of the human face divine, nor was it improbable that she wpuld have failed to notice Sylvia's involuntary agitation, even had it been broad daylight, so she wenton — . "Yes, Mr. Edgar Talbot, for I asked his man servant in the hall. Isn't it aristocratic to travel with a man servant? And he has such a romantic .histpry, . too ; I learned all about it from Fred Danby, who , is a college chum of his. Oh, you' should have seen hew jealous Miss Merriok was when I sat in the window with Fred Danby hanging over me and talking in low tones, like the most devoted lovers alive. They say she is engaged to him, but I don't believe it ! Well, as I was saying, Fred Danby told me- all about it ! Mr. Talbot was married last summer at Cheltenham to the most beautiful creature that ever the sun shone on, and everybody says they were madly in love with each other ; it was a grand wedding, .and Fred Danby thought it so singular that I shouldn't have heard of it ! But I was at the Isle of Wight, sea- bathing for the benefit of my complexion, and one never hears of anything there. And now comes the romantic mystery of the thing. In the very hour of their bridal the girl disappeared 1" " Disappeared," repeated Sylvia, in a scarcely amdible voice, as Mrs. Sey mour paused, in apparent expectation of a reply. "Yes, disappeared, and no one has ever seen or heard of her since. Whether she was murdered, and her body concealed, or whether she ran away with some other man, or whether she was driven to the marriage against her will, and took the earliest oppor tunity of escaping from the'bonds that were so hateful to her, nobody knows, and I suppose nobody ever will know, for every possible means have been taken to discover her whereabouts, or trace her flight." " And have they never discovered tho least olue ?" asked Sylvia, faintly. "No, never, and Danby says that Mr. Talbot is a changed man since this sad affair. His very heart' aiid soul is bound up in discovering hpr,. Wherever he goes that one object still occupies his mind, to the exclusion of everything else ; ho worships her memory as if it were tho shrine, of a saint, and Danby says he really thinks that if some trace be not soon dis covered, the effect on his friend's mind will be truly disastrous. Isn't it a most romantic story 1" added Mrs. Seymour, dropping from Mr. Danby's style into her own. "In this cold, everyday world it is difficult to find a case of real true love such as this !" " Love !" repeated Sylvia, bitterly. " It is false ; .he never loved her i" " What makes you say that ?" in quired Mrs. Seymour, looking at her companion with surprise. "I mean, faltered Sylvia, turning hot and cold, and feeling for a moment as if she must have betrayed her secret, "it is not likely, for if all had been really sympathetic between them, why should she - have loft him?" " Dear knows !" said Mrs. Seymour, shrugging her shoulders that shone so whitely beneath their veil of black lace ; " but, at all events, it sounds like a thrco-volumo novel I And he is tho iiandsomost fallow, with, dark blue , eyes, and hair that waves naturally, and a figure like tho Apollo Belvidere ! I wish you could see him once — and you shall. I'll manage it so that you shall be in the hall, or somewhere, when he goes to dinner. I know you'll be sure to fall in love with him." "No," said Sylvia, peremptorily, as she felt the hot blood rush to her face and then recede again, " I do not want to see him. Men are all alike, tyrants and heartless, and I for one will ,not lay the offering of a single glance upon the shrine of their cold self-asser tion 1" ;Mrs. Sfcymour opened her eyes in great amazement. " Why, Jane Chauncey, I hadn't any idea you were such a man- hater l" "It is a lesson man himself has taught me,'' was trembling on the' young companion's lip ; but she re pressed its utterance, and gazed dreamily out upon the darkening land scape without. . " Fred -has promised to introduce me to him this evening," added Mrs. Sey mour, after a momentary pause. " I actually think it is the bounden duty of us' women to do our best to console him under the suffering inflicted by one of our sex.'' " And does no one pause to think of her suffering?" thought Sylvia, with her. head drooping still lower on her breast. \ I' Besides, " Mrs. Seymour resumed, her busy, shallow little brain at work at all manner 1 of possible and impos sible conjectures, "he's exactly the style of a man I have always fancied, and, of course, when he discovers that she cannot be found — his wife, I mean —he will finally take measures for a divorce, and be free again. A man can't be' tied to the memory of a shadow always — it isn't right nor reasonable to expect it." (to re continued.) 