(NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. Dull. Cold. ' Gusty. < Shifty. Doggies. Poultry, Debates. Chauffer. Finances. Briquettes. Deputations, Commissioners. . Wyndham races. . Railway, mysteries, - What is retrenchment ? Tho Agent-General puzzle. Maiteily inactivity tho game, Mr Muoro blocks tbo wickets. Railway line repairers to work six days. " Ghost" still appearing about Hawthorn. Government will bring on tho Bculah rail way question soon. Attempt to wreck a train near Mansfield. Sleeper on tho line. ; Tho Trentham Revival Company have como upoa a good woeh. Mr Jonkins cn printing Parliamentary papers, and tbe expense. " Hilts" in good demand at Adclaido this morning; other Hues dull. Extensive business cm tho Ballar&t; Stock Exchange. Egcrtons still higher. Bolls versus uniforms in tho country fire brigades. . So far ' bells have it." Mora housc-brc&king; in the suburbs. Armadale last night. Where noxt ? Auother consignment of Queensland fruit arrived in London iu good condition. Trouble anticipated at somo of tho Now castle collieries over tho day labor question. Milkmen of elastic morality had batter look out. Suburban beuches down on them. The Tubing CominiUco arc going to Sydney. Mr Hopkins, M. P., "stands Sam." The Treasurer declines to interfere with the bqmptous banana. Members can fight It out. Mr Fitzgibbon thinks the prospects of tbo Metropolitan Board's loan will bo improved by delay. Professor Pearson says tho Victorian Par liament compares favorably with other kmdied bodies. Captain Younghusbaud is to accompany the expedition to Gilgit. Ho "knows his way about " thorc. Victoria Coffco Palaco pays 4 per cenL Not hid as times go, Profit on tho half year, MOO!) 10s 6<1. Tim Nuvosti," St. Petersburg, soys that Russia merely wants to " keep the pcaco " la ilni Pamir.' Old s;ory — Ameer ot Afghanistan reported to have massed over 4U,l>00 men and to bo bribing all rcmud. Knows liiamcu. Is it advisable for Justices who oro Muni cipal Councillors to sit on tho Uuueh during ratocdsos? Matter of taste. Mr Giliics is expected to speak on tbo Budget in tho debato tonight. Ho has been long enough preparing his deliverance. The House of Lords decides that tho j Marquis of Ailesburv can sell tho Savernake Estate., Out of tho wood for the present. The Russian Government said to bo deter mined to turn the Chiucso out of Kasgar, Eastern Turkcstau, ' SkobciofTs policy again. Mr NV. T. Carter says that if reductions are the same all round there will bo no com plaints. Uow about tho littlo Parliamentary CDcquu ? Mr W. S. Ward, formerly editor of tha Svduey "Dally Telegraph," returned to Australia' by tho Oratava, after about a year's rendcnco In England. Tho EUtcruwick "ghost" has turned up sear Baiaciava, ridtoe a pony and covered with a white sheet. About time tho police put a stop to this toavfoolcry. According to regulations, each inmate of! the Juvenile Reformatory is allowed an ontico of ttcacla oil Tuesdays and Fridays. Mrs Squecrs did not live in vain. Shcop breeders to tho foro to-day. Jnng- Ing commenced of tho finest stud animals in Australia and Tasmania. Sh>»w formally opened by Lord Hopctouu on Moudny. The claimants in tho Land Credit Bank aro very slow in turning up for their divi dead, which was inado payable ten days ago. The amount lying at tho ofKco unclaimed is between LlQOO and L5000. Sir J. U. Patterson urr.es tho Broken Hill tnlno- ownors to endeavor to come to a recon ciliation witli tho miners. Ho thinks it uu reasonable to expect tho minors to at onco ooncedo all points, and commends their orderly conduct. The A U.S.N. Co. 'a Mclbourno agouti bavo received a telegram from SyJnov that ihot.s. Barcoo, Captain Banks, lud made fast alongside tho company's wharf at that port at 8.30 this nturuimr. As the Barcoo passed Wlllinmstown at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, her time ou trip waa 40 hours. Mr - M/F&riaue;, of Dunodin, aud Mr Russell, of Iovercarsi, Now Zealand shipped per the Umou Company's steamer Tsluno 60 head of cattioof thepuro Asher breed for tho Royal Agricnltnral Sbow, which opens next wvoki The cattle arrived eafoly thU morning in fiuo oouditiou. The Government have finally decided not to grant a holiday on tho sccood, or popular day of tho Royal Agricultural Socioty'c fchow at Fiomington. Tho lieula of depart moots havo, however, been instructed to allow as many officers off duty as possible on that day. There are indicalioos at tho Government Labor Bureau that the unemployed difficulty is being fairly met. - A list of vacancies for GO men was posted yesterday, but only six men applied for tlio work. During tho past week the Public Works Department has daily Issued railway p-teses to a vcry largo number ot mon belonging to tho unemployed, but applications are now easing off. ; Business on 'Change this morning was gain of a. nood extent. Mclbourno Trams have had substantial improvement, selling up tol8s4)d. . Silvertunswero steady. Bank shares unaltered. ; Silver is not animated, but it's surprising how. stationary Broken Hill stocks keep. Gold companies had large business at improving fates. Eger'-oni were theattractiou ot the market with sales up to »- \ - Mr Gladstone's fol|owiDE io tbo House of Commons is mainly composed of Eugtiah Non-cuiiformlstu and of Irish Nationalists The Utter demand au Irish Legislature that shall be independent aavo for the veto of tbe Crown. But, on tho other hand, the lcsders of-the Eoulish Npn- confnrmtits, while sup porting Mr Glsdstbue, hayedeelired fa afor. . mat manifesto that Homo Rale " does not mean the establishment of an Independent Legislature, with powers corresponding to hose at pteient exercised by the Imperial Parliament. Any Homo Rule measure has o satlsly English Nonconformists, as well as Irish Nationalists, and wero it to ecntain provisions which gave the Irish Legislature tho power to erect a new Church Establish ment its dcfoit would bo speedy ani certain." How will thoG.O.M. reconcile the opposing views of his supporters ! Tho hearing of arguments on tho law prints reserved by Mr Justice Ilood in the one of Taylor and CUrko will not be heard until 31st inst. Tho matter was montioned in the Banco Court this morning, but inas much ascoutisol for tho prisoner Clarko hau, not had tlms to prepare his arguments and the Crown had no objection to an ad jiurnment, tho application was acceded to. Neither of tho accused was piesont in court. 