FUGITIVE NOTES. Yet another comet, and they call it Brooks There is no great objection to comets But we do object to Brooks We have had a surfeit of comet Everybody has had his little Bay about it, and the speculation of the man at the corner appears to be about equally intelligent and valuable with that of the astronomers Still, with all the irreverent handling, the comet is ever superb when seen But Brooks 'and Brooks of New York, too This is a dropping from the sublime to the ridiculous We reach the very bathos of celestial meditation when we come to Brooks-and Brooks of New York That is his comet We dare say he has patented his rights to it, and registered it with "patent number " so and so, " taken out " on such a date, as they do with all their patents in America Brooks is the happy possessor of a spyglass, we presume, and he turned his little look-out on the sky one night, and he struck a comet, and it is just now That is the way the star gazers have of immortalising themselves In olden times, with a more reasonable conception of the fitness of things, they gave the stars to the gods and goddesses and if there is any one thing more than another that marks the vulgarising spirit of those degenerate days, it is the habit of giving the plebeian names of earth to the glorious heavenly bodies that roll in infinitude Brooks is bad enough, but as the cemetery world is not yet half explored, the time is coming when we shall have Brown and Jones and Robinson en- throned among the Celestials This is Brown's comctandtbatisJoncs'scomet, andtheastronomers have calculated that Robinson's comet will return from space on such a date, and traversing the earth's orbit, is likely to collide Fancy the world in trepidation at the approach of Robinson, and what an ending to this earth of ours, with all its ages of glorious historical records, to be swirled away to destruction enveloped in the tail of RobuiBon'B comet ' It is bad enough to have our noblest peaks, our giant rivers, and even the purring streams, that tumble and splash in the sunshine away down in recesses of our everlasting hills, degraded with bearing for over the cognomen of somebody that has "made" himself with tallow fat, or of some other one that happened to be the first of mortals to desecrate the stillness of ten thousand years with his offensive presence But to look upon the starry heavens scene he solemnising that one might feel inclined to take one's shoes from off one's feet and worship-and to paste one's ugly name athwart the forehead of one of those mysterious voyagers just returning from a tour in space of which the stages are counted by millions of miles, seems an act of presumption that ought to make the whole world cry out "shame ' " . . a But now that the comet craze has passed and we are all here, what an amazing amount of information nobody has about the comets. And the interesting thing about it is that everybody who has the reputation of having a little smattering of knowledge about the stars gets as angry as anything with anybody of the general public that dares to bring his rushlight to the trout and cast a little flickering glare on the subject in this perhaps they do not differ much from other terrorists but probably there is nothing else on which pretenders ought to be so meek us this, because there seems nothing city on v. Inch they can help the public to no little knowledge It would be idle to review the various views expressed on the glittering thorne, but perhaps the best explanation was that given by the musically minded person who declared with the aplomb of conviction that the comets are " Astral Souls " That's what they are They are the ghosts of dead worlds And as spiritualists wire till the shadows from the vasty deep produce them generally clothed as they were when in the embodied state so that pants and swallow-tail must have their ghosts, too-it is quite in the nature of things that worlds defunct should have their simulacra, and that those should sally forth in the eccentric manner that is recognised as that befitting ghosts What makes his theory irresistible is his challenge to any man to prove it false But looked at gravely, it does not give a very elevated sense of the cleverness of savants that they utterly fail to give any intelligible explanation of a phenomenon that frightened the nations for ages when the world was young, and that is now, when the world is old and very wise in its own conceit, regarded as only a pretty sight hung out in heaven, without serving any purpose at all in the economy of the universe They tell us that it is a something so gaseous or so vaporised that it dashes into and sweeps over a world without affecting it to the weight of a feather And yet this airy nothing travels at a pace more rapid than a cannon ball, and coming from inconceivable distance turns round the wire and Hic«hi<kto sp leo, as if it were a solid body subject to all the conditions of ponderously and momentum And they expect us to believe them, and they are angry if we don't No , the thing is so contrary to all we are taught of matter and its laws, that they must try again The man that says they are. Astral cords, or the ghosts of stars, and asks us to disprove it if we can, makes a shot that comes nearer to the centre Electricity is life, and who can say but this thing is the disembodied electric energy of a crunched up world. Of course in our mortal State we only know electricity in connection with its material environment, just as we only know thought and nervous movement in the same way But just as the disembodied spirit-the ghost can go through a keyhole, and even make its presence known through stone walls without shaking a picture or cracking a bit of plaster, this astral soul, or disembodied electric spirit of a lost world, may pass on its rounds without in any way affecting the general equipoise The idea is quite as brilliant and as t raiecmklant as any that has been given in explanation by the scientists and savants, and, in the words of its propounder, we challenge anyone to prove it false There are 21,000 people unemployed in Sydney, and 23,000 more in Melbourne. So we are told from England, the information having been supplied by somebody here. The object of the statement is of course to deter any more from coming in quest of employment. And the object is laudable enough in itself, though he might have served it as well without rubbing so mad-. It is sometimes assumed that practice like this for guarding the preserves is characteristic only of the working classes. It is true that in their simple, unsophisticated way they are given to warning off intruders, just as people in a railway car call out " all full," so that those in possession may have room for stretching their legs. There is a lot of human nature in this, but it is a mis take to suppose that it is only found in fustian. A case in point is furnished in the sister colony of Victoria, from which it appears that the narrow spirit of monopoly is not exercised even by such a liberal profession as the law. There by enactment not all the learning in England avail- as qualification for admission to the Bar. Barristers and solicitors of any standing in the mother country are to be precluded from entrance into the charmed circle of practitioners and with the exception of " Australian-born " youths-and those such as have started on their studios of law in England before a certain date everybody is to be excluded henceforth from prac- tree at the Bar in Victoria without obtaining a Victorian qualification. Nobody can doubt the meaning of this. There is surely as much law in the heads of the learned of the craft else- where as within the charmed confines of the protected colony. But every difficulty raised in the way of intruders from without is an additional strand in the cordon of defence drawn around the happy possessors of the trade in the colony. People taunt the working men with this sort of exclusiveness, and speak of the restrictions on boy labour and the number of apprentices as something intolerable in its show of open selfishness. But human nature appears to be the same everywhere, under wig and gown as in corduroy and look we where we may, it is the Rome old rule, the simple plan, of let him take who has the power, and let him keep who can. ? 6 2 6 2 The threat of the religious orders to leave the Caroline Islands unless the Governor is recalled, as announced by a cable message in the Herald, is something too awful to be contemplated. It is to be hoped such a contingency may be averted, and that the world will be spared the harrowing sight of a whole race like the Caroline Islanders being abandoned to a fate too dreadful to think of, in the event of the Governor not being summoned to Madrid and disgraced. We can only realise what it would be by supposing such a thing happened among ourselves. Supposing that the clergy of the Anglican Synod, or the Presbyterian Assembly, the Wesleyan Conference, or the Congregational Union, taking umbrage at his Excellency, sent an ultimatum to Downing-street to the effect that, unless a Governor were taken away from Sydney, they would fold up their tents and be off. We can fancy the consternation that would be caused in the office of the Secretary of State, to say nothing of the dismay that would never the people of New South Wales. The religious orders in the Carolines are doubtless the Jesuits, whose presence does not appear to have been, so eagerly desired in several nations of. their co-religionists in Europe as to make them set little stone on an asylum in the Eastern seas. Unless they are particularly uncomfortable there it might possibly, be as well for them to hesitate about their flitting, lest peradventure they confirm the faith in the charges made against them, in France and other places that they cannot be at rest unless they are. meddling with secular government. The demand for the recall of the commandant of the Spanish forces in the colony is a vigorous action, and it will be interesting to note the results. Certainly the Government of Spain is subject to influences that are not familiar in other States of modern Christendom and we cannot help thinking that we have some little reason for feeling glad that we are placed in circumstances so that there is no great likelihood of the clergy demanding the recall of a Governor. It is too had that, just when New Zealand is recovering from a bad attack of the blues, the people should have been frightened at an. invasion of snakes. It is not the first time that a man has seen snakes, when, through certain complex conditions of the physical and mental systems, he has got a little off the equilibrium. But there is no improper insinuation in this case. The people of Timaru and the regions there- about have seen snakes, and they feel that one of the charms of existence in the island colony is in danger of ' being taken away. It appears that American vessels trading with that port have been in the habit of discharging sand ballast on the beach, and among this a number of snakes carried all the way from America with the rubbish have been let loose on the people. The effect was electrical. The alarm spread, and not if a Russian frigate had anchored off the town and cleared for action could there have been greater consternation than at the sight of the snakes. For, as every- body knows, there have been no snakes heretofore in New Zeal-ad-whothor St. Patrick in his peregrinations may have over gone so far south, or his mantle had descended on some one of his race, among the early visitors to the land of winds and quaker, who banished all the vermin. It is known that a New Zealander, though he is quite at home if his house is rolling like a ship at sea, or a volcano is bellowing and belching boulders about his ears, feels faint at the thought of snakes. In fact, when walking up Pitt-street or George-street while on a visit to Sydney, you find him with one eye examining the shop windows, and the other on the lookout for snakes. Fancy, then, the state of things at Timaru when it was known that a cargo of American snakes had been discharged on the beach. That they met with short shrift from the terrified inhabitants goes without saying, and after such a providential escape we should not be surprised to hear shortly of some special legislation being enacted bringing snakes as well as cholera and smallpox within the provisions of the quarantine laws. . . . . . One of the saddest phases of life in the Father land is surely this one of the people being stopped by the police from leaving Germany. The cable says that the Chancellor is promoting a bill compelling intending emigrants to obtain a permit from the police before sailing from the country. Everybody there is living with the certain prospect of a struggle to the bitter end, when Germany, perhaps, as well as Franco, must be in the ghastly imagery of the Iron Chancellor bled white." And now, when every day seems to bring the fated conflict nearer, and when, in preparation for it, life is strained nearly to the snapping point, the doors are closed, and everyone is bidden wait and see it out, unless, permitted to leave with the approval of the police. A more desperate social condition than this it is hardly possible to imagine, in a noble and a generous people like the Germans, who have no desire to quarrel, being forced to stand at bay and save every ounce of strength they have for this terrible fight to the finish. This is a price to pay for the captured provinces for nobody doubts that it is the retention of Alsace-Lorraine that constitutes the only new remaining cause of quarrel with France. The frank return of that fair but profitless territory would probably heal every wound set blooding at Sedan. But instead of this generous sacrifice for peace, the national stubbornness of the Teuton opens up the people under the surveillance of the police, and compels them to stand to attention with hand on fire look and face to the foe, sorrowfully it may be but still mt.t:e.iii¿^ ' No surrender '" A.B.C. 