EVOLUTION'. . (By . Arthur Fee). The notion might easily arise that if the body was destroyed, the dead could not come ' back, and ' hence -funeral mounds, and embalming would spring up. Death being regarded as a long suspended animation, it may be re marked (without any offence being .intended) that believers in the resurrec tion of the body and the'iruraortality of the soui have only ; refined Upon the savage. belief to the extent of postpon ing somewhat the date of the resuscita tion. Hence will arise the' notion of the existence of ghosts, spirits, -demons — re- garded, now as tbe dead coma back again, ?: now as a semi-sub3tantial dupli cate, und now as tcriform aud shadowy. Tiie savage wiil think plants, animals, and all things have souls from the fact of their having shadows. The ideas of another life will thus arise, which will at first be thought not unlike the present in region ; and from this there will be a divergence towards the ideas held by civilized man in. that such future life will be deemed less material, more unlike in occupation with another kind of social order, with graduations more remote, and demanding a ' higher standard of conduct. . As he sees a man in a lit of epilepsy, delirium, madness, sbc., he will think that the struggles are , caused by another spirit entering and controlling him ; and by degrees this con ception will be refined into the notion of the semi-civilized tbat disease is from the devil. Moreover, there will spring up the j notion tbat these spit-its can enter into any one and make him strong and wise ; and, hence, theio will arise ttie practice and belief of divination, s ireery, mugic, exorcism, and miracle-working. A reverence for sacred placed, tbe practice of prayer,. the use of altars, the practice of fasting, of offering of blood to the dead, and partaking of the sacrifice in order to acquire the greatness of the dead wilt all by degrees arise from this notion ; and it is contended tbat there is clear evidence for the belief that luneral rights developed into worship of the dead, and' into religious worship generally. This is caused by a desire to 'please- the ghost. The process of deifica tion of dead ancestors is, even now, going on in India, and there are many indications that it has been universal. Hence will arise idol-worship and fetish wotship. There will spring up animal worship, but perhaps with a sense that the dead ancestor was half- man, half brute. The 'brute-god' will be the first conception, half-brute, half-human next, and the anthropomorphic last. In a similar way plant-worship will arise, and, as some plants- yield intoxicating drinks, their effect will be held a posses-. 8ion by the god. Natute-worship similarly arises. Therefore the ancient mycologists worshipped sun, moon, stars, seas, mountains, laker, rivers, etc. Therefore the primitive theory of things ia not that chaos of puerile follies which at first sight it appears to some. On tho contrary, it is an orderly and con sistent whole, although one article in not sufficient to do full justice to such a large and obtrusive subject. In this way then, a distinguished man feared during life will be deified after death ; kings, sorcerers, teachers, superior rices will be held Divine. It is contended that in this fashion the notion of every god, not exceeding the God of the Hebrews, has arisen, and that the worship of ancestors is the root of every religion. Evolution ' therefore will account for the phenomena which all religious or ganizations manifest. The various races of mankind have improved by surround ing circumstances} until out of savages joining in a hunt there is at length evolved' a highly-civilized community, where all, especially tho weak, aro ten derly, cared- for, where beiiificence is! a mighty joy, where-sympathetic pleasure is the highest known, where self-denial and: suffering to make others happy are eagerly compcated for, where, in a word, men and women become philan thropic. And for myself, as I grasp the whole idea in the unity of ono concep tion, it has an intellectual majesty rivalling the framework of the heavens ; and if it be not, in the main, in accord ance with truth, I am forced to regard it as one of the most wonderful and unaccountable exploits tbat has ever come from the mind of man. Say that it mainly expresses the truth, we have a sufficient explanation ; but the ' asser tion that .all these massive, remote, com plicated, varied coincidences which have now been traced (and of which several large volumes have been written, extend- 1 ing over 10,000 pages), could occur in a theory which is untrue from beginning to end, is a statement which must be accepted by other intellects than mine. Tho weiuht of scientific authority in favor of evolution must also be taken into account. When it was first pro pounded it was derided as hardly more credible than the dream of a madman. By sheer force and cogency of argument it has won over and converted into its QntliusiastiQ proelaitaers tlie great ma jority of scientific men in' all the countries of tho'globo. To 'think all these can be mistaken is to class them as intellectually imbecile, although every one knows they possess high intellectual capacity. To think fliem overcome by some strange, bias is to assort a moral defect for which there is not a particle of evidence. Reason able reverence for noble and far-reaching intellects compels, it seems to mc, all rightly-fashioned minds at least to treat with respect tho hypothesis of evolution. 