Current 1 lames. The Pastoral Address. When the Pastoral Ad dress was before the Con ference,, one of the mem bers wanted to know who-' ever outside read it, or i knew anything of its contents, or what | good it was ever likely to do. If the 1 Methodist people know nothing of the a Pastoral Address, the fault is with the i ministers, who are required to read it | in a Society meeting, ' and make it the subject of suitable remarks and exhorta tion.' The matter and tone of the Pastoral Address are invariably such that when this is done there need be no ij question as to the good likely to follow, j The address of this yearns a solemn and affectionate exhortation „ to our people on the subject of personal' salva- tion and on their duty to their families, as well as to the Church in respect of its various departments of work. It is a word in season -which we hope will be brought before our people .and by them be faithfully laid to heart. - The report presented to m, , , Conference of the work The Central , ? ,? Mission done in connection with the Central Mission dur-. ing vthe year was of a most satisfactory character. The Con Iference listened to the reading of it with the greatest interest, and at the close expressed its feeling by an outburst of hearty cheering. The blessing of God has indeed been on the work of the Superintendent and his devoted helpers. It is sometimes said that the fervid and sanguine temperament of the evangelist is apt to see things in a highly-coloured light. But if only the half of what was told us be true, we have abundant cause to rejoice and thank God. If ever a step taken by our Church has been justi fied by results, it was the establishment of the Central Mission. The ' fly in the ointment' is the serious debt on the property. But come what may, this noble mission must not suffer any in terruption or weakening. The report of the Affili _ . . , ated College Committee College Save r*se to ^ie most in teresting and animated debate of the Conference. The debate occupied three sessions, al though the interest considerably declined at the last. There was some able speaking on both sides ; indeed, the debating power of the Con ference rose to high-water mark during this discussiou. The advocates of the proposal enlarged upon its ad vantages to the Connexion in secui ing a high training for our ministerial candi dates, and in retaining a hold upon our educated young men. ' The opposition of a few who spoke appeared to spring from a feeling of the inutility of higher education for our ministry, and of the dangers to our candidates associated with a university course. The main op position, however, did not rest upon these grounds, but upon the inadequacy of the scheme to meet; the requirements of ministerial training, and the inad visa bility of pressing it forward at a time of great financial difficulty. A resolu tion was arrived at to take no further steps in the matter until it had been ascertained whether the donors to the Theological Institution in connection with the Thanksgiving Fund would allow their money to be used for an Affiliated College. This seemed to be accepted with satisfaction by both sides. The Distribution Com The inittee had no easy or Distribution pleasant task this year. Committee. , , , , J . . lhat task was to meet claims amounting to £10,000 with an income of £5,000. We are certain it would do its work fairly, and be as generous as the circum stances would admit of, yet it is equally certain there must have been much dis appointment and some dissatisfaction. We sincerely trust we have seen the worst in respect of this great discrepancy between the claims upon the Sustenta tion Society and the means at its dis posal for meeting them. There are two things which are to be done— (1) in crease the revenue of: the circuits, and (2) increase the amount of circuit Con tributions to ..the Society's ; -Pund. .. No doubt there are some cases in which one or both of these things may be honestly impossible, but there are many others where the reverse is the case. The subject of Methodist Union was brought before Methodist t]ie Conference in a series of resolutions presented by the Rev. W. W.' Rut ledge. Mr. Rutledge was unfortunate in not being able to secure a hearing for this matter when the Conference was stronger. The business came on when there were neither members nor spirit enough to debate it. What the fortune of the resolutions would have been in a full Conference, it is impos sible to say. As it was, a motion was carried appointing a committee to con fer with any similar committees of other branches of the Methodist Church as to the desirability and practicability of or ganic union, and report to the next Conference. The committee was duly appointed, and now we shall wait events. Tiie gifted authoress of Robert Elsmere has just David published another story, neve. en^t^ec}) ? -- The history of David Grieve.' The reli gious novel, as it is so called, or mis called, has played a considerable part in the literary history of our time. 'We had hoped to have a respite from its influence for some lime to come ; but it is not to be ; and so long as the public relishes the mixing up of theology and romance, so long will the supply be kept up. Robert Elsmere must have been one of the most profitable fictions of the present century, and it was its manifold heresies which gave to it its golden spice. Had it been an orthodox novel, then it would most likely have gone down as a stone in the waters. David Grieve is on other lines than Robert Elsmere, but it is none the less naturalistic in its tendency and teaching. In Robert Elsmere, Mrs. Wood sought to eliminate the supernatural from the Bible. In David Grieve she seeks to eliminate it from human experience, and endeavours to show the world how a man may be : converted, regenerated, and spiritualised , by the ordinary processes of life. She : makes her hero supremely confident of : personal immortality ; but at the same i time ignores the great historic ground- i work of our Christian hope, viz., the i Death, the Resurrection and the Ascen- 1 sion of Christ. One of the most interesting . and practical stories con likea' Dream. 'f,ecl in, S.te!lcl's .New lears collection, is that related by Mr. j Champness telling how a gambler was ] converted. Mr. Champness is a well known and much-esteemed evangelist in i connection with our Church in England, i and it fell to his lot to conduct a. mission ; in a town to which he had never been before. During the mission, the follow- i ing incident occurred : — On the Satur- ; day night preceding the mission, a man - in the town dreamed that he was stand- : ing opposite the chapel where the mis- I sion was to be held, and that while he was standing there watching the people leave the chapel, a minister whom he ; had never seen before came up to him and spoke to him with great earnest ness about religious matters. He was ; so much impressed by the dream, that he awoke his wife and told her how ex- i cited he was. On the Sunday morning 1 he went to the chapel, and, greatly to ? his surprise, recognised in Mr. Champ .n ess the man whom he had seen in his- - dream. He told his wife when he got home, and she became so interested, that she went with him to the chapel in - the evening. He attended the week- ; evening services, and on Tuesday even ing, after the service, he waited outside the chapel. To his great surprise Mr. Champness came up to him and spoke to him on religious matters, just as he hadseeninhisdream. On the Wednesday evening he was a seeker of salvation, but he had a bet on in relation toafavour ite horse, and, as he subsequently said, ' I could not lug a race-horse to the penitent form.' After the service, he went straight to the man with whom he had made the bet, and said, 'That bet's off',' the man being glad to have the bet off, as he expected to lose, and would have lost but for that. After the bet was oft', the man who had thus dreamed decided for C hrist and became a Christian. In this city, we have large numbers of professional and other gam blers, to whom similar dreams, with like happy results, would.be a blessing in deed. -? ? - Ep worth is a small town on the banks of the Trent 8rvpWt)*,*'k aric^ '1£IS become historic 0S ' ' ally famous the wide world over from its f.s se- dation 'with the Wesley family. When ever the British Conference is held in Hull, a number of ecclesiastical dignities are sure to take a run down to Ep worth in one of the swift river steamers to have a peep at the birthplace of John Wesley.: But the old historic parsonage in which John Wesley was born is like wise famous for its ghost lore. In Mr. Stead's new year's .extra, entitled, ' More Ghost Stories,' there is given a full account of Jeffrey, the Ep worth ghost, which . is of some interest to Methodist people. The account has evidently been carefully compiled from, authentic sources, the whole story being first published by Mr. Wesley himself in , the Ar minimi Magazine in 1784:, and the account there given was confirmed by various letters written while the phenomena was in progress. The sketches of the old-fashioned rectory, of Jeffrey's chamber and the staircase lead ing thereto, given in Mr. Stead's maga- ' zine, are very good, and whatever Dpinions we may personally entertain in relation to the verity of Jeffrey's person ality, the story of his impish tricks is both curious and interesting Under this heading the The Dead C^r7Stiaji World has a. Preacher. very appreciative article on the Rev. C. H. Spur geon. Indeed, our English files are full of interesting matter on the life and labours of this great preacher. His memory is fragrant everywhere, and the leading preachers of all denomina tions have conspired to do him honour. But we are especially glad that the Christian World has paid a noble and even a grateful tribute to his memory. - It is not long ago since the down-grade controversy raged, and in that controversy, Mr. Spurgeon and the Christian World.. were on opposite sides. Mr. Spurgeon boldly accused certain leading Noncom forniist preachers of having Unitarian tendencies. We think that in one or two well known cases Mr. Spurgeon was right ; and anything that touched the Deity and Supreme Authority of. Christ, he heartily abominated. His theology was supremely the theology of the fourth Gospel, and in this we have always admired him as a great and con spicuous' defender of our great Christian mystery of' the Incarnation of God. A.nd in his death the church loses an eloquent and fearless defender of the faith. ; This Conference will be Lavmeri remembered for the im Advancing poitant addition made to the powers and privileges of the lay representatives. As the result of its legislation, these gentlemen will henceforth vote with the ministers in the election of the Presi dent and Secretary of Conference. This seems to us to be no more than the natural result of lay representation in Conference. Hitherto this right of election has been reserved to the minis ters, but they have now upon a request from the laymen, surrendered what was their exclusive privilege, in order to as sociate their lay brethren with them in its exercise. The change was effected - ^ with very little discussion ; yet it marks an epoch in our ecclesiastical history. The usage will' now disappear which lias prevailed uninterruptedly in Wesleyan Methodism since the days of John Wes ley. Thus, one by one, the old land marks are vanishing. The Radicals will gleefully rub their hands while Conservatives shake their heads with misgiving, and those given to speculate upon the sequences of events will w wonder how long it may be now before v a layman occupies the chair of the Con- . , ference. ; . We are requested to direct attention to the special services to be held next week at, Burwood. Our friends there are expecting a good anniversary. The Rev. James Egan Moulton is to preach to-morrow morning and evening, and deliver an address to young people at a special service to be held in the after noon. The tea and public meeting will take place on the following evening. ' There will be an attractive musical pro gramme and a list of good speakers \ v 