POSTHUMOUS POEMS. , Of Lord Lytton From the volume published recently it ap pears that the ever-increasing political and Bocial engagement ofs the late Lord Lytton did not prevent him, even during tho busy days of his Ambassadorship in Paris, from finding time for poetical exorcises. Tho col lection of verses entitled "Marah," and edited by Lady "Lytton, were written, she tells us in a brief preface, " during the past and provioUB years." They .wore already in proof at tho timo of her husband's death, and the last few weeks of .his lite, were occu pied in revising 'them. Tli'e pieces are in form separata, but intended to bo read con- ' secutively, and to "represent eucceBsive BtageB of fooling." The prologuo is a short one. : — Lured by tho promise of a better land, They wtuidord in the wilderness of Shur ; Vagrants, from bondage fled, a wenry band, Whose weariness each day made wearier ; And waterless was all the desert sand, No wells at hand! A place at last they reach'd, in sore distress, Where _ water flow'd, but from a bitter spring. Then oried they, " Hore we die of thirst unless God turn this bitter sweet 1 " And, mur muring, They call'd it Marali. Nor can speech express More bitterness. We here quote the opening stanzas of the poem somewhat trickily called "If . . . .?":- So you but lovo me, be it your own way, In your own time, no sooner than you will, No warmer than you would from day to-day, But lovo me Btill 1 Each day that still you lovo me seemB to mo A little fairer than the day before. For, daily given, love's least must daily be A little more. And be my most gain'd your least given, if such I Your sweet will be ! I reckon not the cost, Nor count the gain, by little or by muoh, Or least or most. Little or much, to me the gift I orave Is all in all. There is not any measure Of more or less can gauge the need I have Of that dear treasure. The sentiment in "Telepathy" is obvious, but it would bo difficult to bettor the turn given to it bolow Last night we met, where others meet, To part as others part ; And greeted but ns others greet, Who greet not heart to heart; We talk'd of other things, and then To other folk pass'd by ; You turn'd and sat with other men ; With other women, L I And yet a world of things unsaid Meanwhile between us pass'd ; ' Your cheek my phantom kiss flush'd red,- " And you look'd up at last ; And then your glance mot mine midway Across tho chattering crowd ; And all that hoart to heart can say Was in that glance avow'd. It is not quite clear that the first stanza (or the title) of 'i Antagonisms " thoroughly accords with tho two others, which, how- evor, deserve to bo quoted : — Ah, who can reconcile tho' Brnin and Heart ? lioason and Passion? Thought and Senti ment ? Genius and Woman ? Far they tend apart, And only meet in terrible dissent. Genius, sufficing to itself abounds In its own being. Lovo can but fulfil Its being in another. Woman founds Her jjowor upon tho ruins of Man's will. The lovo silo gives him costs akingdom's price, Tho' freely given the gift. It takes away His grandour from him. And that sacrifice She neithur understands, nor can repay. In epigram wo expeot Lord Lytton to succeed, and ho does not fail us in " Marah's Dower " ; — Two Muses Marah's dower supply. And each a gift bestows ; For all her looks are Poetry. And all lior feelingB Prose. Theso are the weird and fanciful verses that conclude tho "Selenites":— Tho moon alone knows what theso women are. Tho sun was ntvor in thoir secrets. Tliey Enow not each othor. But one woo they share, Ono fate obey. ' Whence come tlioy? Whither are their foot steps bound? Tho Past forgets. Tho futuro cannot toll. They have lost thoir placb on earth, and nono have found In Hcavon or Hell. For Heaven not good enough, for Hell too good ; For lifo too loving, and for death too dear — Pale ghosts of passion-wasted womanhood, - They wander here. Visible only to tlio tear-washed oyeB, Whose vision mirrors supernatural sights, But 1, tho initiated, recognise The Selenites I In the appendix wo aro presented with Lord Bytton's. last poem, an unfinished fragment "found by his bedside with the ink hardly dry on tho paper." It began as follows : — I had not thought that severance from hor sido Aught but a bittor pang could ever be ; . ' Yot this — the firet timo flowing seas divido My days from liors, since that great day when wo To ono another all at once became, Tho solo man I, and tho solo woman slio, Of a now world where nothing is tho samo As in tho world that was — ov'n separation Reveals an .unanticipated bliss, And all its pains find moro than compensation In our complotor intercourse. Physician: "I pronounce it paresis, madam." Boston sick man (feebly) : "Ac cording to recent authorities, you — don't pronounco it — correctly. The accent — is on the— first syllable." Facetious old gent (showing a falso set of teeth to his granddaughter): "Thoro, my doar 1 I told you when next you honored mo with a call I'd show you my new sot of dining-room furniture." Mrs, Gaswell : "That was a droadful death of that poor sorvant girl, wasn't it ? Mrs, Dinwiddlo : " Yes, indeed it waB 1 Good help is so very source." 