A TOKELAU TRAGEDY. A BT T. H. PRtOItABD. Tho resent proclamation of a British pro tectorate over the Gilbert Group by Captain Davis, of H.M.S. Royalist, Invites some refer ence to tills singular Archipelago, nnd its equally singular people, while it nlso rccnlls to mind tho incidents of a somewhat thrilling tragedy, in which certain of the liittcr wero tlio nrinoiiml aotors. The Gilbert Group eoueists of some 15 or 16 islets, lying north and south of the equator, in 170 to 180 oast longitudo. They aro ail atolls, that is mere rings of ooral, upon which soil lias very eparsoly accumulated, each one having tlio same annular formation, with its interior lagoon. Between the lagoon and tho sea thero is no visible communication, though in heavy weather, when the surf lias washod away a passage whore the soil offered least resistance, boats have been taken over the reof into tho lagoon witiiout much difficulty. But though tharo is no visible com munication there must still he a submarine con nection, since iu some cases the iagnon wators rise aud fail with the rising nnd falling tldo. Tho highest of these islands ic not more than 20 foot above sea level, and in many cases there arc but a few inohes of soil overlying the coral formation. The cocoanut tree and the pandanus are almost tho only representatives of vegetation, though a certain kind of taro ( Arum Eseulentum) is grown with great diffioulty. The islands have no fresh water, and tho peoplo witlr whioh they swarm havo to rely upon what tliey can ontah In the hollows thoy make in the bases of the coooanut trees and upon the milk of the nuts. Wherever a tree inoliues from tho perpondi- culnr, the whole hoart is excavated ou tbo under side, and a cavity mado that- when full contains several buckets of water. This is husbanded with tiro most jealous care, and is used very sparingly. Tho sea supplies all other food, and as a result of this strictly iohthyophsgous diet the people are often little leas scaly than tbo fish they eat. But the compensating advantage is that when a man has caught. a fish and stolen a coconut the world has nothing more to offer him in the way of gas- tronomio luxury. Of the people themselves it may be said that, though thoy are very interesting as ethno logical atudies they aro not othorwiso attractive in person, manners or habits. In fact, the last two. may bo summarised in a sentence — filanuers none ; habits beastly. They have very low moral, and still lower religious ideas, and have rofused to receive missionaries becauso tlroy say the islands are so crowded that there is no room for strangers. This is partly true, since the population of tho smaller island, Peru, has been set at 1500, while that of Tapiteuewa has been estimated at 7000. As Line Islanders thoy are known to Europeans under the gencrio title of Tokelaus, though, according to tho geographers, tiro Tokelan or Union Group lies some distanco to the south-enst. The people are of Malayo- Polynesian origin, though they differ widely from almost every other branoh of the samo family. Thoy havo neither tiro clear bronze of those lying to tho soutlr nor tiie dead bteok of the raceB to tho westward, but they aro of a dirty shade of blnok, with perfeotly straight, lank, conise hair, allowing at onoe how largely the Malay enters into their composition. The women are specially noticeable in this particular, since the hair, whioh generally hangs about them in matted elf locks, is as profuse as that of a European. The women of Rarotonga and Tahiti, the belles of the Pacific, have not more luxuriant tresses, but in poiut of texture and brilliancy tho contrast in favor of the latter could scarcely he more marked. Both men and women are of fair stature, but they havo bad faces aud worse tempers. This tetter finds very ready expression through the medium of the Tokelau's most benevolent invention, the shark's teoth knife. Admirable specimens of these may be seen ih the Publio Slusoum, but by woy of readier information it may be oxpteined that the knife Is a long rough blade of coooanut wood, with the teeth firm fastened to tlio edges points upuermost with flno sinnet ((«., twine mndo out of oocoanut husk fibre). The oomplatcd knife Iibb the appearance of a double edged saw, with tho teeth as sharp as needles ; and it can ba under stood that whon a cut is mndo with these things, the body of the viotiin being uncovered nnd the operator giving the weapon the scientific "draw" motion which is most effective, tho result is a frightful laceration. In their readi ness to use this tool the TokclaUs are tho Spaniards of the Pacific. They are of a jealous, quarrelsome temperament, andasoonjugnl fidelity is a virtuo unknown to their women kind, thero is very frequent recourse to tho national law givor. Fow Bpectnclcs aro more horrible than that presented by half a dozen " Tucks," male and femalo, engaged in a battle royal, sinoe thoy are blood- bosmeored from head to foot, and oaoh combatant is every minute expeoted to fall and give up the ghost; Tho wounds are not so dangerous as they appear, as the knivos tear the flesh without ponetrating to any depth, the teeth being not more than half an inch or two-thirds of an inob deep. But the after effects nre visible in great, long, raised wales, nnd it is Boldom that n Tokolau man or woman is mot with whose outiele from tho waist up, arms and all, is not divided and subdivided by theso cicatrices into mora numerous allotments than an oligible building estate in land boom time. His somewhat straitened olrcumstnncoa at homo mnkos the Tokclau very willing to ongago ns a laborer for service in the more fertile Southern groupB, where, howover, he Is not hold in high respeot as a laborer. For ha is not only intoler ably Iosy, but with his excitable and quarrel some disposition the substitution of a 16 inch steel weeding knife for one of sharks' teeth leads to frequent trouble, slnoc, if it outs oleaner, it also cuts deepor, and what would only be damage witli the one is death with the other. Another trait whioh the interesting Tokolau derives from his far away Malay ancestors is an absolute indifferenoc to personal consequences when he gets into a red flurry. Under this influenco he will seizo knife, and run a-niuck at a regiment, haoklng, slashing, stabbing and cut ting in nil directions, quite satisfied to pay tho penalty if he can only do the desired damage. Thon when ho is overpowered and mado fast bo has an uncomfortable knack of doubling his tongue baak in his throat and deliberately choking himself before the eyes of his captors. It is these charming charac teristics whioh make the Tokolau on the rampage a person to be very carefully nvolded, and which led up to the following tragic incident : — It was In 73, under the old flag, that a de- tsohment of his Fijian Majesty's Bau regiment was in quarters at Totoga. This was a native town just in rear of Levuka, surrounded hy a " fighting fence" (a good substantial breastwork of stones and earth) and a half filled moat, which served tbo double purpose of barraok yard and gaol reserve. The detachment, whioh was offi cered by Europeans, furnished the prison guard, Captain Harding, the commandant, being also Inspeotor Harding, Chief of Armed Constabulary, general custodian of everything and everybody requiring authoritative supervision. Withiu tho enolosure was a substantially constructed look up, built of oocoanut trunks, laid obook and log fashion. Tho place had one central passage running fare and aft, with a general receptacle far native prisoners on one aide, and cells for more aristocratic white offenders on tho other,, the one entranoe being barred by a stout gato. It was not as strong as the Bastille, or the Towsr of London, but reliance was chiefly piaoed upon the guard, rolieved every two hours ; and as a dim light hung from tho roof in the aentre of the passege, and tho sentry oould therefore see in each time ho passed, it was considered to bo fairly secure. Its chief fault was, however, that it was overcrowded on tha native side, and for tho better custody of certain desperate pri soners, they were ironed and bandouffod at night by one wrist to ringbolts in the floor of the cell. Among tho other prisoners were two Tokelaus from Tapitcuwea, who in a genoral fight with steel knives which had taken plnoe on tho plantation where they were laborers had sooarved up seme of their women folk that one had been murdered outright and several others were dangerously wounded. These men were await, ing trial, and ae strangers in a strange land, held prisoners under armed guard among a people of whose language they knew no word, tho dread of what wae to follow had haunted them with a nameless terror. Olose to the rude prison a look-up of more pre tentious charaoter was in course of erection, and the earpentera were using timbers from whioh they had to out about about 2 feet 6 inches to waste. These blllete were much coveted by the prisoners for pillows, and, as it 1 ' afterwards proved, several had been smuggled into tbo gaol for that purpose. So matters stood, when one morning about 2 o'olook tho place was routed by a more unearthly din than was ever lreerd outsido of pandemonium. It brought everyone within hearing (vide awake in an instant. Thero was no mistaking ite oharaoter. Tlioro was murder in its agonising nnd nffrighted shrieking. It was tlio ory of men in mortal terror from somo cause against which they wore unablo to contend, and n an instant Captain Harding and his liouten- ant stood revolver in hand beforo the wioket. Tho place was in total darkness, and the excited sontry conld only explain that somothing had smashed the lamp, and that then the terrible uproar had begun. What was going on inside that orowdod coll oould only be guessed from' tho maddened shouts of terror striokon men, wIiobo outorios were unintelligible but for the oft repeated sorcam of "murder." Thon, as if to emphnsiso this, tlioro camo at intervals the dull, heavy "thud" of blows Btruck upon naked bodies, followed by a shriek or a groan telling how the blow had sped. Calling loudly for lights tho two white men dashed into the main passage, now dark as darkest midnight, and slipping tho bolts of tho two celldoors, tried to forco an entr&ncc;, but only to find that tho door was firmly held from inside. Btiil the terrible outcry continued, and still the hoavy thud was heard, while the darkness and uncer tainty rendered tho position tho more trying. At last, as the door slightly yioldcd under tho pressure applied, Harding passed ids hand round and fired in the direction of the resisting force. Thero was a ory or exclamation, nnd as the door gave way tiro white men snrang into tho ceil, whero darkness, terror aud murder conjoined to lroighten tho impalpable horror. It was a time to try the stoutest nerve, that five minutcB, standing with oyos straining into the darkness, with ears affrighted by the outories, the still descending blows, and with arm extended abovo tha head to stop tho full foroe of any stroko that might desoend. " Lights 1 Bring lights 1" was the roiterated command. "Will you never bring lights, and let us see what is going on in this devil's den." The wait Beomcd interminable, but 1 at test tho light flashed in. Tlioro was a momen tary glimpse of a nudo figure swinging aloft one of those murderous billets of sswn timber ; then a shot, nnd the man dropped his elub, swayotl an instant, and fell forward on his face. With tho light and tbo visible presence of tha white officers, the tumult in a measure sui> sided, but tho placo was like a shambles. Close by tho door lay tbo lifoless body of ono Tokeluu. In the farther corner lay the corpse of the other, shot through tho brain. On tlio floor lay two of the mannoied prisoners, bleed ing profusely from gaping wounds on tho head, while among tho othor excited prisonors now crowding round the wkito men wero several showing signs of tho terrible ordeal through which they had passed. "It was tho Tokelaus, Saka. They clubbed us with the pieces of wood," wa9 the explanation, which fuller inves tigation confirmed. Tho prisoners who eould movs about bad suffered least, but tho men in irons had been fearfully belabored. Fortu nately the Fijian skull is thick, and when their wounds had beon attended to the men, Carried out insensible, rnpldiy recovered. The Tokolnus wero both dead, but, strange to say, though tho onuso In ono ease wns clear enough, tho post mortem whioh preceded tho formal inquest revealed that tho other had died, not from n bullet wound, hut from a fraotured skull. The only conclusion possible was that while holding back the cell door, or immediately after tlio firing of tho first sliot, bo bad been onoountored in tlio darkness by his own comrade, and bad met death at his hands. How the light went out was never fully explained, and it is possible that the des perate men took advantage of an acoidental oircuinstnnce to run n-muck under decidedly novel conditions, with the oxoiting results aud fatal consequenoes I havo horein described. 