OLD DRINKING CUSTOMS. In the capital song about Terry 0'Rann? who Was a light young man, And from a boy, it> was his joy To tipple and drink, and lovingly wink On the beautiful lasses of Dorry, we are informed how whiskey killed hinij how he was buried by tho Mayor, A mighty shoomaker, a tailor, a baUor, A doctor besides, and an undertaker To all the live people in Derry. And how Terry's ghost visited the Mayor and complained that his gravo was damp, and tho coffin " a wide deal too narrow how the mayoral Jack-of-all-trades promised a better grave and coffin, with the resulb that The bottle and glass did merrily pass, They toasted tho Queen, eanji eonga between, until the jovial spirit got excessively drunk, and went off to geek his "home"—which, by the way, he never reached, some " bhoye " meeting him and carrying him off to an anatomist for dissection. Wo are not informed whethov the two drank the toasts on their knees, as was cue ' tomary in olden times. Here is an extract from tho letter of a lady on tho subject: " According to promise, aa soon ?as we heard of your engagement to Edward, we, too, drank your good healths in all stylo; and that in most earnest solemn wise, bare headed, kneeling down bare- kneed, for we rained our skirts and drew down our stock ings, and so wo hope all the many and good , things wo wished for you will be fulfilled." I Tho custom is often alluded to by Dekker and Shakorly Marmion. We find this chanson in "Woodstock": Then lot the health go round, around, around, around. Then let the health go round ; For though yonr stocking be of silk, ! Your knee shall kiss the ground. And again in tho same work— Let such honours abound As the time can afford, The kneo on the ground, And the hand on the sword. - In the Jacobite song, " The White Rose O'er the Water" (Edinburgh, 1744), refer ence is made to the present observance of standing while drinking the health of the Sovereign : Then all leaped up and joined their hands With hearty clasp and greeting. The brimming cups outstretched by all, Over the wido bowl meeting. "A health," thoy cried, "to the witching eyes Of Kate, the landlord's daughter 1 But don't forget the white, white rose That grows best over the water." Then hate tlew up and swords flew out, And lusty rang the chorus— "Never," they cried, "while Scots are Scots, And the broad Friths before us!" In the lif<! of the first Lord Exinonth, by Osier, mention is undo of the father of the admiral giving his children a glass of wine on Sundays, .uid making them drink the King's health on their knees. This would be about the beginning of Georgo lll.'s reign. Why to Melville sings, in his "Gallants of England," If o ! Mil mc a llugon as deep as you please, Ho! pledge mt tha health we all drunk on our knees:. On the -J3id September,, 1007, Sir H. Cholmly told I'epvs, as the two wended their way to Westminster: " How merry the King and Duke of York ?uid Court were the other day when they vcro abroad a-hunting ! They came to Sir J. Ciirteret/s house at Cranbonrne, and there were entertained and all made drunk ; iud being all drunk, Armorer did come to the King and swore to him. ' Sir,' says he, 1 you are not so kind to the Duke of York as late as you used to be.' 'Not IV says the King. 'Why so?' ' Why,'says he,' if you ire, let us drink his health.' 'Why, let uo, , says the King. Then lie fell on his knees and drank it, and, having done, the King began to drink it. ' Nay, air,' seys Armerer, 'you must do it on your knees! . So he did, and then all the company." 