FIFTY LASHES. A Maori War Incident. IN FOUR CHAPTERS. \- B* Atua Westmthv;; CHAPTER I. ?????? ::??? A full summer moon overhead, casting burs of; soft Bheon athwart tlio trees in the public Domain, Auckland, New Zua i»nd. Oil a rustic bench, benonth tho wide wide aprondiiig branches of a giant Kauri pine, sat a half- caste Maori girl, and by her aide a tall, handsome youth, wearing tho dark blue uniform of Covershnm'a Horse. No Spanish beauty could boast a more glorious beauty of faeo and- form than Kiora Solby. Her mother — daughter of the oldeat Maori chieftan, Te Puke— fell 'in love, and married ono, Tom Solby, a aorgeant in the (ith Regiment, and with lior hand came manv broad acres in tho inost fertile valleys of the Wnikato, \- . which the old solelior soon converted into a good, payable estate. While Kiora was yet a child her mother died, where upon Tom Selby bought a snug villa outside tha city, and sent hi3 daughter to a boarding school until bIio became old enough to take charge of his house hold. 'And so you are going to-morrow, Charley ?'' Bhe asked, timidly, at tho same time, toying nervously with her companion's palin between her own shapely hands. ' Must it really be to morrow ?' ' Iteally nnd truly, Kiora,' he an swered. 'Tho horses were put aboard surly this evening, and wo sail to-morrow at daylight.' ' How dreadful this war iB,' she says, in a low tone. 'Ah, dreadful indeed, my darling, but we must not stand idly nnd seo those mad fanatics, the rebels, murder and plunder innocent peoplo. Since Rewi was driven \- out of Waikato the Government havo done all in llioir power to induce the dis satisfied Maories to lay down their arms and live at peace with their Pakeha neighbours, but you see it is of no avail. Tiporeand his crazy brother have roused tho Tarannka tribes to open rebellion, and.by ao doing h ive unfortunately pre vented one Charles Stanton from onjoy ? ing his Christmas dinner under the same roof as Kiora Selby.!' 'Dear Charlie, no one can regret that misfortune more than poor Kiora,' aho answers, softly. Charlie laughs lightly, then stoops \- downward until his moustache reaches Kiora'B ripe red-lips, and — well the moon only knows what took place, for sho was \- waiching lliem. Her moonship sees many things that lovers wot not of. On this lovely evening, there was no excep tion to the rule, for she observed, close by whero Charlie and his companion billed nn'd cooed at each other, tho form of n man crouching low down bohind a thick Bcrub, which completely hid him from tho eyes of thoso ho was evidently watching — a man with a pale, vile- looking face, which poered out at them from' the screen of foilage with a savage gleam in his eyes. Tho apparel of tho oavesdroppor was sim ilar to that worn by tho girl's companion, eave tnat ho had throe narrow golden stripes upon his coat sleeve at the wrist, which bespoke tho man a noncommiB sinned oflicer. During a long chat, such a» lovers usually indulge in, the watcher never stirred from his bent position, but listened to every word uttored with a greed that was born only of daep aud ab \- so'rbing interest. It was only when \- Kiora rose to depart that ho retroatcd further into the shade, and in doing so made n noise that attracted the girl's at tention.: ' What was that, Charlie?' sho cried, nostling herself close to the side of that gentleman, ar.d looking round in alarm. ? ' Wliat iafthe mattor, dear?' 'Did you not Hear n rustling noise? It sounded close by that bush there,' alie said. 'Sweet Kiora, you are filled with strange' fancies to-night,' he said, gaily. First it' was a shooting star, big with evil portent' for us. Now it is a noise, as of somo lurking assassin. I'ooh, iny girl, ' there is nothing, savo perchance some grasshopper looking for his mate.' '?Oh, Charlie, 1 would give all I pos .ses in the world to prevent your going to Tarahaki,' she said, with sudden energy. 'Nonsense. Why.1' ' Because I have one morbid fancy that when .we part to night, it will be for ever..' . ' My. darling, I — ' . ? ? ?? Listen to mo, Charlio. Do you be lieve in droams ?' ' ' . ?? Dreams, aortainly, I believe they . are dreams, nothing moro.' Tho maiden nestled her small head, crowned with a coronet of glossy, ravon hair, closer to his breaBt, and looking up v v- nt liuiv with her largo eyes, said : v ' r '? I had a torrible dream. the night be fore Inst, a dream in which I saw what \- . took place as plain as I can see those trees ? - before me now.' \- ' What did you see, Kiora?' ' An encampment of nrmod men, situ ated on the margin of a lovely lake, and ? surrounded on all aides by high rugged . lulls, treeless, aud barron in tho ex treme,' alio rosponded, in a low tone. ' Beyond tho tents, on a green patch ol stfnrd, my dream disclosed a square of glittering bayonets, in tho centre of which were throe posts standing upright. ?. . On thoso cruel stakes a man was boing tied hand and foot, to bo flogged like a v - slave. My God, it was torrible.' v ' : Tho trooper put his arm about the ? / aletidor form of his companion, for she : had begun to shiver like one in an ague .tit. , 'Did you- reoognize the features of the unfortunate follow nt the triangles i' he \- ! - naked, presently. 'I did.' And you know him ?' ' Yes.' ' Who was ho, Kiora?' 'Yourself, Charlie ! Oh, tlio unuttcr- ; ablo anguish dopiotcd there 1 Oh, tho misery and despair, and the sickening ? -v T. dreadful blows that fell upon my cars like Komo Bliuddering horror too great for ? mortal heart to bear I Yot X was com ?' pelloa to gaze till tlio dreadful work was ended. Then I heard a loud shout awav toward tho clift', and looking thonce, be held a great horde of Maori warriors rush like a mighty avalanche upon the square of armed mon, and shiver it into a hun- deed fragments. Then all became a chaos nnd confusion, intoriningled with shouti nnd cries, and a vision uf the man who had been degradod mounted on a horse without either saddle or bridal, his bar- and blooding back glistening coneplo, tor... ... ? nonily »lww tho crowded mele;, until, tossed to and fro like a worthless waif, it. went down nmid the tide of battle, nnd I saw it no luoio. ' Charlio Stanton stood silent for a ? moment, A feeling nf somo nnni.eloss , dread began to steal over him at Kiora's j? recital, but he shook it off, nnd replied in I a bantering way. ,1 ' Dreams nre all my eye, sweotheart. ! Indeed it has been said by eortain crusty old bachelors that dreams are liko ladies, they follow the rule of contrary. Come, hold up your head, my dear. I shiUl re turn. to you ere tho now year is many jyeeka old, with all my honors thick upon me.' '1 fervently trust you may, dear Charlio,' she replied. Then suddonly* lifting her head : 'Charlie, I want you to make me a promise— a nolomn promise.' ' Certainly, dear Kiora. What am I to promise V' ' ' That you will refrain from taking one drop of intoxicating liquor until yon re turn to Auckland.' ' You little tyrant,' ho cried, laugh ingly. ' You would like to set a trap for mo. You have your tea without stint — which tho doctors aay is rank poison — and yet one is to bo deprived of his glass of grog simply because that giddy head of yours lias boon running too much on wars and rumors of war. But sweet Kiora, let us clianso the subject. How lovely' the night is.' They wont out into tho soft glow, arm in arm — sho pleading for his promise — he$ laughingly resisting lior. Onward dowu, tho green slopes, strewn with murky - shadows, that Beemed to swallow them up and leave no trace bohind. By and by the lurking figure came, forth from his lair, and stood up in thev full light of the moon — a tall dark man — ? about thirty years of age, face sallow and. closely shaven, disclosing a wide, sensual mouth and strong determined jaw, iilledi with firm white teeth. ' So here you are, Sorgeant Clement. Exley, playing tho spy,' ho muttered, apostrophising himself, a sinister gleam in . his eyo the while. ' Why, who woidd liavo thought the ring doves would select this place for their senseless chatter? almost under my nose. Ilumph, my limbs are racked with cramp. Confound them both. What tho devil can there bo about this weak fooling dandy .that bIib must prefer him to a hotter man. Aye. one who cares more for her than he does.' He stood with folded arms a moment, . watching the direction they had taken. ' There ye go. Chariio Stanton, with the whip hand of me, but take care, my lad, I don't checkmato you. For ten years you and I havo been what modern society calls friends, Charlio ; but modern society little dreams how I hate your friendship. It has robbed mo of many Uiing I had sot my heart on, evon tho love of this proud wonch, who has thought fit to treat my udvancoB with scorn and insult, sinco you liavo taken tho field, Charlie, mon cher. Well, well, I am con tent to bide my time, Kiora Solby. Dreams have boon fulfilled ere this. I. havo tho cue, my weak-minded spark, and it shall go hard, but 1 will usu it when tho opportunity offers.' He followed.in the wake of tho lovers . with a alow and meditativo step, his head bent, and his hands clasped bohind his1 back. ' If my friend Stanton has one pet vico ? above another, that vice ia drink, 'ho. muttered, pausing in his walk. Not n Bot that loves to tipple alone until he is speechless ; oh, dear no ; but ono of your gentlemanly, social souls, whocannotsay nay when it is placed under his noBe. L'it him promise if ho will, ho cannot resist it. I have studied the man. Twice has ho risen to tho rank of sergeant since' the corps was formed, and each time do graded to tho ranks again through his love of good liquor. So, so, Charlio, all's fair in love and war. Therefore, I'll bait my lino and anglo for you, my friend. ' Onco landed, I seo my way to la Itelle Kiora , and her broad acrea.' Sergeant Exley, of Cavoraham's Horse, quickened liis paco, crossed the park, and entered Parnell, thence his walk became slowor, until he reached Shortand Place. Here he halted, and stood watching the front of a protty villa on the opposito tide of tho way. There must havo been something, very attractive here to engago the sergeant's attention, for lie remained on the spot close upon two hourB. lie wasstill waiting and watching when a young man issued from the houBo, hum ming a favorite opera air. . ' Hullo, Charlie ! well met, dear boy' Whore have you beon V' cried Exloy, in a surprised, yet pleasant tono. '? Just ran over to bid tho Bolby'a good by,' replied Stanton. ' But what nre you doing down this way, Exley ?' ' Ah, taking a walk under tho moon to view tho city. I guoss wo shan't hare anothor opportunity of viewing tlio spires ot Auckland by moonlight for some time to come. Truth ia, Charley, I am glad to have met you.' 'Why?' ' Because I was just making my way to tho Albion, whero I've promised to meet ono or two jolly fellows, to take a parting glass. You will join mo, of courao ?' ' My dear Exley, nothing would give mo groater pleasure, but — ' 'But what?' 'Tho truth, is,' stammered Charlie, ' I havo made a promiso not to touch liquor of any kind until 1 return from 'iaranaki.' ' Phew,' whistled tho Sorgeant. 'Iam sorry for that, inasmuch as you will miss i a bowl of tho bost punch, and ono or two of tho most comic doga in Now Zea land. Good night.' Sorgoant Exley turned upon liis lieol, . but Stanton caught him by tho arm. | ? 'Hold hard, Exloy. \Vo sail early in morning : it's morning already, therefore i I'm with you. I can accompany you t without breaking my word, eh V' , ' Certainly.' And the angler went in with his inten , ded dupe, and brought him forth in the , groy light of tho dawning day, staggoring, uproarious, aud with his promise shat tered to the winda. CHAPTER II. Tlioro are few scones in Now Zealand ; more grandly rugged than the Olian \- Valley, Taranaki, tho snot where tho volunteers had formed tho bivouao, on tho 24th of Decembor, in anticipation of \- meeting tlio robel Maoris. It was Christmas Evo, tho time, night ; with moon and stars studding the dark i blue canopy of heaven, as on the night of i tlio advent of tho Master, nearly nineteen hundred years ago. i Tho camp was composed of Bix luui ) drod, rank and file, of the Auckland \- Rifles, togotlier with one troop of Caver ) shnm'H Horse. Tho latter had pitched ) their tents on a small bill adjacent to . whore tho Commissariat stores hnd been pilod nnd covered over by a largo tar paulin. Of tho sixty men of tho trnup 1 ten had been told oil' ai a guard, under thechargc of Serjeant Exloy. Tho supply s of grog and provisions wore only limited, ( and needed hut ono sentry nt a time to keep watch and ward over them. There 1 wore six quarter casks of rum standing in \ n row flanking tho storea, — a terrible f temptation and dangerous in tho extremo i to any poor tippler who chanced to have t chnrgo in the still dead night with no eye looking on. j This idea appeared to havo taken pos session of the sergeant, for ho caUed - tho guard togetho.- about tho watch-fire, and said : ' 1 ' Comrade?, I need hardly remind you i of tho genoral order issued this morning. | Wo are under martial law here in tho i field. Colonel Bnrtopp, as you all know, is j a very strict oflicer, and will punish tlio alightoBt neglect or carelessness with i severity, mind that ; and above all remem ber that any man found tipsy while on j duty will most assuredly go to the tri- - angles. You understand.' They appoared to understand Very well, that drunkenness would bo punished only i with tho lash, and they glanced towards the ruin — puncheons — and thought tho sorgeant a worthy follow to c»ncorn him- i Belt' about thoii welfare. Tlioro were others dbout the firo who did not belong to tho guard. Ono a abort, broad shouldered, jolly-looking follow, who bad evidently seon more of ocean than terra firmu, iLono mignt judge by his gait and . liis conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and, while tho sergeant warned his men, waa deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on the lough nose of a magnificient water spaniel at his side. This experiment with tho dog appeared equally interesting to anothor individual, viz., a bare-logged Maori lad about four teen, whoBtoodby with mouth agape. Tho boy, who answered to the nam de plume of 'Sanfly,' waa ono of thatgender known as a camp-fag and goneral knock about amongst tho troopers. He could speak English pretty well— so far as lying went — and was withal ono of tlio most micliievous young vagabonds in Maori land. As tho night waxed apace there aroso a keen east wind, which mado the air biting cold, and set tho white tents shivering liko so many sheeted ghosts under tho moonlight. Tlio Maori lad, prowling about for aomo placo of shelter for the night, found a snug corner boneath tho tarpaulin which covered tho stores, nnd there retired to reat without more ado. Tho party round tho firo gradually thinned, until only two persona remained seated by it, — Charles Stanton nnd Boh Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed be tween these twain, yet no two men wero more opposito in person and disposition. Tho ono handsomo, gentlemanly nnd re fined in bearing, but weak nnd yielding to pusillanimity. Tho other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. How caino these oppositca to bo friends 1 Simply through ono little set of kindness. At tho atorming of the Maori atronghold — ' To Ranga ' — Bob Cable lay bleeding to deatli outsido tho enemy's trench from a severe gash in his side received during tho attack. Tlio volunteers wero repulsed, but at the risk I of h'iB lite Clinrlia Stanton walked coolly out to tho trench and brought in tho wounded man upon his back, nmidBt a perfect hailstorm of Maori bullots. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob had often apokeu hia gratitude in languago more forcible than polite. And hero they sit by tho fire, with the dog between them, and a small flask of ruin, which has been emptied to tho dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently thore ia a call for No. 4 of tho guard. Charlio Stanton rises hur riedly, wishes Cable 'good -night,' and answers 'hero.' It ia his turn for sentry, and ho is marched over to relievo tho man posted on tho stores. Silence now reigns throughout the oamp, save for the wild acrcech of tho polew out yonder by the lake. Sanfly, crouched under tho friendly covering of tho tarpaulin,, ia suddenly awakened from hia rosy dreams by tho Bound of voices in tho vicinity. Tho Maori noiselessly lifts oneond of tho cover ing and' peops forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannikin ill his hand, talking to the sentry in a low, earnest tone. ' Indeed, Charlie, I seo no great harm in taking a glass of grog on such a cold night. Wo aro not in town whero it could bo easily obtained, therefore ono must get it by stealth. Of course you aro on aentry, a.id can prevent my taking any, but I must say a small half- pint out of one of those casks would never bo misBod.' 'Perhaps not,' answered Charlio Stanton, carelessly. ' Pray do as you ploaBe, you havo command of tho guard; but I say, Exloy, what about that locluie you gave U3 respecting general ui'ders and Colonel Bartopp'a Btorn discipline ?' Tho Bergcant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, ' Wait until you're proinotod a'ain, Charlio, then adopt my plan. One aido for tho mon, tho other for your friondB. Surely you wero not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to mar Boinotimes at all tho fuss aud humbug put forth in ordors goneral or otherwiso. Red tape and bunkum, bunkum and red tape to tho end of the chapter. I'll bet Colonel Dartopp has not retired to his tont without a skinful of good liquor. Why then should wo, com rade, who havo to watch through tho long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle wlion it is here ready, at our hands ?' ' Bravo, Exloy ! Very well argued. My ordors aro to allow lio ono to meddle with tho commissariat, except the quartor mastor. but, I repeat, youaromyBuperior officer, and — thero are tho casks.' 'Good. This follow heio seems a little apoplectio, wo will bleed him.' ' With all my heart ; but how will you do 'it, through his bungholoV' criod Charlio, laughing. ' No ; only a bunglor would go to work that way. See here, I havo a gimblot. Now, keop watch whilo I spile thisfellow'a frontispieco.' Clemont Exloy cast a triumphant look at his companion ero ho wont down on his knees to boro the rum puncheon. Had tho good-naturod, inconstant dupe seon that look, he would havo thought twico before hob-nobbing with tho uubtlo and crafty scoundrol bofore him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring tho man by his own standard, saw nothing in it save a good fellow in want of a nobblor, and who had pluck enough to hazard his 'sergeant's atripos for it. \ Crawling from his lair ns Biloptly as a Borpent, Sanfly bBhold Exloy holding tho pannikin over a thin Btream i.isuipg from ono of tho casks. How tho liquor hissed and gurgled as it spouted into the pot ! When tho pot was full, Charlio held his thumb to tho hole until the sergeant plugged it up again. ' Now, couirado, take a nip,' ' After you,' said Charlie, mljdost y 'Tho girls we left beliind us,' And tho icrgennfc put the liquor to his lips, but ho lid nut drink nny. 'I'll givo that pledge with nil my icart,' responded Charlie, in proof of yhich ho almost emptied tho pannikin it a draught. It took away Tiis broath :cr the nonce, but that wns nothing, for :ho night waa cold. ' What do you say ; shall wo refill the joblot, Stanton V' t 'By nil means, Exley,'- and the pot was replenished. . \ ' I did not expect wo were going to liavo such a jolly timo in general, '' said the sentry, seating himself on one of', the puncheons, with the can of rum betwoen liis knees. ' Come, Clem, tako a sip and pass the dccanter.' . ' in a short time the measure was again empty, and once more filled. Tho fiery spirit was at loast twenty de grees over proof, and soon began to toll on the trooper. ' Wo must bo cautious, comwdc, aud not arouse tho sleeping guard,' said tho Bergcant, as CnarEo became rather uoiay. ' It is now past ntjdnight, and I don't ex pect tho visiting ollicer beforo four o'clock.' 'Oil, bother tho visiting oflicer ; pass the nappy, Clem.' ; ' I supposo you don't mind my reliev ing you when yoqr two hours aro up, Charlie ?' 'Not at all. I am content to remain hers till daylight, providing you leavo me tho gimlet. Hero's your health, Clem, and may you live to be a general.' Tho sergeant watched him with glisten ing eyes. ' Stoady, comrade, you will bo tipay,' ho aaid. . ' I ! nonBenae. Hore, hold my carbine, the pot ia empty.' Ono a.m. by the iiorgeant'a watch, and his companion is growing thick of speech, and rather prosy. In another half hour tho poor dupe is staggering about, moral ising to the empty air, like one of Con greve's lioroes. Ho will have another sip of the liquor, and ho hns his way, for he iB beyond reason now, Tho rum has mastered him completely ; anon ho ia nothing but a grovelling bundlo of human ity, his laugh cracked, aenso gone, and talking — ye Gods ! — rubbish and ribaldry, that tho sergeant grows disguBted, and leaves him alone in hia glory. The ofliecr of tho night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. tho commisBariat guard turned out at his aummona, and waa dismissed as coirect. ' llow many sentries havo you, Ser geant Exley ?'' ' Onty one, captain 1' ' 1 will visit him.' It waB UBiial for two men of the guard, and the noil commissioned ofl'uer in charge, to accompany tho oflicer wlion visiting the sentries. Exloy ' called two of his comradea, who conducted tho cap tain over to the Btoros, but of course thero was no ono to challenge their approach. ' Halt 1' cried tlio oflicer. How's this I Whero is your man, sergeant 1' he naked in n tono of surprise. Before the question could be answered, the Maori lad emorged from hia hiding, nnd pointed out tho dark inert form of tlio tipsy sentinel stretched upon the ground fast asleep. A light was brought from tho tent, and they tiied to rouse him, but in vain. Thero appeared no nocd to enquire how tho man got drunk on his poBt. Tho leaking cask, tho gim let. and tho pannikin half full of liquor on the ground beside him, told its own tale. ' This ia a very unfortunato mattor,' cried the sergeant, with well feigned re gret in his tone. ' What iB to be done, sir?' ' Done 1 why, your duty, Sergeant Ex ley, of course,' rosponded the captain. 'Carry tho poor devil to the guard tent, and put another man in hia place. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. Good night.' Morning came with its rosy blush, tinging the hill tops, aud kissing the Bleeping encampmont into renewed life. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard tout, whore his unfor tunato victim lay, slumbering off tho fumes of intoxication. ' Is thiB but tho prelude to her dream?'1 ho muttered. ' Gad, it would seem to. Hore aro the circle of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking tho valloy bo low. Yonder, the Olian lake gloaming in the early sun liko a burnished shield. What more 1 Shall tho curtain rise to day upon the first act of tho dream ? — the formed square, and tho man tied to the triangles ? Wo shall see. Charles Stanton, it would liavo been well had thou or I never aeon Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, alcep on. When thou wakest, thou wilt boo the cat roady. Aud now to snatch an hour's sleep. He turned into tho tent, and at that moment tho voice of Sanfly was heard calling for Snap, the re triever, who rtin, frisking towards tho lad in groat gleo, and the pair raced down the hill towards the tont occupied by Bob Cable. CHAPTER III. Colonel Bartopp, an old Indian ofiicor, and moroovor a strict disciplinarian, waB ono of tho last nion in tho army to pardon any serious breach of duty in the men under his command. c . According to tho voter, in, tlioro could bo no crimo so heinous ns disobedienco and r.eglect in the field bofore the enemy, Tho lives of a thousand, nay, ten thous and men, may rest upon tho caro and watchfulness of ono sontinol. Tho General's orders that ovcniiig con tained tho convening of a Court Martial for noxt day at noon, which indue course 'assembled, and the culprit was brought bofore it to answer tho chargo of boing drunk on duty. Chnrlio Stanton was not sobor, aud answered tho questions put to him in a hazy way, which only mado his guilt appear nil tho inoro culpablo in the eyes of his judges. Onco only during the proceedings, nnd when Sergeant Exloy was giving his evi dence, he put up his hand as if about to rebut the statement, but tho presidont commanded him to bo silent ; and so ho remained until tho proceedings termin ated. . Then caino tho verdict — ' Fifty Lashes.' Thero was neither timo nor soason for any other modo of punishment. Not a man in tho camp but tkat fell aorry for tho unfortunato prisoner. Yos ? there was ono, but oven ho appeared bo. Shammed sympathy with liis dupo, and received credit for being a good fellow. Our friend Bob G'ablu looked askance at tho sergeant, and shook his rough pnto. 'I cannot understand nil this palaver about strapping up Charlio at the gang way,' ho aaid. ' Wo'ro notsogors, least ways not regulars. Damme I I'll see Colonol Bartopp. There's snmothing in tho wind that's not fair and above board,'— Concluded in our Nuit. FL 1 ; 