THE CARDINAL AlSD PETER. an amusing ana inBtrnctive series of articles have been printed in the Converted Catholic, in whiob the Roman Archbishop's teaching, nnder the heading of " The Scarlet Prince," is brought out under the form of a oonversation, the said teaching being con tained in the Cardinal's hook, " the faith of our fathers." On the subject of Peter, the following extract from that hook was the subject examined. "The word Peter in the Syro-Chaldean tongue, means a rock . The sentence rnos thus in that language, " Thou art a rock, and on this rock 1 will build my cbaroh." Mr. Errington says : " Our scarlet prince is by blood an Irishman, by birth . an American, by office an Italian, and by religion a papist. In the paesage jnst quoted 1 see many peculiarities of his race and creed." " To the issue, Mr. Errington, said the jtidge, with something ot the old sternneas on the bench. "Mix nothing extraneous with the issue I " " Here is the point of my indictment," answered Panl Errington. " In the passage read our Scarlet Prinoe proves Peter a rock from the Syro-Chaldaio langnage. But why from Syro-Ohaldaio rather than from Greek Syro-;Ghaldaio, yon wil remember, ie the Hebrew corrupted in Babylon." " I had not noticed this in -his Eminence," remarked the Judge. "It strikes me as singular. Let ns have yonr explanation of the motive of onr American cardinal." " Before Mr. Errington answers I wish to remark," inteipoaed General Preston, "that onr Baltimore prelate understood how funda mental is his inquiry into the name of Peter as expressive of the offioe of Peter, and eub- miHsion to Peter. He affirms in his book — "To be true followers of Ccrist all Christians both among the olergy and the laity, must be in oommnnion with the see of Rome where Peter rules in the person of bis suoceasors. " The meaning of the Syro- Chiddui Cepha," resnmed Mr. Errington, " is fixed in the very verse of John in whioh it is used- Jesus said : ' Thou shalt he called Cephaa. John adds : ' whioh is by interpretation eiomf — in Greek, Petros. Thns iloly Siriptare makes Cephas stone, and onr Cardinal Priods twists Cephas into roek." " My father. Dr. Maloom, a Presbyteriia clergyman," said Mrs. Errington, " taught me Hebrew, and explained Syro-Ohaldaio, which he called Aramiic. My knowledge ooraew hack to me as an image from the oast. E r-imember that the Byro Chaldaio Cephas ia from the Hebrew Gaph, palm of the band, and means an artificial rock, but never genuine originalrodk," " As used by him Cephas is an equivoca- tion of his Scarlet Eminence," answered Paul . Errington with the heat of indignation. "Cephas is not true rook made by God, bat hollowed rooki as made by man. Let our cardinal render bis S.vro Chaldaic, not with ItaUan adroitness, but Amerioan candor 1 Ha will then say of Peter— Thou art a roolc hollowed hy man. But, . as we have seen, tha Scripture itself interprets Cephas into Potros, and we have therefore only to icq lira ints the meaning of Pjtros." " This seems a spot on the Scarlet of our Prince," said Judge Leverett. " I hope hw will find some means to purge the stain from his brilliant roba whioh so dazzles the inuo- oent crowd of bis streat-admirers. Why should his Emineuce ohoose his text from Syro-Chaldaio without the inspired interpre tation? It seems as if he wished ti <aka advantage of the fact that in Syro-Ohaldaio . Cephas may mean rock. But candor should hat:e made him say what k nd of a rock — artificial rock, bollollowed rook, man- shaped and not God made rook. Yon have narrowed the issue, Mr. Errington. Scripture has fixed the , syro-Chnldaio, Cephas, as the Greek PdtroB. With Pdtros, heuoafortb, wa ar« alone concerned." " Now we are ooming into a oouutry C know," iuterposed General Preston. " Hebresr is a st'ange land : Greek is a region familiar from boyhood. All here understand that langnage. The Judge stndiod at Harvard ; E nt Yale: Erriogton at Prinoetoc : Mrs. Errington with her father and Mary ak Vasear. I pronouaco that we are a jury competent to try the issue before Amerioa.' " Our Lord called Peter, Petros, whioh ia stone and not rock," coutinued Paul Erring ton. " Our Scarlet Prinoe tracaiatds Syro- Cbaldean into Euriish, and calls Pdter rock and not stone. 1 charge that by this indf- r- ction his Eminence has twisted and per verted the words of Jesns Christ. Never either in classic Grei k or in Septuagint Greek is Petros acylhing but stone." " Have you examined carefully 7" asked the Judge. " Industriously and exhaustively," replied Paul Errington. " 1 challenge our Araerioam cardinal before onr Amerioan people- H calls Peter rock. It is against all classic and all Soriptnre authority. His Emtaenoe 'iu guilty of either ignorance or duplicity. Lsfe him ohooBo whioh I " " We must pause here," said Judga Leverett as if weighing on the bsnch witk the scales of justice. "If wa are right its this the cardinal fails from his glittering pinuaole before all Amerioa." " As a soholur too he will loose iuSaenoe in his Ctttholio University at Washington, added General Preston. " It will hurt him with the Pope. Indeed he will forfeit his eoclesiastioal leadership, and sit uneasily under his scarlet splendor. I am sure he wlH. also miss the etreet- gaza of the populace." " Our free citvzoua will m asure him not by his garment, bnt by his argnmeat," said Judge Leverett. "If ho has committed saoh a blunder in classic and sacred learniog tiia Vatican cannot prevent his humil'ation iu our Republic." Here are my authorities 1" answered Paul ' Erringt'.'U. " Examine for yourself I Thera is another aspect to onr inquiry. Our Siarlot Prince has taken his meaning of Peter from Syro-Ohaldaio and not from Greek. But bo has taken it. Before Amerioa be calls PeCer rock. Now if onr prince prelate does not know whit Peter means what else oan he know? From Poter he derives all and is ignorant of the signifioation of Peinr I Ho iriuelates Poter rock in the face of both classio and sacred Greek. Morel Iu rhte very interpretation he is opposed to popes and councils pronounced by himself infalltbta in his own infallible oborch." " Wonder of wonders 1" cried the Judge ia amizement. " Establish that and his Emr- noDoe must dofiE his scarlet, close hia palaos and move north among the Esquimaux." " Remember," resumed Paul Errington, thrilling with enthusiasm, "that his Emi nence in his book tells America ia English what he mesne America to baiieve as the troth of Scrip'nra. He styles Pater rock. Jerome, translator of the Latin Volgate, instead of us'ng lajiie, coined the Lat'n Patrus to express the Greek Petros. As the Greek P.troa means etone so tlie Latin Patrus meuns stone. P ape Damasns, patron of Jerime, must hara approved bis translation, and taken Poter to mean stone. Sixins V. isaned an editiun of the Latin Vulgate in whioh he adopted the PetruB of Jerome and Damaaus. The Onaooil of Trent made the Latm Vulgate the Cattiolia aiandard. Tuis all sauceeding popes have approved. Thus the Greek Patros, as tho Latin Potrcs dignifyiag etone and not rock, is the authorized interpretjiiiua of the infallible Roman Ciiuron, and our Scarlet Prinoe in bis hot Irish-American zeal to win our R-publio to his Italian master has dashed himself, nub 'only'' against olaesio and aaored anthoritiee, -tut alao against long lines of popes and councils which be yet accepts as interpreters in.an of the will and word of God." f '" Our American pbae'on must not drive so Arionsly bis snn-chariot," said Jndge Jieverett. "He will drop or scorch his 'noarltt. In what year was his 'Failh of cur Fathers ' copyrighted ? ' " Here ie the date on the inside of the covfr," answered Emilie Errington. " It is the year 1879." ' " And how many editions have eince been iBBued P" asked'Mr. Preston. " I hove just been examining," answered Ilary Preston. "This edition in my hand is the thirty.fouitb. Also I have seen it stated that ail the Roman priests in Amerioa are active in its circnlation." " And yet neither pope nor cardinal, nor any European nor American prelate or doctor diss corrected this monstrous and misleading error. It is not creditable to Oatbolio scholar- ship, and will not help the university at our capital. Was the scarlet of our prince the Papal reward of bis book ? If so, the infal lible holy father is also involved in the iblnnder." " Judge, may a woman venture a word in the trial of a celibate cardinal ?" asked Bmilio Frrington. "A thousand words. Madam! Peter, the original of popes, showed his appreciation of your eex by takine a wife. Better for the world if each pontiff in tho line had followed the apostolic example I" "'Whatever the meaning, of Oopbas, w-e have seen that Petroa was its translation in "Greek, which fixes its English as sfone," answered Mrs. Errington. " Now this is my remaik : To make Peter, roc/c and not s/one, nnr cardinal interprets Greek into Syro. Chaldaic, thus reversing the order of Scrip ture which interprets Syro-Obaldaic by Greek: To magnify the Pope he confuses tho Bible." \- "I too a woman will dare enter the lists with our scarlet knight in bis dazkling armor," said Mary Preston. "If he uses the Syro-Ghaldaio in his argument he should use the Byro-Ohaldaio in the pontifical title. Let him call popes successors to Oephas. Let him \- -style Rome the city of Oephas. Let him speak of the chair of Cephas. In all his own writings let him exchange Peter for Oephas! Such a consistehoy, by an over- dosoi will cure ibis love for Syro-Ohaldaic." ; "Will said!" exolaimed Judge. Leverett. Oar Indies hsye unhorsed onr, scarlet oharn- pion and pierced at last his celibate beart with a feminine wonnd. I am now prepared (6 decide. May America beed ! Peler means -s/oHO ; naming Piter you names/one ; building pn' Poter yon boiid on storre ; adoring Peter yon udore stone ; making Peter your head you .makis your head of stone. In her histbries, 'her creeds, her treatises, htr sermons, her decrees, her bnllp, her liturgies, let the Roman Hhurch remember that the Holy Ghost in John, and tho Divine Christ in Matthew, call her first Pope- -stone." " iniB leads to my crowning argument, exclaimed Paul Errington. " The Greek for rock is Poire, and never Petros. Is Jehovah an Hebrew S lah ? Always in the Septungint the Hebrew Selah becomes the Grot k Putra— in English rocZ; And so through the whole arangb of classio literotnre. Potroe and Fetra iare so nearly alike as to bo mostly coufoandGd. Thf-y are as different as part from a wholr. Pttros stone is a fragment of Fetra rock. Apostles, prophets, poets, historians, orators, philosophers preserve the invariable dislinc. .tion between the words. Our Scarlet Prince is the only man in any age who has bad the ; temerity to depart from a uetige c'bnftrmed by ' Iiis own popes and connciie. " Surely," interposed Judge Leverett, "sad ly, but indisputably true." "I cast my weight into the same scale," isaid General Preston. Both gentlemen spots with the assurance that springs from honest scholarly investiga tion. The ladies too signified their acquies cence. "Now for my conclusion," cried Paul "Hrflngton. "Had onr Lord intended for a ifonndution the stone Peter oar Lord would "have said. so. This would have been ex- prtsBod by Epi touto Petro, meaning on this stone P.<ter I build my Ohurch, But no ! Epi tdute Petra on tbis rock I build my Ohurcti. BbCween Petra, roclt, and Petros, stone— is all the difftrence from Alpha to Omega — that length of the Greek alphabet which by usage means the greatest difference possible. The Ohurch then is built, not on the stone, Peter, hut on tho rock, Chiist — Creator and Re deemer — Jehovah and Jesus — man and God in one Person, on , whoso Divinity alone can reet eternal salvation." " And the Latin Vulgate established by Trent as the Roman standard follows the Greek original," .exclaimed General Preston. .'P trus' lhe stone is discarded for Petra the -Tocl!. What Bays tho Biblo of iufslliblo -p'opes ? Not supra Jmnc Pelrum, I will build my Ohurch, bui supra hanc pctram, I will -build my dourch. Rouie thus furnishes the antidote of her own error. Each pope, suc- ceiBor to Peter, witnesses in bis own Sorip- tnre ihai the Church is founded, not on human stone, but on Divine Eock, Wnenover and 'witrever Rome quotes our Lord's words to suppoit her claim, she attests that Peter is stone, and that the rock Christ set him ssido. I know nothing in Scripture more wonder- ini.", " Now I'nm ready to conclude our evening with my/decislbb, subject to our own review, and the verdict of the American people;" said Jndg b. Leverett, w|ih a majestiq dignity in his lace and manner. / " Prom olassto and Soiip- tnle it lia been preyed that invariably Petros 'i» 'sto7j«, and vol rock, end that Petra- is rooA; .an'ii-uoi stone. Car Lord Himself gave Peter the name stone. Car Lord Himself, by His apostle, interpreted the Syro- Ohaldaic into Greek — Cephas into Petros. Our Lord Him self rejected Petros the stone as the founda tion of His Ohnrch, and declared Himself the rock as its fonndation. Here Greek and Latin agree. Protestant Bible and Papal Bible bear the same testimony. Jnstly has onr American cardinal excited suspicion. Why shonld be translate from Syro-Ohaldaio, and make Peter rock in the very verse where Scriptnre makes Cephas stone ? In religious controversy I have known nothing more evasive, espooially as in all other cases ezcept his argnment onr Scarlet Prince uees not the SyrO'Ohaldaio Cephas, bnt the ordinary word P-jter. 