GENERAL HEWS. OUR LONDON LETTER. From Our Correspondent. LONDON. 28th OaTOBEn.' Evory Briton, and, for tho matter of : that, every Irishman, Amorioan, Australian and other members of tho. English spooking rnoo, is proud of Mr. Gladstono for his learning, his oloquonoe, his versatility and his gonius. It was thought wonderful that Lord Palmorston should: be a Prime Minister at; tho age of 80;. bnt Mr, .Gladstone.-: is. Prime ;Ministor at : 83- It was thought romarkablo that ; Lord Palmqrston: could,1 manogo to perform tho dutios of his office, ovon with -romarkably able subordinates ; but suoh a task is moro child's play for Mr. Gladstono. Better men might soe some difficulty in reconciling tho different con tending olnims of Irish Homo Balers, Scotch and Wolsh Disestablishars, English Local Op- tionists, and advocates of a legal eight hours. But Mr. Gladstone regards suoh a task as the relaxation of his loisuro hours, and finds time to oontribato articles to magazines, to' write hundreds of post oards to his' friends and cor respondents in Europe, Asia, Africa, America and- Australia, and, within the past fow few days to deliver a most remarkable and intorosting lecture 'on Medimval Univeisities, in whioh be dilatod ; in the olassio preoiuots of the Sholdoni&n; Theatre of Oxtord, on tho history and origin of universities, whioh ho regarded as not bo much tho handmaidens as tho rivals of the ohuroh. The lecturer gave a brief but graphio account of Oxford, and paid an eloquent tribute to its influenco upou modern thought. The enormous efforts whioh both Oxford and Cambridge had made iu extension work showed .UHV -"-J J-.-61 MW pointed out that whethor or not tbo idea of a university, in its comprehensive fulness, had or had not been au essentially Christian concep tion, there was not tho slightest historio doubt that the central idea of English universities was essentially Christian. Mr. Gladstone was enthusiastically received at Oxford, not only before and after tho leoture, but on tbo follow ing day, when ho visited tlio Clarendon Press, and reminded tho compositors that there had been a time when the artisans of that estab lishment valued the work they exeouted for itself, and not merely for the money it brought thom. Thero are persons who think that Mr. Glad stone could bo moro usefully employed in assisting at tho eounoils and, perhaps, mode rating tho zeal of his two lieutonanto, Air. Asquith and Mr. Alorloy. The deoision of the former gentleman to throw open Trafalgar, square on Saturday afternoons, Sundays and bank holidays has ploased no one. The inhabi tants of the neighborhood urge that the decision violates that particular dootrine upon whioh all the members of tbo Cabiuot are said to be agreed — Home Rule and local option. Thero is no doubt whatevor that an overwhelming majority of tho persons who live in the immediate neighborhood of Trofalgar-squoro are strongly opposed to its being the meeting piaoa of all tho roughs in the metropolis who aro attraotod thitlior by the announcement that meotings of any kind will bo hold there. And, on tho other hand, Mr. Asquith's compromiso has not satisfied the Sooial Dcmooratio Federation. Air. Hyndman said at a meeting, " they owed no thanks to Mr. Asquith for his deoision ; ho was compelled to give way beoause he was afraid of losing votes." Mr. Bernard Shaw was more explicit, and said that if they had multitudiuotis meetings of tho unemployed in Trafalgar-square no doubt "Mr. Asquith would in his turn bring out tho polioo and tho soldiers." But tho loadors of the un employed, of whom thero aro tens of thousands in London, seem determined to hold meetings in season and out of season, and to foroe tho Government to suppress them by tho employ ment of phyBioal foroe. To porBon9 who live at a distanoo this question of holding meotings in Trafalgar-sqaaro may appear a trivial matter, but .it is no small thing to bring 50,000 men -from -remote suburbs iuto tbo very centre of London, in the proximity of all the finest shops in tho West End, and within a few yards of the prinoipal hotels. The men who oonvene the meotings may have tho best possible intentions, but they aro quite unable to control tho thousands of professional thieves and piokpookots who resort to any plaao where there is likely to be a tumult, as vultures Hook to a dead oaronse. : It may be easy to keep thom in order when tho mooting place is in tho centro of Hyde Bark or in a suburb. But it is a different thing when the disordar takes plaoo in a orowded thorough faro like the Strand. It is reported, with some apparent probability, that the Government contemplates releasing Egan, who wob oonviotod of a dynamite outrago at Birmingham ; that Daly, anothor dynamitist, is to have his sentenae commuted ; and that in addition to "the two patriotio Irishman who aro languishing in British dungeons " one of tho criminals implicated in the assassination of Lord Frederiok Cavendish and Mr. Burko, and another oanviot who was aonoornod in tho murdor of a polioo officor, aro to bo roloaBtd. AU these men woro oonviotod and sentenced when Mr. Gladstone was last in power, and cannot be said to bo the victims of Tory injus tice. After the mannor in whioh tbo pardoned Fenians took advantage of the lonicnoy shown thom, and the atrocities onginoorod by O'Dono- van Basse, ono would havo thought that any Ministry would havo boon very ahary about turning looso upon socioty men who think that they host show their love for Ireland by the em ployment of dynamite. Unfortunately, Air. Morloy, in spite of his better self, is obliged to strengthen tho bands of that sootian of the Irish Nationalists without whose votes his Alinistry could not keop in offioo. And they aro the very men to drive a hard bargain. Tho London County Counoil, in agroeing to aonstruot a now street from Holborn to the Strand and widening the latter thoroughfare, have doolded that this muoh needed reform shall not bo undertakon unless tho ground landlords can be made to pay half the cost. Thie is, how- ever, nothing more than the reassertion of the principle of betterment. Bat the council has introduced another new principle, viz., that compulsory power be given the council to acquire land within a mile of the new street for the purpose of bousing those members of the laboring class who will be displaced by the im provements, and who must live near their work, and that the others be rehoused in a suburb to be selected by the council, free transit being pro vided by tram or train. This recommendation went further than many even of the progressive members approved, and there was a somewhat lively discussion; but in the end the pro posal was carried with a few verbat amendments by a small majority. The writer of a letter in the Standard, who signs himself "Anglo- Australian," states : — "There is a remarkable analogy between the origin and performances of the London County Council and the Australian Houses of Assem bly. They are both representative bodies, and the majority in all the Houses depends on the support of the trades unions as representative of the laboring classes." This statement is tho roughly incorrect as far as the County Council of London is concerned, Inasmuch as it is elected by the householders and ratepayers, amongst whom the working classes, wha in Lon don at any rate are mostly lodgers, are in a small minority, the presence In the London County Council of a progressive majority was caused by the unpopularity of the moderates, whoacled asif they were entirely in the interests of the ground landlords. " Anglo- Australian " draws a melan choly picture of the Melbourne of to-day, which he says is "to one who remembers the scene ot aotive prosperity of five years ago the most melancholy sight in the world." If his other etatements are no more reliable than those he makes about the London County Counoil, they are not very important. The advantages of co-operation have been brought before the Labor Commissioners by the chairman of the English and Scottish Wholesale Societies. There are 1624 branches in England alone, and amongBt the advantages' of ' the movement was the abolition of false dealing. Tbe Rochdale Pioneers had from their founda tion sold goods to tho amount of £8,587,385, and bad given to their members in profit anil interest £1,289,767. At Bolton, a society founded 32 years ago had turned over £5,110,649 at a profit of £726,784. During the last 30 years the total sales of all societies linil reached a total of £500,000,000, with a profit of £40,000,000. Depots had been established in Ireland, Denmark,- Hamburg and New York. Their employes were paid the highest market rates, and the committee always tried to work-in harmony with tho trades'unions. There was much difference' of' opinion about the advantages of profit sharing, and it was only in force in one establishment, the Colne Yale flour mill. The Duke of Devonshire delivered an address 'few nights ago at Preston on the advantages of technical education. After pointing out the measures which hail been taken of late years to give instruction in science and art, the duke continued that such training must be continued during youth and early manhood. The pros perity of thik country arose from its being the foremost industrial and commercial country, but the conditions had changed and were con stantly changing.' Technical education could -not be taught like French or arithmetic. If was rather a method than a subject. He doubted the efficacy of prize giving, and would prefer aonio plan for showing the great mass of the people that tcchnioal education was not only an advantage, but a necessity. ' < He thought the education of the ordinary schools turned out too ' many clerks and bookkeepers and too fe wartisan's, but it was absurd to suppose that high eduoation should necessarily withdraw a man from ' the ranks of manual labor. "We ought to be on our -guard against nny impression that there was anything more - honorable, more refined, more respectable in the labor of a clerk who sat be hind a desk than in the labor of an artisan who worked in a mine or a fuctory." : The speech of the duke was very wise, and was directed' against tlic modern system of substituting an aristooracy of occupation for au aristocracy of birth and rank; An investigation into the management of "General" Booth's " Darkest England Fund" is \- shortly to be oommonced by a competent com- :mittoo, and tho publio will soon know whether -there is any foundation for the. insinuations -whioh havo been mado against the capacity and integrity of the Salvation Army leader. The Times says that it will bo satisfied if the investi gation proves that " the funds- are invested in' -neb a manner as tho funds of a charity ought to bo invosted, that its affairs are oon- -ducted in a businesslike way, and that the ' results hitherto produced by : the ' Darkest England solieme promise a reasonable -measure of- Buoceea.'! 'Meanwhile Mr.- Booth, with1 his characteristic energy, as his friends rail it— -his enemies' Btyle it by a harsher phrase — \- has told the publio that lie cannot' wait for - the -result of the investigation, and asks that £60, OCX) -should be immediately handed over to -him.: This rush with' the' collecting box,- whioh 'is \- thrust in the ' faoe of every newspaper editor and minister of religion,' is ' in ao'cor- dance with the Booth system, and it is ' this : method whioh causes so many people to regard it and him with suspicion. ' It will be : recollected that immediately after the great social scheme was started, Mr. Frank Smith re- ' signed because the finances of the sooial solieme ' were hot kept sufficiently apart from the ordi nary" work of the " army." It is an open scoret ' that Mr. Booth lent a considerable slim of money to Mr. Stead in order to enable him to start the ' Bcyicxo of Reviews. It iB to be hoped that when "be is under orore-examination the leader of the Salvation Army will make a clean breast of 'It. _ A new Pall Mail Gazelle Is 'projected ' by Mr. ' Lewnca, proprietor ot Til Bits nnd the Strand ' l/asazinc. ' The newspaper may be a good 'Liberal weapon, and may eventually bring a( baronbtoy to its proprietor. But tho > ground - ''under the Liberal -punny 'evening paporshlins been completely cut away by tho Liberal half- penny evening papers. Singularly enough, no evening paper seem3 able to obtain any large number of advertisements, and the multiplicity of editions, which commence to be issued about II a.m., and are continued till 6 p.m., deprive tbe circulation of any possible profit. The following remarks about the wheat crop from the agricultural article in the Standard will be read with interest by Victorian farmers : — " In the first week of September we stated in this column that the yield of marketable wheat In the United Kingdom could hardly be expected to exceed 26 bushels an acre, and sines that time the late crops have been depreciated by unfavor able weather. The mean yield of the Roth- amsted experimental plots of wheat, as shown by Sir John Lawes in tbe letter we published on Saturday, was a fraction less than that quantity, and he reckons that it is too much to allow now for the country as a whole. He states what the produce of the United Kingdom would bo at barely 26 bushels and at 22 bushels respectively, without distinctly estimating the actual yield. Allowing himself this wide margin, he puts the total home produce available for consumption at from about 5,750,000 to a little under 7,000,000 quarters. The population at the middle of the cereal year he estimates at 38,318,588, as compared with our own calculation of 38,341,500, including that of the small islands (probably not included by Sir John Lawes), and he allows for a consumption of 6 bushols of wheat a head, or nearly 28,750,000 quarters in all Thus, by bis alternative allowances for the home supply, he makes the balance of requirements, to bo met by imports "and surplus reserve stocks, 22,000,000 to 23,000,000 quarters. The lower quantity was suggested in this column two months ago, boforo tho full damage done to tbe harvest had all taken place. Ab tbe United States alone can spare 21,000,000 quarters, and we can draw any more that we may require from surplus reserves, tho market outlook is not a hopeful one for pro ducers. Tills year tho price of wheat has gone down to the lowest point touched during the present century. For the week ended on 8th October the uvorage price was only 27s. 9d. a quarter, or 2d. lower than ' the previous mini mum, reached in June, 1889. Whatever attempts may bo made to show u profit on pro duction at such a price — on paper — it is certain that no one in this country can get a living by growing wheat to Bell at so low a rate. At the highest yield suggested by Sir John Lawes as the possible average for the United Kingdom, an aero of wheat, sold at ' tho; price just given, would give a return of no more than £4 10s. 2d., apart from tho value of the Btraw and chaff, which are not sold by the great majority of farmers. On good wlioat land, let at a low rent, us a great deal of such land is let now, it is sometimes possible to' show a profit on wheat sold at 30s. a quarter, provided that tho straw be disposed of also; but with this year's yield the orop as a whole would be sold at a loss if that price were realised for the grain,' and the current average value for the straw. Moreover, if all farmers sold their wheat straw, the value of the commodity would bo so greatly reduced that there would bo no advantage in sending it ,to market instead of making it into manure. It is impossible to make an exact balance sheet for a single crop in a rotation, and an approximately accurate one is seldom published. One man will charge the whole value of' the manuro to the wheat crop, while another ' will allow only ono-foiirth of that value when tho fertiliser is applied only once in u four-course rotation. Both are wrong; for while tho first orop grown after the application of the manuro, which is usually wheat, docs not exhaust the elements of fertility applied, it docs not leave three-fourths of them to suc ceeding crops.' When farm yard manuro is used, there is the additional difficulty of estimatiog its cost, which varies with the circumstances under which it is ' produced. If the straw used in making it were valued at market price, the cost of a dressing would be so great tlidt no corn crop wonld pay for it, while the animals for whioh the straw is used us litter seldom leavo any margin of profit for it after all their food has been charged to them. In the old times wheat growing was profitable enough to' justify farmers in feeding c&ttle; for the express purpose of stamping down straw to make manure for the crop, and if the animals cleared all ex penses for food, and left the manure gratis, they were considered to have done well. In other words, wheat provided the profit on 'cattlo' when it sold at 50s. to 60s. a quarter j.but it will not do so when sold at 30s. a quarter or less. Another mistake commonly mailo by compilers of balance sheets of wheat production is that of, ignoring the difference between tho aoroage upon whioh rent is paid and that upon which orops are grown, fences, roads, yards and waste being all included in tho former area. Again, a share of the miscellaneous "expanses of a farm, whioh cannot he charged to any particu lar orop, is almost invariably omitted by persons who show, to theirown'sa'tisfaotion, a profit on wheat growing at suoh prices us have recently prevailed. Great as the decrease iu tho aoresge of our wheat orop has been during tho last 10 years, it would certainly havo bocn rnuoh greater if farmers had not been expeoting that prioos wonld speedily rise. If tbo farmers of Great Britain become convinced that the wheat market will never. again improve, the area under tbat oercal would permanently decline to a very small aoreage." The Independent Theatre, having surfoltod their admirers with foreign1' horror, have pro- duced a revised edition of the Duchess oJMalfi, a tragedy printed in 1623, written by John Webster, and played by the King's Servants at Black Friars and the Globe, Burbage noting tho part of the'Duko Ferdinand. It was revived in 1640, when Bettcrton played Bosola and Mrs. Bctterton tbe duchess. Australian readers will be 'Interested Ip know that when the play' was revived at Sadler's Wills ' in. 1850 it was revised and r partly , rewritten by. R. H. Home. The story is horrible. The duobess, a virtuous widow, liris two brothers, one a duke and the other a' cardinal, and oa'oli as thorough going a miscreant asis to be encountered in. Italian lite- ruturo— - the Bofgias wore by comparison angels of light. The brothers, feariiig lest their, sister nay, contrary to their wising inarry again, set a spy (Bosola) to watch her. She marries her steward, tbo handsome but low born An tonio, and bos three children. The. brothers discover the misalliance and determine not only to murder their sister, but to torture her. They get her into their power. First of all. her brother shows her a dead baud, xinged with her betrothal ring, and tells her it is that of her husband. Then her bedchamber is sur rounded with manisc9 from the public mad bouse, who dance and bowl around it. Next the dance of death is danced before her. Presently she is shown a chapclle ardente, with her coffin in it, and is strangled by three oxeoutioners. Next they strangle her three children and her maid. Finally the mistress of the cardinal is poisoned, the duke goes mud nnd fancies himself n wolf, Antonio is killed by Bosola, who stabs the cardinal, slays the doke and finally dies himself. Tbe dance of death was more horrible than tbe murders. Three ladies, clad like tbe woman in Holbein's picture of Death and the Lady, enter silently, .bow gravely to tho duchess, and begin a rhythmio dance with two skeletons. Tho ladies turn their backs, and on their backs are skeletons. The dance is accompanied by the tap of a muffled drum, and although in description the whole affair may seem absurd, it made tho audienco shudder. I cannot see what earthly advantage is to be gained by such revivals, unless it be to show that our ancestors were accustomed to plays quite ss horrible as Ibsen's Ghosts or Zola's Tberese Raquin. A very different class of piece is The. Guards man, a) now comedy by G. R. Sims. and .Cecil Raleigh, which has been produced at the Court Theatre. The Guardsman of the play is Captain Sir Eustaoe Brandon (Mr. Elliot), who has an unolo, Sir James Bramston (Mr. Arthur Cecil), whoso long experience as a judge on tho divorce side of the High Court Iibb given bim so strong a prejudice against matrimony tbat bo' has made up bis mind that liia nephew shall not marry if ho by any possibility can help it. But Sir Eustaoe, who is somewhat impecunious him self, lias' a wealthy aunt, Lady Jones (Miss Caroline Hill), from whom he has considerable expectations, and sho is most desirous, not . only that he should marry, but that he should, take for a wife a charming Ameri can girl, Daphne Ldvat (Miss Ellaliiie Terriss). Indeed, the aunt goes so far as to say that if Eustace docs not propose by a certain date, not only will sho refuso' to psy his debts, but she will even sue him. for the money sho has already lent him. Sir Eustaoe is, however, in lovo with a girl whom he has met twice, but of whom he knows nothing. On the first occasion the encounter was on tho underground railway ; on the second he restored to her a watch whioh had been stolen from her. But on neither occa sion did she disclose her name. . -Sir James, not withstanding the dignified position hebad so re cently held— for he bos just retired from the bench— hits upon an ingenious but reprehensible scheme for preventing hiB nephew's marriage, and takes for his accomplice a certain wealthy but foolish and oaddlsli young man named Hanbury Hakes (Mr. IVeedoii Grossmitb), and a milliner with a history, Kitty Masters. (Miss Agnes Thomas). Anonymous let ters are sent to Daphne, 'denouncing Eustaco as a Lothario aiid Lovelace of the very worst descrip tion, and Kitty writes them not knowing that Daphne knows her handwriting from her having been the milliner of that young lady. An ingeni ous episode occurs in tbo second act. ' Lady Jones lias -promised that she. will free.' Eustaco from his embarrassment if he will propose to Daphne.' He calls upon her with that intention, not knowing that she is really tbe girl of his heart and the heroine of the underground rail way. The canning old judge tells bim. that if ho will only romance about himself and mako himself out as bad as possible, Lady Jones and Daphne will not care fo go on with tbe marriage. He falls into the irap, only to find tbat the girl whom he has triod to disgust is liis heroine. Of oourse, all ends as it ought to end. Lady Jones carries her point, Daphne becomes a bride, and tho wicked old judge goes to the South of France utterly dis comfited. One of the best played characters is that ofHanbnry Hakes, a vainglorious pickle and jam merchant, who thinks that his money will carry him anywhere and everywhere— that it will enable him to drive four horses and rido across country. His tailor makes him a smart, ' sporting looking coat, and tells him that it' only nocdBa four-in-hand to match it. .Hakes dis- covemtoo'late that money will not do every thing, and between his social muddlbs'and liis relations with Kitty Masters, who threatens him with an action for breach of promise of marriage, lie lias a rather bad time. The American girl is played very delightfully by Miss Terriss, who is neither loud, slangy nor fast. Mr. Cecil gave a humorous study of tho ex-judge, who thinks he can do wrong with impunity, so long as ho takes care that there is no cvidenae against him. Altogether the comedy kept the whole audienco in excellent humor, and although light and sparkling, oontains some capital writing. HAPPY MOMENTS. 