A Bootless attempt— To get up stain with out being heard by your wife. A Mas full of spirits is not naturally given to sober reflection. Thb man with a boll on his neck never borrows trouble. He has enough of it. She (tragically) : " Take back the heart that thou gavest. He: " Never mind the heart- just fork over that diamond ring," Mks. Prim: 41 John, we must discharge that new music teacher." Mr. Prim: <(Whv so, Maria?" Mre. Prim: "I heard our girls say he has a delightful touch." Pbtrbt (to a very eick man): "Now, if you have any earnest desire in your heart, name it." Sick Man : 41 1 want to get well !" Pokt : 44 Don't you like the meter of my new pomur So li;rht, you know.' Critic: 44 Yes, almost light enough for a gas meter." Hiss Plumleigh (choking) : 44 Oh, Mr. Dudekin, I— I really think I've swallowed a dreadful fly! What shall I do?" Dudekin: "Deahgixl, better swallow some fly-paper." 4< What shall you give me, pa/ she aud, 11 Upon my wedding day r" And pa with gravity replied: 44 I'll give yon, dear— away.' Mas. Oldboy : 41 Oh, yonneedn't talk, John. Yon were bound to have me. You can't say that ever I ran after you." Oldboy: 44 Very true, Maria ; and the trap never runs after the mouse, but it gathers him in all the same." Sunday School Teacher; "Who made the sun and the moon stand still?" First Boy: "Adam." £>. 5. T«: "No." Second Boy: 44 Moses." S. S. T.: 44 No. What's the matter with Joshua?" Class (in unison): 44 He's ail right!" A Ybby poor actor having played the part of the Ghost in 44 Hamlet" for many yean, Saphir, the German wit, on ««wing hitq> aa?s » " 41 ft would be a good thing if this man gave up the ghost, so that somebody else could takelus part." Lots is Shobt. — "My darling," die mur mured,4' you know that I love you. Is this not enough for the present ? Be assured that I will set a day forour wedding as soon as it is possible." "That's all nght, Miranda/1 doggedly replied the young man, " but 1 hope you will remember tbat I've got to be married in this suit, and it won't last for ever." Why She was Anxious.— 14 But why are yon so very anxious to see a whale, Mrs. . Trotter?" asked the captain, after the lady had asked for the twentieth time if one was in sight. 44 1 want so much to eee one blubber, captain. It must be very impressive to see I' such a luge creature ery." Found His Groove. — Dobbin : il Do yon know, my friend, that when the Rev, Goager officiated here I felt that he never would bo appreciated. In fact, I don't know where he would be." Jobbina: 44 Well, he seemed to have sense enough to know that, for he went as a missionary to South Africa. The natives there not only appreciated, but relished. A Fast Colour. — Excited Old Gentleman r 44 Didn't you eay, when I bought these socks, that you'd guarantee them a fast colour P" Affable shopman : 44 We guarantee everything." Excited Old Gentleman: " Well, sir, I worn them one day, and they made my feet eo black it is impossible to get it off." Affable Shopman (triumphantly) : 44 Well, I don't see what you. want of any foster colour than that." No Bails. — A wedding ceremony was to take plaoe in one of the prominent churches. The bridal party had not yet arrived, but were momentarily expected, when a small boy put in an appearance and gazed long and curiously up the main aisle. "Humph" he muttered dtideinfully. 44 1 don't see any," 44 Don't see any what, boy?" asked an inquisitive usher standing near. 44 Don't see derails, of course." 44 Boils! Bails for what?" said the usher, in wonderment, as a small group gathered round the boy. "Why, for the bride's tram to run on— eee?" Ana the boy eschped, and there followed a stillness eo dense you would have heard a cough drop on the door-step around the corner. He Guessed It.— "Fine tnornin', jedge." "Yourve guessed it. Yours is ten dollars anA eosts." Died at tee Post of Duty.— An old salt, om hearing of the death of his old master, the captain of a frigate, dashed away a tear and said: 44 What did he die of?" 41 The rupture of a vessel." "Ah, that's better. Agloaona death for a sailor !" Two Likenesses.— Young Billops (feeding his best girl after the theatre): "Let me give yon a little more of this pudding." Sent Girl: "Yet. It so reminds me of you. Young Billops: "Because if« so sweet? Tee- he!" Beet Giri And bo soft." Answer to ax Old moito.— Marion was fin a room with her mother, where she saw upon the wall the Hluminated text : "What is Home - Without a Mother F" Spelling it out, she said: 11 Mamma, why don't they put the answer to that conundrum up there?" " What is the answer?" . asked her mother. 41 An orphan, of course," answered Marion, with great aatie- fHfrni. r,44T gfiMiwl ft tinny 11 OuOrLa&y; <exciteaiy)T— " When lu thetrida dneY Ticket Agent—" In two hours and forty minutes." OldXady Y withe sigh of relief— '"lam so glad I am not too late!" 44 ' Well, little boy, what's your name?" <C(8hadrack Nebuchadnezzar Jonee." "Who gave you that name?" 44 X don't faaow. But yer bet char life if I find out whan I gets ene growth they'll be sony for it" Esraosd Contributor— 11 Your proof-reader made nonsense out of that article of mine this morning, sir — outrageous nonsense, sir! Editor— 44 By George ! I couldn't make any thing out of it at all ! I'U raise that fellow4 jbbotkd —The situation that was 44 going begging" has been takeaupbythepolioe. Motto for Authors.— Take care of the pens and the pounds will take care of themselves. ABefi£cxzok. — It is said that there is modi more pleasure experienced in giving than aa receiving. This is doubly true, as regards advice— and kicks. " Breach of Pbomibb.— 41 When does it come on, dear?" 44 T— t— to — to-morrow." " Cheer up, darling ! Don't give way." 44 Oh, if nothing ! Tm only practising far the jury." Undertaker: 44 What kind of trimming will you have on the ooffin!" Widow: "None, atalLatalL Aplainkorfin. It was trimmins what killed him!" Undertaker: "What!" Widow: 41 Yes, delirium trimmins." Whxx he Never Learnt. — 44 That's 4 v knowing animal of yours," said a- young masher to the keeper of an elephant. "Very, was the cool rejoinder. " He performs strange tricks and anties, does he?" eyeing the Miwri ' thinmgh the eyeglass. "Surprising!" retorted the keeper. 44 we've learnt him to put money in that box you eee far away up / f there. Try him with half a dollar." The masher handed the elephant a haff-doDax and, sure enough, he took it in his trunk ' and - placed it in a box high ont of reach. 41 Wll, that's very extraordtowy— astonishing, troty. < He can take it out again, of course?" We a sever learnt him that," returned the keeper, with a rognich leer, and then turned to stir up the monkeys and punch the hyenas. ' 4 Say. Moike, pfwhatts on elephant P' "Oh utVat'uig wide skin loike a pig and a &eck-;| loike a goose, wid his head on the other infi." 