THE REV. J. WATSFORD IN BRISBANE. The present visit of the Rev. John Watsford to Brisbane is an event of much interest to the Wesleyan Church in the colony. He was the first minster of that denomination in Brisbane, and in connection with the missionary enter- prise exhibited by the Wesleyan Church he has played a prominent part. As the Rev. Mr. Webb said yesterday, Mr. Watsford was one of the early missionary pioneers of cannibal Fiji, and, perhaps, no man living, could tell the tale of early Fiji as Mr. Watsford could tell it. "The chief that walked as a warrior" was the name by which the rev. gentleman was remem- bered by the natives among whom he laboured so earnestly and with such good results. It is, therefore, to be greatly regretted that the in- cessant rainpour yesterday afternoon prevented many from taking advantage of the oppor- tunity offered of hearing Mr. Watsford speak on "Early missionary triumphs in Fiji." The attendance at the meeting in the Albert-street Church was small, but those who had braved the elements, and some of them were elderly people who came a considerable distance, were amply rewarded for any incon- venience they experienced in venturing out of doors in most inclement weather. The Rev. Mr. Webb presided, and briefly introduced Mr. Watsford, who had a story to tell and told that story in a manner which for nearly two hours claimed the closest attention of his hearers. It was in 1844 that Mr. Watsford (the first Australian-born minister of the gospel sent down to the islands) and his wife first went to Fiji. In all there were at that time fourteen missionaries and their wives labouring in the Fijian islands, only two of whom—Mr. Wats- ford and his wife—survive. The first work which a missionary has to master on going among an uncivilised people is to acquire their language. In the speaker's opinion, there is no difficulty in the way of an earnest young man doing this ; six or seven months' residence among the natives being sufficient time for him to acquire a command over the language to enable him to speak to the people about the things of God. Missionaries were sometimes asked the query: Why not teach the natives English? But he pointed out that it was far more easy for the missionaries to learn the language of the natives than for the latter to master even a little of the English tongue. A missionary must be Jack of all trades, even though he be master of none preacher, doctor, carpenter, teacher, &c.; The most difficult thing he ever tried to accomplish was to make shoes for his little boy, whose only pair had come to grief. Every missionary had to do a good deal in the doctoring line; but this branch of his work was not attended with any great risk to the patients, as the most simple medicines, such as salts and senna, wero among the best to give the savages. It would be hard to tell how many of the Fijians, in the early days of the missions, became nomi- nally Christians in connection with the doctor- ing part of the missionaries' work. The natives of Fiji, before being influenced by Christianity, were among the most cruel and ferocious people ever heard of; and some of their customs, as related by the speaker, were gruesome enough in all conscience. But the Gospel had worked a complete change in the islands. To-day not one Fijian profess- ing heathenism was to be found in the whole group. All had become, nominally at any rate, professors of the Christian religion; and thou- sands were walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost. The circum- stances which led up to the conversion of some of the chiefs were described with much feeling; and the account given of the opening of one of the first places of worship was full of interest. The speaker then briefly referred to a visit which he made to the islands about seven years ago, and concluded his address by an earnest appeal on behalf of missionary effort. Mr. J. F. HORSLEY proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Watsford, and it was seconded by the Rev. Mr. Holmes, and cordially accorded. In the evening Mr. Watsford preached to a fairly large congregation. 