THE NOVELIST. . THE OUTLAW. Bt G. P. E. JAMES. I CHAPTER XXIV. (ookthtijed.) i" I trust there is no danger of a com pound fracture of the arm,"- quoth Ins Majesty, " though the malicious charger pressed him cloBcly to tho wall. Ray mond is a good lad, a vory noblo lad ; but I could have managed the horse if he had lot it alone, notwithstanding that the girth broke." Basil Sydnoy, for somo purpose best known to himself, had spont mora than two hotirs at Daniel Brown's, and was leaving the yard by his usual passage, when tho tall and stalwart forin of Alice offered a substantial bar to his progress. "I want to speak to you, Captain Sydnoy," she said, " only a little minuto. Tho people here think, becauso I'm Irish, I've neither ears, dyes, nor sonses- God help them, they know htfclo ! but I forgive 'em tho ill compliment on account of tho knowledge it givos me into things going on, which, though somo of them are no concern of mine, are pleasant to know about." " True, true, Alice. But what want ye with me ? The night grows late, and I would fain bo at homo. ; " Ay, you are part of tho king's body guard i — they may well say body-guard —guards with a body, but no soul for tho cause — and that's little mattor now, I'm thinking; : but what brings you hero? after Rachel, Mistress Rachel Brown ? — or maybe it's a hiding-cloak you're making of tho poor innocont printer of a girl, to cover other inten tions. Well, you soo, sir, I followed Mistress Rosalind here, with all tho willingness in life of tending hor in tho prison, as I have tended hor, egg and bird, those 19. years. But it's a quare placo altogether she's in now j they won't lot me into it i and my next duty is to tond Major Raymond, who I have just heard is hurt, striving to savo tho king from injury — God for evor bless him for it 1— and I'm thinking that maybe he has nono of -his own people, none that can Bpeak his own language — tho'language of the heart, I mean- to him ; nor no bandy, careful, ould body about him to make him comfort able j so I thought I'd' like to nurse him —and it's I that ought — for it's kind they were to me and mine in the poor counthry that I shall never : soe again. God forgive us our sins ! and tho sjns of .our grandfathers and grandmothers that's to be put upon us, though wo!d no hand in 'om. Sure it's glnd I am I've no grandchildren, for I'd break my heart striving to pray the sinB away for their sakes." " Have you sinned so heavily then ?" inquired Basil, half smiling at the oddity and quaintness of her expres sions. " Suro, then, I've had my share of tho sin, like other women, sir ; and now that she is gone from me, it's little consola tion I have in this mad town, barring the trifle of prayers to keep my hand in, and the lock of her hair that I talk ;to;by day and' by night, 'as; if it was! herself was in it," " The lock of whose hair ?" inquired Basil; eagerly. " Of Mistress Rosalind's, to bo suro," replied Alice, with well-feigned sim plicity. " Alice," pursued Basil. " I will give yott four gold nobles for that tress "Not if you gave eight gold angels, would I sell a hair of .her head," replied Alice ; " sell hor hair ! No, no 1',' " Then give it to me." " Give it you, sir ! — And what should t do for myself ?" " Share it with me, then, good Alice ; share it with me; and I will give you " "What?" " Anything you require. Oh, Alice! I would value it as my dearest trea sure." " And for what P" cried Alice, slowly withdrawing from her bosom ' a , small packet, tied carefully with green ribbon — " for what should I give apnrt of ber hair to you ? though you are of her kin, yet do you grudge her the very name sho bears. You think bIio lives .upon the charity of your house." " I never thought it— I never said it — I never imagined it." - " Your mother did." " My mother and I are not one." "You say tho truth, it's tho truth you say, sure enough the woman with the heart of " "Give me the hair," interrupted Basil, fearing with reason tbat Alice was nbout to say something that would jar upon his feolings as a son. " Givo mo tho hair." " There it is— bright and beautiful. Oh ! woll do I mind the evening I cut it with my own two hands from hor head, on which tho moon-beams of a May night were dancing : — sure thore's a spoil in every hair of it, to drivo away tho evil that's born of sin, and. so keep the heart's trouble from off ono ! A blessing on you, a-lauuah ! — though its little comfort tho ould nurso will havo of you any more in this sad world, for thoro's great fortuno iu store for you ; hot that you'll forgot tho poor, or tho ould, or the weary, or tho worn." " Alice," repeated Basil, as the sunny hair, shone in the cold moon-beams, " for Hoaven's sake give me but half of tliat beautiful tress, nnd anything you re quire of mo, that a man in honor can perforin, will I, to show my gratitude." " Is it in enrnost you are ?" said tho Bibyl, holding the braid, towards him, and repeating in a' slow solemn tone, "Is it in earnest you are ? Know you not That Sydnoy'a blood Shall bo Sydnoy's ban The words she uttorod chilled tho warm heart of Basil but Rosalind; as ho rescued hor from the waters of Beauliou— Rosalind kneeling at tho king's feet, and. pleading his fathor's cause with all the fervor and oloquonco of her generous nature — Rosalind! the beautiful Rosalind 1 a voluntary oxile from all social and domestic enjoyment; the inhabitant of a prison, rendering that prison in his estimation fit palaco for tho proudest monarch — Rosalind, in tho full bounty and holy purity of her character, roso to his imagination, and tho rude rhyme was forgo tton. In tho interval, rapid, yet of some duration, while- .thoso thoughts passed through his mind, Alico held tho tress as at first; and having unlioodod tho prophecj, Basil held forth lus hand for lus share of the desired prize. " Not yet," said Alico, " not yet. You said, that ' anything a man of honor could perform,' you would, to havo for your own what here I hold. Well, then, . promise.- — -Augh, my sorrow 1 What can a heretic promise by that he holds holy ? Ho has no Virgin, no saints, no anything I" " Alice," interrupted Basil, solemnly, " he has his God in heavon his honor on earth !" "Ah, ah! — his God! It's little he thinks of Ilim, except when it answers Ins turn. And ns to Ins honor — you know your body is with one king, your heart with tho othor j which, young gentleman, does your honor servo?" There was a bitterness about Alice's tono and manner, and an insolonco in hor gesturos, that made Basil draw his cloak closely around lum, and take a fow stops towards tho postorn ; but the woman Know hor powor, and made a fomt ns it to fold up the braid. Basil as suddenly stopped, and said angrily — " Namo your condition." " That, under every circumstance, you will bo Rosalind Sydnoy's true friond in heart and deed ; and that if anything you hoar or soe staggers your bollof in hor goodness, or " — sho paused for somo moments — " or in anything olso, you will speak to me about it be fore you mako.up your mind."- Basil hesitated, not from unwilling ness to ; submit to any conditions that would givo hhn tho prizo so dearly de sired, but from astonishment at tho singularity of the request. "Ocli, and it's I that am thankful you tliink tho condition too hard en tirely; for my heart rejoices to' keep all this beautiful lock." " I do promise what you desire, so bear me Heaven ! " said Basil, solemnly, and lifting his bat ns ho spoko. Without another word Alico divided the hair, and placod h portion iu his hand; lie pressed it eagerly and fer vently to his lips, and would again havo givon her gold; but she scornfully re jected it. " God bless you, Alice!" he exclaimed, passing, or rather attempting to pass, through tho gnto we havo before de scribed. ' : " Aay, youfig master, nay ; now yonr turn's served, you don't think o' mine. Will you get mo to tond Major Ray mond?"' " ' ' "I promise you" anything— every thing." " The moon and stars, I.go bail if I asked for them," she replied sneeringly. " But how am I to know ? — and where can I go ?" He gave her.n, brief direction, and proceeded through the-gate. - "I wonder will he think of it at all, at all,'' soliloquised Alice ; " but lie will, for ho's young in love — and tho young in that way are mighty true-hearted for .a. while. ' Itb quaro now, so it is, that these two should each have a token of. tho other, nnd yot tho othor tho never tho wiser, for sure, though I didn't let on to hor, didn't I seo her put the little coin into her bosom that he flung on the highway — and what was that but as a token ? And sure ho has her hair ! God holp them and bless tliem, and for give me ! for there's many a turn between them, and , good-.fortuno yot, I'm think ing. 'Tis a: wild, strange place this town ; thoso who live next door to each other look cold and dark ns bitter strangers. 0 Ireland, Ireland ! wouldn't 1 be thankful to tho Almighty if I was ever worthy to get back to your green fields and clear waters !" Nurse Murrough stood for a few moments with clasped hands, looking up to the sky, as if expecting, or hoping, with her usual superstitious feelings, that some sign would pass athwart the heavens to tell her of her destiny ; all, however,, remained as before, except, that light fleecy clouds oareeted along the limited portion within her gaze. Sho at last folded her arms in her usual manner, and walked, muttering as sho went, down the little court, at the termination of which were two passages, one conducting to the servant's kitchen, tho other, nfter sundry windings, to a staircaso leading to tho printing-oflice and its connecting apartments. Alice intended to go to the formor, but she lost herself in tho mazes of tho latter. ; and at tho instant when bIio groped hor way within the embrasure of tho wall, two female figures, mufllod in sorvant'b clonks and hoods, enmo from tho entry. She would havo inquired her way back, but sho dreaded being made an object of ridiculo by tbo sorvants, who would, bIio know, bo glad of an opportunity to laugli at Irish blunders ; so she held hor ponco. As they passed, she recognised Mistress Rachel and a young servitig- wonch, who appoarod docp in hor mis tress's secrets. 7 "It was so unlucky lie. should -bo gono !" said the girl ; for he tells true as Bibio." ' " So I have heard." ' ' ' " Ay, that ho does. Ho told Madam Gaylord sho should have two bus-, bands." V - " And has sho ?" " Lniik ! no, Mistress Radiol, but sko. will have though, tb a certainty,. for hoi' good man's inbrtal bad with the rheu- mntis." "Thoy do say though, Binuy, that tho astrologor favors tho grandees a groat deal more; ho gave tho Lord Mayor's sister tlireo husbands in as many years I" . " Ah; madam, somo have great luck I though I'd bo content with one truo heart at any time." " I hope my fathor's in bed," quoth Rachel, groping her way ; for he would novor forgive mo if ho thought I had boeii to an astrologer ; and that puppy Joseph, too, if he know of it — what would he say ? Ah, me ! ho would keep mo under his thumb for a year to como at least." ," He's a wondorful man that can raise ghosts and spirits at a word, and tell all tlmt must happen to us for 100 years, if wo live so long ; and sure I am that he meant no evil, but much good, . in sending lotlors to tho strange wild man that comes to and fro about print- ing and so forth." " Hush, hush !" exclaimed tho printer's daughter, alarmed at the danger of re, vonling secrets of hor fathor's trade. " Woll !" exclaimed the maiden, " there's nobody by to hear us. And it was I, and not you, Mistress Rachel, that carried tho word backwards and forwards; bu> I know it was all about tho stars, and surely there was no treason in them." " Hush ! again said the maiden. " You know not who this nstrologer may be. ' Ho may be an impostor— they may be all impostors." ' "All! tho astrologor of Choapside is different from every othor in the wide world; and sinco he has gone away, I dare say ho's been spirited off by some- Some what, or some whom Alice never heard ; for tho maidens," disap pointed of their fortune-telling, arrived at the door they soueht. Towards the same destination Alico bent her way ;. ore sho could arrive at it, sho was glad 1o take refuge in the rear of another buttress ; for a figure, closely muffled in a dark cloak, and bearing a lantern, which ho carried so as to cost the light distinctly on tho ground, approached slowly, and with a step so noiseless that tho superstitious dread of Alice got the bettor of ber judgment, and she uttered au exclamation that did not eBcape the ear of tho watchful and mysterious per son' whose movements sho so anxiously regarded; cautiously he paused — listened —while sho hold in her breath, fearful lest the slightest noise should lead to , hor discovery ; then he again moved for wards, again paused, trimmed his light, and .it did not escape her observation ' that his fingei'B were thin and worn ; and that lio looked anxious even to the expression of pain, as he touched a Btnall dagger that glittered at his Bide. ; Then. . he lifted up the lantern, gradually and with a noiseless motion turning it round .breast-high ; still no object to account for the exclamation he had heard en countered his vigilant eye; he raised his light still higher, and Alice uttered a cry of astonishment, which sprang along the covered way swiftly and sharply as ah archer's arrow 1 It was the Outlaw ! ; /; (To lo Continued .) . . 