Potteriogs. The petty larceny of which so many large and wealthy newspapers have practised for years past is at last to be punished, if not stopped. Mr. Jauies ■ T£nQwle~s,Vthe^editor of the Nineteenth Century, lias re\<?,^WcL\lajk>^Ogi(^s from some two dozen; leading "English xxeWsjjiap^rs -which were in the habit of publishing, withobt.permission, articles from that magaeditor J of the Review of Reviews, had the impudence ^tOy'oontend that -lie had the right to 'publish-volv^uSi&ous; extracts from important articles Udder, the'^retence that he was criticising them, and that-the "circulation thus given was of positive benefit to the higher priced magazine. Mr. Knowles replied in terms which would bring the glow of shame to the cheek of any delincxuent not rendered impervious to the emotion of repentance by the habitual practice of cant. The successful action of the Times newspaper in establishing its copy right to specially written articles, will, it is to be hoped, beneficially affect Australian journalists and authors whose articles have been rejected in favour of the inexpensive cutting from an English journal. The difference of meaning between words spoken and the same words written is so.great that waxy public men take great care when interviewed by a shorthand writer to use phrases which do nothood a modifying inflection of voice, a smile or a wink. When the interviewer in not a shorthand writer it is not necessary to be so cautious, for the interviewed can then always claim that he was misreportod. M. Blowitz, the Times Paris correspondent, owes much of his success as an interviewer to the fact that he never makes a note in the presence of his "subject." Sometimes a purely jocular expression is wilfully perverted into a serious statement for party purposes, an unfair proceeding of which a defunct Melbourne newspaper was guilty when attacking Mr. Spoight. Mr. George Musgrove, the theatrical manager, a few weeks ago, roused the indignation of Mrs. Stuart, known professionally as Miss Billio Barlow, and the majority of the' English actors in Australia, by allowing an interviewer to report him as asserting that ho found "as an invariable rule, the soonery something awful and the costumes rags," at the pantomimes produced in English, provincial towns. The many people in Australia who recollect the pantomimes at Liverpool, Manchestex*, Birmingham, Newcastle, Glasgow and Edinburgh know that Mr. Mxiagx-ove's assortion could not be taken literally, but othors not accustomed to Mr. Musgrove's stylo of speaking and ignorant of the circumstanoes do bolievo it, hence the harm done. The cold water cure has reached its final evolution, and if the " cure" becomes popular Greenland s icy mountains will be the future health resort of mici-obe stricken Europeans. The hydi'opathists commenced with wot packs, then an advanced section followed the method of the German pastor who sets his patients to walk about in the rain, besides drinking unlimited quantities. Now a still more advanced section rocoramend that any one suffering from what are popularly termed microbe diseases should be placed in a freezing ohambex until the germs die from cold. The only drawback to the " ouro"is that patients are apt to die a little sooner than the microbes. Recognising this fact, the frost cure propagandists reoommoncl tlioir patients to take up their residence for a month or two on a mountain jxxst above the lino of perpetual snow. Some American speculators have already purchased an abandoned meteorological station in Colorado and have turned the building into an hotel, 'The mountnin is 14,300 foet above sea levol, and the speculators are so much in ournost that they havo during tho past fow months built a raihvuy to tlxo summit. In a new country like Viatoria one would have thought that hauntod houses would be an impossibility. There xs scarcely a building in tho oountry more than GO yeai's old, and for a ghost to settle in a house almost beforo tho plaster is dry, is an idea so prosaio that oven tho ingenious compiler of Stead's true ghost stories would -refuse to accept such a statement as conclusive proof of the fact. If persons only imagined they heard a ghost they would locate the sound in a more romantic placo. Yet there are sundry peoplo in Molbourne ready to aver that tho late Dr. George Beaney has taken to revisiting the rooms ho built for himself some five years ago in Collins-street. So long as Cromwell House was empty tho ghost stole about unnoticed, but now that Dr. O'Haru has put up his brass plate on tho door lintol, and his surgical instruments in the consulting room, tho ghost of the diamond doctor is averred to porvade tho rooms. Just about midnight tho gasullar is hoard to shake, as if somoouo wore getting out of bod, then the bathtap sounds as if it woro running, though when tho door ia opened tho tap is found turned off and the . bath dry. Tho mental improssion of "aprosonoe" is folt by tho believors in tho unsoon on going into tho late dootor s study, and altogether until tho cook crows thero is tho vmoanny sensation that the dootor is thero, immuteriulisod, perhaps drinking iinmatorlalisod champagne, taking imiuatorialisod guineas from ghostly patients, and altogether taking advaritugo of iinmatorialisntion to umuso servantmaids and onjoy himself in his old way. 