? ZILLAH: A ROMANCE. CHAPTER VL—^Concluded.) . BT JOSEPH HOCKING, Author of "Elrad the Hie,*' "Jabez Easterbrook," &o.; This was all he had time to notice, except come curious-looking boxes and a roll of paper that was lying on the table, before Uncle William spoke. "Mr. Bolair," he said, "you are not going to disappoint us again?" "I think not, I hope not!" replied the man. " That's the medium the girls spoke about yesterday, I suppose,"said Jack, and helooked curiously at him. He saw a young man, apparently about his own age, perhaps he might be older by Eeveral years, or he might be younger, for it was a face that gave no certain indication of age. He was tall and well built, and evidently possessed a fair amounfe of physical strength, although Jack detected a clumsy, undecided movement of tbe limbs. His face was from one standpoint decidedly good looking, from another it was decidedly bad. The features were fairly regular, tbe month was well cut, the skin was clear, and yet Jack distrusted him from the first moment. "Mr. Bolair, yours is a nice euphonious, almost an aristocratic, name," said Jack to himself; "but 1 don't like you. Your eyes are bad. There's the vacant medium's look there, but there's something else. There's low cunning, there's meanness, there's cruelty there, and selfishness comes out at every pore. You will not look at me straight either; you glance at me furtively, as though you were trying to make oct what sort of a fellow I am. At any rate, I've not seen much in Spiritualism to recommend it yet." Uncle William spoke again. " I am exceedingly anxious, Mr. Bolair," he said, " tbat our manifestations to-night should be clear and unmistakable. I trust we shall get spirits of the highest order, and messages that shall clear the mind and exalt the soul. Are you certain that the soul of which you have spoken so much will come ?" "I am as sure as I can be. We shall have to go on as usual for an hour, and then by the time the influence is strong, we shall be prepared for the fuller stronger power. You will not be disappointed to-night, Mr. LindelL Kven you will be surprised at what you it ill see." " I hope so. I have brought my nephew, who is very doubtful. Mr. Bolair, if the manifestations are clear to-night, he will be converted, and he will be a wonderful acquisition to our cause." Mr. Bolair looked doubtful. Jack gave no evidence of becoming an easy convert; indeed, at tbe time Uncle William was speaking he was looking suspiciously around the room. " We are all ready to commence now," said the medium. "Shall I call the rest of the party in V' " Do so at once," said the little man, at the same time leaving the room. Thus our hero was left a minute all alone, So far everything seemed honest enough. He looked under and around the table, but saw nothing suspicious. The musical boxes on the table were perfectly innocent looking, as was aho another little instrument made somewhat on the principle of a harp. Jack tested it, and as far as he could Eee, it could be played by no other means than by touching the strings that were placed along the little frame. OIL the wooden part of it he saw a piece of white material cut in the shape of a star, and he also noticed that it was capable of absorbing light. " What dodge is there in that, I wonder?" he uiused, " and what in the world do they w ant w :th the musical boxes ? Perhaps the ppirits know I'm fond of music. Anyhow, there's not much visible machinery here. The roll of paper is not capable of doing much, 1 expect: and as for the rest, it's as plain as ABC." He bad scarcely finished inspecting the room when the party entered and took their seats. He looked around the room, and tried to examine their faces, but this he found a difficulty in doing, for all tbe lights were turned out excepting one little candle that was p aeed in tbe middle of the room. In the light it pave the people looked rather dim, but he saw cothing especially striking in any one, withthe 4 xception of a middle-aged lady whose fore- Lead, nose, and chin formed a splendid half diamond, I mean in <he shape, of course, for ihere was nothing brilliant about her face. To Jack's dismay he was told to sit next her; the lady herself looked delighted, so our hero quietly tcok his place. "John, how are you, John!" said Uncle William. " Very comfortable, thank you." " You've forgotten the slates, Mr. Bolair." " Ab T yes, clean forgotten." The medium left tbe room, and brought back two articles about the size of ordinary school elates. At one side bf them a handle was plf something like the handle of a meat cover. Oil the other side, which was perfectly flai, some light absorbing material had been placed. The flat side was laid on the table, and when this had been done, each one settled for tbe seance. The candle which had been placed on the table was now blown out, and the room was left in perfect darkness. " Hem, hem !" said the lady next to Jack; "will you oh ! will you let me take hold of your little finger with my little finger ? he ! he! he!" Jack did as he was desired, and also joined himself in the same way to the man. who sat next on the other side. "I don't like thiB over well," thought Jack; " it's so jolly dark tbat nothing can be seen of that medium or any of his tricks. Still, I've got four senses that I can use." For about a minute they sat in perfect silence. There was no knocking, no manifestations. Are we all sitting right said Uncle William. Each one answered in tuia around the circle. All hands were joined, the links were perfect. Still nothing. " I am afraid I am a bad influence here,'' thought Jack, "especially if doubt kills ghosts." " Let us sing" said the medium. He accordingly began, in a low but somewhat musical voice, one of the Spiritualists' songs. J ack could not remember much s bout ifc, except the last two lines of one of the rerses, which ran something like this:— " Spiriti st thou by my side, In th& vacant chair sit down." Jack began to feel that there was something uncanny about tbe matter. After all the thought of a ghost coming to sit by one's side is, to say the least, anything but co nforting. When they had sung two verses mfsic began to come from the middle of the table. Evidently the spirit knew the tune and played it on the little instrument which I have likened to a harp. They stopped. " Are you there," asked the medium. A horrid chuckle came from somewhere, and then a choking voice said— " I'm here. " Let's see you," said some one. " My word," thought Jack, " this is strong." Ro sooner had tbe thought flashed through his mind than he saw the slate move from the table. Its light appeared very great in the intense darkness, and thus revealed anything near it. It came close to him, and he felt that a light was shed on his face. He looked steadily, then be saw a face very pale and deathly. It was bearded, and not unlike tbe poet who has written in such sorrowing yet eloquent strains about a friend "who left him. The features remained distinct for about twenty seconds, as did the shoulders, which were dressed in a shroud, then the slate was laid on the table. A whisper went around. " It is James Kent," they said. " Who's James Kent?" asked Jack. "The head of the spirit circle," was the reply. No sooner had this answer been given than 1 he musical-box was wound up and played some tunes. " That's not up to much," said Jack; " it's very poor music, and out of tune. I think the spirits might give us something better than ' Dare to be a Daniel,' and ' Only an Armour- Bearer.' At any rate, they must be friends of Moody and Sankey." Again the music stopped, and he heard a .-queaking, piteous voice, seemingly coming from under the table. "He's put somethin' in my eye," slid a plaintive, ohildish voice. " Who has ?" asked some one in the circle. " Uncle," was the reply. " I hain't hurt her," replied a voice, which evidently came from a mouth tbat was deficient of a proper roof, "and I shall do just what I like." " Who are these?" asked the young man. One is Laura, the other is uncle." " Evidently they know the spirits well,' thought Jack. "This is first rate; tbey are meeting old friends." "But uncle doesn't speak plain," he said, aloud. " No," said the medium. " He, when alive, lost his ." " Be careful what you say about me," said tbe voice. Jade was silent. The afair was besoming tame; Btill he listened attentively, aid watched. Figure after fieuro took the slates and re vealed its face, while voices were heard all over room. But they said nothing but foolishneaj There was Fcarcely any sense or meaning in anything that was uttered. It is true that one v^ice epeke of somebody that had a swollen to it, aud said that somebody else wouldn't get be to r ur.hss they tried Beecham's Pills. " .Veil, thought Jack, "I can't understand it. And if it's trickery, it's wonderfully done» but I don't wonder that the whole thing is discarded by sensible people. This must be an awfully poor medium if he can't getabetter class of spirits than theee." At that moment the lady next to him gave an awful leap. She had been giving various jerks for a long time, but now she almost pulled way ber hands from his, and gave a shrill c-iy. *• Anything the matter, ma'm ?" asked Jack. "She's developing," said the medium. "Developing, ehsaid Jack; "developing what?" " Developing into a medium," was the reply. "Yes," said a voice in the ceiling. "An uncongealed force is coming from her, and she's getting to be a medium." "I'm glad it's uncongealed," muttered the young man, while the party tittered. " I am tired of this, though," he thought, " and I'll leave them. =It may be Spiritualism, but it is a piece of tomfoolery so far." He was about to break the circle as far as he was concerned, when Uncle William gave a cry. " A great influence is coming near," he cried. " I feel it! Ah, the lower spirits are going; let every one remain quiet. Come in ! Come in 1" A new influence pervaded the place; even Jack fe'.t it. Every nerve in his body became sensitized. He -saw no one enter, but he felt that Bome one had come who had altered the whole tone of the citole. "The great soul has come," said the medium. Sti'l Jack listened and watched wonderinglv. 