THS GHOSr HUNT. [By Ghace Schutler 1 They were four cousins— Jim and Bessie Dodd, Dudley and Ada Day. The boys were about sixteen years old; their sisters were a year or two younger. They had come from their homes in the country to stay with their Grandmother Dodd and to attend school ia the city. The evening was a warm one in late Sep tember. The windows were open wide to cool the~room where, grouped upon a tiger-skin ruse before an open fire, these four young people, armed with long sharp- pointed sticks, sat in the dim firelight roastiner marshmalloora over the coals and telling ghost stone3. Outside tbe autumnal wind, not cold bub noisy, was soughing drearily through the leaves ; nature seemed in sympathy with the pleasantly gloomy feelings of the marahmallo w xoasters. Jim was concluding his tale in a whisper of harrowing quality. 'Then, giving one awful shriek, she swooned. Sir Harold heard and rushed in. Too clearly, across that face, white as the pillow it rested upon, could be seen the bora ing red marks of the Spectral Friar's icy hand. Poor Alice never came out of the swoon — she was dead I' ' O Jim, tow ghastly !' exclaimed Ada. ' I know I shan't sleep a wink to-nighti, after hearing all these dtdiciously. dreadful stories. But the candy is all eaten, the fire is going out, and it is 10 o'clock. lam afraid we shall hare to go to bed, for there is nothing else to do.' 'Here is the letter grandmother left for the boys to mail when she went to bed. Let's all take it around to the lamppost oa Nornian streetj' said Bess. ' No, no.!' said Ada ; 'that would take us by the haunted house on Saxon- street, and I shouldn't dare to go near it to-nighc — after Jim's awful stories.' 'You girls are all alike,' chuckled Jim, much pleased with the effects of his eloquence. .' You're so easily worked up into scares? Now Dud and I wouldn't mind going into the house if we could get in.' ' Hurrah, the very thing !' exclaimed Dudley, excitedly. 'Here is a glorious wind-up to our evening. We can get in ! I stopped there last week to get some autumn leaves for grandmother off that vine on the porch, and I found that my latchkey fitted that door. I thought then that we would explore the house some day, but it will be ever so muea jollier to do the thing by night.' ' Come on, girls— don't be geese. We dare you to it 1' 'Of course we dare go if you do,' responded Bess. ' And oh, Ada, it will be such fun to tell the girls at school to-morrow ! They've been telling us such absurd stories about that house. The last people who lived there com plained of a woman in yellow, who roamed about, opened and shut doors noiselessly, and sat by their beds at night.' ' Why,' said Ada, ' the house has got such a bad reputation that the owners cau't rent ic in spite of the beautiful grounds about it' 'Rats and wind!' exclaimed Jim, con temptuously ; ' only idiots would believe such stuff.' 'Bafc you know,' put in Ada, timidly, 'something awful did happen there once — that poor j oung lady who went crazy over a love affair ; they kept her in that wing room with the barred window, and she died there and — ' 'Oh, yes, I've heard all about that, and how she is fcupposed to wander about there now. rattling the chains they used to bind her with I' replied Dudley, scoffingly. ' We will ask her politely if we can't relieve her of her load if we happen upon her in one of the corri dors. What a lark* ! ' 'Hurry up girls ! Will you go ? dare you ?' ' It i6 a dare, Ada. We really- must go,' said Bess bo determinedly that Ada put on her hat and cloak at once. Very quietly, in order not to waken old Mrs. Dodd, all four stole out into the street, where the sky now lowered inky black above them. 'We must not strike a light or make a sound while we are about this work,' said ? Dudley solemnly. 'If passers-by should see or hear anything it would only add to the bad name of the place, and we might get into trouble with the owners.' 'Stop giggling, girls ! If you are going to get silly and nervous, you can jusb go back. -Jim and I really want to look into the thing, and discover what is at the bottom of these queer reports.' Bess and Ada promptly assumed a more -severe demeanor, and indeed felt little inclina tion to laugh when they passed through the gateway of the gloomy-looking grounds. No one was in sight. The long path wound in and out of thick clumps of fir and pine, and they followed it up to the porch. 'Isn't there a light in that corner room?' whispered Ada. ' Goose ! It's a reflection from the street lamp,' replied her brother, quenchingly. .'Shall we give the bell a pull? Maybe the maiden in chains will clank along and let us in!' . Jim jerked at the old bell as he spoke. The knob came off in his hand, and sent him stag gering back against the pillars of the porch, while the sound of the bell went clanging through the rooms within. 'Here goes the key; walk in, ladies!' .Dudley threw open the door. 'Now, remem ber, no talking. Oh, but it's dark. Hark ! what's that !' A creaking sound on the dark stairs made them all start and look up. There was nothing but black darkness. Ada grasped Bessie's arm, 'I -can't goon, Dudley,' she whispered; 'I am frightfully scared. Come out on the porch with me, Bess.' As tbe girls darted outside, a blast of wind swept down the stairs, and with a bang the door was closed upon them. Bess tried to ! open it again, but could not. She thought the boys had locked it to tease them, and they sat down until the boys should let them in. They sat side by side, whispering oeea sionally, clutching each other nervously at every unusual sound. By-and-bye Bess, rising | reeolutvly, thumped on the door and rattled : the knob. [ No response came, though strange and stifled sounds were heard within. ** Bessie,' said Ada, in a trembling voice, after they had waited a few moments, 'our boys would never leave us alone ia this way j if they could help it. There are more noises in there than they are making. Something must have happened to them, aud we must; do something just as fast as we can.' 'listen!'' said Bess, 'I think that istb.e night policeman down on Hun-avenue. Come. W© must run and stop him, and get him to eorce back Kith us and break in this dreadful' door.' Occe mere they listened at the keyhole. A clanking sound from within made their blood run cold, and they fled down the path to the Street, and around the corner to Hun-avenue. \ There, only a block distant, they could see a big policeman standing under an elecric light, and they hastened toward him. ? Meantime, strange proceedings had been taking place within the old house. When the girls fled out upon the porch, and the draft) from above had shut the door, Jim, springing back, had found it fastened by a soring-catch. 'There !' he exclaimed, in a whisper, 'the girls have locked themselves out. All righb, let them stay there ! We must go on and ex plore for five minutes, or they will think oar courage failed us. What's that ? Listea !' The stairs were creaking again, and the old balusters rattled, while a sound of sobs and stifled wailing seemed to fall upon their ears. A feeling of horror came over both boys. 'Come on ; we'd better be getting out of this,' muttered Jim as, seizing Dudley's arm, he started, as he thought), towards the front door again. But he mistook the way ; and stumbling through an open door, both boys hur ried to wardafaint glimmer from an electric light on the street, only to find their hands grasping the iron bars of a window. 'For goodness sake, Jim !' gasped Dadley, ' we have lost our way. We are in that wing room— the prison.' They turned in a panic to leave the unplea sant spot. They found the door ; but it had been noiselessly closed upon them — ei03ed and locked ! They were prisoners ; and prisoners of whom — of what ? ' They pounded and kicked, but the solid oak door was unyielding. It had been made to withstand even more frenzied attacks than theirs. ' Could the girls have done it?' ' Never ! They would not have dared ; and anyway, the front door was locked.' ' Hark ! I thought I heard something !' Dudley whispered. There was perfect silence at firsb, and then, out in the corridor, a clanking sound was heard, far away at first bub drawing nearer ; and then the rattle of a chain just outside the door. Then silence again. Jim felt Dudley reel, and throwing out his arm3, caught him in time to prevent his falling to the floor. 'Dudley, old fellow!' he urged,'f eeling bis own courage coming back with the effort to rouse his fainting cousin, ' this is sheer non sense ! You don't believe in ghosts. We are caught in a trap certainly, but nob by ghosts. Don't be a 'fraidcat, Dud— stand up. We'll get out of this ail right enough, and whatever happens, we\e got to act like men.' ' But, Jim, that clanking chain ; thafi door getting locked without a sound of footsteps ; that crying and groaning? Nothing human would acb like that.' 'Tramps probably,' said Jim. 'IVe got two matches in my packet, and we will ju3t see what there is in this dungeon, anyway. ' The matches flared for a minute. 'Nothing for a weapon,' said Dudley, gloomily; 'nob even a chair or a broomstick 1 These bars are eo close together that we can't reach through and smash the glass. If we could, some one might hear our cries for help. But no one can hear us away down on the street. We shall be murdered !' 'Now, Dud ! don't be so chicken-hearted ! It's hard lines, but if we'll only wait, those girls will bring somebody.' The girls were bringing somebody. They had with some difficulty persuaded the big policeman to go off his beat and see what had become of their brothers, ' It's a black and crazy place, Pm thinkm' !' exclaimed the policeman, as they went up the thickly-shaded path. 'What lver made the boys go in there, anyhow?' 'Why, don't you know?'5 said Ada, 'Haven't you heard that the house is haunted ? The boys wanted to discover what the ghosts were, and so — Why, what's the matter ? Where are you going ?' Ada fairly screamed the question, for the policeman had stopped and was turning back. ' No, thin, ' he said. ' I'll not be goin' oa. I'll not sthir a stip into the house. j?is bad luck to have any d'alin's wid ghosts ; and any how, 'tis off me bate, an' I'm goin' back to me juty. What good wad me pistols and cluta do against ghosts ? Lave go me coat, I say ! I'm too big for the likes of you to drag me aginst me will !' That a policeman could be afraid of anything had never entered the head of either girl till this agonising moment. Bub now, as they looked up and saw by the dim light above them the look of superstitious terror upon the man's face, they instinctively tightened their grasp upon the biass-buttoned coat, for they knew that flight was ia his mind and that he must be held. Just then a chorus of cries fell upon their eais from the haunted house. The voices were plainly those of women or girls. ' Police ! Thieves ! Help ! Police ! Police !' ** Them's no ghoats!' exclaimed the poliee n-an in a tone of relief. He bounded forward, club in hand. 'What's up?': he shouted. 'Here's the police.' The door was flung open. A curious and un expected sight met their eyes. There, in the wide hall, in the light of a lamp which rested on the stairs, stood three young girls, armed with a poker, a broom, and a pair of tongs, clinging to each other, and evidently in a state of great excitement. ' Oh, I am so glad to see you!' exclaimed the tallest, a girl of 16, as she darted toward the policeman. 'There are robbers in the houEe— lots of them! The house is full of them !' ' I knew it, I knew it ; and they've killed my brother. O Dud, Dud, Dudley !' wailed Ada. The stranger girls, paying no attention to her, went on, ' And we have caught four of them. They are there in this side room, inside that door.' The door was fastened on the outside by a heavy bolt. Just before it lay a big New foundland dog. Around his neck was a collar, and attached to that a heavy dog chain. His nose was on the threshold, and his eyes glared watchfully. 'But our brothers — what have they doae with our brothers ?' cried Ada and Bess. ' Let there bs tin or a dozen of 'em,' said the policeman, 'I'll be a match for 'em !' Pushing back the bolb he flashed the light from his ' bull's eye' into the room. The five girls, peering timidly in, saw two figures over by the window, standing in much the attitude of the two princes in the Tower ia the famous picture. ' Coom out of there, will ye ? I arrisb ye in the came of the law !' shouted the officer. 'Dudley! [Jim! The thieves! Oh, how funny ! Oh, you darling boys !' ' Why, they are boys, and only two ! I saw ?-four come in ! Why, how dreadfully funny !' exclaimed the strange girL 'It must be some kind of a joke !' ? 'Who locked us in — you?' asked Jim, addressing the tallest girL 'How did you get here ? What are you doing here ?' 'Why, *we are only just living here,' she said. ' We just came to-day, and everything is all upside-down and unsettled. Papa had to go down to the station to meet mamma, and the train must have been late, for they ex pected to b8 home by ten, and now it is nearly eleven. I thought it was papa when you rang that bell go loud, and I was just going to tear downstairs to let him in, when the door opened and I saw four figures stealing in so quietly, and knew you were burglars.' 'On!' exclaimed Jim, Dudley, Bess and Ada altogether. 'Then Mamie and Fan came out, 'too, and joined me on the stairs, and poor little Johnny, he is only three— there he is, all wrapped up in the blanket, on the stairs — he woke up and began to cry. I almost smothered him for fear you would hear and dash up at us. 'Then I heard you stumbling into the wing room — all four of you I thought — and I plucked up courage and tore after you— you see these worsted slippers don't make a sound — and oh, the relief when I found that the bolt worked all right, and that they were locked in ! ' Then I remembered that Carlo was chained : out in the woodbquse, and I led him in and whispered to him to watch. I flew back to the children and made them go back and dress, for I thought if papa didn't come soon we would make a dash for the street and call for help. 'As I was listening at the door I fancied I heard voices outside, so we all shrieked and then you rushed in ?' ' Well, you are very good to be so pleasant about it after our giving you such a fright. Ib was tiieh a Billy thing for us to do,' said Bess ; 'but you see we had been telling ghost stories all the evening, and had worked ourselves up to such a pitch that we thought we would come here to see — because— you know ? ' Bess glanced hesitatingly toward the younger children. 'Oh, yes, I see!' laughed the girL 'We know all about the stories about this house. You need not be afraid to mention it before the children. Papa found he could get the place very ? cheap just because of the ghosts, and so we all think that a haunted house is the nicest thing in the world. I hope you will all come here often ; I'm sure we ought to hie good friends after this queer beginning of ac quaintance !' They were soon good friends, for before Jim and Dudley and their sisters had gone home, Mr. and Mrs. Field, the father and mother of their new acquaintances, came in. They knew Mrs. Dodd very; well, and the matter was ex plained satisfactorily to the policeman. Many times that winter the' old house echoed to the laughter of the young people of both families as they recalled the thrilling incidents of their ghost hunt. — Boston Youths' Com panion. 