.THUNDERBOLTS MATE- 31 E. W. HoitNCNO, in " Chambers Journal." (Concluded from Saturday's Issue), IV: On tiie evening of Tuesday, Sth Scptom- l>er, nt a quarter past 0, I'onolopo Lees opened tlio douMo gntcs of the IfilliU homo tmddock, squeezed through on her pony abut and Jnatuncd the gates buiilud her, nuil lode up very slowly to the homestead, There - was a cowl sunset thai ovenintr '—a sunset on a grand scale, for nuito halt the sky was tinted pink and amber; but l'cn only noticed it when she stopped to civo her pony its ovening drink at tho hoteo-tnnlc, which mirrored tho whole thine. Eastward, however, at tho horizon, tho sky was gray- edged, and tho edge was growiug broader : but this Pen oevcr uoticed at all. Tho fact is sho had ridden homo from tho ohed rthis evening with downcast eyes, for tho shearing was all but over. It had boon 'such splendid fun all through that it teemed to havo flown over in ono week, instead of in Bix. Bat what was a thousand timo worse than tho closo of shearing was tho approach', of schooling ; for it was settled that when /William Lees went down to Mellrourno nt tho beginning of November, he was to Uko his littlo girl with him and leave her at a school there— hundrcdsand hundreds of miles nway. This had ouly jmt been arranged ; hut the arrangement was final ; and it must bo confessed that "downcast" docs not tell the whole truth with regard to poor littlo Pen's eyes on her ride from tho shod this evening. „ Sho dismounted at tho stables, took tho aoddlo and Inidlo from her ponv, a/id sent him off towards tho horso paddock at n gentle trot. Thou sho walked nlowly to tho house, which, with tho flaming west bohiud it, looked liko an un ambitious carving in ebony. The long baro veranda in front of tlm store aud tho dining- room toluACOped. as it were, wiih thucotlago voranduh ; and before sho sot foot in the former, Pen could sco tho square screen of iunaot at the far end of tho latter, and blotted flko ink upon this screen, motionless figures sitting in ailience. As tho child's step rang through tho long, empty veranda, some heads turned in tho other one, but no ono spoke. A vnguo fear seized Pun, their motionless attitude seemed >o striuge, Sho hesitated ; but tho reac tionary impulso followed speedily, and hurrictl her forward, with faltering steps. Into as queer a Quaker's meeting as could woli be imagined. In tho sittitigfootn doorway stood Mrs Lees, drawu up to her full height, her palo faco cold and proud, and bitterly indignant «— but quite calm, with thu composure that sometimes, at u crisis, teems to come natural, to tho last woman you would have expected it of. Robert Ayrtou, tho over seer, was spread out on tin floor, hir hack Against the wciitlicrhoaid wall of tho cottauo, iiis arms folded, unci bin head thrown forwurd on his chest. Thu man who called himself Brown lay in Ids usual posture in the long chair, and his dark deep eyes wore turned Upwards with their usual iuucrutablo stare. Seated on a chair nt houic little distance from them was a man whom Pen had never keen before. Ho wore riding hoots, spurs and breeches, a abort neat jacket and a 4 cabbaec-treo' wide-awake. Ilia faco ivna ball turned to the glowing light, wnich shone upon a clear grey eye, tho naif of a ruddy moustache, nnd asnuburnt check aud chin ; thu other Gido of iiis faco Was necessarily in deep shadow. Tho man was smoking a pipo— tho smoko hung in silvery putts upon tho screen of rosy bky at tho end of tho verandah. Penelope advanced shyly, with her eyes fixed, ns was only natural, upon tho strauger. Suddenly sho stood still and shivered. Thu red light glit tered upon f.oniuthi/ig bright and steely that lay In thostiaiigcr's law— a revolver. "Coino to tnu, Pen,' said Mrs Lees, iu a cold mechanical voice. Pen obeyed wumptly enough, and slipped >11 nrin rouud nor mother's waist and nestled closo beside iter. And Mrs l-ccs answered aloud— in a curiously scornful tone- tho child's upward look of teriiiicl inquiry : 41 These men aro bushraugcrj. Wo two all in their power !" Pen clung eloscr to her mother. " Which men ?" sho whispered. "There's only that tnau over there with the pistol— is ho Thunderbolt ?" " Yes," said Mrs Lees, in the samo daunt less, disdainful tous ; "aud the uuu with the broken leg fit it ever was broken) — thu man that wo have nursed juunUcudctUo all these weeks — is Ids accotntilice !" A guilty blush su Milam! Pen's faco to tho roots of her hair. She had known this tor days, yet kept it to herself! But then she hud nuver suspected ticuchery of this kind. Wiih it treachery? Sho glanced to whoro Brown lay, hoping tJ liml a reassur ing expression on his face. But there was nothing reassuring there. Ilia eyes were still gazing vacantly upward ; hut the ghost of a smile played over t ho palo haggard feature. This taint smilo seemed to Pen n confession of treachery, and ahu hurst into tears. At thin moment a pleasant voice, singing cutolondy, hroku ujiou their vara. The voice came nearer ami nearer ; then a swing ing footstep t.iul the jingling of spurs were heard in tho long verandah. Tim bushranger handled his revolver. A moment Inter, tho nloru-kecpcc— a young fellow freak ftom England— stood nghu6t in their midst. Ayrtou, thu ovemeur, raised bin head. " Throw up your hand. Miller," said ho coolly, with tho true colonial draw! ; " up wilh'them, old man, or you're u suit 'mi ! We're stud: up. Lee mo introduco you to the celebrated Thunderbolt"— pointing to the jnan with tho revolver— " and ids male"— pointing to Brown. Young Miller turned palo ; then he stack his hands deep iiiahia trousers pockets. Ho want very young man—a Kugby boy but u year ago. "It's a bit of colonial experience for yon— a bit worth having," went on Ayrtou c.altnly, slicing n cuke of tobacco as ho spoku ; 'something for you to write ami tell thu old folks nt home. Look out— you'd best Und still, 1 say !" Young Mtllor had taken a quick slop for ward ; but ho stopped as quickly : for Ayrton'n wnrniug was driven homo by the corking of Thunderbolt's revolver. .Thu bushranger now rose to bin feet and strotclicd himself coolly. " la this thu last of them ? ' ho asked oi Ayrtou. "There's thu butcher" "Wo can do without him.— Call tliocookV' "And there's thu groom." " Wo won't wait lor him.— Call tho cook, dyo hear !" Avrton oboyed. Tho Chhicso came. "Tell him to dish up dinnnr in here— aud harp," sold the bushranger, pointing to tho sitting-room. Ayrtou rupontcd this order as though it bad boeu an ordor from William Lees. "Now, my friends," said Thunderbolt, addressing tho whole company, "some find no a man of few words— some I'othor thing ; but ony way it's precious littlo I'vognt to nay new. 1 You'll. havo hoard of ino beforo, mayhap ; And you'll hnvu heard of some of , the things I've dnuu when pressed. I've clouo enough, I daresay to snt a pretty high llgnfe upou inyfculf, olive or doad, Whatever you may force mo into dolug to- night, It cau't make it any hotter for ino, when my timo comes, than it would be its things stand already." Ho tapped tho hutt-end of his revolver signifi cantly. " But really, ladies and gentlemen," bo wont on iu a inoro insinuating manner, "'there need hn no unpleasantness at all ; all I ask is a square meal; then we'll adjourn, tho lot of us, and any moro as may happen to .drop iu nnd join na-i-to tho storo ; and after that— I don't promise, mind — hut it's vary likely I'll bo saying good-bvo to you. As for you, ma'rm," continued Thunder bolt, bowing suavely to.Mrs Loos, " if vou'vo heard anything about mo nt oil, you'll know that you'ro safe— whatever happens— aud tho littlo lady, too !" Mrs Loes Lroatcd thisasauranco witliBt'ont contempt t and tho outlaw now nrderod them oil into tho sitting-room, winch, ns ho had been careful to find out first, had uo second door nnd no windows bnyomUwo that iookodout upon tho vcmudnh. Tho young storekeeper was tho last to enter, aud ha turned on I ho threshold to shako Ids list at Thunderbolt's mate. . " You villain ! be muttered savagely— II vou doublo-dyod, immeasurahlo Somo swift momentary change in Brown's face— to which Thunderbolt for the mmnont lud turned his baek made the young man stop short 'a the thiok of his epithets. It sot him thinking, too. And a littlo con- vcraatlon between Thunderbolt and his mate, which now took place made his thinking run iu' unexpected grooves. 41 Can you walk yet, ' asked Thunder- \- bolt. . . . "No." .: " Where do yon sleep, then j and how do , they shift you t " 1 sleep In the barracks ; the gentle men csrry me to snd fzo morning and evening." J i s. as vauna .Uiller.-.udriadMd vyxx-ont. knew, Brown war not carried to and from the barracks ; ho hobbled on crutches. M filer, moreover, had a shrewd idea as to where thorn crutches were at that moment; the croopms grow so thickly at thu 1mm of tho irclhs, and tho long' chair covered ao much ground juit thero that they could tu>t qulto bo seen ; but that they wcro within | Brown's reach Miller could not dnabt, His ideas became utmost too much for him ; for none but himself had heard tho small conversation between the bushranger and his quondadam mate, and Miller yearned to whisper tho gist of tt to Ayrton, though, happily, ho had too much scusoto uctcmpt thu. AnhourpaMcu. Supper was over: thebush- ranger had eaten heartily cuouph, if no no ono elscdid— and hnd not touched a drop of any- thing stronger ihau tea : and nil tho while, with half ntt eye upoo tho verandah ami Brown, and an eye aud a half upon the room and its occupants. Tho number oi tho latter was now materially increased. After dinner had been served, Sammy, tho Chinese cook, was nob allowed to return to the kitchen. Then the groom had como in to say that n strange black horsowan tethered in the pines, and tho groom had been detained. Then tho butcher had come to sco what hnd hapnoned to his friend the groom, and tho butcher had heed detained. Tho maid-servant, also, had surrendered of tier own accord, being tired ot tho dust and discomfort and nolltudo under bet mistress's bed ; ao she was in the room tori, in a state of intermittent hysterics. But Mrs I.cca sat through it all in haughty silcnco ; and littlo l'cn, clasping her mother's baud tightly did her best to follow licr mother's example. "I wan once in pretty much tho same fix before," Thunderbolt told them good humor- cdly, though really tho "fix" did not seem to be on his side. 11 It was nt a Queensland station, Clermont wsy ; and I'd bailed up all hands in the store ouito comfortably ; but they were fools enough to attempt a rush, and.— how many was it £ shot, mate ?" asked Thunderbolt, glancing through the door. "Three," replied Brown shortly. "So you said— I was not there." "Ah, three; so it was : three. Now, thoy could only hang mo oocc for them three. What's moro, if I was to shoot three dozen more to-night— supposing there wore three dozen hero to shoot— stili, tlicv could only hang mo once. That's where I've got tho bulge, you see I" Thunderbolt putted his pipe complacently, lie seemed enamored of tho situation and glad to prolong it. Suddenly, however— qultn suddenly— lie turned to tho young storekeeper. "You sing, mister— eh 7 I heard you as you came along the verandah. Give us a song Young Miller, though his eyes met the bushranger's, saw a white face nodding to him thrnuL'h thu open door ; nnd tho re luctance with which ho went to tho piauo was only feigned. Then and thero he sang, to his own accompaniment, a song that fell agreeably upou Thunderbolt's cars but sank like lead into all other hearts, eavo that of Thunderbolt's mate. The song ended, the bushranger said authoratively, " Give us another." Young Miller glanced inquiringly ut Mrs Lees. Tho citcuinatnncc had not nuito robbed him of his KucHsh manners. Before the first song, ho had nskod permission iu thescuno ntutu way, and received a nod. It was almost a pity shodiu notconfino herself to a nod this timo, for it only amused tho bushranger when elio said sarcastically "Certainly, Mr Miller. I'rsy, do not be murdered for tho sako of a song ! " Miller struck up a lively iucIo, reminis cent of burnt cork and tho banjo, and straightway plunged into a song that pur ported tube comic. It was highly appreci ated. Thunderbolt beat timo with his spui red IiccJh. joined in tiio chorus, and, at tho cud, rapped out his applause upou tho door-panels with tho butt-end of his pistol, He had laughed uproariously at least once in every verso, and faint echoes from tho verandah bud further encouraged the In high good humor, the hushrangcrnow asked Miller to tilay ono of tho old English ballads. Miller got out tho hook, and a strange scene followed. 'Thunderbolt— this bluodthiraty desnorado —stood up, revolver in hand, ami sang "The Lass of Richmond Hill;" moreover, he sang it with excellent expression, and in a full mutdy voice that only just missed being sweet into the bargain. Nono of tho party ever heard tho soug again without recalling his singing of it. It was greeted with loud applause from thu vormnuah, to which Thunderbolt had turned his back while singing. The merry ruffian's spirits rose still higher, and ho uudertook to give Tom Bowling as a wtud-up. fo looked really very haudsotne, ami taking, and good-natured, as ho stood up there framed ill the doorway. Tho Ilirlih of tiiu lamp on tho tublo and of tho candles iu tho piauo sconces foil upon his tall athletic frnmo and strong regular features; his teeth, as his month opened— Uko a tritu singer's— in a perfect circle, 'were white and oven ; and ho sang that tender old song of Hibdin's with a rough, vilcotivo tenderness of his own ; though tho revolver w.te in his hand and his finger on tho trigger. Never beforo or uinco, ono ventures to nsscrt, has "Tom Bowline" been rendered under such very exceptional circumstance. It occupied Home minutes. Your rough- nnil-ready singer's tendency Is over to overdo tha midaiito, and this nno had a particular weakness far ralkutitiirio. So tho song, which was sung much hotter than tho pre vious song, took up sumo little time ; ami when it was ovur thero was no applause. Tho leader of tho applause was silent. There was not n sound from tho verandah. ThundorMt tiiiuud round uuickly, almost beforo thu lait noto hod diet away, and uttered a sound Umt seamed to come from unotliur thro.it, nnd a wild beast's, for It was n roar of race, His former.', tuato— tho helpless man with tho broken leg— was gouo ! Thunderbolt strodo out, hut only a vanl from thu door, mid stood listening and peer ing Ihtoinrh the ' darkness, Ho nmtlu ceo nothing ; ho could hear nothing. Wheeling round, lie stalked hack into tho room, livid mid furious, nnd clapped his revolver to younu Millcr'i: car. " You young hound 1" he yollod, " 1'vo a mind to blow your brains out whero you ait ! You've had a Imnd in this t" Aud Tom Bowling had not been thirty seconds " gouo nloti." ' V. Thunderbolt's tnato heard plainly orioueh tho yell ol ruuo that Aunouueed thediscovoiy of his escape. At that moment his crutches had carried him considerably lees than two hundred yards from thu homestead ; but ho smiled complacently as Iio hobbled on— ho felt tolerably secure. Tho night was ns black ah pitch ; tho clouds had banked up for tain ; no llitif . vvln-n llrnWn lonkiiil nvar him Htinnt. dor, thu uutlino of lliuatutiou wnn invisible. " Even if it (was bright moonlight," mut tered Utowu, as ho ncarod tho homo- paddock gato, " uven if ho could seo me, he daren't give chase 1 Iio knows that if ho left that verandah for half n minute, they'd bo into tho Btoro and armed to tho teeth beforo hu could got back. But I know what he'll do now ; he'll do Uke he done up in Queensland, when ho stuck up Evelyn Downs alnclu-hamioil. llo'li mako Hsiniuy fetch a rope ; then ho'U sot on ouo or two to bind all the rest; and then one of those two'll have to bind tho other ; and then Thuoderholt'U liiud him. Then ho'll ransack the place, and away witii an hour's start boforo the first man frees himself, That's what ho'd havo dona at Evelyn Downs, if those poor coves hadu't hail too much pluck and too little sonsc. That's what he's doing now, for that Ayrtou's too cool to lose his head or to lot the others try nnythiug on either, unless they were cook- In point of fact, Brown was right. At, that very moment, Sammy, the Chinese,' was cutting down the clothes lines from tiie pine-trees behind his kitchen i It is difficult, at best, to mnlco respectable speed on crutches— impossible, wuon the only leg that may touch tho ground has been out of uao for weeks, and when thu whole fratno is weakened aud reduced by a pro- lougedpuriod of inactivity. Brown got over thu first milo at a good rate; consider-: tag everything ; but hu paid for it beforo suddenly. Jus brain reeled, Ithe crotches slipped from under his arm-pits, he fell for ward upon his hands. Instead of atunoiog him, the slight shook galvatiisod hie swim mlagsooiosand desired His brain; but he was wise enough to slip right down for a minute's rest in whioh to gather strength ! sod review the situation. He had not come more.thsnamUesnd'ahsU, or a quarter of the way to the wool-shed— of this ho was certain. A quarter of tho way, and he had already collapsed once I . The prospect of hts reaching the shod at all scemou by no means certain Even if ha did succeed In getting there, could ho be lo time to be of any use? He would, indeed, he able 'tg-desfAlth prompt nuiatuco. to tho prisoners at the homestead— but ooly to find no doubt, that they were prisoners no longer, and that tho liushranucrs had got a ionussfe stait. On the other hand, there were two possibilities to consider. There was tho clmnco oi the prisoners being so securely bound" that it might take them hours to release themselves ; and the thought of Mrs Lees and littlo Pen— above all, .of littlo Pen— being lacerated for hours by the binding ropes was intolerable to Brown. Then thero was tho chanco of Thunder bolt's capture if a huo and cry "6 started by tno shearers, most of whom had horses iutHo horsc-paddock out at the shed; and tho thought of that in ado Brown tromblo with excitement. Without know ing watch incentive was tho stronger, hu set his teeth, dravged himself front the ground, and nnco m'oro swung forward on his crutches. . ... It was a terrible taxk tiiat he had set himself— indeed, an impossible ono; hut Brown had not time to hud this out. Kor he had not pro:ccded a hundred yards from tiie spot where nc had fallen, wheo a galloping horseman overtook him At first ho thought it was Thunderbolt, crouched behind a big blue-tush at one sido of the track, set his teeth, clubbed a crutch, 'and thought bitterly of iiis buried pistols. But'when tho horse cm» up, thero was just light enough to see that it was a gray ; and Thundcrlwlt's mount was black as ink. Beaiuos, the rider was sitting all of a heap, and an unsteady heap too, which put it beyond doubt that it was not cvon , Thunderbolt on one of tho statiou horses. So then Brown started up as smartly as he was able and let nut a loud shout ; whoro upon the rider— a harmless shearer, on his way homo from a convivial evening in tho township — nearly fell from bis saddle,' but reined up awkwardly, and showed his pre sence of mind by an eloquent but indistinct out of curses. " Don't slop, man J" cried Brown. " Ride on to tiie wool-shed for your life 1 Tho homo- stead's, stuck up, nnd every soul's in Thunderbolt's hinds I" Thunderbolt?" " Thunderbolt I" In an instant, tho festive shearer became quite painfully sober, by comparison, Uo rodo up close to Brown. " Why— great Scot ! you'ro the covo with tho broken leg !" 1 " Get on, man ; there's nob s moment to loso !" " But how tho mischief did you get hero ? Crutches and nil, so help me 1" ' Oh, rido on, can't you?" cried Brown ancrilv. " Thiuk of the v/otnau and thu child." The shearer sat for anme seconds longer liko a atatno lu tbo saddlo ; then, with a forciblo imprecation— bat a most compli mentary ono to "tho covo with tho broken log" — ho dug spurs into tbo gravo and thundered on. And Brown sank down again behind his' blue-bush, and realised, now that it was off his shoulders, tho complete im possibility of tho task he had set himsclt —to hobble six miles on his crutches. Ho lay upon the ground, utterly feeble, and feeling as though a forceps hod been at work drawing every nervo and sinow out of his body. Consciousness almost forsook him ; ho fell into a state of partial stupor. lie was roused— ic must havo been an hour later— by a stumpedo of hor«es sweep ing dowa the track at a gallop. It was the shearers, With William Lues at their head. Wheu they had passed, Brown struggled up and propped himself onco more upon his crutches, and began retracing his steps to tho homostcad. But his paco was considerably slower than it hnd been before. He thought he was novcr going to roach the homo-pad dock gate. At last ho know that he was noar itby hearing tho douhlo gates clatter luck upon tho K»ts aud a horse's hoofs thun der through ' What' followed occupied a few moments only. A black horso was reined up within a yard of Brown, and when Brown ad dressed tho rider, taking him for one of tho pnrflucra, a low, cruel laugh was tho answer; and thou— a flash, a report, o horse's gallop dying away iu the distance ; and Thunderbolt's mate left lying in his bloo'd. shot by Thunderbolt ! On tragic nichts such as this one, peoplo arc slow to go to bed. even when the dnugir is over. At midnight, William Lees, hiswifeand child, and tho trombling maid-servant, sat in silence in tho sitting roam, awaiting the return of tho hue and cry. which seemed certain at last to capturo Hiu notorious Thunderbolt, hut which in fact did no such thing. Loes at tho moment was au em- hiitorcdmon he, and ho alone, was out of tho ehsso; duty had tied him to tho domcstio apron strings, and tho nctiou of his young men— wno had joined the pursuers without so much as asking leave- hod tightened the knots. All at once, but so silently that her parents nnrdly noticed it, littlo Ten stole out into the verandah. Sho fancied she had heard a faint cry in tho veraudah, iancy bccatno certnluty for tho cry was repented— "MisnPcii !" The voico was sadly feeble, hnt it was Brown's voice.' l'cn know it instantly, and wcutswiitly hub softly to tho cud of tho verandah. Tho faiut summons camo yot again "Miss l'cn t" The child rushed out, croped for and found thu piokai-feuco, followed it down to tho wicket, went through, aud almost fell over a man's prostrato form. " Miss Fon 1" Is it really you ?" ' "Is that really you. Brown?" It was very, very dnrfc, nnd liueraiu was falling. "Yes, inias, It's mo — come back," sold Brown, very faintly. " I'm glad you hoard me, and cntno— in time. Water t My throat is on lire." .... Sho turned like lightning. He called her hack. " Miss Pen I" nis voice terrified nor ; it was fainter than ever ; and ho was gasping. " You didn't believe— Mtas Pen— I was aiding with him— to-night— did you !" "No, Brown; realty aud truly I didn't believe that !'" Sho gave him her lUtlo hand and lie Erwscd it to his cold, damp lips, " Water I" e gasped again. Pen rati away, a great lump in hor throat, a vague terror fa hur heart. As she ncorcd the verandah sho thought sho heard a long- drawn choking sigh. Sho burst into tho room, and told hor parents that Brown w&s; outside, ' juRt beyond tho fence, lying dawn '' exhausted and bogging for water. But before she had told thorn all tho child stopped and uttered a shrill scream; the light of tho lamp had revealed blood upon hur hand ! William Loes said nothing, but seized tho water bottlo and rushed out. He was too Into. Thunderbolt's malo was dead. Tho rosdor may liko to know that Thundorr bnlt himself never left that district alive t tno polioo sargcunt from tho towushlp net- llilbil shot film dead within forty- eight hours from that midnight. But it is need less to add that thero was neither comfor nor consolation in this for littlo Penelope Lees. . ' 