LOYE BETTER TEAH SACRIFICE: (OvyrM.1 INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT. BY OS OAR PAE Ki CHAPTER XX. A CAPITULATION, Am T expected to Bay that Mr. Mowbray'p (Cation between the departure of Mr. Bnrffiok anil the second appearance of Dormsen were of a eeiy humiliating and painful nature f Then I must disappoint an expectation bo little , iinrtTlal bv an irinmfe nnderstandintr of tills , gwntJewian'a character. He' very quickly flamed ered through the rather' noisome bog in which the . American had left him sticking, and. speedily reached ground firmenongh to bear hiB weight. He - had saved the gilding, and, indeed, -had added to it a fresh layer, which, if not as thick An one as he ; had hoped td see, was yet immeasural&p;: better uun W CAYO blU9 U1U f£ilUAUg oelljijjwu way. What if he had failed to overreach Mr- . Bnidiak ? That was a mere incident. What" if J \- ha had failed to marry his daughter to the man of his choice ? He could shew that impudent voting . cub'e father that he could get on very weijwithr ont the support of Thomdon and Son, What if : he was about to eat hiB own words to Dorms eh f r It would be strange if with hi mastery, of worde .- he oould hot juggle eo effectually as to make that young man eee that the earlier interview had .been , more than A trial of the - strength -of hie I purpose and persistence. And at the worst John Wouey Mowbray, he reflected, must still to ninety- 1 nine one-hundred ths of the nniverse present nnim- ) paired "" imposing figure of a terrene god encased , in shining metal. Oh, no 1 While it would have been a eatisfaobon ! without alloy to have reached his goal by his own path, yet he had oome so perilously near being : compelled or torn back altogether, that his . dominant emotion speedily beaams one 1 of exal tation that he should have got eo far without ' disaster. The habits of a lifetime are not to be eo 1 easily disconcerted. There is more bigotry in self- I worship than in any other form of devotion. Pre serve Aha substance and the incidents will get themselves harmonised somehow or other. In fact, now that Mr. Mowbray cams to think it all over; he began to fancy that he had really hoodwinked' Mr. Bnxdidk very cleverly. Indeed, too, he had quite made up hie mind to have nothing more to | do with the Thomdon, father and son both, which would he quite enffiaiently galling tothem ; j and now that he was assured by a disinterested : person that Dormesn was possessed of both good 1 birth and money, he »hr»nld have probably himself - selected that young gentleman as a suitable husband j for his daughter, if for no other reason because it ,< would be wormwood to the Thomdons. Thus easy and simple it ii for one, who worships with his .j whole sonl, to not alone augment noh virtues as J his idol has, bat to impoae upon it other virtues ; whioh.it has nob . . I am informed that yon wish to sae me, Mr. . Mowbray/" said Dormsen, as he entered that ' genttemanlr sitting -zoom a wv"! time this 1 evening. . ! "Ah, yes. Mr. Dormsen I Will yon kindly be f seated. After yon had left me same time ago I > began to fear I had been somewhat abrupt, xon . , , wul oonfess yonreelf, my dear sir, that ike sudden- ' ness of your wwnmnninitinii and its nature were . — nmnWnring my ignoranoe of your claims upon ; . my attention — such as oould .not fail to receive . from a father, whose first thought is for his happin— , if not a distinct refusal, yet such a -modified tone of non-eaoouragement as would negative any presumption of aoquiesoenoe j an my part without absolutely destroying hope on , yours, until I could . make certain inquirieB as 1 matter of commendable precaution." . jChxutopher Dormaen's knowledge of the Eng- . lish tongue hjd vary greatly improved in the past winter, out he had yet to learn what could be ; done with it when the effort was fairly mads. ! However, though he oould not himself have framed J these seatenoes, yet he caught their purport very clearly; " Am I to understand, Mr. Mowbray, that yon did not intend, a short time ago, to distinctly and t finally refuse me your consent I" Mr. Mowbray opened his eyes very widely. How surprised he was that any snoh -interpretation could be put on his earlier words. "Oh, by no means, Mr. Dormsen 1" And then he thought it well to be facetious, and he emiled €n quite a confidential and engaging way. " Ah, ' -my dear yonng friend, when I was at your age ouch in interpretation would have been the very last , 1bnt my warm deriree would have suffered me to put upon language dictated solely by a father's worldly prudence and that affection which shrinks from parting with a beloved object. Ah," he con tinued , looking into the fire with a meditative gaze, "I am an old-fashioned gentleman, Mr. Dormeen, j re yon Bee. I cannot entertain the subject of the disposal of my daughter's hand without a pang." | There were reasons why Dorm sen did not care to make any audible reply to these — proofs, ehall we call them I of t parent' singleness of affection, hut he oould with great truth assure Mr. How- ; bray that the rejection of his suit — for so he had understood it — had only postponed hiB purpose not i overwhelmed it. "I supposed your language ad- ' mitted of but one construction, Mr. Mowbray, but I can assure you it did not dishearten me." " I am delighted to hear that assurance of the strength of yoar attachment, Mr. .Dormsen. The szdour of the yonng is always an attractive object of contemplation to those whose hearts age fees robbed of impetuous fire, though giving in exchange perhaps a more generous depth of amotion. No ; something in year manner when- \- yoa left my room prompted me to ask myself whether I had not possibly impressed an element of finality upon my worda, which it was far from coy purpose to imply. Ton have affected me very agreeably, Mr. Dormsen, in the few times we have met, bat I could not do otherwise than at ieant affect indifference to your proposals, until I coold learn that my daughter, Clara, should regard the matter with at least not disfavour, and that in » more worldly point of view the consummation of such an engagement would be liksly in all . respects to secure her future happiness; and her happiness, Mr.. Dormsen, I do not need to remind you. is all I have to live for." "Then am I to gather from what you say now to me, Mr. Mowbray, that einoe I left this room you have satisfied yourself upon these two points 1" " A — well — not— I should say — well yes, vir» anally, Mr. Dormaen, virtually. I should not have " "You must forgive my interrupting yon, Mr. Jfowbray, to say that what I have requested of you is your permission to ask Misa Mowbray - to be my wife. 1 do not wish anyone to plead my cause with her or to bring any influence to bear upon her." There was a very consaiou distrust of the elder gentleman in h»« mind, whioh prompted thissoggestion." And the limitation which jt put to hi own action brought a throb of dis- to Mr. Mowbray. Suppose, Clara, left to iieaelf, should decline this offer, where would jie he f However, there was nothiag left now &nt; to accept the situation as it was offered to fcim, and he bowed with some degree of offended anajesty as he went on, " I was about to uy, when you interrupted me and, as you will see, without cause, Mr. Dormsen, that I should not 5a vp recalled you but for the fear which praised upon uie that yon might have interpreted my words too harshly, and might be suffering from fiiiappdujtment. Unhappily for one in this rather selfish age," he oontinued in .a tone of <nointed and melancholy rebuke, " I am so sensi tively constituted -that any suffering or pain which I can relieve compels my instant bare and attention. At the risk, therefor, of bring thought by you even whimsical and of changeful purpose, I could not rest without sending for you to-night, and informing you that there is no longer any ohjectiononmyparttoyour addressing my daughter. -J£be rest, of coarse, must lie with her." jjow could Dormsen do otherwise than ax pre— \- grateful thanks something of the joyous relief lie felt. or wh®11 he went to his room do otherwise xfa'an lie awake half the night contemplating the morrow f Xh® isue did not justify the father's agitation in Ti®w of a still possible disaster, and he probably never came quite so near loving his daughter as whfiH jshe came to him on the follow ing day with happy face and heart of gladnea, nnd he knew that all was welL He lmdagtowrf eatisfaction in well- doing, the like of whioh had been long an unknown sensation. As Mr. Bor- gjdf had predicted he" felt good." And be continued to " feel good." He contlnnea to "feelgood" to this day. It is not in hie nature, ' indeed, to) fed otherwise while life lasts, while he keep what be has and his'imsgiuation remains rf efficient strength to crown his temple With v. or. hitmen1 IIow -it- will be in the next world into -which John Woolsey Mowbray'® ««il will gm ggkad vtitoos'tta . r j-.v'.. v the worshippers it does not become the simple chronicler to hazard a conjecture. We insy be sum, however, that by a well-guarded provision of bin will and testament, the monument to he here after created to his earthly remains will contain an inscription whioh will comfort his disoiplea _ the last generation, and forever present to their ripe imaginations a picture of their idol floating on golden clouds, and always " feeling good. . Strict truth, however, compels me to etaw tha he felt best when, oh the first of the following , mouth, he realised that a very handsome sum nw been paid into Thomdon and Son, bankers, on aoooont, that his maturing bills had been prompt Y met,' and that he was considerably ncher he ever had been ' before. He also 1 felt good, very good,: when he transferred his balance ' another house. He " felt good " when he bin daughter a very handsome wedding, and w en he read the acoonnts of it afterwards in the morn ing papers. These are the things which goto make up the charm of life, over which one can think long and deliriously, which are delighttulm anticipation, delightful in the moment of aotion, and delightful in retrospect— to some people. As for Percy Thorndon, he_ . received, a he' 11 drifted along hack towards Paris," a letter from Mr. Bnrdick, which held not only a very eat .surprise for him, but ofi'ered no temptation to drift hack to Rome again. A note from Misa Mowbray _ had already reached him, not' those few impalfiitjB lines, written under the first stress of her indigna tion, but a more reasonable, prudent, attd more calmly penned answer to his earnest plea for a better understanding. ButOiara Mowbray was as "frank as he had begged her to he, and there was nothing left for him to do but to keep oil towards England; Then came this communication _from Mr Bnr- dick, whioh I give nearly verbatim., making no apology for its length, and oily,, wishing I could also reproduce the chirography. "My dear Thomdon," it began, " I hope you are not Bull looking for Marconti, because you are not likely to find hi, He has gone, I think, where, from all accounts, even these ridiculous Roman aqueducts would be popular. I want to finish with him first and have done with him for good and all, bo I will tell you how it happened. He went back to Capri. His friends will say that he repented of what he had done and went back to rescue Dormsen. I think I know him better than to do him that injustice. . Between you ana me there is no need to discuss his motives. Well then, he went back. He prowled up to the Tim- berio. It was night mid moonlight. He got as At as that little gate, you remember, that I broke open— and standing there alone with his own soul he heard a step, turned round and saw Christopher Dormsen- just behind him. It was enough to frighten him, wasn't it ? Well it did. It frightened him so. that he fell against that little gate, which — let me remind yon onoe again — I had happily left rather weak, and down he went about a thousand feet. So the devil got him at his own. Srioe. That doesn't sound nice and polite, does it ? 'ever mind 1 Sometimes I don't want to be nioe and polite. But about Christopher Dormsen's ghost. Ah, my dear Thomdon, I think I hear yon mutter, 'What do I care for the crazy fancies pf that wretch I " But it wasn't Christopher DormBen'a ghost, as it happens, but Christopher Dormsen himself. Now your disgust turns to me and yoa say, 'This man has had Dormsen on the brain' for the past two monthB, and is the real madman after alL' Well, all I can Bay is, if I am wrong tent it, Clara Mowbray is going to marry a ghost sometime next summer in London, and yon will have a chance to satisfy yourself by the evidence of your own senses, and I will do you the justice to say, that I know no man less likely to be ' deoeived, when he really sees a- thing, than Percy Thorndon. "No I the man you and I found looked astonish ingly like Christopher Dormsen — was Christo pher Dormsen'a twin brother but was not Christopher Dorsmen. He deoeived Marconti un fortunately, but that was not so very remarkable because Marconti had not Been the other often. He deceived us, probably because we" only saw him in that dying condition and - were predisposed to believe it was the man we knew, though-: I am nqt at all prepared to eay that we could have told them apart, if we had seen them bsth alive and well. Just as (angular mistakes ae that have happened before. T£p.11i7 t.h mfwt rnmnrlmlfl frhinfr iiVinwfc it 11 is, that we none of us knew that Dormsen had a brother. It was jnst one of those strange chances that do occur (and yet are so strange that we call them miraculous), that there had been no occasion for Dormsen to mention that fact. When I spoke to him of thiB, he thought that of course he had mentioned his brother, but in truth he had > not to any one of us. They had been in Rome together, and then separated to meet hgain later, bntlwill tell yon aU the details when I Bee yon in London. I am not good at writing letters, and this iB a longer one than I ever remember writing in my life before. "There is one thing more, though, that I ought to eay more about. Miss Mowbray and Dormsen are, as is very right and proper, engaged to be mar ried, and are as happy a pair of simple lovers as yen would care to Bee. I know you will be as glad of it as I am, especially rinoe (I mention this because you care bo much for these (lungs over here) he is tip-top eoaially, and has money, enough to give her a new gown every day in the' year if she wants it, eo the old gentleman can squander his wealth in silver mines, or the New: York Stock Exchange, if he chooses to, without - hurting her in the least. ; " Dormsen is writing you himself to thank yon. for what you did for his brother, but he is not likely, under the circumstances, to mention thin other matter, so I have. He iB a rather sensitive fellow, by the way — and — well — eee here ! — it will- do him a lot of good if you will sav, when yon answer his letter, that you have heard of his engagement, and yon very heartily and ainoerely congratulate him. I know you'll do it gladly, though you'll abuse me for interfering again ; bub then again, yon Bee, I know you wouldn't be likely to do it if I didn't mention it, because it naturally wouldn't occur to you. And then I know your heart isn't breaking." ah a matter or race -rercy inornaon oecame en gaged the next season to a lady who had been heard to declare — to an intimate lady friend of course — that the only married life which seemed to her to be in any way tolerable, would be ona; where the husband and wife should require a fresh, introduction to each other every morning. "We may assume, therefore, I think, that fate — Or impudent intermeddling — had for once resulted in making four young heaits happy, instead of leaving two to misery. ' iotJKti man, you have t?eeh coming to my honso almosl every night during the whole winter, and now all at once you become cool, and hardly speak to my daughter. What does all this mean? Explain your- " edf !" The young man hesitated, and finally said in a Beared eort of way : " I — I canie to your house during the winter, because " " Young man, if you love nay daughter, come out and say so." " 1 came because — because I hod no Btove in my room, and I wanted to get warm." " Yon can just go to — to where it is hqt without a Btove," and the young man picked him self up out on the sidewalk. ? I7i nnrnw w « TaWBC 1 1 TT1 r 1 fill P IK ftpt — ting a little out of seasou, but it may be packed in camphor and will be in stylo when the freezes come again. The roller Bkate joke is very popular and is worn on all occasions, either with or without trim ming. The rich editor joke doos not appear to pSll upon the taste. It is quite becoming when Worn with passementerie edging. Spring poetry jokes are undergoing a revival and are quite the au fait in recherche circles. With a waste basket overskirt may bo worn either morning or evening in the house. The young-man-and-girl's-pa joke holds its own, and is really one of the most popular and fashionable seen in polite society. The mule joke is relegated to the commoner classes, and may really be called " old fashioned." It is stvil in favour in the rural districts, and seems destined to continue so for several years. The very- angry-wife-at-three-o'clock- in-the morning joke is not in such favour as formerly, but still many insist upon making it part of theirdaily wear. The liver pad joke has almost die- appeared. Occasionally, however, it may be seen tied in with a knot of ribbon quite, prettily. The honest politician joke is too decolctta to be popular. If cut high in the neck it might reign for a brief season. The sleeping policeman joke had many friends and bade fair to become courtly in its style, but it lacked tone and fell into line with ordinary styles. Puns are popular with all classes. ... They may be worn as bangles, and in an infinite variety of ways. The boarding-houBe pie, hash or gum shoe steak joke enjoys a periodical renaissance and .seems to retain its original lustre. When made up properly it is still a favourite. The young- husband-paregoric joke may be worn .on evening occasions, and is not altogether out of style. The fashions in other lines continue about the same as per last report. Of course, with new demands corne new supplies, and though there is nothing entirely I new, the old Dungs are so artistically worked over j that thev sua Quite xeadilv for original desian. — 1 &rr; v f Copyright. I J LOYE BETTER THAEj SACRIFICE: AN INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT. BY OSCAR PARK. CHAPTER XXL peace. : c Another and last visit, before we leave Rome, to t|ie resurrected house of the Yestals. How well he, who has in these pages sought to picture some or the antagonisms of oharaoter as they played upon each other in those few weeks of an Italian winter, remembers th« eagerness with whioh he turned hiB own footsteps towards the Forum the first morning of his return to the Eternal City from journeyingB father to the south. IIow many more of the white-robed maidens would, have been found since hie laBt visit many weeks before 1 . What other treasures might have been unearthed 7 -jMaaern Rome seemB hnilt npon buried heanty and : gtaee, and any stroke 'of the pick, w herever it 8s, mkyeonnd Upon some marble glory, eo that .imSspot m | more permanently. fascinating than tho6e where the systematic -workings are \- Wpesring. x , w. Within the ' 'ancient atrium are gathered Mrs. Bnrdiok and her husband JCiara and Dormsen. He had begged for one more lost visit to the plaoe where her face had first appeared to him in that unconscious offer of sympathy, for which his own heart was craving, M It was here," he said to Mrs. Bnrdick, " that we first met. It seems to be bo long ago now. Clara stood there, leaning on her father's arm, and I spoke to her, for sheaeemed to have the eame in terest that I felt." > "4" It was very preshmptnons then in you," Mrs. Bnrdick replied, though her face implied much lets of censure than her words ; " very presumptuous if yon had never met." " Have you two never been introduced?" inquired Mr. Bnrdick, with mock serioume's. "That won't do/ Let me remedy it: Mr. DormBen, let me present yon to Miss Mowbray. You'll find her a charming girl, when you know her better." " And you presume on your goodness to us, Mr. Bnrdick," said the girl, with a happier smile than her face had worn for a long time. " Not a bit of it," he exclaimed. " If yon knew how I Btagnated until I got my hand into your pie, yon wonld nee that the obligation was all on my eida I had to mix in something, and this was all that offered at the time. They wouldn't look at my -waggons, and they wonld stiok to their absurd aoqueducta I'd nothing else to do but to fix yon. right. I wish, though," he added more slowly and in a lower voice, " I conld have succeeded all round." "You did all that you could," eaid Dormsen.. "I can'uever forget that I left him when he was in j danger, and that you went to him. But I did not know." " How conld you know?" eaid Clara. "How conld anyone know there was such wickedness on ; theearth ? " ."Had he ever. seen. Marconti?" asked Mrs. Bnrdick. J'No; I told him, when I was with him in Naples, of all that had happened to me in Rome since he had gone away, and of my quarrel as part of it. He was interested, and many times said he should like to see the man, and asked me to de scribe him. He thought I ehocld have trouble with Marconti, but I did not think so. I thought he would keep away from me after his apology."' "" Apology 1 " exclaimed Mr. Bnrdick. " If I had known the man had apologised to you, I'd have had him put under bonds to keep the peace. A rattlesnake isn't dangerous till he sounds his rattle to warn yen that he's thiuking of you." " Shall we go on ? " said Dormsen to Clara, who had taken his arm from the carriage and whose pale face stfll justified her retaining it. "Shall . we go over and see the new Vestals more cloBely? " \--."Yea," she answered, dookir g_up to liia eyes, " I - should like to be alone with you here just for a moment." So they wandered across the narrow, ruined court, and stood before the row of marble figures, Laninn fifroivicif fL n tttoM oil nf DrfTllfllB €tf\TT> O T Will aliiueu UUO (MA V WUOUi <»IXU.VVU| UUUAV headless, others with but head and trunk, remnant only of the memorials of the priestesses of eternal fire. "If they had the power of si pbt and speech, what wonld they Bay to us?'' aeked Clara. " To guard our sacred flame as zealously, only ' by love, not by vows." f " Yeg, and something more, I think." " What, my darling ? " " That love is better than sacrifice." "Than some sacrifice, yes. And yet some sacri fice iB love, the beat love, I know my brother wonld iuve chosen his fate to save ma, as I wonld have done, I believe, to have saved him." He felt her tremble on his arm a he spoke, and added quickly, "Someday iBhall be glad to toll yon, so far as I can, what he was, but not now — not to-day. To-day hd in this plaoe I seem only to have one memory. You know what I mean, Clara." "How can I help knowing, sinoe it is my memory too, my dearest memory, except perhaps one ?" " And that one?" The day yoar heart spoke to mejinthe gardens of thePincio." "Yes, I remember. I too knew then for the firat time truly what you had become to mo in those few days. It was when you said you must go away from Rome, It came like a flash. Bat to me this memory here is best of all." "Why?" "Because it seems to me that in the sympathy von gave me then, I must have felt, without know ing it, a foretaste of the larger sympathy of the love that has grown from it. And now we must look our last at tho Vestals in their home. When we oome to Rome again they will all bo gone to dreary museums. They should be left here where ihey were placed." " But the one whose new life in the snnlight aegan with our new life," said Clara, " will always )«-long to our happiness. Her marble face never seems cold to me. If we ever oome to Rome again w4 wjlj go to her, wherever Bbe is." " Too mnch ruin and sentiment here for our girl," exclaimed Mr. Burdick, approaching with, hi wife. "The sentiment alone won't hurt her, but, mixed with the ruins, it might. Bettor get on to higher ground, where it's drier. I don't wonder there women have all lost their noses, if they lived in as damp a spot as this." " One would suppose, Mr. Burdick, "said his wife, "that you had never possessed a grain of sentiment; but I know better. I shall surely expose you if yoa pretend to sb'ght it." " Mr. _ Burdick's sentiment, like his kind ness, "said Clara, smiling, "is, he would say, only exerciied to keep him from stagnating — when he hre nothing better to do." "Just so, my dear young lady. I think I've njade the remark before, that if I was considerably younger and there was no Mrs. Burdick, I should enter the lists against Dormsen. I should have to beat him if I did." "It is fortunate for your peace of mind, then," Fs:d his wife, in mock-scornful tones," that vou are pired the contest, if you are so hopeful of the '83116." "'That's a slur upon you, Clara," he said, turning to that yonng lady; " she means to say that you jwonl l lead me a very miserable life," \- She means to say," interposed Mrs. Bnrdick, that you would have no chance for the prize." "Oh! Sets the wind in that quarter, eh, P .rmten ? Do tliey believe in polygamy in Norway a- they do iu India? Tnr-re was a book written ee other day, in which the author tried to make n appear that an Euglish girl would be willing marry n mnn who had six wives living already. L that the newest ' fad,' as yon eali it in London \- ci.jty,Mi>.s Clara ? Mrs.Bnrdick are jon ambitious r.n -toy in Europe t Dormsen will you take Mrs, Gcidi-k too?" Which of us is to answer first?" asked Clara kughmg. " None of ns," answered Mrs. Burdick, emphati cally. " "When he is in this humour, the more you en'-' nrage him the worse he is." " He has earned a good right to any humour," Dormsen interposed. 'Oh, there yon go again I " said the American. " If I've earned anything, its the right to aak yon to come to 6-.e us in America, after yon are Mr. and Mrs. Dormsen. I'll shew yon how a model couple live in the new Republic." There was a heirty response from both Clara and Dormsen, and then they all turned to leave the place, the young couple taking one last look to gether at the strange scene, which would ever a fur have a meaning for them far beyond its \- interest for tourist or arcbaDologist— for stranger orj native. Down the Via Sacra they passed, uipunted ihe treps to tho crumbling platform, where, onco tail stiiud tbr> altar to Castor end Toll :ix. up again to the level ot the (ttreot, and ihtu waiting carriage. / .. V , They drove slowly around over the modem ta way, at tha foot of the Capitoiiae, between columns of the Temple of Sa'tui a and tha Tem\ to Vespahiati, past the arch of Saverus, and intc the Via Bonella, where the houses speedily hid i from their sight the meage remains of the Romas i Forum. I " Well," Bnid Mr. Bnrdick, " I've had enough of j rains. It makes one feel deorepid just to look al ! so mnoh of them. The trouble with Europe is— I the civilization's too old. Theoentre of the world | used to be in the East. It decayed there and the centre came to Europe ; it's getting a little rotten here and you'll find the centre is shifting across the Atlantic, And eo mnch of yonr yonng blood goes to America every year, that there's not enough left to counteract the decay. Europe is a good place to come and ooant the footsteps in, but they all lead straight np to the new world, you find, after you've looked around. And after all it's the step we're taking now in 1884 that counts most with all of us. I think too much of ruins affeots oharaoter. I'm rather glad on tho whole that my time ottos before America had any ruins to oultivate. The biggest knave I ever oame acrou lived here. - He was the most stupendous rain I've seen. I don't eay he was a fair sample. Not a bit of it. But he was a produat of the decays rm . satisfied to go b&ck; home now." > - : ij Iim® " Charley Naivto' is a sort of go-as-you-please boy, isn't. ho ?" said one Washington girl to another. ' It has been my -observation that he never pleases to gt>," was "the sadly spoken reply. Tomdik : " Where's Dinwidclie ?" McClammy : "He's in the ante-room." Tomdik; "That's jart like Dinwiddie. If there's a poker game going on anywhere he can be depended upon to find it." It was sinr;sfcAE. — ''What was it you wanted?" asked Officer Button at the Third-street depot of a man who happened to be looking for. somebody or something. " I — I came in on tho train from the east, half an hour ago." "Yes." "Are the passengers all gone ?" " Yes." " I was in hopes not. I wanted to find a young man who rode from St. Thomas with me." Anything wrong ?" ' Oh, no." Something a little singular. . I have uninten tionally done him an injustice." ' I see." " He asked me to give him two fives for a ; ten, and come to look closer at the bill I see it is a twenty. He has robbed himself of lOdols. " Exactly. Let me see the bilL" '"Certainly." "Yes, it is singular," eaid the officer as .he returned it. " It is singular you did not know the bill was bad." "Mercy! but is it?" "Of course. That bill wouldn't fool a newsboy." " Dear, dear me ! And he talked so plausible, and he was so interested in me, and he so hated to bother me for change! Is it possible he knew it was bad?" "Of course he did.'" " Dear, dear me ! And he was on his way to California in hopes to .stay his consump tion ! Why didn't he ask me for two tens for this 20 ?" " Probably thought ho had hit your pile at 10." "You don't say! Well, I now remember saying I had only lOdols. left. Is it possible? And hB so young, and one lung already gone !" . Curiosity Aroused. — "Goin' fur, mister?" The question was asked by a long-nosed, thin-lipped man with pointed chin whiskers, a slouch hat, and a hungry expression of conntenance. He was resting his elbows on the seat in front of him, which seat was occupied by a passenger in a gray checked suit. The passenger addressed turned partly around, took a look at his questioner, and Bized him np at once. " Yes, I am going to Nashville," he replied, " down in Tennessee. My business there is to sell four shares of bank stock, di spore of my interest in a farm of 80 acres, 10 mileB .from the city, and invest the proceeds in a clothing eriablishment on North Cherry- street. I am from Beardstown, Cass Co., HL I got on the train there at 9'35 this morning. It was 46 minutes behind time. My ticket cost me 11 65. dols. I shall take the sleeper when the sun goes down. Had my dinner about an hour ago. Paid 75 cents for it. This cigar cost me 10 cents. I have been a smoker for about 13 years. My name is Chauncey McConnell. I am 89 years old, have a wife and four children, came originally from Harrods- burg, Ky., and am a member of the Congregational Church. I was formerly 'a druggist, but sold out to amannamed Treadwsy.sndl amnot inanyjbumnesa now. I am worth perhaps 10,000 dols. My father was a cooper, and my grandfather was a sea captain. My wife's name was Carr before I married her. Her father was a surveyor. That's all I know about her family. We live iu.a two-story frame house, and the children have all had the mumps, chicken- pox and measles. When I reach Nashville I expect to stop at the Maxville House." He stopped. The long-nosed man regarded him a moment with interest, and then asked, in a querulous, dissatisfied way: "What did yer great- grandfather do for a livin' ?" Who Woe tile Bet. — The first bicycle had reached Chadwick, and as it stood in its crate oh the little depot platform, everybody in town came up to ex amine it. " Yer don't mean to eay that 'er man kin ride tbet thing ?" questioned old Silas Prink. " That's wbut they say," said long, lank yonng Simpson. " I ain't seed hit done, but ther agent says hit's easy." " An' only them many wheels ?" " Two' er nnff." " I'll bet you my hat hit kaint be did." " All right," responded Simpson;, "putter up." Just at the moment the arrangements of the wager were . completed, a dapper young man c&me; up, and with a string arm pulled the " slats from the crate. He took the glittering machine i out, gave its pedals a few whirls, nimbly jumped into the saddle and was off like the wind, down the gravel road. " There !" exclaimed Simpson, . before the bicycle had got 30 feet away, "gimme j that hat." It was fll-luck or pride or something else , that made the young-man run into a small roc a, and nature did the rest. The machine stopped and the rider went over into the r6ad. When the doctor j got through and put him on the train for home, olcj I Si and Sampsbn were arguing over who Won the bet. I He had shown his ability to ride, Simpson said, i but the old man still declares that bicycles are a failure. j He was Huet. — At about midnight Sunday night i an officer found a man asleep in tne enow under a i shade tree on Miami -avenue, and after working two I or three minutes to aco®8® him, he said : " Come, get out of this." " What for ?" asked the man. " Do you i want to freeze to death ?" " No." " Then get up. Do i you know where you are ?" "Do I !" growled the man, i as he got rid of his sleep at last. " What do yon I take me for? Do you think somebody has i hypnotized me, and that I imagine I'm occupying a i first-floor parlour at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, New ! York?" Yooll faaVeto come along." "Whereto?" J " To the station." " I'll go, Of course, but I don't feel ' right about this thing. ThB idea that I didn't know where I was ! After a man has put in sixteen years of sleeping in.barns, fence corners, sheds and under trees, in all sorts of weather, you tome along and roll him out of a snow bank, and pull his leg and tap his feet and ask him if . he knows where he is ! > I feel hurt, sir — hurt and intuited !" lantin' jim. By John P. Sjolander. He brought only a laff when he cum To the ranch ; that wns all be had ; Didn't seem 'slf we 6eed he wus small, An' how scrimpy an' poor he wus clad. Laffiu' Jim be w'as chrigsened straightway. An' that wus jess the bes' recommend He had got for full many a day, For it made everybody his friend. An' it fifted him, too ; Baffin Jim Wus the jolJiBst cnap ever seen, An' the birds seemed to sing jea' for hun With a pleasure both lusty an' keen. An' the flowers, an' the sunshine — but, pshaw ! There wus nothin' grummy an' grim — For his laff seemed to cure every flaw Both in natur'an' man clost tQ.liim. Jim stayed at the ranch ; an' he growed Like the seed that the Book tells erbout From the tinies' thing that is knowed To the bigges' uv trees, 6tr0ng an' stout ; An' we useter cum gath'rin' roun' Jim Like the birds in the mustard seed tree, An' our troubles, he hit 'em, qui-bim ! With a laff, an' from care we wur free. But I met Baffin' Jim thother day Down to Abilene city, an' he That was alius so jolly an' gay Was as solum' as solumn' could be. An' my ole foolish heart felt a pang For the hoy, us I moved up to him An' fired off my month-piece, slapbang : "What's the matter," said I, "Baffin1 Jim?" Then I saw there wub tears in hi6 eyes As they looked into mine, an' I thought That I saw, through the far away skies, A bright face lookin' down, on' I caught Jess a glimpse uv two han's small and white, That peep'd out from a cloud's silver rim. Reach in down through the vanishin light With a longin' uv love unto Jim. No ; we never oncet ast for to know 'Bout his tears, an' his grief, an' bis loss, Till that three-year-old steer laid him low, Runnin' into an' killiu his boss ; It wus then that we all more thsD gueued It wus love that wus ailin' of Jim, For he laffed hiB ole laff at its best. When we aoid there wub no hope for him. / './ ' /. 