À H9IM AT LASS M4CQU4&IE.; [By Mask Antoitt.] There waa a proud, exultant light in the ¿yes of my friend Peter as we entered bia home with those ducks. I could see that he waa just bursting to unfold his gallant exploit to his wife, and, aB he pitched the .poils on the verandah at her feet and " grounded armB" with true military preci- sion, he enquired-" How's that for high, old lass ?" " Oh ! the dear little beauties, Peter" she gushed, " Oti, thb littlu ducky darliug«. Did you hurt them much when you were killing them ?" " Not at all, madame," I hastened to assure ber. " They never felt their dor.th. He knocked them into the water with the muzzle of his gun, and then fell in on top of them and crushed the life out of them. I can assure yon, madam, I never saw a neater thing done in all my life." " Jack, you're not telling the truth," ho wled the indignant man. " You're- you're-a a-" "Look at his wet clothing, ma'am," I interrupted. " Mark his dishevelled attire, and the water gnrgling out of his boots, then decide which of us is in the right." " Never mind" she said soothingly and, I thought, a little tartily when the words were addressed to me." " You did kill them at any rate." " Oh ! I admit that freely, gladly," I said magnanimously, and turning them over with the toe of my boot. " Anything that is bom to be drowned '11 never be hanged nor shot, and, I Buppose, poor things, they have met their decreed fate. However, it is better than having them riddled with shot." Peter glared at me like the heavy villain in a melodrama, but preseitly my philosophy must have «truck him, for he began to grin, and soon we were all three laughing heartily over the affair. He changed his wet clothing, and supper having been announced, the whole incident was dismissed from our minds. "When the moon rose, we repaired to the little creek, and, getting on board the Mary Ann, Bet out for a pull over the glassy expanse of water. Mrs. Gh would not allow us to hoist the sail on this trip, alleging it was too dangerous, no we had just to use the sculls. Peter was pulling and his wife was at the helm, while my duty consisted in supervising the entire fit-out, ami occasionally throwing out a bint to Peter on the necessity of " feather- ing his oars." I bave had great experience in boating matters in my time, having re aided many years in the same boarding-house with an old man-o'-war's man, independent to which I had an uncle who drove the horse attached to a canal-boat between Edin- burgh and Glasgow. The old Bailor used to' tell me many of the incidents o£ his wild, adventurous life, and I naturally began to acquire an intimate knowledge of mari- time phraseology, and an acquaintance with most matters having reference to boats or boating. There is no doubt that ancient mariner had been in many strange lands, and had shared in adventures sufficiently astound- ing, but when it came to a question of re- lating a sailor's yarn, he had no Bhow what- ever with my uncle-the canal man. The two old fogies were wont to meet in our house when I was a little boy-oh, away back in the buried past, you know-and on these occasions I was ever one of their most attentive hearers, and I soon picked np most of the nautical term«. But I was about to say, if the old sailor told us of a " dreadful cyolone in the 'Hindian Hocean,' when the waves ran so high that the masts had to be cut away so's not to hev the ship " jammin' 'erself between the sea and the clouds,"-my respected uncle would grin sarcastically and give us some- thing even more appalling from his own ad- venturous life. " Dinna tell me," he would retort, " aboofc yer ' seek loons' in the Injin Oshin, or ysr masts cut awa tao keep them frae pokin' a hole in the sky. I tell yer it's no' true, no' a word o''t, an' even if it wis, whit is 't tie a dark winter' nicht on the canal, wi' the wind howlin's past ye lugs like a hunner circular saws, an' the dashed auld boree jibbin' at every seventh step F I've seen the waters roarin' ower the nine locks ahoon Q-rangemootb, wi' a thunner 'at wad ding ye silly, and a' the time the oaths an' curses o' the Kapting ringin' high ower the storm, yellin' at me tao make the auld horse gang. Te needna' tell us aboot bein' oot o' sight o' land fur days an' weeks : I've seen us fur months an' months no' gettin' a glimpse o' either sea or land, nor o' a heed o' cabbage, or a neep ; an' a' the time the boat plungin' on into the suburbs o' GUesca. Whit d' yri think o' that?" he would ask, triumphantly ; and the "bluffed " old mariner would reply that he "thought my uncle was a fool, as also a bit of a liar, and a man as was only good for tellin' yarns to kids." This kind of thing generally resulted in a coolness springing up between them, and I've known the bad feeling to be kept np for a couple of days However, all this is away from the subject, only in so far as it relates to my own know- ledge of aquatice. These were tbe veterans who taught me the " ropes ;" and, this being to, I felt I was well able to direct Peter'on the management of the Mary Ann. He didn't think so, though. He told me to keep quiet, at last; and even hinted that "I didn't know what I was talking about. If I did not shut up, he'd put down the oats, and let me pull myself." " Do so," I said. " Put them down now, and see if I can't use them better 'n you can. If I couldn't make a better fist of them than you, I'd never take them up." | This was a crusher, so he at once laid j them down and changed seats with me. I fell over the thwarts in making the exchange, but that was Peter's malice. He swayed the .boat about when we were moving so bb to make me fall-twice. Then he laughed-a hoarse cynical lough, and so, too, did his wife, but I did not mind that a bit. Picking my- self up, I raised the oars to the ' tos' (man-o' war phraseology) and plunging them into the " oily waves" made the boat bound ahead like a racehorse. That was at the first pull-at the second I caught a couple of lovely " crabs," and retired back ward, head firBt under the forward thwart with the utmost prompti- tude and dispatch. Of course, I saw at once how this had happened. It waBonly another instance of my friend's malice, and he had leaned too heavy on the stern of the skiff and thus swung my part of her high over the waves. I told him this, and without losing my temper a bit, desired him not to lean on her quite so heavily. I was again preparing to " pall away" when I said thit», and he ?topped me to inquire, "how are we to manage about it, like f What'« the procesa by which we minimise our weight?" f, " Enough !" I retorted haughtily, and waving my hand as a sign the interview was closed, "I decline to discuss the problem in any way, and only desire you will conduct yourself like a gentleman." lily closing re- marks were lost in the noise of the rushing waves dashing past our cutwater, for I had again sent her bounding over the wares. Peter and his wife were laughing at me, as I could Bee, bat I did not mind that a little bit; it only served toBhow the kind of manners tbey had. I made about ten good strokes before Peter took a thought to again begin his monkey trick«, but at the eleventh he was once more on tho job and had me at a disadvantage. The result waB another couple of fine healthy " crabs," and when I emerged from nnder the thwart on this occasion I had lost all heart. I put down the oars then and informed him he was no gentleman, and that I was none surprised at discovering the cir- cumstance. I further stated that I had never yet known a " Fifer"-Peter is a native of Fifeshire, in Scotland-who knew how to con- duct himself, and that if the "Fife cows could knit stockings," its people were sadly deficient in the common courtesies of society. That touched him .np as I could see, but he took the oars and said nothing, and I went over and sat by his amiable wife-I only fell once in getting there. She spoke gently to me, and in every way strove tn show that I had her sympathy, and I was not such a brute as to refuse to meet her goodnatured advances. Peter may be what he likes, bat his wife is ' Al,' and I cast the gauntlet down and defy contradiction on that. She began by saying that she had heard I was a great poet-" Was I ?"-and I ultimately admitted that I was, Then she said she was " So glad to have me near her on this beautiful lake. Was it not lovely ? And did not the surroundings awake all the poetry in my soul?" I again acquiesced. " Could I not dash off something for her-something extempore, as it were, on the glorious scenes around us, and give it her in remembrance of this happy hour ?" I Baid I could, and that I would be most happy to oblige her, and my customary good nature being now restored, I took out my notebook and wrote the following : À MOONLIT LAKB. Fair Luna lights the golden strand; Around us frown the forest hills ; Our boat sweeps lightly from the land, To hide where midnight vapour chills ; Yet I will dare all this for thee, The chilly night, this inland sea, The goose that plies the yielding oars, And sweeps us where the breaker roars. All these I'll bear for thy sweet sake, And bless the fate which this decreed ; I'll plunge beneath this winter lake (Merely figurative-a form of speech) If thy least wish requires the deed. Oh lady with the dusky hair, Dost love that yokel sitting there ? (Peter) Say " no," and we will hold his wake Out here upon the moonlit lake. Behold where Belmont's rural scenes Look down upon the silver tide, I'll place you there, my queen of queens, If you will let this duffer slide We'll skim those waves in summer time, When blossoms deck the peach and lime, And when dark winter chills the coast We'll sit and sneer at Peter's ghost. Oh, Luna, hear this vow of mine, By all the beauties th«u can't see, That Peter's nothing but a swine, Who's tried his best to humbug me. Ah, would that I could make his wife Look down on him-or take his life. East sweeps the boat, he does not quake, The moon yet lights Macquarie's Lake. Bweet lady, mind not what I Bay, The coon you love is safe from me. I would not throw myself away, Not even for such a gem as thee. Ob, ain't the Lake sublimely sweet? Hullo, she leaks ; pull up your feet. And hark ! A lonely curlew's note Sweeps o'er the waves towards our boat. I handed this to the lady, and after ahe had read a couple of the venes ehe coughed slightly and shifted her seat away from me a bit. Then she read some more, and shifted further away; but she continued on, aid when she gob to the end she came back and sat beside me, " How sweet -oh ! how pretty and sentimental," she at lengkh guehed, "and how nice of you to write like that." I blushed, but nodded-" Tes." " May I show it to Peter ?" I nodded again, and at the same time possessed myself of the handle of the rudder, so as to be ready for possible emergencies. Peter laid his oars aside and read the verse, but he didn't seem to' get angry in the leas» He read it twice, and then declared it was nice ; " I was better at that," he said, " than pulling a boat. Positively, it was not so bad at all-how much money did I want for the copyright?" "It is not for sale," I replied. " The lines were written for your wife, at her own request, and they are now her own property." This exceeding generosity on my part fairly overwhelmed and silenced the worthy couple, but they looked their deep gratitude at me and at each other. We were now a couple of miles from the shore, and as the hour was growing late our lady passenger consented to our hoisting the sail for a quick run home. I intimated to my kind host and hostess that now the game was all dead drowned, as a matter of fact-I would, have to bring my visit to a close. " I believe I shall go home to-morrow, my good friends," I announced. "As I do not wish to over-stay my welcome, and as there are no more of those ducks to drow-to Bhoot-I would only be losing my time and wearying you." Then i Peter and his wife got to their feet as one ¡ man and entered a solemn protest against my proposal. They declared it was not to be entertained for an instant, and I would not be allowed to go away before Monday at the very earliest. " Did I want to insult them-or what ?" " I did not," I assured them, and neither did I vrißh to have the boat capsized. If they would kindly resume their seats, we would talk the matter over more comfort- ably, and with a greuter'degree of safety. They sat down then, and Peter hastily ran over the many possibilities that yet remained for sport. " Ton know," he reminded, " we have heard nothing of that curlew I told you of, and, even should that fail us, we can still take a piratical cruise over to Teralba, and have another slap at ' Old Tommy's' ducks." " Look here," I said, " you know nothing about the curlew, except hearing its 'cry,' and that ain't enough to work on. I could not hit its ' cry,'-although, perhaps, you may have some hopeB of being able to drown it and as for ' Old Tommy's' ducks-no, thank you ! Tommy shoots too straight for me by yards, and his ducks are none of my meat." Peter winced at my clever allusion re drown- ing the ' cry' of the curlew, but he did not attempt a retort. We toon after tan into the little creek at Bocky Point, and entered the hospitable dwelling, after enjoying a moBt, delicious evening. I had to give my solemn promise to remain over Sunday, and I am certain had I not done bo I would have awoke on the following morning in irons-so I took the safest conrse and promised to remain. (To be continued.) 