The First Death. THANSr.ATF.I- FltOM THE FRENCH. La Farleda was a littlo village of {our or Ive hundrod inhabitants bptwaen Amiens vnil Abbeville. Bad in Autum, gay in spring lime, olean, silent, atrctobed Along a wide 'road, its houses low, with roafa blaok and . poiclad, surrounded by awampy moadowa ~-»nd crowned by a forest of oaks, it was a siunterpart of all the other villages of .Picardy. Yea, it waa a counterpart, even to tbo coquettish obateau, its walls of redbrick, Hi window eacinga of white (tone, that is slways.part and parcel of a I'iaardian land scape; and that stands a thousand metres, more or less, from the outskirts of those tiny provincial hamlota. ]ji Farlede, at tha moment thin story opens, was in a hubbub of excitera&nt;, for a cemetery, their own individual burying ground, had been achieved at last. Tha Municipal Council, whioh had bo long hoarded the f unda drawn from the taxpayers for the purpose, hat! fiually eosn (is to pur \- chana an ancient field, to wal! it in, and to aouaeorato it to tho well merited repose of the people of the country ; ' and on and alter v November 1; 18—,' hc tho announcement 'mad, ' tha oometery now definitely enclosed would bo ready for the reueplion ot its guests.' Naturally enough, every one gosaippedand jested with his neighbor on the subject o( the ''elect,' who would point out tha road to his . compatriots, but tho hubbub increased to a .^positive riot when simultaneously with the conalusiun of the aeretnonias that made the nncicnt field a 'Orottsaker,' handbills ap uaarnd on the walls, including the Miire's, to tha following effect : Whereab, being sound of mind and sound i.: I body, I hereby declare that in order to soothe and sweoteu tho last momenta of him r.r of hor who will he the first to inauguiate She now oamstorj', I have plaoed in the bands Dl the Miire of Ija Farlade tho autn of ten ihousand franca, to bo delivered to tho family of tho first inhabitant who departs for Knottier and perhaps better world, on and Rfter thia tho day of opening, November 1, 18—. In witness, whereof, signed nnl sealed by myself, Jean Bitumi.neux, To other worda, tho proprietor of the chateau already described, formerly a Bohe mian of tho attollers of tho Boulevard Glinohy and enriohed by tho doosuse of an aunt who, at tho final moment, had oonsented to siflord him her forgiveness for tho profession he had thOBan, and to loavo him the inheritor of a goodly estate. In tho daya cf hia youth au inoorriyible jjker, ho still at times, as in tho matter o£ thia handbill, indulgad in the aarao propen sity. Tha statement of tho plaoard was true, howover, and in the twinkling of an eya tha news was all over tho village. Groups of paople congregated beforo tha bills to road tor theniBolvoa, while otheramoroincroduloua ran to the Maire to ask for confirmation ot tho same, ' The faat is exactly aa given, ' ho re sponded, promptly ;' there is no mistake about it, The money is in my hands and will bo remain,' ifca., Aj. Tho announcement tb.ua offioially vouched tor, ovpryone joyously returned to his home lj begin at ouoe the calculation of his ohanoe — to tako stock, as it wore, ot those belonging to him, and to estimate their average long evity. It goea without saying that those of V.xa inhabitants fortunate enough to have viiA or very aged relatives wero filled with tauuiph, though, of course, they triumphed ?i -oretly and in silonoe, whilst 'tliu others— tnose whoea familiea wcra Hound and hoalthy — woie forced to comfort themselves with tbo forlorn hopo of an aooidout;, an unrxpooted i:':izure, or insidious draughts of air. ' Suoh and nuoh » one's taking off,' they recalled, 'had been extremely tudden j So and bo'b trifling illneaa fatal ; unlookod for il oaths were always, ocourring,' and those thousand tantalizing pistoloa danced a aura, bond in thoir dreams oven when they full uslesp. A.3 for tho Maire, poor man, life had be ti.ime a burden to him because of IIib hourly liaputationa and avalanoho of queries to which he wan loroed to listen. ?'Must they bo of tho villngo,' they bo t'.nMht hfm anxiously, ' or was it oiiDiaiont to bu a member of lha parish ? Jj;d ohildrun u.mnt, or relatives by marriage, or thooo whom death might tako by violence?'— i|uurios that plainly betrayed tho villagers' uuguiah of mind, and hugely amused tho donator. It id not every day, an you know, thai p^oplo givo up the ghost in villages, and a wbola week paaeed by after tbe opening of lau cemetery, without an ovont of tha kind occurring. Still tho brains of tho people continued to beoveroxeited, tind every one, from baiter to butcher, from curate to hus bandman, laid oft work from time to li.Tio to measure with hia oyo, or oaloulato mentally, tba udditioual gooda or farming ground pur chnsnble with tho money— only the oafss vrero busier than ever. By the end of the wook tho Btoiy of tho handbills had become on old one, but by no means a Una absorbing one, though tho villagers no longer lowered their eyes or v.iiucs when diiousaing thu matter, and openly footed up the oliancoa. Tho family ut a certain Ija 1'oireaux, by oommon oon Hint, had Bottled it that they wore to ha tho loilunate inhoritoro, fjr had thoy not i.mong them, thia family, hi Poirooux au old wreck from Trafalgar, living by foroe of habit Rlono— b wheezy, yellow, dried up old mummy, whom twice a day thoy carried to Un! .loor to bask in the sunshinB, and whoee dr.mir-o had long been expeotod. ' liut sometimes those aged ones live for i vji,' objected a malioioua listener, 'and i'iij onu ehov.-j.no moro Bigna of dying than ii-- Imfl dono for six months past.' 11 All tho anme,' added another, ' it ia tho Uiuily ol h\ t'oiroaux whom tho Maire hna hia oyo upon.' Nevartbelesa, deepita the anguish of desire that had saiaod upon all in the racb for thia money, Li Karlede possessed no assas sin. It was true th.it the ailing ami tho very agod had beoame p. centre of interest to every one in tho family, for thoy would ba able, if . ncoommodaUng, to leave behind them a snug littlo sum, yet no one dreamed of accelerat ing their daparturo. In the households of tbo less happily plaoed the interest waa equally absorbing— h, harah oougu, a laboured breathin&r;, bring. iti3 tbo oar upon tho alert in an inntaut. OougliB and dillljult breathings wero har bingers of inflamraalion ot tho lungs, and inflammation of the lungs, net every ono knaw look its victim quickly. If another one had a red faoa or an indication thoy awaited tipoploxy, and a child who hud boon an invalid from birth, and begun to recover from lli-j moment of tho proclamation, waa cut ( IT with n shilling in the will ot an indignant aunf, whosd heir it had prevoiusl.v bunn, 'i'no ontiro village at tho expiration of thi3 same week was palo and orauuiiiiad. Even thoso wlio had uaoiTed tho loud t-st at this wait injs fur dnad mun'a shoes no longer tlapt trai)i]U)lly ; drunlmrda drunk ttviue a? much ii-i they bad drunk bafora ; tha avariuioua nursed in secret ; whila the sick, on the enn trary, tbo only ones who objected to this fashion ot ringing I ho bell,eoamcd to vie with un&h; other in thi hasta ot their ra oovctr. On tha morning cf the 10th of November, however, a bull, or rather a knell, did ring nut, instead of tho morning Atigolus, and the peupli1, fallinc over eaoh other ia cho dailt iiou9, and railing at fate, precipitated them ecU'ea toward tho church to team wbo had won. Alas, arrivod, there, brcathicos ami parting, it waa only to find that tha beadle ( i a usual), full as a thrush, more dazed than uver from brooding upon tha promises of thu placard, and thinking of nothing but cloatb, had rung without reason. Truly it' was Unto this business should end, or they would nil be aa -u«d cs the beadle. Ah, well, there lived at' this time in I-a Fitiiedo, a poor and unfortunate peasant, the father of two little helpless babieu, and with v/liom nothing had ever Buceseded. Though scarcely past his fortkth year, he had run through every oountry of the world, to return at last, vanquished, to bis native village. He waa a good fellow, gentle, bfiec tionate, dre&my;, aud iueffentivo, but he vras unable Vo gain a living for himself and family in a country where tho struggle with the earth was hard and endless. Ilia slender framo took badly to the labour of the fiQid3, and he possessed no other resource?. Misery and want tmcompasBcd the household, an'! eaoh evening before the smoking cindera the wife oried in undressing the children, und ho, tortured and cowed by a aense of wcnkneio and failure, writhed in secret. The plaoard of tho pninter Bilumoncu: had made upon hid, as upon tbe re«t of them, a deep impression. Nay, moro than that.it had given him an idea. What if ha should be the one to leave ten thousand frauos to his wretched family? It would lift them above want for ever j they would bo able with the money to purchase at Abbe ville, perhaps, a haberdashery — psrhnps u more pretentious shop. His wife was intel ligent, industrious-uhe would surely prosper at the business. He saw them already, these deprived ones, secure of the ncoieaaries he hau been unable to aivj them, the boy later on employed in a bank, the girl married to a c'ommiaflairp. That cvsning he embraced them and held them upon hia breant longer than ueual, mur muring as he wetched them laid upon their 6canty straw. ' I will do it— I muet do it : it ia my duty I' The idea that had ooma to him with the reading ot the plaoard, and born of mieery and fihamo, was suicide. For him it wae tbe rehabilitation of all his dienstroUB enter prise?, tbe atonement for tho aorrow that he had brought upon his family. But, oh, tho agony of parting from these beings so ten derly loved, whose welfare and happiness he could secure at last, but secure only 'by one means. Ho went out to walk for a while in tho. embrowned flolds, tho yellowed forest, but the ruatling of the dead leaves that his foot puahod aside. Bounded to h'rn like the met liug of a shroud ; eoba burst from bis nn guiahed breast as he regarded the wide heavens, tho valley lull ot Bhadows, and the littlo villagothat held his all. l''or a loug timo he hesitated. Pcrhnpd ohanoe would deliver him— perhaps it would not bo necessary to tako his life in order that thoy might live, that they might have fire upon tbo darkened hearthstone, and bread in the ompty cupboard. Lonfj ago hn had t&enred; himself by talkiiiK with a neighbor, wbo had questioned tho M:iirc. that euicidca would oount in this funeral play. Ot course ho must kill hiraeeif — to wnit longer was to permit tha chance that ns yot was hia, to bo grasped by another, lie took hia gun, climbed the hillside that overlooked tho vil lage, and fixed his eyeu upon the dilapidated roof that did not even shelter hia wito and little once. Tho next morning, when they found hia body — a wood- putter paaEing through the forest had soon it, and spread tho ncva — tbo crowds cursed it, and threw etonca ut the corpse ottho poor hero. The women Bought to apit in his face, the Town Council Knelt watted upon M, liitumoneux to demand of him that the money ahould not bo paid to the family of fuioh a trickster. Tho painter rasponded by adding ten thousand moro to tho first ten thousand, and charging himself for ever iitlcr with tho oaio ot tho widow and her ohiklrcn. ' It waa my fault,' ho told himself, deeply moved by the tragedy—' my lault, and but f&r; mo the thing would never have hap pened.' The Muiro alono and tho gendarmes, whom it had boon neoi-ssary to call upon bolero tho body of tbe inartyr could bo laid in tho ground, followed is to i!n last retting place, and that samo day 'tbo old wreck f«om Trafalgar' and two bo^ido him passed lo their lunt aooount. Tho memory of tho suioidfl ia etill curood throughout tbo whole of Picardy, and upon hia tomb one raad3 the inscription (cut thoro by a cunning but eaoiiligioHa hand during the darkuoaa of the night attcr the inter ment). Tho ditoh of tho thief. 