, A Grim GhostStory. ' -. - This is not a snake-yarn, which is to say that what we are about to relate is a strictly veracious account of what was seen iu George-street, Windsor, on Saturday night last-or rather, early on Sunday tnórning by two belated residents,--as told to us by one of them in. strict confidence, (and we hope that all who read this will respect the confidence that has been reposed in us). Snake-yarns have been so thoroughly washed out, and so many double-dyed putjjurícs have bee» coniruitted on their account, that all the lies ever invented have huconie exhausted, and we hardly expect to drop across anything fresh or original in the wuy of enake-títories till we get deliverance «t the hand« of A second Tom Penner« iyiaiíÉÉÉ#i>:^ Ghosts don't usually promenade along the sidewalks of respectable towns like Windsor ; the orthodox ghost hovers among the tombs and sepulchres, or perches on church-yard fences, and occasionally they have been known to hatwt; lonely roadways,-but, according tb our informant, two spirits were seen in George- street on the morning in question, when all was dark and dismal. Whether he and his bosom Mend, had seen spirits -of another kind during the night, deponent sayeth not, bat hem is the story as told to u£Q4jbout twenty minutes or half-past 2 on Sunday morning, they were proceeding home from the direction of the Railway-Btation. When opposite Mr. Mortiey's shop, their attention was arrested by the sudden appearance of two tall spectral figures, apparently those of females, clad alike in habiliments of white. Each wore a dark malftte, which WB caught up and carried rearwards hy the breeze. The ghostly fornis^rwv«U«d -qtuckly-in the «ame direction as the two benighted pedestrians» and the latter quickened their steps to keep up with them. They ¿lided through the air noiselessly* but tibe rustle of their drapery could be distinctly heard. Passing the A.J.S. Bank and Mr.. Frazer's shop» the forms beöatne mora gainly visible, for they towered over the palisading of Mr. Dillow's yard. And it was here that the two solitary witnesses of this «ceñe deter mined to accost the .supposed females and explore the mystery, but fis they approached the spot they witnessed a scene which caused their matted locks to fly asunder, and "to stand on end like quills upon the fretful porcupine," whilst the temperature of their blood was suggestive of ice-bergs, for even whilst they ^aaed upon the spectres they vanished suddenly and mysteriously, without leaving track or trace behind. We have the assurance of our narrator that there was very little of superstition in his composition, but now he is free to confess that, until this mystery has been solved to his complete satisfaction, lus scepticism will have received a rude shock, and bis faith in the nocturnal vMts ot ttie spirits of the departed will henceforward be strengthened tenfold. 