H "GüiSlBORA.'-itv HORRIBLE . .f F ¡¡ SPECTRE. V, [WiiiTTKX fbit Tiiii CX\Nr>.K.S'JS'.ixiiii/ticr.],"^ GuMiioii.v is tin' name ol' ii " horrible specti-e" of tin1 aborigines nf thi> North Const, of Now South Willi'«. Tn Uic pci-soiiiHcatinii of " Giunbora," ainu called " devil-devil" is con- centrated the,whole Mythology «nil Theoso- phy ofthe hincks of oin-districts. The émiii try in these parts is-unlike other Australian districts whereby desert plains Um blacks might, appear to'be forced to migration-so beautiful mid fertile, overtriiiwii in most,(mri* with douse jungle (scrub) mill thereby made almost impenetrable, a country tlmt seems so inviting to settlements, yet still, these rest- less wandei-ors possess not tb« slightest desire for a ill-finite birnie in any particular place Tbe well-known kanakas, tbe aborigines of the far extended region of the islands of the Southern Pacific arespleiiilid.swiinniers, boat- . builders and navigators, aa their surround- | ing clement, forces educate them for this. , Tile Papuans of New Guiñen, eloselyfenceil in j and encircled by impenetrable swampy i jungle, rilled with tbe gigantic thorny sago palms, dense and craggy coral mountains mid steep nicky ravines, nuiiinL enjoy much of the wandering life like that of oui- Austral negroes. Tbe Papuan» bave to stay in the spot where they are born, and an? forced by sheer necessity to diligently and laboriously cultivate the land. They congregate in vil- lages ; and there build snug homely little huts which they fill with neatly and artistically constructed and carved household furniture and tools. As the island kanaka depends on his canoe and adorns it, so the Papuan of the New Guinea continent, with almost tender care mid unremitting diligence improves and decorates bis homo as if it were a part of himself. | Not so with our Australian negro. He is a wild bunter and wanderer, and not even in those ('oust lands of New South Willen, which mu unsurpassed by any in the world for beauty, fertility anil love'liness of climate, cnn ; bo bo induciil to abandon his inherited vagrancy, mid to lead the homely lifo of ti settler of tile soil. Although the fever of restlessness appenrs to hu thu lot of thu greater part nf Australian natives, and-I am sony to any does not con- fine itself to the black ones, for-as we all know-there are a vast mininer of white Aus- tralians, who by care, haili work, ami bettor wages than are to he earned in other couti tries, contrive to collect anil save ninney for no other reason than to get rid of it hy a. sudden impulse, to wander, sometimes to tho cities or loreign parts, Imf oftener to the nearest public house. I will not go so far to attempt to prove if this moro or less damag- ing Australian inclination for useless travel- ling is the consequence of tho peculiarity of the climate or soil of Australia. It may lie caused hy thu different employment of labor for certain seasons, or the custom of hiring servants with short notice of leave. But altogether,' it is an indisputable fact that tho repeatedly breaking 'up and rebuilding of homes causes a damaging influence to our population, perhaps as great ns the vice of intoxicating drinks ; or moro forcibly speak- ing, the custom of " shouting" and having it " good spree" at the public house. 1 will not go so far to prove these facts ; but only state that this useless wandering is just as damag- ing to our white os to our black Australian countrymen l but I will come back to the theme ol' this article, the Gimibnra. lt is a peculiarity of our Australian negroes, that they, after sunset, and especially in dark nights, show great fear. They are then not so very frightened of snakes, dingoes or other real objects of fear; but ol' a self created imaginable1 object .or : "horrible spectre," called "Gunibora." It is always a special,interest to mu,to listen to these supernatural " spectre'' deserip ¡tionsbl' tribes, ol' whatever color, country'or : intellectual standard ¡ .and,I, did not neglect .to gather amongst tho "Aborigine's'of ninny purls of Australia, of different ages and sexes.. '?the'lipnoiirahci', customs"und'p;encriil behavi- our ol tho Gumhoras, Huuyips and Devil devils, j As our aborigines are incorrigible vagrants (similar to.the gipsies of,Europe),.they haye ¡tho smallest1 possible anioinit-ot .tools, And the, ¡most houses m the world,' and tiley enjoy thé' liiiost abiindnnt-,use .of,-tihat motto^of sago ¡Diogeneé'ó/'/ih¡it 'Viü'tt¡ iiicciiih piíttÓ. ¡f It fact ¡they live almost entirely by hunting and flsli ;ingi using next to no tools ; buta large num- ber of dogs (cross-breeds between greyhounds, terriers and dingoes). "Wherever they "sit down" or pitch'their'burk humpies (in the South called wurlies or niia-inias), they rapidly set to work to kill, and eat, or scare away all the kangaroo, wallaby, piiddy melons, bandicoots, shakes, lizards, bash-fishes etc., and then travel on to fresh "herds and pastures new." All the gathered utensils, useless on the journoy, are burned bofo; o breaking up camp, and'in duck fashion, or in Indian hie they wander away.- Old men Uko to go as'guidcs ahead, closely followed by the heavily burdened women, with tho picaiiin nies iii the middle of tho train, and tho king ¡or chief ol'the tribe or family follows in the rear, overlooking all before him. On a now .suitable camping place being found; tho ' " humpies" are again repeatedly erected, and, as soon as darkness sets in the whole caravan rest around tho bright camp lire. Nob only tho bigger and hardier ones, hut also the smallest of the picaiiinnius, who can only 'move by, crawling, have the desire and repea- tedly endeavour i tó. ¡leiiVo the: light, ol' the campfire and explore the dark unknown. As .soon as the babies can croep. tho black mothers are in constant dread that the little ones might leave tho Uro, get lost iii the bush, and hoconie a ]>ii;y to tnt» tlmgoes. To prevent tins they found out fi ,vury, simj^lts und eill cient remedy:-TEHUOII. Thu black mothers tidl their little ones, und these telhme another: In tile "great dark," beyond thu camp-ilre light, lurks the (jii nihtira, a desperate ghastly Hpeetre. The gumboras only exist in th« (lurk, and commit tile most horrid deeds to men ; but they cannot ennui near the bright ii rel it circle round tho cami). These black' mothers explain to their ignorant littlo children not tho'true reasons ol'tho danger. The nmch 'occupied black women have of course neither time nor would this have such sure effect as this talo of horror, lt is only for the good and security of the littlo ones, that the horrible " ginnbora spectre" story is invented, anil this story is so desperately and often related, that tho mothers at last believe in tile existence of real gnniboras, and feel 'quito happy in this faith* so much morn so because m their infancy, they were told the same stories hy their own well-meaning parents, and so it goes on for generations. Tile fact is, that in these parts not only tho black children and women, but also grey luurod old people swear to the existence of gumboras, and tell stories about them with such earnestness and confidence that even 'white, people, men of inature age interest thoinsolvessu deeplyhisuperiiatm'nl thoughts of nightly spectres mid gumboras, that they, especially in certain parts of tho wild bush will never go alone in the dark, and will give you most earnest and: vivid descriptions of phantoms, ghosts or spectres, which they have seen and heard. AVe learn how in some parts of India, especially on the island of .lava, tho fear of' the terrible royal tiger, and the description of tho ravages of this beast of proy does more damage against the settlement of rich and fort lo lands, than the real tlmmifie caused by tho tigers themselves. It is also explained by the same cause (fear) that the damage done by thu spread of the nonsensical foolish spectre stories, however, kind mid amusing may bo tho intention of. the .inventor ana relator. In this instance imagination is as bad fis a pestilence. i It is a great consolation to known that as ti rule the greatest part of uur Australian white 'population have a mind so above superstition, that such old senseless horrible cobwell stories illili ho lei-tile soil to remain, in spite of the ^endeavour of many of bur newspapers and other literary productions so put betoro their readers, ancient and modern spectre-stories as.truofacts. But as interesting and amusing, liku, tho old stories, of' the Arabian Mights, ¡which ure set down , as fables, and taken ns 'such^aru uv'oii for the inostu'nbeliu.yihg white, ilium, the 'sketühes.'iihd'düöuriptions.'givt'n' by' bur,';blucks"about"their niltjvo^'spectre,gum-, bora,' and nii'harm will it'do"to miy sensible' ¡man to listen to them. ' '; ,J" a" " Sometimes the listener, unintentionally arrives at the conclusion, that at thc bottom of "such diwrlptions: perhaps iiiiaht exist, in reality, nh :extinbt' monkey shaped wild animal.of th«* size' of » niau, ns it is nearly always rtescrilHMl :-" Far, far in tho interior of the'eountry in tho mitist of thu thieltly timbered moiintnins live many gumhoras, old men and Kins, and plenty of irnmliora pica uiuiiies. Him Kot plenty hair and wu quick up tree all sivuie hear, big nil sumo white fellow." It is said that, some time ago, caused hy vivid gunibnra descriptions, even in scientific circles the opinion grew, that there might in the remotest jungle of tho mountain ranges of the North Coast of Now South Wales and Queensland, exist some Chimpanzee shaped monkey trihi', but to nil possibilities such opinions must all have fallen through for the three following reasons :-1. In spite of high rewards, neither a living nora dead gumliora is brought to any of our museums. 2. Never has any living man seen a gunibnra track, or any skeleton, bone or remainder of one. 3. There, are no fruits iu_ the Australian hush, even in the most fertile parts of the forests of Now South 'Wall's or Queensland, in which an animal of the monkey tribe in the size of a luau would exist, as m India, Africa or South America. Tile gumbora phantasy might have origina- ted in another way. Very old blacks sketch the spectre as the terriiied imagination of blacks, who, in olden times, came across: or saw for the drat tinie a white man. Hu runs away in terror, and gives his mates a descrip- tion of this horrible object :-" Face all snnie ashes-plenty big follow hair all over fuce, etc., etc." Such sketches and descriptions of white mon seen the first t ime by blacks might have circulated, and, enlarged hy terror, assumed tho horrible caricature of gumbora, hy which careful and frightened mothers kept their children in tho camp, and those stones were perhaps kept alive through generations up to our present time, when the few poor remain- ing blacks seo white people every day with , out tho slightest anxiety, fear or'horror. (Joli s iiiii'bour. 