GBEGOR WILLOX; OR, THE MAGIC BEXDLE. The subject of our sketch lakes os back to a period when witches, warlocks, and other kindred spirits were firmly believed in by the majority of the people of Scotland. No story of the malevolent power of these evil disposed persons, however preposter ous it might be. but was regarded as 0\. gospel .truth. Kelpies, ghosts, wraiths, &c.;, were also believed in by these our credulous forefathers. At fL period a little prior to the time of which we write the civic dignitaries had the power to duck (which as often &s; not meant to drown) persons sus pected of practising the heinous crime of witchcraft, and to burn the said persons should they be found guilty. The time, however, came when, more enligliteued legislators brought for ward the pernicious habit of punishing witches in its true colors, and hence forth the edict that a witch should not be allowed to live became a dead letter jn the Scottish law. This change in the law naturally brought forth a storm of opposition from the unen lightened of the Scottish peasantry, who now saw themselves placed at the mercy of hordes of witches, warlocks, and other malevolent epiriis, and denied the means of redress. Certain of the ciergy also went the length of affirming that sueh a law was entirely contrary to Scripture, and quoted the conduct of Saul in support of their argument. All attempts at repeal were, however, futile, and the Btatute still remains in force. But this now brings us into contact with Gregor Willos. Gregor Willos was born in Corgarf, I Aberdeenshire, but his subsequent j fame spread far beyond the boundaries of that small Highland district. In his early manhood he took a fancy for the veterinary art, and so successfully did he prosecute his studies that he soon acquired considerable skill, and his services were much sought by those in his immediate neighborhood. Gregor was a man vastly ahead of the age in which he lived, albeit there was a slight infusion of the rogue in his composition. No sooner did he hear of the enactment' of the above jaw than it occurred to him that he might made it a means of bettering his position. Shrewd and calculating, quick-wilted far-seeing, gauging to a nicety the credulity of the people, gregor immediately commenced cogi tating on a plan that presented itself to him, Qis skill as a veterinarian was such as would give him a wide reputation could he but prove that he derived his skill from supernatural agencies, instead of from his own researches and study. He wan well aware of the fact that if any animal was seized with a disease unknown to its owner the animal was at once pro nounced " witch" and suffering from the baleful influence of the " evil eye." Gregor knew that he was master of the greater numbor of maladies classi fied under that denomination, and could he but become possessed of some charm or spell by which he could profess to effect a **ure his reputation would be increased an hundredfold more than if he acknowledged the cure to be wrought by ordinary means. But how to become possessed of a charm, or to feasibly account for pos session, was the problem that puzzled Gregor. While going about his ordin ary duties one day he came upon an old, disused bridle which, judging from its antique make and the mould by which it was covered, must have done duty for a departed generation. Gregor knew that the whole, or almost the whole, Ol the people believed in the existence of a kelpie, who in the form of ahorse sought to decoy the un«arv into mounting upon his back. He then straightway plunged into the water with them, when they were drowned or killed by theirhellish steed. Might he not by a carefully concocted story make these credulous people believe that he had wrested this ancient looking bridle from a kelpie ? The idea was at all events worth carrying out, and, after being away on a rather prolonged journey, he returned home with a bridle, which he had thoroughly cleaned, and told the following extra Ordinary story : A Corgarf farmer having removed to Donside had a cow seized with a mysterious malady which baffled the skill of ail the local practitioners. Calling to mind the celebrity as a veterinarian which Gregor Willos enjoyed throughout Corgarf, ' the farmer despatched his son to summon his assistance. Always ready to render service where it was required Gregor at once set out, and in due course reached the farm where the cow was ailing. He administered certain reme dies to the distressed animal, waited to see tbfiir operation, and having pro nounced her out of danger, departed on his homeward journey. Nothing worthy of note happened to Gregor until he reached a tributary of the Don which he must needs cross. But during his stay at the farm heavy rains had fallen, and the stream before him was swollen to unusual dimensions. Bridge there was none, the usual means of passage being either by a ford or large stones rolled into the stream at regular distances from each other, between which pedestrians could leap. The entrance to the ford was, however, entirely covered by water, and the stepping-stones were only distinguished by a white ciest of foam, as the water lashing over them fretted at the resistance they offered. Qregor could swim a stroke, sad even if he could it is doubtful if he would have ventured into the inky waters, whose angry swish gave tokeu of their vast strength. The spot he now stood at was miles from the nearest habitation. and night was fast approaching. "Without any definite purpose, Gregor walked slowly up the side of the stream meditating what i course it were best to pursue. Im mediately in front of him was a sharp bend in the stream, and on turning this he observed a large herd of rolls gallop off at top speed as if frightened at his presence. The herd scattered in all directions, and one of the largest made directly to the spot where Gregor stood. As ifc approached nearer Gregor saw there was a bridle on its head, and he I instantly resolved to attempt its capture, If it held on its present course it would ; pass close by him ; and, bracing every i muscle he awaited its approach. Straight as an arrow it came, and when it was immediately opposite him Gregor dashed forward, caught it by the bridle, and after a brief struggle : reduced it to perfect obedience. Con gratulating himself on his good fortune and dexterity, Gregor surveyed his prize. A beautiful animal it was, in deed, as it stood with arched neck and distended nostrils proudly pawing the I ground. Gregor was a good judge of horseflesh, and he gazed in admiration on its symmetrical proportions and sleek and glosBy coat of black-so black that not a white hair was visible. .' My bonnie beast," he said to himself, " ve've gi'en yer master the' slip, an' come awa' wi' his bridle; but if ye tak' me to the ither side o' the watter I'll redd ye o' the bridle, an1 yer maister'll nae be a plack the poorer, for sic a ramshackle piece o' harness is hardly worth the carryin'." Thus soliloquising Gregor retraced his steps to the vicinity of the ford, and after mounting his steed turned it into the water as near as he could judge at the place of passage. "The watter'll maybe be gey deep for ye at mid stream," thought Gregor, "but a strong spirii v beast like you winna be in great strait to soom a bittie." The colt took to the water quite willingly, but ere he had gone the length of him self from the side, his rider would have gladly given all his earthly possessions to be safely on the bank. A tremor seemed to pass tin ough the colt, and at the same time there rushed to Gregor's mind recollections which had previously evaded his memory. The stream in which he now was was the reputed haunt of a kelpie, famed for the number of lives he had taken by luring the unwary to attempt the passage of the stream on Ins back. Gregor had no doubt but that he was now on the back of that very kelpie. Nay morel to place his identification beyond doubt, it was said that forsome transgression against his Satanic Majesty he was doomed to wear a bridle. If or was this the full extent of bis punishment, for-so ran the infernal decree-if mortal suc ceeded in securing the bridle the kelpie's earthly eareer would there and then terminate, and, as a reward for his valour, any reasonable power that the person who succeeded in winning the bridle might desire would be granted him. Gregor and hie infernal steed were by this time in mid-stream, and the aclions of the latter, who was nowswimming, showed plainly his desire to unseat his rider. He plunged and dived in the treacher ous waters, beating them into foam ?with his feet. One stroke of those vindictive hoofs, and the water would close for ever upon the hapless Gregor. But the undaunted rider kept his seat and at every fresh struggle felt the bvidle slowly but surely slipping off the steed's head. Doubtless the fiend would have had recourse to the changing of his shape, like his immor- j tal prototype in his terrific encounter I with the valiant John o' Arnha', but to attempt such a process was to leave the magic bridle in the hands of his enemy." With a last desperate effort, the kelpie threw himself backwards ; in hopes that he might fall above Gregor, and either hold him down until he was drowned or make him relinquish his seat. But the moment Kelpie commenced to rear himself up, Gregor, pressing his knees firmlv against the sides of his steed, seized the bridle with both hands, and bv a dexterous movement jerked it clear of the monster's head. Uttering j a wild shriek of pain, which to Gregor's ears seemed mingled with fiendish laughter, Kelpie floated a few yards down the stream, and vanished in a flame of pale blue color. Gregor, who now found himself in comparatively shallow water, waded to the side with the magic bridle in his hand, and reached home without further mishap. Such was the gist of the story Gregor told the credulous people of Corgarf-a story which at the present day would have cast grave doubts upon the sanity of the narrator. The story spread like wildfire, and Gregor soon fouud that his most sanguine expectations were even more than realised. The demand for his services increased by leaps and bounds, and as his reputation increased so also did his charge for these services. Throughout large areas of Aberdeen, Perth, and Forfarshire, Gregor's services were always in requisition when a case of " evil eve " occurred. When witches cast their malevolent spells upon goods or animals the assistance of the maeic bridle had to be obtained before they could be removed. Even when thieves of more than ordinary cunning baffled all attempts at discovery, the cele brated Cor«rarf witch doctor had to bring the delinquent to jus tic?, A case in which the detective services of Willox came to a successful termina tion (as they generally did) we will now narrate, as it serves to show the shrewd, calculating nature o£ Gregor, and the hold that the dread of super natural agencies then had upon the vulgar mind. For a considerable period the occupier of the Spittal of Glenshee had been annoyed by a series of petty thefts, and despite all his efforts the thief remained undetected. As a last resource the man sent for Gregor Willox. In due time that dread functionary arrived and commenced his investigations. The articles stolen were of little value, but could be easily disposed of, and that fact, together with the various items of information that he managed to pick up, convinced Gregor that the thief must be intimately acquainted with the pre mises, and in all probability one o£ the servants. Willox gave orders that the barn should be cleared of every thing in it, and that a pot in daily use should be hung from the rafters that composed the roof. This being done, he next captured the " midden " cook, iind ordered everyone on the premises of ten years old and upwards to appear in the barn if they expected to thrive thereafter. The household needed no ! second bidding, but proceeded en masse to the bfrn, where Gregor and the cock preceded them. Putting the cock through various manipulations, ! the great witch-doctor placed him in the [ pot, and putting on the lid, thus addressed the wondering audience : As you all know, a series of thefts has been committed here, which it is now my intention to put a stop to. You are also doubtless aware that I have the Deil's Bridle, and having that, I can through its agency find out who serve the Deil, as I am about to do in the present instance. You are also aware that the cock has proved instru mental in reproving wickedness, for all Christendom know that the cock crew when Peter denied his Master. I do not know whether or not the thief is in the present company-I hope not-but with the assistance of the Magic Bridle and the charmed cock, which you have just seen me put into that pot, 1 am about to find out; but before commencing I must have every ray of light shut out. Having shut up doors and windows, thus reducing the light within the barn to a deep gloom, he again commenced. " Every one of you must now in turn place your hand upon the pot, and make a complete circuit, walking in a direction opposite to that taken by the sun, nor removing your hand until the circuit is completed ; and so sure as the cock crew when Peter denied his Master, so will he again crow when the thief's hand touches the pot." The master was the first to go through the ordeal. After him came the members of his family; then the servants and other parties at times employed on the premises. One by one the assembled concourse approached the suspended pot and described the circle, but still the cock crew not. " Strange," ejaculated the wizard, after all had been done as desired. " The thief is evidently not here, but I shall try yet another test." Having opened all the doors and windows, and thus admitted as much light as possible, he ordered all within the barn to arrange themselves in a row and hold up their hands. Stand ing a few paces in front of the newly, formed line, Gregor scrutinised its individual members, and then going up to one of the servants, accused him as the thief. The man tremblingly admitted his guilt, and pleaded for mercy. His master was not inclined to be severe, providing he made what restitution was 1*11 his power. This he was only too glad to do. He delivered up all the stolen goods in his posses sion, and for fear of being sub jected'to ! supernatural punishment, premised Gregor to live an honest life ever afterwards. How did Willox discover the thief? is the question that now presents itself to us. Certainly by no super | natural means. So strong was the belief in the unseen world that none present doubted for an instant but that the moment the thief's hand I touched the pot the cock would crow, which, owing to its uncomfortable position, Gregor knew to be extremely improbable. The natural cunning of the thief told him that his only chance of escape lay in avoiding coming in contact with the pot. Aided by the gloom, he therefore walked round the pot as the others did, but never allowed-his hand ' to touch it. Gregor had calculated on this, and when the light was admitted he easily detected the thief by the absence of black on his hand, all the innocent persons having touched the pot, which, having been in daily use, imparted some of its grimy covering to whatever came in contact with it. Thus Gregor found out the thief, and added further to his reputation, as there was not one present but believed that had the thief touched the pot the cock would have crowed. Gregor's services were also had in I requisition in. Glenisla, but in a ! different case. A farmer there found ! that his stock dwindled without any apparent cause. His cattle had a " misthriven" look, turned lean, pined for several weeks, and ultimately died. His horses, though not affected to the same extent, were less spirited than usual, and subject to frequent' teenges-' Even the gudewife's hens were affected her hitherto regular supply ot eggs became irregular, and latterly stopped altogether. It was a clear case of j witchcraft, and after due deliberation Willox was eent for. That worthy had now grown fairly opulent, and refused to leave his domicile unless a conveyance was sent for him. Gregor's object in this was twofold, as he could generally extract valuable information from the man sent with the conveyance. Arrived at the farm he carefully examined the whole stock and steading. " Tour father died comparatively lately ?" he queried, addressing the j farmer. " Ye?." was the reply. " And you came into possession at his death ?" " Yes." "You have also the same stock that was on the farmat vour"father's death?" " Yes." "Well, I may tell you that your stock is suffering from a malevolent spell, and it is only by selling every hoof and horn, and replacing them by others, that you can break it. Let your byres stand empty a week, and give your new stock a clean entry. If you pay good heed to these particulars your stock will thrive as well as your neighbors." It is recorded that the farmer did as he was advised, and that his stock prospered exceedingly well afterwards. Our credulous forefathers attributed this to the breaking of the spell by Willox. They did not pause to con sider that he had extracted informa tion from the man sent to fetch him, and that he had undoubtedly found the cattle suffering from some infec tious malady, which, by clearing off the stock and cleaning the byres, the farmer himself could have got rid of without the aid of the celebrated witch-doctor. Many more incidents of a similar nature could be recorded of the cele brated Willox. We have, however, given the reader fair examples of Gregor'g doings, and will now con clude by narrating the ultimate fate of the magic bridle. During the whole of his lifetime after his imaginary conflict with the kelpie, Gregor kept possession of the bridle which had proved the source of his fame and fortune. At his death the bridle came into the possession of his daughter Margaret, or, as she was popularly called "Meg," Willox. This woman was an old maid, and had a somewhat crusty temper. She took up her abode in the vicinity of an Aberdeenshire town, where she had frequent differences of opinion with her.female neighbors. The fame of her father had to a certain extent devolved upon her, and as she was known to possess the magic bridle, she was regarded with a feeling of awe. One of Meg's neighbors was a poor widow with a large family, whose principal means of support was a cow that grazed upon the few acres that constituted her holdings. With this woman Meg had on one occasion a violent quarrel, and so heated did the controversy become that the widow forgot to recognise in her opponent the daughter of the feared and dreaded Gregor Willox. Herforgetfulness was ofshortduration. Meg, incensed beyond measure at the unwonted opposition, rushed into her house, seized the magic bridle, and shaking it in her opponent's face vindictively exclaimed, " My leddy, ye'll rue this yet!" This put a stop to the squabble. The widow returned to her bouse with woe , begone countenance and saddened heart to await the dread result of her rash quarrel with one reputed to have "dealin's wi' the deil." Nor had she | long to wait. A few days after, her cow took ill and died. A worse calamity could scarcely have befallen her. The cow was her princi pal support, and she had no money to provide another. Several of the more benevolent and well-to do, however, came to the rescue and collected money sufficient to buy another cow. Wlien the money was offered her she told the caase of her misfortune, and declared that she would never allow a cow to be bought her as long as Meg Willox kept pos session of the magic bridle. Public indignation was roused against Meg. The case was laid before the legal functionaries of the neighboring town, and one of the civic dignitaries, repairing to the dwelling of Meg, compelled her, much against her will, to deliver to him the celebrated bridle. .This was the last occasion on which that famous article played an impor tant part. After leaving Meg's hands it was never more heard of, for what the civic powers of the Aberdeenshire town did with it is not recorded. Pity it is that such an article was lost, as it would now be regarded as a relic of rare antiquity, and many would now look upon it with curiosity whose forefathers could not even mention without feelings of awe the name of the MAGIC BRIDLE, Glasgow Weekly Mail. 