MUNICIPAL NEWS.: . St. Kilda City Council. Monday, 28th Masoh. Present.— The Mayor (B., Marriott, Esq.), and Ore. Jacoby, Kellyj Moore, O' DonneU, Btedeford, and Turner. Cb. JBANB.— Cr. Kelly apologised for the absence of Cr. Jeans, who be was pleased to say was making rapid progress towards recovery, and hoped to be about aeain in a fortnight's time. Payment of Mbmbrbs. — A circular was read from the Coburg council suggest-' ing that tbe members of the Metropolitan Board , of Works receive payment. Cr. Stedeford moved 'That the St. Kilda coun cil entirely disagrees with the proposal.' Cr. Turner, in seconding the motion, said that when tbe Bill was before the Houbc be had suggested that -the members of tbe board be paid, bnt there was a very strong feeling in the House against it, and the proposal was lost by 71 votes to 9. The suggestion was to remunerate the members to the extent of £1 per sitting. He (Cr. Turner) was now of opinion that tbe ma jority were right, because if the councils paid members on that board the same principle should be extended in other direc tions. Cr. Moore, as one of the council's representatives on the board, aaid be did not want remuneration. Tbe board had done very well in floating the £500,000 loan, and.he was proud to have had a voice in that matter. He referred at some length to the beneficial effects tbe floating of this loan bad wrought. Cr. Jacoby also spoke in tbe same strain, and Cr. O'Dopnell said there was no doubt the success of tbe loan had done a great deal towards helping the credit of the country. The motion was then carried. Elstbunwick Improvement Commit* tee. — This organisation wrote complaining of tbe continued devastation going on at the Red Bluff through tbe action of tbe sea, 100 tons having fallen in a few days, and nrged the necessity of a retaining wall. Tbey also complained of the dilapidated condition of tbe fence enclosing the reserve on the Elwood beach. The council are apparently of opinion that the trnstees, in whom tbe reserve in question is vested, should resign in* favor of the council, and consequently it was resolved to send a reply to the Improvement Committee that the council would undertake to .do tbe neces sary work as soon as the trustees gave up the ghost officially and tendered their re signations. Botchers' Union. — This union com plained tbat butchers' shops were kept open ofter 10 o'clock on Saturday even ings, and also that meat was hawked about the city during the day in dirty carts. The matter was referred to the inspector for report. ' Cab League.— ^ The St Kilda Penny Cab League asked for leave to erect the necessary stands. The application was referred to the surveyor, with power to act. T&ams.;— On the motion of Cr. Turner it was resolved to ask the Tramway Company to run trams right through without chang ing from the Village Belle to Melbourne. 'Valuation Grievance.— Cr. Tamer mentioned that it was the intention of tbe Government to introduce a short Bill to amend the Local Government Act in the direction of increasing the minimum valua tion from 8 to 5 per cent. PnivATE Stbbets.— The following ten ders were accepted conditionally upon the ownera contributing their share of the coBt before tbe work is commenced : — Construc- tion of Hotham-grove, Bell -street, and rtaht£-of-wav& north and south of Hotham grove, 6. Willis Bros., £679 Us. 6d. ; right of-way off Pakington-street, . John Pegler, £02 6s. 6d. ; right-of-way off Chaucer-street, Robt Brown, £48 7s. 6d.; right-of-way. off Inkermau-street (Sawyers), W. Giddensi £32 10s.; supply of 1000 onbic. yds. spalls, J. F. Wells, at 4s. per cubic yd. The con etruction of other streets set oat on private property was considered, and the liability of the owners carefully gone into for future consideration in making an apportionment of cost Finance. — Payments were passed amounting to £1141 14s. 6d.j receipts, £1427 18s. lid.; bank balance, city accoant, debit, £7356 3s, 2d. j do., loan Ho. 2, credit, £604 -15s. 5d. ; amount on fixed deposit £20,000 ; bank balance, loan aooount, No. 8, credit, filial €&., 7d. ; . amount on fixed deposit, :£ 18,000. ' ' [This report was unavoidably held over from last issue. J 