The Christian Convention. In addition to the ordinary meetings in con nection with the Christian Convention yesterday there was an early morning prayer meeting, a business man's prayer meeting, and a ladies' prayer meeting, making six gatherings in all, and on each occasion the hall was crowded, while in the evening a special overflow meeting had to be held. The Rev. G. C. Grubb presided throughout the meetings, and delivered three addresses. At the morning session he tepoke on ' Three very good things which took place on the first day of the first month ' in the history of the Israelites, and commented on a number of passages of Scripture. The first thing was ' full deliverance from judg ment' as symbolised by the Flood, which in turn brought to those who were delivered peace, liberty, the desire to worship, and fruitfulness. Speaking of liberty, he casually remarked that -there could have been no liberty in the ark, no room for athletics, and the inhabitants must hare suffered greatly from cramp. The second good thing which happened on ' the first day of the first month' was the setting up of the tabernacle that it might be anointed and filled with the glory of the Holy Ghost. The third event was the' cleansing of the temple (II. Chron., _rvi_. chap., 17 verse) from all that defiled, which was characterised as an Old Testa ment Pentecost. In this connection Mr. Grubb discoursed in favor of the doctrine of ' instant sanctification,' and cited the case of a clergyman who had refused to attend the convention because of his (Mr. Grubb's) adherence to this doctrine. He quoted Acts xv., 9 ; II. Corinth., chap. viL, verse 1 ; James iv., 8 ; and I. Thess., v., 3 ; and declared his belief in ' parfect cleansing and per fect holiness — in the gradual transformation of the bouI in the glory of Jesus Christ, preceded by instantaneous cleansing.' The Rev. J. East-Harrison gave an address on the exodus of the Children of Israel from Egypt and their subsequent passage over the Red Sea as described in Exodus 12th, 13th, and 14th chapters. During the morning session Mr. Grubb took occasion to reprove his hearers for not bringing their Bibles to the. convention. Sydney people, he said, seemed to have a great objection to being seen with their Bibles. He had scarcely been in any place where he had seen so few people with Bibles as in Sydney. At the afternoon session Rev. John Walker de livered an address on II. Timothy, 1, 12, and Mr. Grubb continued his address of the morning, so far as it related to the question of instantaneous sanctification, in consequence of a remark made by a clergyman's daughter, apparently at issue with the preacher in his deductions, to the effect that she would ' like to hear what Mr. Grubb had to say about the 7th of Romans,' wherein St. Paul bewailed his wretchedness as a man. At the evening meeting Mr. Grubb delivered an evangelistic address on the subjeet of the cities of refuge (Joshua xx), his address being couched in very plain terms, which made an evident impression on the audience. He wanted his listeners, he said, to have a full-length portrait of Christ that night. He knew he was speaking to murderers, because God held the whole world guilty of the murder of Jesus Christ. His opinion of the civilisation and education of the nineteenth century was that if they had the chance the people would crucify Jesus over again. If Jesus came to Sydney that day very few of the churches would admit him into their pulpits. Since his arrival in Sydney he found that a large percentage of Christians and a fair percentage of ministers had taken furnished apartments in 'Doubting Castle.' 'I used to live there my self,' he interposed, 'but I stuck up a notice, 'these apartments to let/ and now anybody who wants them can have them, for they are of no use tome.' ; Thd Rev. John Wantsford delivered an ad dress, and moved many of the audience to tears as he recounted the scenes of a great revival meeting in Fiji, at which hundreds of eretwhile cannibals professed conversion. At the close, in response to the chairman's invitation, s. large number of persons stood up as a testimony of having received good during the day's meetings. 