NADA, THE LILY. By H. SIDER. HAGGARD. COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXXIII. THE END OP THU PEOPLE, BLACK AND OBEY. G AI, AZ r rushed through the town crying aloud, and behind him rose the stir of men. All slept and no sentinels were set, for Um slopogaas was so lost in his love for the Lily . that he forgot his wisdom, and thought no . more of war or death or of the hate of Din gaan. Presently the "Wolf came to the large new hut which TJmslopogaas had caused to be built for'Mada tho Lily, and entered it, for there ho knew that he should find Iiis brother Bulalio. On the far side of the hut the twi> lay sleeping, and the head of Um slopogaas rested on the Lily's breast, and by Ins side gleamed the great Axe Groan Maker, ' Awake ! ' cried the Wolf. Now TJmslopogaas sprang to his feet, grasping at his axe, but Nada threw her arms, wide, murmuring: 'Let me sleep on ; sweet IB sleep.' ' Sound shall ye sleep anon 1 ' gasped Galazi, 'Swift, brother, bind on the wolf's bide, take shiold ! Swift, I say-the Slayers of tue King are at your gates.' . Now; Nada sprang up also, and they did his bidding ' like people in a dream ; and while they found : their garments and a shield, Galazi took beer and drank it, and his breath came back to him. They stood without the hut. Now the sky was'grey, and east and west and north and south tongues of flame shot up against tho sky, for the town was fired by the Slayers. TJmslopogaas looked, and his sense came back to him : he understood. 'Which way, brother ?'he said. . ' Through them to our grey people on the mountain,'said Galazi. ' There, if wo can win it, we shall find succour.' ' What of my people in the kraal?'- asked TJmslopogaas. ' They aro not many, brother ; the women and the children are gone. I bave wakened the men-most will escape. Hence, ere we burn.' , Now they ran towards the fence, and as they went mon joined thom to tho number of ten, half awakened, fear- Btriclr.cn, armed some with apeare, some with clubs-arid for the most port naked. They ran togotber towards the fonce of tho town that was now but a ring of fire, TJmslopogaas and Galazi in front, each holding the Lily by a hand. They neared the fence-from without came the Bbouts of the Slayers-lo ! it was afire. Nada shrank back in fear, but TJmslopogaas and Galozi dragged her on. They rushed at the blazing fence, smiting with axe and '. club. It broke before them, they were .'through but little harmed. "Without woro a :knot of tho Slayers, standing back a small ;: pace because of the heat' of tho fire. The ' '' Slayers saw thom, nnd crying, ' This is Bul alio, kill tho wizard 1' sprang towards them with uplifted spears. Now the People of tho Aso mado a ring round Nada, and m the ' "front""of it were TJnialopbgaaa and Galazi. Then1 they rushed on and met those of tho ... ^Slayers,who stood before., them, and. the. ::" : ' Slayers ,were Bwept away and Bc'atteraT by i.< j .'.Groan-maker and the watcher as dust is i swept of a wind; aa grasa ÍB swept by a sickle. '. " ' ' ' Meanwhile,'the Wólf-Brethren and those ¡|>yith them,wera.woll away, and' it had been ioasy. for -them. to.escape,, who, ,wero'the' P'Prir ï1} tlie j arid.. ¡j» But'ihe 1 1 "" 'pace"of1an' luipi' 'iá "the 'pace of its 'slowest footed Boldier, and Nada could not run with tho "Wolf-Brethern. Tet they made good speed, and were half way down the gorgri that led to the river before the companies of the Slayers poured into it. Now they caine to the end of it, and the foe was near-this end of the gorge is narrow, my father, like) the neck of a gourd-then Galazi stopped and spoke :- j "Halt! ye People of the Axe," he saia, "and let us talk awhile with these who follow till we find our breath again. BUB you, my brother, pass the river with the Lilw in your hand. We will join you in tho forest ; but if perchance we cannot find you) know what must be dono ; set the Lily ini the cave, then return and call up the grey impi. Wow ! my brother, I must find you if I may, for if these men of Dingaan have a mind for sport there shall be such a hunt- ing on the Ghost mountain as the Old Witch nas not seen. Go now, my brother !" " It ÍB not my way to turn and run while others Btond and fight," growled TJmBlopo gaas ; " yet, because of Nada, it seems that I must.' ' Oh ! heed me not, my love,' said Nada, ' I have brought the sorrow-I am weary, let me die ; slay me and save yourselves !' For answer, TJmslopagaas took her by the hand and fled towards the river ; but before he reached it he heard the sounds of the fray, the war-cry of the Slayers as they poured upon the People of the Axe, the howl of his brother, the Wolf, when the battle joined-ay, and the crash of the Watcher as the blow went home. ' Well bitten, Wolf 1' he said, stopping ; ' that one shall need no more ; oh ! that I might' But again he looked at Nada, and sped on. Now they had leaped into the foaming river, and here it was well that the Lily could swim, else both had been lost. But they won through and passed forward to the mountain flank. Here they walked on among the trees till the forest was almost passed, and at length Umalopogaas heard the howl- ing of a wolf. Then he must set Nada on his shoulders and carry her as once Q-alazi had carried another, for it was death for any except the "Wolf-Brethren to walk on the Ghost Moun- tain when the wolves were awake. Presently the wolves flocked around him, and leaped upon him in joy, glaring with fierce eyes at her who sat upon his shoulders. Nada saw them, and almost fell from her seat, fainting with fear, for they were many and dreadful, and when they howled her blood turned to leo. At length they came to the knees of the Old "Witch and the entrance of the cave. ' Here you must bide, Bweet,' said TJinslo pogaas when he had driven out the wolves. ' Here you must rest till this little mattor of 'the slayers is finished. Would that we had brought food, but we had little time to seek it! Seo,*now I will show you the secret of tho stone ; tßus far I will push it, no fm'ner. Now a touch onl^ is needed to Jtínd it over the socket and hon.- ; but tben they must be two strong men who t»n.pull it hack again. Therefore push it no farther except in the utmost need, lest it remain where it fall, whether you will it or not. Have no fear, you are safe here ; none know of this place except Galazi, me, and tho wolves, and none shall find it. Now I must be going to find Galazi, if he still lives ; if not, to make what play I can against the Slayers, alone with the wolveB.' Now Nada wept, saying that she feared to be left, and that she should never see him more, and her grief wrung his heart. There she Bat and thought,in the darksome cave, and was filled with fear and sorrow. And while she brooded thus she looked, and in the gloom she saw the sharp nose and grin- ning fangs of a wolf that we thrust towards her through the little hole. Nada cried aloud in fear, and the fangs were snatched back, but presently she heard a scratching without the cave, and saw the stone shake. Then she thought, in her fool I ishness, that.the wolf knew how to open the stone, and that he would do this, and devour her, for she had heard the tale that all these wolves were the ghosts of evil men, having the understanding of men. So, in her fear and folly, she seized the rock and dragged on it as TJmslopogaas had shown her how to do. It shook, it slipped over the socket ledge, and rolled home like a pebble down the mouth of a gourd. 'Now I am safe from the wolves,', said Nada. 'See, I cannot so much as .stir the stone from within, and still less can they do so from without. Yet, it would be ill if TJmslopogaas came back no more to roll away that rock, for then I should bo like one in a grave-as one who is placed in a grave being yet strong and quick.' When TJmslopogaas had shut the cave, he moved swiftly down the mountain, and with him went certain of the wolves ; not all, for he had not summoned them. His heart was heavy, for he feared that Galazi was no more. Also he was mad with rage, and plotted in himself to destroy the slayers of the king, every man of them ¡ but first he must learn what they would do. Presently, as he wended, he heard a long, low howl, far away in the forest; then he rejoiced, for he knew the call-it was tho call of Galazi, who had escaped the spears of the Slayers. Swiftly he ran, calling in answer. He won the place. There, seated on a stone, resting himself, was Galazi, and round him surged ?' the_ Grey, People. .TJmslopogaas came to him and looked at him, for he seemed somewhat weary. There were flesh wounds on his great breast and arms, and the little shield was well-nigh hewn to strips and the Watcher showed signs of war. ' How went it, brother ?' asked TJmslopo- gaas. ' Nono so ill, but all those who stood with me in the way are dead, and with them a few of the foe. I alone am fled like u coward. They came on us thrice, but we held thom back till the Lily was safe ; then, all our men being down, I ran, TJmslopo goas, and swam tho torrent, for I wns minded to die hore in my own place.' , Now, though he said little of it, I must tell you, my father, that Q-alazi had made a great slaughter there in the neck of the donga. Afterwards I counted tho slain, and there were many ; the niuo men of the People of the Ase were hidden in them. : '-Perhaps. it shall be the Slayers who die, brother.' ' Perhaps, at least, there shall bo death for some. Still it is in my mind; Slaughterer, that our brotherhood. comes to an end, for the fate of him who bears the 'Watcher, and which my father foretold, is upon me. If so, farewell. 1 If I fall in' this fray may you yet live on to fight'in'many another, and at the' last ito -die .gloriously with.-.axe ,aloft ; and may you-fina1 a brisker man-; and a; bettor, Watcher,to sorve'ydu'in'your need." Should you fall and I live on, I promise this;: J will avdn'ge'fyou !to the'la'st and jgiiard'.'the Lily [whqmi you lovo? offering her comfort,, but no, moro.: 'Now the foe draws on,' they have' travelled round about, by the ford, for they dared not face the torrent, and they cried to me that they are sworn to slay us or be slain, as Dingaan, the king, commanded. So the fighting will be of the best, if, indeed, they ' do not run before the fangs of the Grey People. Now, chief, speak your word that I may obey it." Thus Galnzi Bpoke in the circle of the wolves, and TJmslopogaas answered, ' AV"ere it not for one in îhe\cave abo^a_ who is helpless and tender, I would swea^H you, "Wolf, that if you fall, on your cat^^Ê I will die ; and I do swear that, should^^H fall, while I live Groan-Maker shall be^^H from year to year till every man of yo^^H impi is as you are. This is my word : we fall upon the men of Dingaan twice,^^H in the glade of the forest, whither they^^H come presently, and, if we are beaten they will stand for the last time o^^H knees of the "Witch in the front of the^^H where Nada is. Say, "Wolf, will the;^^H Polk fight?' 'To the last, brother, so long as'r^^H left to lead them, after that I do not k^^H Still they li ave only fangs to set ag^^H spears. Slaughterer, your plan is ^^^M Come, I am rested.' Then, as once before, the pack was h^^^H and half, the she-wolves, went witp^^f lopogaas, and half, the dog-wolves, ^^^H with Galazi. 