? THE STOUT OF k JEWELLED BELT, D* ]?. E. Quimn. (Jdl» SigMt afjlt'pmieatlon Seimwd,) d u i v r m x v . A DMIJUSION »i»mM!l>. Ojimtku'h ncjtt Hiep wii clear. He had j>h»nty of evidence that ad atroelouli murder hud been committed. Thin it was 111* duty to lay before the police for OonieqMuify, •flir leaving the jeweller's shop he called a oab and ftrore to the office of the Inspootor. GeneWl W Police; WM tllip oflieer lie wai eloieted for ten tidal 1 , during which'he laid before him the infornkfton ho h4d gleaned, At ft rut Hli tSheorie* were received with % polfoi air of incredulity 1 •but ai he •unfolded, llhfc 1 by llhk, (lie chain he had forged together;'the oflioUl took on an ilr of interest, and at last, as Oheiter inHhed, he etclaimpd— "I nee no reason to doubt the eon* eluMon 1 at which you have arrived. It eemi to mo borne'out' by tho evidence, J may tell you thai I have not muoh faith in amateur detcotivei, but you tire ah exception. It is curloui that our men trained to the work of criminal investiga^ tion ihbuld have overlooked the ins- Dieiouk circumstances attaching to this oaie," "Don't you think," said Oheiter, "that 4 good many serioui crimen aro committed, particularly against human life, whioh are nevbr discovered P" "Well," laid the Inspeotor.Gk>neral, •• I don't mind telling you that the clever criminal ha« a Rood ohanoe of rinding detection at the handi of the ordinary detective, But it wouldn't do to tell that to the publio. They mtuht loie confidence, you know, in our abuitiei to protect them." _ "1 ice," said Chester, with a imile. "Now," he went on, rising, " I suppoio 1 m«v l<sare the matter in your handiP" " Entirely, Mr. Oheiter," said the official. " I oan assure you that I will put our beit man on this ea«e, and if the oritne hai been eommitted by an ordinary deiperado we will probably have him before long." "Ah! but," laid Oheiter, "I don't think it wai committed by tuoh a ohiraeter." , « NoP" queried the official. "No," repeated Oheiter. "On the contrary. I have a thoory of my own which I ata going to investigate in my own way. tforhapi it may be eorreot » perhaps not, But wo shall see." • "Well, I with you suoeeii," said the official. " I with we had a few men like you in our force. If ever you need a position I oan assure you of one witu ui." " Thank you," replied Oheiter, drily» " butl don't think Til trouble you." " Good morning I" And Oheiter went out somewhat elated it this admission of his skill made by a police expert. Ai a matter of fact, however, he knew that nothing but common lense and ordinary intelligence had eonduoed to the remarltable remits he hud obtained. , . , . He had, at he had informed the head of the police, already determined upon a course of action calculated to unearth the murdetar of Riohard Jenkins. He had intended to prepare that day for the first ifi'tii *ai nothing less titan a trip to EjiftUnd. What he had in view will i p |T4nnaoito hii hotel, and dined. In the reading-room that night, ai he wm idly glancing over the papers, he caught fight of Marian Leigh. She tamed, aud, taking a teat, began to look it sotos illustrated magaiines, or.raiher. she pretendedto do 10, rwiently she leaned her head on her haod. and Oheiter could see that she was weeping silently. TUfwwro alone, then two; and one wrtunoontoious of the other's prei»nce, Mr Oheiter was seated in such a way thai Hirlan had not peroeived htm when ihitalfetid. To'iefca girl alone and frtendleti in a itHuoo city, overoome in thti way, was more than Oheiter oould suffer, The spectacle appealed, to hU ehivalry, and there was agood deal of it in hit naturt, despite a ewtkin Mitorio lament over its deoadenea, Haajproaohtd her quietly, and accosted her, M I »wty to see that you are |UU in trouble |KIN L«4ghi* he oomved, was a toueh of genuine ira. pfcthy in hi. tones which plaoed his remark above the level of ordinary commonplace oondolenoe. Marisn raised t W ° Wet repllol"' m eho "I am afraid I am likely to be in trouble all my life," " I devoutly hope not," said Oheiter. quickly, " If »ny asilstanee I oan hand " to Pl ,ed him with her uplifted " lfush I" she cried, " H« is beyond tlie rcaoh or need of human nid, I only know tlmt my poor darling ii dead, and th»t law left alone." Here her weeping broke forth anew. „ Are you, then, alone in the world P liad you no relatives besides your hui» bandp" asked Oheiter, "My husband I" cried Marian, in astoniihrnent. " Why, what is it that you mesn, Mr. OhesterP" "Is it not your Itusband that you were looking for in MelbourneP" Ohoster aiked, in astoniihment. "I had no husband," said Marian, vigorously. " I thought you told me—•" began Oheiter, but Marion interrupted him. " I am JtfiM Leigh," she said, crush, inglyt and then, in a softer way, changing with that uncertainty of mood whiou, let the oynie say his worst, is one of the ehiefest oharms of womanhood, she half sobbed— , " God help me»it is my father that I have loit." "Muloi doltl brute I am!" wore some of the epithets that Diok Ohestor applied to himself in rapid succession, ai Marian mado thii revelation. "And here I was," ho thought, " loaving this helpless girl alone iu a strange city to meet the most torriblo misfortune of her lifn alono and friendlcsi." Now he determined wai the timo to make reparation. It whs evident that Marian's first strong paroxysm of grief was over, and she was «rtiduall^ settling into that melancholy whioh is a habit with many of the world's men and womon. " May I inquire," said tho gentleman, "what you propoio doing uow, Miss LeigliP" "Oh, I don't know," laid Marian, disconsolately, aud with an air as if sho, too, like her namossko of tho moated grange, were " a»weary of tho world," V Perhapi I shall go to Eugland, I dare say I shall. I have an aunt there, a oron old thing, but I'll have to livo with someone, I suppose. One oan't be alone in tho world, said Marian. "No," thought Oheiter, "It would be the greateit slur upon our sex if a splendid girl like you were to be loft alone very long." Aloud, he said. " I am going to England next week, myself, Miis Leigh. I am to take my berth in the si. Orinoco, which leaves Adelaide next Tuesday, May I not haye tho pleasure of your company on the home tripP" "Next week!" said Marian. "That is very sudden, but what is there to keep ino here in this fatal eity. Yes, Mr. Oheiter, I will go in the Orinoco. It will be something to have someone I know on board, and I foot that you are a friend, Mr. Chester," And she looked into hia eyes, iearoh> T 'am your friend," said Oheiter, as they clasped handi. "And it would make bo only too happy to spend my time and strength in your services, but the days of champions are over, and there is no ohanoo or a tilt at an ironclad knight for tho sake of a lady's praise. Meanwhile, however, I oan render you one aervioe not poetical, but praotioal. Will you permit mo to go and select your oertn for youP" "Tei, thank you," replied Marian, with tho ghost of a smile, This is now it happened that one flOe morning in the spring of a year that is dead they landed at Tilbury Books, on the Thataes, and took train to London, Hore they parted, Marian Leigh to seek the quarters of her aunt in Bloomiburysquato, and Oheiter to drive to Fiaki utd Co., tlie firm of London jewellers at whose pUoe the jewelled belt had been made for Riohard Jenkini' waiit utd rivotted thereon. Our fair readers must not think that Chester and Mill Leigh were to part for owr in this summary way, . ^ . . NO I At parting, as they ihook hands, Mariln gave him her aadresk, and he earefuUv noted it down iu hti pocket. ho<& 1ft thii there was a taoit iuvita. tion on Marisn'i put for him to callat the addreti in BlcwmibuwMKiuare. . On the voyage home, Miu Lt^gh had rooovcred muoh of her natural serenity of temper, and although the sunnineii of her diipoiiHon was olouded by the death of hor father, yet there had heen times whon in Chester's company, sho had manifeitod symptoms of rosilienoe. Youth is lnvinoible, and neither toil nor sorrow, though they may dofaee, oan wholly mar iti reign. And Marian, who in Melbourne had thought life a book oloied to her, was already beginning to fed that this wai a oon« elusion too hastily arrived at. OHAl?Tl£lt V. PINKS AND CO.—-STIUNr. Tho great London jewellers wore known to Oheiter. He hii often boon there with wealthy frlondi liko Dart in queit of jewellery for preients for oirthday and marriage ooremonios. Finks and Oo, wero obliging enough, too, to tako the paper of the young sports who Wished it oonverted into osih, whioh was dono at a suprliingiy lowratoof interest. They were, beoauie of thii, and tho eneral splendour and workmanship of S icii' ware, tho fashionablo jewellers. Ohoster wai, in his turn, well known to tho partners, and whon he stated his errand ho was invited into tho mbnag* ins partner's office. I remomber this man very well on aooountof the peouliarbolt you montion. He oame to us with somo splondid stones out, and out to the value of many thousands of pounds, and requested ui to mako a gold belt for their rcoeption, arid to rivet this belt about his body. I thought it a Htronge fancy, but the man seomed sano his explanations wero feasible." " Indeed," said Chester." What woro his explanations of such a strange freak ?" " Oh I" replied Mr, Finks, " simply that ho was going out of tho reaoh of his banking account, and wanted to havo some realiiablo property on him. It appoars that ho was nearly starved onoe somowhero in Amorioa bocause he had no ready money, and no way of gotting it, and ynt ho had a fortune in an Eiig> lish bank—but you soom startled, Mr. Ohoster." " I—well, yes, I am a little. To toll you the truth, Mr. Finks, this deteotive business is rapidly revoaling to mo what a blockhead I rosily am. Of oourse, your client gavo you his name." "Oh, yes! Oortainly. It's in this book, hem! Let me see," and ho ran his fingers rapidly down several pages. " Yes, hero wo aro.' ' Golden belt so* oouut, Richard Leigh. £78 paid.'" Ohestor drew a hard breath. "How strange," he thought, "that Marian should t>e the daughter of this man, the mystery of whoso death I am soarohing out. Well, truth is strange." " I might toll you, Mr. Oheiter, as it ooours to mo, that Mr. Leigh was iuapioious that some attempts might be mado on his life, and we had one of our best workmen to do the rivetting quietly in this office, In fact, nobody but myielf and this man knew when Mr. Leigh left the shop that he had this belt of gems upon him." "And that man," said Chester, oarelesily, " Is he still with you P" "No," said Mr. Finks, "I am sorry to say that he left some time ago. He was a capital workman, and We havo not been able to replaoo him." "What was the date of his departure from your ostablishmont. Oan vou tell me that without any trouble P" laid Oheiter. "Oertainlyj" answered Mr. Finici, briskly. "We keep a reoord of the movements of all our men. Johnson left on the 15th October." "That was five days after he had rivetted the belt on Mr. Leigh P" "Yes, preoiiely," answered Mr. "Thank you," aud Chester, rising. " You have told me all I with to know?' " By the way," he added, " oould you give me Johnson's address—that ii, nil address when ho was employed by you." "With pleasure," said the jeweller. " It is always wise to keep a reoord of these thing! in a business like ouri, where there ii so muoh temptation plaoed before the workmen." Oheiter plaoed the address carefully in his pooket*book. _ ,, , . A "Ithink," eaid ho-" I, think that Dart'a £*>,OQOis in remarkable danger." ALL H I N T S ' W N B 8 . 