MISSION AT NEWTOWN. ': ii j' . / . ? . . .. j; A correspondent writes: — 'We are: || now right in the midst of a very won- ? - .. || derful work of God. Many are the... |j| prayers that have ascended for this |$ mission; and be it recorded to His '! honour,thvse prayers are being answered, '???{ for ' the heavens are' open.' The bles- || sinar is prodigious, and every day it is. i'i increasing. Dear Mr. Watsford is in. excellent health ; his Bible readings in the school hall every afternoon are. highly appreciated. The attendance at all the meetings is a great joy. On Sunday night, in spite of the storm which sprang up about 7 o'clock, .the ' church was filled. There must have' been at least 500 remained to the after meeting, for they filled the body of the church, with nearly if not quite 200 in the gallery. Mr. Watsford's sermon from Rev. iii. 20 was a powerful arid heart-searching appeal, and God blessed it to many. The Communion rail was filled with seekers, and many more were in the vestry. There was a blessed break down in the scholars' service held in the church in the afternoon, when nearly a hundred came forward. On Monday night Mr. Watsford spoke with, wonderful effect on Ps. xliv. 3,-4,— an ? address to parents, and to the children of pious parents. The great feature of the after-meeting was the large number of- -young men- who came forward ; the - ; rail was. nearly filled with them, and. at the close some touching scenes were witnessed, Christian mothers weeping aloud over their saved sons. Tuesday, night's audience was very large, and the ? Word, based on Luke xv. 4-7, Avas with the Holy Ghost and with power. About thirty avowedly turned to God at the close, and many more were ' pricked in their hearts.' God is thus ? graciously blessing this mission. The church is greatly, quickened, and many ' are realising full salvation. The open air work is being conducted every night on a large scale and. with much blessing. . . The mission will close on Tuesday next, - and the prayers of God's people are sought that it may grow in power to the close, and be made a permanent bless ing to the teeming population of this important suburb. 