ZIIjL .A8I A ROMANCE. BY JOSEP1 HOCKING,. ATh?OR OF , "Elrad the .Hic," Jabcs BEasterbrook." I - (Published by . Special Arrangeinent with Messrs. Ward, Lock, Bowden'& Co.) CHAPTER I.----'ontinued.) 'There now, mother,' cried Jack hastily, 'don't, twit me with that. I ' know I have been an ass. One of the professors told me that if I would v only work, I'd be able to take a first class easily, but I didn't, I simply t killed time, and so I was plucked. I Never mind, mother, I'll make it up. I will, mind you, and you shall see that in a few years I'll get a'better a degree than any I nmight have got at Oxford.' , ' But how, Jack ?' t 'I don't knmow yet, mother; I must think. MIeanwhile, don't frbt for me ; I'll not go to the bad.' ' Jack,' said his mother anxiously, ' you know hbw fond your old mother is, and how .much she has ,ever thought of you. You said you had been lazy at Oxford. You have not been anything else, ha'ie you?' ?i'you weren't wild ?' - ' No, mother, honestly no! I: was simply lazy. I boated, I played cricket, and took long walks, and now and then had a few fellows for comn pany in the evenings; but I have: not been wild, I never drank-I remem-i bered dear father's wish'-and Jack's lips trembled--' besides,. I have nb debts!' 'Thank Gnd, Jack, I am s gla; and you have no ties at Oxford ?'..:i 'Ties, mother! 'What do you mean ?' 'I mean-that is-you had no young lady entanglement's-you are not engaged?' 'Young lady entanglements ! En gaged ! Why, mother, what. are you thinking about? I never spoke to a girl in Oxford,' and Jack looked at his mother as though such a thing were prepbsterous beyond mea'sure. 'I am so glad, Jack-but here are the girls coming.' They were a pair of bright, rosy girls, such as one could easilysimagine had been reared in a country parson age. True, their faces were now sad doned by grief, and their .eyes swollen with much weeping, but 'when time had healed the wounds which grief had made, they would be bright, happy maidens. For a while they all talked to gether of Jack's prospects, and when this matter was fully discussed, the question of going into another house was introduced, as the vicarage would soon be wanted by the'new incumbent. It was agreed at length that Jack should do nothing in the way of getting a situation until they weere settled in their new home, as he would be needed to help them 'in ·this Egreat, sad change, after swhich he was to. look around for a sitiation suitable to his education and tastes. During the next few weeks Jack's mind was full of business.' Being the only son, he, naturally took the care and responsibility of arranging for the new house, which otherwise would have fallen on his mother. This. was undoubtedly good for him, for he had begun to think a great deal about his father's death, so mfuch indeed that he grew morbid. He:had not been able to get rid of the thpught that his father had smne imessage to communi cate to him' before he died,and becausd of this a weight rested upon his mind. Therefore, business matters did 'him good, and kept his thoights from wandering in the di'eary regilbn of dread uncertainty, during a time when, had he nothing to do, he would have been most susceptible to gloomy' influences. When this work was 0done, .'how ever, a period of enforced idlenessfell Sto his lot. He caught a severe cold, v Which for a month confined him'to his irbom, and, to make matters worse, he was prohibited from reading or,;.enter ing into any intellectual edxercise. fDuring this 'tihe his .mothdr and sisters made 'model nurses, and were, on thie whole :cheerbful' companions. Nevertheless there were many, many hours when he was left alone with his own thoughts, and these took by :no means inviting shapes. The old idea came back to him. He felt sure his. fathor had a messago for him. Not that he had any tangible reason for thinking it. He had questioned his mother again and again as to his father's last hours, and although thB old clergyman had naturally desired to see his only son before he died,; there was no apparent reason for thinking he had any special message to deliver. Still the idea haunted him, and:he tried to conjure .up some plan by which he would 'be 'able to get at an inkling of what he.:belioved was the' truth. As the days went on, i it:becainm a kind of mania with him. ;' It became the one thought, of his mind i'":his father had a message to deliver to him, and he had not been able to get homi? soon enouglh to receive it. , He questioned the doctor as to wh~ether there was any means of knowing'if his conjecture was true. 'Yes,' replied the doctor. . SHow ?' cried Jack,' eagerly. 'By consulting your own common sense,' was the reply. 'Your father was conscious almost 'to the lastf and near friends were' in constant atton dance on him. Do you think that if he had any message of ilnpor tance to deliver, he would not have mentioned it ?' 'I don't knonu'.' He' did not think he was going to die until a short time before the end. But you ,were the one to tell him he had not long to livd. What did he do, or say?' 'Your father was a good man,' plied the doctor, ' and met death calmly.'' 'But what did he say? Tell me his exact words ?' 'He said what any father would snay, who felt he was soon to leave this world. He said, "I wantto see Jack. Send for Jack at once;" but that, as I said, was natural.' ' You saw him die, didn't ·you'?' 'Yes.' ' Tell me what he said, every word ?' 'Your father was a good man,' re 'peated the doctor, 'and met death calmly.' . ' clmlow he was the best in the world; but what did he say ?' ' He told your mother and sisters there was nothing to grieve for, because all was well, all was right.' ' But me, did he not mention me ?' ' Yes,' and the doctor's eyes flashed as though he remembered something. 'He said, "Is Jack come?" and we answered that you could not come for two hours. "Then," he said, "I shall not see my boy agEin,, and I wanted to see him-and, doctor;,how, muchlonger canI.live?" "I.do not know," I answered, " hOtf. loig,-I am afraid." Then he tried to speak, but hle could not articulate anywords.' . ' And afterwards.?' cried a'Jck' .: S'He heaved a greatsigh,; but siaoke no more. .. . ... ' There, there, dont you see ?'. He wrianrted to speak e to me. I'felt sure he didi before I entered the house when I came from Oxford. I have felt'it ever since. I am sure my fatherhad some thing to tell,me.' • 1 hnad not thiought of it in thna' light before,' said the doctor, ' and I do not believe your. fancy .to-»be true now; still I will admit he seemed very anxious to see you. But what's the use? Had it been of great import ance he would' surely have given you some idea a long time ago. Besides, you can never know. ·What is the use of considering such a question'?' ' Never know,' said Jack, dreamily, 'never know--why ?' ' Because the secrets of the dead are secrets for ever. No traveller ever comes back to tell what has been left untold.' ' Why?' ' I do not know. Perhaps we could not understand if they could; at any rate it's not for me to say. -, I do not pretend to enter the realms of theology. Get the new vicar to come and talk 'with you;. I cannot help you. My ad vice is this: ,get rid of- such fancies, or your return to health will be hin dered.' 'rAnid the .doctor, after giving him' some professional advice, left him with a puzzled look upon his face. As will be imagined, the doctor's answers to Jack's questions did not set his mind at rest. Nay, he became more and more convinced that his fancy had foundation in actual fact. 'Now, Jack had never been what may be termed ' spiritually minded.' Bather the reverse. He never troubled about the unseen, had never believed in ghosts or apparitions, and when a boy, had never shared his companions' fears about going out at night. As he grew older, he remained absolutely untouched by thoughts of the unseen. He lived the life that now is with too much heartiness and pleasure to trouble about the mysteries of the spiritual world. He often fell asleep in 'church; but he was always alert at a cricket match. He was perfectly ignorant of theological distinctions, and had always yawned wearily when his father had discussed them with neighbouring ministers; but in matters of athletics Jack Har court. was as ardent as any one. Church pabulum he hated, but a good square meal of beefsteak and plum pudding Jack was strong at. -Not that Jack was a doubter. He accepted the truths of Christianity without demur, without ever troubling as to thieir nature or origin. He had no doubt'but that his father hIad gone 0to' Heavon, although the idea of Hea:ven was very vague to him. But after the doctor had left him he began to wonder about these things, and; although his mother and sisters would not allow him to thllink much that day, he hailed the visit of tihe new vicar with much delight on the follow ing morning. .The Reverend Henry Davis, unlike Jack's father, was exceedingly narrow and bigoted. He accepted the creed of theli moderately High Church with out guestion, and was very hard on those who did not do likewise. There fore, he looked somewhat aghast at Yack Wlihn he asked him if it were possible:'for his father to toll him somiething he wished to communicate before death. At first he answered incoherently, not seeming to under stand, and, on Jack's further explana tioni, he began to thiink of what the Church taught on such matters. Y' It may be possible,' he said at length ;'l 'but the Church 'teaches n othing psitive. But you say my fatheris. alive,' said Jack. s?aid -J a?61?..',:'?-··: ·::, :? .!! ,f; ..i.: " ' i- hndolibtedly.' . ! StTheui why, can he not'Ktell 'ime his ishes'? '.I ,f~eesure ihe wailte00 ay s?omething: to. me :before .he. left. this aworld;,and if 'he did .then; he doesi still< What should there be 't6hinderi It is not for uso t~now, n . said the vicar. ?'' ''"It seems we 'can know" ndthing,' said Jack, wearily' . :. : . ' How ?'2 said the vicar. '.Why, come to that,' said .Jack, Show do we know anything about whadt comes after death ?' "': ' We know that those who are in the Church shall be in peace.' 'How do I mknow that ?' ., ' The Church teache's it.' "Yes, but how do I know' that I shall live at all after I die?' ' But don't you believe in the im-: mortality of the soul ?' 'Why,' said Jack, thoughtfully, ?' I ?uppose so; but 'pon my word, I hardly know if I've got a soul.' The vicar started aghast. 'You, a clergyman's son, to say such a thing!' he said in amazement. : Why, there is no point of doctrine on which the Church is more pro nounced.' ' Yes, yes,' said Jack, ' I daresay it's all right, but the thought came to my mind, and I blurted it out. You know, of course. You have been ordained for the purpose; but you can't help me in this other matter ?' ' No, no, I cannot,' said the vicar, modified; ' but you need not be afraid -you father died a' good Churchman, and all is well. By the way, you must get well quick. I think I know of something that may suit you.' ' Do you? What ?' ' A friend of mine is at the head of a grammar school. He is a clergyman who was at college with your, father.i He has a vacancy for a junior teacher. I think I can get it for you.' Immediately Jack asked a lot of questions relative to the position, size, history, and-a hundred other things, (of the said school, all of which the vicar answered readily, shortly after which he took his leave. Before he went, however, he in his turn gave *Jack some advice. He was a well meaning man in spite of his narrow niess, and did his best as a Christian minister to help Jack in his trouble. Three days. more passed, and Jack was able to get out. He had got rid of his, ailments, but he had not got rid of the idea that had been haunting him. The reader may think it strange that an unsentimental youth like Jack should have yielded to what seemed a craze, but I have nothing to do with that. Of course it may be said that trouble had upset his mind, and thus he conjured up foolish fancies. Be that as it may, it is not probable I should have undertaken this history, but for Jack's craze, for, as far as I can see, it was the motive power which led to the most interesting events of the story. Consequently I must ask the reader to bear with me while we try to follow Jack in his endeavours to find out whether his father had a message for him. When he was able to get out into the open air, his mother hoped that he would get rid of his strange fancy; on the other hand, however, it intensi fied, and then took a sombre form. The question he had almost uncon sciously asked the vicar came back to his mind. ' How do I know there's something after death?' became very troublesome. Somehow he could not feel that his father existed at all, while he felt that he had something to tell him before he 'died. While confined to his room with his cold, the spirit world did not seem so unreal; but out in the open air it was very vague and uncertain. He was walking thrbugh afield just alter ais convalescence, wnen ne saw the Baptist pastor coming towards him. He was slightly acquainted with this gentleman, owing to the fact that his father had been on good terms with the Nonconformists of the neigh bourhood; and so, when Mr. Williams stopped and spoke to him, he regarded it as a very natural thing. The pastor soon began to try and comfort him with regard to the loss of his father, telling him he was ,better off, and so on. 'Mr. Williams,' said Jack, 'how do you know that my .father is 'in heaven? How do you know he is anywhere ?'. 'The Scriptures declare it,' said the pastor.. 'Excuse me,' said Jack, 'I know I ought to believe in the truth of the Bible; in fact, I, suppose I do, but how do I know that the Scriptures are true ? Might not the writers be mistaken ? -I am not saying they are. I don't think they are. But can I be sure,:certain-that is, as certain as that you arel here-that my father exists ?' * *. The pastor was silent., .. (Tolie Cotnaued.) 