WHHE WMITE SHE-WOLF- . By GILmERT C~AaBEtLL. "Quite well,dear papa,"atssvered thle child; hut whereis the fine white wolf-skin that yosi roised me." "Your father did not find her,"answered aina, with a little laugh; " the white wolf not so easy to catch as he fancied." Alexis had saovel a few steps nearer to the , and was listening with grave attention to y word she uttered. 'Are white wolves so difficult to kill, then ?" ted he. "It acems so, my little man," returned the dy, "sinCe your father and all the serfs of, topclin were unable to do so." I have got a pistol that good old Michal taught me to fire, and I am sure I could Iher if ever I got a sight of her,'' observed eiboldlyp. 'There's a brave hoy," returned Raainm tose of her shrill laughs ; "nod nosy, won't comec and sit on smy knee, for I am very doflittle boas?" "No, I don't like you," answered Alexis, a moment' consideration, "for 31ichai Go to your room, you insolent young brat," t in his lather, in a voice of thunder; o spend so much of your time. with ai and the serfs that you have learned all ir boorish habits." o tiny tears rolled down the boy's cheeks in obedience to ais father's orders he turned u and quitted the room, while Ravina ed a strange look of dislike after him, soon, however, as the door had closed,the woman addressed Katrina. 'ell, rerhaps you will not be so md to me as your brother," said ohes; ne to me," and as she spoke she held out armo. ilittle girl came to her without hesitation, began to smoothe the silken tresses e wore coiled and wreathedaroundlavina's Pretty, pretty," she murmured ; "beauti dy." ou see, Paul Sergevitch, that your little ter has taken to me at once," remarked Sie has taken to you in a most wonderful or," remarked Paul, with a pleased smile; have quite obtained possession of her ot yet, whatever I may do later on," an d the woman, with her strange, cold tently, the child grew tired of her new intance, and sliding dowo from her knee, from the room in search of her brother I and Ravina remained silent for a omenta, and then the woman broke the that remains for me now, Paul Serge is to trespass on your hospitality, and to t to lend mu some disguise, and assist me n the nearest post-town, which, I think oeski.' ud why should you wish to leave this at demanded Paul, a deep flush rising to his ; " you are perfectly safe in my house, f you attempt to leaveXatopchin, you inevitably fall into the hands of the oa Paul Sergevitch will toll them where as find me 1" questioned fRavina, vitl an I intection in the tone of her voice. neser tholught-tiat is-" stammered 0, you never thought that I could read plainly."' purtssoed tihe wotman, pitilessly : it is the trttls thlat 1 Itavo told you, and than remaa,:ins an itunalo of your Ihouse, I leave it, even if all the polite of Ruesia ready to arrest mo on its very thres RaeIiltn," exclaimed Paul, as tise o sade a step towrarrds thb door; I do not tether ysur reading of my thoughts is o wrolg, but before you leave, liston to I tell you plainle that from the firnt mm that I set eyes on you, a strange new Ihas risen up in my heart-not the cold that society calls love, but a burning, e flood whiich flows down like molten rtm the volcano's crater. Stay avina, suite-you are safe enough from all pur d does 'aul Sergevitchactually mean to is hand to a woman whose name he does 00 know, and of whose feelings toward is entirely ignorant ?" asked the woman, or customary mocking laugh. aat do I care for name or birth 1" re hie, Isotly; aa I have enough for both, for love, my passion would soon kindle aris of it in your breast, cold and frozen as nowe be." me think a little," said arins, and, herself into an arm chair, she buried o in her hands and seemed plunged in' fiaction ; "listen," she said, at last; "I soght over your proposal serioualy, and, certain conditions, I will consent to be yotr wife. At the present moment, I o inclination for you, but, on the other feel no repugnance for you. I will re re a month, and during that time I will itt a suite of apartments which you will epared for me. Every evening I will o here for two hours, and upon your yourself agreeable, my ultimate decision end.' 1 suppose that decision should bo an on is 0ne?" asked Paul. on answered Ravina, with a ringing I shall, as you say, leave this and take earl wilh me." cue are hard conditions," rezarked] "why not shtorten the time of proba conditions are unalterable," anseered with a little stamp of the foot; ." do re to them or not 1" are no alternative," answeredus' estl-. ay- slipped shovly and wearily naway, sins sS'o-,ed no s;igns of relentioig. sening, aceording to her bond she sp'ent as witi, Paul snd 'lade herself most ie, listening to his far- fetched consli sod asseverations of lore and tendern ess will a told smile or with one of ner g laughs. She refused to allow Paul to or is her own apartments, and the only os0 permitted Chore, save the servants lo Kteina, unto had, taken a etraqge the fair woman. Alexis, on the con voideder has much nh bepo ribly coed pair hardly ever met. while, cantos rumara hesso to oe 'ircon e tng Cte nge hroesdigo osthe isoccupied Cthe suitt oh tarbaae'om~Jts haformerly besgerd to Cho wife of ths ef ostopbosin. The terand decbiarao ifod tent o p, titough backed about rnel ten cover tasted, but that thle vase mossc oerwas frequently missing. Strange were efton Iseard to ittus from tit a as the panic-atrickcol serfs burns, I vorridsr 'tpon which the doors opened,, oier to lb house os-ar frequently lit-· h'0 the bowlines of wolves, usle footprints aciwre distinctly viotibe the next morn. dcuricotly esotgb. invariably is tite tai~ the west side of the Itonso in o lexie, wits fottad n osecoorsoem 001to 'lse f~thoerfe Ra naturally thrown a great -h -efs ad bneard the ssiaj ct die writta 555y oxaggeratio500 Otto Of his retore Ptesiot Otto on old bs-j cavalvospistsl apvettett froon broon ad learntd t load, and by. using both ma~ wUhoo eapon, conld ontr.ive Wit flny an i~llotarred oparmow Pusthe ohis bind constantly dwol. t tnb tales ho hades greedily mbnathsm~o wandCrin thro1 the ti the· O1DEhidgo th gh the i For a fortnght mauters went on i thins -manner, .Paul becoming more -and,: more in- I fatueted by the charms of this strange womni. To satisfy a whim of hers, he had even dis missed old 1tlchalfrom his oflice and forbidden hinm to approach the houise. l But the faithful old servant, -whose love for the 'children was atronger than his fear of punishmeiit, took to wander at nightabout theeesterior of the great white houvo, urged on bysome feeling for which he could in no wise accouoit. Onte evening, as Michal was making hi accustomed tour of inspection, the wafl af' child struck upon his ear. Hie beist down his t head and eagerly listened; again ho heard > the faint sounds, and in them he recogmiised the accents of little Kntrina. Hurrying up tonone of: the ground floor windows in 'Baina's apritmenit, from which a diin light streamed, he pressed his' face against the pane anid looked steadily in. Ahorrible sight presented itself to his gaze. I By the faint light of a shaded lamp, he saw i Katrina stretched upon the ground; but hier i wailing had now ceased, for a shawl had been tied across her little mouth. Over her was bending a hideous shape, which seemed to be clothed in somb white and shaggy covering.' Katrina lay peufectly motionless, and the hands of the figure were engaged in hastily removinig the garments from the child's breast. The task was soon effected; then there was a bright gleam of steel, and the head of the thing bent closely down to the child's bosom.. With a yell of apprehension, the old man dashed in the window-frame, and, drawing the cross from his breast sprang boldly into. the room. ' The roeature sprang to its feet, and, the ivihite fur-cloaki falling from its head aud shoiulders, disclosed the pallid features of Ravina, a short, broad krnife in her hand, and the lips disccloied with'blood. " Vile sorceres l'l cried Michal, dashi~n for ward and raising Katrina in his arms; '?' what hellish work are you about 1" Ravina's eyes gleamed fiercely uipon the old man, who had interfered between her and her prey. She 'raised her dagger and was abott io spring upon him when site caughtsight of the cross in his extended hand With a low cry she droplped the knife and staggered back. Michal paid but little heed to her, forbe was busily engaged in examining the 'feinting child, whose head was resting helplessly on his shoulder. There was a wound' over the left breast from which the blood was:flowing; but the injury appeared slight, and'not likely to prove fatal. As soon as he had satisfied himself on this point, he trnied to the woman,' who was crouching before the cross as a wild beast shrinks away before the whip of his tamer. '"I am going to remove the child," said he alowly, 'fdare to mention a word of what I have done or whither she has gone, and I. will arouse the village. Do youu know what willhappeni thenil Why every peasant in 'the place will hurry here with a lighted. brisd in his hand to consume this accursed houseland the unnatural dwellers in it. Keep silence, and I leare you to your unhallowed work. 'I will no longer seek to preserve Paul Sergevitch who has given himself over to the powers of darkness by taking a demon to his bosom." Ravina listened to' him as if she hladecarcely' comprehended him; but, as th'a' old 'ins re-. tretted to the window'withi hisr helpless burden, she followed him, step by step; and as lie turned' to cast one glance. at the shattered window, lie saw the woman's pale face and blood-stained lips glued against an unbroken pane, with a wild look of unsatiofied appetite in· her eyes. 'Next morning the house of. Kostopchin was filled with terror and surprise, for Katrina, the idol of her father's heart, had disapipeared, and no signs of her could be discovered. Every effort was made; the woods and fields in the neiglhbourhood were tlsoroughly searched ; but it was at last concluded that robbers had carried ofi the child for the sake of the ran som that they might be able to extract from the father. The day upon wihichl all search had ceased Ravine glided into the room where 'seh knew that she. would filid Paul awaiting her. Site' was fully an hour beforo her usual ime, 'aiid thle Lordof Kostopchin 'atarted to his feet ini suir prise. ' !" You are snrprieed'toosee-me,' aid she; "h ut I have 'only come to pay you a visitbfor a few minutes. I am convinced tha' you love 2ne, and'could 1 but relieve a few of the objec tions that my heart continues to raise, I might beyours." " Tell me 'what these scruples 'are," cried Paul, spiriging toward her, and' seizing her' hands in his; "and be sure that I will und' means to overcome them." "Liaten," said she, as she withldrew her Imnd. "I will take two more hours for consis deratien. By that time the ishole of the housee of Koatopchin will be cradled in slumber : theni meet me at the old sun-dial near the yew trae; at the bottom of. the garden andI Iwill give you "But whiy ot come back here 1"I urgdied; "f there is a iaird 'frost to-night end- " Are you so cold a lover," broke in Ravina, with her accustomed laigh,' " to dread the changes of the wertherY But not another word; I have spoken." "' She glided from Les room, but uttered a wlow cry of rage. She almoat fell over Alexis' in the corridor. "' Why is that' brat not' is bed l'i sh'dcri d; angrily.' " '" "Go to your room, boy," exclaimed "th' father, harahly,,and the child then, slunk awayp.. Paul Sergevitch' paced up and down the room for the two hours that he had to pass before the hour 'of meeting. His heart was very heairy, and a vague feeling of disquietude began to creep over him. Twenty times he made ugi his mind niot to keep lis appointment, and as often the fascinations of the fair woman com pelledhim to rescind his resolution. Now' and again he glanced at the clock, and at last its deep metallic sound, as it struck the quarter, warned him that he had little time to lose, if he intended to keep his appointment. Throwing on a heavily furred coat and pul ling a travelling-cap down over his ears, he opened a side door and sallied out into the grounds. The dark shape of the yew-tree soon rose up before him, and in another moment he stood beside its dusky boughs. The old gray sun dial stood only a few paces off, and by its side was standing a slender figure, wrapped in a Iwhite, fleecy.lusking cloak. It was perfectly motionless, and again a thrill of undefined dread passed through every nerve and muscle of Paul Sergevitels's body. "Raavine " said he, in faltering accents. "Ravina!' "Did you take me for a ghost 2"answered the fair woman, with her shrillluch; "no, no, I have not come to that yet. Well, Paul Sergevitch, 1 have come to give you my answer; are you anxious about it I" " How can you ask me such a question ?" returned he; "do not keep me any 'longer in suspense. Isit 'yes,' or 'no'9l "Paul Sergevitch," answered the strange woman, coming sp to him and laying her hands upon his shoulders and fixing her eyes upon his with that strange expression before which he always quailed; " do you really love me, Paul Sergevitchl?" asked she. "Love you 1' repeated the Lord of Kostop chin; ' have I not told you at thousand times how much my whole sou flows out toward you, how I only live and breathe in your pre vene, and how death at yojsr feet would the more welconie than life without you ?" "People often talk of death, and yet little Alnkow how near it is to them," answered the fair lady, a grim smils appearing upon her face; " butell me, do you give me your whole fheart 1" "All I have is yours, Ravina," returned faul; " name,' wealth, and the devoted love of paslife time." ' "Butyour beart,"persisted she; " it is your hesirt thatIwant; tel me, Paul, that it is mine hat nyinre oRnla., (pi!~clar hurr t isyear, clert raina," I fair form sin hii iiip-aewired crasp; ,lo ciiju I elided fron nim, nod thei, with .a qick hoioml, sprangn upon him and glared in his faciselital look that iwas absolutely aplbling. .IlIr Ce3a Slesiied wiith a lurid; ire; her lipa were draan b aksihos-ingelier shsrrir, white teeth, wliilet hierbroitls tine ini sliarg qtsic- gas hugy butnow, Paiul Ser gevilei, yo heert ersv ntws~s a0 endiol' n~d unox; pected tlmt hio stnimnled isd fell heavily totlie. ground; the ,fnnir: wromani clinging to hikm. asd: I fallingj uipon his blreast. It was then that the f fulLjhorror of his positisin cnime upois Paul · Sorgoritch, and lie ease his fait cleorly beforel buhim, but a terrible ninnbness prevented him from using his hands t6 fre hoimoself from the hideous embrace which ass parilysisg all his muscles. The face that aia glarien -into hms seemed to be undergoin ommse fearful change, and the features to be losing their seiiblaiic of humanity. With a siuddcn, quick movement, she tore open' lisa gariiments, amid in another moment she had perforated lis left breast with a ghastly wouind and torn out his hearct Sue heeded not: the convulsive struggles which agitated the dying form of tlio Lord of Kostops chin, nor a dimuinutive form approaching, shel tering itself behind every tree and bush until it had arrived to v.ithin ten pa ea of the scene of the terrible tragedy. Thouk the inoonb-aims glistened upon the long hsiniiig barrel of a pistol, which a boy was levelliig with both hand. at the murderess Quick anid sharp rang out the report, andlwith a wildeshriek, inl which there was comuetlhimig beast like, Raviln leaped froii the body of the dead inan and stangered awsy to a thick clump of bushes some teni pices distaint Thi boy Alexis had heard the aippoistmsent chat had been 'nuade, and dogged his fattier's footsteps to the trysting-pl1-ce. After firinig the t fatalshit, lis acburage deserted himi, and lie fled back to the house, utteriig loud shrieks for help. The startled servants were soon in the presenesi of their slaughteredminaster, but aid wea of no availfor ::the Loridof Kostopchin had passed away. Wilthfear and trembling, the superstitious peasants searched the clump of bushes, and started back in horror as they · perceived a huge white wolf, lying stark and d'esid with a hiumnan heart clasped between its' fore- paia.i 