Books. Didon's Life of. Christ. <1) By 0, . Tho enormous popularity that tho work entitled "Jesus Uhrist" uoliievcd iu tho original French text, ' led to its translation into English. The original) work lius merited the approbation of the learned of utmost all' schools of thought, mid although in tlio translation muoli of tho graoo, beauty, stylo, and cloquonco of tlio great Dominican is lost, yot it 1ms represented faithfully tlio simplicity and foroo of tho originul. Tlio work. Indued) ia of no ordinary significance. It is no ordinary . task to' writo tlio lifo of Him whoso life whs written 1800 yoars ugo by His own disciples. Tlio four Gospols have gained tho applause of adverse oritics suoh us Strauss mid iiomiu, mid luivo indelibly im printed their thoughts in tho hearts of mankind. It is oxtromoly hard to tell old truths in a now und attractive manner, hut undor the graceful pen of PoroDidon, all suoli difficulties disappoar, and ho lins given us without doubt tho most remarkable work tlmt. this century lias produced. Tlio temloncy of tho lives of Christ previously written, nt least for tlio lust quarter of a cen tury, was to regard Hiui in those human traits of character without exhibiting all tlmt was siipernntural in His person and career. Most of tliom sited an air of sentimontul romance uml human feeling ovor tho Divino Porson, and woro written with tlio avowed object of dis crediting Christianity. Ho is pictured to ns only in His human surrounding, with tho feel ings and thoughts of other men, and we are led to forget iu the brotherhood exist ing botweou Him and ua tho all im portant fact that he is equal to the Father in all things, und at tho sumo timo is the adorablo Sou of God. Strauss exerted all tlio powers of an undoubtedly great miiid to accomplish this, and Rcnan, whoso stylo nnd eloquenoo throw a fascination over his work, did tho satno ubout 2G years ago, and 39 years after the work of Strauss wus published. Embellished in u language which certainly has no equal, it throw u veil over the divinity of the Saviour, whilst it clothed in dazzling languugo all that belonged to His humanity. Tho circulation of theso books was unbounded, and in not a few instances were the thoughts of Christian writers influenced by tlieni. To uombat so great nu evil, Christian scholurs began to think thut tho opponents of Christianity should be met on their own ground, and sot them selves to work to bring into prominence the historical accounts of tlio life of tlio Redeemer, to unfold it amidst the trials and afflictions of human sufferings, uml to dwell on tlio personal character revealed in that light, and make Hiin known to mankind as one who shared nil the sorrows aud joys of our liuturo without experiencing any of our moral frailty. A multitude of writers sprang into existence who, whilst following iu tho peculiar style of StraussuudRennn, upheld the divinity of Christ. Baur, Ritslil. Koiin, Duvmster, Matin Sowry, Farrar, Eddersoheim, Ncundor, und Weiss bo- euino tlio champions of belief. Tlio lust of this array of writers is Peru Dillon, und with uu enthusiasm und ardour 1m has accomplished liis tusk iu iv style which, whilst it rivals thut of Mnnnti, adds to its beauty tho glow and frefiinosB of truth. Tho wliolo work is ono of briitinnoy and eloquence. It is, too, ono of learning, without entering into those controversial aspects which so often disfigure tho luu- giuigo of great minds. Tho author did not write liis Thoughts down us ono could do from those who "went before him ; ho travelled over tlio land hallowed by tho Saviour's foot, and lived amongst the scenes wliich surrounded the spot to which all Christians turn with voneration und lovo. Pero Didon's pic tures of localities have a charm peculiar to themselves. Of Nazurctli ho writes : — "Ono would look in vuiu for u spot more peaceful and mure restful, moro retired and brighter, more sheltered nnd at the samo time mors open. When wo climb ono of tho lulls which lio armuid tho little town, us for iiistunco that which now towers over Muhi-Laid, a mag nificent spectuclo lies before us. To tho north ire the high mountains of Galilee, and behind them stands Greater Hennon, always glistening with snow, rising solitary into tho sky. To tho east Thubor rises pedestal like, nnd tho mountain rangoof Ajulon spreads out its grassy slopes. Away to tho south uro Little Hermon, the mountains of Gilboii, and of Samaria, and on tho horizon, tho rugged summits of Judea. Close to hand spreads tho plnins of Esilruclon, streaked wfth.yellow und gray, like tapestry woven of the purplo shadows of the clouds. In the wost wo see tho blue summit of Mount Carmcl, and beyond tho still bluer sea, whioh shines liko a mirror beneath the setting sun. Tho wliolo world opens to our gaze, and wo love to picture to ouyselves Jesus on that summit praying to His Father in heaven, und seeing in tho great world tho field whioh lie was one day to oonqnnr and make fruitful," In an introduction of 88 pages, he lays down minutely tlio foundations of the superstructure ho subsequently raised with marvellous skill nnd detail. Ho writes, no doubt, for the bonofit of those who deny tho supernatural in Christ's life, and to conlute those who explain tho origin und growth of Christianity 111 merely , human agencies. Ho is fully coneoious of tho vustness of the labour I10 has undertaken. " A sincere conviction lias sustained me. Christ living, acting by His Bpirit intheohuroli, is the salvation of humanity and modem peoples. To gather to Him tho consciences of 11 country aud of an age, oven to attempt it, is to bring to that country and that ago tho greatest of blessings." Again ho writes: " I know that between tho ChriBt of the Faith and tho cultured minds of this ago, misunder standings hare been multiplied. This book will, perhaps, remove sovornl of them. "Written in solitude and silence, far from all that divides mankind, thoreBult of long anil persevering labour, it is not u work disturbed by centuries, hat a tranquil work of history, a work of faith. . . I11 spite of all Jesus remains tho chiof figure on the horizon of the Christian peoples. Justice, vivified by oharity, ns Ho wished it to bo, lias becomo tlio sovereign law of tbis world ; it rulos nil consciences, and those even who have lost belief in Christ, prcsorvo his lossons of morality, forgotting that thoy came from Him. 1 The power of saorifioo, that lover Ho lins placed in tlio hands of His disciples, is inexhaustible ; truo boliovors are always ready to give tlieir lives in order that humanity, oven the least of its children, may bo snatched from misfortune and ignorance and sorrow and death." Tho description of tlio people from whioh Christ sprung is full of detail, nnd lends a charm of beauty whioh it is impossible to excel. The vivid description of the elements of tho various bodies of society with whioh our Lord came in contact leaves nothing to be desired. Tho sixth ohaptor of the first volume is per haps ono of nil others that shows the truo genius of tho leaVnod Dominican. Tho God-man is tho type of Cliristian genius, tho union of tlio Divino nature with tho human having given suoh a fulness and harmony to the latter as.' to make tho Saviour of Mankind tho perfeot type of man liimsolf. On tho brow of our Lord ovor shone an infinite brightness radiating from tho eternal worldHis nature, calm, serene, and gentle, with will and affeetions rivalling in matohlcss purity and perfection the dazzling olearncss of his intellect ; and as truth onlightouod so good ness and beauty attracted Him. His sensi bility was perfeot ; Ho often wopt over human sorrowa ; in tlio innocence of littlo oliildren ' be fonnd rest and ohorm. Suoh was the perfeot typo of man Tlio human raeo Fere Didon divides into throo classes, " tho multitude, mon of talent, and mou of genius. It 1b a gigantio pyramid, of whioh tho multitude form tho base, men of talent "tho middle, and men of gonius tho summit. - "Genius ' oarries with it originality, invention, and the initiative ; it creates now forms and gives impotuB to tho whole, leads mankind in directions hitherto unknown ; troubles or 'oalms, loads astray or dlreots, abases or uplifts. Men of talent do not invent, they follow tho inspirations of genius, apply and presorvo, intorprot and divulge thorn. In them, arc. soon tho . painful effort and patient labour, whioh aro tho honour of every man of goodwill. If genius bo a god, talent is his prophet." (1) " Jesus Christ," par Is Fore Didon, de l'ordro. den Stores Freoueurr, two vols. ; Farts, Plan. " Jesuc Christ." by the Rev.' Pero Didon. of the Order of St.' Itomtnlok, in two vols, - London,' Kegan Paul ana O ' a. - V - ' Tho genius whioh docs not ombraco tho supor- - natural, on whioh tho reflex of tlio mind docs not shed tlio brightness of its light, has 110 participation in the univoraal. The gonius of the purely universal order is seen in minds liko St. Thomas Aquinns, in _ him is enshrined ' tho triple idea of gonius — the divino, tho saint, and tho poot. Pero Didon in liis philosophical studies has followed tho teachings of tho angclio doctor. Tlio body of tlio work is in six books, and trcuts, speaking generally of tho birth nnd early iifo of Christ, St. John tho Baptist, tho Galilean tho contests nt Jorusulom, and tho crucifixion, tho authenticity of tho Gospols nro oxumined, and the prophecies that usher in the Incarnation discussed. The miracles recorded in tlio Now. Testament lie defends, and gives giuphio touches of tlio times, people, und cus toms that surrounded the life of Christ. This much must ho said, that there is a striking similarity of tho language of Lncoidaireand that of Pero Didon. Spuco will not permit of going further, nnd this somewhat condensed and imperfect view of the great work may bo conoludcit by quoting tho opening words of tho introductory part, whioh gives a truo conception of iiifi author's object: "Jesus Christ is the one great name in history. There nro others for whom men have died. Ho alono is adored by all people, in nil nations, and iu nil times. Ho who bears this nnmo is known throughout tho world. Eve among tho savage and dogenerato tribes of tho luunnn race, His apostles preach without ceasing that I10 died upon the cross; and the off scourings of mankind may bo saved by loving Him. Those who nro neutral in tho modern world reeogniso tlmt nono is better for the weak and misorahle. Tlio greatest intellects of tlio past would bo forgotten if momoriais, or pnluces, obelisks or tombs, if written testi monials, as pnpyrnscs, pnrchmouts, bricks, columns, or medals, had not preserved tlieir memory. Jesus survives in tlio conscience of tho faithful, there iB His witness and inde- struotiblo lnonuinout. Tlio church founded by Him fills timo and space with His nnme. 8I10 kuo w Him, Bhe loves Him, slio adores Him, ns Ho lives in her she lives in Him. He is her dogma, her moral law, hor worship. She toaclics to all, without exception, that Ho is the only Son of God mado man, conceived by tho Holy Ghost in tho womb of tho Blosso'il Virgin, und that He has como into the world to suffer and to die." P.W.C. 