RELIGIOUS Baptist Missions Centenary. The large number of centenary celebrations which have fallen within the last few years has been a matter of frequent remark, but it will come as a surprise to many that Sunday, 2nd Ootober, was the one hundredth anni versary of the formation of the Baptist Missionary Society. The society was formed at the town of Kettering on 2nd Ootober, 1792, and was the direct outcome of a sermon preached before the association at Nottingham a few days previously. It may be interesting to notice some of the statistics of the society for the year 1890-91. The receipts for the year \rere £66,011, but the expenditure was bo muoh greater that the deficiency on the operations of the year amounted to £10,561. In India operations are carried on in Western India, Bengal, and the North-west Provinces; there are 151 stations and sub stations, 54 European missionaries, and 100 native evangelists. In the Island of Ceylon there are 107 stations and sub-stations, 3 European missionaries, and 22 evangelists. In China the principal stations are in Shansi and Shantung; there are 122 stations and Bub- stations, 21 European missionaries, and 18 native evangelists. In Palestine tho chief station is at Nablus, and there are 4 sub stations and 1 European missionary. Africa has 4 stations on the Lower Congo and 6 on the Upper Congo. There are 27 European missionaries at work, and 6 native evangelists. Mission work is also oarried on in the West Indies; at Jamacia; and in Norway, Brittany, and Italy. The statistics for 1889-90 sum marised show the following results:—Mis sionaries, 127; self- supporting churches, 61; evangelists, 736 ; baptised, 3802; number of members, 50,227; day-school teaohers, 381; Sabbath-school teaohers, 2244; day scholars, 17,153; Sabbath scholars, 27,146. Sunday being the centenary of the Baptist missions, the Rev. W. Whale, of the City Tabernacle, during the morning service took oooasion to refer to the event. Mr. Whale took for his text the Acts of tho Apostles xxviii., 28—81, more especially the 28th verse, "Be it known there fore unto you that the salvation of God is sent unto the Gentiles, and that they will hear it." He said the Acts of the Apostles was an incom plete book—a book which was intended for con tinuation all through the oenturies. If they looked into the Bible they would see that the law was complete. It was a sort of self contained revelation, the adaptations of whioh were to be oontinued, but not tho law. As a revelation it was complete So it was with the prophets and the same might be said of the Gospel. It was a completed Gospel; so much so was that true that John par ticularly told them that those things which were written were sufficient for the pur pose—"That we might believe on His name, and believing might have life," and at the end of the book of the Revelations there were the solemn words, "If any man shall add to the prophecy of this book God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book." The centenary of Baptist mission-work was what they had to do with that day, for it was a hundred years to the very day sinco a few ministers met in the house of Mrs. Wallace, at Kettering. They met on the 2nd October, 1792, and formed then and there what is now the Baptist Missionary Sooiety, the Baptist society for the propagation of the Gospel among the heathen. From that day to the present it had been a record of events which would find a plaoe in the book of the Acts of the Apostles. He could imagine, then, that such a man as Paul, the apostle of the Gentiles, would read the record of these 100 years with an unspeakable delight, for he could say " Christ is preached." This book, then, as Paul puts it in the Ephesians, is a great mis sionary report right from Pentecost onwards. He referred to the conversion of Paul and his subsequent mission labours, showing that we likewise, on eonviotion by the Holy Ghost that Jesus of Nazareth was the Christ, should be willing to confess hopefully and joyfully that we were His disciples, and should follow up this confession by entering into sympathy with His purposes, imitating His character, and seeking to make Him to others what He had already become to us—namely, the Christ, the Saviour. The whole of Christianity sub stantially was thus to recognise in Christ God's own Anointed, to openly own Christ Jesus, and to identify ourselves with Him and then to take up the mission and purpose for whioh Christ came, " For as the Father sent me even so send I you." So it was that those early disciples oarried the glad tidings of salva tion wherever they went, and helped a fallen world to know God. The preacher spoke of the great persecution and opposition that the pioneer missionaries encountered about the time of Christ, and it was not asking too muoh to claim that they were veritable heroes. Through the centuries until now that work had been carried on, sometimes with marked success. In the last century George Whitfield and the brothers Wesley had oarried on the work with great zeal, and organised their forces thoroughly. Other churohes felt the wave of power and took wider viows of God's purpose, for whilst Whitfield and Wesley kept to the English-speaking sinners Carey became an apostle to the many-tongued population of India The Baptist Sooiety was the first amongst modern sooieties to send the Gospel to the heathen. It was the blossoming forth into power and fruitfulness of tho prayers of eight years, which were in turn but the reflex aotion of the evangelistic fervour of Whitfield and Wesley during the twenty or thirty years pre ceding; The Baptist- Society, formed 2nd October, 1792, was the first in modern missions. The missions claimed the world for Christ; that wa3 the starting point. "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel," so ran the order of the great Captain. The people of modern times knew a larger world than tho apostle knew. The Medi terranean and the Straits of Gibraltar were not the limitations of their world. The words of his text referrod to Rome. Paul was there in Rome, and Rome was in touch with Britain, and Jerusalem was in touch with Palestine, Egypt, India, and China. There were evidenoes that the apostolic work Bpread very quickly into those countries where missionary work was now being done under the auspioes of the modern missionary society. Carey's work was a revival of the apostolic zeal; then other noble workers had entered into China and India, and the Islands of the Pacific, in fact ramifications of missionary enterprise were now almost universal. From the rising of the Bun to the going down of the same, the name of Jesus was made known. He referred to the noble services rendered by missionaries, not to the Church only, but to the whole world. Thoy had been amongst the best explorers; thoy had invented signs to represent the sounds of language; they had given not only the Scrip tures but dictionaries and vocabularies, and introduced the industries and arts of peace; in heathen lands they had set to work to raise the heathen to manli ness and godliness. That day, 2nd Ootober, 1892, they revered the names of those who in past years had gone out for the glory of Jesuß Christ, and had been persecuted and opposed in every way; many of them had Buffered martyrdom for the cause of Christ. The blood of the martyrs had been the seed of the Church. In conclusion he pointed out that the glories of eternity were for those who are saved, and who in turn become the saviours of others; Christ had aaid, "Inasmuoh as ye did it unto the least of one of these ye did it unto Me." 