VICTORIAN MEMS. A young man, named Harry Lane, died while nuder chloroform for a dental operation at Liunceston last week. The Government have decided to accede to the proposed increase in the number of members of the Federal Council. Mr. Panton, it seems, is eatisfied that the Tyson cure for dipsomania at the Carlton Crescent Sanitonum is a success. The Mercantile Bank is " let in" f ir another £4000 by the failure of Snodgrass M'Farlane, estate agent, South Melbourne. It is generally admitted the Government have selected capable, fair-minded, and fearless men for the Alison Smith Inquiry Board in Messrs. Kernot, Akehurst, and Howitt. Sir Graham Berry, in tendering his resignation as one of the liquidators of the Mercantile Bank, advised his fellow- shareholders not to " lose their beads." For many present there was little else left to lose. When Sir Matthew Davids was in London he was shown a telegram by a press man, stating that he had left Melbourne afier appropriating £600,000. That." said Sir Matthew, «is the sort of thing that confronted me abroad." Press men, especially tbose who bave to' do with racing, are proverbially poor, but the late N. It. D. Bond, whose will was filed last week, leaves behind him close on £1000, which he divides between his two sisters iu England. The senior Harbor Trmt employes, who consider that they have been uiij'istlv supplanted by younger men, who are members of tbe Harbor Trust Battery, are drawing up a petition to the Commissioners, setting out their grievances. The wool traffic of the Raiiway Department is now in full swing, end special arrangements in connection with the wool season bave been completed. Wool is coming forward in quantities quite equal to the op' ning r>t last season, and is rather earlier in Eastern Kivcrina. Dsvy Jones, for years chief of the Queensland Hansard staff, has gone to his locker. He was one of the few writers in Australia of Gurney's system of tbcrthand, and in the early days occupied a position on the Argus Parliamentary staff No mors genial man ever sat in a reporter's box. A shipment of 92 tons of butter was despatched to London on Saturday by tbe mail steamer Mausilia. It is all of firbt-ctass quality, and was carefully graded and branded by tbe officers of the Agricultural Department at the Newport refrigerating works before being placed in the steamei's cool chambers. A Melbourne paper lately credited Lord Rosebery with the remark that the peonle of Syduoy " eit on 22-eiiinra cba?r«> ord 1 r-.c-b at 16- shilling oleographs," The Pall Matt Gazette J thinks that in all probability this outrageous libel cn the artistic tastes of the Sydueyitos was penned by a spiteful Meibomian, and then fathered on the new Foreign Secretary tomake it more effective. The Asiemb'y will again decline to adopt the Council's amendments respecting differential assessment in the Municipal Bating Bill, and •will send the measure up once more to the Upper House. Should the " Lords " persist in rejecting the 6 per cent, provision, the Government will throw the responsibility on them. It is not the fault of the Assembly, it is pointed oat, if properties are assessed at too high a value. Emigration from Victoria is still going on- According to Mr. II. II. Ilajter, the arrivals by sea numbered 14,539 but the recorded departures amounted to 18,681 The unrecorded departures being taken into account, the loss is estimated at 2403, but this only relates to the sea route, and departures and arrivals by overland are not noticed t so that it is probible that the loss of Victoria is much larger than is estimated. At the committee meeting of the Mansfield Agricultural and Pastoral ; Society held last week, judges were being appointed: The name of one gentleman was mentioned (states the Courier), and this caused a member of the committee to remark : " He was a good judge last year." " Wby, how do you make that out f" asked a second committeeman, but before the first had time to reply, a third chipped in with, "Oh, I suppose he got the first priis." " That's it exactly," remarked committeeman No. 1. A deputation of Kutherglen vinegrowers, including Mr. Caughey, of Mount Prior, and others, waited upon the Minister of Agriculture and urged the construction of the long promised wine cellars and laboratory at Kutherglen. The Minister eaid the cellars had been promised and should be built, and a sum of £2000 would, he thought, be placed on the estimates for th it purpose. The deputation left in good spirits, since the amount formerly promised was £1200. But that has since been shown to be too small for the purpose. The frolicsome youth who has been playing the ghost in various suburbs of Melbourne, has been giviag the Essendon people a turn lately, and alreadyseveral women have been considerably scared by the sudden apparition of a tall figure of phosphorescent hue. The local police and the amateur detectives who have laid themselves out to capture his ghoetehip have so far been unsuccessful, and it is probable that by this time he has shifted the scene of operations. The story goes that the idiot is carryiDg on these outrageous pranka to win a wager, A correspondent writes:— 11 For some time past practical joking has been carried on at Oorop to an extent that goes beyond the bounds of patieDce. The last freak Of-these young larrikins was to put some tar on the saddles of two horses that were standing outside one of the hotels one eveniDg. The state of the riders when they got home may very well be imagined. Inquiries were made with the result -that the delinquents were discovered, and in order to avoid legal proceedings, they 'had to make a donation of £5 to the district charitable institution-." A serious accident occurred at Tooan, 10 miles from Natimuk, on the 7th inst. Robert J?ry, brother-in-law of Mr. Robert M'CIure, J.P., while out shooting, left his gun against a tree end helped two companions to cut Bime boughs When he went back for the gun his mates heard an explosion, and found Fry insensible. They took him home two miles, and sent for Dr. Strangman, of Natimuk; who found it necessary to amputate the left arm at the elbow. Fry is in a very precarious condition from loss of blood, as the main arteries were severed by the shot. It 1B supposed that the gun went off when Fry picked it up. The Attorney-General has received a letter from Mr. John Hogan, till recently a warder in Melbourne Gaol, complaining that he had been defrauded by the iBsue of a false balance-sheet in connection with the Anglo-Australian Bank, and was induced to invest all his moneys in the institution because of its large reserve fund which it alleged existed. Hogan allegeB that he finds himself a ruined man in old age. It iB not within his power to make proper inquiry, and he therefore calls upon the Government to see that justice is done. He offers; if necessary, to swear an information against the persons concerned. Numerous complaints have been made to the Minister of Agriculture on behalf uf the butter factory companies that earned a bonus last year that the money has not yet been paid to them. The reply of the Minister has been that Parliament has not yet provided the money. To that the members representing the companies point out that Parliament has not been asked to vote the money, and that as the companies obtained overdrafts at the banks an injustice is being done. Mr. Graham now intimates he will take the earliest opportunity to pass the Agricultural Grants Bill, which provides money for the payment of the boniises. Upon the transfer of the exercise of the prerogative of mercy in death sentences fnm the Governor of Victoria to his responsible Ministers a few weeks ago, the Premier wrote to the Governments of the other colonies suggesting that a uniform practice be adopted throughout Australia, an* it would be well if the prerogative were left in the handB of the Cabioet. Nearly all the othpr colonies concurred; but the Tasmanian Government has written stating thit capital cases are rare in that colony, only one execution having taken place during the last eight years, it would not decide upon the mode of procedure to be followed, as it would have to be considered by the Government. There is at present in the Kyneton Private Hospital a patient who is making satisfactory and rapid Btrides towards convalescence, who ten days since underwent a remarkable operation (states the Guardian). It seems that the patient in question had been a sufferer for a long time from a large hydatid tumor, which bad its seat in the abdomen. In size it was larger than the largest sired football. It was skilfully and Burcenfnlly removed entire ten daya since, with tho satisfactory result we hare stated. We )eua trow one ot (he medical gentlemen who assisted that the operation undertaken is the very latest and likely to 3*8 this faost sufcce&fU;' of all operations for this dread disease. About a month ago there was a Chinese football match played on the Eastern Oval, Ballarat. The novelty of the affair attracted considerable attention, but there Was one circumstance in connection with the match, even stranger and .more exciting than the play of Li Hung and Wo Chang. It appears that arrangements bad been made to drain the Oval, and several loads of quartz were carted there for the purpose of lining the drain, &c.; While watching the match, a boy's attention was drawn to the quartz by the appearance of something yellowish, and on stooping to examine it, he found lying on the top of the quarte as fine a Specimen of a " gilded stone " as a digger would have cared to see even in the old days, containing about 3oz of gold. There is mnch to recommend the provident fund project of the Aiutralasian Institute of Journalists. It iB not reckless improvidence which keepB the average journalist, amongst the poorest of the community; there is a Bohemian element associated with his daily occupation which ii quite incompatible with the saving propensity which many less intelligent and less worthy members of the community cultivate. Of course there iB a Scotchman here and there among Pressmen; but after a tew years of life, even he loses the native instinct which elevates ths common thistle into a food fit for the gods. The Benevolent Asylum is certainly not the earthly paradise to which the honest pnblic servant, as every newspaper man is, should be consigned when he has become a useless, wornout machine'. What seems a mostmysterioos'disappearance of jewellery, valued at £200, is being investigated by Detectives Ward and Macmauany. Some days ago a case containing valuable diamond and sapphire rings was missed at Messrs. Rosenthal, Aronaon, and Co.'s premises, wholesale jewellers, Sc.c., Lonsdale-street, Melbourne. The strictest inquiry failed to throw any light on the affair, and it does not seem to be known who was the last employe to have charge of the casket The detectives' inquiries have so far been equally fruitless. All the travellers and employe* have been carefully questioned in re gard to the matter, but all appear to be alike perplexed. It was at first thought that the casket had been mislaid, but the detectives • are inclined to regard its disappearance in a more serious manner. No theory is advanced, however, as to how a thief could get in without attracting attention or leaving some other traee of his visit. A robbery of £60 in £10 notes was reported to the police last week by Martin Maloney, i laborer, who lodges at the Duke of Kent Hotel Latrobe-street, Melbourne. Maloney seems to have lost his money in a very singnlar mariher. He states that in company with a friend he went to the Bank of New South Wales, Oollins-street, on Monday morning. Having filled in a cheque for £70, he received the money in £10 notes He' changed one of these for sovereigns at Phair'a Hotel, Oollins-street, directly after leaving the bank, and then treated his friend to several drinks at different hotels in the city Maloney, by his own admission, became intoxi cated, and had to be taken home. In the morn ing he discovered that his money had been stolen. Luckily he had given his friend eight sovereigns to mind' for him, which the man promptly refunded. The latter, however, was unable to throw any light on -the disappearabce of the bank notes A detective has the matter in hand. Between 10 and 11 o'clock last Friday night a man was seen struggling violently in. the Bay some little way from the end of St. Kilda pier, It was aparent;that he was either a very indifferent swimmer or was unable from some other cause to make.any headway back to the pier, from which he bad'either jumped or fallen Several persona went to bis rescue, but he sank beneath the water several times before they reached him. When they did succeed in getting him out they adopted the usual measures to try and restore animation, but failed, and the police were then called up. They brought the body into the Melbourne morgue about midnight. The body is that of a man not more apparently than 30 years of age, very respectably attired. Sundry papers found in the pockets bear the name of WilliB. There was also a temperance pledge ticket issued by the South Melbourne Abstinence Society to " William Willis," as well as a private letter addressed to the same person at Collingwood. The let er had been sent from Sandhurst A deputation representing the Journeymen Butchers' Association waited upon the Treasurer a fen days since and urged a reduction' in the stock tax. It was pointed out that owing to the dearness of meat and the Short supply, a large number of journeymen had been discharged by the master butchers. One cause of the fallingoff iu trade was" that the mail steamers which used formerly to contract at Melbourne for their meat supplies, had in consequence of the stock tax transferred their custom to Sydney, and the freezing trade was also leaving Melbourne. Freezing works were being established in Queens land and New South Wales. The weekly snp ply of cattle in Melbourne had considerably decreased. Sir Graham Berry eaid it was Dot ^ the prices that led to the falling-off in trade, but the lessened consumption through the want of employment. The question of an increased stock tax had 'been put to the country, but the Government reduced the proposed amount to 30s. per head, with the idea'of substituting Victorian for Queensland beef. The falling off in trade was due to a more «evero depression than was ever knowa in the colony The dinger of possessing indecent literature was exemplified at the Disttict Court, Melbourne last week, when Leon Crawcour, pawnbroker' Bourke-street, was floed £25, at the instance of the Oommisf-ioner of Customs, for such offence against tbe moral laws of the colony. A book undoubtedly of a grossly indecent character, was* seen in tbe possession of the defendant at his own place of business, and evidence was given to the effect that he had tried to effect a sale Possession of the book was admitted, but the attempted sale was denied, and the explanation was offered that the defendant had merely borrowed the bppk with » view ot ebowipg it to , 3me friends. On behalf of the defondant Mr D,wis contended that Uhder the act he mere possession of such a book was not in_ itself an offence, but that some conn^uonwiththoxm portation ought to be proved. The defendant had agreed' to abide by the decision of the Minister of Customs, who ordered him to pay a penalty of £20, but the defendant refused to accept this decision. Ihe Bencn considered that there had been an offence, and fined the defendant £26, without costs Speaking upon the paper of the Rev. H. D. French, rector of St. George's, Canterbury, read before the Church Congress at Folkestone upon the neglect of religious education in the colonies, the Lord Bishop of Manchester, Dr. Jarnes Moorhouse, formerly Bishop of Melbourne, delivered an addresB. He implied that the proportion of criminal convictions in Victoria was increasing, owing to the want of religious education in the schools. Secular education had proved powerless to diminish the number ot orimei, for the most serious crimes were committed by the best-educated criminals. It was hopeless to expect children to attend and receive religious teaching before or after school hours, and they would not abandon part of their Saturday holiday for the same purpose. The Assembly, had discovered its mistake, and had taken tbe first step towards religious education by passing a resolution to restore the name of their dear Lord in the reading books from which it had been excluded by a bastard liberalism. He prayed that the rulers of the colony would turn their backs upon the desolating secular system, which left so many moral wrecks in its train; The postmistress at Traralgon, GIppsland (Mrs. Dunne), who was recently visited by a person who made use of the telegraph wires to perpetrate a money order swindle, explains that she was never called upon either to resign her poBition/in the service or to pay the £40 which the swindler and his accomplice in Melbourne obtained from the Postal Department by means of an unauthenticated telegraphic money order. Mrs. Dhnne also makes the statement, hitherto .unpublished, that the swindler had been formerly employed in tbe Traralgon office, and that his plea of calling to see his former associates was therefore the more readily accepted as an excuse for his visit. He also said he was on his way to BairnBdale on sick leave. His complete knowledge of the office and of the existence of a practice permitted when operators are personally Known to each othe'-, of "speaking" on the wires, enabled bim to execute the fraud without exciting any suspicion, Mrs, Dunne thinks tbe publication of the narrative of the fraud is calculated to injure her, and claims that there are many other offices where a similar fraud might easily have been committed by such an expert swindler, A nnmber of railway officers who have retired through age from the pubiic Service have applied to the Minister for compensation in lieu of pensions. If it became the rule to grant these<re» quests,'the Government would find itself out of pocket by its retrenchment policy at the end of the year/ but, fortified by the opinion of the •Grown Solicitor, tbe Railway Department in reserving to iteelf the right to pay annual pen-' ons or a lump sum in compensation to thoBe SBeers over the age of 60 compelled to retire from the service, but no such rule applies to sexagenarians of the Public Service. The latter, on retiring, Teceive annually as a pension onesixtieth of the average salary they were paid during the last three years, for every year they were in the service. A lump svm equal to nine months' salary is paid only in cases where the civil servant finds himself compelled to retire owing to ill-health, .A similar allowance is made to retiring sexagenarians 10 years in the service who entered it prior to 1881. In regard, 'to railway officers forced to sever their connection with the department, it is understood that £100 is the maximum amount which will be paid as compensation in a lump sum. The question of issuing, long service medals has been under consideration by the Australian (Governments for some time past, and especially by . the Victorian Defence authorities, who are particularly affected by it. The Victorian ser- vice initiated the practice in Australia of issuing a long ^service medal ^or 16 years' continuous service iu the old and present forces, and for 10 years in the present force alone, such medal being awarded to officers and men alike. The medal has been warmly valued by members of the local forces, especially those belonging to the old volunteer system, who built ap the preeent force, and to whom it was the only form of re cognition vouchsafed for their long and enthu siastic service. It has been pointed out by tbe War Office, however, that the iBsue to officers was an informality, and one which the Imperial authorities considered out of place, on the ground that distinctions in the form of decorations should be issued to officers for active service only. The Victorian long service medal was further regarded as an inferior distinction, and "the present military commandant objected to its continuation, as he was opposed to the issue of medals of all kinds, holding that a soldier should do his duty without the stimulus of a reward. This attack on the local medal by the Imperial representatives has caused much irritation in the service. A man named James Fitzpatrick, who was for some years employed on the Rockbank station, on the Ballan and Ballarat line, about 18 miles from Melbourne, as a fencer, was drowned on Ibursday, 6th inst, under somewhat peculiar circumstances. An inquest was held on Saturday last by Mr. Candler, and from the evidence adduced it appeared that the deceased bad been drinking heavily at Gillon'* Hotel for some days, and on Thursday grew exceedingly noisy A carter named Mackay, who is employed by Dr Plummer, of Gisbome, and who was on his way to town, called at the hotel, and feeing deceased was very drunk put a bag over his head. Somebri n * tbe wheelbarrow round, and this being done, the deceased was placed in it. Mackay then ran deceased down underneath ^ich was a waterhole, containing about 2ft. of water. On Mackay's return someone said «'Ton didn't harm the » nd M » ck »y "plied that he had only placed him on the bank a few-feat away from the water, bat he was pnly «lfttle wet, afterwards the boy who had a^mponied Mackavwith tfee wheelbarrow returned to the waterhofe and he fonnd deceased lying f aca-downwards in the water. He called for asmstanpe,. and the deceased WM dragged out of the water and strenuous efforts made to restore Mixtion, but without avail. The irqaestwas adjjprned for the production of further evidence. A case of attempted wife murder is at present occupying the attention of the CamberweUt p 3 Last week a man named MaA Cornet, who resides with his wife and familyof three grown up children at Bflwyn, gave his wife.* Small sum of money and Bhe went ont .and brought in three quarts of beer. They Jwth drank the ale and a quarrel ensued. Mrs^Compart had been previously marned andthe .family are all by th6 first marriage. Compart said that her children were a loafing lot, and warm words : passed. The wife statesthat Compart picked np , a poker and struck her three blows on the .head* The woman, who was saturated with blood, rushed into the street, and a butcher conveyed informal tion to the police. Constable MUlcare fonnd the woman on the road in a weak state. She was removed to the residence of Dr. M'Gillivray, who found that tbe woman's skull was fractured, and there was very little chance of her recovering. The constable found Compart in the house, and he first denied having assaulted his wife, but the state of the room showed that he had attempted to wash out tbe bloodstains. The poker was found hidden away in the front room. While at the lockup tbe accused admitted haying struck bis wife with the poker, and said she had driven bim to it by her tongue. He took matters very coolly, and remarked, 11 1 might as well die in gaol, as the Government will have the j-»b ol hanging me." The accused is 66 years of age and the wife 16 years. They have been married four years, ' A cool swindle had been perpetrated upon Alexander Mscdonald, a farmer, froih New South Wales, by two persons whom he met on board a steamer coming from Sydney. The steamer arrived in Melbourne on Thursday last. During the passage the strangers consistently sought the farmer's company, and one of them gave it out that he (the stranger) was eoming to Melbourne to claim an inheritance of soma thousands of pounds. The far.neT, who ia understood to have come to Melbourne on a matrimonial errand, seems to have been much impressed with the importance of the self-styled legatee, and when the steamer was moored the trio went to the FederalCoffee Palace, Collinsstreet west, They then went for a-walk.. They had reached Collins-stireet east when one of the strangers returned to the coffee palace, and the remaining man, he who said be had come into the fortune," remarked that he thought, he would buy some jewellery. This was just at the entrance to Universal-chambers, where there ia an auction mart. But be waB Bhort, he averred, of ready money. Wonld Macdonald lend him some until the bank opened on the following day ? Macdonald lent him 30 sovereigns, and he entered Universal-bhambers. Bat lie did not return. In fact-he jdid what has co'me to be known as the " disappearing trick," ,by' going out tbe back way, and haistened to the«offed' palace. He and his supposed accomplice lb Ihe swindle then called a cab and depai$ed~ with what little luggage they had Macdonald his storj to the police, and a warrant ht* .bbea : issued for the arrest of the man who, obtained, the money. It is supposed the.men are.twoitf the magsmen who travel by steamer, and trtfn on the look out for the gullible traveller.^'^ The following letter from - a young Victorias settled at Mildura will be read with mnch attea*' tion by all who are interested in establishing' irrigation settlements" Now is a very^raubled tjme here, due to a band of. agitators, >who. haya got hold of some, stupid idea that the, 5haffeyjtshould pump wAter for nothing—which is jiot. Apart from this difficulty, l am a much, .firmer believer in the capabilities of mallee . dr ploe land nnder irrigation to-day thanll was three years ago, when I was so mnch taken by tbe novelty. I almost doubted its real, capabilities. Tbe sncoeBs that has attended our fint trophy at the three shows—Melbourne (two) Baliarat/one) —and the practical offers of buyers to giva Prices of Is. Id. per lb. for dried apricots (which will be our most profitable crops) jneans -a very handsome return per acre, as the average yield of ;six-year-oId trees is abont four 4tons green or one and one-third tons dry, .These trees, however, bear well iu four yeaip. Of these men who are doing their level best to .ruin the name of this place in the eyes of intending settlers, not one is an authority cn. farming, irrigation, or engineering. Notwithstanding the unsettled state of affairs here over this watet trouble, Chsff-y Bros, are still selling land, and I would have no hesitation did I require more land in immediately taking it np, but I tbink" 20 acres as mnch as one man can do justice to. I have bepn there quite long enough (nearly thre£ years) to satisfy myself that a decent living can be made from a 20-acre patch here, bnt not a fortune; you can't make a fortune and only nsk three years'labor and a few hundred pounds. The things I have found grow best here are lucerne AL. (Bacchus Marsh not accepted), apri. cots, peachep, yines (for wine) raisins, nectarines, oranges and lemons." 