Sngiaeta JtartBooke's-flteTt r , We were* sitting in the sun on the south side of the Montana Union Depot* in Butte, when Jim told thn Mm* *&&*- ff*^* *W & his; ▼oioQ nnfl ii moisture in ; his *yes: that -^iir^4i6w£oepty his feelings were moved by the tain a chance remark led him to tell. Everyone who knows Jim Ctook-^indjvho..qofi8n:tj(:upwtne j rugged fsngineer, ?one of the oldest men in the Union Pacific' service!— knows that his heart is built in proportion.**) his massive frame. Touch him right, and no woman could bo more tender ; rile him, nnd no grizzly could lie more fierce. Jim ban. seen exciting times in the service of Union Pacific, and his, mind iV stored with reminiscences of the early days of transcontinental rail roading. .--, Wjb had been chatting in a ram bling desultory 'way**of snow-bound trains, when tho suhject was' suddenly- shifted, and I happened the robbery of a Northern Pacific train near Fargo. Jim's inunner changed instantly. ?? ? He hud b«en leaning forward, rest- , ing his elbows on his knees, and .'up- porting his chin with the palms of his hands. Now he sat bolt upright ; his eyes flashed, and his whole manner seemed to indicate that his brain was conceiving a flood of ; eloquence which his tongue could not fiishion into . words. One could see tragedy in his face, but the next minute the ex pression changad to one of pity. Then he began to talk. I wish an iidequute idea of his manner, of telling it could be given with his story. He seemed U- see the I hin« he was describing. 1 Hold up,' said he. ? I never wsis in but one, nnd I nnver hear of one that doesn't call up the ghost of poor Charlie White to haunt me. Charlie viwin pvnrvRairiia.nl in t.Vip njirlv r1nvs A pluckier little man never breathed. He had been a telegraph operator in Frisco before he got on our run, and I knew him first rate. Knew his wife, too, for he was married — a little pink and white wux-doll sort of woman, who ? looked like a saint. We had long runs in those days. Our division — Charlie changed «vith me — extended from .Frisco to B — — ' (I've forgotten the ft ition named by Jim). * One afternoon — we left nt 2.20 — as -we were pulling out of the depot at Frisco I: got the bell.' As I brought, her to a stand I saw the Wells Fargo : run up to the express car and hand Charlie u square tin box with a grip handle. Looking back as she got Ikt head again, I saw the express jigMit making » motion to phartie. . Lmntti £ ' half out «»f the door, Charlie shipped his belt and smiled. 'Just beyond them I saw'somcthing else — two rough-looking, bearded men, swinging up one after the other on the rear platform of the last car. Then I thought nothing of it; afterwards I Irnew that they had l-een shadowing the express agent. ? All Afternoon I had an uneasy feeling. Every engineer is a bit superstitious; 1 suppose, auil I remem bered that I wondereil wh'i'tlier my uncusini.'ss wasn't n prerrionitioii of bad luck. We ran along without mis hap during the early evening, but wrten we, .stopped t«V *«ke water. at,9 o'clock I caught higl)t of a dark figure -stealing along in the shadow of the express. 'I calli-d to Tom, my fireman, to see who it wns, but when die-turnwil it -was gone This didn t ; Iwitlier, me much at the time — it might, have' been a br;ikie or I he conductor, but I hadn't noticed uuy onductor ? * While we wor* tearing away again ^^i -pretty good pace, J^u^denly, *«auglit'ii'cicking sound like tlie put ting on of lirakiis. It was a trifle up grade nt that point, and I hadn't . called for'em.) ; Tjilling Tom W keep her going as she wan, I ,c|iinl-rtl back -over the tender to see what wns the matter. ' Just fl»s I gufHvthfi rear I noticed a widening gap between tho tender and the express, and realised that wo ?were uncoupled, and that ..the b«!l rope hud'ltoftn output tjlje f&nTe;' tinifiT caw onerjbf ilie^bHa«lei)'iiiVh^ind!iig at thrt l«^ke.Whnjjt«»f *he eapriss. yHe had mficiover.'d with n sevwlvar. ' As I dauilMMvd . B*k to tlier a - T them .in quick si-c :p s on. ^ IvmuI Agents ! ' Tom yelled in my ear as I topk.4he Jevea. I limught her up as ? quick nK fVcOtljd, Indjield her ready to run foVwaffl oTDaWward as circum stances might decide, ? 'The train had almost come to r standstill, when I saw a gleam of light . Wt?th%ug% 'the -jugfitfuoput^idWy of -the «ar. Then that it(leik:,ti£ light was darkened by the lengthened shadow of a man, which moved cross wise of the train, and seemed to melt : ouTt intfiiho nigKtTJ' -^Getrback, bharlie I ' I yelled, for I thought that he was about to look out for tho cause of our stopping. '?Open your head again, and T'll blow it off 1' said a voin- ????-iilc in*. Turning, ,1 §aw. ja inaa...nt»i'»&b-if; th« cab's front windows. They had jumped up oVtho T-ilotr'«-*s ceopt back alongside of the boiler. 11 Them soemed to be a dozen of the robbers. Not more than two had come-on- th« jtntiii -Ir WiHS-aurw.^.The Vhole thing h«l be«n -planned. TJir» ? near the engine, with the exception of the two at the cab windows, made a rush for the express car. . As they ran into ths, stream of light -cottons; through . the opon , door : a shot ti red from the darkness to the left of the train tumbled one of them to the ground. The otlitrs fusillodnd the spot from which t)ie shots i appeared to come, and then two shots fired under the train from the other side nnd another /shot away out in the dark laid one of the thieves out cold, and ' caused another one to liow\ 'The traimucri were beginning to fight.' My blood got warm, i had a good six shooter under my seal^ and if that fellow at the cub had. only token his eye off me for a moment ltd have been out there helping the Imys. ; Those at the rwir of the train' then joined those in front, and nil made a dash at the open door of the express. They wcrp all in a bunch in the light. 'The first man to enter, the door st o 1 a moment, and then foil outsi- ? in the crowd. The shot came from the dnrkiiKss away out in the left. Another man tried it. As he fell on his face in the car the others, who had l-een watching, fired a volley at the flash away oft in the dark. The next, man who tried to enter the train succe ded. ' The others kept watch until he re appeared at the door. Something was wrong. ? .Two others got in to help him. Then one of diem whistled, and inyjnan nt the window jumped off and ran back to rhe tr.-iin. 'That was my clmnce. Out came the gun from under my w-.it, and I got «v stinjmlMtt at Trim's tnivu; Uuv missed him. As he turned on me Tom struck his arm with n wrench, knocking tin; pint ul from liis hand. He jumped off into the darkness. Wo backed her slowly up towards the train, firing a* w« went. ' Suddenly n dark form rose up on Tom's side of thtt trnck end threw something into the tender. Tom and J both fired at the man. He staggered up ngaitist llm cab steps nnd groaned. Then by aJsup-'rhuman effort Ijp .caught the hand rail, and just' as' we' w«re preparing to give him another shot he dragged his fnce to tho light. ' Tt was Charlie ! We had both hit him,: :, ? ? ? 'Pull out, Jim, and save the box !' 'That was all he said. Tt was the box he had thrown into the tender. No matter how much there, was in it, !*he «tuft? WHs'nt -worth the life of the ihoy -'ho saved , /it to .the company. . While I lifted Charlie up to the seat, Tom throw the old engine wide open, and we ran away from the train, rob bers and all. ^ ' It. ,w»s. 4p. juy)mr\Q tljg nearest s'titiiin, a 'sniiill troveriiinent4 post. Teni fed nnd worked the engine. I sat on the seat beside Charlie and held him lip. j The tattle .aud rumble of the wheels ocpus'jd me at every resolution. : ' ' They ^itemed to be ivpeating the. words ' You hive killed him ' You ltit\TJ tilleil him!' Tom made those 40 milps in a,n hour; good tim» over iliat road 'at tint day, but it seemed to me ftn age. As we were running (n ToTti j Jtive them bejl and whistle' lx»th, and then, when «he camo to U Btn\kl, he fired two shots. The blue caiisAvere out in a JiBy. j-IJEvory thing was told. Jn a few words. ChiffliP'iSrrtrMjfJPried )nto the quaners and turnVd'6v-fr~ f«'the sur geon, a fine old fellow named Hainil ,tim.4-Wl&\ J»njworfc ,fifi (^Q,;|n^'pvje ran back to the train. The robbeijs, had left. Finding the express . empty of treasure,. '. they . hod tried to .go through the train.', There were. 'too many revolrera ihmong the . passengers, however, und they drew off. ;- ...- ? '. i ? When wp reached the spot again Surgeon Hamilton walked up to the cab. ' Are you Jim Cook 1 ' said he. I nodded. 'Tflko these to ; J^Ir. White's wife, and handed mn Charlie's watch, a bank-book, and a bunch of keys. . ' He told me t*» tell you,'. Uib surgeon went, 'not to feel bad about that shot. The road agents found him .with that : last volley, and he would have gone under anyhow from his other wounds. His body will go back with you on your return, and I will give you a letter to the express company' ..:?...-?? 4 Tom cried like a shild. I couldn't cry ; my brain wemed to be on fire.; I was thinking one minute of how re proachfully Charley had looked at me when he was swung into the cab with a dying effort, and the next of a f rail little woman in 'Frisco who. was patiently waiting Charlie's return. ' The company gave her a pension but she didn't need it lon».' .' What was in the box ?' I asked. * Certiticnr«K of stock in a wild cat mining scheme.' -? Why—' ' It was like this,' said Jim, wiping his eyes and bringing his story: to a dose. 'The. express agent saw ..that somehow the fact that a shipment of treatsere was to be made had leaked out. At the last moment he substi tuted a lot of worthless securities. He saw that he was shadowed on the way to the train, and he acted up at the depot just to throw the robbers off the scene and to make them believe that, the shipment was really being made by our train.' — Jok Quail (in lttney stander.) Comedian : ' I've bad news for you, old man ; our leading lady, your wife, hits eloped with the bill-poster.' Man ager : ' Horrible ! How are we ever to get tint next town billed.' 