CHAPTER V. "ni'< r • The snn upon the third Sunday in June irnd gold tinged nature’? sweetest garb. I have never witnessed a more perfect dawn. And it was thb beauty o'" tiiat morning that caused Ivan to in vito Irene nud mo to take a run over the Palisades. Ivan had been making a day of it every Sabbath for a month past, and bis descriptions of the scenes had so awakened us t.. tin* anticipation of a. jolly outing that Irene and 1 gladly con sented to go. Ten o’clc-’k found us high upou tho cliffs overlooking tho grand old Hudson. It ,7nnst have been an hour past mid day when a cloud, m mere dot, appeared like a freckle upon the face of the sun. A nervous breere sprang up. more ac tive than the calm, fanning wind of the morning. The cloud cast a shadow .upon-the treeiop, and f»r a mumeut its limbs formed the outlines of a double cross upon the white doth beneath onr little banquet. 1 started ns one but of a dream and luOked*at Ivan. My face must have been;as colorless aa the, spread, for ho asked if I wereill. "Lookl’’ I exclaimed. “That double Ho seemed not to understand. “It is only a shadow,” he said. “Bnfconco-before I saw it. Don’t yon remember—upon the back of my let i- ter:” Ho laughed outright, called me a fool ish woman and told me that I must not cling to superstition". “A strange trait, that, with the Swe dish peoplo,” he added. “They swear by signs. •« Why, upon my word, Cesca, if you go on like-this you will be telling us that you see some of those funny lit tle men popping out of the rocks yonder, akin to those that your Swedish peasants declare dwell in tho forest. And while I think about it, Rip Van Winkle's little I gnomes did use to play at tenpins not far np the river—over in Sleepy Hollow, you know,”;he jested. He had no sooner 6poken than a huge, j thick cloud .flung its black.ruantel over the . face of the sun. The wind arose, 1 uglier, madder, faster. The waters of the Hudson roso and pranced and stood up right. A great, roaring noise of threat and chaos filled tho air, deafening in its force. Tho waters below dashed and foamed. Small sails were picked up, tossed and hurled, shoreward. Tho ontiag parties made for the shel ter of cafes and the village near by. Confusion reigned. The sky grew dark black. The imps of evil seemed to rise out of the very earth beneath our feet. Agents of fury and warning dan gled from tho sky. A brilliant flash of lightning crossed the scene, quickly followed by a crash of thunder. I clung to Irene, who was quaking with fright. The fla-ii bad told ‘me that Ivan was deathly pale. • Too late to move now’.” was ail that h° could say. “But it is hardly upon U". We might reach the neare"* cafe. Besides, this tree is a dangerous conductor," I pro 1 tested. I “The whole scene is shrouded," he whispered. "We are as safe here as any Another flash came! In the direction of the-bushes .to the west I noticed a figure stealing,toward us—a woman. “Look! She has lost her wav. Come nearer to mo—closer, Ivan, closer! I fear! I -tremble!'’ I cried, us he clasped me in liis anus. But tho -woman only quickened her pace, which wo discov ered by tlio frequent flashes of light. Faster anil faster sho ran toward ns. Irene, liecoming inconsolable, rushed off to tho,nearest cafe. Tho woman twns now upon ns! For an instant a bright flash illnwiunted tho spot. Hooked; I saw a face. Great God! Vera! “Ivan!" I cried. “Do you see! A spirit! Her spectre! Vera's ghost!" Tho man strove to speak. His ton cue was lashed to the roof of his month. Fie moved—confronted her. the phantom like figure.-ns a daredevil might faeo a harbinger of death! ] “At-lastr tho womnn cried. “Vera!’’ screamed Ivan, and fell upon his knees before her. “It is here that I find you!-'she con tinned. “I have tracked you many times, thinking that you were but build ing our plans ns we agreed.” "As who ngreed?”Tvnn cried. “Von, Ivan Trolsky, my husband, and I, Vera, your wife!” site answered, as her hoi temper fired her. “Yes, as wo agreed! 1 have.crossed your path a scoro of times.- Under the park treo I heard you plight your troth. In tho lover's seat 1 have heard your passionate words of love. I have wutched and waited pa tiently, believing that you hut soheined as we had promised. But now you have gone too far. Yofir words are no longer empty-houuiIs. You love-thnt.girl! Alt, deny it not! Trust to n womun's:eyes to read thoperfidy in a inau'sdienrt!' ‘•Vera!” he protested, nslcrept further into the shado to miss the flash of her temper. “Out u]Hin it!” she exclaimed. “The farce lias gone far enough! You would have made it tragedy! Oh, I know! Tho girl's failing health but a few weeks back, her discovery of her weakness, your attempts to ptdson her! It is too true! And where is the stranger you found fainting in the street? Olef—where is he?” “God! Olef!" I screamed, as the fright ful truth all darted to my brain. “The stranger, the accident, the hospital!” I bent my tortured heart to listen. “Where is lie:" she repeated. “You have told mo in your letters—the forci ble detention of Olef at your friend's hoiv«e—now confess itl And tho se curities that you stole from his bag and sent to me! Ah! you would—wmild have killed the girl for her fortune, as we agreed! But your beavt.even blacker than mine, turned false to your wife! You ruined tiie plot by your perfidy! Jeal ousy drives mo to confess it! You loved her! I am hero to avenge the wrong! You would have wrought a tragedy—till your mind turned topsy-turvy, and then you would have wed the girl, deceiving her into tiie belief that I was dead! But now it is iny turn! 'Vo will end it here! Aye, and with a tragedy indeed! Now pay for your- sinel" And with the stout anus of a lnaninc Vera bound him in his tracks; then with giant force she pushed him to the clifT. My heart stood still! The ground whirled! At last Ivan found his speech. “Woniap! what would you d<>?" and h« struggled with her as one of his feet slipped over the rock. He was falling! “Vera!” ha gasped. “Mo words, man! Over, I say!” And as she gathered strength to force him down he clytrbed a bush. “Your false, lying tongue shall deceive no more! “Stop'." rang out a voice, and to Ivan's aid entuo a strong arm, dragging him back to the green turf, where lie lay ex hausted and speechless. The dense clouds bung heavier. A tremendous flood of fire swept down. A deafening crash instantly-followed and ahown lsilt of thunder fell nt our feet. Tho ragged clouds parted. The light swung over the scene. “Olef!” And I leaped into tho arms of my boy “Your worthless life is spared you this time!” cried Yern to Ivan. But he spoke not. Tho sun broke forth from the edgo of a ragged cloud, shining over the up turned face of tho defenseless man. "Wo looked. Vera had been talking to tho dead! The forked light had left the seared mark of n double cross upon liis brow! “Cesca dear, can vou not speak?” cried Glef. “Yes, that is all that 1 can do. You find me-here, the withered hush that y,c: have made-me—a heart without a green leaf npon its twigs;, a dead tree, upon which yon hung your cruel letter, vour message'of adien, your declaration to ' become the-husband of another!” “.Cesca!” wits all the protest that he could make. “Cesca!” cried Vent. “It was my wickedness! It was I who wrote my own death let!er. 1 went to Stockholm, and from one of OleFs letters that lie had sent to voit, forwarded back to Swe den to me by Ivan Trulsky. 1 forged OleFs hand; and that Iv;ui might recog nize it I marked the letter with the "double cross,” ns understood between us. It was I who sent - the cable dis patch and the last letter to. Ivan, signed •Olef.’. I released bint from his bondage with dvan'a false ifrieiids, and the ohl • housekeeper told : us where you were to \- day. -I saved your securities. They are ..liefe,” she concluded, handing me a ; packet. ' The sun beamed brighter. The fresh ■ ened trees and gmw>s held up their green heads with pride as they drank f from nature's cup. The daisies never looked more beautiful. I saw the fond, dead hopes of th" pa-t spring into new life. The bjfds sang again their sweet carols as my boy lover's band crept into • mine and our ford lip* met. "You have not forgotten!” 1 cried. 'jNej, min lilla karu '.Vca, I liave i never forgotten! Af ink milt Icjerta Jag . alskar die!” “And 1. too," l repeated, translating .his fond words, “'With all my heart I \- love you':’ ” THE KND. 