THE OLD 'UN'S NOTE-BOOK «. TATT E IIS ALL'S RACES. Tho Cup Entries. AMATEUR RIDERS. A.J.C. Winter Selections. Tafctorsall's Meeting passeiL-off sueeess- ' fully last Saturday, anil the Club lnicl no cause to grumble at tlio attendance. Wo have had a good, deal of racing at head- quarters lately, and this is as it should bo. - Randwiok course is not used for racing as ofton as it ought to be. Tho proprietary clubs, however, will have a good turu during tho next few months, and no doubt they commeneo to- think it is about time they bad sonip legitimate racing. Ponies are all very well in their way, but, after all, it is horses draw tho big crowds. Killarnoy won tho llnrdlo ltace on Satur day for Mr. Phil Glenistov, and had 1 not heard a rumor that ho would nob start I should certainly have booked tho mco a good thing for him. The gallop of tho previous Saturday did Iiini a lot of good, and the horse raced much hitter. Fog had too much woigbt to give tho winner, but sho should bo Ixard to beat to-day if Mr. Cousins elects to run her in placo of Charon. Escort was backed in roal earnest, but the supposed good thing did not come off. The betting market is after all a pretty sure guide, and Escort's case proved this, for he was backed with more : determination than has boon the caso of late, Tn tho Flying Handicap Sam Wei lor started actual favorite, as fur as tho odds were concerned, but J fancy Dan O'Connor carried quite as much money, if not more. Alexander was well backed, and one or two more were nibbled at, notably Alchemist, who looked short of a gallop. When it came to- racing liome from the distance it was all over, as Dan O'Connor made a regular show of his field. Ho won. with about half a stone in hand at the very least, and, perhaps, a stone would have been nearer tho . mark. This was Dan O'Connor's true form, which ho lias not shown sinco ho cantcrcd away with tho Two-year-old race at Raudwick. Alchemist and Bendigo finished a dead heat behind him, and Sam W cller ran lnodoratoly well. When betting opened on tho Soiling Race, a rush was made on Lord Prix. That it was premature tho result proved, for lie eased up in the market, and Sligo caino with a rattle. Selling races aro peculiar things, and if tho public would only .wait and not rush in where owners foar to tread, they would back more winners. I was very much amusod at the tactics adopted in tliis race. At one end of tho ring it was 2 to 1 Sligo, and at the other 4 to 1. Thou suddenly a wave spread all over the plaeo, and oven money tho field was the cry. Sligo romped in olio of the easiest of winners, and found a new owner in Mr. Glcnnistor for £200, at which price tho horse is not dear. Grandwing proved to bo tho moral ho looked for the Steeplechase. Ho fenced well, and never made a mistuko, and Nolan rode a beautiful race on him. Bonuor jumped well, and ran very garao. He should win a race at Ro3ohiil before long. Nolan rode the winning double, Hurdlo and Steeplechase, and he is a fino horse man over tho sticks. Several much fancied horses wero withdrawn from tho Wintor Stakes, and Pippin's name boing struck out was a dreaded shock. Sham rock was made favorite, but ho failed to run up to expectations. Tho winner turned up in. " Tho Swell, who has ruu very consistently of. late. Alexander finished second, and ran much bettor than in tho short race. Old Vespasia eamo rather late, but finished a good third. Tho Melbourne "and Ciral field Cup entries came duly to hand on Monday, and Marvel's name was missing from tho list. Had ho remained in I should not liavo had him on my aide at any prico for either event. I shall not weary my renders by writing a lot of padding about theso events, but will leave them alone until the woights come out. Last year, when T saw tho weights I selected Gnaroo and Malvolio out of threo horses for each event, and I know several peoplo who backed tho doubles I gave, in cluding the winning one. I have every hope of getting on to the' winners again if tho horses I have in view go on well. Amateur race meetings aro ovidontly not much iu favor with tho public, if tho atten dants at Raudwick bo any criterion. In tho first placo a decided inistako was made in charging the usual feo for admission to the saddling paddock. - Ton shillings is a fair prico for an ordinary meoting, bub half tho sum would havo been quito suffi cient on Wednesday, when thero wero only four races, and tho sport- promised to bo of an inferior chnractor. To pay 14a for such an afternoon's sport is too much, and that is what it amounted to with out- sido entrance feo, tram faro and programme ia. t Thero would havo boon, just ae good lacing for prizes half tho amount in value, as amateurs aro not supposed to bo eager i I— .i i .. j after " filthy lucro," lileo common raco folk, of which I ain one, and there-, fore honor, and glory should bo their chief aim, I wonder how many of tho prize-winners will accept", trophies in lion of coin. Some remarkable riding foats wore performed. Ono ridor finished witli tho reins nearly on a level ; with his nose, and his whip flapping first ouo sido and thon tho other sido of the ! horse's shonldors. Another ridor looked palo as a ghost, and could not finish at all, otherwise ln mount would havo won. Thero was a good doal of daylight botwoon some of tho amateurs scats and tho saddle. Others sprawled all ovor their stoods, aud assumed an attitude which would have passod vary well as illustrating the art of 1 swimming. Ono or two riders, however, showed good form, notably Mr. Lamotto, | \- who rodo a grand raco on Cascade in tho Hurdles. Mr. J. T. Cox rodo well \- on Real Laeo, far better than ho did on G'arlist in tho Corinthian at the Sydney Turf Club Meeting. Why peoplo lot \- Civseado go out at tho prico ho did in tho Hurdlo Race I am at a loss to discover, as it lookeda good thing for him. Tho Ladios' Bracelet resulted in a dead heat between Real Lace and. Barnaby Rudge, and the former won. by dint of hard riding on tho part of Mr. Cox in the run off. Hornpipe won tho Amateur Cup, but ho had a bit of luck to do so, as Mr. I Daugar, on Carl is t, rodo with- bad judg- 1 V ment considering liis inount had 12st 51b, or nearly 2st more than tho winner. Arbitrator won tho Veteran Stakes for Mr. " Cambridge" Garratt, bnb had Mr. Lamotto ridden as good a raco on Royal Stuart as ho did on Cascade the result might have been reverend. Arbitrator ia an uncertain customer, but I boliovo Mr. Garratt generally- has his bit on, and I liopo ho did not miss tho long odds. Very little notico should bo takon of form in these events as a guido to futuro races, bocauso many of the riders had not the faintest idea how- to handlo thoir mounts. Amateur races will havo to bo conducted on a far dif ferent scale if they aro to become popular in Syduoy. I have seen ten times better ridiug at up-country meetings. The public will never pay big prices to seo amateur races when they can gob first- class cport for the same money. At Raudwick to-day tho. wintor meeting of tho A.J.C. takes place, and there is every prospect, as f write, of brilliant weather, but I would recommend top coats, as it becomes cold after tho last race. The first event is THE HURDLE RACE, for which Messrs. Cousins aud Glenuister seem to havo a mortgugo on the event. Fog and Charon represent " the squattor," ; and ho may elect to run with the latter. Whichever ho goes for will be dangerous. Killarney is in good form now. Escort may improvo on his lost Saturday's form, and Tho Duke appears to have pace, but may bo kept for tho Steeplechase. ' The judge. may placo them as follows : — KILLARNEY 1 Foo or Charon 2 Escort ... 3 JUNE STAKES. Alchemist on last Saturday's form has a chance, while Shamrock must not be over looked. Moonray would win if tho distance was five furlongs, but tho extra furlong may stop her. Dan O'Connor, 8st 21b, will bo about at the finish, and Alexandor, if nob saved for tho last race, should bo handy. Bondigo, seems to bo running well, and Playmate, . who had a bad run in the Royal Stakes, may win. Bliss ought to have a chance, and Cumino looks a good thing if he runs. Ha is, however, in three races. Kookaburra onco had a roputation for galloping, so 6st 41b should bo handy. I select thorn a3 follows : — SHAMROCK or DAN O'CON NOR i Alchemist ... ... 2 Bliss ... . ... 3 TWO-YEAR-OLD HANDICAP. CANDOUR 1 Isaac ... ... ... 2 Queensboeougu 3 STEEPLECHASE. FREEMAN or GRANDWING. . \- WINTER STAKES. Florrio, 8sb 41b, should bo in it if Norricker rides and sho is in the humor. Vespasia will run forward, and Dnnton's- clianco must not bo overlooked. Brown Bess, Killaloo, Cumino and Pippin all liavo chances. The winner may como from PIPPIN or DANTON 1 Florrie 2 Vespasia .... 3 A cable announces that " ike climate inter feres with tho training of tho New Zealand amateur athletes now in London, but that they oxpect to bo in thorough condition by tho time of tho Stamford Meeting." It also givos' the momentous news that Manager L. A. Cuff has slightly sprained liia leg. So farasrtlio climate is concerned, it cannot bo much worse than what Jack Hompton was acous-' tomed to when living at Invorcargill ; neither is tho English climate in June — : now almost . midsummer — mnch different from that of Christchurcli. Tho meeting they expect to bo woll by is tho oliawpionship meoting at Stamford Bridge Ground, Fulliam, on July 2. The team makes a first appearance this afternoon at -Tufnoll Park— some say at the Civil Servioe sports at Stamford Bridge — and af torwards compote at both Bradford and Crowo before champion ship day. 