flecus in Brief. " Brief then-what'6 the news."-ICiug John, Latest advices states that Mr A. Bowman, M.P., is still confined to his bed. The Windsor Batter Factory Company have acoepted the tender of Mr. Freestone, at 18/6 per rod, for fencing their property. A money-order office and telephone have have heen refused to the residents of Pitt Town, a number of whom petitioned for same. The New Ma(yor)re of Windsor-Mr. John O'Brien's "mare." It seems des tined to have given the Mayor and Alder men a lot of trouble too. A horseman alleges that he saw the Biohmond Road ghoBt at Rickaby's Greek bridge one night hit week. He reckons he is a good judge of " spirits," too. A summons meeting of the members of the Prince of Wales Lodge Oddfellows is to be held on Monday evening next for the discussion of important business. We had a look last week at a large num ber of lantern-slides owned by Rev Mr. Dinning, and promise patrons a treat when that gentleman delivers his illustrated leoture on the Jenolan Oaves. A tinsmith has commenced business in town in the premises belonging to Miss Boole, and formerly in the occupation of Mr. Gambrill, grooer. It is to be hoped he will gather in the tin to his satisfaction. Captain White Mid Lieutenant Portass, (of this Salvation Army)-who -were great favourites with Windsor boys-have been removed to Granville; and the new officers here are Captain Royal and Lieutenant Adams. The Saturday night train from Richmond now starts at the old time again-8.6,-and from Windsor at 8.16. The reverting to the old time-table as far as this train is concerned will suit the convenience of travellers very nicely. At the close of the St. Albans Races last Thursday, a lad named Riley was wrestling with another young fellow when he fell, and broke one of his knee- caps. He was conveyed by Mr. J. Smith and his brother to the Windsor Hospital, where he is pro gressing as rapidly as circumstances will permit. Skating has commenced at the Union Hall again, and will be continued every Thursday evening during the winter months. There is some talk of the Carring ton Club being revived again. Mr. John O'Brien, (he popular proprietor of the rink, is sending out invitations to the ladies to take part in the skating. One night last week the ghost was again seen on the bridge on the Richmond Road and |kn informant says " It rose like a white cloud before him" and his horse refused to proceed any further. We were coming by this place ourselves late the other night, and discovered the ghost to bo no other than a large white Thomas Cat perched on the fence. Amongst the students who were suc cessful in the examination of those who attended the course of University Extension Lectures, delivered at Croydon during the Lent term, upon the "Puritan Revolution," we notioe the names of Miss F. M. Green well (seoond on the list) and Mr. G. Green well, daughter and son of Mr. S. T. Green well, of Windsor. By the way, we were not recognised by the secretary of the St. Albans Race Club, although we solicited the advertisement announcing their meeting. Still, we managed to have a telegraphic report of the races in last weeks issue of the GAZETTE \--just to show that the withholding of the advertisement did not create any coolness on our part, you know. We have seen a specimen milk-can that will probably be in use at the new butter factory. It was manufactured at Camden, one of the seats of the dairying industry, and is a useful size, and very stronglv made. It holds 10 gallons of milk, and in the neck of can there is a perforated cover to pre vent milk from splashing when in transit. Other specimens will be sent, so that the best type of can will be selected. Mr. Percival, of Wilberforce, has been appointed Manager of the Hawkesbury Butter Factory. He will arrange for the supply of milk which he has been receiving at his own factory at Wilberforce to go to the new works. All the machinery has now been purchased, and everything is ready for fixing up. The only articles to purchase now are the kegs, ana it has been left to the manager to decide as to whether they shall be of oak or wattle, E. W. Elmer, who died suddenly at Clarendon on Monday, is said to have relatives in New Zealand. We don't hear anything about that Fire Brigade grant now. Won't the Govern ment make that very much-needed grant ? Mr. Leslie W. Pye, brother of R. A. Pye, our local chemist,-with whom he served his apprenticeship-has passed his Phar maceutical examination, and is now a legally qualified chemist and druggist. The H.D.A. Association's annual banquet takes place in Windsor on Wednesday even ing, July 6. This will be the first banquet of its kind that has ever taken place in connection with this Association, and it will be continued after the holding of each annual meeting. A number of rowdy visiting footballers made things lively along George-street on Saturday night. Next time they come along this way and kick up the rumpus they did on the occasion referred to, they will find their " goal" right enough-but it will be spelt " gaol." The next entertainment arranged by the School of Arts Committee takes place on the 14th inst. A good programme has been arranged. On a future occasion Mr. Meikelham, from Sydney, a splendid amateur conjurer, who lately exhibited his skill in Richmond, will take a part, he having consented to do so. Of the seven cases in the Small Debts Court, on Wednesday, brought by the Borough Council against defaulting rate payers, five were settled out of Court, (me case was withdrawn, and one summons was not served. Mr. Richardson, Solicitor, of Parramatta, who was engaged on a oase in the Small Debts Court on Wednesday, created much amusement in Court-and raised a smile even on the austure features of the dis tributors of Justice-by the way in which he handled a flail, the ownership of which was disputed. In cross-examining the plaintiff, and ridiculing the value placed upon the article, Mr. Richardson wanted to know wouldn't he (the plaintiff) be glad enough to give anyone a shilling to take it away. A sub-committee of the new Debating Society met on Monday evening last to draw up rules, which will be submitted at the meeting of this Society to take place at O'Brien's Hall this (Friday) evening, when the election of officers also takes place. As this is an important meeting, it is hoped that all persons interested in the success of a Debating Society in Windsor will kindly attend. A meeting took place on Tuesday last to arrange about the banquet to be given by the H.D.A. Associaeion. Three tenders were received from caterers, that of Mr. P. Beveridge being accepted. The banquet takes place on the night of the annual meeting, in Windsor. We have received the current number of the " Illustrated Sydney News." The annual meeting of the H.D.A. Association is to be held on Wednesday July 6. It was the Rev B. Dinning's mother who died last week at Bulli, and not that gentleman's father, as stated in our last. Mr. John Bennett, of Ebenezer, is get ting ready a shipment of fruit for the English market. Portion of his ship ment-which this year will amount to iooo cases-was sent away this week. Mr. W. Maxwell has a calf in his yard which has been fed wholly on skimmed milk, and he wants to see the man who can produce a fatter or better animal of the same age, fed up in the orthodox fashion. The old people at the Hawkesbury Benevolent Asylum were not forgotten on Queen's Birthday, the committee hav ing provided them with a splendid din ner, which was served up in great style by the worthy Superintendent and Matron, Mr. ana Mrs. Guest. We had a look, last week, at the old Church at Ebenezer, the oldest place ot worship in the colony. The tombs which stand round it, and under which the dust of some of Australia's pioneers is laid, are being renovated, and look all the better for the attention paid them. Mr. M. Hall's residence adjoins the Church. Mr. F. Farnell has been enumerating to the Minister for Works a number of improvements which could be effected, thus giving employment to the thousands of idle men of the metropolis,-and amongst these he sets down " £2000 for improvements to the Hawkesbury." There is a seat of work up this end of the river for a few hundred men, it the Government would only try the experi ment. , The monthly Committee-meeting in con I nection with the Windsor School of Arts will be held next Monday evening. A public meeting, oonvened by Mr. R. Forrester, takes place thii (Saturday), , afternoon at the Fitzroy Hotel, re the /jofitiifcirin of a proper boundary to Bushell's i It appears that, owing to the new Act which nftff just come into force, jurymen on inquests are in future to be paid 5B for attendance. The police will have no trouble now in finding jurors-in fact some will meet them half way. One of the prisoners at the gaol em blazoned a coat of armB on top of the building, but, unfortunately before it was dry, rain came on and spoilt the work. Nothing daunted, however, he has tackled it again, and the job is even better done than it was I before. " There are four votes in my office for when he stands for the I Hawkesbury, anyhow," said a local indivi dual the other day. He seems to make sure that the votes referred to will be cast as he directs--but he must not forget that the ballot-system is in force, and electors may vote just as they please. We have had handed over to us a large I number of back copies of a Windsor news paper, containing numerous articles and i expressions of opinions on political and j local matters, which read very strangely now, in the light of latter-day developments. Some of these times we may see fit to pub | lish extracts. Several improvements have been made for the convenience of the public at the local telegraph office, and if the Depart ment oould only contrive to raffle the old pens and give away to some bucolic poet the ink at present supplied- sending along a decent article as a substitute--many a mm would be saved the necessity for in dulging in bad language. Mr. Brown, who for a number of years haa been in charge of the Colo Public I School, received marching orders this week. He ha.g been appointed to the Forest Beefs school, somewhere in the direction of Orange. In Mr. Brown's removal the youngsters of Colo lose a good mentor, and the com j munity at large will miss the presence of a gentleman and a friend. One day last week a " mimber ay the foorce," who, by the same token, achieved some notoriety during the Dora Dora scare | in this district-and to whom the bare mention of those mythical darkies is posi tively odious-had occasion to ride some | little way out of town. By way of giving Robert a " turn," a certain Windsor resi- j j dent sent a companion to him, upon his I return, to enquire " whether he got them." " Got what ?" queried the officer. " The j Doras," came the quick response. " Doras! j be ," replied Robert, and turned ab- j | ruptly on his heels. Some commotion was caused on Sunday | I morning last by the ringing of a bell, which everyone took to be the fire-alarm. In a | | moment all Windsor was up and doing, and half-dressed people rushed out, and excite ment was depicted on every countenance, I The Superintendent of the Fire Brigade was quickly on the scene, when it was dis I covered that it was only the Wesleyan Church bell* which had been ordered to be rung every Sunday, and had commenced that morning for the first time. The bell has not been in use for many years, owing, it is said, to its sounding like the fire alarm. If it will bring the people out in such a hurry every Sunday to Church, it will serve a good purpose. On Wednesday afternoon last as a young traveller was taking a short cut home from Clarendon to Windsor along the viaduct, and had arrived about half-way; be looked round and observed the 4.10 passenger train from Richmond approaching. Thiuk ing be would fee able to get off the bridge before the train arrived there, he turned and made a bee-line straight for the end of the bridge towards which the train was ap proaching; but finding he could not reach it in time, started back and retraced his steps quickly the other way. As there is only a narrow plank along the bridge, and the sleepers are all open, one can imagine that it was a difficult matter for the young traveller to go at Carrington pace with out danger of stumbling, especially as he was handicapped with a large portmanteau. Finding he could not reach the end of the bridge in time, and as there was no other way of getting out of the road, he hit upon a happy idea, and crawling through the heavy sleepers immediately under the rails, hung on like grim death till the train pas sed over, when he picked himself up and wended his way homewards none the worse for his adventure. 