By tlic Loita Fountain. Tnree unknown, but blighted individuals' met at midnigfet under the rtfkctbDi from the old iron cf Lstta's Fountain. '? Titis t own i! no r lace for me,' ?aid the first. ' Although I am tbe Oricin&l; Malri sonial Bureau, my fame is overcast. Ms-yer's Bureau for Private transaction with poor and bungry foreign princes has cooked ay goose forever.' 'Look at me, whispered a second. 'I was portly and rich; now I am only & ghost ol myself. I was&n; Endowment Association, ind a party named Tobin exposed my little ;ame of Assurance.' ' Foolish ones f said a third. u Yon have made bad breaks, and must lie low lor a while. But you, my dear Matrimonial, will itill find Country Flats and City Dudes. You, my respected Endowment Association can pull up stakes and go to Seattle. But I have no sucn resource, l am Completely Duhed. ' He pulled aside his cloak, and gazing upon him, they shrank in dismay. 'You are right,' they Eaid, speaking to gether. ' We cannot associate with you any longer. A Life-Saving service that does, not Save Life is somewhat of a blunder. Go bury yourself in a sand- hill.' BEXJiins Franklin was once travelling in oold weather and saw no vacant place at the tavern-fire where he could wara himself. He cried out the order : 'Half a peck ol oysters in the shell for my herse.' Dpon thi», all the fire- place crowd ruehed ont to see a horse eat oyttere. Very soon -the hustler returned and eaid: 'Why, bit, your horse won't eat tht oysters.' 11 Wont he f' said Franklin, now comfort lortably seated by the fireside; ' well, then, bring them in and cook them and 1 '11 eat them mysell.' A hocshhoxdeb discovered that a spark Irom a neighboring conflagration had lallen upon his own slightly slanting root, andhsd I set fire to the shingles. All the bnckets and j tubs had gone to ihe big fire, and there ws.s ' no one to send after them, even had there been time for ench a measure : but the man was e^ual to the emergency. He ruthed to a pond near by, and deliberately sat down in the water. To run upstairs and out upon the roof was the work of a moment, acd then he '? sat on ' the fire in more senses than one, and saved the house. Is is characteristic of some good-natured mtn alwajsto agree whh those with whom they convert*. It is with them a point ol politeness never to differ, which tort ol politenf as is certainly a very amiable kind ol tact. We haie a capital inetanee ol the valne of this policj|c?n the sensible speech ol the man who, during one of the Belfast riots, was asked by a mob what his religion was. He did not know whether his interrogators I were Catholics or Protestants, but he looked '? at their weapons, tbsir bludgeons, and i their firearms, surveyed all carefully and I answered : ''Gentlemen, I am of the samt i opinion as that gentleman there with the bis axe.' A coloxel in the French army who had a great eye for neatr.tfs, but not much of as i ear lor music, took occasion oce day to com- ' pliment his band-ma&ter; on the appearance i ol his men. ] ' Their uniforms are neat,' raid the \ Sd^nd^in^r^htreai i ? — . ? ] T J5* e,d U?8 '' EFKf, er biings forth iti ! young alive, in the sea, 'where no one has I i chance to _ observe the process. Other fishet ' f«^ ° ??»*? -??« *1» °eean to spawniS i 'rah water streams, D«t this curious and »'PP«ry customer does preoiidj the reverM I Sf *?3W ?*. »«»ljf &m; or hatched%w i 