SOME STRANGE STORIES, | The seers of visions and the dreamers of dreams ate once more in appalling force to the fore. It must hare been the recent In. ternationul .Congress of the Socie'y for Psy chical Research which has inspired them anew. The papers and periodicals all have their “consignments” of ghosts, clairvoyants and ' somnambulists; and a diligent narrator and compiler has also taken a timely hint and published—to judge by the “ get-up” with an eye to the literature of the traveller and tourist—a book on the same absorbing- subjects. Part of its title is “Day Visions and Clairvoyant Night Dreams,” and its author is Mr Joseph Darby, whose name is familiar to hypnotizers and other persons of hypnotic tendencies. lobh tennyson's waking trance. A friend having communicated to the Poet Laureate certain strange feelings and mental conditions he had experienced when passing from under the iullueuce of anaesthetics, the poet replied:—. I have never had any revelations through anesthetics; but a kind of waking trance (this.for Jack of a better name) I have fro quently bad, quite up from boyhood, when I have been all (alone. This has often come upon me through repeating my own name to myself silently, till, all at once, as it were, out of the intensity of the conscious ness of individuality the individuality itself seemed to dissolve and fade away into boundless being, ana this not a confused state, hut the clearest of the clearest, the surest of the surest, utterly beyond words, where death, was an almost laughableimpossibility, the loss of personality (if so it were) seeming no extinction, but tho only true life. I am ashamed of my feeble description. Have I not said the state is utterly beyond words ? G0ET1IE AND HI3 QnOST. The next authority giving evidence for the case of day visions is uone other than Goethe, who has told the following story:— I saw—not with the eyes of the body, hut with those of the mind—my own figure coining towards me on horseback, in the same road, attired in a dress I had never worn. Eight years after I found my eelf in the same read to pay one more visit to Frederica, and I was then in the same dress I had dreamed of. A GHOSTLT SWEDE. Swedenborgians will he glad to add the fol lowing interesting item to their store of facts concerning the founder of their sect :-t A respectable man in Stockholm bonght an estate of another, paid for it, and received an acknowledgment. The purchaser died soon after, and not long afterwards the seller demanded payment of the widow, threatening that non- compliance would cause him to re take possession again. The widow was terrified, for she knew her husband had paid, bat after making a most minute search she was unable to find proof anywhere. As tho deceased had been on kindly terms with the Russian Ambassador she had recourse to him, who, being well aware what assistance Swedenborg had afforded in snoh cases, pro mised the widow that he would talk over her case with him. Some days after Swedenberg came to the Ambassador and bade him tell the widow that on a certain night her hus band would appear to her and give direct information where the receipt was seoreted. This was awful to contemplate, but, as impending ruin stared her in the face, she determined to sit up on the night in question, keeping her maid, however, with her. But the latter fell into a deep sleep, and all efforts of tho widow were un availing to keep her awake. At midnight the deceased appeared. He looked grave, as though displeased, and then pointed out the place where the receipt lay in a little desk,. in another room, attached to the wall, on whioh he disappeared. The widow went the next morning to the place he had indicated and there found the receipt. “ GENTLEMEN, I GIVE YOU A SIGN.” And here is John "Wesley himself as wit ness of the powers of one of the latter-day prophet-Beers. He wrote :— A little before the conclusion of the late war in Flanders, one who came from thence gave us a very Btrange relation. Jonathan B™vVi,jpjft#jggmher of onr society. I knew character.*- On8 li-^ueamanof unblameable appear before the Board of 'General Offieers, who said, “What is this we hear of yon, that you are turned prophet and foretell the down fall ot the bloody House of Bourbon and the haughty House of Austria ? We should be glad if you were a real prophet, bnt what sign do yon give to convinae us that yon are so.” He readily answered, “ Gentlemen, I give you a sign. To-morrow, at twelve o’clook, yon shall have snch a storm of thunder and- lightning as yon have not had before since you came into Flanders. I give yon a second sign—as little as any of yon expect it, you shall have a general engagement with the French within three days. I give you a third sign. I shall be ordered to advance in the first line, If I am a false prophet I shall be shot dead at the first discharge, bnt if a true one I shall only reoeive a musket hall in the calf of my left leg.” All this was verified. The storm came, and the battle of Fontenoy on the third day, and at the very first discharge he received the musket hall in tho calf of his left leg. A SCOTCH STORT. * In the chapter on “ Property Found or Re covered by Clairvoyant Dreams” occur several amusing stories. One runs thus:— i A clergyman in a country parish of Scot I land made a collection at his church for an ; object of public benevolence, in which he felt deeply interested. The amount of the collec tion, whioh was received in ladies carried i through the church, fell greatly short of his J expectations, and through the evening of the ; day he frequently alluded to this with the es ' presBion of much disappointment. In the night he dreamed that three one pound i notes had been left in one of the ladles, having been so compressed that they had stack in the corner when the ladles were em tied. He was so impressed by the vision that at an early hour in the morning he went to the church, found the ladle which he had eeenin his dream, and drew from one corner of it three one-pound notes. AND AN IRISH ONE. A farmer’s wife dreamed that she was walking near the house of a rejected lover, one O’Flanagan, attended by a beautiful hound, of which she was fond, when a raven dashed at him, killed him, and, tearing out his heart, flew away with it. She next imagined that she was running home, and that she met a funeral, and from the coffin blood flowed upon the ground. The hearers placed it at her feet, opened the lid, and exhibited her husband murdered,, and his heart tom out.; .She awoke, as might be.expeoted, it. great terror. But here, follows the most in comprehensible part of the narrative; her husband entertained an idiot conain in the honse, and he, in doggerel rhyme, repeated the very same dream to a gossip, to whom the farmer’s wife had related hers. That very night the farmer was murdered; and the next morning the poor idiot, to the horror of all,said asherosefrom his bedUlick —TJlick Maguire was the farmer’s name—“is kilt! ShamuB dhu More kilt him” (Shamus dhn More O’Flanagan—big black James) “ and buried him under the new diton at the hack of the garden. I ,-dreamed it last night —every word of it.” Search wasmade at the spot indicated by the dream, and the body was found, with the skull nearly cleft intwo. In the meanwhile, O’Flanagan absconded, and enlisted, hut was subsequently arrested, confessed his crime, and was executed. THE SEER AS SCIENTIST. In blood-curling stories the book {abounds, but these are hardly as interesting in Angus as’,they will be on a stormy night in mid winter. We, therefore, exclude them in favor of a new version of onr good old friend the Btory of the medical clairvoyant:— \- M. Mullier has recorded that the wife of a sub-lieutenant of the Customs of Bordeaux, who was a great sufferer, - having been mes merised by him, the following conversation took place between them. “ Do yon see yoor malady ?” “ Yes ; I have a collection of bloodon the chest; it suffocates me ; the more it accumulates the greater my suffring; when’ you magnetise me you stir up this blood, it is distributed, ahiFIbhlain relief.” “ Do yon set any- drink,* or any "'otter thing- whioh might assist the effects of magnetism, in order to hasten y bur cure ? ” ' •* No, nothing will do; me good except magnetism.” “And mag-, IWtised water?” “So, it1 will bo useless.” “flow'is it that this blood makes you ill?". “The more it increases the greater the weight upon the heart, and the more I walk the more is my complaint exasperated.” "Is your heart, itself still suffering ? ” “No, I see it, it is healthy.” “Do you see jour lungs.''” “Yes.” " How are they r” "Well; bntif I had not beeD magnetised they would have been attacked on the first Jay.” '“At a certain period of the month will this collec tion of blood which you have upon the chest be dissipated.“Yes, partly but the re mainder' will not disappear till the next month ” ' And so on, ad infinitum. 