A Pack of Cards. A sitnplo eentonou, bot do yon know the knowledge- thia littlo sentanoo contains f Listen,'and 1» ill toll you. Many years ago, during tho reign of Charles Vi., card-playing, waa first introduood into Franoe, and boeamo so the'rogo,' and was carried to adah: an ex [ tent that it was for a time prohibited. Society was divided into four olasaes, called castes, and eooh of thosa castes represented by thc . four différant suits of oards : First - hearts or churchmen, from the French casar (heart), oalled gens de chour, or chairmen. Second spades or pike heads, and represented tho nobha. Third-diamonds or eg uara etonti represented tho workmen, FoutA-clab» or clover leaves indicated the peaaanl/y. ; Nor is thia all, for doti not tho ace remind you thara la one God. The Deuce-of tba Father and. Sin. The Tray-of the Father,; Son and, Holy' Ghost..,' The Foin-of the four evangel listswhopreaohoil, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. '.The five-ol the five wise virnins who had their lamps trimmed. The Six-"In eiz days tba Lord made the ' heaven and. earth.'" Thc Seven-" On the Seventh the Lbrd'"restod. The Fig/ti-ol tho eight* righteous persons who wero saved when Gad destroyed the world, Noah, bis- wife, three sons'and their wives. '2T4i Nine-nine lopora_ were oleanaed by our Lord. There wore ton,' but nina gave thanks. The Jen -ot the ten. /commandments handed, down' to Mose«. The King-of the great King in Heaven.. The ' Qùeén -r of the Queen Sheba,, a wise woman, who visited King Solomon, and took with her 'fifty girls, and fifty boya,' all dressed in male attire for the King, to . tell which wera boy» arid" whioh were girlo. King Solomon sent for water for them to waab, and os the girls washed to the elbow« and the.boys to the wrists, tbs King soon judged, Counting tho spots on a pack of cards thara :ara;895, as-many days as thora, axe in n year. Counting , tho number ot oards to a pack,'there aro 52, equal to the number bf I weeks inayoer. There ara four'suits-tba cumber of,weeks in a month ; and laut 12 piotura - cards 'in s pnok, representing 13 months in a year,:and oh counting the tricks, whioh are 18, tba number of wooka in a, quarter. So you sea that simple sentence riot only oontaim shistory,'but a biblo alm&nao; and common prayer- book. ? -.'<':'..'.'.. 