A STBABGE FAR STJRY, At the breaking out of the civil war I was a mere boy, and our nearest neighbour was a tiorrid-faccd, kind-hearted, genorous old Quaker. Both be and bis good wife had been reared in the south, and after the liberation of their slaves from a sense of duty still retained enough' to surround themselves and family with all the comforts which the neonle of their simple faith care to possess. In those days their great stone house with its thick walls, broad verandahs, end low windows met tny idea of the castles which were mixed up with my meagre knowledge of medieval times. The macadamised road that ran through the farm was lined on either eide with -locust trees that in tbe period of blooming made tbe air heavy with the perfume of the graceful white bloesoms waving In a background of green that they almost concealed. A never-failing spring that bubbled up through mossgown stone was embowered in" the overhanging branches of strong-franked weeping willows. The great front yard had its driveways cut through a rich sward, and wound among towering maples. The garden had the earliest, tbe latest, and the sweetest flowen. The stock was the fattest and jhe best ' cared for. Tbe negroes who nuwuuvii towe ti juuu uihwi buu iuwuvsb found a life of comparative ease and plenty with them. Tbe handsome old gentleman was 44 Grandpa Waterson" to all of us, and tbe wife, who allowed no visiting boy or girl to depart without cookies, great mellog apples, minoe pie, maple sugar cakes, or some other evidence of a kindness that took all the world into her heart, was always 44 grandma." No nobler ever trod tbe pathway of life together, and the sorrows thai came upon them suggested to me as a boy tbe inscrutable ways of Providence. k There were two sons in the family, models of physical perfection: and manly courage. No handsomer could be found. Tbey were over six feet tall, bad the light curly hair, the blue eyes, and the fresh complexion eo conspicuous in men of Anglo-Saxon origin. They were highly i oduc&ted;, and idolized not only by the parents but by the fbur fair Bisters and untold scores of other people's sisters. Oue had gone west, and soon established a popu larity that placed him in- a responsible public position. The other had remained at home, and relieved Grandpa Waterson of every busi ness care. The 6tartling newe of active hostilities flashed over the- country. Henry, the elder son, resigned bis office and surprised us all by appearing one afternoon- without previous notice. The warm family greeting over, Henry called his brother out for a walk, and forgetful that 44 little pitchers have ease,"' they allowed me to saunter along. At the spring we all. drank, and then followed a loDgtraa;p in the shade of the locusts. Ialmoetlet out « shout of mingled terror and surprise when I heard Henry say to Charles in the language tbey hud always used at home, 44 Charles, I- have decided to-enlist." ; 44 I have already done so." " Thee can't mean it. Do iatker and mother know 44 1 promised Ruth to tell them to-night. It's more terrible to me than tbe dread of war." 44 Thee is nearer to them than I| Charles, I will break the newe to father when we get . back. No one can soothe mother or break toe news o gently as - he. I am - more toon sorry that thee has taken this step, for1 1:came home to prevent it. I wanted to make wire-that one eon and one brother would be-left. .But it ia too_ late. I have consented to command a regiment of sharpshooters, and cannot- honour ably disappoint them. I will have- a- gAitamt lot of boys at my back." Here I broke awgr so full of imjiortance that Iran attopepeed. lwasgoingtcteHGrandeuk i Waterson. I would not havp -those two hand- aomefellows stopping ballets. BhtlmotLydiat as nnttV a maiden m ornr rinntiA/T a ttraoo I or dropped a modest pair of eyes, and called (til ! her friends bv their fi/st names. ! 44 Lydia." I shouted between breaths, 44 Henry ! and Charlie are going to enlist. It must be . stopped," but by that time the girl wea®pale a e a ghost, nnd leaning against the nearest1 tree.. 44 Don't thee ray another word," ehe com sanded hi a determined voic?. 44 Not another -word. This must come from brother Henry or brother Charles. But it will break aeotber'b '.heart," and I joined Lydia in a hearty cry jp&b; out of sympathy. Only in after yean did I leant what fol- ; owed. Henry, in his manly, straighfcfbrwartS .way, told his father all. Pleading, argument, aud perroaaion on the part of the afflicted old ,man were in vain. It was contrary to the- doctrtee of the non-resistance, a tenet- of- the 'ahnreh ; it was raising the hand of hi© era 1 against the relatives who were left in the south iBut the brothers firmly dung to the«r deter- /roitoation, gently 'persisting and tiffing alb HwMsbie.to sort- n poignant grief tifey in- ijffic ed. Draudpe Wniereon's lips qoiveiVd-a© iftebede Henry good-bye, and the "broKfln- j hearted mother clong to the neck of hsreeldbsb ;born until unconsciousness releaeed-'her from I the pangs of actual parting. ' A few days later . Cbarlea rode forthfc ou- h»- own horse, a gallant black, of Kentackydineaget | and everybody agreed that no finer, braver boy i would do battle for the union. He joined1 the jBfoggold Cavalry. Early in the war; be- was- left wounded on the field, and 'was kindly cared' j for bv a southern' family. His chieinuree- was a pretty little rebel with soft, wavy haia, ; groat brown eyes, inviting lips, and disposition- as cheery as the clear sunshine after an April .shower. No womae had a right tu-resist that jbigt brave, handsome fellow, and-i there the ; union soldier was betrothed to the ifewitchmg : champion o? secession. Then Anuiar for thai ; was ber name, began to carrespond'WiLh-Ilnih ! and through this intangible link of connection the whole family fell in love with tiro little con federate. Charles rejoined his troops >as soon as eblb. After a desperate engagement Die eoatpany was scattered, and he was hemmed in on every side, except where the ragged mounfcuos of Vu ginia towered up behind him. Boldly be turned the black, went flying over-foot-paths, leaping chasms, and forcing bin. way where few could follow. But there wesebold moun taineers in t«ie chase, and when -the) bseaght Charles to bay, the gallant shad he- made, drawing bis sabre when his revolvers were emptied, saved his life for the tiraev His desperate courage won the heart of the southerners, and they persisted; until he was1 taken alive. He was sent to Libby, made bis escape-, wait for days without food, and wksu at length be found' it, ate so much that- death followed quickly upon tbe pangs of starvation. Henry's record was as brief as glorious. Hib regiment worshipped him. No mam of them, westerners though tbey were- oould outride- or outshoot him. He lea' wherever he asked his men to go. A giant in strength, ne was a hero in courage. At Pleasant Hill. Lhepss-ahot from his horse but still -fought -co/ and, after being fatally wounded, three of- the eneany bit the dust before hie band dropped een&tow; to tbe ground. His remains -cauM home, and never was brother, son. and neighbour- more sincerely mourned. Charley's etcry was- never learned until after the war. But now comes a eeqpel' stronger than tbe story itself. G randpa Waterson and his wife had borne their eocrows-with a fortitude that only people like thern-oan undereUud. Tbey talked of their lost bays, aud together found a grim pleasure in reviewing the childhood, the vonthful exneriencaLmid tha-manlr aualiti&sof; the dead sons. Tirao and time have I seen them at the end of the frost verandah, over grown with honeysuckles, sitting hand in. hana talking of Henry aad Charles. One day came-a letter from Annie, luanoun- ciug that she wou to visit the Watereour. There was great preparation, fox she would have been Cbarlu' wife hod he lived, and ehe was dear to them in her own right, for ahe had never ceased to send those wobome letters, always bright and cheery save whoa Charles fate forced ita way into her thoughts. She came to a royal welcome. I imagine now that I wai over-officious in piloting her arounu, puwuiig uut evtijming torn vnariss wss ever associated with, and gaknling awny as a bov, whose mice is at the hen-cackling- stage of advancement, will. 41 Thee is a gnat comfort to us/ Grandpa. W&tereon; used to ray to Anuie mid wbejaj grandma got hi2 arms around tha pretty- southerner, there was always a gentle kiss and a sweet-voiced aaurance that Aureo wa?.jro£t asdearasthonghshe were.a daup/oter. juhii 2uuw » Bururua, izj -.e snapa of % " handsome, ehowy, boldifacod "woman, .>,0 v nounced herself fishajug beea tho "i-WMftte Oblonel Waterson, kyjpd at ! had long meant to Ksit tba.fomriP , cJI henelf known, tuUiail upt, Colonel WaUre oiiaa, I""'" "she . wefcSk- j bfj|m P""" ! .th eld school courtesy, J lnok nn ®TerJ' fa tt-st 1 called Annie out atonco VTTV ' -gnstioii meeting. That woman I 1 b,:w it- was cot the ' ri /lite' Ia ove n.Vft,i(5h v'pesimen of 1 -IIS 1 dedicated my timp wholly, then ' -rt watching -her movement and L . 4aff m7 opinion. Tbe result will siiffioe «i«>out the details of mv detective work. t Grandpa Watireoa'e watch' was misled. AU I of Annie's most valuable jewellery disappeared, and tbe adventuress complained loud and often about robberies, charging that she never conld trust 44 niggers." Then grandma would gently chide licr, and say : 44 Thee should not judge. All these people are old frie&dB; of mine, find faithful," The fraud would turn np her noso and put on a look of contempt that always set me boiling. One day at the spring she leaned over to use the clear water as a mirror, and from some where about her pereou dropped tbe big gold watch that Graudpa "\Vatersou prized most as an heirloom. I had it in a twinkling, and the angry shouts of thD woman ouly added to my speed. 1 told grandpa, 4 told everybody. I wanted lier arrested, but 14 Thee must leave thi matter entirely- to me, checked my ardour. 44 There must be no talk,' he con tinued. 44 1 will see that this woman leaves us. Dou't plead for her, mother. I will only dis miss her, that is all." And he did, after everything had been re covered and the forged will destroyed. We never beard of her again. The very next afternoon there was a great, clatter of a horse's feet up the hard road. The rider oamo like a rocket, and we all rushed to see who it was. 1 thiuk that everyone fainted but Annie and myself. She emitted something - between a shriek and a gurgle, vaulted over the verandah railing and landed right in the arms of— big, handsome Charley. He was alive. He woe well. All that we had heard was false. He had survived his sufferings after a long illness in the family of a poor but kind mountaineer, and there he was, the picture of health, with Annie in bis arms. I sprang into the saddle with a maniacal yell. I got two little darkeys on behind me. We tore over the yard in wild delight, and soon all the folke about the farm were shouting, crying, and wel- coming Masea Charles " God bless thes, son," was all grandma conld say then, while the good old gentleman blinked, tried to look calm ae tbe tears rolled down his cheeks, and then he sobbed. 44 Charles, Henry's wisli is fulfilled. Thee is left to bless our old age. aad thee has also brought us Annie," —Detroit Free Press. 