A Potent Factor. Some prudential writers warn the public not to be too sanguine of the speedy consequences of the Government's de claration in favor of the continuance of kanaka labour for sugar growing. Parliament cannot meet in a day— a great deal of work has to be done first — and it is doubtful whether the extreme step passing o£ the required legislation should be resorted to. It is only yesterday that people began to discover they were not rabidly opposed to a dusky skin covering any shape or form, and if some hon. members be taken so suddenly, before they have had time to persuade themselves they are really awake and not in that state in which visions are about, and more especially until they have ascertained for a fact that their rabidly ' white ' constituents | of yesterday are as anxious for better times as anybody, it is possible some considerable obstruction will be experi enced. By May all this will be a thing of the past, and it is much better the * required legislation should pass unani1 mously in May, or even June, than ineffi ciently in March. For then the 'white ' ' members will stipulate for restrictions that are apt to cripple the concession, and for limitations that will not reassure many who had already resolved to go out of sugar growing. If confidence is to be restored, there must be no half measures. Every possible precaution must be taken to see that recruiting is divested of all its objectional features, that the labourers are returned to their homes at the expiration of their term of service, and that they aro strictly confined to their specified work while here. But there must be no ridiculous interferences between the parties concerned, no vexatious medd lings which will render what should be reliable labour unreliable, and what should be cheap labour not worth the trouble of obtaining. If the black man is satisfied what more is required ? His employment, at no matter what figure, does not affeot the white labourer's wages save to ' raise them, and the kanaka cultivating cane at ever so small a wage is better emplo3'ed than on his native islands. And it is not unwarrantable to look for an immediately beneficial result from the manifesto. In fant encour aging effects are already noticeable. From sugar districts comes the news of plantations in the market for sale being withdrawn straightway upon the wire bringing word of Sir Samuel Griffith's promulgation. A few day 3 ago we published a communication from a Mr. Royle, stating how he and his partner, Mr. A. Meston, haJ bought and partly cleared a large amount of sugar land near Cairns ; how Mr. Royle went to Eng land to purchase machinery when word came that the Government had de termined to put an end to coloured labour. The machinery already con tracted for was relinquished at a heavy loss, and the work of clearing the land abandoned without losing any more time over it. Now we shall expect to hear of the work being taken up, without losing any more time over it, where it was stopped ; of .clearing being resumed and contracts for machinery carried out. A Bundaberg paper as sures us there are more kanakas in some places in the North than can find employment. That may be so, but it does not touch the issue at all. The tropical labour question is not one of small details, but a comprehensive matter. There was possibly plenty of kanaka labour available when Mr. Eoyle abandoned the clearing of his land, but what was the good of that? It would have snffieed to start the industry, no doubt . and then — leave him in the lurch at the mercv of thoso agitators who considor it degrading for a white man to work in a canefield or to allow a black man to work there. If more kanakas are available in some places than can find employment, it only shows how many planters had already begun to go ont of sugar growing. They knew to a day when their last islander would have to go, and wore ? pre paring to accept the inevitable. The fact remains that Bundaberg, Mackay, and every sugar- growing centre have become the ghost of their former selves, and that those who 'must know their own business best attribute it all to the withdrawal of suitable labour. But it is reasonable to assume — especially with evidences already in proof — that the weapon will cut one way as well as another. If the deter mination to abolish kanaka labour produced effect in anticipation, so will the decision to revert to it. As already said, effect has already been produced by the withdrawal of plantations from sale. The next effect — and an almost immediate one, if we are not mistaken — will be the employment of all idle kanaka labour, which means the em ployment of quife as many white men. As early as possible work will be re sumed where it was abandoned four, five, six, and seven years ago. Capital will begin to reflow towards the rich coastlands of the North, and with it population to the now almost deserted seaports and other centres. We are satisfied the Bundaberg writer would rather see this than the back of the last South Sea Islander. But small minds are stubborn, and some people have been known to starve rather than eat bread which they first pronounced stone — and stuck to it. Between them and Sir Samuel Griffith the gulf is happily of the widest ; otherwise the recantation on his part — albeit effected with much grace, force, and . dexterity — would never have been accorded at a time when nothing in the power of one man would have so bestead a country that sadly needed rescue of some potent kind, a country going from had to worse and with no present prospect of the march to ruin being stayed. 