The Doctors Shook Their Heads. " I would give a million dollars for a stomach, " said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£2011,000) is a deal of money, lint he was not able to Imy the article even tit that price. All-. Thomas Guskin, of No. :) Poplar l!mv, Barley Abbey, near Derby, is nut so rich us mull-, being :t gardener, hut lie was ready enough to givo all lie iniil for oil" thing lie hadn't got. Here is his st.-s-y, and ho shall toll it in his own way. Mr. Gnskin goes on to say : "Up to eight years ago I lmd never lo-i an hour's v.-url: through sicklies. In December, 1882, whilst living nt Beeston. near Notting ham, niv nppeti'e fell away. I had dre-.-idfn! pains lifter eating, a had taste in my mouth, which would till with water and slime, tho latter so thick and sticky that 1 often had to remove it. with my fingers. My chest, used to ' fill up' and my throat would swell so T couldn't button my shirt at. file neck. I vomited it great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green qdilegiii. I laid a racking cough, cud would cough ami strain till I hied nt tit-- nose, mul the blued vtihed out. of my cars. I hi-uninc oxhansted and short of breath and hud tu call the doctor, trail was in lied five or six weeks. "I. then went its ouGpiitient to the Not tingham He-pi till, and' nfter attending there for "six months was very little belter. I got so thin thut. I was like u ghost walking about,- and my friends suit! it was all up with nil). For IS months 1 kept getting hotter, then worse, and at lust the doctors recommended mo to try a ehuiigo of uir. So I name to Barley Abbey mul my former master gave me an indoor rottotuiii'.-iuliitioii to tlio Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. T found, however, that, nil the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor anil .-list) two doctors at Derby. The first, one slid. 'Yon are iu a galloping consumption, ami must die' ; tho other doctors, after sounding my hmgxuud rliost.. said nothing hit t tdinok tlioirhead t ' Getting.-! Irillohottcr my old muster alio wed me to tin winit little I could in ltis gardens ttitil grounds : and sonic days I worked a little .-rail then would lien way font fewilays. Things wont, on like tiiis until December, 1888, wlienleaiight cold, got. very short of breath, and broke down completely. I -.v.-t.s always coughing and spit ting up qihlegnt, some-tint" ilk much as it ten- capful at onec, nnd was iifra'tl to goto sleep for four tlio phlegm would oh-iko me. At this timo the whites ef mv eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips'irad month were dry and parched, and I oftoa broke out into a cold clammy swe-if. My tongue was like h piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over u stone woighi in thrco woeks. " I managed to get up for a fcyv hours at n time, hut was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired mid weary, anil sitting or lying, was never at ease, iinij got no reul rest. Too weak to ronil I often silt for hours looking at my hands-. notiiing but skiu and bnue, ami was so nervous I could not lieiir tile least, liois:-, ami the chil dren ntqdiiy quite upset me. " Tic- doctor kept, on crtendiiig me, but lie said, ' 1. can do ynit 110 good : I can only parch you up, because your lungs are diseased.' 1 then gave on.-r Inking his medicine and tried every thing I could hour of. One tiling was a cough cure foam London Unit uost 22s. u bottle. But nothing did any good, trad my friends who camo to see mo said. -MT-11, you won't cough miiuh longer, yon have merely to prepare for another world.' "About, tlio middle of Mnreh, 18S9, a neigh bour named Joseph Tatiiuni. who works in the paper mills nt Darloy Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, iliil you over try Mother Scigcl's Syrupi;' mid told mo how ho had been ennui after being- in tlio hospital. He spoke so much in qiniise of this m-alinino T sent mv wife to Derby anil got a lot tie at Mr. Smith's stores in Victoria street. After flu- first dose I lmd an evacua tion lilaek us ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when 1 invoke. After taking tlio mcilieinn for three days my breath ing got easier, my food kept, down, and in a few days mora I was able to go out for a short, walk. "By tlio end of a fortnight I Weill to see my muster, who nsked what liacl wrought the imqn-ovement, iratl I told him, us 1 toll every one, that Mother tioigcl's Syrup lmd saved my life. I commenced work at mice, and l-.avo never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return nil at once, but after raking Seigel's Syruqi for six months I was strong as ever as over in my life, trad have continued s-n over .since." tu giving ids eminent f" the qmblication of this remarhulil" statement, Ml-. Gnskin requests us' to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Ivnil gardener, Dnrloy Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gnskin lias lived at Dill-ley Abbey 22 years, ami bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which b" sutl'eri"! t Not. galloping consnmqition, cer tainly (as one of tlio doctors thought), or lie would have galloped into his grove in less than three months, instead of growing worse for coven years. Ills eomqd- iint was i-lironie in- flnmm'utor.v dyspepsia lev chronic gastric catarrh), which lias lung symptoms like con sumption, foe which it is so often iirmu- antly mistaken and wrongly treated. "When tlio right remedy, Mother .Solgol's Syrup, was used, tho diseased yielded, as all discuses of the dlgcstivo tract do yield, to that, imignlflcrnt pre paration. AVo heartily congratulate Mr. Gnskin on ids recovery, nnd commend tho foots of hi case to till thinking people. 