"TO MAKE YOUR FLESH CREEP." Some Prize Ghosts from Mr. Stead's Collection. "Real Ghost Stories "is Mr. Stead's latest publication. Here are some of them:— THE CLAIRVOYANT AND THE MURDERER. The idea of using the clairvoyant as a spiritual sleuth-hound to track down an un known murderer has always been a fascinating one. A Swedish doctor (rives an account of a case in which everything in the vision tallied with the case afterwards got together against a particular man, who had a fend with the murdered man, but who got off with a sort of '' not proven " verdict: — The clairvoyant was hypnotised in my wife's presence, and then ordered "to look for the place where the murder had been con-mitted and see the whole scene, follow the murderer in his flighty and describe him aad his borne and the motive for the murder." Miss Olsen then spoke as follows, in great agitation, some times using violent gestures. I took notes of her exact words, and reproduce them here fully:— "It is between two villages—l see a road— in a wood—now it is coming—the gun—now he is coming along, driving—toe hone is afraid of the stones —hold the horse! hold the horse! now! now he is killing him —he was kneeling when he fired—blood! blood! now he is -running in the wood—seize him!—he is ronning in an opposite direction to the horse in many circuits—not on any footpaths. He wears a cap and grey clothes —light—has long, coarse brown hair, which has not been cut for along time—grey-blue eyes—treacherous looks —great dark-brown beard —he is accustomed to work on the land. I believe he has cat his right hand. lie has a scar or a streak between his thumb and forefinger. He is suspicious and a coward. "Tbe murderer's home is a red wooden house standing a little way back from the road. On the gronnd-ficor is a room which leads into the kitchen, aad from that again into the passage. There is also a larger room whit does not communicate with the kitchen. The church of Wissef jerda is situated obliqudy to your right when you axe standing in the pas sage. "His motive was enmity; it seems as if he had bought something—taken something—a paper. He went away from home at day break, and the murder was committed in the evt-ning.'' Miss Olsen was then awakened and, like all my subjects, sbe remembered perfectly what she had been seeing, which had made a very profound impression on ber. Everything tallied, as it turned out, down to the scar on the hand. The clairvoyant had never seen the murderer in her lifeand knew nothing of the dreamstances. a sister's dream. Here is a thrilling sailor-story bearing on the subject of appartions at the moment of death:— A great gust of wind seized the half slackened maintop-sail and sent it fiattering into frag—eats. At the same moment the ship -reded nearly on her beam ends, and above the howling of the gale we heard a sodden cry of despair. I was horrified to see an apprentice, J P , sent whirling headlong from the masthead into the sea. Even yet I can seethe look of agony stamped cm his upturned face, and I can near the very tones of his he—-_t—ding cry, " Oh! Lucy, Lucy," as he disappeared for ever in the dark ness bdow. After toe storm abated the captain made a careful —: teof the exact time of f—eoct-oi-ren cc, the potation of the ship, and the other par ticn—rs. He seemed atruek at my mention of Ac exclamation I had overheard falling from the poor fellow's lip 6 as he dutched in vain at toe yielding air. "Ah," he said, "that most have been his sister. Lacy V ,to whom be was greatly attached." The rest of the voyage passed without incident, and aa soon as the ship arrived at Liverpool I made my way to the train which was to take me to Manchester. I was walking idly ale—g—eplatfo—a when I saw the face of an dd gen———a, who, with a. young lady on his aim, was elbow—g his way through the crowd. His rose——lance to our lost mate was co striking thai I stood and looked at him. The young lady's eyes hap pened suddenly to meet mine. Instantly she gave a violent start, uttered a low scream, and ex—aiming—"Oh, look, there's the face of my dream!" stared at me as if fascinated. Her companion gently rallied her; and half led, half earned her to toe nearest w—tiiig-rocri— As he passed he begged me to come with them and handed me his card, WJien we were alone the old gentleman explained that the sight of my face had -rem—ded his daughter of a very peculiar and unpleasant dream, to wliich she still persisted in attaching importance. He said—"At the present moment, indeed, we are on onr way to discover if the owners of my son's ship have received any news of its arrival" I said—" lam an apprentice of the C , and have but lately left her lying in the harbor." "Then," the young lady cried, "I must be right. It must be true. Twas the man's face I saw gazing at him as he fell. I saw Joe's ship in the midst of a fearful storm and him dinging to the slippery shrouds. A bright flash seemed to pass before my eyes, and I saw him falling backwards into the sea. I saw your face in the momentary gleam, and I awoke, perfectly terrified to hear the sound of my own name—'Oh, Lucy,LLues—whisperedys—whis- pered in my ears." Tbe expression of my face must have con veyed but too well the meaning of my silence. "My God!" cried Mr. , "is it true then? Is he dead *f I stammered, "Too true, sir. Yes! every word of it! I was beside him at the moment, and even tried to save him." On comparing notes we found that the dream took place tbe very day, and allowing for the difference in longitude, even the very hour when the accident occurred! A TERRIBLE BIDE. The scene of the follow—g ghastly adventure is a solitary country road at night. We skip the rider's previous dream, and come at once to tbe " creeps":— Nothing remarkable occurred for the first half- hour. The moon was shining brightly. By and by the route went straight through a cutting where the hedges were a little higher than ordinary. On arriving at this point he noticed that bis horse changed his easy trot into a walking pace and seemed somewhat uneasy. However, the catting was passed, and again they were on the moonlit road, which he could see stretching away in front over tbe undulating hQls. Cantering along they had not proceeded far before the animal dropped into a walk again. Encouragement and caresses were vain, walk he would. Suddenly the horse came to a dead halt in the middle of the road. Tbe suddenness of stop ping nearly unseated the rider, but he urged the animal forward. The horse was induced to walk on again, although apparently very uneasy. They had not gone many yards before the horse stopped again so suddenly that he had to dutch the ammal's main to prevent being thrown headlong upon the highway. What was the nieaning of such strange behaviour * Then there flashed through his mind the d-rc-amstances of his dream. Tea, there woe all the accempanimente of hie picture—the bay horse, the moonlit road, the sudden stoppages. Surely it was a warning. Twice had the creature halted, and he recollected his dream made him tbe third time fall head foremost on the road. He got off, and, throwing the bridle over his arm, coaxed the horse to move onward. He noticed that the animal was covered with perspiration, as if after a hard gallop, and that he was trembling violently. Repeatedly, too, he glanced searchingiy at the hedges. What comd be the matter V The strange conduct of the horse became yet stranger. More suddenly than before the animaf came to a dead halt. The animal was in deep distress. His nostrils were dis tended ; sweat covered his limbs; bis eyes were bent in one direction, with every symptom of terror. Not seeing anything remark able at first in the direction in which the horse was Razing, Foster tried to urge him onward; in vain! Passing round to the other side of the animal's head, Foster was induced to look more closely towards that portion of the somewhat low hedge which the horse so intently regarded. There in the moonlight, banging, bending limp and apparently lifeless over the hedge, was th§ body of a tall man. With arms out stretched, the figure seemed touching the ground with its fingers, the legs being on the other side of the hedge. What was his horror to see the body move ! Slowly, nieeliamcally, the long arms were outstretched; uplifted; the body swayed up, up; and there in the bright moonlight was the man's face. How ghastly it looked! The glassy eyes were staring at toe young man, whose blood seemed chilling in his veins. Motionless, upright as an elm, with outstretched arms, -stood the gaunt spectre. Its throat was cut. There stood the group. The horse terrified ; tbe young man speechless, terror- stricken; and the hideous something seemingly regarding tbem with his stony gaze, while blood appeared to flow from its lacerated throat. How long he remained Foster could not afterwards tell; but, after an interval that seemed an age, the horrible vision began as slowly and mechani cally as before to bend its erect body forward, until it resumed its former position hanging over the hedge. With a mighty effort tbe young man induced the horse to move on once more, but on look ing back he was startled again to see the erect figure of the nocturnal spectre—uplifted arms, ghastly features, and blood-red throat. Just as dowly as before the tall body bent forward, the arms dropped down, down, until some intervening bushes shut out tbe horrible apparition from view. Fatter re-—bed home near mit—right. After wards he learnt that a man had been jrmw dered on the very spot where be had seen tbe tall figure. AN EEME STOBT FBOM THE SHETXANDS. Here is a'samp—of tbe'narratives repeated in good faith "by the superstitious folks of the remote Shetlands: — One day in 1830 a fisherman of the name of Grey found that when returning from fishing bis boat stopped without any apparent cause. In vain he strained at the oars; it would not move a foot. He looked over the prow, think ing it might have got entangled in seaweed, but the water was clear. He thought be might have struck on a hidden shoal, and rocked the boat. She rocked fredy, showing there was water under her keeL Grey then looked over the stern, and to his horror he saw a man, whom be knew had been dead for six months, holding on to the stern-post. This man was one with whom he had had some little quarrel, and Grey besought him to free the boat, saying that he had hoped that death would have can celled alien]nity between them. Withontreply ing the man still hdd on, and at last, in despair, Grey took his axe and hacked off the stern post, when the boat at once shot forward. Then—n, however, cried out that Grey and he should meet again in cix weeks. Grey, in great fear, hastened home and told his family and friends of the occurrence. In six weeks, at the exact time the dead man had named, Grey was found in the morning dead in bed. A son of Robert Grey, who saw the mutilated boat come in, was, at any rate keeping a sailors' boarding, house in Antwerp, bat there are many in the Shetland Ides wbo well remember the circumstances and seeing the boat with tbe stern-post cut —f. GHOSTS AGGRESSIVE AND TANGIBLE. Ghosts take many and various forms, and there are a few pretty terrifying ones in Mr. Stead's collection. There are diabolical floating faces and mutilated trunks. There is a ghost which inflicted its company on an unhappy living friend for a walk of some duration, which it enlivened with a long and detailed account of its violent death, and with the spectacle of its body " burning from within, outwards unconsx—led." There are aggressive ghosts which pull off one's bed clothes, or grapple with one in a confusion of material and immaterial. There is even a ghost which attacked a, railway porter at night accompanied by a ghostly dog, which actually bit the porter in the calf of his leg. And there is one which strikes us as the only instance we have yet come across of a " warm, soft, and plump" ghost—bat tbe poor thine only consisted of a hand and arm. Bat we will condude with a very creepy tale which shows that a mutilated ghost does not always correspond with a mutilated corpse. The apparition may fit itself out, it seems, with the very parte which are missing in the mortal remains, to say nothing of making its presence known by an energetic smack on the back:— "About the middle of the first decade of this century there lived in the little seaport town of Girvan, in Ayrshire, a young man and bis sister; they were warmly attached to each other. My grandmother, from whom I heard their story, was intimatdv acquain ted with the young woman. The brother followed the precarious and dangerous avocation of the fisher, and our story begins with the loss of his life by the swamping of his boat in a storm. "For a week or two his sister was incon solable; her mind dwelt in imagination on the loved form of her brother tossed amongst the weeds and ooze on the bed of the ocean, the food for fishes, and the dwelling-place for creeping things.'' [At tins stage the body was discovered in a rocky part of the coast, owing to a singularly vivid dire*—l dreamt by a casual visitor to the town; an incident remarkable in itself, bat not to outr present prrrpose. The oorpse, which was much decomposed, had lost the right band. This mutilation made a deep and pain ful impression on the sister's mind.] "Ever and anon die would burst ont into a fit of we*ping, wringing her own hands, and bewailing the loss of her brother's band. "This continued for about a week, until one night, preparatory to going to bed, she had tmdressed; but, before she had got into bed, overcome by the force of her emotions, she threw her face on the pillow and burst ont weeping, and bemoaning the lost hand; but Bcrarcely bad she done so when, with a cry of fear, she fjprang from the bed. "Her cries soon brought the other inmates of the house to her room, and when questioned she informed them that when she had thrown herself an the bed she fdt some one give her a dap on the back as if with the open band, and that the place where she was struck was still pricking from the effects of the blow, and put hand over her shoulder to point out the place where she was struck. "They examined the place, and over the shoulder- blade, in livid bit—, was the impres sion of a man's right hand." 