Storycttes In an Albany club the wine cellar wm ?trang?ly depleted of , it? content!. . Bottle after bottle of champagae disappeared, and locks. seemed no bar against tha thirsty thieves. Finally a new superintendent was placed in charge, and ho seemed to be a man of an ingenious turn of mind. He put new locks upon the cellar, but be did not mean to place his dependence wholly upon iron bolts. So bo secured a remarkably ugly bull-bog, with a very misanthropic disposi tion, and shut him in the cellar. There tho brute stays all tbe time, except for half an hour daily, when he is given a run in the sunlight. The dog bas no taste for cbam* pagne, and now the wine stays where it is put until it i* wanted in tbe cafe. There has never been an instance of " graciousuess " like tbe visit of tbe Duke de Nivcrnais, In tbe seventeenth century, to his dying steward. Wishing! to see' bow matters Btood with the poor fellow, the duke stepped, into tbe roam, and had tbe extreme .condescension to mako personal Inquiry into the state of bis health. The steward, utterly bewildered by the honor, raised himself in bed with great difficulty, and said, in a tone of tbe most abject humility ; ~ ."I hope your grace will not be offended at my dying in your presence ?" The duke, deeply touched, answered : "Not in the least, my good friend; do not mind mc." Whereupon, the steward availed himself of the gracious permission of his master, ond gave up the ghost. Professor Delbruck has recently pub lished some interesting souvenirs about the Emperor Frederick the Third and bis family. Here is an amusing anecdote about tbe order that reigned in the household while Frederick was Crown Prince: One day tbo Crown Princess said to the butler, ono of the oldest servants and one who had the reputation of having a will of his own: "I ordered some Apollinaris water several weeks ago, and should like to taste it; boo it not yet arrived?" The old domestic replied : "Imperial lliyhuess, there is still in the' cellar a lot of bottles of seltzer water that must be drunk first I" All the persons nt table broka out into laughter. The Crown Prince, after having him self joined in the hilarity, said, in a serious tone; " My friend, when the Crown Princess orders yon to do anything, I beg you to obey, her." "One day," said a veteian, in a recent interview with lili I'eikins, " I met an old soldier who had u-en wminded in the face, and when I asked him iv what battle he had been injured, he said : ?i got it at the first day at Shiloh, sir.' ' But bow could you get hit in tbe face at Shiloh?'l asked. ' Well, Bir,' said he, half apologetically, ' after I had run n mile or two I got careless and looked back." This story reminds mc of how one of Kli-- worth's Fire Zouaves killed his first Con federate. He t-n.nl that he marched out tn the battle of Hulls ltuu, and when aboui half way there, he met a Johnny Ucb. l ambush. ' What did yo-, do then ?' I asked. ' Well, 6ir,' be answered, ? 1 drew out my revolver and he drew out his bowie-knite, and then I took the lead from the start, and kept it clear into Washington city, and ' 1 But bow did you kilt the man ?" 1 Run him to death,' was the reply." In " moking up" newspapers, or tho piecing together of different paragraphs into eolumu?, two separate items will, some, times, be jumbled together and most amus ing results appear. A French newspaper* had a good specimen of this kind of mixture : "Dr. X. bos been appointed head physi cian to the Uopital de In Charite. Orders have been issued by tbe authorities for the immediate extension of the Cimetiero de Parnasse." The New Haven journal, some 'time ago made a curious jumble of two items. One read: " A large cast-iron wheel, revolving nine hundred times a minute, exploded i.i this city yesterday, after a long and painful ill ness. Deceased whs a prominent thirty- Sr.coud degreo Mason." The other paragraph detailed how: "John Faudea, the well-known florist and real estate broker, of Newport, H. 1., died iv Wardiner and llussell's sugar mill, at Cry stal Lake, ou Saturday, doing considerable damage to the building and injuring several workmen Beverely." Ben. Jonson was once requested to revise some proofs full of typographical and other errors, but he declined, and recommended that they should be sent to the bouse of cor rection. Many anecdotes are narrated to illus trate tne tact required in dealing with lunatics. Among the inmates of nn asylum was a m.iv who was considered perfectly harmless, but who, having no home was allowed to remain there, being employed to show visitors around. The doctor went on the roof with him one day to aec about repairing it, when tbe man suddenly turned aud suggested that they should jump to the ground together. Im mediately the doctor replied : '??No, don't lets do that. Any one can jump down. Let's go down and see if we can jump up." Tue lunatic considered tbe point " well taken," nud agreed. Tha head of a private asylum in England was in the bath-room watching a number of lunatics bathe, when one of them called out, " Let's duck the doctor 1" and they all took up the cry. Seeing his danger, the doctor said at once: "All right boys; but suppose you give a cheer for bim first." Aud the noise of their cheering brought tbe keepers to bis rescue. Tbo same doctor was in a room with a lunatic, who, by some means, had possessed himself of aoarvin_ knife. The lunatic informed bim gravely tbat bo bad been ordained by Uod to cut bim iuto little pieces, aud, much ue be regretted it,he should be obliged to do it. : . '?? Very well," said tho doctor; *' of coumo, if tbat is the case, I shall make no attempt to prevent you; but I see your knife needs sharpening. Allow mc to fetch a grindstone fur you." And uo objection being raised, tbe quick witted doctor made bis escape. Old man (solemnly). " My young friend, who was that who just asked you to go and have a drink I" Yoang man: "Barney Jones, He's a friend of mine." Old man (with continued solemnity): " Nay, my young friend, he is au enemy of yours." Young man : " Well, I don't know but what you're right, Harney gave rne two or three sure things on yesterday's races that made mc walk home. You can't tell nowadays, old man, who your friends are." .?'??' One of the strongest characteristics of genius is tbe power of lighting its own lire. A remarkable action, in which Pope Leo XIII. is the defendant, is about to be tried before the Civil Tribunal of MnnMiilir, near Ampins. Some months ago the Marchioness de Plesses'lSelievre died, leaving a will by which she left tho bulk of ber property, real and personal, lo the Pope. The will is dis puted by the natural heirs of tbe deceased lady—collaterals—on the ground that the Pope, being a spiritual sovereign, cannot acquire property on, French soil. 