Horseracing. Tne revolt of the race for tlie Australian Cup .seems to point to the inferiority of the year's three-year-olds compared with those of some previous years, for Highborn is at best a good class handicap horse, and a really first-class three-year-old, even though handicapped at 10 lbs. over liis w.f.a. shonld not have struck his colours to a horse like Highborn, who was carrying 5 lbs. over liis w.f.a., and to whom, therefore, Strathraore was really conceding but 5 lbs. on the w.f.a. scale, and unless Zalinski is a better colt than ltis stable companion it is pretty certain than wo have no three-year-old like Chester, Trident, Richmond, Dreadnought, Carbine, Navigator, First King, Darebin, Commotion, Abercorn, or The Australian Peer, either of which would have made mincemeat of a six-year-old horse of Highborn's class, at even weights, instead of being easily beateu by him when in receipt of 8 lbs., as Stratlunore was. The time, 4 inins. 2] 6ecs., is, however, fairly good, though it has been beaten six times and tied once. Autonomy's victory in the Sires' Produce was, of course, a foregoneconclusion,audStromboli's win (Bourko Handicap), 7 furlongs, stamps the colt a good class sprinter, nothing higher. The Seine run so close a race with him that his party must have had some ground for believ ing the Newmarket was within their grasp by aid of this gelding. Arquhus's per formance in the Maiden enhances the merit of Lady Edda'u victoiy in the Hopeful Stakes on tho first day. Tuking the lino through Highborn, Zalinski would appear to bo a better three- year-old than Strathraore, for, at a difference of 11 lbs.. Highborn had not the ghost of a show with the son of Frailty in the w.f.a. Essendoa Stakes on the first day of the V.It.C. meeting, over 1J mile, while Struthmore failed to get within hail of Forrester's horse, who was giving the St. Leger winner 8 lbs., or only 3 lb3. loss than Highborn failed to concede Zalinski. "With only Oxide, La Tosoa, and Swordbearcr to oppose him Struthmore was bound to will the St. Leger, and he mauaged it easily in 3 mins. 17] sees. Thirty-three horses started for the New market Handicap, which, as everybody knows, waswon by tho four-year-old filly, Wild Rose, by Newminster—Primrose, 8 sfc. 1 lb., in 1 rain. 15]- sees. In point of starters the number this year has been beaten three times, namely, in 1882, when Hyacinth won; in 1890, when Churchill, 8 st. 4 lbs., got homo; and in 1391, when Buugehah was best in a field of 35. The time has been beaten once only, namely, by Cranbrook, whose record was 1 min. 14^ sees. ; but Malua covered the distanco in 1 nun. 15] sees, in 1S84; and Lochicl, iu 18S7, in the sarao time. I hear that Charlie Brown has sold Decorum ; to a well known member of the B.H.C. for I 150 gnineas, that C.E.B. has also disposed of Legacy for a century; and that the rest of the {'Megaphone stable" are for private sale. Matchlock, I understand, has gone home, and will he used as a hunter during the coming season by Mr. W. II. Barker. Mr. George Markwcll's brood mures Leger demain, Lady Walmsley, Rose of Australia, Grace Darling, and an unnamed one by St. Albans out of Enuc's dam, Link, arrived safely in Melbourne by the Aranrac the other day. They will bo sold on Monday, March 7. On tho following day eutries must he made to Mr. J. G. Byrne, secretary of Tatter&all;'s Club, for tho Metropolitan Stokes, 200 soys., 1£ mile, and tho City and Suburban Handicap, 1] mile, to bo decided at TuttcrsaU's Easter Meeting, on Saturday, April 10, and Monday, April 18, respectively. Entries close at 4 p.m. eharp. A protest was lodged against Stormlight, • who came in first for the two-year- old race on Februaiy 4, at Numurkuli, by the owner of Leap Year, who was placed second, on .the ffround that Stormlight's rider was an un icensed jockey. ' Tho local stewards disquali fied Storralight, and awarded tho stakes to Leap. Year, whereupon J. Cooke, owner of Stonnlightj appealed , to the V.R.C., who re versed the'stewards' decision, and gave the raco to Sionnlight. Buttons may possibly return to Queensland in time for tho Q.T.C. May meeting. ' The following really splendid programme has been published by the Charters Towers Jockey Club for Juno 23 and 24 next. The added money comes to £2,500, divided as under: First day—Maidon Plate, 100 sovs., 9 fur longs;. Flying Handicap, 200 sovs., J mile; J.C Handicap, 500 sovs., 2 miles; Selling Plate, 100 soys., 1 mile; Sapling Stakes, 100 60vs., $ mile ; Miners* Purse, 225 sovs., 1 mile. Second day—District Plato, 100 sovs. (local horses), 1 mile; Shorts Handicap, 200 sovs., 7 furlongs; Millchcster Handicap, 400 sovs., l^mile; "Welter Handicap, 175 sovs., 1* mile; Tuwn Pluto, 225 bovs., w.f.a., 14- mile; Fare well Handicap, 175 sovs., 1 milo. Nomina tions for Jockoy Club and Millehesier Handi caps on April 21; for Flying Handicap, Miners* Purse, Shorls, Welter, and Farewell Handicaps on May 19; for Maiden Plato, Sell ing Plate, District Plate, and Town Plate on June 15. The Sapling Stakes is closed, and this race is the only shabby thing about the programme, though it and the District Plate for local horses are relics of barbarism that we hope to seo done away. with before another year. It is n step in the right direction, how ever, to close the two big handicaps first in stead of insisting uponnomination6 for all races being sent in at oue time, but the three dates for entry may possibly be a little confusing. Muttaburra Turf Club annual race meeting is advertised for May 26 and 27, and tho hon. secrefauy, Mr. Geo. Amell, has published a really first-class programme, liberal, and well arranged to suit all sorts and conditions of horses and men. The prizes aro as under: Maiden Plate, 40 so vs., l£ mile; Cambrian Stakes, 40 sovs., mile, w.w.f.a.: Fly ing Handicap, 50 sovs., i* mile; Selling Race, 15 sovs., 1 mile; Cumberland Handicap, 70 sovs., 1^ mile; Scurry, 10 sovs., mile. Second day.—Sires* Produce Stakes, of £1 each, with o sovs. each from owner of sires, and 50 so vs. from the club, for two and three year-olds, J mile; Scurry, 10 sovs., I mile; Ladies' Milo (welter handicap) for trophies value respectively, £25, £15, £10, and £5, horses to be nominated by ladies, minimum weight, 9 et. 7 lbs.; Muttaburra Handicap, 100 sovs., 2 miles; Mitchell Handicap, 40 sovs., 1 milo; Welter Handicap, 25 sovs., 1 mile. Added money £505. Nominations for Flying, Cum berland, and Muttaburra Handicaps, onMay 2 ; weights, May 13 ; general entry, May 9. The Rockhainpton Trotting Club held a race meeting on Wednesday, tho 24th ultimo, and the affair appears to have been a success, but chiefly in so far as it was only a pony race meeting rather thau a trotting one ; for they do not hanker after trotting matches in the north any more than they do in the south. Mr. F. A. Morgan's pony Tommy, a Sydney bargain, cleared everything out. T. Hall's Belmont was no use to him, and the cab horse, Willio Riley, a local celebrity, finished a poor j third behind the representative of the beautiful j harbour. The cabby, however, won the Maiden j Trot. * I Last week I noted tlie 400 bovs. to he run for at Charters Towers Jockey Club Easter meeting. Tho club has . now issued a pro gramme for May 21 and 2G, witli prize money to the tunc of £1,000. Particulars not yet to hand. A sporting wager, says "Hermit,1' has been taken from a local • bookmaker by Mr. B. E. Peuwlck, a Brisbane sport. Mr.'Femrick takes £1,000 to £500 that his nomination wins the Shorts Handicap at the annual meeting (June) at Charters Towers, Mi\ Fenrrick hav ing the right to uomiuate not more than four "horses his property, and the selected one to bo named on tho publication of the weights. "Hermit" writes : "A meeting of tho com mittee of the Towers Jockoy Club was held on February 17. Present: Messrs. A. H. Pritehard (chairman), M. Dee, I). Missingliam, F. W. lieattie, 14. Tregaskis, "\V. Jowott, T. Raine, *W. J). Casey, L. It. Beck, E. Lmdsey, and It. Russell. The draft programme was adopted, with but a slight alteration. The Works Com mittee submitted a proposed amended track, which would reduce the down grade from 1 in 41 to 1 in 50, and lengthen the course by about 300 yards. Tho cost would bo well, on to £1,000. To cut down tho cotirso would j cost £3,000. After a leuglhy discussion ' Mr. Missinghnm moved that tho selection of new track, as shown in tho plan, be adopted, and that tho Works Committee and Tracks Committee carry out tho work. Mr. Beck seconded the motion. Mr. Russell pro posed that tho Works Committee have power to spend £1,000 in tho way they deemed beat. The amendment was withdrawn. Mr. Tre gaakis moved that the Works Committee bo em powered to spend £1,000 on tho mile track. This was agreed to, Mr. Missingham's motion beiug defeated. 441 have to thank Mr. Harding, secretary of the Wild River Jockey Club, for a card of their Easter programme, mu upon April 20 and 21. Nominations for the Flying Handicap, Second Handicap Hurdle Race, and Show Handicap close on March 20. gj4'Being in Townsvillo on Saturday, and having an hour to spare, I had a look through one or two of the stables, and there are several horses now in work there. Harvester is looking big and lustyt and he has been having an easy time of late. It is hardly likely that ho will he entered hero for the Hibernian meeting, hut March 31 mar see him a starter at Townsvillo. Mr. Hanrau has now a stable companion too for Harvester—namely, a six - year - old bay gelding by Westminster, dam by Parasite, and he is a likely-looking horse, who from his appearance should be well worth giving a trial to. At the Rising Sun, J. Vetter has iEthon in work, and ho is looking healthy and well. He will probably make his bow to the northern, turf on March 17. Traitor, Semolina, and Nellie are at the Royal Oak, but^ all of them have been causing a little anxiety lately with regard to their under standings. Mr. Enright's two colts are at Hermit Park, in chargo of W. Page, whilst at Cluden Harry Grant lias Tkarwa and Corsican's brother at work." Sandgate weights are duo on Monday next, and the Logan and Albert Jockey Club Handi caps ought to have appeared yesterday (Thursday). Breakfast Creek racing will be resumed on Saturday (to-morrow) when results may be as under: Maiden Plate: Virago or Corkscrew. Lawn Handicap: Canary or Cowboy. Ches terfield Handicap: Diamond or Beeswing. Yolnoy Handicap: "Wynstay or Bridesmaid. Oval Handicap: lied bank or Myee. Galloway Handicap : Laura or Legacy. The Coorparoo Racing Club has issued programme of races for March 10, and entries for the following races close this <luy (Friday) March 4. Weights are duo on Monday: Maiden Plate, 10 eova., 5 furlongs: Walloon Handicap (13.1) 10 sovs., 4£ furlongs; Open Handicap {nil heights) Id sovs., 6j furlongs Auction Stakes, Id sovs. (open race) 5 furlongs, Hemmant Handicap (13.3) 10 sovs., 4£ fur longs ; Galloway Handicap, 15 bands and under) 15 sovs., aj furlongs. Owners are reminded, once more, that entries for the two big handicaps at TattersalTs meet ing on Easter Saturday and Monday, close with the secretary on Tuesday next, March 8, at 4 p.m. A month later, Tuesday, April 5, the Strad brokc Handicap, 200 sovs., £ milo; Brisbane Cup, 500 sovs., 2 miles ; and Morcton Handicap, 300 so vs., I} mile, close with Mr. L. J. Moody, secretary; Mr. Clibborn, secretary A.J.C.; the secretary, R.J.C. Rockhampton; and the secretary, R.R.J.C., Casino, Hew South Wales. The Gympic Easter programme is not to hand, but I hear the added money will amount to some 300 sovs. The Toowoomba Turf Club, I believe, will race on Easter Monday, but I havenot seen the curd. The prizes, however, are said to be small, and in that case the meeting will not interfere with TattersalTs gathering to any appreciable ex tent. Members of the latter club complain that the Q.T.C. does not protect them as it should do. urging that small though the Toowooiuba prizes may be, they will keep hordes as well as visitors away from Eagle Farm. This is indisputable, but I fancy Tat tersalTs Club exaggerates the injury, which can only be infinitesimal. One or two Downs owners may enter for both meetings, and if better or as well in for the local handi caps will race at home rather than come to Brisbane, but • 99 per cent of the Toowoomba entries will be horses who would not come to Brisbane even if there were no racing at their own door. Besides, there is raciug at Jon daryan on Easter Monday, with prizes about as big as those at Toowoomba, and if Toowoomba were not allowed toraee, Jondaryan would "injure" TattersalTs meeting quite as i deeply as Toowoomba; therefore Toowoomba could not be logically or equitably stopped unless Jondaryan races were vetoed too; and if Toowoomba and Jondairan, Gympic must be barred, for the latter meeting is just as likely as Toowoomba to injure TattersalTs, and for precisely the same reasons and to the same extent; and if Gyrnpie, why not Rockhampton where there are a number' of local horses which might be entered for Eagle Farm if there was no racing at Rockhampton; and if Rock- j liampton whr not —-; but, the fact is, Easter Monday is like Boxing and St. Patrick's Day, : a holiday, on which some 80 or 100 clubs | have raced from time immemorial, and should not be claimed by any one club to the exclusion of any other. The Q.T.C. very properly de clines to interfere with the Boxing Day gather ings, and for precisely the same reasons it is justified in refusing to interfere with the Easter and St. Patrick's Day fixtures. 