Surrey Hills Cricket Club's Concert. A concert in aid of the funds of the above club was hold in -the now hall, Surrey Hills, on Thursday evening last, and proved most successful. Thero was a good attendance bof the residents of Surrey Hillls and district, and the efforts of the several performers were duly appreciated. Mr. (G. A. Coloeman, made a most efflicient stage manager under great difliculties, owing to the fact that several performers programmed failed to put in an appearance. Their places were, how= over, adlmirably filled, and no hitch occured. The principal credit of the evening must be given to Mr. A. II. Gatland for his conmic inpersonations and splendil mimicry enter. tainieont, which included most of the lead. ilg actors of Melbourne, that gentleman having to respond to numnerous encores. The gentlemeni who took part In the farce are to be conlplimnented oil the success which is all the more deserved owing to its being performed at very short notice, only one rehearsal being hold. This reflected great credit on Mr. G. A. Colenman, who took the initiative in tile matter. IRegarding the vocal and imstrumental part of the pro grallllo, thie hon. secretary (Mr. J. Wilson) had succeeded ill getting several first-elass artists to allow their names to appear, but when the appointed timo came they were missing. Thils was most unfortunato and disappointed the audience greatly, Hlow over, those performners who were present kindly caine to the resuoe of the stage manager and everything passed off very satisfactorily. The first item giveni was a well executed pianoforte solo by Mr. Broad. hurst, after which AIr. W. Attwood sang "The Miner" in good style. Mr. A. W. Lobb received an encore for his comic song, "That's when' you feel alright," Miss L. Clarke appeared to advantage in the song, "Sing sweet bird," and Mr. Franklyn was successful with ( Good nighIt beloveld."? elr. L 1leonOay mruoasl :m well desorvoe smneore for hlis selection on thie ioutLi iaer monloan. Mr. A. It. Gatland, a comio singer of considerable . ability, next sang " loie has gone from us for over," receiving an enthusiastic encore,. Mr. Franklyin again appeared and sang " Qui Vivce," when the first part of the irogramme was brought to a close by Mr. GOtland, who appeared in his mimicry entertainmient, receiving a double encore. The second part of the programnno wias coimmencOed by Mr. Broadu hurst playing a pianoforte solo. A duet, "Sainted another," by the Misses M'BUath and Clarke was sweetly rendered. Mr. Lobb then sang ia comio song, entitled " In our back yard," for which he received an encore. MIr. Swceenuy next appeared in a recitation entitled "Frederick M'Crorrie," after which Mr. Gatland gave his comic impersonation, " Oh, the secl, the beautiful sea," gaining loud aipliase and a ro-call. A song by Mr. W. W. Attllwood, entitled " Si-tu-Snvais," was well rendered, anld the enltertaiinlcment was brought to a close by an amusing farce, oetitled " The ball's a going on," the several characters being distributed as follows: Slil Jim, Mr. W. Fletcher; Tragedian and Larrikin, Mr. (ceo. Colemana ; Dead Ilead and Umbrella, Mr. Geoo. Chargoe; Press, Mr. Is. Ifeenoy; Jew, Mr. A. Ii. Gitlanid; Bucket Girl, Mr. Sydney Fletcher; Lady with the baby, Mr. Erancis lRobison; Drunken man, Mr. RI. Ward ; Ghost, Mr. J. W. Sweeney. The farce was well carried out, the exceedingly witty and funny sayings of Mr. G. A. Colomni and the splendid by. play of Mr. W. Fleteher causing consider able merriment. Messrs. S. Fletcher and F. llobison also deserve credit for the admir able ianner ill whlich they were " made up," and taken altogether the whole per formers mlay be congratulated on their sue cess. 