VISIT OF THE BISHOP OF MEL BOURNE. The Bishop of Melbourne is at present paving his annual visit to this portion of the diocese, and yesterday morning preached to a very large congregation at St. Paul's Church, Myers-street, from Proverbs, in the course of his sermon ho said all, had no doubt read Saturday evening's papets, which contained one of the most impres sive sermons ever preached to the people of Victoria. : -They could imagine that when the doomed turned away to that prison, and en teredithe. cells in which each was destined to spend so many wretched hours, they were fain to think that over theSoor of that cell, with its eightyears of hard labor in prospect, the words were written, " They that will be rich fall into temptation and snare," for they were foolish, and thirsted after lust that doomed men to destruction and perdition. In the afternoon the Bishop conducted a con firmation service, at which he was assisted by Archdeacon MaeCullagh and.the Rev. J. Gar lick, Rural Dean. The church was crowded to excess. His Lordship delivered an earnest ad dress to the confirmess who numbered 60. He remarkei that every thing of a worldly nature likely to at all interefere, even in the smallest degree, with their duty to God would require to.be given up. The only true source of happi ness lay in serving the Almighty, whose love, us'u pearl of great price, could only be,bought at some sacrifice, and if in searching for and obtaining God's love, some gaiety or pleasure had to be given up it was far better to renounce it than to risk the loss of God's salva tion. ; Happiness 'such as was to be obtained frorii worldly pursuits was but fleeting, but God's love in the heart was a joy everlasting and more satisfying .than all else, The rite of confirmation was administered, after which the Bishop exhorted .those, who had received con firmation torcmainsteadfast in the faith of which they had just made , a public confession. He recommended them to pray always, as the Psalmist, David, had done, "Take not thy Holy Spirit from me," and to keep/always in mind the words of . the apostle Paul, " Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God." He appealed to the parents and guardians of the confirmees to do all possible towards assisting them in walk ing aright, and to foster their religious instincts rather than to hinder them. In the evening his Lors'nip preached in All Saints' Church. There was a very large con gregation, and the gallery was reserved for the . memborsof St. Matthew'sChureh.at Long Gully. The Rev. J. Garlick read the lessons. The Bis hop, in the course of an excellent sermon, said , that it was intended to hold a mission in this parish in the course of the next few weeks. The Rural Dean had asked him to refer to the mission in his sermon that' evening. Ho very gladly com plied with that request, and would therefore direct the attention of the congregation to two missions recorded in tho Bible. One was an unsuccessful mission, but the other was a most successful one. The first was recorded in the 33rd chapter of the book of Ezekial. The 32nd verse of that cliaptersays regarding the missionary Ezekial: " And lo, thou art unto them as a very lovely song of one that hath a pleasant voice and can play well on an instrument for they hear thy words, hut they do them hot." That was an unsuccessful mission. The second mission, which was successful, was referred to in St. Paul's first epistle to the Thessalonians, and the 6th verse as follows " For our gospel came not unto you in words only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much as : surance ; for ye know what manner of men we : were among vou for your sake." The preacher . characterised Ezekial as one of the leading pro phets of ancient days, a splendid, orator, a faithful and devout preacher—he possessed all the attributes which would go to make up a successful preacher. He attracted large con gregations daily. Some people would think that that meant a successful mission, but ;it did not. The mission did not result in the conversion of anyone, and so, not withstanding that large congregations had ,been drawn together to hear the word of the Lord preached, the mission ended in failure. He fervently hoped that the mission to be held 'shortly in All Saints' parish would not be like that. St. Paul's mission to the Thessalonians was in striking contrast to Ezekial's mission to the Jews in several respects. Notwithstanding :that St. Paul was alllicted with "a thornin the flesh," : and also with bad cvos, lie and his : fellow-workers, Silas and Timothy, were emi-, nently successful, und numbers were ^dded to the church ^hrpugh their instrumentality. The Bishop impressed upon the minds of the pansliopers:that in order to make. their forth coming inission a success it was necessary that the .Divine blessing should rest on the under taking, arid tliat the grace and power of Qod should be invoked. The choral portion of the service exceedingly gooc\\. Mr. Oh.' King prgsiclefl at; the organ. 