Avenged by a (xhosti strange story of a crime. AMERICAN papers just received contain the se quel- to one-'of the strangest criminal episodes on. record;- S<SmeLy'ehis:ago at Key noltlsburg in Ten nessee a: farmer ha'meel- Gamble lent some £50 to a- niotituir mimed Mercer, who. gave a bill for £75 for the air ount, one Whiteman beiug the acceploi. The last-named, - however,: did not meet the bill. Gamble then demanded, to have it on paying the original £50. This Mercer refused, and a few days after the three parties had met to negotiate a settle ment. -Mercer's skiff, in which lie rowed to the meeting pliice . was fouiid empty on the river, while lie had disappeared. The conclusion was reached that lie had been drowued. As lie was a wealthy man for that section, nud was known te have a large sum on his person, a liberal rewaid was offered' for the recovery of his body, lhe river was dragged, and a cannon procured and fiied up and down the stream for miles, but without avail. Three years elapsed. The widow of the drowned , man had. i remarried, liis estate had been-.wouiid up, . and the miittei' torgotten. One ey.euing, a young mau named Hiudinan, who had.becu living ; in the Slate and vicinity for. only a few mouths,; having removed from N irthern Ohio, was walking through the meadow "toward librae, after, his day's wo:k was dotie; He was suddenly joined by & sli auger, who appeared so abruptly, coming, as Hindnian ex pressed it, " out of the ground," that lib was greatly alarmed. " You do uot know trie ?" said the stranger. . "No," said Hinclinan, " but I sup- ipose you aic one of my'neigUboi's.'' ."My name is, . or was, Lebanon Mercer. Three years ago I was murdered by William Gamble, and ray body buried in a slough near, the river.' He killed me because I would not give up the note on Whiteman. He called me to the. bank of the river by telling me | that lie bad. borrowed the money from a neighbor that 'lie - niet immediately! after we parted," The stranger then described the place where he was buried, and gave the names of parties whose testi mony-would probably convict. Among thcra a 'pedlar named. Penticost and a man named Burfield, who had received one of the bills taken from his person. Having finished, the apparition disap peared as suddenly as it had come, and Hiudman fainted from sheer fright. When he recovered and made his way to the. house, his indispositiou was so marked that a ueighbor was sent for and restoratives applied. He narrated his adventure with' all the . minuteness of detail possible under the circiimstnnces, and the family were advised to send for a physician to treat him for an aberration of miud. He repeated his story to the physician and others in strict confidence. A- few days be fore the strange visitation described above, the Jenny Dale, a steamboat, bad run aground below Reynoldsburg. A small stream emptied itself out of a morass into the river at this point. A bar had been formed opposite its month, upon which the boat had grounded. In attempting to " back off" great waves had been thrown in upon the morass and the bauks washed and stirred. A week or ten days after this occurrence a body was found 20 miles below Reynoldsburg. The features were un recognisable. Tliere was an absence of any swel ling, as is the case with bodies drowned. The clothing was of a peculiar texture. The right boot was split up to the top from the instep on the foot. The two small fingers on the left hand were gone. A pair of yarn socks, msrked "L.M.", were on the feet. In the clothing everywhere was to be found a slate-colored dirt, very hard, and apparently in dissoluble in water. The skull was fractured. A jury of ibquest was held, aud after sitting two days rendered a verdict that the body \vns that of Lebanon Mercer ; that he had come to his death -by violent-means at the hands of, some person to the. jury unknown -; and that the crime had been committed, a long time prior to the discovery of . the body ; that it had been exhumed and found its way into the river. The story told by the ghost to Hiudmah was remembered, and notwith- stnntlingltlie.higli standing cif Gamble, brave men began to investigate. Gamble wns ai rested aud brought' before a committing magistrate. ' The widow testified that her husband had in his posses sion 310 dollars in fives, tens, and twenties. One 20-dollar bill had been wet, and the colors had run together. Some doubt had been thrown upon its genuineuess, and her husband had made a memo randum of its number, date, and from whom he had received it. She identified a bill shown her us the one her husband had in his possession when he left home. The sheriff of the county testified that he had received a bill from Gamble alnrut six months after the disappearance of Mercer, aud had taken a nuiuute description of the same for the ren- sons given by the widow. The pedlar testified that he stayed over night with Gamble a few mouths after Mercer's disappearance, and it was the suhjoct of conversation. Gamble expressed the belief that Mercer had not been drowned, but had fled the country on account of some shady transaction in which he had been engaged. That there was a good deal of company at Gamble's house that night, and Gamble occupied a room - with him, that duriug the night he was awakened by a scuffle in Gamble's bed. The latter was ou his knees in the. middle of the bed aud appeared to be desperately struggling with an imaginary per son. He heard him say, " By G — d, Mercer, I am going to have it 1" Giving a sudden lurch, he came near fulling out of bed and awakened. The next morning when they went ont to the stable to see about the stock, Gamble walked into the stall where the pedlar was, and, with a huge bowie knife in his hand, made the witness on his knees :swearthathe never would reveal or repeat what he had heard. He had never spoke of it on that account. until recently, and then to Hindman. A man living on the premises testified that Gamble came home the night of Mercer's disappearance long after everybody had retired, and that his clothes were very muddy with a peculiar-colored clay, and. that he accounted for his absence by stating that he was with his brother-in-law, and got the mud on him in piisliiiig liis waggon up a certain hill. The brotlier-in-laW could not re member anything of the kind. The neighbors testified tbat this mud or dirt on the clothing of the corpse found was something similar, to that found on Gamble's clothing, and was peculiar to a morass or low place at the mouth of a certain stream where the steamboat had grouuded, aud did not exist elsewhere on the river, except near Clifton; about 190 miles above. Other witnesses testified that they had gone to this morass after the waters had receded, and had discovered an in dentation in the mud six feet long, nearly two feet wide, and twelve inches deep, that had been -partly filled with'drift-abd'loose-mud ; that at one end they had found nearly a handful of short black hair and at other points what appeared to be woollen and cotton lint. The prisoner offered his character in defence and rested. The magis trate committed him to prison without bail. At the ensuing term of the Circuit Court, the Grand Jury having brought in a true bill, the prisoner, to the surprise of everyone announced himself ready, aDd the trial proceeded. The Slate intro duced the same witnesses used in the magistrate's court and rested. The defence offered as wit nesses learned soliolars, who ridiculed the ghost theory and proved a oomplete alibi by accounting for Gamble's whereabouts every moment from the time he left Mercer until the following morning. The jury brought in a verdict of "Not <3uilty." Here, now, is the sequel. The other day William Gamble, an old man, died ou Trace Creek, in Humphrey's Couuty, and on his "deathbed con fessed that he had murdered Mercei at the lime and place named by the spirit ; that lie had buried the body in the morass after killing him with a. hammer taken from a waggon as he went rouud to head him off. ; tbat the witnesses who proved an alibi were suborned by him, one of whom he had subsequently killed to prevent him from annoy ance. . 