CORBETT WHIPS THREE MEN. The Californian Shows Power and Skill. Ten thousand persons gathered at Madison, square Garden on February 2 to witness an attempt by James J. Corbett to stand against three men in succession, one minute's rest only being allowed between the meet- ings. William Spellings, of Rochester, who was tho first of tho three antagonists, is short and fat, and did not look a very formidable opponent. Corbett boxed lightly for half a minute, and then knocked his opponent down, and us he rose "floored " him again. Spellings gave up, and left the stage. Bob Caffrey, of Philadelphia, -was the next man. He wns also fat, and no match for Corbett. As soon as Corbett struck him he fell and remained quiet on the ground. Boing carried' to his corner ho refused to fight longer. At 10.2 o'clock Joe Lannon walked into the ring, and was loudly cheered as he took his scat. He carried his own gloves, but as they only weighed 5oz tho police objected to his wearing then), and Lannon put on at heavier pair. He did good work in the throo rounds of threo minutes each tiiat followed. Both canio up for the second round in good condition, but Lannon's superfluous flosii liowbegantotell upon him. About themiddlo- of tho round Corbett punched Lannon in tho Btomach, and gave him a severe blow with Ilia right on the car, and it was evident that Lannon had not the ghost of a show against the Californian. In the third rouiid Corbett was slightly puffing, while Lamion was entirely winded. Tlio Californian struck his opponent wherever he pleased. The Bostonian, however, remained till' the end of tho round, when tlio referee gavo the bout to Corbett on points. , Lunnon is 5ft. Uih. in height and weighs lGst. 31b. He is known as a tremendous hitter, and the fact that Corbett had him at his mcruy within three rounds shows that the Culiforninn will give a good account of himself in a fight for tho championship. Ho U3es both hands well, . is quick, and has a - long reach. Altogether he created a much better impression than Slavin did on a simi lar occasion. 