THE "HAUNTED" VILLA. There is now a ghost at the villa, if one account can be taken as true, but the cause of the anecdote was probably the movements of Sergeant Cbipchase in the building. How ever, the crowd yesterday during the usual Northern half- holiday were not deterred by the ghost, and fairly stormed the place. THE, BROKEN Hot WATER SUPPLY.-On Wednesday the Bail way Commissioners gave notice that they could not supply Broken Hill with any more water from Mingary. Truoka are now being fitted for the purpose of keeping up the supply from Sutton's Lagoon. In the meantime water will he taken from the Bat hole Tank to the Barrier. RAILWAY RETURNS.-The railway revenue for the week ending April 16 was £25,330, that for the corresponding week of 1891 being £21,845, showing an increase of £3,485. THE BANK OF SOUTH AUSTBA.UA AT ROBE.-A correspondent writes:-In your issue of the 11th inst. under the head ing " The History cf a Colonial Bank" on account is given of the history of the Bank of South Australia now amalgamated with the Union. Although referenoe ia made to the first establishment of a branch at Fort Ade laide in the year 1852, and the second at Gawler in 1867, there is no mention of the third established at Bobe in the South eastern District, although this branch, while not_ doing suoh an extensive smalt account business as that at the Fort, has from first to last proved the most profitable of all the branches connected with the Bank. At the start there was a race between the National Bank and the Bank of South Australia for first opening at Robe. An officer from theNational had been round beforehand tosecuretheaocounts of Messrs. Ormerod & Co. and others, and the Bank was about to send an officer down to open a branch when the authorities of the Bank of South Australia chartered a steamer conveying Mr. Grace as Manager, who on arrival opened the branch for business at the Caledonian Hotel onSeptemberS, 1859, the NationalBank opening shortly after. My object in penning lines ia to show that the Bunk of South Aus tralia was the first to establish a branoh a little over thirty-two years ago in the South Eastern District, and that was at Robe. I might, however, mention that Mr. George Glen received the appointment as local Director, and at times had to travel from Mayurra, a distance of over fifty miles, in parts wading through mud and water to discharge his trust, and for which he was allowed a fee of £1, and as he did not draw the fee, on retirement a silver claret jug was presented to him for services rendered. KINO GEOBGE'S SOUND DEFENCES.-Major General Downes, accompanied by Major Gordon, inspected the men who have been enrolled for the defences of King George's Sound at Fort Largs on Wednesday after noon. The men were put through company drill, firing exercises, and physical drill without armB. ATTEMPT TO ROB THE SYDNEY MAIL TRAIN. -The Albury correspondent of the Argus telegraphed as follows cn Sunday:-An at tempt to rob the intercolonial mails was frus trated at the Albury Railway Station to-day, On account of the overland express only running as far as Albury last night, the mails which are on it and on the 2.55 p.m. ordinary train from Melbourne remain in the local yard all night, resuming the journey to Sydney by the 2.45 passenger train on Sunday. Tbe mails as usual were last night taken from the express and the ordinary vans and plaoed in the mail van, which was to be attaohed to the Sydney train to-day. This carriage was then shunted oS into the dock with the rest of the vehicles to form to-day's train. The doors were all locked, the windows closed up, and everything secured as safely as pos sible. This morning, at 11.55, a pas senger train arrived here from Sydney, and during the bustle and confusion which follwed the arrival of this train on the platform of the railway station to-day tbe train above referred to was boarded by a man whose subsequent movements showed his in tentions to be to tamper with the Sydney mails contained in the travelling postal van. He entered this oar by one of the windows, and was going to set about his work of rifling the mails. He had apparently only had time to reconnoitre the position when he was dis turbed. The mail guard who was to come on and take charge of the train to Sydney went to the train a good deal earlier than usual to get the mails arranged before the journey com menced. The would-be mail robber crouched beneath the bags, but the mailman moved these and discovered the intruder, who at once tried to escape. The guard, however, seized and managed to hold him until help arrived in the shape of Mr. Willis, the Station master, who then took the man into custody. He waB taking him bv the arm into the office when the prisoner dashed Mr. Willis aside, and breaking away pushed through one or two officials, and there being but few people about madehis escape. Mr. Willis at once gave in formation to the police, and Detective-Ser geant Brown took the matter in hand. He informed Senior-Constable Dixon, of the local mounted troopers, of the direction the man had taken, and Dixon, with another trooper, setoff in pursuit. They came up with the man a few miles from town. He tried to escape through a briar fence to the cemetery, but Dixon galloped up just in time to intercept the man as he was going through the fence and arrested him. The prisoner, who gave the name of Wilson, was brought into Albury and was looked up. He is a young man, about twenty years of age, and has tramped up from Vic toria. For Bome days he has been camped , with a number of other men on the bank of the river. Investigations have not yet revealed whether any letters have been stolen, but Wilson had none in his possession when arrested. THE LATE MB. A. ABRAHAMS. - In its black-bordered obituary notice of Mr. Abraham Abrahams, who died in Melbourne recently, the South Auttralian Freemason for April thus refers to the departed brother:-"For many years after settling in Adelaide he waB a prominent and most active Freemason, and assisted in promoting its interests and carrying out its duties with that earnestness and devo tion which distinguished him in every pursuit he engaged in. A worthier man, or one more entitled to the respeob and highest esteem of those with whom he was associated, it would be difficult to came. By his death the oolony loses one who, with exceptional abilities and the stnctesb integrity, combined the most refined tastes, warmest sympathies, and greatest love of his kind. ThoBe who enjoyed his friendship will deeply moum hiB loss and long cherish his friendship." GRAND LODGE OF FREEMASONS.-At the quarterly communication of the Grand Lodge of South Australia, held in the Freemasons' Hal], Flindeis-street, on April 20, the Grand < Officers for the ensuing twelve months were elected. The Earl of Kintore was re-elected Gand Master, the Hon. A. M. Simpson, M.L.G., was re-elected Deputy Grand Master, and Messrs. F. Olifent and E. Cooke were chosen Grand Senior Warden and Grand Junior Warden respectively. The number of Freemasons in the colony in the South Aus tralian Constitution to the end of December last was 2,323. Twenty- two members of the craft died during the year, and forty-nine were erased from the books of the Lodges. Tbe balance to the credit of Grand Lodge, includ ing the Permanent Benevolent Fund, amounts to £2,207. It is understood that the Free masons' ' Hall property is entirely unen cumbered, and consequently may be considered a valuable asset of Grand Lodge. I Tto NEW ZEALAND LEGISLATURE.-The Wellington correspondent of the Argut writes: -AB 1 anticipated would be the ease, the Government intend to submit to Lord Glasgow on his arrival a list of recommended appoint ments to the Legislative Council, but without any expectation that he will aocept the reoom mendation off-hand* It is folly understood that the newGovemor will almost bertainly stipulate for time to consider the question, to make himself acquainted with public feeling, and to ascertain what necessity exists for a large batch of new orisations before taking so grave a step. This will suit the plans of the Government admirably. They will have ful filled their pledges to the numerous expectant appointees, and they will have acquired a cpiasi-grievanoe, which they can use if needful in the next general election. But they would be mast "awfully sold" were the new Gover nor to take them at their word and make the recommended appointments! Dire offense would neoessarily De given to a perfect crowd of disappointed asDirants, who would be con verted forthwith from devoted followers into irreconcilable foes. I suspect that Ministers before venturing upon the tender of such advice will take secret but sure measures to satisfy themselves of the certainty of its rejection^ CENTRAL DISTRICT LAND BOARD.-A meet ing of this Board will be held on Hay S in the Publio Works Department-room to deal with land in the Hundreds of Kuitpo, Macclesfield, Noarlunga, Fort Adelaide, Yatala, Willunga, Talunga, and Onkaparinga. LAND BOABD AT THE BURBA,-The Land Board for the central district held their sittings at the Bnrra Institute Hall on April 19 and 20\. The following are the results:-Working Men's Blocks.-Hundred of Ayers-Block 619, R. Giles; NOB. 727 and 735, P, Kobinson; Nos. 728 and 734, C. Anderson: Nos. 802 and 814 (personal residence), M. Rilly ; No. 810, J. W. Lucas. Hundred of Bright-No. 25N, T. H. Broad. Hundred of Baldina-Nos. 128-9S (personal residence), D. McDonald. Hundred of HaJlett-No. 132, D. Bald: No, 133, C. Faggo'iter; No. 134, D. Seigert; No. 135, G. Seigert. Hundred of Mosgolata-No. 105, A. G. Howell.' Counties of Burra and Kimberiey-Section 75 (with personal resi dence), W. Nairn & Sons. The Board com pleted their work in time to leave by the mid day train for Georgetown. MISSIONARY WORK IN NEW GUINEA.-On Saturday morning the Rev. W. G. Lawes, of the London Missionary Society, reached Ade laide by the Melbourne express train. He was accompanied by his wife and the Rev. Joseph King, the agent for the London Missionary Society in Australasia. At the station the party were met by the Rev. S. Lea ton, Chair man of the Congregational Union, and the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A. Mr. Lawes, whose visit to the colony is to make an appeal to the Churches on behalf of the Society, has had a large experience as a missionary, both in the South Sea Islands and in New Guinea. In the places named he has spent the major portion of his life. After ten years of labour in the South Sea group he iu 1874 went to New Guinea, and was, ne believes, the first white man to go there, and his wife the first white woman. At first there were many difficultien to contend with, the chief of which was the absence of a knowledge of the native language. However, the knowledge he bad of the language spoken by the natives in the South Sea Islands proved of much assistance in mastering the difficulties of the New Guinea patois. With the exception of visits to Australia and at the latter end of 1S90 a visit to England to have printed his translation of the New Testament in the Motu dia lect, Mr. Lawes has resided in New Guinea. A Register representative waited upon the rev. gentleman on Saturday morning and found him looking exceedingly well, though he made the statement that New Guinea will never be a white man's home, and that he had had his share of fever. A few questions were put to him regarding the object of his visit to England. "There are," he said, "an enormoos number of dialects spoken by the natives, the chief of which is the Motu, The work of translating the New Testament into that dialect took me about ten years. The missionaries hope that the dialect will be widely read, and that it will become the principal language spoken by the natives, who are not wanting in intelligence, though they have scarcely any religious instincts. In the work of translation a few words had to be coined, but no great difficulty was experienced. I The natives have rules of grammar in tbeir language, though they do not know it. Much difficulty was experienced at first in under standing them because of having to practioally ?The work of printing the translation was undertaken and oompleted by the British and Foreign Bible Society, and it oocupied about four monthB. As showing the increase in thu number of Christian workers on the island it may be stated that the London Missionary Sooiety have sevenmissionaries engaged in work there, two being on furlough. They nave a large district for their labour. In addition to Euro pean missionaries we are turning out native evangelists as much as possible, and they prove thoroughly capable. To help forward the mission work we have twenty New Guinea native teachers and fifty South Sea Islanders. The New Guinea mission is only the natural outoome of that in the South Sea Islands. In Christianizing the natives we interfere aa little as possible with their customs. A mis sionary has not much influence over them until he can look at things other than from an English standpoint. At the beginning of last year the Anglican and Wesleyan Boards of Missions sent missionaries to New Guinea. The Rev. Copeland King is the only ordained man there to represent the Anglican body, but the Wesleyans have a large staff. They do not stand the climate well at all. I am not sure when I shall go back to New Guinea, as there is mnsh deputation work to do through out the colonies. I shall visit the mission, meetings in Viotoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and probably New Zealand. It will most likely be the end of the year before I return." Mr. Lawes on Sunday morning preached at Stow Church, and in the evening at the North Adelaide Church. On Wednes day he attended the annual meeting of the London Missionary Society, South Australian Auxiliary, and addressed the congregation. TELEGRAPH OPERATORS' SALARIES.-In Exe cutive Counoil on Wednesday a number of the G.F.O. operators and officers were granted in creases in their salaries. The Publio Service Commission recommended last year that the e&Iariesof; many of the operators should be madehigher, and the Government have given praotical effeot to the advice. PILFERING AT GAWLER.-Some time last week an entry was effected into the Congre gational and Wesleyan Sohoolrooms at Gawler and the contents of the missionary boxes were extracted. About twenty boxes at the Wesleyan school were forcibly opened and twelve at the Congregational school. The value of the contents is not known. In the cnee of the Wesleyan boxes the total amount was probably not very large, as it was only the week before that the boxes were cleared Upwards of twelve months ago the offering box and contents of the Congregational Church were stolen and no trace of the delinquent was found. THE LOCAL OPTION POLL AT MANNUM. Writing of the viotoiy of the hotel interest at Mazraum'uur local correspondent says -The Temperance party were requested co refrain from voting by their leaders, who con sidered that by BO doing the- required number 'of votes (one-fourth) would noti - be recorded. They were mistaken. . - A considerable amount of -interest was taken - in the proceedings, and both sides worked ' hard. The working of the regulations appears' to have been satisfactory. Two forms o£ voting-papers were used, one with the words - " For increase," and the other " Againeti . increase." As usual, with some of the voters, the papers «»ere too plain, and they attempted to embellish them with an extra square or ' other adornments, and thus rendered them - informal. On the previous evening Mr. M. Wood Grcon addressed a fair audience in the -> Institute on behalf of the Temperance party. . He was well reoeived and attentively listened. ? to. He begged the voters not to allow further-facilities for increased drinking, more' especially as on this, the first poll under the' new Act, the eyes of the whole colony were ?. upon them. He had no fear as to the issue of the poll, and advised his adherents to folloir '. the example of the Lioensed Victuallers' party ^ at the North Adelaide Sunday-olosing poll by ? refraining from voting. In the event, hov- . ever, of their being beaten, they oould, he thought, secure the support of two-thirds of. the ratepayers within a five- hundred yards' radius of the site of the proposed nev uotela'i and thus prevent a license being granted. THE BABBIBB "WATEB DIFFICDLTY.-A cor respondent, writing to us on this question, says"To the OaTnina siding, which is next)'., to Mannahill, water oould be conveyed by pipes or otherwise from Mr. David Smith's- ? wells aud springs in Spiing Gully, near the old j Oulnina Station, and distant about six miles from the railway. Tie water flows oat of the top of one well sometimes. The water is fib for domestic use, and has been successfully used for irrigation in timespast, besides being-' carted to the Mannahill Experimental Farm . when that was worked some years ago-. la1 dry seasons it has been carted Ion); distances.' If this water were utilized it would save a greair deal of haulage. The exact mileafts from1 Hutton's Lagoon to Oulnina oould be sscer* tained on reference to the railway ratebook.' Another great point would be the quality of the_ water. There are two shallow wells besides the springs. The Mayor of Brokes Hill has been written to in connection with tha matter. RAILWAY SHED ACCOMMODATION AT: WALLAROO.-This question (saye the Eadina Times) b«s for years engaged the attention of shippers and others interested in the progress of Wallaroo as a port of export. The want o£ such facilities is felt whenever large ships are' loading uhere, there being always more or lesff - risk when wheat is brought long distances by train, particularly during the winter. At present time these trains are shuntecT-' into the yard and left to the weather* j Should there be a heavy fall oE I rain a considerable delay is caused before the wheat is in a ooudition for putting ' aboard. A good deal of friotion has resulted - from the IOBB of time caused by snob delays. The Moonta line having been aooompiiahed, and the neoessity for the employment o£ horses having been done away with, the next requirement is secure shed accommodation at night. This could be done at comparatively little oost. The stables might advantageously be altered into a locomotive running-ebed, and > the present shed could be made available for trucks, and thiB could be extended by roofing over the yard between the fence and the shed. By such means accommodation would be afforded for between eighty and 100 trucks^. and the cost would be trifling oompared with . the advantages that would accrue to shippers. Cargo could then be discharged in all weathers from steamers, so that their departure would ' not be delayed. The department may be re minded that to build the goods-shed with the stone from the stables would cost as much as if stone were quarried for that purpose. A LATE PIONEEB.-On Sunday morning Mrs. Luke Broad bent died at her son's resi dence, Wright-street, city, in hsr ninety eighth year. It was in 1836 that she with her husband and Bix children arrived in the colony in H.M.S. Buffalo, Her husband, who had been a cotton-spinner in Lancashire, was for many years engaged in farming at Cherry Gardens. He died in 1856. For the last nine years the deceased had been confined to her bed, though to the last she retained her mental faculties. She leaves three sons, one daughter, thirty-eight grandchildren, and over 100 great) grandchildren. TREASCBT BILLS,-AB to a rumour which - has gained ourrency that a quantity of South Australian Treasury bills have been offered in London the Treasurer (Hon. W. B. Rounse vell) informs us that the Government have certainly not issued any bills reoently. The National Bank took up £220,000 worth of the - issue made a year or two ago, and possibly some of these have been placed on the London market for sale to private individuals within the last few days. VITALSTATTSTICS,-The numberof births and deaths registered in the General Register Office - during the week ended Saturday, April 9, 1892\. wereBirths, 67 males 73 females; deaths, 44 males 30 females ; total, 140 birthB - 74 deaths ; excess of births, 66. The Distriot) - of Adelaide-Births, 19 males 18 females; deaths, 21 males 12 females; total, 37 births 33 deaths; excess of births, 4. HUGH GILMOBE MEHOBIAU-For some time - past a Ladies' Committee in connection withi . the Gilmore Memorial Fund have been work ing for the purpose of furnishing a house foe - Mrs. Gilmore, and on Thursday, April 14 they brought their labour of love to a close by pre senting Mrs. Gilmore with the furniture and. fittingB of a well-appointed seven-roomed house. The committee made the presentation - the occasion of % house-warming, at which' a great many friends were present. The new residence is situated on the North-East-road, Gilberton. KANAKA LABOUR.-The Brisbane Courier's Albert River correspondent, a very old resi dent, writes:-" The coming of will be hailed with delight in these parts; even the children will be glad to see the smile of the islander again. We had forty-five sugar-mills between Beenleigh and Cudgen on the Tweed, only a few having survived the loss of the kanakas, so steady to their work. There' is hope again that ouryoung men may get skilled work at the sugar-mills as aforetjme, while the fathers will sell horses at £30 instead of £7. Ill-treatment in this southern distriot was never heard of. Onoe a planter at the Coomera said, 'You lazy boy, spoiling that pan of sugar ; I've a mind to punch your head.' The kanaka smartly replied,' You punch head, me take you Government.'" WINE AWABDS.-The following awards have been made by the Jurors in the South Australian Section at the Launceston Exhibi tion Seventeen special first awards, eighteen first awards, eight second awards, two awards of honourable mention. The championship of the colonies for the best liqueur wine was awarded to Messrs. H. J. Scott & Co. for a muscat wine from Stonyfell Vineyard, blended and prepared by Messrs. Scott & Co. FEDERATED Employers' COUNCIL.-The half-yearly meeting of the Federated Em ployers' Council was held ;at their rooms, iBioken Hill Chambers, on Thursday afternoon Sir. G. S. Fowler (Acting President) in the chair. The Unions and Associations of em ployers composing the federation were fairly represented by their respective. delegates, and the report and balance - sheet were adopted. _ THE LEGAL PROFESSION in MELBOURNE. TTin Honor the Chief Justice has reoeived a letter from His Honor the Chief Justioe of "Victoria announcing that owing to the altera tion of the law in Victoria, by whioh the two tranches of the legal profession are amalga mated, the arrangement by whioh legal practitioners were reciprooally admitted into the Courts of Viotoria and South Australia, is to be considered as having terminated from January 1 last. THE LATE Mes. J, D. COSSINS.-The ranks of the old colonists are thinning very fast. Many of our readers will hare notioed with regret the death of Mrs. J. D. Cossins, of Enightsbridge, widow of the late Mr. J. D. CoBsina, who was for many years a member of the firm of Cossins & Brewster, Kapunda. Mr. Cossins died about five years ago of cancer, and his widow has now been carried off by the same fell disease. Mrs. Cossins was a colonist of over forty years, and was greatly esteemed by a large circle of friends aB a woman of worth. After a long term of intense suffer ing she died on the night of Good Friday, and .was buried at West-terrace on Easter Sunday. TEE ELDER EXPEDITION.-A telegram has tieen reoeived from Mr. L. A. Wells, the second in command and surveyor of the Elder. ^Exploration Expedition, who is in Western Australia. Mr. Wells notifies that he has com pleted successfully the examination of what is Known as Block A-the first piece of country that the expedition was commissioned to ex flore, and which stretches from the Everard ianges across to the waters of the Murcliison. Under Mr. David Lindsay's command the ex pedition explored a considerable area of Blook A, and in accordance .'with Mr. Lindsay's in structions, and presumably the advioe of the Council of the South Australian Branoh of the Geographical Sooiety, Mr. Wells left the camp of the expedition at Annean Station on a flying survey to the eastward to examine the country that was unknown to the explorers. He was away on this trip when Sir Thomas Elder determined to close the expedi tion, ? and on his return he leamt the news, which, the telegram states, he xegretted exceedingly, as the season is now most favourable for exploration. The drought has completely broken up, and with every thing on the ground Mr. Wells expresses the, belief that the plans of the expedition could have been carried out in twelve months. Mr. Wells will, of course, before his return from the western colony see that the equipment and stores of the expedition are disposed of, and all the arrangements of Messrs. Elder, Smith, and Co. connected with the winding up of affairs carried out. He will report fully to the Council of the Geographical Sooiety. Ministebing CHILDREN'S LEAGUE. - On Thursday afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. Eooms Lady Colton opened a sale of work in connec tion with the Central Branch of the Minister ing Children's League in aid of Dr. Barnardo's HomeB and the M.C.L. Homes in Surrey. Mr. "W. Storcie, the President of the League, ooou pied the chair, and after the Rev. Dr. Paton had offered prayer the Chairman introduced Lady Colton, whose well-known benevolent oharacter he made reference to. Lady Colton, in a nicely worded speeoh, declared the sale openBpeaking of the exoellent effect which such an institution had in developing unselfishness smong children by inducing them to work for the benefit of . others. There was a good Attendance of visitors. In one of the rooms (tea was laid out, and this was well patronised. THE SCHOOL BOARD ELECTIONS.-The In spector-General of Sohools has not been able to complete the examination of the School Board election-papers in time to publish the list in this week's Gazette. The Gazette^ of April 28 will contain a full list of the nomina tions. THE New GOVERNOR OF NEW ZEALAND. Lord and Lady Glasgow take out their daugh ters with them to New Zealand (says the London World), but their sons remain behind at school, with the exception of Lord Kelburne, the eldest, who is a midshipman in the Navy. It is not probable that anyof the boys will see their parents again until Lord Glasgow's Governorship is at an end, unless some lucky chance should send Lord Kelburne's ship into the South Pacific INSTINCTIVE CniMiNALiTr.-Dr. Phillips, M.R.C.S., has asked us to state that his con nection with the Government lunatic asylums for twenty years has been that of an official Visitor and not of consulting physician, as stated elsewhere. GRAVING DOCK COMMISSION.-Referring to the visit to Melbourne of the South Australian Graving Dook Commission, tho Argus Bays that the Commissioner of Customs has promised the members every facility for visiting the Wil liamstown Graving Dock. The members of the Commission were to visit Williamstown . on Wednesday and take evidence. HAULAGE AT WALLAROO SMELTING WORKS. '.-In a reoent issue of the Kadina and Wallaroo {Times reference was made to the faot that the ?Smelting Company had obtained three engines .with the object of doing their own shunting, whereby a saving might be effected to the -Company. ThiB, according to the Times, is only partly correct, for although the action taken will be a saving on what the Railway Commissioners' shunting charges would have been, yet it entails on the old rates oharged a loss of nearly £600 a year. For some time ' before the alteration of the Moonta line ore Was taken from any part of the Moonta Mine to the Wallaroo oreyard and tipped for 2s. 6d. per ton. Now the railway only takes the delivery of ore from the Yelta siding and gives delivery at the siding at . Wallaroo the charge being 2s., and in addition to which the amply bags returned. are now charged at eame rate. The coal formally charged from the ship's side and tipped over the coal heap at Is. 3d. is now chatted Is. 2d., and only brought to the weighbridge where delivery is taken. In this item the saving on the railway charge is only, a penny a ton on former rates and costs the Smelting Company, taking de livery at the weighbridge and tipping over coal heap, about 6d. per ton, making an extra charge of Sd. on previous rates. Hence there is an additional cost on 1,000 tons of coal of over £20; this on the year's oonsumption'would total a considerable sum. The cost on ore for the sixpenoe saved for Bhuntingat the mines to the Bidings, and the same at Wallaroo to the oreyard and tipping, means a loss of at least 2d. a ton in addition to the sixpenny reduction on the carriage. The extra oost for shunting in the three departments of the Company's properties, inoluding interest on alteration and rolling-stock, will not be much under £800 a year. SILVER SMELTING AT WALLAROO. - The 11VaUaroo Timet says that the silver furnaces at the smelting works are in full work, and the results are continuing most satisfactorily. The final treatment of these ores will notbe'under itaken for some time. Tiie LATE MB. James COOKE. - A tele I gram from Kingston in another column announces the death of Mr. James Cooke, an old and respeoted resident there, at the age of 79 years. His death was unexpeoted, and it will be regretted by a large circle of friends, _ On Monday evening he retired to bed in tos usual health, but evidently expired during the night- fco little was his demise expected that on Easter Monday his wife left home to visit Melbourne. At one tome Mr. Cooke was connected with the shipping trade. at Kingston. He had a shipping offioe there, and earned on business with his brother under the title of J. & A. Cooke, ship ping and general apents. The firm did a considerable business for a number of years. The deceased gentleman had a good deal of property, being interested in various pastoral stations, fn looal matters of a a public oharaoter he always . took a prominent part. For many years prior to the . construction of the railway from Kingston to Nairacoorte he was a persistent advocate for the line, and the nntiring energy displayed by him in the matter bore gooa fruit. During the agitation for the carrying out of this under taking he went to a lot of expense in getting mapslithographed, showing how, if the rail way were made, the wheat would naturally come to Kingston for shipment. He also en deavoured to make Kingston the outlet of the trade of the Victorian wheat districts. - Of late years he urged that the South Australian wheat rates should be altered, so that instead of there being two rates charged say from Horsham one onljr should be made and the rate lessened. Victoria, by means of p. differential tariff, found means to take much of her trade to her own ports, and, therefore^ to some extent, Mr. Cooke's efforts were not rewarded with the success that he anticipated. The deceased leaves a widow, two grown-up daughters, two grown-up sons, and several young children. The funeral took plaoe on Thursday at the | Kingston Cemetery. THE CONDITION o* WESTERN Austhalia. The prospects of the colony to-day (writes the Albany Advertiser of April 8) are better by far than they were two months ago. Then, the whole of the country was suffering from an extended droughty which, as the Premier stated in his speeoh in Albany, affected every in dustry* The effects of taat drought extended not merely to th# squatters in the North-West, but to every farmer in the South. The only part of the oolony where the cry for water was not heard was in the country to the west of Albany. There, however, a drought is perhaps as rare a thing as it is in Scotland. All along the Great Southern Railway the lack of water was severely felt. It oame before the settlers in these new districts had really had I an opportunity for preparing for such a season. | While tbe drought lasted, too, enterprise of ! every kind was at a standstill, and money became very scarce* If the publio works on the loan schedule had been in course of con* struction matters would have been better, but the Government had not had time in which to get their various projects started. In the towns the effect of the drought was perhaps more marked than in the country. Trade was almost at a standstill, and many business men have had to bear a severe strain on their resources. Perhaps no town has felt the depression more severely than Albany. It is a kind of experience that this town has not previously undergone-at any rate to any marked extent. For two or three years the town went ahead with great strides, and when the pinch came there was a contraction in various directions. Things in consequence havs been dull in the town for the past two or three months.^ We hear of jubilation among the squatters in the North-West on account of the splendid rains and the feed that is spring- ' ing up in ©very distriot. We hear, too, ' of the delight of the farmers in the South because the season is now so favour able and bo promising. And just as the droughts oaused a severe depression in the towns, so will the good season restore good times. Good clipB in the North-West and good harvests in the South will renew the vigour of the oolony. Then we are certain to hear of new mineral (finds and of good returns from the numerous field* at present known. For some time past the prospectors have been unable to do much on aooount of lack of water and feed. Now they have both water and feed, and they are spreading themselves all over the IS. or th-West and out to the East from Yilgarn in search of gold,. BROKEN HillWatbb SUPPLY.-After to-day (says Wednesday's Stiver Age) no more water will be delivered from the Mingary Reservoir. The Rathole will be the chief source of supply for a few days, and then the town of Broken Hill mil rely upon Dawson's Lagoon, with the Tara Tank and Stephens Creek as auxiliaries. With regard to the quality of the Dawson water J. Neil (Secretory to the Local Carters' Union) states, thatit is fit for consumption without the necessity of boiling it. Round the edges of the (lagoon refuse makes the water bad, but the impure matter oan be excluded the pumps by means of screens. Mr. Aeil declares that the water in Speculation Lake is just as unwholesome -if taken from the Bhores. The South Australian Railway Commissioners will train water from Dawson at about 36s. per 1,000 gallons. Yesterday a food many orders were given at the Town lall^ but the quantity of water on hand was sufficient to meet tbe demand. .SEMAPHORE SCHOOL Tendeb,-The Com missioner of Publio Works (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) has accepted the tender of Messrs. Burge & Kestel, amounting to £3,15919s. lid., for the erection of the publio school at the Semaphore that is intended to relieve the Glanviile Sohool. The new building will accommodate 500 ohildten, and it will be ready for oocupation in seven months. KAKGAKOO Island LAND.-On Thursday twenty-three blocks of land on Kangaroo Island were offered for sale by auction in the Land Omoes, but only six were Bold. The upset price was 2s. 6d. per mile, and the highest figure obtained was Ca., five of the blocks being sold for 8B. per mile. Messrs. J. W. Daw, G. North, A, C. Buwess, W. Batts, and W, Burgess were the purchasers, the total area taken up being 141 equate miles. THE CLARK DISTRIOT and FBurr-GRowrNG. On Tuesday next members of the Central Agricultural Bureau will leave Adelaide for Riverton, Auburn, and Clare for the purpose of meeting residents of the distriot and advis ing them as to the capabilities of the country for fruit and vine growing, and' also as to ^ the _ best trees and vines to plant. The visit is in compliance with a promise made some time ago. The members of the Bureau will return probably on Friday, and during their tour they will be escorted by the members of the branoh Bureau. The party yrall include the Hon. F. E. EL W. Kriohauff, M.L.O. (Chairman), Sir Samuel Davenport, and Messrs. T. Hardy and W. P. Snow. SOOTH-Eastbbn Cibouit COURTS. - The Circuit Court for the Mount Gambier district Jrill be held at the Courthouse, Mount Gam April 28, when the following prisoners will be brought up for trialRobert Bates, perjury; George James MacNamara, l&rcency; Heniy Riley, horse-stealing, &o.; The Chief Justice will preside# NOTICE TO CBOWN LESSEES.-Aooording to the Government Gazelle .the Land Bonds mil not reoommend any transfer or application to purchase a grazing and cultivation lease until evidence has been given pereonally to the Boards in favour of snoh application. THE CAPTAIN OF THE WOLLOMAI.-The hear ing of the oase against Captain Tullooh, of the Wollomai, for an infringement of the Marine Board by;laws, has been adjourned till Monday, April 26. THE REGENT BDBOLABIBS.-'With referenoe. to the reoent burglary of jewellery at the reai denoe of Mr. W. A. Cawthorne, of Goodwood Park, we are informed that a man "went to Mr. Cawthorne recently and promised on pay ment of £1 to tell that gentleman where his jewellery was secreted. Mr. Cawthorne sent the man away without falling in with his sug gestion. It is said that people of a certain class, upon hearing of the report of a burglary, make it a rule, to toy to extort money from the victims of the robbery by promising to reoover the lost valuables. Asan instance, in the case of the robbety of Mr. Proud's money from the Commercial Bank some time two, Mr. Proud hid two or three offers of this description. We are informed that there are no developments to report in connection with the burglaries on the premises of the Import Company in Gren fell-street, Messrs. and J. T. Fitch ana Charlick Brothers, of Bundle- street east. RIVER MURRAY NAVIGATION COMPANY, LIMITED.-In their sixth half-yearly report the Directors draw attention to the profitable character of the half-year's operations, which -including amount brought forward from pre vious half-year- show a credit balanoe of £3,896 17s. 10d., distribution of which they recommend in the following manner:-Divi dend at the rate of 74 per cent, for the half year, £829 18s. 8d. (to be credited to share holders, but not paid till resolved upon by the Board); steamers' improvement account (write off), £2,107 Is. 4d.; reserve for bad debts, £25; reserve for repairs and improvements to steamers, £500 ; ab sorbing £3,462, and carry, forward the balance of £434 17s. lOd. =£3,896 17s. lOd. The steamer Ellen has been added to the Com pany's1 fleet at a satisfactory figure sinoe date of lata report, and has proved herself to be amost serviceable boat for both freight and passenger traffic. The steamer Nellie alsohas been oon verted into a good passenger^boat, making her a valuable acquisition to the Company's property. There has been a large increase in the volume of business transacted, and the Directors look forward with confidence to con tinued and steady growth. EXECUTIONS IN WESTERN AUSTRALIA.-The office of executioner in Western Australia is clearly no sinecure. The Perth Inquirer of April |9 remarks that there are two men at present lying under sentenoe of 'death, an abo riginal and a Chinaman, but the dates of the executions remain unfixed, as the hangman has only just returned from Kimberley, where he exeouted the Mount Dockrell murderers. MOUNTAIN CLIMBING AT SEVENTH-TWO.-A. correspondent writes :-" I have often heard it remarked-that the climate of Tasmania is con- | duoive to much aotivity in old age. The fol- | lowing is an illustration:-On Sunday last I; was m Hobart with two other Adelaide j visitors, and we were invited to a picnic at Mount Rumney. Amongst the party was an active lady of seventy-two years of age. We drove from Kangaroo Point to what is _ known as the Red Gate, about four miles away, where the ascent begins. Here we all left the drag and started the uphill walk. The Pinnacle is over two and a half miles from the gate, and the ascent is by no ineans light, as may be gathered from the fact that the mount is about 1.300 ft. above sea level, and the climb from the gate to the pinnacle is about 1,100 ft.. The lady in question kept up with, the rest of the party, and after walking on the up grade for a mile we lunched. The remainder' of the journey was muoh heavier than it might have been, beoause we took a track whioh led us over a rocky hill instead of round it. About 150 yards from the pinnaole the heaviest pinch begins, and in this dis tance the ascent is about 200 ft., and the track is rough. To the astonishment of all the aged pleasure-seeker reached the top a quarter of an hour after the others, and of oourse congratulations were showered upon her. On the route down we again camped halfway, and here our lady friend actually caught her married daughter round the waist and began waltzing. At the end of the journey she was as fresh as when she started, and everybody agreed that the feat accom plished was worthy of record." THE CHIEF JUSTICE'S "AT HOME."-On Thursday afternoon a large number of guests assembled at Montefiore at the invitation of His Honor the Chief Justice. The objeot of tbe gathering was to do honour to the inter colonial University rowing Crews, but un fortunately all the members of the visiting orews could not be present. The inolement weather in the morning prevented them_ train ing, and it was not wise for them to miss the afternoon work. The crews were, however, represented, and the absenoe of most of the athletes, although unavoidable, was regretted. During the afternoon the guests were enter tained by the strains of a string band, and refreshments were served in the dining- room, which, together with the reception-rooms and conservatory, were thrown ojien for tbe occasion. ELECTRIC LIGHT ON DREDGERS.-A com plaint having been made that the electric light on the dredgers working in the Port River proved a source of danger to shipmasters pass ing up and down, the Harbourmaster (Captain Inglis) was asked whether the light ooula not be screened BO as not to show at the anchorage Captain Inglis replied to the Marine Board that this could be doneab a small cost. The light not only showed at the anchorage, but wad a positive danger in the river,-as masters of vessels approaching the dredger werenot only " blinded, but were not able to distinguish the red and green lights of the dredger. He had received numerous "Complaints, but not in writing.. It was deoided at the meeting of the Marine Board on Thursday to refer this matter to the Engineer- in-Chief, with a recommendation that the light should be pro vided with a soreen. PILFERING FROM A SUNDAY - SCHOOL. Nothing has transpired in connection with the case of pilfering money-boxes at the Brompton Weeleyan Sunday-school on Sunday last. It was thought that as the theft had been per formed so neatly the culprit must have been some one well acquainted with the place, and that by keeping it quiet some clue might be found, but np to-the present nothing has transpired to throw the least li^ht on the matter. Fortunately only a fortnight before the boxes had been emptied of their contents, and only a small amount was available for the intruder. One box in whioh Mr. Pickering, the Secretary of the School, had placed the missionary collections to the amount of £2 lis. 3d., and the infant class box containing 10s., were overlooked. "All the rest were ran sacked. Acoess to the building was easy, as the key had been kept in a convenient place, there having been no suspicion that sacrilege would be committed. 