The Modern Child. The modern child is (says the London Daily Wem) really booming too good and pare to live. A generation ot Paul Dombeys, and Little Nells, and Mis- understoods, and Tims, is fading like violetB in the grass. This statement may surprise uncleB and aunts, also school masters who find children very much what children have always been. But mothers tell a different tale, and the quostion nt-ises : Havo ohildren really be come sentimental little lachrymose hum bugs, or is it merely some mothers who are not very sensible ? As a text for this eermon we inuy chooso tho rds of Mrs. Grace Isabel Colboro, of New York oity, U.S., who writes in a periodical named "Babyhood." Itsecmstoben place where in ladies may read nnd write nursery shop. Mrs. Golbroa denouuees fairy tales, and, hear it, oh earth ! denounces the delightful drama of Mr. Punch. The favourite play of which Mr. Punch is the hero or tho villain is stale " of depravity und vileness." There is scarcely a crime in tholietthattheoldreprobato" (why "old"?) does not commit. Now, we could easily name a score of crimes which Mr. Punch does not commit. He ends as a miscreant tortured by remorse, haunted by bogies, and, in some versions, he expiates his offence on the gallows. In fact, Mr. Punch, with his Titanic defiance of law and order and everything, is the Don Juan of infancy, and his legend corre sponds to the " Festin de Pierre." We readily admit that Mr Punch's career is not exactly one of prim virtue, but did any human being evor hear of a child who either took Mr. Punch for a moral ex ample to iaiituto, or who passed "hours of anguish" because he wob afraid of Mr. Punch's bogies ? Every child feels about Punch und Judy as Charles Lumb felt about the comedies of the Restoration. Children know they are iu a world of fantasy, and aro no more corrupted by Mr. Punch's high handed behaviour than they aro by the clown who bonnets the policeman and sits down on tho baby. Children aro not idiots or devoid of a sense of humour. They allow for the tcpsy-turvineBE of Mr. Punch's world, thoy respect the auduoity of his singularly ad"- venturous character, but they no more kill people because they admire Mr. Punch than we shoot Christina carriers because we like the song of " Bonnie Dundee." " Do you pretend," says Mrs. Colhron, " that a child does not understand that he is being encouraged to laugh at contempt of the law, theft, and murder?" Cer tainly, wo assort that no child, not boing a congenital imbecile, evor dreams of drawing such a moral. As to Bowdleris- ing Mr. Punch, nonsense! Womuyhnve other puppet plays. The marionettes of M. Muurico Boucher not Shakespeare (who is perhaps too dangerous an author), but that is no reason for presenting Mr. Punch as a converted character. After Mr. Punch, fairy talcs oome in for condemnation, " A careful mother " searched for hours among tho best book Bhops and could not find a single volume worthy to he carried home for her early sprig. "Death, cruelty, suffering of man and beaBt wereonevery page, and the theme of every tale." Precisolv. Tako the case of Mr. Bluebeard. . He. had.a.room full of jugulated wives, arid was anxious to add to the list. Fortunately, a dragoon nnd a mousquetaire came up, perhaps Porthos himself, and they rati. Mr. Blue beard through the body. It is a sad tale of depravity in high places, but is it credible that any child was ever one penny the worse for it? Perhaps Mrs. Colbron was. Her childhood " was haunted and embittered '.' ,.by ihp, wolf in " Red Riding Hood." She should have been brought up on the version, probably the older, in whioh the wolf is killed and cut up, and out jump little Red Riding Hood and her grandmother as well and jolly as ovor. Thus Red Riding Hood is obviously the dawn, and the wolf iH un eclipse, and so on. Did tho " Sleeping Beauty " frighten Mrs. Colhron? Was she afraid of prick ing her' finger with a spindle? Did she shudder at the royal grandmother who orders the children to be cooked a sauce Robert ? Then there is " Hop o' my Thumb " That Odysseus of childhood caused tho ogre to kill his own daughters. A healthy child wastes no sympathy on these victims. Thoy are all young ogres, and better out of tho way. Jack the Giant Killor is a hero with a healthy child ; ho is not on the side of the giants, he dooB not object to capital punishment when it iB richly deserved. There iB a story in which the stepmother is shod with red-hot iron shoes. It is positively necessary to alter this conclusion, and say that the stepmother, a most odious person, was made to stand in tho corner, or wus not allowed to have two helpings to pudding. Let us reflect, let oveu mothers reflect, that those good old fairy tales are tho most ancient and the most widely diffused literature in tho world. Thero is no speech in which their voice is not heard. Little Sioux and little Crow, Little frosty Eskimo know them, they are dear to little Japa nese as they were to little Greeks, and brown small Egyptians who have been mummies for theso many thousand years. Our grandmothers, who were not fero cious or cruel old ladies, told us about Cinderella and Tom-tit-tot. Now Tom tit-tot was a fiond. Were we any the worse, were our grandmothers any the worse, was all humanity, as soon as it could invent, any the worse for Hop o' My Thumb and Red Riding Hood ? Not to know their histories is to bo sadly ignorant, is to miss what all people, ap parently, have relished in all countries and ages. The imagination has been fos tered on suoh legends, and ohildren have nover takon them seriously. Except in "Pass iu Boots" (where a oat gobbles up a giant), the stories havo usually a good moral, the moral of kindness, courtesy, and courage. We venture to assert, in spito of Mrs. Colbron, and oareful mothers, that no ohild was ovor depraved even by " Puss in Boots." A ohild makes no motaphyaical distinctions, but he, or she, has plenty of common ' sense and humour. What aro ohildren to ho diverted with, if not by the immemorably ancient litera ture of tho nursery? Are they to be amused with tales of good little girls? The Biblo must at once be put out of their reach. Cain killed Abel; the flood drowned a number of persons ; Jehu was atruoulent oharaoter; David was by no means a stainless knight. Profane hifr tory is not to be thonght of for a moment. Henry VIII. was as bad a>y. Bluebeard, the Red Comyn " made ' sikkor" .in a brutal manner. Several deserving gentlemen were positively killed at Marathon'. Blood was actually shed on a vust variety of interesting? occasions. Fiction is no better. Front de Bocuf came to an end shocking to ludics of sensibility and to Mr. Ruskin. Even Harry, in " Sandford and Mi- rton," gave someone a punch in the guts. "Tbo Arabian Nights" must never be mentioned. Not a few persons were slain in " Treasure Island." The Lances of Lynwood were occasionally " washed," as' Cotewayo said. In brief, "a careful mother" willnever find a book to suit hcrtruly uuonviable nursery. We pity her children, nnd everyone would like to send them " Tho Arabian Nights" and " The Pilgrim's Progress," Apollyon and nil. We do not recommend " Uncle Silas," or tho stories of Edgar Poe, to very sensitive little girls. ' Nor are all ghost stories good for all readers under 12. But careful mothers will simply train up children certain to be bullied at school, nnd far too sensitive to live in a world like ours. If many mothers are so silly, we shall literally have a generation of Paul Dombeys. 