POoU SIR I.t1I1N. Br THE AUrnon OF 'a Ms. JER~~Io Inl3is' JoURtAL.' IL She threw her little head back as she spoke, and stood there looking at him in her proud young, beauty. The queen rose in the rosebud garden of girls, and the most aristocratic of queen roses, so exactly in her proper place in that fine conservatory, sur rounded by exotics, splendid leaves and gorgeous -flowers, more symbols of luxury and leisure. How would she have looked in a third-rate London lodging, -sitting in a shabby dining room, while her husband helped her to hashed mutton, and lukewarm pota toes? He felt that she would have been entirely out of her element; he acknowledged that it could not have been, and as he did so, shook off the one uncomfortable thought that had now and then, not marred, but per haps shocked his happiness. . 'Yes, you are right,' he said. ' Some things are impossible.' ' Noblesse oblige,' laughed Maud. 'True,' he cried; 'one can't define it-one can't set exact limits. Instinct ahd habit does it all. Noblesse oblige.' That evening, after dinner, it so happened that Sir Hildebrand began talking to him about his cousin,. the -late Sir 'John, while they drank their claret. ' . " !Poor John,' h esaid. 'I was fond of John. -I had known him from a baby, and I always maintain that there was no real harm in him; but do you know, Arthur, I would rather give my girl to you than to him.' 'Thank you,' replied his future son in-law a little dryly ; 'but there was no thought of givicg her to him, I presume.' ' Oh yes, there was,' said Sir Hilde brand calmly; ' we always intended it: no marriage could he moresuitable : it planned itself, as I may say and old Sir John and I settled it all.' ' And ?land r asked Sir Arthur as calmly, but it was a calmness" that concealed considerably irritation of feeling. ' Oh, she knew nothing about it,' said her father easily. ' He was a little wild, poor fellow, and she was so very young; they were just good friends, but it would all have come about when lie settled down.' 'And Hland would have made no objection T Sir Hildebrand laughed at this per tinacity about Maud. ' Jealous of a ghost !' cried lie. 'Of course Iland would have made no objection ! but never mind that. ilaud's heart is yours now, and she would make pretty strong olbjections to an emperor, I suspect, if he was anyone but yourself' ' You would never have given Aland to a poor man, Sir Hildebrand.' The other stared at him and then burst out laughing. 'Give Aland to a poor man ! I should rather think \- not.' 'And yet young couples may be happy though poor,' Arthur said dryly. ' Young couples I yes, if it is their portion, no doubt they can. I dare say the coachman and his wife are very happy; but we were speakin'g of Jlaud' SI am quite aware of that, Sir Hilde brand, and if Jslaud, of whom we are speaking, had happened to attach her self to a poor man, what then f 'She could not have done so.' ' But if she had T ' Of course it would have come to no thing, and she would have seen the necessity of its doing so as much as I.' ' You see 1 have been a poor man myself;' Arthur said rather sadly, ' and it makes me think of these things.' ' Well, my dear fellow, rank is rank, and it is not you or I wi.o settled these things. She would have been sorry if she had formed a misplaced attachment and I should have been sorry, but it would have to be broken off, however * sorry we might be-noblesse oblige.' Sir Arthur Tlorrington started. Here were the same too" words with which, he had so entirely agreed when they fell from laud's rosy lips a few hours before. Did they convey the same weight with them now that they were spoken by her father I He reflected a moment, determined to be reasonable and just, and he thought that they did. Then, with a bitterness, for which the next moment he blamed himself, a sudden vision rose before him of his cousin John-not drowned, not dead but alive a;nd flourshing, his wild oats sown-at least, in Sir Hildebrand's opinion-the lover, nay more, the huns band of bland, and himself a poor clerk or still poorer carate, meeting the couple accidentally somewhere and being slighted by them both ; meeting them, perhaps, at a railway station, wh`ere he got out of his inevitable third- 1 class, dirty draughty compartment, and I saw them, in all the luxuries of fans I and hot-water tins, in their equally inevitable first class carriage; and all . this that night have been-must have I been-bad been changed in one minute by the upsetting of a boat. -Sir John bad been drowned by the upsetting of I a boat on an Australian river, and he t was Sir Arthur. - 'You never saw Sir John,' said Sir Slildebrand ? ' but I suppose you knew the difference his death would make to 'Not a bit of it. - He kept up the quarrel with my branch of the family, I and my father was not a man to think or talk about dead men's shoes. Ha was not one of those men who like to say ' There are only four or five,' as the case may be, 'between me and the b baronetcy;' or, '.if such a one were to die, I should be next heir and as relations I knew nothing about fell off, I was not aware what it was all coming round to me, and when I read the account of Sir John Torrington being ] drowned, in a little paragraph in the Times, I had not a motion of what it was going to do for me.' 'I seldom regretted anything more than that little paragraph.' said Sir a Hildebrand i ' how little we know what a is before us. I caa't regret it now,' amiling at his future son-in-law ; ' and yet I was fond of John-poor fellow. is Such a fool as he was to go out to tl Australia and lead a loose sort of a life there, and go out in a boat with a lot of common fellows, not gentlemen ti even, and then be drowned because hie a couldn't swim.' 'I don't want to sa, a word against a dead man,' remariked Arthur; 'l but nothing suprises me more than hearing Sir John spoken of with affection. I tI had fancied him a very objectionable fellow.' 'I was always fond of John,' Sir - Hildebrand replied shortly, and dropped the subject, But -Arthur Torrington could. not make up his mind that his cousin John had been a good fellow, or that any amount of wild cnts. sown and done with could have made him worthy of Maud's hand. It was his own earnest determination to be himself worthy of his wife and his position, and in his schemes for their future life he had made plans for the benefit of the poor and uneducated, which at first perhaps a little disquieted SMaud, but which she soon became as much interested in as he was. Sir Hildebrand subscribed handsomely to everything that, as Sir Hildebrand, he ought to subscribe to, but beyond such bestowal of superfluous cash he did not take any great personal interest in the classes beneath him, nor had Maud been brought up to do so, though the loving influence of Arthur's noble nature modelled her's to be all that he could wish. \- You see darling,' he said, ' I have a fear of misusing our positions, and am haunted by a sense of its uncertainty.' ' Why, .what on earth can he more certain than our happiness, Arthur ' . 'Yes, Maud, on eartk-buti there is such a thing'as death, you know; in one moment I might lose everything as Sir John did. I owe all I possess to a sudden death, and I owe you, Maud, to that also,' 'Well,'- Maud said, a little pale ; ` but only . death cair-ii sepiar~ato us -and weare young and strong., We are safe in.each .other-nothing can change us except death.' 'Only if I were not a baronet and had not ten thousand a-year,' began, he, smiling. 'Yes, but you are,' she cried im patiently. 'And nothing can ever make you anything else. That one thing is certain; you always, as long as you live, will be a baronet with ten thousand a-year. Don't go on about that if any more, please, or I will say if I had been a linendraper's daughter you would never have asked me to marry you.' (To be continued.) 