BAJSTKEEjinJBEOKEE BIT 'VEEAX,' (Antlior of 'The Double Event,' ' Hard Hit,' 'Jockey Jaolc,' &o.;) \- SPECIALITY WRITTEN . FOB THE ' REFEREE/' (ALL EIGHTS BE3EB7ED.) CHAPTEB XXII.— BAD -COMPANX. MARK HALBERD was a truo son of his mother. . He had beon a plotter and schemer against the rest of mankind ever since hi3 school daj3, and oven then lie was noted for uettinc: tho best of Ms school mates whonevornn opportunity pre sented itself. Ho was a man to avoid, ami by no meiuis a desirable Bcquuintancn for Will Alton, who was roiich younger, find with a decided tendency to be easily led. William Alton l-r.d fallen in love Wit'i Lilian Melroso when they were boy and girl together, and as.he grew'hito manhood his love had beeoinu stronger.. The downfall of Cyril Melroso hsul mndo no change in young Alton's affections, al though hi3 father ever since tho crash, had resolntely set liia face- against the match. But if the elder Alton had a- will of hi*- owu, so had the younger, .and ho was ob stinate in his determination not to give up Lilian. Mark Halberd had made it his business to know Will Alton, aud whenever Marit lnade up his mind to know a poison he soon found the means. Ha know now the secret of his birth, of hi3 mother's life, and her present mode of living, aud lie hated Cyril Melroso and all connected with him as the cause of his mother's presout position, and .to do the man justico ho was fond of hor in his own selfish way. Halberd gambled, and like Cyril had been heavily hit over tho scratching of Musketry for the Cup. Ho believed Mel roso had scratched the horse to deceive the public, and had won money over his Metropolitan. ? He knew 'Ward, tlie trainer, had often frequented Loo Key's gambling don, where ho found many men connected with the lower branches of the turf. Mark Halberd had not been unfortunate in liis turf speculations, lie had won n, considerable sum of money at one tiine or another, and had now got a Horse or two of liia own. Ha was ambitious, and had sot his heart on -winning the Hunt Club Steoplechaso, which ho knew would bring him consider ably into prominence. Dandy Dick had been one of his first purchases, and when ho found out tho horso was a rogue, although a good hunter, lie managed to get rid of him at a satis factory figure to his friend, Alton. It only wanted a mouth to the steeplechase, and he was now getting into form to ride his own horse, Prism, in that event. Prism was trained by Alec Ward, who had a great opinion of him, and faneind ho would wiii.- Ward, however, would far rather hare had a more experienced jockey on his back. Tho day after the events recorded in tho ?last chapter, Mark Halberd met Will Alton at the Empire Hotel. They had a drink, and the steeplechase cropped up in tho course of conversation. 'I like Dandy Dick immensely,' said Alton, ' and he will about -win, Mark. I think you sold me the wrong horse, and lie is sure to beat Prism.' 'Nob he,' said Mark. 'If you like to back your opinion, I'll take my horse against yours for a- 'pony,'— or make it fifty if you like.' 'A ? pony.' will be quite enough for me,' said Alton. 'I'll bet you that amount if you like.' 'Very woll,' said Halberd, as lie booked the wager in his pocket book. 'Going anywhere to-night, Will?' he added. 'No; nowhere in particular,' said Will 'Then eoine with me. . I've ordered a little supper at the Paris House. One or tiro fair Jadios from the Royal, and a friend or two of mine.' 'I'll come,' said Will. Then bethought, 'By jove, that's hardly fair to Lil.' Halberd saw he hesitated, and said : ' Don't put yourself out to come. Per haps you have some genuine love affair on. Miss Melrose objects to supper parties, I havo no doubt. She's qi;ito right, too. ' I half promised I'd see her to-night,' said 'Will; ' however, I'm a pretty regular attendant at her shrine, so she can spare me for one evening at any rate.' ? Will Alton looked at his watch,, and said : ' I must be off to the paternal office now. I'll see you at half-past ten. Hark. 'Au. revoir' said Mark, and as he looked after Will's retreating figure thought: . ? . . .'You're an innocent lamb. I shall take Rood care Miss Lilian discovers where you have been. How I hate that tribe. I wiBh I could ruin every Jlelrose living. Lilian is beautiful. By jove, I should not mind possessing her myself. Dandy Dick will win, nvill he my boy ? Not if I know it. I'vo too much depending- on the result for that: I'd sooner break hia neck, aud yours, too, my -friend, before that happened; at all hazards, Prism must win.- I've made pretty certain of it this time, I fancy. Dandy Dick, indeed. 'Why he hasn't a ghost of a chance. Phillip Baxter met young Alton as he ?walked down the street on the way to his father's office, and remembering what he had said to Mrs. Melrose the night before, asked him to step into his office. Will Alton liked Baxter. Most young men did like ' old Phil,' as they called him. ' What hove you got on the cards this morning ?' said Will, as he entered the office. ' ? ' Something concerning yourself,' replied Baxter. .-.. Alton looked surprised, and said laugh ing: ' What on earth can it be ?' 'You know Mark Halberd,'I believe,' said PhU. 'Just had a drink with him at tho Empire,' said Will. Baxter looked at his watch. . ' Eleven o'clock. Bad habit this drink ing in the morning. You'youngsters would be far better without so much nipping. But I'm not going to lecture you about it, I'll leave it to your own common sense. Do you know much about Halberd ?' : 'I've known him for some time,' replied Will ; ' and his mother visits our house pretty frequently. Dashed -if I don't thinlc she's setting her cap at the pater. I don't; like her well enough to envy the prospect of her being a step-mother.' 'I should think you don't,' said Bax ter. 'If I were you, Alton, I'd cut Mark Halberd's acquaintance as soon as possible. He's a bad companion for you, a very bad companion.' 'Oh, he's all right,' said VRU ; 'there are plenty worse than Halberd. Why don't you like him, Mr. Baxter ?' 'I could tell- you why I do not like him,' said Phil; 'but it would be too long a story. Take the advices of an older man than yourself, and cut his acquain tance.' , ? ' But I must have some reason for doing bo,' said Will; 'and, besides, I have promised to have supper with him at Paris House to-night.' ' And with no one olso ?' said Baiter. 'Yoa, a couple of lady frionds of his, I think ho said.' ' And do you think Lilian Melrose would like that?' said Baxter. 'No, I don't,' said'.Altoni candidly; ' but I'va promised to go, and go I must.'. 'Don't,' said Phil. ' Go down to Belle vuo to-night and see Mrs. Molrose ; she has something important' to say to you, sonie tliiag you ought to hear, and which con cerns both you and Lilian.' ' What can it be 1' said Alton. '. Go and hear for yourself. You know, Alton, I niii «. friend of the Molroses, and ul3o of yours, and I am advising you for tlie best, I asaure you. Do not go to Pans House to-night; and if Mark Halbord asks you why you were nofc thore, say yon had more important business elsewhnro. Break with that man as sooji as you can, for he will do you no good.' Will Alton hesitated, but his better nature told him Baxter was rigbt, and after a few moment3 thought, he replied: ' I will see Mrs. Melrose to-night, aud I will not join Hulberd at supper.' '? Give me yoiir hand' on tbnt, my lad. Yoii have acted right, and I will always bo a friend both to you and Lilian,' said Phil. ' ' I kiiow you will,' said Alton. 'I know I can trust you, and that 13 why I accept your advice.' Phillip Baxter s'ent'a telegram to Mrs. Melroso, stating Will would be witU her at night, nnd concluded with the words '? Tell him all.' Now he had made up his mind not to join Mark HalbHrd that night, Will Alton felt considerably relieved. Although he coiuited Miirfc Halberd as.a friend, he liadno particular liiiug for him, and know him to be, at times, guilty of rather shady transactions. He 'thought a good detl over^oxter's advice, and he know when tho Broker did speak out lie always had good grounds for so doing; As he rode to Bollerae. lie wondered what Mrs. Melrose could havo to say to him, aiid liow it could concern Lilian and himself. When Flora Melrose recoived Baxter's wire she at once made tip. her mind to tell Will all, nnd thus eave Lilian any trouble aud annoyance. 'Mr. Baxter told me you had something you wished to say to me,' said Will. ' Yes, Willie, I have, and it is better I should tell you now than you Bhould hear it from others. Last night Lilian told me for the first time she met Mrs. Halberd at your father's house. I cannot allow Lilian to visit, any houso where Mra. Halberd is received,' said Mrs. Melroso. „ Will looked surprised as lie esiid : ' Surely it is rather a harsh decision, Mrs.- Melrose.' 'Not under the circumstances, Willie.' Then she told him all. She told him of Cyril's intimacy with Miriam Halberd, and how this woman had insulted hor through Lilian, who had innocently convoyed her message to Her. Slio couiu not tell him Mark Halberd was Cyril's son, because she was unaware of that fact... :. 'Will Alton '-*&~'surp~rlMa 'of what' he heard, as well ho might be. ' . He knew Mrs. Molrose would not have told him the story had it not been for Lilian's sake. He respocted her for the step she had taken,' and he vowed his father should know Mrs. Halberd's truo character, when he would certainly, so Will thought,, decline to receive hor. 'You aro quite right, Mrs. Melrose. Lilian should never be contaminated by such » woman as Mrs. Halberd. She must bo a heartless wretch to use Lilian for such a purpose, and to bring you such a message. I shall tell my father what her real character is, and lie will then decline to see her ngaiu. Lilian shall nevor meot that woman in our house.' Mrs. Melroso had her doubts about Mr. Alton declining to receive Miriam Halberd. She know the dangerous influence she could exorcise over men. ' I hope your father will decline to see her, Willie. She is a dangerous woman.' 'lam sure he will,' replied Will. 'If ho does not I shall decline to remain under his roof. I will not stay in a house where Lilian cannot see me.' 'Has mother told you, Willie?' said Lilian, when she saw him after his inter view with his mother. J ' Yes, Lilian, and she is quite right,' he said. ' And is Mr3. Halberd such a bad woman?' said Lilian. . . ? ' Yes,' said Will. ' I cannot toll you anything about her, Lilian, but if my father still continues to receive her I shall net remain at his house.' ? 'But you mu3t not quarrel witli your fathor on my account,' said Lilian; 'I would not have that happen for worlds.' ' My father, if he haa any respect either for you or I, Lilian, will never see this woman again. When I tell him what your mother has told me, I havo no fear of the result.' When Will Alton did not arrive at Paris House for supper, Mark Halberd was by no means iu an angelic frame of mind; and his companions subjected him to on un merciful chaffing. He vowed vengeanco against Will for disappointing him. 'It's that confounded girl has done it,' he thought. 'No doubt he saw her after he made the arrangement with me, nnd he had not tho decenoy even to send an excuse. I'll make him pay for this. Ho shall know he cannot treat me in this oS-baud manner. That chit of a girl makes a regular fool of him.' ? .; , When Will Alton reached home his father was smoking his cigar, after coming from the club. His Bon at once made an attack upon him in the direction of Miriam Halberd. ''.''...', Sir. Alton -was by no means a sanc timonious individual,' and at first he felt inclined to re30nt what lie called Mrs. Melrose1 a squeamishness, but when his son argued the point with him he was fain.to confess Mrs. Melrose - could . not have acted otherwise. ' She's a devilish fine woman, Miriam Halberd, and a clever woman, Will,' he said, with evident reluctance, at giving way. ? -. .,?..'.? 'And she's a bad woman, father, I'm sure of that.' ?/'??' ..,?? '???', .'?' ? , . ' If I give up the mother you must; drop the son,' said Mr. Alton.. .'I am sure he's no good, and a bad companion for you.' ' Thaf s what Baxter told me this morn ing,' said Will. '????.'?'.. 'Sensible man, ? Baxtor,' replied Bia father; 'a man I have a great respect, for. Deuced keen in business, but straight aa a dart;'' ; : - - -.?-.?'. .,'.' '?';-' '; ????.:- ? 'I'll get out of Halberd's acquaintance as eoon aa I can, without offending him,' said Will. r- ? ' ' 'By jove!' said his father, as athoughfc struck him. ' What's the matter ?' said Will. ' Suppose Mark should bo Cyril JTel ro3e's son?' he said: 'Nonsense,' said Will. * '?Then whose son is: ho?' asked his father. '. ' . 'Blest if I know,' said Will. ; . 'Depend upon it, Mark Halberd ia. Cyril's son..' That's why the fellow hates all the family, I suppose.' 'Hqw do yon knowhe hates the family, father?' ? ' ? ? ', - .; . 'Because he 'said, as much to me one night. A nice, amiable young man that. Deuced fine woman the mother, as I said before, but the son— pshaw!' . ' From all I have honrd to-day, I think we shall be well fid of the pair of them,' said Will. V Do you know, father, I had an idea you' woro matriuioually inclined again, and I am suro Mrs.. Halberd haa designs' on you. I should strongly hp.ve objected to her ns a stop-mother.' Mr. Alton laughed outright. 'My dear boy,' ho said; '? Mrs. Hal berd is not the sort ot' wonnm a man of my exporionco marries,' and he emphasised the last word. 'Oh dear, no.- She's (ill very well as an acquaintance. Your dear mother was a good wifo, Will, but by no means such an angelic buiug an to tempt ,mo to enter the lioiids of matrimony a second time.' Will was perfectly satisfied -with his father's decision. ? . . ' . ' Marry Miriam Halberd,' thought IilrV Alton ; ' tliiit is a joke. Sho'll lie a bit hard to got rid of, but now I know her secret I can soon bring her to reason. I'll bet — no, I never bet — that Marl; is Cyril's son. It will startle you whon 1 1st you see I know that, my lady. Marry liar. Woll, that's about the best thing I've heard fora long time. I wish Will would got married. Nice girl, Lilian. D— = — fool, Mtilrose was, to be sure. Believo old Baxter's in love with Mrs. Melrose. They do say he's more to her than he ought to be. Lies, of course. Mrs. Melrose is not a.wohi»u to forgot; herself, and old Baxter's ideas of morality are pretty antiquated. Grid, I wish mino were. I'm no saint, but by George I must draw tho lino between Miriam Halberd and Mrs. Melrose. Old Baxter might leave his money to Lilian out of pure love for the mother. Ho's just the sort of cuss to. do that. Anyhow, Lilian's not a bad match for Will. Marry Miriam Halberd. Oh lor, that ia a joko.' (To BE CONTINUKD.) 