C L I T I TV G S . By Fueb Lanck. A j'EUSON iu England with £500 can vent a farm of (JO or 70 acres with good buildings comfortable hou6e, and all conveniences upoii it. His wife will live, in company amongst neighbours of her own sort, be happy, and hobnob with the rural postboy, with the tract distributor, the parish parson, and the locyil dressmaker. If the pai-son's maternity every year, and the village bone setter's daughters are slightly gone on amateur theatricals, the local poBtboy is sure to have the little secrets of all the parish beaux, whilst the dressmaker is in full possession of the confidences of all and sundry belles from. XI years to 65. What a happy medley the farmer's wife has to re late to her servant girls in confidence when she has lesrut all una everything how the cows are milking, wlion the brown daisy will calve, and wheu Tom Shaw, the cow doctor's medicine will ever cure the sick cow. She lias uot much faith in Tom Shaw ay -l cow-doctor, hut thinks he might have married better if ho had .married her friend the spinster dressmaker instead of the dawdling daughter of the anarchist and chartist shoemaker. She does not believe hur goc6e arc half crammed as they ought to be, because the girl is always tlaukiugubont the hungry looking young ploughman. The boDcsettei-'s daughter has her geese as fat as Falstaff, aud stulfs thorn and read Shake speare as easy as herself could sing cluetiaua awako and boil frumenty on a Christmas morning. She verily beliovcs that like acts like and like works like, aud that it is far bolter to think of Falstaff kissing the maid than to Inn c too much of Launce and Speed the two lean gentlemen of Verona. She ii!-es the feminine of the Italian town much better than the men and she had fixed her mind on calling the uoxb daughter 6he had Veronica — it was'sueh a pretty name. The Australian farmers wife is troubled with nothing but empty pickle bottles rusty jam tins, hen lice, aod fleas. Australian calves were the biggest fools she ever saw—: never fatten— always sucking. If you hand feed them, they eut sand, old shoes, old bones, rags, the clothes cord, or anything they could get in their months. Sho had seen both calves and children eat matches. Australian girls are never courted, they have no sweethearts, no village postman, no hunesettor's daughters, and no cow- doctors, no chistiaus awake, and no Christmas fruuionty. They have a great admiration for a buckjumper and old men. Nobody with a soul or a spirit has evor died in Aus tralia—there are no ghosts. The London world is now going off its head over the number of women that must main unmarried. Aud a not of moralists have bit upon a plan that is to change all this. The plan is simply to be a competitive one. Each young woman is to pass an examination, vand i:n female is to be allowed to marry unless she has been before tbe examiners. Marriage will rio more justly be called a lottery ; young men will receive from the examining board an authentic and impartial statement of their intendeds capa bilities. Your anti-nuptial avowal that your betrothed is personified perfection will be checked by tbe statement that she barely passed in her domestic economy paper ; bo will your post nuptial complaints at the continued mismanagement of your house hold be silenced by the report that your wife 1 took 'a first-class iu poultry management. There should be no exaggeration of virtues or defects for the examiners certilicute will ! tell you precisely what percentage of marks iu every department one will take home with him i»n his wedding day. A good number of cand/dHtes will be altogether rejected. Those who do more than fairly we-l will he eligible to many baronets, whilst only a candidate who showed exceptional brilliancy will become a potential duchess. Those who fall short of the standard will, perhaps, be allowed to marry rich manufacturers and foreign noblemen. But still it is not quite easy to see what the subjects of examination would be. For whilst it would be folly — if pre sent state of social society is taken iuto account to expect the future lady of title to sludy practical cooking, yet a farmer, when choosing a wife would prefer a familiarity with tliis art to the most scientific know ledge of harnyjny. Then again it would be difficult to insist on a study of the same subjects for the wives of the author, the labour organiser, the dentist, or the Prime Minister. But who are to be the exuraincrs? If they are' men, they may be' somewhat pre judiced by tho personal appearance of the' 'angels,' while should ladies fill the pwi tion, it would be a toss «p whetherany certi ficate would be granted at all. Only thus.* who do worthily in the examination will be permitted to marry, and uncertified beiuty will avail nothing. For my own part, were I a woman, 1 should rather take my chance in the old fashioned way; and 1 anisuremoRt of niy 44 fair angel readeis' will be of the same opinion. But wait ; would it not he a better plan to let the women liave a try something after the Burmese way of matri mony. Burmese women are held, to he great personages and play a great part in their households. These chose their own husbands and divorce them wheu they like, retaining their own property and all that theyhave earned. They are at liberty to marry again, whetheraswidowsordivorceos. Now my apgulic reader would not. such a way suit you hotter than a competitive 'one, which would preclude you from aa alliance with a mau of bright intellect, who you wouldotherwiselmveachauceof ' booking.' Somkwbfjie in tho viciuity of the Rich mond River nn aboriginal stone axo of Gne workamaiiship wjis unearthed the other day. 'Evor hineeCook burthened the unfortunate sister colony with a name of irritating in flexibility, the Australian branch of the Papuan family has been considered the lowest rung iu the ladder of humanity, . It h&d; neither pa6t nor future, 'and but h miserable present. In Bome districts the natives boiled young alligators for lunch hy heaving hot stones into the creatures' pools ; in others the young males were helped across the thrctjhfold of manhood by having their front teoth punched out uud their bodies mutilated ; in all. a crooked stick was the most warlike implement — k feast of grubs the daintiest dinner. They were the only primitive people - in the wide world who never got as far as bows ;ind arrows. The idea of looking for a prehistoric Hint hatchet or the traces of an old-world camp ing-place botween Sydney ami Perth was as chimerical as a search for Sink-id's valley. | And now cum?* ths Uiobmond llivuv st«,ne | hxo to bewilder antiquaries: There. is n| certain pleasure iu learning that tin' JauU of your birth or adoption is nut so bud ah ru- ' presented. Still, it is as well to be cautious. Kelicii, both vjicvt'd sind profane, bsive broil fi-und ere now l.y porsoiiM inteicsted in dis covering th«Dj— persons who touk the pre caution to hide thorn first, In their Euro pean wanderings many Americans have eomc acrosssuffieiout properly authenticated letters of Columbus to ballast a frigate. It would be prudent to dig for the handle of that Hichuioud axe aud compare it wiLh one from Massachusetts. 