PA:RLIAYfE'S'TAEY NOTES. Thursday's sitting of the Legislative Conn cil was principally occupied in a debate on the second reading of the short bill intro. duced by Mr. Zeal, to amend the provisions of the local Government Act relating to the valuation of ratable property, and to im provement rates. The Postmaster-General emphasised the fact that municipalities were likely to he compelled to increase their rates in consequence of the alteration cardi:d by Mr. Service last session, reducing the compu tation of the annual value of property fromn to 3 rcr cent., and tMr. Service in strongly opposing the bill denied that the basis of the valcation should have any effect in the direc tion of impoverishing municipalities. Their rates were struck after the valuation, and were to meet the estimate of municipal requirements, while all that ought to ba looked at in valuing was that the valuation should be carried out on n just principal. Sir Frederick Sargood and several other members rlso objected to the clause which proposed to empower councils to increase an imlprove ment rate beyond the amount specified in the ratepoyers' petition asking for the impovement. After considerable discussion the bill was read a second time and reached committee stage. Members of the Legislative Assembly re turned to Parliamentry duty on 'tuesday afternoon, and spent another evening in dis cussing the Budget. The anticipation of the Premier that the debate wouhl be concluded that evening was not fnllille, and as more than a dozen members have yet to speak the 'end cannot be foretold. SirBryan O'Loghlen Fhowed himself to be a formid tbie critic of the Government policy, and his long speech manoe a visible impression in the Ministerial Corner. Sir Bryan condemned the Budget roundly, and saw only one point to commend -namely, the proposal to inarease protective duties. He declared that the Munro Govern ment had almost rained the colony; that the retrenchment proposals of the present Government were calculated to make things worse than they were; that peop!e takuin their cue from those proposals would be less inclined that, before to invest money-in short there was nothing in the Budget to lift the colony out of its depression. Tue Govern ment had failed to grasp thesituation,and if it would not recast its proposals he was prepared, provided a majority approved, to forma Go vernment to show what ought to be done. In 1881 he restore i prosperity when Sir (Graham Berry left a deficit of £500,000, and he ha t no doubt he could do something in that direction now. What was wanted was employment of the people, and if the Govern. ment showed that it had confidence in the colony, instead of proclaiming that we were poverty-stricken, it would afford employ ment, and encourage private persons to do likewise. He was against the Treasurer in regard to the inclusion of the deficit of the Land Sales by Auction Fund in the general deficit; he was opposed to the return to the twopenny postage ; he believed that a spirited but cautious policy of railway con struction should bhe initiated, aund thought that if the farmers received the benefits of railway extension they would not mind paying a " trifle" more for their commodities, so as to encourage manufactures in the city. Slow progress is bring made with the Budg.t debate in the Legislative Assembly. On Wednesday thesubject was taken up early but Mr. Downes Ca ter, Mr. Isvers, and Mr. Campbell only were afforded an opportunity of speakine, and the las:named had not con eluded when the time arrived for private business. At half-past 8 a ghost appeared. Mr. Trenwith moved for a select committee to inquire into the grievances of certain men named Kitchen. Robottam, and Bishop who alleged that upwards of s0 years ago they were wrongfully deprived of i goltl.mie at Guildford by the Bankof Australasia. This is a celebrated case, and was remitted to a Select Committee (which did not report upon it) in 1874. Incidentally the chargesranged from murder to tampering with letters, and not only the bank officials, but every Minister of Justice, as well as the Crown Law officers and the post-office staff, were involved. Mr. Trenwvith declared it was impossible to believe the extraorddinary allegations, but he thought Ire could induce the House to order n inqrriry if ihe dwelt upon the necessity of tte fair fame of the colony being vindicated against the asper sionn of the aggrieved persons, who hsd published ran asmrziung pamphlet on the subject. He found a willing seconder in Mr. Maloney, but received severe treatmant from almost every other member who spoke. M3r. Duffy, for the Government asserted that the wild charges carried with them their own refutation, and informed the House that the Principal partner in the concern had been an inmate of a lunatic asylum. Mr. M'Lellan, JIr. Richardson, and Mr. Gordon, who had inquired into the case, assured the House that there was nothing in it. The bank, it appears, had merely foreclosed, as it had the right to do as mortgagor. Mr. Maloney insisted on a division on the motion, but it was negative.l by 52 votes to 8. 