LOVE BETTER THAN! SACRIFICE: / Copyright: } AN INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT. By OSCAR PARK. CHAPTER III. STRAIN ED liELATIOXS. They were tostart at eleven the next morning. To a message from Mrs. liurdick, asking Miss Mowbray whether she would not go with them, the girl had sentran affirmative inswer. It wus n visit she had wished to make, but she had not wished that Signor Marconti should be of their party. She felt annoyed that Mrs. liurdick should have mentioned the proposed excursion while he was present, and yet she was not so unjust as to visit upon that lady even the gentlest of reproaches. Jt was unfortunate ; that was all. Signor Marconti had plainly not lost a certain real or assumed devotion, which had declared itself some months before when he had met her in London, and which ollended her without her being able to say clearly why, beyond the fact that it was dis tasteful. Nothing in the nature of a proposal had ever been made to her by him, and she could not say that at any moment of their ac quaintance this man's conduct was other than that of a gentleman, making allowances for the ' differences of expression belonging respectively to the Saxon and Latin races. Nevertheless, in all his intercourse with her there was a warmth, which chafed her constantly, though it never ap proached a limit where she felt justified in resent ing it. It seenied toher now that she did not care to make one of the party to the catacombs if he, too, was to be of it ; and she had quite made up her mind that she would remain with her father for the day. Not that there was any necessity for her services. He always declared peevishly to every snch offer of hers, that his servant suited him better than anyone else. She went to his sitting-room when she left the party in the drawing-rocm and gave him an account of tho evening. She concluded it by saying 'They are all going to the Catacombs to-morrows and for a drive on the Campagua and lunch. They asked me to go, but I prefer not.'' He had not looked at her or spoken during her account. Now with his eyes still on the wood fire before him he asked — ' Who are to go, do you say !' ' Mr. and Mrs. liurdick, Mr. Thorndon, Signor Marconti, and the young gentleman who spoke to us in the Forum to-day, Mr. Dormsen.' ' I wish you to go with them.' She looked at him in surprise. He never spoke in this way but for some reason of weight with him, and she could not conceive what it might portend. But her response to Mrs. Burdiek's inquiry was — 'Yes, I shall go with you.' , There were two carriages for the party, and as they drew up at the doors of the hotel Signor Marconti stepped eagerly forward to assist Miss Mowbray and secure a place by her side. Her eyes had caught the movement, and she impulsively turned to Dormsen, who stood near her, and said, ' Will you ride with Mrs. liurdick and me, Mr. Dormsen V ' Dormsen, with a quick Hush of pleasnre.stepped before the Italian without noticing the purpose of the latter, over whose face passed an angry scowl. Iii.it Dormsen saw nothing of it, and, after assist ing the ladies to their places, followed them into the carriage. The second carriage held the other three gentlemen. They drove down the modern 'Via Nationale with its monotonous rows of tall and ugly buildings ; through the narrow streets of the older and poorer quarters between the Capi toline and the Quirinul ; near the spot where Tarquinia drove her chariot over the dead body of . nor father ; past the grim arches of the Colosseum ; then between the gardened slopes of the Palatine and Cielius, andtho waste lands of this deserted quarter of Kome; through the ancient walls by the gate of St. Sebastian and into the Appian Way. They halted where a gateway opened on abroad gravel walk. ' I have arranged,' said Kignor Marconti, as they all stood together at the entrance, 'for a more extended walk through the Catacombs than visitors usually have.' They passed on to the steep stairway, made at some recent date for a more commodious descent to the passages below. To each was given a long lighted taper, and presently they stood far under ground on the uneven surface of the uppermost of these dismal tunnels. Everyone knows, at least by description, the general features of the Catacombs, but no one can conceive except by personal ex perience tho horrible depression which ever gathers weight as you wind onward in that in terminable grave. Upon all our party there came a sudden silence, as the last ray of sunlight faded and their fitful torches threw strange, ghost-like gleams into the channelled spaces, branching ever and anon from right and left as they advanced, or- on some pallid bones and skulls grinning at them from the opened niches they were missing. They were walking in a tunnel, wnose roof rose scarcely above their heads ; the lloor uneven and rugged ; the walls so close together in places that their clothing almost touched on each side the rudely excavated stone. On they went, turning and ?winding, now on. a ?sharp descent, and even, as it seemed, plunging deeper and deeper into the depths of the earth. It became too fearful to endure in silence, and a gaiety that was evidently forced and unnatural echoed, along the galleries. A remark, which. could be tortured into the sem blance of a jest, would arouse peals of laughter. ;To think in silence was torture. The place was enough like a tomb, without those endless graves, .;to shake the stoutest heart unfamiliar with its horrors ; but to everyone the uncoilined skeletons half : disclosed from amid their . black shadows under the passing glimmer of the tapers emphasised the terrors of the place. That man or .woman must have a heart of stone, a spirit of wood, who can go unmoved through the Cata combs. He is not a coward who shrinks from it, and whose lip pales in those hideous vaults; but he who really feels the nameless terror and endures it is blessed with a courage of generous proportions. 'Shall it never end ';' muttered Christopher Dormsen to himself, as they seemed to go deeper and deeper. He alone of them all appeared to have no heart even for the affected hilarity of the others; A cold perspiration caught the light in ..innumerable, tiny drops all over his face and forehead. It was not tho warmth of that underground air, for ho shivered from time to time as: though chilled. It weighed .upon, him . more horribly, than a; nightmare, from which we struggle in yniii tobefreed.' Theclose walls seemed . to /'.press upon his lungs, and the breath came laboured as with an ellort. To him it was not the consciousness of tho uses to which these awful pits were put ;; not the '-graves. and their fleshless bones that made the torture so great, but tho Konso of j eonlincment, of .siill'ocation, of slow death , in hopeless gasps for air. He did not speak. He heard the yoices-^-the laughter' of the others, as in a dream one hears it lie speech of others from some vast distance, i His mind caught lio sense of what was said. '',?', -??'.-?.;? '..'y-''-;'- ? '?'.?/..' ''-.' He was walking just In front of Miss Mowbray arid behiml- Mureonti,who was following the guide, Mr. liurdick was the last. His interest was not so keen as to make it probable he would wander from the party, so that they' were very sure to remain u compact body, while he was the last and the guide lirst. Sonic remark of Miss Mowbruy's caused the 'Italian to turn towards her, and, as he did so, his eyes fell on ??JJornisoii's face. It was impossible that his keen vision should uot detect the others dis tress. His glance rested hut an instant on Dormsen,und he turned back again und walked on without speaking, though he had clearly looked behind him with the purpose of making some reply to Miss Mowbray. His bloodless lips became com pressed, and his eyes peered down the unexplored passages they passed with a vindictive light which was certainly not roused by tho empty gloom into which they looked. There are men with whom fancies rise into the dignity of facts upon Hie unaided impulse of their own passions. W c think ordinarily that motives to deeds of wrong must bo- justified to the common sense of mankind ; but, as always when wo generalise, we make our r.ilo too narrow, or omit to allow for the excep tions. And it is trite to say that in no field of possible knowledge are exceptions so many and mi inexplicable as to our general rules of mental phenomena. Air. liurdick, from his post at the rear, gavo assurance from time to time of his presence. His voice now sounded along tho line before him, ; though mullled by the close and winding walls and roof. 'What a dreadful waste of labour this ;s .'Couldn't they grow mushrooms down here ? ' ' Mr. liurdick,' said his wife reproachfully, 'you ore incorrigible. 1 believe you would turn the cathedrulss into wine vaults if you could have four way,' ?? ' No, uo.' J-e answered ; ' they tfou't ua» these things for any purpose' now— except . fo» exercise.' , 'Yes, if this fellow walks us about much more,' said T'lormlon, in a somewhat indignant tone, ' I shall wish we had one of your waggons down here, Mr. liurdick, to take us back. I think we have walked a couple of iiiHcr iato these endless holes, and they arc all quite alike for anything 1 can see. One group of galleries and shelves and family vaults and bones i» just like another group. How they ever got to tlleir own, or distinguished it when they didj?ul to it, is more than I can understand.' lie had scarcely spoken, when a sudden turn brought them to the foot of the steps by which' tliey had entered, and a glimmer of daylightbroko ' upon them. Without retracing any of their stepi, but by a wide circuit, they hail again reached tnj entrance. When they stood once more in the day light even the least sensitive among them felt the relief — the dear boons of light and untram { mulled space. Dormsen walked quickly away j towards the waiting carriages, and Mr. Iiurdiek followed him, leaving the others chattering over the strange experience with a rebound to joyous life that was no longer affected. Dormsen stood with uncovered head, wiping the moisture from his forehead and panting hard u.i though from some severe physical or mental strain, when Mr. liurdick caiue up to him. ' It shames me,' said Dormsen, apologetically, ' that 1 am so much alfected by that grave.' ' Oh, nonsense !' was the reply, ' we all felt queer. It's air uncomfortable hole,' or series of lioles rather, But I followed you up because I: wanted to ask you something: You'll excuse-me; 1' know. I'm a blunt fellow anil usually say what : 1 think, and ask any questions that conic into: my head. Do you ? know this Italian, Mr. — what's his name— Marconti ?!?' ' I saw him yesterday; after the fable d'hote, the first time:' I do' not know him more.' 'Has he any grudge against you— dislike you for anything, you know ? Ever get in his way '!' - ' How could it he; Mr. Iitmlick ? No, I am sure not. We have nothing in common ; no.' ' Well, he looked at you once ? while we were down in the Catacombs; as though. ho would like to bury you there and leave you. If I was in your place I would keep an eye on him, unless 1 was prepared' to let him have his own way.' Tho others were coining up to them, Signor Marconti walking with Miss Mowbray behind Mrs. Hurdick and Mr. Thorndon. - ' I hoped to have come in the carnage with you, Miss Mowbray,' he was saying. 'Do you think I should have joined your party for the society of the English ennuyc or the American ?' ' They are my friends, Signor Marconti. 1 hope you will speak well of them, or at least not ill, whatever you may think.' 'No, pardon, Miss Mowbray! Not your 'friends.' There cannot be a common ground between you and them. You cannot think their thoughts. And the other— Monsieur Dormsen — he is a boy ; but 1 envied him his privilege.' He was watching her face closely, and saw the quick flush which overspread it. and faded as quickly again. He placed his own interpretation upon it, but in fact it only arose because his words recalled her impulsive act, by which she had spared herself this man's companionship in the ride. There was no opportunity for more. They had reached the carriages and were soon seated and on their way to their picnic ground, which was to be under the shadow of the arches, of 'one of the Aqueducts, whose long lines stretch across the. Campngna. It was in deference to a whim of Mr. Burdiek's that the place was selected. To him these waterways were fascinating in proportion to theirabsurdity. It was one of the mildest of the Roman winter days, and the shadows tempered the warmth of the sun with their welcome shelter. The rolling level of the Campagna stretched away on all sides ; here to the haze hovering above the sea ; there to the long, gray walls of the ancient city ; and before them— to right and left— to the foot of the Alban mountains and the Sabine hills. The ; fresh grass sprang in thick tufts about the foot of the massive pillars of the Aqueduct, and green lizards Hashed here and there among the leaves : or over the grev stones. No sound of life reached them, lieyont! and within the circle' ofthpsedis tant walls what life had throbbed1 for loiui-ages! And there along the line of the AppianAyay lay theruined toni us '(if those; who-' had ^walked1; the' streets of the marble city long before the' walls now looked upon were built. And1 all' about lay the desolate fe\ ei plagued w a.stes, vJioic once had been blooming gardens and wawng helds of coin 'How much more \i\idl\,' c\el .lined Claia Mowbray, 'I can picture 'the 'old life of Koine' when I get away fiom its di-- tiocting mi\tuie of all the centimes, and onlj mjc it-. gic.it walls fionn a spot like this Mj fancj can put w hat it v- ill behind them now ' ' I could be more enthusiastic about it,' half grumbled 'Ihoindon, 'if the} had made their water-pipe tight That is the second diop this Aqueduct has leiked into my neck ' ' Oh, this soit of thing,' sud Mi Buidick, glancing up at the old aich abn\e them with a look of disgust, 'this bolt of thing is a shim When 1 think of tho general inutility of- such a- contrivance, and the shameful waste of ; labour and money in ? ' 'Mr. Burdick1' nitcirtiuted his wife,' h.ue jou any conception of the delight of an unallowed holiday?' 'Or of conveisation without vulguitj,' 'laid Marconti, in a tone pitched so low .is onh to i each the ear of Claia Movtbioy, near \\\ llom he had placed'himself. ' It 'is .better than coaiseness,' she answciod, without looking at him He hit Int. hp and tinned ]iiciontl\ to Doinisen ' And you, Mr Doinisen. \ou land this e\panse more generous than the Catacombs of bt Cal listus:' ' Yes, the Caticombs weie appalling I shall not repeat my \isit ' 'They are nut pleasant, Mi Doinisen It is not pleasant to be lost in them, should jou think?' 'Why do you Miggest such a honor' ' asked Miss Mo\\\bia\ 'Has it e\ei happened.'' Mis liurdick in quired, with a sliiuUlu! 'Ah, yes! I will shew Mr. .Dormsen some day,' he sud, as he turned again to that young man, ' something liiteiestuig in one of the Cata combs. I w ill take him to the spot w hcie a m m once perished in aw fill agons A few stops moie ; would ha\e bioiujitliini to the light, hut lie died : in the daikutss and loneliness and hoiroi ot his sure fate.' j Dormsen lose and walked away without reply ' ing. Maiconti looked aftei him with a simttei smile on his lips, which Mi liurdick noted, it no , one else did. Olaia Mow bi.iy was conscious th it j some spirit, not altogethci a fitting guest at a pic I nic.wasiiioMiigintlieii midst, buttlicfcchngpasscd I as theluiich piogicsscd, and a moicjowil tcnipei ; asserted itselt unioug them all. Lvcn Maicouti yielded to its influence, though that u.a-- not so remarkable ]iei haps, since his was a natuie that could plot and iiule- at the same time. And Dormsen, while lie ni'vu (ould he wholly himself , withaspint so antagonislu to his own lueuthmo' the same atniosphcie with him,) etfelt.as he could ! not help feeling, the lnlluonce of tho bright day ? and genial an and, more than all besides, the dclight'ot acompimonship which was beginning ? to move him with stiangi'loiee So thoculj afti i ' noon woit on and the shadows vcie glowing towards the east when they started on their return drive (2'o be continual a i.andiaiiv was complaining run 'no couldn't) nmkn both «nd» liu-.ut. ' Well,' suid u border, ;.V why DOt Illllku 0111 Clld URI tallies/ Haitv is llio father whose children are 90 young that ho cun dcludt) them into the belief that the pro cession is all thore is of I ho circus. S11.vp.1t dollnrs with holes in thmn aro painfully numerous, but they arc uot lmlf so painfully j numerous ns holes without any silvor dollwra around 1 An Englishman went to Now York and put, up a Bign' Established in 1804,' and rather prided him self upon the antiquity of his establishment. Tho next day bis Yankee rival across t lie way burlesqued his sign in this way: ' Established yesterday. No old goods on hand.' A litti.k fellow livo yours old, who had been wear ing undershirts much too small for him, was one day, ufU-r having been washed, put into a garment us much too largo as the other had beon too small. Our six-year-old shrugged his shoulders, shook himself; walked around, and finally burst out with, 'Mil, I do feel awful lonesome in this shirt!' Harvard students aro organising a total absti nence society, ' freo from pledgos, bigotry, and importunity,' and based on 'common sense, self respect, and gentlcninnlincsa,' Tho society will favour total nbstineuco, but a memberwill bo allowed freely to withdraw from Mm organisation whenevor ho finds tho practico of its priaciplo too muck for him, 