THE HAUNTED STREAM TRA6EDY In an article on the Haunted Stream Tragedy, one of the Melbourne papers states that " there is little doubt that Detective Considine has already-in his mind decided who committed this mur der,as murder most foul it was,and it is hot two much to say that an arrest may rbe looked for ere long. .Gonsidine, however, is still at Sterling, and has not yet, so it is understood, sent in any report of a conclusive character res pecting the case. The place where the murder committed was called Haunted Stream Greek, because it was alleged that the ghost of a well-known cha racter called “ Ballarat Harry” haun ted the place. Harry was alleged to -have been murdered' there.- It is said that the ghost would 'appear occasion ally standing on the edge of the creek to some of the miners who were there in the prosperous times- “ Ballarat Harry ’’ is also alleged to have been the Missing Bodger Tichborne, and the story of the murder is told in one of Bolfe Boldrewood’s colonial stories. ' Yesterday’s Argus reports Detective Gonsidine's return to the city, and states that the preliminary investiga tion revealed that the explosion was due to dynamite placed under the floor of the building, immediately beneath Gohen’s bed, and though this fact of itself was almost.sufficient to have de monstrated that the case , was one of murder, the jury, by direction, at the inquest, returned an open verdict. Later Detective ConBidine found un mistakable evidence that the dynamite had been ignited by fuse reaching from the dynamite to a point in the blind passage-way between the building and the empty butcher’s shop, 24ft away. There were marks of candle grease there, and a portion of the fuse—the “ snuff” end—as well. It haB been found by experiment that the fuse would take seven and a half minuteB to burn that length, so that after the dynamite had been placed under the floor—a feat easily accomplished, be cause the building was raised on piles —and the train of fuse ignited, the murderer (premising that it was a murder) had seren minutes and a half to make bis escape. Even if he had to pass the “ township” the time was ample, because 150 yards would more than cover the ground between Burt’s 6n the east and Edward Cohen’s on the west. One] thing more, and that of importance, was learned by an examination of -the Btock at the store. Erom a stable at the.rear, where the explosives were kept, a . package, of dynamite, 51b in weight was found to-be missing; and from the store itself, a coil of fuse 24ft in length had disappeared. As the length of the fuse corresponds with the indications on the ground, and the wreckage with the strength of the dynamite, it may be accepted as certain that Cohen was blown to pieces by dynamite (and fuse) obtained from his own store. The stable was easy of anasan. but the store was locked on the evening of the 5th, and was found undisturbed after: the explosion. The fuse must, therefore, have been taken before closing time. Beyond these de tails Detective Considine will not yet commit himself. But they are suffi cient to Btamp Gohen’s death as one due to murder. It would have been possible for him to have killed himself in the manner described, but there is certainly no probability in any such conjecture, even though supported by the knowledge that his mother suffered death by her own hands, and that, consequently, he may have been pre disposed to melancholy and puicide. Only a madman would have chosen the death he'suffered, preceded as it would be by seven and a half minutes of sus pense, and probably involving a friend and partner. He was certainly not mad, and all the evidence, therefore, points clearly to some dark and, as no money haB been missed, to some ap parently motiveless crime. 