THE NEW MINISTRY. Our Hobart correspondent wirtd last night : ~A caucus meeting of the Oppt eitioci was held at noon u--day, aad wau largely attended, The following were selected by the party as members of the new Admibistrdtion Premier — Mr fa. Dobson. Chief Secretary — The Hon. Adye Douglas. 1 reaenrer— Mr John Henry. Attorney-Generai—Vr s'. E Lewis. Minister of Laud. - lie W. HirtnolL Mii ister without portfolio — Hon. C. H Grant. I he new Ministry is rcgariud bere as a strong one, and the combination Is looked upofl with much favor. PBEKATuaE. — Our local oontcmpo.ary imned an extra yesterday on tbo matter of 'The New Ministry,' afcatusg — *' V. be . tbe House of Aeembly met this aft-- rt.o-jij liu* formation of the new Miu svtv - ?s uu nounoed as follows,' givikg the '?jffij'ie and names as they appeared in our nat)iiiii.gV its-e It will be seen from our P r.iameuvry r« p .:t that no such business Was tiautr.oi..-i i,j ibe House of Assembly. A Bolte*.— Considerable exoiisme-.t wa* caused yesterday afternoon shortly af.cr 3 o'clock, through a pair of over-fed ca - bor-t-b taking a flight froa. the wharf io tLe uppti part of dt. John-street, without tiie ia-uiv„ ? tion of their Jehu. Fortunate]), fur pasi'it by and themselves, the ho Ltes proved c pit .1 Steersmen, and ' kept to de ra ddlo od lie road' and wore pulled up -pp'-i.te Mrs Gilmore'a residence by a youn^ man without having reoelved auy injury. Oirr Polios Oouar. — Messrs. Q. W Waterhouse, P.M., and R H. Pi ice, J P., uc cupied the Benoh at this Oouit yttt^rday. A man was fined 6s with the usu*l alt^roa'ivu for having been drank ana inospable ou .he previous 'day. -A man, charged with being of unsound mind, was remanded for a week tn medical observation. — 'i'wo informations against parents charging them wita nvgl^ot* lng to t-end their ohildirQ 'to *ohnol »ere heard, oae being dismissed ; in the .-h«. c*he a fine of 2s 6d with 5s oosta was imposed, — A number of persons were proceeded against by tbe oolleotor under the Oodliu Hota Act for amount of levy dae on orchards in their oooupation. In one oaie, which was heard ex parte, the defendant wad ordered to pay 2s fid, the amount due, wi . h 9 1 6d costs In three instances the summoosos had u-.c be*i- served ; one person it was proved uot on the roll ; while the remaining cades wme settled before bolng oalled «.n. The Oit* Fax*.— The dreary waste whJcb naturally presented itself after the removd of the king line of annexes, which f irmed the major ptttlen of the Tftsm^oian Exhibi tion, adw begins to assume its old form of veidant sweetness. Mr W. M Qowan, the superintendent of reserves, has devoted mu Th attention to renovating this p -rti tn oi the Park, and as the spring adv»noe- there will be a fine ooattnc of grass. Standing like a sentinel over the ' field of glory' is the brick atohway which onoe adorned Oampbell and Jory's trophy, the lAst remnant of bygone days. The fernery' Is noW'rpened to the pijblic, ahd inst now looks at its' best — olean, ooo], and refreshing Th'a o^ber potl} -ne of the Park have alsq been attended to by Mr ]fl&owan;, and seldom u&ve; we seou thi favorite resort look so bright and cheerful. HVICS&BAL.; -t The following interps'inp item is taken from the European Mail oi July* 8 ' Oottrau— Fawn*— J . . 6 *t 8. Augustine's, Queen's Ga'e, South Keosln^ ton, by the Rev. R. R. Ohope. M A , vioar Oav. C^iUllo Oottrsu, of Nbd'k*, Ita.y, t- Idadeliene Blanche, eldest daughter of tbe Rev. J, Anderson Fawns, of Tasnmnia ' OOTTON SHIRTINGS, Wool Shirtings noting', Forfar, Cretonnes, L&ce; CurUia* xnnoh lower than warebon e prious, at 3\. £L ROOM d QLEARlHQ balr, Will's Suhpmuee £*a&ix--; aQmre wiw ao diminution in the fecoustomed urge audir nnocs.at the Academy of Husic^astalghtj when the above talented oompany gave their flret nbange of programme. .&6&d; as the first one was, tbe present one is even better, and commanded the most hearty appreciation. What is really an nnnsnal thing, every It ta io the programme was enoand a fact suffi cient in Itself to show that the pe totmuN weie thoroughly en rapport with weir audi enoa . Gome extremely pretty ballads were rendered In the first part by Hesers Townley und Wadloy and tho Mii-nrr Nimmo and Octavia, the latter, who sang ' Love's Golden Dream,*' displaying a . highly cultivated and artistic soprano voice It is needless to eay that the end men Dave Gardner and George Jones, in the short i interludes between the ballads, kept tbe j house ia a roar with their witticisms and | songs, and a most amusing finale by Jones and Hons Provo entitled*1 Fun lna drawing - loom' ooncl-ded the first portion of the entertainment. The second part consisted of an olio of specialties of a very superior desoription. After mnsioal items name a novel performance entitled ' Shadowgraphs.' By a most dexterous manipulation ot his hands the performer was enabled to throw npon an illuminated canvas some most amusing c&r; features, Several other items of a correspondingly good nature followed, and the performance concluded with a roaring I faro* , ' Like As Two Peas,' in wbioh Messrs. ' Gardubr land Jones vied with each other in I their humorous bostness. We have been re quited by Mr Wallace to announce that the Baa on must positively clue after Thursday night, next. The present programme will only be given again to-night, and on Thurs day — tbe last night—there will be another entire change. Road Aoqidsntv— Whenoa his way from the Broadmatsh on Thursday last (says the Mercury) the Rev, J. W, Shlppbird, Gongr* g-utionai minister, had a narrow escap* from what might have been a serious accident. Tho men at work en the road had plsoad the back uf Jbelr cart on a tnsook, at which his hoise shied and came down, rendering him u*e os fur a long time, if not altogether. W-j11 for the rider he kept his seat until the horjc riguioed hf« feet. Th - Beaooksfibld Ghost.— A Beacons field correspondent wrote yesterday : — There i- a bmtal scoundrel about bere, whuse per eonalit; and whereabouts, though guessed at, are not knowu, who has been most suocessful in friehtaning women and ohildren. fie nuualiy selects the hours from 8 g m. till mid night, when covering himself with a whit-) sheet and wearing spring boots, he manages to oo tbe work of tbe mean wretch that heie. Som--' sflrfous reau'ts have already happened. A little chi d the other day was terrib.y frightened, and is still suffering severely ; it id just 'possible the child is Injured for life. Women are getting afraid to go out after dark, aud no one seems to know what to do. Oould not an extra polloeman be told off to do the work, f Jould not halt a dozen ieal- dents lay wait and give the scoundrel a good thrashing? Kd. D,T.~\ \ amatkub Operatic Societt.— The inl- 1 tfi.! icbeatsal of the Lai-nceston Amateur j Ot-.:rM -c Society wa^ hold lust evening at the I Curn-vall Assembly » rooms, when there was an excc 'ent (attendance. The well-known and favorite comio opera, ' The Pirates of Pct.z^ace,' was pat into work, and for a first aiicmpt went very smoothly. A committee meeting was held after rehearsal, when it was dtcide-i thi»t the next praotice would be M' nd*y (instead of Xuesday) evening at the HeoLauiw-b' l&sutute.; Nobtheun Tashaxiak Poultex and Dog boG'ETi.— a well attended oommittee meeting of the eb ;ve society was held last evening, when i was decided to cancel the importation cl..-fles in all the sections, and also to alter the turkey clashes to pairs in stead of single birds, Mrs H. Reed oficriog a special pries et £1 Is Jn each class. The Melbourne delegates leported that they b*-i arranged for Mr Cowpt'a servioes as judge, and they had aleo been promifed several ex hibits from Victorinn fanciers. Z he members' meeting, which is to take place this evening at 8 o'olook, will be held at tbe class-room, Mechanics' Institute, when Cochins and Ply mouth rooks wll ba on fordit.cuasioa, and all fanciors are invited to attend. By the s.s Pateena, which arrived from Melbourne yes terday, the Tasmanian exhibits of dogs and poultry, wb'.oh xepreBented this colony at tbe latu Victorian Poultry and Log Society, re turned to Launceston, and were landed in good condition* MuaiOAL Ebtebtainmbnt.— 1'he sohool room adjoining St. Paul's Church was oiowded last evening upon thu tcoasion of a musical entertainment given in aid of the choir fend, The programme was commenced &t; 8 o'cluok, and ountiuued wiihuut inter , mission foe two hours, during which time tho audience were treated to one of the most enjoyable amateur rntcitainm-mis that has been givon in -bu city IvT s.tme time past. As an npreeftbie scoompanlmeat to the songs which were tang, a number of beautiful dissolving views were shown, the appliances and slides being suc cessfully manipulated by Messrs. H. W. Cant on &nd; h.. N. Hulme. Everything pHEsed off with oatire satisfaction, 'he dis s -lving views being of a most appropriate oha'RCter. Amongst the Tasmanian soenery were s^me excellent views of the OaUiuct G -rge. and an a fitting accompaniment to tbe hne uiustratious ot toe ' &oce; of Agos a hidden quartette sang the beautifal hymn whi-:h Topiady wrote npon that theme. Alleged Labcbht.— Ernest Charles De I Burrfh, or Maisb, was arrested yesttrJay on ] warrant, charging him with having committed I larceny ai Laanoedton as a bailee of goodB i belo ging t- Arthur Beckwith Maisb, oo the SOih nit. | 41 Foua Ob'jwn.' — This is the name of a new whiskey that has been introduced to Ttfsm&aia; by Mr John Brown, a son of thn i fti'ii-iurt dirtillera « f Edinburgh. The *' Fees | distillery is tho third largest lu ! Bvo' Hv.d, and hits now practically supreme command of vh^ Australian market. This di t. ::ery, which wis esia: lii-h- d in 1860, h Mf- u stock equal to 20 mi'lnn gallone, r pr(sentin^ 10 million dosen,a-id agUAraotei* ot liu p--ferJt g-v.'l quality h-i» been made by | thi c »S nui u presunta'ive, whn is preparei 1 1 f-.: **5000 if tho whisk* y bearing che koui. oa w.ns is not »is go^d 16 years henoc k- r in lo- day, Mr Brow-* ??Ik- desires to in rmiiw 'h t anv-ne p-adrg inferiar spirit i t ? 4 F «UR caowjj' oottles will be shown so me c-, Uui will bedeaic with as tbe law a 1c-wh. Responsibilities of Law.— An elderly r-' -me in Uontmatre has oommutod i-nidde owlncr 'O tho mtermiaublo lun^th of a lawaui1; in whi sbo was ong-ged Die »ff«ir Who about some h u^c property owned by her, and had been iirag^iog on fur f h ' past seven y- ar« w ''rut any nro pect of coming to an ??cd Weuicd and 'ii-gus^d at th-: la«v'e de'.iy, tbe old lady thre* her*-i'f out of one of 1 er windows on the four h fl^orof a house i i ihn di-1- ioc mentioned. T.BF.aov Avoid the mud and discomfort of belog cr*mp d in a coach for hours by travelling to tbls mining ooutre per steamer ^ntenn a1 to George Tow j, whence per ouph f-jw mi let; only). Fares, 7s — [ ' BVT ] Mr King O'ilalley's rop'y to the choree of misrepresentation on thu part of tbe Hquit ab)e Life Assorance canvasfers %itl be found in our advertising c lumn-4. Our advertising ooiumas notify th^t ?' Pep sine' sauce is another aspirant for p-iblic favor. We can testify from practical cx- I perieoce as to its valne. The tauce is a 1 delicious compound, plessant and appetising, without being too pnagent. It m*y be had of looal grocers. | Mr H, B. Jones, nf ^outh street, TrevAllyo, i notifies to the residents of that d 'strict that, ! having camp eted his shop, he is sow pre- 1 pared to receive orders for all kinds of meat He has a splendid stock on hand. On Monday evening, Aucrust SS, a compli mentary' eo1) cert will be tendered 'to St i Joseph's Band in thp Mechanics' Institute. j Special meeting ol City Band to-morrow night, L A sale of gifts, Bruce auqtfon, bauar, eta., will be held in Ore?sy Hall on September 10. Tbe eighth half?yearlj meeting of the Unifd Steamship Company will he held at (he Company's office, Oimltiere^treet, on Wedcesday, 81st lost., at 4 p.m. 