A MINT OF MONEY, OH, NORMAN GARTUAMsS IIEIR. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY GEO. MANVILLE F.ENN, Author of " The Ma-slur of the Ceremonies," 11 Black Blood, or, Tho Ltuts that Loved a Soldier," 44 Hard to Win," &e.; All Rights Reserved, CHAPTER XI. —Tin: Jvtnc of the Castle. " Chris. Lisle, what havo you done ?" cried Chuide, while Mary, whom fate had luudo tim husv helji of the family, hurried to Glvddvrs side and lielped him to rise to a silling position. He did not attempt to get iiimu 'his feet. " Cost niv temper, I suppose," said Chris., who began to calm down when he saw the ellect of his blow. 44 But it was bis own doing. I warned him to keep his hands off." " Leave my house, ruffian, before I send for tho police." You'll he sorry for all this, Mr. Gart- ram." said Chris. " Claude " ' Silence !" shouted Gartram. 44 Recollect, my girl, thab henceforth this man and we are .strangers. Everything between its is at an end. Once more, sir, will you leave iny houso V" "Yes, I'll go," said Cliis., slowly, us Ids eyes rested on Claude's. 44 Don't think ill of tne," he said to her huskily, 14 1 have done nothing wrong, Claude." Gartram came between lIichi, and, feeling that time alone could heal the terrible breach, Chno. made a gesticulation and walked slowly to the door, where lie turned. 44 Mr. Gartram," he said, 44 you'll bitterly repent this. But don't think that shall give up. Bll go now. One of these days, when you have thought thin over, you will ask me to conic back, and we shall be friends again. Claude— Mary, all this was not my seeking. Goodby." 44 Not his seeking V' cried Gartram, sinking into a chair and dabbing his face with his handkerchief. 44 He wants to kill tne ; that's what he's trying to do. How are you now, Glvddyr? Bray forgive me for bringing this upon you. The scoundrel must be mad." 44 Getting better now, sir," said Glyddyr; and, as his enemy had gone, beginning with a great show of suffering and effort to suppress it, as his eyes sought sympathy from Claude, found none, ami then directed, liia eyes ut Mary, who offered him her hand us ho' made slowly for tho nearest easy chair. 44 1 suppose I was a bit stunned. Not hurt much, 1 think." 44 1 don't know how to apologise enough," cried GurLram; "and you two girls, have you nothing to sav 7 An outrageous assault on my uest ! But he shall smart for it. I ll have hun summoned." 44 No, no, .Mr. Gartram. I'm getting all right fast," said Glyddyr, quickly seizing the opportunity to be magnanimous in Claude's eyes. 44 Mr. Lisle was excited and lie struck me. A blow like that is nothing." 44 Mr. Christopher Lisle will find out that a blow such as you've received means a great deal mure than he thinks, sir. Claude, ring the bell. Have the spirit stand and soda- water brought in. Are you sure you are not seriously hurt, Glyddyr?" 44 Quite, sir. A mere nothing. Great pity it- happened. Why, ladies, it must have regularly startled you. Miss Gartram, I am very sorry. You look pale." 44 Jinough to startle any woman, Glyddvr. But there, it's all over for the present. You had better leave us now. girls. 44 No. no," cried Glvudyr; 44 don't let me drive tuem away, sir.'1 41 It is not driving them away, Air. Glyddyr," said Gartram, shortly. 44 1 wish them to go." 44 1 beg pardon, I am sure." 44 Granted, sir, but I like to be master in my own house." ;4Bapa, dear, pray, pray be calm," whispered Claude, who had crept to his side. 44 Calm! Of course. I am calm. There, there, there ; don't talk to me, but go, and I said ring for the spirit stand." 44 Yes, papa; 1 did. Bll go and send it in." V/>a . n i'n ..mri-. v<-»n wnnLl not like the doctor fetched, Glyddyr?' 44 Oh, certain, sir. There, let it pass now. A mere nothing." 44 Oh, my poor darling Claude," whispered Alary, taking her cousin's hand and kissing her pale face as the large dark eyes gazed pitifully down in hers. 44 Do you uudcrstuud what it all means, Alary?" 44 Only too well, coz. Boor Chris, has been telling uncle he loved you, and that put our dear tyrant in a passion. Then Air. Glyddvr came, and noor Chris, got ill a passion too and knocked him down." 44 Yes," sighed Claude, "I'm afraid that must be it." 44 Yes, my dear, it's all cut and dried. You are to be Airs. Glyddyr us soon as they have settled it all." 44 Never," said Claude, frowning, and look ing like a softened edition of her father. 44 And as that sets poor Chris, at liberty," continued, Mary, with one of her mischievous looks, 44 and you don't want him, there may be a bit of a chance for poor little me." 44 Mary, dear !" said Claude, in u voice full of remonstrance. 44 It's rather bad las to of you, for though Air, Glyddyr is very handsome, J. think Chris, is the bettor man. Mr. Glyddvr seems to ine quite a coward, making all that fuss so that wo might sympathise with him. Bettor have had poor Chris." 44 Alary, dear, how can you make fun of everything when I am in such terrible trouble." 44 It's because I can't help it, Claude, I sup pose. But, oh, I am sorry for you, if uncle make3 you marry handsome Mr. Glyddyr." 41 Mary 1" 44 1 cannot help it, dear; I must say il. He's a coward. He was hurt, of course, but not so much as he pretended. Chris. Lisle knocked him right down, and he wouldn't get up for fear lie should he knocked down again. Didn't Chris, look like a lion ?'' 44lt is all very, very terrible, Alary, and I want your heli> iuid .sympathy m> badly." 44 L can't help you, ""coz. ; En: too bad. And all this was my fault." 44 No, not all," said Claude, sadly. 44 Bapa haa been thinking about Mr. Glyddyr lor a long time, and dropping hints to nie about him." 44 Yes, and you'll have to be Airs. Glyddyr." x\o, said Claude, with quiet lirmnc.ss ; and her father's stern, determined look came into her eyes. 44 No, I will never bo Air. Glyddyr's wife. It is impossible." "But uncle will never forgive poor Air. Lisle." 44 Don't say that, Mary. Never is a terrible word. Papa loves me, and he would like to eec ine happy." 14 Ami shail you tell him you love Chris. ?" 44 No," said Claude, sternly. "If you please, ma'ain, Airs. Woodham is here," said one of the servants, and Claude's face grew more troubled us she asked herself what her father would say to the step she had taken in bidding the unhappy woman come and resume her old position in the house. »She had not long to wait. As she rose to cross the room olio caught sight of Glyddyr looking back at the win dows on leaving the house, and heard the study bell ring furiously. 44 Quick, Alary!" she cried, us she rushed through the door, being uinier the impression that her father had had another seizure. The relief was so greet as she entered the study and found him standing in the middle of the room that alio threw herself in liis anus. 44 1 thought you were taken ill again," she gasped, as she clung to Jiim, trembling. "He was evidently in a fury, but his child's words were like oil upon the tempes tuous waves. 44 You, you thought that?" he said, holding her to his breast and patting her cheek ten derly. 44 You thought that, eh ? And they say in Daumoubh that everybody hales ine — that there isn't a soul here who wouldn't like to dance upon my grave." 44 l'upa, dear, don't talk like that." " Wiivnot? the ungrateful wretches ! I've made Danmoulli a prosperous place. 1 spend thousands a year in wages, and the dogs all turn upon me and arc ready to rend the hand that feeds Liiem. If they are nut salisfiud with their wages tiiev wait till t nave some important contract on the way, and then they strike, 1 haven't patience with them." 44 Father !" cried Chiudo ffrmly, 44 Dr. Ashor said you v.cro not- to excite yourself in uny way or you would be ill." 44 And a good tiling, too. Better be ill, and dio, and get out of tho wuv. llatcd — cursed by every living soul." Claude clung more tightly to him, laid her head upon his breast, and placed her hand across his lips as if to keep him from speaking. A sinilo came across tho grim face, but thero was no smile iu bis words as lie went on iioreely, after removing tho hand and seeming about to kiss it, but keeping it in his hand without. " Everything seenm to go against me," he cried. ; Air. Glyddyr — just going— 1 was seeing him to the door, when, like a black ghost, upstarts that woman Sarah Woud- hum. What does she want?" 44 I'll toll you, dear, if you sit down aiul be calm." 14 How the devil can I be calm ?" be raved, when I am regularly persecuted by folk like this." But ho lot Claude press him back into Hi easy chair, while, fooling tlml she was better away, Alary Dillon crept softly out of Ihe room. " Well, then," hn said, an if his child's touch was talisnuuiic, and ho lay back and closed liis eyes. " Bll be calm. But you don't know, Claude, you can't tell, how I'm persecuted. I'm robbed right and loft." 44 Bapa ! My dear father you arc as rich as ever you can be, bo what does it matter?" "Who rays I'm rieli ? Nonsense 1 Ab surd ! And thou look at the worries I have. All the trouble and inquest over that man's death, and through his sheer cross obsti nacy." 44 Why bring; that up again, father dear ?" 44 Don't say father. Call me papa. When ever you begin fathering me, it means that you are going to preach at me and bully mc, und have your way." 44 Then, papa dear, why bring that up again ?" 44 1 didn't. It's brought up and thrust under my very nose. Why is that woman here ?" 44 Bapa " 44 Now it's of no use, Claude, that man regularly committed suicide out of opposition tome, j To destroyed a stone worth at least a hundred pounds by using that tearing dynamite, which smashes everything to pieces, and then forsooth lie charges me with liis dying breath with murdering him, and the wretched pack under him take up the cry and bark as ho did. Could anything bo more unreasonable ?" 44 No, dear, of course not. But the poor fellow was mud with agony and despair. It was so horrible for him, a hale strong man, to be cut down in a moment." 44 He cut himself down. It would not have happened if he had done as I ordered." 44 You must forgive all tlmt now. JIo know no better ; and as for the workmen, you know how easily they are inllueuccd ouo way or the other." (.'ii, yes, ,i tucni , aim uuw tins woman's here begging." 44 No pupa, dear." 44 J say she is. I could see it in her servile shivering way, as soon as she caught mveye; now look here, Claude, I shan't give lier a shilling." Claude held his hand to her cheek in silence. 44 1 won't pay for the man's funeral. I'm obliged to pay the doctor, because I contrac ted lor liim toutlcnd the ungrateful hounds : but i. will not help her in the least) and I'll have no more of your wretched tricks. I'm always finding out that you arc helping the people and letting them think it is my doing. Now, then, I've done, and I meant to be at peace, so go and send thab woman away or I shall be ill." .j, Claude clung a little more closely to her father, nestling as it were in his breast. 44 Well," he said, testily, 44 why don't you go ?" "Aly father is the leading man in this neighbourhood," said Claude, in a soft, dreamy tone, 44 and the people don't know the iroodness of his heart as I do," 41 Now, Claudia, I won't have it it. You uro beginning to preach at me and give me a dose of morals. Aly heart has grown as hard as granite." 44 No, it lias not," said Claude, kissing his veined hand. 44 It is as soft and good as ever, only you try to make it hard and you say things you do not mean." 44 Ah, now 1" lie shouted, 44 you arc going to talk about that Lisle, and I will not have liis cursed name ment ioned in the " 14 1 was not going to talk about Christopher Lisle," said Claude in the same gentle, mur muring voice, whose I01103 seemed to soothe and quiet him down, 44 1 was going on to say that i want the people — the weak, ignorant, easily-led people—- about here to love and venerate my dear father's name." 44 And they will not, do what you will. The more you do for them the less self-help ful they are, and the more they revile and curse. Why, if I was ruined to-morrow, after they've eaten my bread for years, I believe they'd light a bonffro and have a dance." 44 No, no, no, no," murmured Chiudo. 44 You have done too much good for them." 44 1 haven't. You did it all, you hussy, and pretended it was J'," lie said grimly, as he played with her glossy hair. 441 did it with your money, dear, and 1 am your child. I acted as t knew you would act if you thoroughly knew the circum stances, but you hud no time. What is the use of having so much money if no good is done ?" 44 For ungrateful people ?" 44 We arc taught to Ho good for evil, dear." \\\ hut ! for a race ot thieves who are always cursing and reviling us? Thero, I'm busy and tired, Clamlie. I've listened to your moral lesson very patiently, and now I want to be rt rest. But J. forbid you to help that wretched woman. 15he and her husband always hated inc. Confound 'cm, they were always insulting mc. How dare they actu ally publicly insult mc iu that miserable little ehapelY' 44 Insulted you ? What do you mean ?" " Why, they prayed for ine, hang 'em I" 44 Oh, father dear?" 44 There you go again. Puna — pupa — papa. Don't forget that we do belong to the aris tocracy after all. Now go and send that dreadful woman away." 44 1 cannot, dear." 44 Cannot ?" 44 No papa. .She has come to stay." 44 Sarah Woodham ? To stay? Hero?" 44 Yes, dear. Boor thing, she is loft penniless almost, for Yvouuhain did not save." 44 No, of course not. They none of them do." 44 lie spent all he had to spare," continuod Claude in the same gentle murmuring tone, as she pressed her father's hand to her cheek. "Everything he could scrape together ho gave (o the poorer Church people." 44 Yes, J know, in his bigoted way to teach me what to do. # And don t keep 011 rubbing your clieck egainst my hand. Anyone who saw you would think you were a cat." 4' So, papa dear, as we want a good, trust worthy woman in the house, and Sarah was with us so long, and knew our ways so well, I arranged ior her to come back to her old post." 44 Claude !" 44 Yes, dear, and these years of her married life and the sad end will be to her like a mournful dream." » i_.» Norman Gartram made an angry gesture, but Claude's arms stole round his neck, her lips pressed his as who half lay upon his breast, anil with the tears gent.lv falling and hanging like pearls in his grisly beard, she said in a low, sweet voice : 44 And some day, father dear, at the last, . as she thinks of what an asylum this lias been to her, she will go down to her grave praising your nrfmo for all the good that you have done, and this will make mo very Imtmr iln-ii- mill jh if ti'tll i-r.ll " There was a long silence iu the room, and Norman GarlramG face seemed to grow less rugged, and it was as if there was something of the same look as thai iu his child's, when, with a tender kiss upon his hand, alio left his arms and half-playfully said : 44 Am I to go und send .Sarah Woodluun away ? " 44 No," he said, hastily, us his old look re turned. 44 You are us bad as your poor, dear mollior, every Lit. No," lie cried, with an angry ilush, 44 1 won't do that, though. Not a fart hing of niv money shall go towards pay ing for that man's funeral." 44 Father dear — " "Then papa, dear," said Claude, quietly, u J Jiuve paid everything connected with poor Woodham's funeral." 44 You have?" "Yes; you are very generous to me with money, and 1 had plenty to do that." 44 Yes, and stinted yourself in clothes. You don't dress half well enough. Well, there, it's done now. and wo can't alter it. I suppose these people will think it .was my doing." 44 Yes, dear." 44 Of course. Well as to this woman, keep her und nurse and pamper her, and pay her the largest wages you can, and mark my words, my pet, she'll turn round and worry us for what we have done.'1 44 1 havo no fear, dear. I know .Sarah Woodham too well, and I can do anything I like with her." 44 Yes, as you can with me, you hussy," he cried. 11 Duke— King — why I'm like water with you, Claude. But," he cried shaking a linger at her, "there are things though in which 1 mean to have my wuv." Claude Hushed up, and a hard look camo into her eyes. But 110 more was said then. CHAPTER X1T.— MADAME Denise. 44 What the deuce brought you here?" 44 I ram my hoy. Niw m t lie snipping news that the J'air Star was lying in .Dan- mouth. Kelt a bit seedy, and know that you would give me a berth aboard, und here I 44 .So I ace." 44 Wed!, don't he so horribly glad, dear boy. Don't go out of your mind and embrace me? J hate to 1).: kissed by a man ; it's so hor ribly French." 44 Don t be a fool." 44 Certainly not, but you seemed to be in such ruptures to meet, mo thai 1 was obliged to protest." 44 Now, loo!: here, Hollow, it's not of the slightest use for you to hunt me about tho country. J have no money, and I can't pay." 44 1 never said a single word about money, dear hoy." 44 No, but you look money, and think money, and smell of money. Good heavens, man, why don't you dress like a gentleman, and not come down to the seaside like the window of a pawnbroker's shop." 44 Dress like a gentleman, sir ? Why I am dressed iiko a gentleman. There arc real diamond, r.tuda, sir. First water. Rings, chain, watch, everything of the very best. I Never catch mc wearing sham. Look at those cull' studs. As line emeralds as you'd 44 1 hi h ! Why don't you wear a> diamond collar, and a crown. 1 believe you'd like to hang yourself iu chains." 1 " My dear Glyddyr, how confoundedly ' nasty you can be to the best friend you've got in the world," 44 Best enemy ; you arc always hunting mo for money." 44 Yes, and going back poorer. # You arc such a one to wheedle a fresh loan." 44 Yes, at a hundred per cent." "Tchah! Nonsense! But I say, nothing wrong about tho lady, is thero ?" 44 Hold you tongue, and mind your own business, sir." 41 Well, that is my business, you reckless youug dog. If you don't make a rich match where shall I be ?" 44 Here, what are you doing?" 44 Ringing tho bell, dear boy." 44 What for?" 44 Well, that's cool. I havo come all this way from town, had no end of trouble to run you down at your hotel, and then you think I don't want any brcakiast." "Yes, sir." 44 Mr. Glyddyr wants breakfast in directly. Here, what have you got? No, never mind what you've got. I'll havo broilod chicken and a sole. A fresh chicken, cut up, mind ; none of your week-old cooked stales, mind. CoiTco und brandy. Mr. Glyddyr's order, you know." Tho waiter glanced at Glyddyr whero ho Bat pretending to read tho papor, and, re ceiving a short nod, he loft the room. 44 Now, once more, why huvu you conic down ? " 44 First and foremost, I have picked up three or four good tips for Newmarket. Chances for you to make a pile." 41 You are very generous," sneered Glyddyr. 44 Your tips have not turned out so very rosy so far." >vcu, or course its speculation, navo a cigar ? " Glyddyr made an impatient gesture. 44 Then I will. Give me an appetite for the doioonay. " lie lit a strong cigar that had an East Lon don aroma, and went on chatting as he lolled back ill his cluiir and played with his enormously thick watchcbain. 44 A smoke always gives mc an appetite; spoils some people's. Welt, you won t take the tips ? " 44 No ; I've no money for betting." 41 Happy to oblige you, dear boy. Eh ? No ! All right. Glad you arc so indepen dent. It's going on hloomingly then ? " 44 What do you mean ?" \4t Tho miller's lovely daughter," sang the visitor, laughingly. 44 1 mean the stone mason's." Glyddyr muttered an oath between his teeth. 44 Hush I Don't swear, dear boy — the waiter." For at that moment the man brought in the breakfast, busied himself for a few minutes till all was ready, und left the room. 44 That's your sort," said Glyddyr's visitor, settling himself at tho table. 44 Won't join me, I suppose? Won't have an echo?" 4' What do you mean ?" 44 Second breakfast. Eh? No? All right. Hah! Very appetising after a long journey — confoundedly long journey. You do put . up iu such out-of-the-way spots. Quite hard to lind." 44 Then stop away." 44 No, thanks. Now look here, Glyddyr, dear bay, what's the use of your cutting up rusty when we are obliged to row so much in the same boat ?" 44 Curse you ! I'd like to throw you over board," snarled Glyddvr. 44 Of course you would, my dear fellow, but you see you can't. Rather an awkward re mark though that, when I'm coming for a cruise with yon in the yacht — my yacht." Glyddyr crushed up the newspaper into a ball and cast it iuto a corner of the room. "What's the matter, old man? I say, what a delicious sole ! Ever catch uny on the yacht ?" 'The sound of Glyddyr's teeth grating could be plainly heard. 4> lie no good to throw me overboard to feed the fishes, my dear boy. I'm thoroughly well insured both as to money — and protec tion," lie added, meaningly. 44 Hope this fish was not fed in that peculiar way. Tint ! Capital coffee ! Now then talk. I can eat and listen. How is it going ou with tho girl ?" 44 Reuben Gcllow, your iuaolcnce is insuf ferable." 44 Mv dear Gellow. I must have a thou, to- morrow !" said the visitor mockingly. 44 Your words, dear boy, when you want money ; the other when you don't want money. What a contrast ! Well, I don't care. Capital butter this ! It shows me that everything is pro gressing well with the pretty heiress, and that Barry Glyddyr, Esq., will pay his debts like a gctillcmuti. Come, old fellow, don't twist about in your chair like a skinned cel." 44 Curse you, who skinned me ?" " Not I, dear boy. Half a dozen had had a turn at you, and that lovely epi — whal-you- may-call-it of yours was hanging upon you in rags. I only stripped tho rest off', so as to give you a chance to grow a new one, aud I'm helping you to do it as fast as you can. Come, don't cut up rough. Be civil, and I'll keep you going in stylo so that you can marry her all right, and have two children and live happy ever after." 44 Look here," said Glyddyr, getting up and x,ll<dng the room furiously, while his visitor calmly discussed his breakfast. 44 You have something under all this, so open it out. " 44 No. dear hoy, only the natural ilestro to sec now you aro getting on. You owe mc " 44 Curse what I owe you !" 44 Nu, no, don't do that. Pay it." 44 You know I cannot." 44 Till you've made a good marriage, aud you cannot live in stylo and make a good marriage without my holx>9 my dear Glyddyr." 44 You and your cursed fraternity hold plenty of security, so leave mc in peace." 44 1 will, dear boy; but I want my trifle of money, und you are not getting 011 as fust as I could wish, so I've couv) to help you." 44 Come to ruin me you mean." 44 Wrong. I havo my chcquc-book in my pocket, and if you want a few hundreds to carry on the war hero tiioy are." 44 At the old rate," sneered Glyddyr. 44 No, my dear fellow. I must have a little more. The risk is big." "Yes. Alight fail and blow out my brains." 44Kx-aolly! How I do like this country cream !" Glyddyr threw himself into his seat M'ith a crush, 44 That was all a metaphor," he said, bit terly. 44 What way, doar hoy j" 44 About the devil and Dr. Fauslus." » 41 Of course it was. Why." 44 Faustua was some poor devil hard up, and the oilier was not a devil at all, but some confounded money-lender. It was a bill Faustus accepted, not a contract." 44 1 daresay you ui:e right, Glyddyr. Have a drop of brandy ? Eh ? No ? Well, there's nothing like a cuasso with a good breakfast, and this is really prime." 44 Well. Ill grin and bear it till I'm free," said Glyddyr. 44 You want to know howl am getting on. You need not stay." 44Jiut I want a ehango, and I can help you, perhaps." 44 You'll quash the whole affair if you stay here. Once it is so much as Buspected that I am not as well oil as I was " 44 That you are an utter beggar — I mean a rum beggar." 44 Do you want me to wring your neck ?" 44 The neck of the goose that lays tho golden eggs? No; they don't kill geese that way." 44 The whole affair will be off'." 4< Old mail's a rum one, isn't lie?" 44 How do you know ?" 44 How do I know?" said Gellow, with a quiet chuckle. 44 That's my business. I know everything about you, my dear boy. I have a great personal interest in your proceedings, and every move is reported to me." 44 Aud to make matters worse, you havo yourself comedown to play tho spy." 44 Not a bit of it, my dear Glyddyr ; but you have cursed and bullied me at such a tremendous rate that, as I have you on the hook, I can't lieln plaguing you a little." 44 Oh !" snarled Glyddyr furiously. 44 But, all the same, I am the best friend you have iu the world." 44 It's a lie !" 44 Is it? Well, we shall sec. I want you to marry King Gartram 's daughter, aud I'll let you have all you want to carry it out. Ami, by-the-way, here are three letters for you. He took tho letters out- of liis pocketbook and handed them to Glyddyr. 44 There you are: Barry Glydilyy, Esq., cave of Reuben Gellow, Esq., 20U Ceeil-strcol, Straud." 44 Why, they've been opened !" 44 Yes, all three — and read." 44 You scoundrel !" roared Glyddyr. 41 Do you dare to sit thero and tell me thai you have had the effrontery to open my letters and read thom ?" 44 1 didn't tell you so." 44 But you have read them ?" 44 Every line." 44 Look hero, sir," cried Glyddyr, rising lierccly, 44 1 found it necessary to havo my letters sent to an agent." 44 Reuben Gellow." 44 To bu forwarded to mc whore I might he yachting." 14 So as to throw your creditors off' the scent." 44 And you, acting as my agent, have read them." 44 in your interest, dear hoy." 44 Guise you! 1 don't care what happens now. All is at an end between us, you miserable !" j 44 Go it, old fellow, if it does you good;' but J didn't open the letters." 44 Then curse you, who did?" 44 Denise." (To bo continued). 