PARLIAMENTARY CERE MONIES. The royal, or as we have it in the celenies, the vice-royal speech, delivered at the open ing or closing of Parliament, is a s[?]vul of the political, hocus pocus of former times. But what- isbrvCa. lo impress the people of Writer and simpler times, is nowadays rather more calculated to excite merriment than awe. The “ speech” is a sham from beginn ing to end. In the first plaoA It Va not com posed by the party wli?3o ideas ore supposed to be. expressed in it, and iu the second it is not a speech at all in the ordinary mooning of the word, hut a deliverance akin to that of a school boy reading a lesson wiildh has been carefully prepared for him. Next in the list of shams Is the One liv whidh in England this address must, bo doVivorod in the House of Lbrdi», iml at which the mom ■ hors of thO Ilddso of Commons must attend ?n tile guise of humble and obsequious in* leriors, demeaning themselves primaiyly to the throne and secondly to the Lords This obsequiousness on the part of tho Commons is more assumed than real, for, of course, it ■is known to everyone that in tho preparation of the very “speech” to which they have boon commanded to listen, the Commons, per tho Ministry, had the greatest share. Iu tllo colonics the same old pi'otohoo is observed of tho inferiority of the Legislative Assembly to tho Legislative Council Twice a yoAi.' the representatives of the vi'bdlo of the people are drafted Into tho Chamber of tho re presentatives of a section of the people, and, by inference, a great honor is done them in allowing them to stand bareheaded In the presence of Royalty and of tho solenln and oyvlishly wise op tho merry arid practical old gentlemen who cdnstlldb tho Victorian House of Lords. It is only a ceremony, but why keep up a ceremony that has long Aiiico been recognised As au empty formality? Why t*T to make the dinner ghosts believe that tho plate is real silver when tho brass is plainly showing through the electro-plating ? Or if there is any significance attachable to the Legislative Assembly having to periodic ally present themselves ns inferior individuals In the tknlncil chamber, why dp they not so arrange that this thing bo d6no Alternately, tho Counoil lords In dotation visiting tho Asombly chamber and the Governor there porl'orraing the opening or closing ceremony. But tho annoying feature of a closing address is, that largo sections of hon, members.Of both Houses may bo “talked At” Iri It; iindictiquotto, of course* forbids them at that stage Id move idi' tho drawing up of an “address on reply,” dearly as sonlo of them might wish for one, and not on tho conventional linos of this document at tho opening of Parliament. They know that though tho words are put into the mouth of his Excellency it is the Ministry who* are spooking at them. In tho prorogation speech of last week there was a good example of this, whore tho Governor was made to ossuro hon. members of both Houses that it had long boon felt that Parliament had lost Its proper control over the vast and growing system of railways, and the measure (tho Railways Act Amendment Bill) which hon. members had sanctioned, has fdr Its Cardinal aim tho restoration to the Lcglsldturc ami tllo Executive df tho power of exercising an effective and salutary control in tho interests of the State. That was a severe “one” for the niomhdrs of tho preced ing Government, likewise for all those mem bers who had opposed tho passage of tho bill, and further it reflected strongly upon the Commissioners’ management of the railways. Without a doubt tho words used in tho Go vernor’s speech al’o true, but they have a par tisan ring about them which should not have found utterance in an address supposed to bo delivered by an impartial viceroy. Then there is an unwarrantable assumption in the paragraph relating to tho Rolls Purification Bill, which a lawyer would not have passed. It declares that the bill was long demanded in order to preserve the suffrage from the jeopardy into which it is brought when elec toral power is granted to thoso who have been proved unfit to wield it But as tho Act is not yet in operation, and until it is there can lie ho no “proofs” of anyone's un fitness to bo enfranchised) the assumption that tllo electoral power has bddn granted to unworthy persons is purely gratuitous.. It is not hosed on evidence obtained in a way that a court of law would recognise. Sus picion is not testimony, but in tho Gover nors’ speech it is treated as if tho terms were synonymous. And in tho same paragraph it was too had of his Excellency's ro rosponsible advisors to put a sentence into his mouth that is tho sheerest of nonsense:— "By providing machinery for expunging tho names of all who are unqualified, it obviates tho danger of fraud being successful in regard to tho franchiuo, thus incurring safety to the great principles of political equality'. ” The last clause consists of clap-trnp, which, though it might go down very well at the hustings, moans nothing when seen in print except that it is a piece of humbug, dropped in to mako literary padding. “Tho groat principles of political equality,” if such principles do exist, signify universal suffrage. Then how enn a bill by which—rightly it may be—tho suffrage iu to he taken from certain persons, insure safety to tho aforesaid “great principles,” is a puzzle which tho framer of tho address might perhaps find it difficult to explain. After this piece of bombastic mystification wo have tho indirect reference to tho rejected “One Man,’ One Vote Bill.” It would be edifying to learn whether I tho Council members of the Cabinet approved of ilis Excellency’s obsorvvation that “it is a matter of great regret that measures of im portance which were introduced, did not be come law, but it'is hoped that tho considera tion given to them this session will aid materially in their discussion, and ratifica tion when next they arc submitted to you.” These are remarkable phrases when addressed to members of tho House, which was nearly unanimous in tho rejection of tho bill, and to members in another place, who though a majority of them voted for it did so in a transparently half-hearted fashion. What the Ministry's object was in introducing tho statement cannot be easily fathomed, but probably it was put there for tho benefit of tho outside electors, as an assurance lo tho “ ono man one voto” advocates that, in spite of the sorry show they rnado of themselves, tho Assembly section of tho Ministry is .as sound as over thoy were on the question. Widely perhaps, thoy arc,- and that. is not saying a very groat deal. But was it politic - in a Governor’s speech to toll tho members of the Legislative Council that it was to bo. greatly regretted that thoy had, in their judgmenl-of what was host Cor tho country, .rejected any measure whatever on which .they have u-der tlio constitution co-ordinate powers with' the Assembly?- The- speech throughout abounds with numerous other errors of taste and expression, .that is, if the spccchis to bo regarded as the and olive ranee of the Governor, who .officially knows no politi cal parties, and nut as-the production of the Ministry. Tho speech verbally delivered by Mr. Munro would have boon everything that could be dosirpd in a leave-taking address to bon. members, but its [tone was scarcely tbo oi\o.--..wblob‘. bi|^^<;olloooy./^wotlld ; ’hhoflidf under'his personal Supervision, However, bo Jp rtoWodays, attached to those. Opening and closing addresses that the praotico’Ofrdblirdnuig thohi could very wpli drop into abeyance,, apd no' barm would bo done. Empty fprmkV’arid ceremonies might have, been tbo doligbt.of formor ages, op. when kings and viceroys word nllofairi fact tuid in iVan)o,bUt it Only Wilds dlrdinisli respect tor the vico-rogdl office when twice ft yiljU- Ih'd bolder of thd post la escorted to FnrUnmont, and bos there to go through the taste of reading a pi coo whioh, whilst it is called hla, ororyouo knows was prepared for him by ono of tbo “mayors of thd palaoa” of our faineant colonial governors, ■>- FOURTH PAdßi—Tho,, Additional roadirig niatldV will 1)6. found on tbo fourth pdgetMining Nows and, Notes, Water, Famine and Fires at-- Broken Hill,' Found Drowned in Lake Wcorona, A Remarkable Black Man, A Ruined Country, To-day’h Events. Warden’S Cos lift, 2 p,rn. ; Art Gallei'y COnlmittco, 3.30 p.m, : “The OoraUlrTheatre, 8 p,m. ; Federal Minstrels, St, dames’ Hall, 8 p.m; Weekly Mining returns! on Saturday Aggregated "IddSoz., All the coin- 1 padhis Jiao’ broken time! and. several only! crushed for a few.days. The best yields wore) —Catherine Hoof, 118oz Johnson's Hoof > (week)!,! 1 ? 015 ? N.C. Consolidated, 1070/.jand! Now Argus (cleaning up shoots, &c.;), lOloz. : The apm'tfw" relilrns were rather poor. The Now Red, White and Blue reported 2040z; Confidence, 7flioz; and the Golden Ago 68oz from 40 tons: Tnc Team Motors.—Tho first consignment of oteftm tram motor machinery is expected to arrive in Bi'rtdigd 10-day, ho thnt it is pro bable Oiic motor will, bo on the track before the end of the week, and the others'in a short time. " ; ' .' . Rapid Mining.— Recently some rabid . min ing was dodo at tile Kentish HlSnd Under the direction of Mr, JoWell, In (I fortnight the 2190 ft crosscut vhh> extended 70ft'. This y/as accomplished by four men with the oti’e l-bok drill, and .of MuTe* i’ll Uio mullocli was elefltM out cy men sot apart for that purpose. Illegal Municipal Expenditure.— some time ago tbo Eehuca Shiro Council voted £lO out of tbo shiro funds for a testimonial to ex- Councillor Murphy, A number of ratepayers believing the aot an illegal one, brought the matter under the notice of the local auditor, who, during Uio.audit-jUst Concluded, refused to pass the ftiliOuht without tbo satiation of the Minister of Public Works, lie oomnluni cated with the Minister, and a reply was re ceived Id the effect that tltore was no pro vision in Iho.Local Government Act authoris ing a municipal body IO ddvOlo Us revenue to such a purpose,—Rochester Express; CrfV Police Court. —The boiioh On Satur day whs composed of Messrs;. J; H. Abbott n iiW ro r),.Mj Run doll drid It. B. Anderson, J.P s. I.wo drunken men wore discharged. A young man named Edward Nolan, who was arrested the previous night by Constable Brayshor tor insulting behavior at Bath Corner, was fined 10s or 40 hours. Popularising tub HE.iKrtvß.--A mooting of the sUb-comnlittOe appointed by Uio City Council to Carry into effect the mayor's Rcheiilo for .popularising tile reserve by a series of dvotUng band concerts was hold on Saturday morning. Present—The mayor (Hon. J.H. Abbott) aiid Crs., A. 8. DailCa and D; B. Lazarus. Mr. J. W. Paul attended by invita tion-, and offered Id gratuitously light tho I'otunda with a number of powerful lamps. The offer was accepted with the heartiest thanks. It was decided to fomovo the chairs from the Town Hall to tho Reserve oii con cert evenings for seating accommodation and also to borrow a number of forms. The first concert at which those arrangements Will take effect will bo held oil Wednesday evening, next Prevention op Busii Pnrei.—Mr. D., C. Bterry, M.P., has been m communication with the Minister of Lands in regard to the recent fires in tho Shiro of Stmthfloldenyo. , Mr. Sterry pointed out to tho Minister that several of those fires originated on Crown lands, viz., at Uio SugdVlonf and in tho Wollsford State Forest, and suggested that some stops should bo taken by Uio department to check the spread of similar fires to the adjacent properties. Wo believe the department ore already, taking action in the matter. Federal Minstrels.— To-night' there will be a change of programme, when there will be four cud men. Popo and Sayies will in troduce several now negro melodies, and Mr. John Matlock, who is an old favorite here, will by special'! request sing “Tbo old log cabin in the doll." The members of tho ex cellent vocal quartette will each have now ballads, and the vniiouu specialty performers, including Manuel. Lopez, Uio Spanish student, wilt provide something fresh and attractive for tile audience. On Wednesday evening an amateur clog-dancing competition for tho championship of Bendigo will tako place, to bo followed mi Thursday by an Irish Jig contest, alt cl on Friday by ft cprtilo singing competition, the management presenting handsome trophies to tho' winners. Insulting Behavior,— A young man named Arthur Earl was arrested on Saturday morning for insulting behavior in Pall Mall. Tho accused is One of tho circus hands, and whilst under the influence of liquor was jostling people in tho street Constable Doblo observed him, and lodged him in tho lookup. Later on ho was brought before Mr. J. H. Abbot, J.P., who after hearing the evidence of the constable discharged him with a warning; A Severed Artery.— Miss Lucy Tramblc, daughter of Mrs, Trumblo of Milroy street, cut her hand severely on Saturday morning, severing an artery. She was taken to the surgery of Dr. J. D. Boyd, View Point, where tho injury was attended to. Funeral of a Contractor. —Tho remains | of the late Mr. Edward Casey, who for many years was a contractor under tho City Coun cil, took place on Saturday afternoon from his residence in McCrao street to tho While Hills cemetery. Tho cortege was a very long ono, being composed of between 80 and 90 vehicles, and was attended by a number of prominent citizens, also by many of his frionds and relations. Several of tho city councillors and officers were there, including tho town clerk (Mr. Donovan.) Tho funeral service at the grave was read by tho Rev. Father Rooney, ilnd the mortuary arrange ments wotol in tho hands of Mr. W. H, Oakley of Bridge-street? Disturbance in the Show Grounds.— Attached to Soils’ Circus are a number of laborers whoso duty it is to do all tho pack ing, cto., connected with it. Some of these men are from tho States, but the greater number wore engaged in Sydney. Yesterday it appears a dispute arose at dinner-time be tween one of tbo Americans and one of the Australians, who boro tbo names respectively of “ Elephant Jack” and “ Wardrobe Bill." A row ensued, and during it “Elephant Jack," accidentally or othorwiso, inserted a fork in the top of “ Wardrobe Bill’s” skull. Blood flowed from tho wound, and Bill’s males proceeded to make an assault on the' American, but unsuccessfully. The affair' might have coded more seriously but for the fortunate arrival of Senior Constable Cant woll and Constables Davidson and Garland, - whoso presence quelled those inclined, to rowdincss. The constables inquired into the row, bub finding that Bill’s head was not mud) eiit and that ho brought it on himself,: refused to take any further action in tho matter. Some of tho rowdier characters also got into a brawl with tho Chinese in Bridge street yesterday evening, bub tho' Celestials were able to keep them from doing any damage. “Tire Corsair.” —This highly enjoyable -jmeratio burlesque: was repeated on Saturday -flight and muon pleasure. Miss Fanny- Liddiard and Miss Virginia Earl filled! their respective roles with credit, and their singing was much appreciated; while the doings of Bribanto and Yussuf, Messrs. Ford and Soagrovo, their songs and their local hits, kept the audience in. n continuous state of merriment. Mr. Geo. K. Forlcscue was as happy as over, and his song, “For Goodness Sake don’t say I told you,” caused him to be recalled more than once. The other mem bers . of-the company, acquitted themselves creditably, and the sccnio arrangements were much, better managed than on tho previous night. Tho “ Corsair" will bo repealed this evening. Art Gallery.— The curator, Mr. J.. B. Harris, furnishes us with Uio attendances during 1891 as computed by him ns follows: —Nambor of visitors on week days from Jan. 1’ to Doc. 31, 1891, 71,885; number of visitors on Sundays during, sanies period, 18,478 —total ; for Uio year, 90,383, During thb : three days of tbo prcscnt.yoar 2398 have paid' the insti tute a visit, of whom 437 wont yesterday. ..JJarkly Ward Election. —So far-os wo can ascertain there is no likelihood, of .any ono being nominated in opposition to Mr.' S. I H. M'Gowau for. tbo vacancy in tbo council caused by the death of Cr. Boeder. Nomina tions close this afternoon at the.Town Hall. . A Dislocated Shoulder.—A man namod Nicholas' Jenkins) 60 years’ of ago, residing in.Boeeh-stn:cb, while filling-Ms kettle atdho .water tap yittnrday slipped tnd dislocated-his shoulder. Ho'was attended to at Uio'hospital; Sells Circus.—This mammoth show -con cluded’their'stay in Sandhurst by two perr fornmnccs on Saturday, poo ia tho rifternoon, and the other in.blip evening! The entertain ment was as meritorious as on Uio "previous day, and the audience were thoroughly delighted with it. At the conclusion of the show,, the whole of the appliances wore packed up, and ; the party left :by a special train afc. midnight last, night for the metropolis. It might prove interesting to many to know that included among the Arabian performers is Hadj lo Mahofodo Chorif!, son,, of tho Shick Chief- of Naj, Mahomand of Sahara. This prince is about fhivty-flvo years of ago, nud'in addition to bUrrijnggUng abilities, is 'nri linguist.: Bo is.'ijijlstf a olovbry' riHo Mint, and poSßosaoa modalii to the value; of botwocri four and flvo -thousand pounds, gained by his pro* fioionoy with fltoormJt, His father Naj Mahoiticd being abodt GO yoartf of rigofUadyLo Malm fade’ will dhortly bo‘ returning td -Mis native land tU tako Ills place as ruler Of tho tflboj n$ ho is tho oldest son; Ifo Mad a brother also in tho eompftrty, d-ydmig mftu about 26 Of igo, also an accomplished linguist, who Speaks no fewer than twelve different lan guages with fluency. Ills name is Body Tana, and for some time ho flllcd.tbo position of consul in tho United States for his own country. Hady Tab a intends when the Great Worlds fair in Chicago in 1393 lids lloori con oludcd, and at Which ho‘is OOrtsul for lils country, to visit Australia with a. cdulpaiiy of. his countrymCri, ~ , v Tnis InicitUt*,—tirown wafi arrested 6n> Saturday oVoinilg about half-past 10 o’clock by Constable Langley for insulting behavior at Dolmo’s flub shop. On tho road to tho lookup bo broke away from tho con stable, but bo was ro- oaptured, and, with tho assistance of Senior-Countable Meagher, taken to tho wutchhonso, , John HoalUy Was dlso locked Up. by OjmUdblo Haig for vagrancy. iMrnoviNd; —The nlindr Chadwick, who was so seriously Injured My a blasting .acci dent at the PrihceSS Dagntar, mine’, id slcttdlly imprdving iH th° hdiqdUyi » ‘ ’ '■> . CtHVkK lIODORBY -IK A SHOP. Two spielers entered-the drapery establishment of Mosses. A. It, .Davies and 00., Bridge-street, Ballarat to imako.purchases on Saturday after noon,in their presence Mr. Davies laid do\Vn a bug containing about £3O. He bad occasion to leave that portion of tho shop for a time, and on returning found that the men and the money were gone. The detectives are On the track of the thieves* - • - • PiIYLLOXBIU. BrUDlCATKO.—Victoria has tho hSnor of being tho first country in tho world that has succeeded in stamping out tho phylloxera after it had once gained a foot ing. 1 Vigorous action had to be. tflUdt) fifoirt the first, and all tllO Infected vineyards iri tho Gcolbug district w<Jrd . destroyed arid, their owrtoiM eawporisdtisdj arid flip Phylloxera Doili’d wtU appointed to inquire and report upon llid adrtsdbility Of, replanting} dr any mcatui(rort that should bH taken to eriaUro that tlic uide.isd Was thoroughly stumped out. The board bos sent iu its Anal report, stating that tho insects have now nil disappeated, and re commending that replanting be allowed. Tub Rivkuina Bush Fires.— Reports from the scene of tho bush fires on Saturday morning confirm tho aceouutu to hand of the devastation of tho Yerong Creek, Pleasant Hills and Mungablu dislncts. Tho Are in those localities has almost burnt Itself out, but on the Other side of the railway line, on tile Miltiigbllg station, the ‘conflagration, last night was proceeding with' unabated vigor; Upwards ot 50 miles of country, have been huriit ovorj and the damage done is almost incalculable. Many podr farmers are bumlt out coiriulelolyi and squatters have lost miles of Tciiciug and largo areas Of grass Inild, No. 3 B6«H strdClc iil'tcslnri writer oil Fri day last near Winton, Queensland, at a depth of 3300 ft. Tho flow will be at tho rate of 500,000 gallons per day. This is the deepest well in Australia. Australian Butter.—lt is cabled that Australian butter has dropped 4s per owL Factory butler brought by the Orizaba is realising from 118s to 124 a. The factory butter brought by the Doric is nearly all dis posed of tho average realised being from 120s to 12S» per owfc. Farmers’ kegs arc going off slowly, realising from 100 ato 112s. A shipment of 135 tons of butter was forwarded from Melbourne by tho H.M.S. Paramatta on on Saturday; Australia’s Trhasuuy Bills. Wost garth’s circular prophesies the success of tho Treasury Bills which tho Victorian and New South Wales Governments are about to place on the maifkdt. . Thfe suggestion is iilado that this stock should bo iriqdq interchangeable with inscribed stocks; ! \ " Riwistinu SNakb PbifjoK.— A case df snake.bite iii reported front Todwoiiga, across the Rivcriiia bdrder, A girl named Trdbil cook, while walking through a paddock, was bitten iii the log. Her father iiijcctcd strych nine, in accordance with Dr. Maoildr’s direc tions, and though the girl was very bad, she is now out of danger; The drawing of prizes for the Union Grocery Go’s, art union will tako place to-night at tho No. 1 Piro Brigade depot. On Friday, Jan. 15, Messrs. Buscombo, Moore and Cos. will hold an important and unreserved sale of horses, farming implements, Ac., at Tcr ricks, in the estate of Mr. John I’ascoo. Wo arc requested to mention that tho last trial, for the season of tho Planet Jr. Implements will tako place at Mr. McGuire’s vineyard on Wednes day at 2 o’clock. From the local agent of tho Royal Insurance Cos. (Mr. J. Pickup) wo are in receipt of tho company’s ■calender, atm an equally useful blotting pad. Prom Mr. R. Soutcr, on account pf Gcargo Robert son.and Cos., Green’s Short History of the English people is to hand. Tins is a cheap edition by McMillan, and is published at one shilling. 