Local military organisation and administra tion is at a very loose end indeed, extravag ance and confusion, resulting from conflicting authorities, rioting supreme. We wonder thnt a practical business man like Mr. Dibbs does not take immediate steps to remedy a state of things so disgraceful and liable at any'moment to be so dangerous. Recently published par liamentary documents disclose a slate of fric tion that would be impossible were one Mili- tary Force under one competent control. An engineer officer of the imperial forces of high rank (a major-general) was the adviser of the New South Wales Government in re matters oi ordnance etc. On receipt of his suggestions, advices, and recommendations our Major- General Commandent handed them over for criticism to a Captain , Instructor of Musketry, and, in many instances, this subordinate official did the critical business with amazing vim, characterising the Adviser-General's views as absured and unnecessarily expensive, and more than insinuating that that function ary was in collusion with certain British manu facturers of firearms. For example, here is one very suggestive morsel of this Musketry Instructor's ruthless criticism " I consider Major-General Harding- steward's letter is quite in keeping with all other advices re ceived from him. He only predicts what may happen, and urges upon this Government the adoption of a system not yet decided upon ly the Imperial authorities, and advertises a firm called the " Henry Barrel Company," with which Company he recommends this Govern ment to enter into a patch-work contract at an enormous expense. ... I now came to page' t, paragraph 1, in the Major-General's memo., where he states that t.ooo rounds of Bk pellet powder, -303 cal. rifle cartridges are on their way to this colony, thi said Bk pellet Powder being only strong enough to give a muzzle velocity of 1,750 feet, whereas the rifle is sighted for a smokeless powder giving a muzzle velocity of 2,150 feet, and he further finishes with a foot note on' page 3 to the effect that the M. V. for the new cartridges is to be reduced to 2,000 feet. Surely if the Imperial authorities are in such an undeter mined state of mind the Government of New South Wales can wait until they have decided such an important point as the sighting of a rifle. The culminating point of the Major- General's memo, is arrived at on page 1, para graph 3, where he states, " None of the MkV pattern arms have as yet been issued, in fact, only the pattern has been made." On the strength' of this ghost he recommends an im portant country like New South Wales to in vest thousands of pounds on a mare experi ment that may turn out an utter failure, so that the pockets of the company called the "tHenry Barrel Company" may be well filled. Our Major-General Richardson endorses the views (as we think rightly) of his Instructor of Musketry — a fact which should lead folks of ordinary common sense to infer that the use Of an Adviser general of high rank in England on large pay and allowances, is about equiva lent to that generally assigned to the fifth wheel of a coach. In war time it would truly be dangerous to have the local military author ities hopelessly at two with their imperial Adviser-general in England. Why should we have an Adviser-general in the old country at " ' all ? Surely our local staff ought to be equal to the task of properly indenting for all mili tary requisites (with the commercial assistance of the Agent-General, a colonial official . directly responsible to the New South Wales p Government.) It seems to us that while we should kep well in touch with the British military system, we should not blindly imitate it ; but, having a free hand, avail ourselves of it to follow any useful example in the way of : army details by whatsoever nation it may hap- ! ' pen to be set. We are now blindly following the British military'system than which (accord ing to competent critics within its own ranks), nothing can be well more extravagant and in some important matters inefficient. 