MOUNT JäTNA. THB latest recorded ascent of thia volcano was made a few months ago by A. 3V Jaccaci, and in the new number of /Scribner's Magazine an account of it comes very opportunely at this moment, when public interest' is aroused by an eruption which threatens to be so destructive. Signor Jaccaci describes the island of Sicily as a flock of hills, and his first view of iEtna was from Taormina, a town on Monte Tauro, commanding the Straits of Messina. Facing this exquisite panorama, the old Greeks built a great theatre, and from its broken stage, framed in by shattered columns, ' JEtna's solitary cone, set against the southern sky, is a symphony of snow and azure, of mother-o'-pearl whites and transparent blues an ineffably soft and vaporous vision.' On the route to Catania, the first savag e marks of the volcano seen are torrents of solid matter, which have run twenty miles from the central mass into the sea, forming continuous ridges. The earth here is but lava ground to dust, where ' against a uniformly purplish background-the purple of lava-springs forth the brilliant leafage of orange, lemon, and fig trees, and pf vines chas- tened by the silvery sheen of the classical olive, while lonely cairns of the frothing, seething matter are seen stopped in mid-rush and tamed to stone/ Catania is built of white stone and of blocks of lava, ornamental work in the datk material being Used with good effect on the white ' façades of important buildings. The average of the éruptions of JStna in this century has been one every four or five years, and as its periods of rest alternate with those of Vesuvius, scientists have inferred a subterranean connection; also that both belong to a group of which the Lipari Islands and the islet of Fantellaria are parts. The starting point for the ascent was Nicolosi, where the Catauian branch of the Alpine Club has its corporation. Starting at daylight, in charge of the chief of the Guides of -Etna, Signor Jaccaci followed a narrow track, threading vine- yards between the Monta BOBBI, two big reddish cones upheaved in 1669. The great flood of lava which then almost destroyed Catania; divided in two branches at a point just above the open chapel of the Alterelli, dedicated to the three patron saints of Nicolosi, a ' miracle' ascribed to the timely exhibition of a holy relic, the veil of Santa Agata ! Descending 'into valleys and pits, ' silent and dusky as the portals to the world of the dead, whose monochrome dark purplish tone makes their aspect the more sinister/ they pushed on across these diabolical wastes, past a continu- ous array of craters, leaving behind first the orange and lemon trees, and then the sturdier vines, big oaks and chesnuts, copper beeches, birches, and the tall Laricio pines keeping them company till they won the Casa del Bosco, a way* house 4215ft. above the sea level, and higher than the summit of Vesuvius. From eastern to west ern spur JEtna covers forty miles, more than forty villages are dotted about its flanks and feet, of the destruction of one of which-Giarre, famous for. its wine-we have already heard by cable, but from the Casa del Bosco Signor Jaccaci was about to enter the regione deserta. Here the nakedness of rock is unrelieved, the bright sun neither cheers nor warms, mists and storm-clouds drift and roil, there are blustering gusts in the couloirs and intervals of lull on the plateaux. The trail becoming steeper, the first glimpse was caught of the Serra del Solfizio, a saw-shaped ridge whose enp mous hollows are filled with eternal snow. Crossing a tableland-the Piano del Xago-they skirted the cliffs, 3000ft. deep, which border the magnificent Valle del Bove, considered to be the original crater, on the brink of which still stand the ruins of the Tower of the Philosopher, built by the Emperor Hadrian. Thoroughly exhausted, the climbers sought shelter for the night in a refuge (adjoining the observatory), built by English officers during the British occupation ol Sicily in the Napoleonic times. It was Signoi Jaccaci'8 design to see the sun rjse, and he sel out again at midnight to ascend the snow-cone from whose abysses countless wreaths of thin damp smoke arise. It was three o'clock when h< stood, 11,000ft. above the sea, on a small pyramic of ashes, which rises above the crater and th« whole of iEtna. A north wind had brushed away the clouds and smoke, clearing the atmosphere ; the moon had disappeared; sky, sea, and land were all one immensity of indistinct blue, and, as he watched, a change of colour, so gradual a3 to be felt rather than seen, besan. The description of the dawn, unfolding to the watcher at such an altitude, is beautiful in the extreme, but justice could not be done to it by quoting any 'part. When day-full day-is upon him, the writer concludes : ' Beautiful with the beauty of dreams is the spectacle. To the north the archipelago of the Lipari Islands, with their smoky lighthouse of Stromboli, floats on the iridescent sea. To the couth, on the borders of the vast horizon, hover two ghosts-Malta and Pantellaria ; while the purple shadows of the Calabrian Mountains on the mainland bridge the Straits of Messina, hiding Charybdis and Scylla. Cameo-cut against the sea, Sicily lies at our feet, displayin« her fifty towns, her countless villages, the silver ribbons of her rivers, the thousand farted details of ber uneven soil; and across her whole length, as a tangible sign of his dominion, lord JE tua stret- ches his enormous triangular shadow.' 