Chapter III. Two or three days after Lexie came back, 6he and I went down to the big mulberry tree near the Caspars' house. I swarmed up it to see if there was any ripe fruit 011 the top, and she waited underneath for me. Presently Mrs. Caspar came to the fence, and called mysteriously to her. I saw Lexie stiffen all over when she heard the voice, and it made me wonder ; for she had always been very kind and good to the Caspars, and had never thought hardly of them for select ing and being the nuisance and bothering eyesore that they were. " Do you want to speak to me ?" she said very gravely, going to the fence. " Ach, yes! I want to thank and bless you for harking to my prayer." "But that is quite unnecessary," said Lexie. " Yon are making a great mistake. I have come home a little sooner than I in tended, to bring two friends who want to spend Christmas in the bush. That is nothing for you to thank me for." "Aren't you going to plead for us?" said Mrs. Caspar, glariug wildly over the top of the fence. "Certainly not," said Lexie sharply; " there is no need. I may as well tell you at once, Mrs. Caspar, that 1 was wry much shocked and very indignant at your letter. My father is utterly incapable of acting; as you suppose ; and if ever you hint at such a thing again I shall be obliged to lay the matter before him and let him deal with it 1 did not do so this time because he has been worried enough by your husband, without my adding anything to annoy him further." Mrs. Caspar hart listened to this with a sort of stony despair. Then she said with a sort of gasp— "Acn, God! I have no friend at all, and we shall be burnt out again this year. And we have no more money now—110, not any at all. And we shall be ruin and starve, my poor dying child and me, until we are forced to sell for a miserable £5 to your father. Ach, God!" She ran into the house like a mad thing, and I slid down the tree to Lexie. She was as pale as a ghost, and there were tears in her eyes, but she looked very proud and angry. "Don't mind her, Lex," I said, giving her a little squeeze. "She is mad—quite mad. I've thought so for a long time, and now I'm sure of it. Lexie was dreadful ly worried. I could see. " I wouldn't insult him by even hinting at such a suspicion," she said. " He is so hot tempered, dear old fellow ! that goodness knows what he might do—say, I mean. That silly woman I she is quite convinced he is trying to get rid of them in that way. As if he would] She wrote to me while I was in town, begging me to interfere and plead for them. Just fancy!" So that was what had brought the line be tween Lexie's eyebrows I " But 1" she went on hastily, looking very steadily at me; " that wasn't why 1 came home. 1 wanted to be here while these strangers were here—do you understand, Tom? Some men would do what she thinks father is doing, and consider it quite justiii able 1 - And Caspar has been dreadfully aggra vating. One would almost think lie had done it on purpose, only that he is such a slow, thick-witted fellow, lie is dogged—not cun ning. But futher!—he wouldn't do such a mean trick for all the land in Australia, Tom." She said this almost as if it were a ques tion : and I answered—" Of course not. But 1 was very uncomfortable. Caspar had been a moat beastly nuisance. Uncle Hector it of Unole Hector j " Father dearest," said Lexie that evening, as we three stood on the verandah just before dinner. " why don't you give that wretched' man ins £10 an acre, and get rid of him ? It would only cost £4,000." "Only £4,000! Hear the heiress!" said Uncle Hector, smiling and pulling her ear. " Don't frivol, sir," Baid Lexie, catching his hand," but listen to me. it.would be well worth the money; it wouldn't be so very; much to pay for peace and comfort after nil. j And it would be a great comfort to get rid of j that dreadful pigsty, wouldn't it? And they have been so unlucky—nnd they're so poor, so very poor! Think of nil that, dearest daddy." "My dear," said Uncle Hector, very shortly, "you are talking of what you don't understand. I have offered the very utmost that the land is worth—more than its actual value, for it is a comparatively poor hit. but it happens to be worth £2,000 to me, anil that unhung ruffian refuses that. He won't get another farthing from me, I can tell him. But I liaven't done with him yet; he'll find himself differently situated before long 1 think, and then he'll regret not having closed with me." Lexie started back as if he had struck her when he said this, frowning heavily, and went as pale as death, but in a moment she put her arm about his neck and kissed him two or three times, as if she were sorry for having drawn away. As for me, that mad woman's wild words shot into my tnmd again in spite of myself, and it was exactly as if cold water were run ning down my spine. I think both Lesie and I were as miserable as bandicoots that evening—I know I was. Next day I strolled over to the huts, and stood watching Dickson while he worked up the bread, without listening much to what he was talking about until the word " fire" caught my attention. "Never had so many blooming fires near the homestead all the years I've been work ing here," Dickson was saying. " I wonder if there'll be another this summer; Caspar places at oncest I'd say he'd set that last fire himself; hut I seen him with my own eyes coming through the horse-paddock when he was running down to beat it out. It's queer it's dashed queer." I thought so too, and Mrs. Caspar's mad talk made me think it queerer still. For, of course, I knew now that she thought Uncle Hector had either set the fires himself cr had them set, to burn them out and force them to sell. Such a thing has been done and thought fair enough, but I think it beastly mean, and I couldn't bear to suspect Uncle Hector of it. Caspar was not insured, so that I couldn't see what he would get by burning himself out year after year. There was no reason in it that I could see. I went away from the hut more miserable than ever. The only thing that kept my spirits up at this time was Mr. burke, and lie was splendid—a regular circus! Sometimes it ■was as easy as anything to take a rise out of him; and at others you couldn't get him to believe real tilings that were going on under bis own eyes. The other fellow—Pole—was very much interested by Caspar and his misfortunes. I told him the story first, and afterwards he talked to Lexie about it. but we were both pretty wretched when we found out that he had been talking to Caspar himself; for how were we going to set right any lies that fellow might choose to tell him? In spite of it all we had a very jolly Christ mas Day. The puddings and mince- pies were stunning, and so were the custards and other things. I enjoyed myself thoroughly. but boxing Day was a nipper. Hot—the j thermometer at 112 on the verandah—with a | nasty gusty wind that chopped all round the j compass, and was hot whichever way it blew, j Mis. Caspar's child was dying, and she laid sent up for Lexie. Mr. Pole was loafing round somewhere, nnd I was talking to burke, who was stretched on a lounge in the hull, keeping himself up with claret and soda. It isn't the beat altogether that lias knocked me Ujj like this,"lie said with his | eyes shut "1 couldn't sleep last night for a noise. It seemed tocome from over there," he pointed towards the O.b. Swamp, " and was like—faith 1 I don't know irhcU it was like ! It went on for hours and hours, in a sort of monotononschant." " Perhaps it was the mosquitoes coming," I said carelessly. He meant the bull- frags, but how was I tohiow that? " Was it a loud sort of song?" For so far we had not had any mosquitoes, and they were always asking about them. "Mosquitoes!" he said, staring. "Why, what size are they at all ?" "Oil!" I said, "You can kill them quite easily with your hand, if you're pretty strong— and not afraid, you know." "Good heavens 1 Nonsense! That couldn't be mosquitoes—a noise like that!" " 1 can't think of anything else," I said, " that chants at night, except frags " " Pooh ! frogs ! Don't I know the croak of a frog ?" There it was ! He thought he knew every thing. " Or mopokes," I went on; " but they only call once and stop for a few minutes. The bunyip gives a long, loud roar, and has done with it; hut mosquitoes sing all night with out stopping. It must " I stopped short, for Uncle Ilector came in just then, looking very hot and disturbed, lie went straight to the sideboard in the dining-room, and filled himself out a nip of whisky and soda. "Where's Pole?" he asked, but before either of us had time to nnswer, mother hurried into the hall, looking dreadfully frightened. " Fire, Hector, just beyond the stockyard," she cried. We all rushed out Snre enough there was a great column of smoke and ilnme, travel ling at a terrific pace before the gusty wind, straight for Caspar's house. We tore off our coats, snatched tip bags, and dashed down to the gate. Our one chance was to stop it at the buggy track ; if wc couldn't do that, then Caspar's house stood a very poor show. Lcxie came out of the Caspars' door, pale as n ghost, with eyes full of horror. " Oh, stop it, stop it 1" she cried above the wind. " The little child is dying fast." "Never fear, Lexie," I shouted—I was nearest to her. " Don't he afraid—we'll stop it." It was all very well to say that. We fought that lire desperately, as if it had been a wild beast und we were struggling for life. Every now and then there would be a lull in the wind, and we seemed to make some way; but it would rise again, chop round, and blow with greater fury than ever, and -all our labour went lor nothing. And in the Caspars' house the child lay dying on his mother's kneel It was ghastly 1 The tire got across the track in spiteuf u», and there seemed nothing (or it bat to brina the poor little chap put, dying as he was; when suddenly Lexie, who haa feome to the door again, fell on her knees with a cry that sent the blood back from my heart audnmule meturncold. "Oh, merciful God! Have pity on the mother and her dying child !" Just at that moment there was another lull; then the wind veered right round. In two minutes Caspar's cottage was practically safe, and the fire was racing like mad between the house and the huts; and down to the lower gate into the horse paddock ; and we had as much as we could possibly do to keep it in at the sides and so save the buildings and the stacks behind the huts. Hut in a little while the change of wind brought rain, and made all safe. Before the fire was out the child died. "What the deuce is that fellow up to now?" said Uncle Hector, looking from the window at Caspar, who was nfiling up n case at his back door next moiling. "Surely he is not going to but? tlic poor child in a packing-case ?' "He isn't going to bury him hero, dear; he is going away, and will bury him in the Mount," said Lexie, coming up behind him. She had some pnpers in her band, and looked dreadfully worried and ill. " Going away ! The deuce he is !" Uncle Hector turned and looked at her very shnrply. " Yes," said she, with a little tremble in her voice. " I couldn't bear it any longer ; and / have bought him out, as yon wouldn't." Then Uncle Hector got into the only rage I Jiaveeverseen him in with Lexie. I thought lie would have a fit. It was terrible. I was afraid to stay—but I couldn't budge an inch. Lexie only looked at him dumbly, with a sort of strained patience in her face. "Do you know what you have done?" lie shouted at last. " You have paid that scoundrel £4,000 for burning himseit out. 1 am as sure of thatas that I stand here, and I >olc and 1 have been watching to catch him." Lexie dropped down in a dead faint, which put Uncle Hector's rage to flight instantly. It was a true bill. Caspar, through his poor silly little wife, had played on Lexie as if she had been a flute; and to a nice tunc, too—the tune of a cool £4,000. Pole had suspected him from the first hearing of his story; and he and Uncle Hector had made it up to watch hiin turn about Hut they couldn't sheet it home to him. The only tiling they could show against hi in was a common little roughly car veil wooden match-box that he must have dropped, and which Pole picked up near where the (ire started. But no one will ever know how Caspar played oil Lexie hut herself and me, two idiots that we were! The End. 