SILAS BAXTER'S RETURN. BY G. J. PBECTON, in the American Magazine Old man Joe Thompson was the bearer of great news. Circlerille, in the mountains of Virginia," is not reached by railway or telegraph. Old man .Toe would certainly bring news, though he had only gone for salt, a far more indispensable article; and he had been across the mountain, at least as far as Bockingham. Thus it happened as Joe approached his native hamlet, leading the old grey mare, with a sack of salt slung across the saddle, that the whole populace turned out to meet and greet him. . But though assembled solely for the purpose of hearing news, these mountaineers repress all other out ward show of curiosity. After the j manner of our Indians, tbey affect a stoicism which nearly approaches stolidity. Though every soul of them feels that Joe has important news to communicate, no questions are asked on the subject uppermost in mind, and the old man himself volunteers no information. The silence is at last broken by 8am Baxter, a wizened, t white-haired old man, whose hands are so deformed by rheumatism that they looked like huge claws. " Ole mare mightly nigh played out, ain't she, Joe ?" " Yes," replies the old man, turn ing and scrutinising the animal critically, " the fool kicked off her right hind shoe jist 'fore we come to the divide, an' I knocked it on with a rock, but hit came off agin an she's been gitt'n' lamer 'n lamer ever since." ( After delivering himself of this weighty fact, Joe slowly proceeds to his " store," followed in silence by the | crowd. He takes the bag off his horse and gives it to his son Jim, who, with the assistance of several men, drags it into the store. The mare is then relieved of saddle and bridle, and turned into the lot at the side of the house. By this time nearly all the people of the neighborhood are col lected in front of the store; some sitting in the porch, others mounted on the fence or idly leaning against i the house. Old Joe comes slowly oat of the store and carelessly looks at the assembly. There are, perhaps, thirty I in all; half a dozen old men unfit for ! service in the army, two or three who i have eluded the vigilance of the- re i cruiting officer, ten or twelve women,. and a number.of children of all ages, j The mountain women are usually far inferior to the men. Their incessant and severe toil soon sets its impress, and obliterates all natural grace or beauty. Of those around Joe Thomp-. son's porch few show traces of former, omjiness. Gaunt they are, and some of them unkempt. Their faces have been tanned by wind and s«m, their - straggling hair is loosely coiled on, their necks, and there is hardly a. complete set of teeth in the whole dozen. War times have somewhat* curtailed their usually scant ward-, robes, and their dress either consists. of an old, much-worn and faded calico, or of rough, home-made cloth,, cut as economic-ally as possible. But, totally unlike the rest of these mountain women, was young Lucy ..Swisher. Tall, of a muscular though, fairly rounded form, and graced with a profusion of light brown hair, as well as very bright blue eyes, Lucy was in many ways several grades above the women around her. Her father had saved a little money, and a few years before his death had sent Lucy "over the mountain" to a school ; whence she had returned able to read and write, and armed with two or three of Scot's novels. Fom these, her only boobs, the girl drew her society ; formed Her ideas of life, o£ lore, of the great world far, far beyond the most distant blue line of mountains. Of all the faces in the little group in front of Joe's store, Lucy's was the most eager, the most intense. Little she cared about the great struggle; the only knew that her Ivanhce, her Guy Mannering, went with the Stone wall Brigade more than three years, ago, west with her little silver ring and a lock of her hair ; went sur rounded by an aureole of her romantic yout.g love. Only scant tidings had ever come of Silas Baxter; it was rumored that he had been wounded, then that he bad been captured, bit neither of these reports was believed. And now it i& growing evident that Old Man Joe cannot hold in much longer. He makes some comments on the high price of salt, the condition of crops in JJoekingham, and other irr elevant topics ; all of which is gravely received by his audience. Then, look ing around, be asks for a chew of tobacco. Several twists are promptly handed to him. Carefully selecting the most attractive one of these, he bites off a huge piece and begins to masticate it violently. Then, giving his trousers a hitch, he leans against one of the posts, spits with great precision at a fly, and begius : "I reckon you all would like to* knew what's goin' on ; well, iiondy I leff here, or was it Chusdv ? * Some one in the crowd assented to the change. " Yes, you're right, Jim; it were Chusdy, an' that night 1 stayed with Sam Barlofv at the foot of the mountin',. and the next night with Squire Bogers in the Gap, an' Thursday evnin' I got to Iiarrisouburg; I rode up to Jake Koiner's store and he told me to take j the beast to his stable, an' I tell you. the ole mare was glad to roll her tongue around a year o'- corn. When I come back to the store, Jake says to jne, Joe, her you heard the news?' 'No,' says I, 'what news?' 'Why Gren'l Lee he's done surrendered under a apple tree at A ppermattir.' Boys, you could er knocked me down with a feather J" Here the orator paused to enjoy the effect produced on his audience. No sound is heard except a few shrill exclamations from the women; no one moves; this tremondous intelligence is slowly forcing its way into their sluggish minds. Joe continues-"Yes, sir, surren dered under a apple tree, an' at Appermattix, by gosh!" His hearers by this time partially recovered from the shock, and ques tions are poured in from all sides: " Is the nigger.free ?" " Is we goin' to be slaves like the niggers ?" Did they kill all the soldiers ?" and the like. While engaged in answering as best he could all these queries, Joe looked at Lucy"Why, Lucy, gal, what's the matter; you're as white as a ghost. I got sumthin' fur you. Silus is a cap'en an' he's com®' back as soon as he kin ; I seen a man what wuz with him.' All eyes were turned upon the poor girl, and she, bursting into tears, threw her apron over her head and ran away. But, after her excitement had subsided a little, a strong feeling of exultation came over her. The downfall of the Southern Confederacy is riot in her thoughts; they are filled with pictures of her soldier love. How handsome he must look in his uniform ; how grand it is to be a captain. She wondered if he wonld have a plume in his cap, and how long a sword he would wear. The next few days were spent in anxious waiting by the people of Oircle ville; none of the soldiers had yet returned, although Jne's news had been confirmed by the two cattle-men. Long years before, twelve men had gone out from the hamlet, with their best home-spun clothes on, and their haversacks full of provisions ; but none had ever come back to tell of the fortunes of war. Now, since every thing was over, the anxiety of those at home was more than doubled. On the third day Lucy, whose impatience had been hourly increasing, indulged herself in a long stroll. VI andering listlessly along tbe rojid, she came to the summit of the mountain, and throwing herself down on a large boulder which was softly carpeted with I green mosB, gave full rein to her j romantic imagination, The place itself is certainly conducive of the -airiest flights of fancy. Far below lies the green little valley, about half a mile : across in its widest part, and tapering i to a point which enters wedge-like ' between two mountains, Through it I runs a small stream, which glitters where the son, touches it like a silver! thread. On 'one side rises Middle ' Mountain, regular in its outline and heavily wooded 5 near its top stands ! out the white top of a limestone cliff, looking like a monument to some departed giant; on the other side is Bough Mountain, having at its base a I perpendicular wall of rock more' than ? a hundred feet in height; above that a i belt of stunted oak and pine, now piled like gigantic masonry, now tumbled in the wildest confusion. Eear hunters were the onl v members of the little community who ever ventured up these little steeps. Manv wild stories were told of their experi ences. When the whole mountain was one mass of ice, the hunters tracked the animals to their dens and waited, nearly frozen, for them to come out; for the hear of this region in spite of his lerror, must get a meal now and then in winter. The young girl lay on a mossy boulder, with her face to the sky. Far above a hawlc was slowly circling out of sight. Eveiything was quiet and solemn ; tbe great clouds floated across from peak to peak, and she wondered if ships looked like them. The silence was broken only by the shrill chirp of the ground-squirrel or the distant drumming of a pheasant. How long ago, it seemed to her. that summer evening when Silas Baxter and she walked op the mountain road and sat on the old seat. How full of enthusi asm he wa,s; how eager to win fame and become a great soldier ; how handsome he looked when lie kissed her and told her to meet him at the same place when he came hack ; how 1-and the long lashes rested gently on the brown cheek, and the mountain changed to the tourney, and Prince Charming in his shining mail was bearing all before him. and her sleeve wa« across his helmet! Tip the other side of the mountain a man was toiling wearily along. He was, at least, a ca'nn-<ollower of one of the armies, for what remained of his left sleeve was empty. His hair was long and matted, and fell down on his shoulders ; a bristly, rougli beard covered his face : his eves were bloodshot and watery. He wore a greasy slouch hat, a dirty grey shirt, through the holes of which could be peen a hairy chest. Around his wajst was a broad leather belt, from either side of which hung a large pistol in a holster. A pair of trousers fringed with tatters reached little below the kree, showing the bare legs, which had been badly scratched by the brush, find were smeared with blood. His costume was completed by a pair of shoes patched in many places and held together here and there by pieces of ptring. The man was much exhausted, and leaned heavily on a stick he carried. 4§ he came ®ew the mountain-top ho began to look about him eagerly, as if seeking a place to spend tlie night. Finally he reached the summit, and, shading his eyes with his hands, gazed down into the valley. Suddenly his glance fell on the sleeping .girl. Drop ping his stick he ran to where she was lying, and leaned over her until the dirty unshorn face nearly touched the soft brown cheek. Lucy must hare been dreaming a very happy dream, for her lips were parted in a smile. All at once, as if conscious of this hideous intrusion, the long lashes weie quickly raised, and for a second the blue eyes stared at the rough face so near to her, Then with a shriek she sprang to her feet, her face blanched, her eyes wild, too terrified to move. The man, too, had darted back a few steps, but recover ing himself he stretched out his one arm, and said in a low, broken, questioning voice, " Lucy, you ain't forgot me?" For an instant she looked at him, and then gasped out, "Who are you ?" But before he could auswer, the terrible truth had come to her ; her bright dream flashed by mockingly. This wretched creature was her soldier lover! With a sharp cry of inward pain she sprang away, and before Silas could move she was out of his sight. It was night when she reached home, and telling her aunt, with whom she lived, that she had a head ache (the usual synonym for a girl's heartache), she went to her little room and sobbed herself to sleep. The next day the little hgtnlet was stirred by the arrival of the soldier boys. All were accounted for as dead or home again, except Silas; there was no little wonder as to what had become ot him, for he had started before the rest and they had heard of him along the road. Then for days afterwards came thick and fast each mjm's story of his adventures. The whole history of the war, so far as these men were personally concerned 111 it, was related over and. over again, and upon no individual was a higher meed of pijiise bestowed than upon Silas Baxter, He had beeu promoted rapidly for bravery on the field, and bad risen to the title of colonel, not captain as Old Joe had told it. Many and very thrilling were the stories in which men told of their comrade of whom they were so proud. But what had become of him? A week passed ; two wteks, and jet no word, (To be continued.') 