THE DISCRRDED DAUGHTER. BY Mas. EMA SOT0mwonTn. CHAPTER XXXIX. WIHAT CAME NEXT. Uncomfortable time! why cameet thou nor T'o murder- muidor our solemnity ? -SHA-BusPARa. It was two days before the ap pointed wedding day, and General Garnet sat in his library, over his wine, in deep consultation with his lawyer. 'And you say, sir, that my will might be successfully contested ?' he asked, setting down his empty glass and looking anxiously, half angrily, at the attorney. 'I give it, sir, as my best digested legal opinion that in the event of your death, should the will by which you beqnueth all this vast property to your adopted daugter be contested, it would probably be set aside in favour of .Alice Chester Hardcastle, the only living representative of the old Ohes ter family, who have held the land from the first settlement of the country to the present time, upwards of two hundred years. You know, sir, that the decimon of the case would rest finally with the jury, and such are the prejudices in favour of wealth, rank, hereditary descent, and-' ' Well speak out-justice, you would add, I suppose,' said General Garnet, filling his glass and passing the bottle. The lawyer bowed. ' Well, sir, what of these pre. judices ?-finish your sentence.' 'That scarce a jury could be found to give a verdict against your legal daughter-a Chester-.and in favour of your-I beg your pardon-adopted daughter-a stranger and an alien.' ' dir, you know nothing of the law. I shall seek better legal advi-e,' ex claimed General Garnet, brioging down his glass upon the table with a force that shivered it, and rising in an excited manner. ' You may seek other and find more palatable advice, sir. Our consulta tion ends here. I wish you good evening, sir,' said the lawyer, rising and going to the door. 'Stay !' said General Garnet, going after him. But the attorney bowed deeply and retired. General Garnet continued to pace up and down the floor, with a strange, excited manner, totally at variance with his usual rereno self-possession. Frequently, also, be stopped- poured out and quaffed a glass of wine. At last, pausing, he struck his forehead, emphatically exclaiming, 'I have it nowl-a deed! To. morrow morning the first thing I do will be to have drawn up, sign, seal, and record a deed of conveyance, giv ing the whole of this estate to Garnet Beabright, and retaining only a lifoe interest in it myself. Yes! a deed! There will be no contesting or setting aside that, I fancy. And whether I die next year, or a hundred years hence, Nettle, itf abe lives, becomes po3sessed of all this property. Yes! yes! I must revenge myself upon Hardeastle. I must punish that un grateful daughter--true scion of the stubborn Cheaters. And by all means, by any means, I must-i will !-ele vate and aggrandise Nettle, my child, my darling, my darling, the only thing on earth that loves me. Yes ! elevate and aggrandise her until I force the world to recognise her. Nettie, my heart's core! whose thought has power to banish even the image of my young bride from my mind !1-to banish it, because fair and lovely and loving as she is-her fan tastical and selfish passion, flattering as it is-is a more selfish thing than your sweet, frank affection, my darling child. Yet she is beautiful, this fervid Ambrosial And once this business settled-this deed that secures wealth and rank to my Nelttie executed and recorded, I shall be free to yield up soul and senses to this dream of passion. How my thoughts wander! I am giddy. I am not well. Whenever did I talk to myself before ? I must stop this. I will consult a physician tq.morrow,' said General Garnet, eitting down and drinking great draughts of wine. The neat day, true to his purpose, he rode to Huttontown and had the deed of conveyance, giving all the great Mount Calm property to Garnet b'eabright, and reserving only a life interest in it himself, drawn up, signed, and witnessead with all legal formula. Then he rode with it him self to the county town and had it re corded. In the course of the day the slight indications of approaching ill ness that had visited him the night before retiiuned, and now with more marked emphasis. Sudden vertigo, with failure of sight and confusion of thought, would seize him an instant, pass away-return again, and pass away. He dreW up hishorse at last before a doctor's olfice, entered, sat down, and apologising for troubling the phys;oian with such a trifling in: disposition by 'saying jestingly that he wished to be in perfect health upon his wedding day, he related his symp toms. ' It is nothing, sir,' said the physi. cian, after he had felt his pulse, &c.; SIt is nothing. Do not be alarmed, I beseech you ! Keep a calm mind; it is of vital importance that you keep a calm mind. I would' advise you to defer your marriage for a few weeks.' 'Do you think, sir, that I am threatened with-' 'No, sir. Oh, no, there is not the least occasion for alarm; these symp. toinms mti?t 'yield to a very little judi. 'cious 'treatmeont; Abstain from the use of wine and stimulating food, and, above all things, avoid all agitation and excitement, keep from all places and persons that have the least effect upon your nerves. A day or so will set you up again. 8tay, 1 will write you a little prescription. Hero, sir, take this; it is simply a cooling draught. Follow my directions, and all will be right.' General Garnet took the scrap of paper, bowed, and withdrew, with a contemptuous smile upon his lips, muttering to himself, ' Fool that I am, to seek medical ad vice of a fellow whose interest it is to make and keep me ill for a month or so! Shall I take this prescription, now? No, I feel better already. The fresh air has revived me. I will go to Point Pleasant and spend the evening with Ambrosia. Her sweet smile and gentle touch will charm this fitful illness.' And turning his horse's head, General Garnet took the road to Judge Wylie's. The sky was clouding up, but heedless of the threatened rain, be rode on rapidly to Point Pleasant. He spent a long, delightful evening with Miss Wylie, and left at a late hour more intoxicated than ever with the alluring beauty of his promised bride, and repeating in an impassioned tone many times the words of his parting, 'To- morrow! oh, to-morrow, Am brosia.' He faced a cold and driving rain ail the way home, and arrived at his own gate dripping wet. Throwing the reins of his horse to an attendant, he hastened into the house. The voice of Nettie greeted him. ' Here, godfather! come in here to the library; here is a good fire, and your dressing gown and slippers all warm, and hot coffee and oysters and wine. I made them foryou.' Divesting himself of his wet over coat, cap, leggings, and gloves, he walked into the library, where he found Nettle presiding over the com forts she had prepared for him ' My dear little brownie! Why are you up so late ?' 'The rain waked me up, godfather, and then I couldn't sleep any more for t;hinking you were out in it. So I got up and dressed myself, and came down here to make things comfortable for you.' ' ey o?n Nettie, I have been mak ing things comfortable for you, also. But where is your granny ?' 'Gone to bed these two hours. 'And now you must go, my dear little one. Come and kiss me close, and then good night.' The elf sprang to his neck, squeez. ing him tightly, and rooting herself into his bosom, as though she would grow there, and then suddenly springing off, bounded from the room. The little supper standing before him did not tempt his appetite. With another retrospective glance of con tempt at the physician's advice, he turned to the table and poured out and swallowed glass after glass of wine. Then, without heeding the mail-bag that hung upon the chair, or ringing for a sermant to clear off the things, or even closing up the house, as was his invariable custom, he arose and retired to his chamber. At this same hour, on the turnpike road, about six miles distant from Mount Calm, plunged on through darkness, mire, and driving rain a one-horse chaise, occupied by two travellers-Doctor Hardcastle and Mrs. Garnet. They travelled on in perfect silence for two hours before reaching the grounds of Mount Calm. But, upon passing the outer gate and entering upon the pre mises, Alice became nervous and un easy, and at length she asked, 'Magnus, do you feel positively assured that he has received my letter, that he is prepared and expecting to see me ?' 'Without a doubt, dear Mrs. Gar net, he got your letter to.day at noon; assuredly, late as it is, he must be now expecting us.' 'I wonder if he really does. I wonder if he has spread the news among the people of the plantation! It'is really necessary to know, dear Magnus. Else my sudden and unex pected apparition among them will cause a general alarm, and rouse the neighbourhood.' ' Very true, and at the first quarter I come to, I will alight and find out.' They rode on in silence until they came to a solitary quarter on the out skirts of the plantation. Then Doctor Hardcastle alighting, gave the reins to Mrs. Garnet, and trudged through the deep mud and pelting rain, to the cabin from whence a faint light issued, and the low, sweet sound of a violin was heard. He rapped smartly with the handle of his riding-whip. The music ceased, and a voice, which he recognised as belonging to Bob, the driver, called out from within, "'Hoo dar ! rappin' at my door dis onseasonable hour o' de night?' \ 'Me, Bob ! your old friend, Doctor Hardcastle; open the door and show yourself.' 'Oh, my Gor A'mighty, Marse Magnate, is it you, sure 'nough, come from forrin parts ?' ejaculated the old negro, fumbling at the wooden latch and. wrenching open the door. ' Come in, come in-come in, Marse Magnate, come in. Oh, my bressed *Lor'"! I'm so joyed to see you. How is Miss Elesie ? She long o' you ? Come in !' 'No, Bob, I cannot come in. I am going straight on to the house. Elsie is not with me; she is at home, and welt ! I can't come in. I only called by to see you, my old friend, and to ask you if all were well at the house, and if anything now had happened.' All well dar, honey, 'deed dey is fus'.rate. Nuffin new, honey, 'copt 'tis Marse I'on gwine be marry to Miss Ambush Wylie to.zhorrow night.' 'Ah! Woell, I wrote to General Garnet to say that I was coming to. night; is he expecting me, do you know?' ' 'Deed he got the letter, honey, caze I fetch it from de pos' office my self dis mornin', an' de pos' marser said how it war from out yonder where you gone to. But I never hear General I'on say nuffin 'bout 'spectin' no one to the weddin', 'deed I didn't, honey. Let me run along to de house an' rouse 'em all up and tell ole marse how you've come.' 'No, by no means, Bob. Thank you, good night,' said Doctor Hard. castle jumping into the carriage. 'All right, he has received your letter, madam; but has not imparted its contents to anyone. Be is doubt. less expecting you momentarily; but as no one else is, your sudden appear ance would strike a panic to the household, suddenly roused up out of their sleep, or perhaps send them all shrieking from the plantation.' 'But, would not your presence by m?y side-they know you're alive-re assure them.' SMy dear Mrs. Garnet, they assisted atyour funeral twelve months ago, and seeing us enter at midnight together, will sooner believe me to be a second ghost, than you to be a living woman, No, my dear friend, you must veil yourself closely, and after I have got you into the house, pass quietly up to General Garnet's cham ber and reveal yourself to him. Here we are at last,' said Doctor Hardcastle, pulling up before the front door of the mansion. All was dark except a fitful light that gleamed and sunk, and gleamed and sunk, from the upper windows of General Garnet's chamber-as of a candle expiring there in the socket. 'It must be near two o'clock-yet he is still sitting up for me there,' whispered Alice, pointing to the flashing and darkening light. 'He must be alone, and have dropped asleep by that expiring light,' murmured Magnus, as he led her up the stairs to the front door. 'Now, courage, my dear friend. Re member that in me you have a pro tector near you,' whispered Dr, Hardcastle, as he fumbled about in the dark for the knocker. In doing so the door swung silently open-it had evidently been left ajar. They entered noiselessly. The hall was perfectly dark and silent; no sound was heard but the moan of the wind and' the heavy fall of the rain without. Now, dearest Alice, he has evidently left the door ajar that you might enter without rousing the servants, and make your way at once to his cham ber, where he awaits you. Go on yet! stay! I do not like the looks of this thing either. No one knows of your existence-no one knows that you were expected here; he awaits you alone in the solitude; silence, and darkness of deep night. No, Alice! I cannot let you go alone to his bale ful presence-I must attend you.' '1Not for the world, Magnus. What monstrous thought is in your mind? Does midnight storm and solitude raise such phantoms of fear in your strong mind ?P' 'Alice! bethink you! he is a man of fearful passions, yet of profound suble:y and secretiveneso. He be lieved you dead, and was about to be married. He finds that he has been deceived in your death, and that his own marriage is about to be ridicu lously broken off. He has imaginary injuries to revenge, and endangered joys to secure-both ends to be reached by one means. And more than all, he has the fearful temptation of fancied impunity. Alice, take care ! this open door-this silent house this lonely watcher in the solitary chamber-this deep night hour-and the expected lonely visitor. Alice, take care!' whispered Magnue. 'Horrible ! most horrible. You make my blood curdle. Not with fear, but with horror, at the monster in your imagination. You must not enter with me. I will go in alone. Follow, if you please to do so, at a short distance. I have no such dread ful fear or doubt. I tremble, it is true, but I should also tremble if, in broad daylight, a score of people witnessed our meeting. Come on, and remain upon the landing while I go in.' They passed silently up .the stairs, and Alice, more dead than alive really almost pale and cold as a corpse-reached the door of General Garnet's chamber, into which we must necessarily precede her, to de ecribe how passed the interval between the moment of his retiring thither and that of her arrival. On entering his chamber, General Garnet suddenly bethought himself of something-he could not exactly think what-forgotten. A strange absence of mind, temporary loss of memory, transient confusion of thought, had fitfully affilioted him all day long. He put his hand to his forehead and walked up and down in doubt and perplexity, then suddenly recollecting what he wanted he rang the bell, and when a servant, half dressed, appeared, demanded, impa tiently ' Anything from the post.office to day, sir ?' ' Yes, marser. Bob, he went to de post.office, an' fotch do bag ' 'Then where is it, you scoundrel? and why was it. not brought to me ?' stamped the master. 'De-ur.urur-' stammered the negro, in fear and perplexity, scratch ing his head for an answer. Sir!' thundered General Garnet. And the reply bolted from the lips of the negro as if thumped out by a blow between his shoulders. 'Ugh! Yes, sir! Yo wan't corned home when it 'riv, marser, an'. I hanged it on a chair by-.de liberry table, where you could see it when you comrned.' 'And if I had forgotten all about it, as I did, you scoundrel. Go and bring it to me. Vanish.' The man precipitately retreated, and soon re-appeared with the mail bag, which he placed in the hands of his master, who immediately opened, and turned out its contents. 'Only one letter! And that D-n!' exclaimed General Garnet, recognising the handwriting of Mag nus Hardca'stle in the superscription of Alice's letter. ' Here, you air! Come here! added he, hastily blotting out the superscription, and re.directing it. Come here ! Take this letter! By the ealiest dawn to.morrow, take it. back to the post.offtce, that it may be in timine for the mail. and tell the postmaster to send it back where it came from.' He tossed the letter towards the feet of the negro, who tremblingly ap proached, picked it up, and retired from the chamber. Left alone, he paced up and down the floor in troubled thought for about the space of an hour. All about the house was profoundly still; no sound was heard lut the mournful murmur of the wind and the dreary beating of the rain. The clock struck 12, and the strokes fell through the awful stillness of the night with pre ternatural solemni y. 'So late! and [ not yet-calm enough to sleep-fearing to sleep almost, lest I should never wake again, What is this? WLy now, does the solitude and silencs of my cham ber so affect-so appal me? The truth is I am ill !-mtsre be, or I should not be so weak. I did not kill her. No, I did not kill her I did not take any means to recovee her for hours ? Well, what if I did not? That was not murder! I let her die in her fit for want of assistarce? She might have died, anyhow. Why does her image haunt my bed, driving sleep thence? Oh, mise able weakness! Oh, cowardice! Wauld my bitterest enemy believe it .f me?-that I dread to look round ne, lest I see her face ? It is this thlt is my illness. Oh! doctor, can your irugs banish her thought? Pahaw! 'hey say nothing evil can come into the neighbour hood of innocense. Nettie! my Nettie is near me! inthe next room. Surely my reason winders. What evil could come nigh me? She was not "evil" on earth She is not "evil" in Heaven. She would not avenge herself if ale could. Qh, wretched drivelling! What am I talking of ? I am ill-I must be. It is illness that raises tlese phantoms of dread. And solitude mnd uncommuni cated thoughts and sorrows have caused this illness. lourage! This is my last lonely nigh. To morrow, and ever after to.morow, the cheerful face of that fair girlihall banish all such sickly fancies. i To-morrow, and ever after to-morrow But, to-night, I cannot rest at ali I-I will go and look at Ncotti sleeping, the innocence of alum'bering childhood shall disperse the cloud of devils lowering over me. Nettle! "The eins of the father slall be visited upon the children--' I dare not. No! I dare not noe. No! I dare not.' He dropped up~n a chair struck both hands to his forehead -whence the cold i sewveat oozed. He sat there, beedless, while the wind moaned around !the house, and the rain beat drarily against the windows. He sat there motionless until the clock struck oee, andthestroke fell like a knell. 3e started then, but relapsed immedir!soly into statue like stillness. The hour pased on, while the rain still .eat and the wind still moaned. The cindle burnid low in its socket, but he did noi h/ed it. It flashed, filling tl room w.th a strange brilliancy, a~d sunk, lhaving it in darkness, but he did nor hjed it. It flashed and darkeied, and fashed and darkened ever, but he dd not heed it.i SThe door swung open, but Le did not know it. Alice, hi lost wif? stood within, motionless, p ale, but he id not see her. She gazed Qt him- ?wing paler every instait-she lide towards him-she s~iod over him where he sat, with hii face bied in his hands-but he gave no gn of consciousness. Trembling, pje, and cold with fear, she laid her ic~hands upon him, saying, ina voice !t and hollow with exhausting emotid- ' Aaron; I have come.' He sprang up as if shot; s face ashy pale, his countenance hast hair bristling, eyes startin with horror, as he exclaimed 'Thensuch thinges are! Yhave taken form at last !-or else-es - it must be so-I am mad--m!--" Dashing his hands against t fore head, as though to shut out a lrible vision, he sunk back into his clr. Astonished, terrified, shudring, Alice approached again knel by his side, spoke gently, soothinn de. precatingly to him. But, ere she ceased speakis his hands dropped from his forehe5 his head sank upon his bosom, .higorm swayed to an fro an instant, a hen he fell forward, prostrate, at t feet of his wife. A succession of violent sams from Alice, brought Dr. Harstle rushing in at one door, and N , in her nightgown, flying in at the her. They gathered around the len man. They raised him, set hit his chair. General Garnet was aDEa ! ' • ' ' '. ', 5 After that, the wild shriekf a distracted child, refusing to om forted, filled the house of dea f(To B Confuued.) 'No, darling,' said a. mother to" sick ohild, ' the doctor says I mustn' d to you.' 'IThenoa; meanima,' boegged little girl,.' won't 7o? please read to yo If out loud P' 