FICTION. From Engtlih, American, and Otbar Periodical!. A SAVAGE SISTER. CHAPTER XVIII. WEAVING THE CUETAIS. I "We live in deeds, not years; in thoughts, not breaths ; In feelings, not in figures on a dial. We should count time by heart-throbs. -Festus. Eleven muffled strokes of the hammer from the handsome clock on the mantel, and Walker Paling started nervoußly, as though the gilded hammer strack upon his brain instead of intricate inner machinery of Time's representative. He was sitting alone at his dedk, with his manuscript paper and pen and ink before bim, waiting for the arrival of bia visitor. For he knew that she would come, and she came. The reverberation of the clock's hammer had not died away, when a light rap on the door of the sitting-room announced her arrival. He was certain that it was she as he arose to admit her. He had discreetly dismissed Downing for the day or until summoned, knowing that it were beat for him to receive her alone. She was his equal in height, and as the door swung back and she entered, her eyes met his levelly, and the latent fire within them startled him. He stepped aside, closing the door behind her, and, after the simplest courteous salutation, they passed together into his private room. She seated herself at once behind his desk, drawing a wrting-pad and pen close to her hand, utterly disregarding her bonnet and wraps until he gently removed them for her, when she glanced up indifferently. He knew that it would be useless to expostulate with her, and seated himself in grave silence. " It is as well that you were not prepared for me yesterday," she said, coldly, slowly drawing off her gloves, " for a long night's vigil has matured my thought and plans, and ripened suggestion to clear detail." " And your plot ?" he asked, as coldly as she had spoken, restlessly brushing aside the paper before him. " What is it, Olive ? I must have the outline beEore we begin." She laughed shortly and rather scornfully 1 as she dipped the pen in the ink and care- fully cleared all blots from it against the side of tbe cat-glass receiver. But she did not take her eyes from his face. " This story is not yours," she said, in- tensely ; " it is mine, Walker JPaling ! The great novelist shall have the world's honour for it, but in his heart he shall remember that it belongs truly to a woman, and to a woman who is trampled under his careless feet You shall be but my workman and build the fabric whose architecture ia mine. And when it is finished the world will cry that the blood was fire and the brain mad that could fashion euch a plot.; but we will laugh, knowing that is not true ! Were it possible, I would accomplish this work without the aid of anyone ; but this I cannot do, for the world would laugh at me and acorn my book. " You being a man and a novelist in favor, the work will be read as any weird book is read. It is not necessary to tell you the plot. That will develop as we go on. All that is required of you is to obey my will. It must be worked out strong and well, so as to meit the hearts of those who read it and win their sympathy. It must move them to likt deeds, or it is useless." Walker Paling would have given half his fortune to be free from her power, but he knew that he would finally yield and was helpless. What was his will before the steady, flaming eyes of this woman ? He was deadly pale, and at first his hand was weak as he took op his pen and turned his face leluctantly but surely to hers. But now that he was ready her interest seemed to die away. She sat with one arm resting upon the desk, the pen held ready for immediate use, but her face and eyes vacant as though life had died. Paling was familiar with this change in her at times, and betrayed no emotion save extreme attention to her look and voice. " Modena's ßtory is strange," she began by and by, not changing her expression or attitude; but her listener knew that the manuscript was started, and mechanically took down her words. A strange story, indeed, as it progressed under the woman's powerful influence and intellect, even this man whose work was pro- nounced first among imaginative literature, felt a half-vague horror upon him. Still he was forced to continue ; still his knowledge set her plot in strong colours, until it coloured his own brain, and he could scarcely distinguish whether it was her work or his own. Physical fatigue seemed impossible to her. She sat as easily, uttering in her softly modu- lated voice the words that were set down in ink under her companion's fingers, so to end in printed pages for the world to read, as though it were 'but the conversation of any ordinary day. It was not only a »trange story, but the manner of its composition was also re- markable. Paling knew it, but he was completely under her will-power, and even his horror of the mad romance could not deaden the fact sifting into his mind that he feared her. He believed that she would not hesitate to work evil to him should he successfully resist her mental power. Through the entire day they did not leave the room, did not leave their positions at the desk. The woman was appar- ently indifferent to physical weariness or the demands of hunger, and the man was pas- sively responsive/to her words and thoughts. At times she dm not utter speech, and yet he continued indefatigable BB though he were endowed with her will and mind. He had made no engagements, knowing that it would < be useless, and declined all invitations under the plea of pressing work, in consequence of j which they were undisturbed throughout thqt day. / . All night they worked on and still neither betrayed any sign cf fatigue, save that Paling was deadly pale and the woman's eyes were glowing with some fierce mental fire. For three days and nights these two worked on nnceaBingly. No meals were served to them. No one ivas admitted. She would allow nothing to come between her madly woven romance and her power over her fellow worker. As he grew physically weak from this fasting and overwork her will waa mar- vellous upon his mind. He hourly grew more and more possessed with the spirit of his work, and acquired a half-alive expressi on after that first day and night in the quiet rooms with his strange companion. Still he never seemed to tire, never to lose interest in the work that was to prove a marvellous romance-to him as real as life. When the manuscript was complete in rough outline, and the more trying brain work waa over, Paling was so thoroughly exhausted that he had not the power to rise from his desk, and the woman triumphant in her success, with her wonderful almost diabolical strength assisted bim to a couch, from which he did not rise save to be removed to his bed. Por two weeks be was like one in delirious fever, wild with visions of the brain, stricken with remorse for the work which he believed that be had done in place of the hero of their romance, who came to him in his illness as a ghost of himself and tormented him like a devil, always accompanied by silent, beautiful woman, with soft, snowy hair, and eyes of flame that burned into his soul the meaning that the lips refused to utter. For two weeks he remained in this dangerous condition bordering upon insanity, cared for untiringly by the woman and Downing, the woman refusing to admit any physician. " It is merely mental exhaustion" she said evenly to the valet, who respectfully but repeatedly suggested the expediency of sum- moning medical aid ; and she said this in her peculiar voice, with her eyes upon his face, and Downing acquiesced with strangebumility. He, and he alone, knew of the hours this quiet woman spent before that desk in the inner room, correcting, revising, and making perfect the first rough draught of the manu- script whose influence was so evil to her com- panion ; and, at such timeB be murmured bo himself, also knowing the delirious ravings of bis master, he would no more have dared dis- turb her than he would rouse a tiger. But Walker Paling recovered. Slowly, indeed, and for a long time only a shadow of his former self ; but he recovered. Recovered to realize that some powerful tragedy had en- tered into his life and lived in his blood, ready for the lifting of his hand to glow redly against that curtain that hung half-parted before his future life. The curtain was woven mutually by this woman and himself her plan, but his fulfilling ; and after near approach to death, he had returned to life, to take this work upon himself and weave the red in the warp. Not one word of this had passed between them. She had only uttered the plot of her romance, but the truth under the fiction grew, with the growing story, in his inner ornsciouB nesB, and he knew that she was dictating to bim her will, that it was he, and not the hero of her romance, who should set the tragic end. And still he knew that he could not success- fully resist her power. His friends sent tokens of their regard for bim in fruit and flowers and regrets for his absence from among them, but the fact of his illness was kept from them, and they believed him only engaged upon some pressing, im- portant manuscript. Downing was discreet and told nothing, and the chambermaid who came to attend to her duties was well paid for her silence, and any idiosyncrasy was permissible with such a litterateur as Walker Paling. To all this the woman was indifferent, so long as her work progressed and the world knew no more than was wise for it to leam. " You see that I am not like you ia en- durance, Olive," Paling said one day, as he was lying among the cushions of the conch, watching her as she was completing the closing chapter of the novel. " I have always warned you not to expect too much of me." " I expect nothing," was the cold reply, as the woman turned for a moment from ber work to meet his eyes, " but that of which I am certain. I knew that this work would be done by you, and it is done. As to endurance, you could possess it would you but have the faith and confidence in my pewer to grant it you. But no. Like those who have never proved the wonderful agency of the will and of invisible spirit«, you are too weak for great work. Were it not for me, this work that will make you famous would have never been accomplished." "I wish that it had never been done," murmured the novelist under his breath. But either ears were peculiarly swift to hear or she guessed his thought, for her eyeB grew suddenly flaming black with anger. " And ko you express your thanks," she said, in a strangely suppressed voice. " Have I endured days and nights of bodily pain and starvation that my spirit should be free from eaTthly thought, for you to turn upon me with your discontent P Do you think that I am doing this for love? I am doing it for a pnrpoBe, Walker Paling, as you know, and it is only through you that the end can be at- tained. But it shall be ! You shall not fail me!" A sudden wave of resistance surged npon the man. He raised himself from among the pillows, one hand clenched as though in that way to retain firm hold of his resolution. His eyes reflected the fire in her own, as he faced her. "Listen to me, Olive," he said, sternly. " I have yielded to your strangely superior will to this time. There is an end to all things--" "Not to the spirit," she interrupted, coldly, and her face and eyes seemed to con- tract with newly-iummoned power. "The spirit is indomitable, Walker Paling ! Look at the work that mine haB done !" " A devil's own work !" cried the man, fiercely. " No woman's soul is in yon, Olive ! Never from this moment, though you were one hundred times my wife, shall I submit to you ! Perhaps you think "-a sneer along the words, a fine scorn of himself and his weak will in his voice-" that because I have been so easily perauaded that I shall always be. But from to-day-and remember that I mean it-no word or thought of youri shall influence my work. Am I not a man, and shall my work not be my own ?" She laughed, and the sound was strangely unfamiliar. He thin lips curled in scorn. " Yon rave," she said, calmly, as she arose. " My work ig finished. I leave yon now. When you have sufficiently recovered from this poor, earthy, mortal exhaustion^ you shall complete the work by securing its publication. Then the end must come. I have not done this from love, but hate." He paled, his eyes still fixed, fascinated, upon hers. She approached and looked down upon him as he leaned among the cushions, and he fought desperately to reeist the power of her gaze. " I have no fear," she said, and her voice waB the old peculiar, far-away, softly modu- lated voice. " You shall still obey me, Walker Paling, and finish the work that I have given you to do. Until then I shall leave you, but remember that I shall know always what you do !" . She turned away perfectly quiet and cold and beautiful ; but the man among the cushions fell helplessly back, watching her away, a half-blur before his mind mingled vividly with her words of warning uttered that first day of their work- starting through this mental blur with startling distinctness and meaning, knowiog hor wish for him : " It must move tJtem io like deeds, or it is useless!" {To le continued.) 