f A MATRIMONIAL MISHAP. A LITTLE CIRLICS PERFOUIMANCE WITH A CALF. Y.-Y ELL, A-nna, I have made up my mrind to turn over a new leaf,' said Henry Wilson, as he moved his chair back from tiN dinner-table. "I think there s too much arguinin and fault-finding in this family, and I am ready to put an end to if f you iare." " With all my heart, Henry. If there is anything I thorou;ighly despice it is quarrel ling with one's husband. I ahways try to avoid it, but you are so unrea-;onable at times I can hardly keep quiet," and--- "Thatt's right, iMrs. Wilson, lay it to me. I do the quarrelling! I amn the hMack sheep ! I am the one note out of tule! And you-all you need are a couple of feathers glued behind your ears, a:d you would pass for a standard-bred ange!," he snorted. "If you would keep quiet until f get through talking, you might be able to handle your subjece with aus much volubility as a green parrot. I was about to say that at times I was at fault.' " Oh, then, you do not claim to be perfec tion ? In other words, you get a little ' ot ' at times. Mr. Wilson, I aln here to tell you that you are to blame for the whole business. From beginning to end-from top to bottom -from centre to circumference-from the day you were born until the present liour, you have been a little ' off," and the longer you live the more you get ' off.'" " How did you come to marry a woman so terribly 'off' as you say I am, my dear I" she smilingly ini;uired. " Marry you h" h owled. " I didn't marry you-you harried me ? You hung around me until I married you for appear- : ance sake." " I ges~ you must have forgorten when you camei. for min) answer, iho\ yonu got on your knees at my feet, and with tears in your eyes hbe:ged me io say " Yes,' or take I your life, as it would be utterly worthless wit hout miy lote." " Whew ! what a ;vhmia "er- I never said :':ch a thing--never did any such tihig. I was inot quite a bla:ed fool, if I was a lilttl spoo'ney." "OI, yes, you did ; and I can prove it, for p:a saw you, ' she replied. " Was that old rooste-r :ateilini me? I Z would like to have that old party men tion it to me." At that mometnt Bridget put ller head into the roa:n, saying: "Mrs. Wilson, that. foine Jersey calf of your p::'s s is loose, and is at the kitchen door this minute ; and it's going oi entoiricy he'll be if he:s not taken care o:-"' " His calf over in nmy lot, chl? .I will attend to the calf, Bridge. 'eow, Mhrs. Wiilson, we will have some veal ;'' and Wil son was on his fee? in an instant. "Henry, do not makie a show of yourecif, buti catch the calf :nd take it home." " Anna," , a:d Wilson, "you and Bridget slip out, this way and go round the house, so ti tit we can keep him in the corner, and I 'will go out of the kitchent door and take hiimi in before he knows how it was done." " Sure and Oi think we had better s:ha' in the house, or the calf will be killin' the two av us," suggested the discreet Bridget. "No, let us help. Pa Would not lose the calf for anything," said Mrs. Wilson. "All ready !" said Wilson, as hd slipped out of the door. The calf looked at him and begaun to pack away. "Comne, bossy," coaxed Wilson, holding out his hand. " Come, my nice little bossy, I won'' hurt you." The calf turned, kicked up his heels, and started to run. He was promptly scared back by the gee? ticulations of Bridget and Mrs. Wilson. \Vhen the calf again faced Wilson, he made a dash for his ears, but in the sculfle the calf changed ends, anti in a moment, more Wilson had him by the tail with both hands. "Hanig till him ! It's a good hould ye have nowr, if ye only stick to it," cried 1Bridget. The calf was leading Wilson around in a a small circle, and he was holding a onue-sided argument with the calf, like this: e ' Go it, old chappie! I have got hold of a you, my little friend ! Dig in your toe-nails, r my little daudy ! I have handled larger i cattle t, han you are ! That's right-try it Smagain ; but you haven't got away yet, have you ? " h" vhy don't you stop him, Henry ? What do you let him run that way for ? " cried Mrs. SW'ilson. e " Maybe you want some of this, madam? If you do, step right in here ;there is plenty : of roomn for aniothller hold. if you think you Scan manage ,this veal better than: I, you can Shave my place. In m:not runniung around here for my ihealth. \Whoop there ! no, you I dion't." Butt the calf did jus the saname. Re made a a square.turn, Iliand striking Bridget, knocked I her down, and the calf and iVilson ':assed r over her like a. gust of wind over the brow of a hlill. " I knew it was a tempting of Providence to come into the yard with the crazy baste !" Prideet growled, as she limpedl into the r house. " Brinog him back to the Igate ! What are l you leading him off that way four ?" called Mrs. Wilson.' "Whois doing this leading ?" lie gasped; as hie came whirling dlown the other side of Sthe garden, measuring twelve good feet at every stride. As they approached Mrs. Wilson, she Ssprang out, aniid flourishing liher apron wildly about and screaming with all her strength, she seared the calf so that he Sstopped as suddenly as though he had been turned to stone. Wilson's momentum was so great that he went overhim him with great velocity, and t drove his head into the yielding soil of the garden with a dismal thud. In a few momnents hlie staggered to his feet and began to claw the dirt from his mouth t and eyes. His nose was bleeding, amnd.a Sscratch from his cheek to the corner of his mouth marked the course a root had I traversed while he was making his tour Stowardsthe centre of the earth. As soon as he had removed enough of the d garden from his eyes to enable him to ,recover his power of vision, he began shaking his fist at his wife. It was some h time before he got breath enough to articu late a sound : but at length he gasped: 5 "Mrs. Wilson, if you ever again jump out in front of a calf I am leading, and go 5 through another lunatic performance like 0 that, I will not be accountable for the conse quences. There's alimit to everything, and 0 this is the twenty-sixth time you have got me mixed up in some of your foolish per formances, and then tried to murder me at e the tinish. Try it again at your peril!" he Sroared. " Did it hurt you,Henry ?" she asked. -" Hurt me? Oh no ! It doesn't hurt; to drive a man's head into the ground up to his hips, and stand there inverted and Seat dirt for thirty-six or forty hours? It I, doesn't hurt-it's only a pastime. Try it !" 5 "I thsought the calf was running away with you. i was only trying to stop him," Y she said, as she brushed the dirt out of his moustache. " Well, you stopped him all right enough; but never stop another calf that I am lead ain, that's all." "Shall I drive him around so you can catch him again, Henry ?" she inquired. "Mrs. Wilson, do you take me for a ten mile-and-repeat racehorse? Or do you want to run that infernal calf around so that you ean perform another heavy tragedy ? Not to-day, Mrs. Wilson. And if that dun Scoloured calf is not got off my lot in less than fifteen minutes, Iwill see how far I can a shoot duck-shot into it," he growled. S "I declare, Henry, 1 never thought a man a could step so far, And, goodness gracious! look at your tracks ! It looks as though a Smule had rolled at every place you put your footdown. But your foot always did make o a mark in soft ground." I Mrs. Wilson, I madso thes tracks,. 'h?y are my tracks, and they are on rmy gronnd. If you could work your hands half a." well as you do your mouth, you would be indispen sable-an invaluable helpmate to any "an!," he snorted. "I say, Henry, if you would buy a large white hab, and a pair of slpurs, yoi would be indispensable at a calf round up." Ho kicked up a till pail across the yard,t threw the axe at the pump, and went to the bhrl. 'T-tE BURGTLAR BAFFLED. fi~tl,. CALLAGHAN was busily engaged i.Jd in an inspection of silver-iw.r that seemed to interest him exceeilingly. He ex:anaine each article carefully, often stopping lon: . e.nough to test the particular object with his teeth, or even to bend it. At the same time, his actions were quiet and, one might say, reserved. He did not appear to care to be noticed. He was a rather tall young fellow, "care lessly dressed," as they say in novels, and had a pale face, like a student's. One might, indeed, have thought him a poor student, were it not for his eyes, which, instead of looking tired and dreamy, like a student's, were exceedingly active and rest less. On the whole, his face and his general appearance were not prepossessing. Indeed, the policeman on the beat most frequented by Mr. Callaghan in social life reported him at the precinct-house as "a general tough--suspicious." Mr.' Callaghnn, though very younii, had already learned the value of exceeding cau tion. hence he. was almost noiseless, and he inspected the silver-ware in the very mild light of a half-opened dark lantern. A h;ap.py smile played.around the corners of his face the while, fort the silver-ware he was examining_: proved to be of the finest and neo?est, antd bore the monogram of a famous Note York family, For that matter, the entire surroundings of Mr. Callaghan at the time were of the richest. The very side boa;:d it which. he laboured was worth a small fortune, and the cut -lass upon it Iciked very beautiful in the melhl w light. There were rich tints in some of the glass w:tre, nocasioned by their contents; but. Mr. Caliaghan did noit stop to examine them. Hle did not believe in drinking du:ing busi ness hours. The time was something after midnight. Mr. Callaghan was aroused from hIis pre occupation by a faint click. It sounded very much like the click of a trigger as a revolver is cocked. It was a trillo startling, but he did not lose his presence of mind. He faced around like a flash, and turned off the rays of this dark lantern. Ihe knew it was a-lost useless to take the latter precaution, however, for he was well informed, and he knew that in the house ofthe rici of to-day it required but . the piessing of a button to turn on a full stream of electric lights throughout- an entire floor. The udden burst of the light came, just as he expected it would, and as it did so ie heard a voice say Don't dare to move." He was more startled by the voice than he was by the sudden glare of the e ectric lights, for it was the voice of a yvoun girl. Mr. Calhaghanr blinked a few timei., took a good look, and then hli thin face broadened a t:ifli into a smile. At the other end of the roo:n stooda very aiale but resolute girl in a pfink wrapper. She held a little gold mounted revolver of :a calibre so small that, Mr. Callaghan, but for his natural politeness, would have laughed at it outright, anti she was bitin' her lip, for she was apparently very ner\vous. -.Thle revolver was poinlted in Mr. Callaghan's direction, but, alasl the hand that held it. was shaking perceptibly. Callaghan grinned. "Isn't it rather late for you to be out ?" he asked her. "Don't, dare to move," she reiplied. "I know precisely what to do. l'apa told me before he went away. I am going to sou d the b-:rglar-alarm, and have you arrested. Then you will be sent to State prison.' " \'ell," almost laughed iMr. Callaghan, "' why don't you do it'.' .I 'm waiting." "Because," she answcred, hcsitatingly "because you're standing in front of it." "Oh, am I ?" answered Ca:llaghan. " Then I'll move away. I always like to be polite to ladies." He moved away a few steps. She frowned a little bit. Then she said : " Excuse me, will you please move a little further away "' " Certainly," he answered. " Anything to oblige a real lady." She stepped towards the alarmn which Callaglian had not until then perceived, and stretched forthri her handl. She was about to turn tihe little handile, when Callatghan said, hastily: " Hold on ill minute. 1)o you t!hink that would be a nice tlhinsg rto do ?"' " Of course it woukil,:' sie answered. " Just tlhink about it a nmoment," Calla ghlan con:tinued. "If you do that, ill be arrested, andti sent up for fiftieen or twenty year-s. Fifteen or twenty years in a littia cell all by myself, withl no one to talk to andl nothing to do-except break stone fo' my hea!th. Now, I don't care i-ytiinthin abouti my.-elf. Of course i haven't done yo3 any wrong. I haven't got awary with the silver, and thci-efore there isn't ainy wlrong tdne you-is there ? I tried 'to, but you have got tile hbest of me, a.nd you'ni. an awfully brave little "irl to do it, too. But just think of yourcif during the next fifteen or twent.y years, ir you have me sent up. Every day you'll he thinking about the poor fellow "wiho·s doing time because you made himiand every night, you'll be lying awake crying because you imade him suffer so much for such a little thing, and every time thie minister in your church says anything aboot forgiving your enemies you'll be thinking he means you, and "- She broke in : "I think I'll let you go"-she said it very, earnestly. Callaghan laughed aloud. "That's right," he said. "'I knew you would, for I knew you were a lady the minute I saw you. I didn't lmealn what I said. Probably in a month you'd forget allabout me. No one remembers a fellow who's doing time but the police and the detectives. I was just trying an experiment. Do you think I was afraid you'd call tIhe police? Nonsense! Do you think I was afraid of your little revolver? Nonsenise ! I've been shot twice by real rievolvers. If you had tried to send the burglar-alarm do you know vwhat I'd have done.? I'd have made a quick jump for you, and I'd have had my hands about your throat before you could have winked. If you had fired the revolver, you would have missed me. Girls can't shoot." He said this last almost contemptuously; but he was sorry a moment afterwards, for he noticed that she was growing very white. and very frightened, too. Nevertheless, he continued: "And after I'd got my hands about your neck, and you couldn't scream or struggle or shoot, what do you suppose I'd have done ?" She did not reply. She could not speak. She was trembling violently. " I'd have--I'd have :'--he was embarrassed, and he actually blushed-Callaghan blushed -" I'd have kissed you," he said, with an effort, "and then I'd have gone away. But you needn't look frightened any longer. I ain't going to hurt you, and I ain't going to kiss you; for some day you'd be ashamed of it, and you'd be ashamed to tell-your sweet heart that Rocky Callaghan kissed you. And I ain't a-going to take anything that belongs to this house, although I could right before your eyes. I'm just a-going peaceably home." He started to walk towards the window by which he had entered. As he did so, how. ever, he looked at her critically,stopped, and said: " You're going to hold out just about until I'm gone ; then you are going to faint. I can't lgave you here alone in a faint, I'll .f __ it- 1 .. .. .... . I-fe wi.alker delibertel!v to the sideboard and poured out a as. ofr wine. "Hee." r:idl h'r "drin?e this, and then go ult:stnaihs toh bed :Is li'kick as yu can. I'll ok the . wmdo.rv ater I?go out."(' She tank the wine with a frightencl I 'Thimank youn." and drank it. Mr. C:laha n thnsi d iito leave. "That bri.ings the red back in yon: u cbeeks," he said. "It's a "ood thing when r not taken during business hours. Now I nm 'going. but I want you to reember that t I'm not afraid of tihe burglar-alarm or the 1 little revolver. I'm not going to rob you because-because you are so brave, and because you are so pretty. I sort of hate to t ma-'ke a failure of a job, :and I guess the boy.s wil guy me a bit for it; but you are too 1 pretty." Saying which, Mr. Callaghan climbea ninhly throhio h the window and disappeared. -: clper'.s aWeklqy. MANAGING A BABY. As the Michigan Central train was com ing to Detroit one day last week there was a baby on board that cried for two straight hours. It was not a cry of teething or colic, but just, the whining squall of an infant vixen that wasn't going to be suited any how. The passengers on that car could neither sleep nor read, and at last a red-faced old gentlelman turned to the mother and said: "Madam, if you would stop trotting the life out of that young 'n it would let up sereaming.." "I guess I know more about babies than you do," snapped the mother. " Well, all I've got to say is, I've raised eight, and the whole caboodle of them never made as much noise as that one," he retorted. " Perhaps you would like to try your hand on this one. If you can stop him it's more than I can do." " Give him to me, madam, and in ten minutes he'll be as quiet as a lamb. I've seenl worse children many a time.: He winked at the other passengers as he reached out his hands for the baby. "Tootsey'wootsey turn," he urged, and the infant opened one eye to look at him. while it stiffened like a poker, and roared louder than evir. "If you will step into the next cac so that it won't see you," said the obliging traveller, "I can hush him sooner. He'll be all ri ght, ma'am, don't you worry." "I won't,"'said the woman thankfully, as she resigned the squaller and disappeared into the next, car. " H-n-s-lh-h, stop now, little fellow; ride a cock horse to Banbury cross, there was an old woiden sb-sh-sh--let go of my hair, you little wretch !" The baby had tangled its fingers in the chin whiskers of its new friend, and was pulling them out by the roots. "Stop that noise," howled the passengers in chorus, " or give that kid back to its mother." He would have been very glad to have acceded to either of these requests, but the mother was: gone; and the baby was increasing its music every minute. " XWalky-walky, pet?" he asked in a voice like calliope ; "' hush, my dear, lie still and murder! Won't, somebody go after its motller:' But nobody would stir. They all wanted to see him manage that caby. When the conductor called "Detroit" and the train slowed into the depot, a wild eyed man, coatless and disheveiled, was tearing from one end of the.train to the other, while the baby screamed over his shoulder. " 'll take him now," said a mild voice, and as its mother aplpeared, th:at child stopped howling; a cherubic smile dimpled its face, and it looked as if it had never shedt a tear in its life. But its volunteer nurse was a complete wreck. KILLING THE BARBER. . DETRoIT hals a barber who if talking had never existed would have invented it, and still he is an excellent barber with a good patronage. Since' last Tuesday evening, however, he has been wc:uing acountenanee of gloom and dis.rpaintment, and some of his friends" thilnk he is contemnplatint suicide. At seven o'clock of the eveniling mentioned a man evidently from Chicago came in, and relmoving his external integunments took a chair. " Shave, sir ?" inquired the barber, get tingl his implements ready. " Ce.'t:.inl," responded the customer, fi:ing himself comfortably. "1 haven't been shaved for thr.ee days ow-ing to the fact that ;everai days auo, in response to an invitation ii flon a mai w'hom I kiVow only slightily, havinr met him but once or twice duriinr his trips to Chicago on business in which we were both interested. I went over here iintr a back county of Canada about fifty miles from :amy railroad station, in a section of countrmty -whe'e there weren'ti any razors except those the bho"s wore on theih Ibacks, anid I haven't been able to slide my c thi agailst inyithing sh-arner th:n a Can adi'n zephyr t'enutyv deigrees below thile ice notch, and thle conisetquence has beon that I have hi:d a growth. of bristiles that I think if my wife shliould rin. her face against on my return to my niative villag'e would give heI such a siock that she wouldn'it let me come near her ugain for the 'ext six 'nonths, orat least untiil I hadl .promnised her faithlfully that I never would I:t myself get, into such a conlitio1n - oain, even if I went into the wild.s of Africa, where I suppose a:mans whiskers in tile luxuriant climate of that latitudle would grow to such a thicket of hirsute s'ubbiness that there wouldn't be any way of cultting them, unless he imported a douiole strength reaper and mower with reinforced knives in order that there mighn t not be any mistakes in the accom plishment, of the job for swhich it had never been designed but for which, thanks to the excellence of American manufacturers, it would readily adapt itself in an emergency of this kindl, plrovided it. were in the hands of a competent and-efficient person who knew exactly its capabilities and was conversant with the proper methods of its application to-You ain't though, are you ? Idon't want any shampoo, haircut, or anything else. How much ? Fifteen cents ' Here's your money,." and slapping oni his coat and hat he bounced out without giving the barber a chance to say a single wprd. ONSCE WAS ENOUGH. A Yovca gentleman who lately left his home in England, having exhausted his credit, telegraphed to his parents: "Your. son was killed this morning by a falling chimney. What shall we do with the remainsY'" In reply a cheque was sent for £20, with the request, "bury them." The young gentleman pocketed the money and had an claborate spree. When in a condition for writing hie sent his father the following note: "I have just learned that an infamous scondirel named Barker sent you a fictitious account of my death, and swindled you out of £20. He also bor. rowed £10 of me and left the country. I write to inform you that I am still alive, and long to see the parental roof again. I am in somewhat reduced circum stances, the accumulations of the last five y'ears having been lost-a disastrous stock operation-and if you wonld only spare me £20 I would be ever thankful foryour favour. Give my love to all." Afew days later the young man received ithe followirig dignified letter from his out raged parent: "My Dear Son,-I have buried you once and that is the end of it. I decline to have any transaction with a ghost. Yours in the flesh, FATHER.:' Too Expensive.-Jack: "Edith, will you have me? The heiress: "Thanks, Jack-I can't affoid you." The Japanese have astonished the Yankee\ by applying for no less than 124,000 square icet of espace at the Chicjao Exhibition ,. 