Children's (Eclumn. THE AVENGING HORSE. A MEXICAN SUl'liRKtlTlON AND lTij INTJ.JKE.STING ORIGIN. One day as the freight tram running fro n San Francisco to San Jose rambled around a sharp curve jost outside the City of S»n Jose, a white horse sprang oc the traok and raced down toward the town in front-of the engine. For a mile tho train did not gain on him. Then the unequal footiag of the erossties and the pace began to tell on the white steed, and the engine crept s-lowly up to hini. The engineer gave a few shrieks of the whistle to scare the horse from the track, bat he kept right on in front, running with the speed of a racer, with his long tail streaming in a' straight line behind him. The engineer saw a stock gap iB'front half a mile away, and again pulled the whistle. The horse simply let oni a lew links and went OH. The engineer got mad. He pulled the throttle open and went after the white phantom at-a thirty -milegan hour dip. He was- a bare hundred feet behind- the horso when the animal reached ,, the stock - - -•-- gap and plunged in v - - among the open ties and fell.- Ihe pilot struck him, ground the life out of him w an instant, and then ploughed into the dirt on the opposite side of the track. The engineer swore a few choice oaths and jumped out of t e cab. The horse was dead as a- dbor nail, and the engine had left the rails. "Another suit for the Company," aaid-the conductor as he came up. " How did you- do it, Jim?" "Oh, I don't know," answered Jim in' a surly way. " The brute got on: the track and just stayed there till I struck bim. He waspossessed of the devil, I guess." They had to send to San Jose for the wrecking engine to put the train back on toe rails, and while they were waiting a Mexioan roda along the road beside the track. lie pulled up' his broncbo to seethe wreck. "Caramba, senor," he exclaimed, turning pale and trembling, " it is VasqusK-s horse.' And he mounted his pony as quickly as possible and sped off down the road. _ i ** "Who fmm the thp nrsr duece fnahurp-i is Vasquezasked w cnt.a Dushonhj^l Jim, from the way that Greaser got a push him self you'd think we'd killed a ghost." " if that's Vasquez' horse as tho Greaser said, you have killed a Mexican ghost," said the conductor, and he walked over and looked at the dead animal lying under the front wheels cf the engine. It was Vasquez' horse. The whole country knew it the next day. He was twenty- years old and totally blind when he met his death in front of the freight train, and for ten years had roamed over the unoccupied land about the lower part of Santa Clara County free as a bird and feared by the Mexicans more than a lion. He was called by them the "white devil," and it was their belief that he was possessed of a soul mortgaged to the evil one—the sou! of Vasquez. It is a strange tale that the old Mexican mothers teil of this white horse. Vasquez was the most noted bandit of the early days of California. He bid defiance to the law, eluded the detectives and searching parties for years, and killed and robbed half a hundred men. He roamed rl m-or over thn the Sts,tp State of California from the north to , l^vL,; » the south, leaving - desolation and death in rounded himself with a band of desperate Mexicans, and terrorized entire communities. Lone travellers bv day and by night wera stopped cn the road and relieved of their cash, and often of their lives. A quiet village ontbe San Joaquen Valley would be awakened at the dead of night by the rush of sounding hoofbeats. Timid men would pull the covers about their heads and shiver. Next day the i)rincipal store in the place would be found open, the safe robbed, valuable goods taken, and the guardian, if it had any, dead with a bullet in his head or a knife wound in his heart. Vasquez had been there. Cne day the stage was rattling down the road from one of the mountain mines. The Wells-Fargo box was heavy with bullion, and half a dozen armed guards sat in the coach. The driver sat on the box with a Winchester between his knees, and chatted with another guard who sat beside him balancing a shot-gun across — his lap. * They were talking of Vasquez. T - , « , , " They say he aliens rides a white HOSS. and dresses like a dandy, said the driver. V\iBh t he'd jump ther gun-site stage onofc when the boys is aboard. Two horsemen, dressed in the tinsellei Mexican cavalier costume, rounded a turn n the road just in front of the stage, and came riding toward it. One of them bestrode a white horse. They cantered up. The man on tbe white horse went to the right and his com- X>anion to the left of the stage. Suddenly they reined up. " Pardon, senor ; will the senor give me -a light for me cigarette V' The driver good-naturedly pulled up and leaned over from his seat with the big cigar which he was smoking extended between, his fingers. He was met with a snap shot straight in the brain, and tumbled headlong into the dust. At tbe same instant the guard lurched and fell forward under the horses with a ball in his forehead. A dozen men sprang -from - tho underbush beside the road and shoved the - onetferlidT ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ on either side. . Taken by surprise, not a weapon w^drawn by the guards. Ihe strong box was lirtea trom the boot, the men inside were -disarmed wmle the robbers' rifles stared them in the eyes, and then the merry company, with many jokes, Arciece tWr would hnv for their about the dresses they wouia ouy lorineir senoritas, mounted the horses that were lea. out of the woods and rode away, he on the white steed humming a bit of someold Spanishlove song to the time of his horse's step.. It was a dreamy August afternoon in- Southern California when the Mayor of. Los Angelos and a fellow-official -were driving, along the old sand road through the .Arroya Seco toward the town. Over the brow of -a hill half a mile in front of them a group of horsemen appeared at a gallop. They swept down the hill and met the buggy of the Mayor. The galloping horses were yanked back, upon their haunches, and a swarthy Mexican: upon a white horse shoved a pistol in the Mayor's face and said, with a show of his teetn in a smile, " Your money, senor I" . The Mayor thought - it was a joke aadi laughed. "Quick, quick!" Eaid the horseman,as- his v . . . f eapoa clicked; "I am Vasquez. t The Mayor laughed again, "Esf you don't belisf me, senor, look: A Ha pointed back to the hill, and there- apearcd another group of horsemen riding at A F <'! 'ilt from the town. n C "Quick !" said "Vasquez; ' I.am-no fooL The Mayor looked down tho. pistol barrel t t the pair of blac*, glittering ews that lined m tie""sights,"and " " putup his - hands, Ha was ightened of his chamois bag of, gold. as was &friend;,"and the bold , robbers wheeled , ^ and were off ~ at a run, the posse from tbe town riding up five minutes too late to catch them q or to save tie Mayors com. Tba band escaped into tha.chapparel. Vasquez made history in. this way for five yeais and then.was caughtlike a rat- in a trap in a 'dobe house near the scene of tae robbery of the Mayor, and was shot down by a newspaper correspondent detailed to accompany the search party. He survived his wounds, was taken to. San Jose, where one of his earliest and mosS atrocious murders had been committed, sad there met his fate on the scaffold. And aow- for the horse. Every time the rebbera appeared oae of thom, the leader, would be mounted upon a white horse. That he had a wcrld of sjjeed was shown in the way that be would gallop, away from the rest of the gang when they were pursued. The horse was hitched behind the house when Vasquez was.ihofc. " — j One r of the capturing —1 "i*-it™ party tried j™ 1.:, to take him and was severely o^ren ior nis cupidity. 1 he horse bro^e away, wen. caiee^ iog off towards the canon where Vasquez haa sad his rendezvous, and was lost to sight. The nigho after Vasquez was hanged white horse galloped up the street to the gaol, stood a sioment at tbe door, and gave a neigh. The Mexicans heard in it a ca'il to the dead Vasqufz. There came no answer to the horse's challenge and he wheeled about and -went as suddenly as he came. Then ho turned bandit and followed Vasquez's old trails. Once in a while a man wonld be found on the road with his body frightfully mutilated and bis flesh bearing the marks of hoofs. Sometimes in the night a white horse would appear show himself the horse would attack him with hoof and teeth, and it was seldom that a victim escaped. Time and again he was shot at, and one Mexican buck was foolhardy enough to try to rope him and met a horrible death. The horse bore a charmed life. He becarse almost as great a terror to the Mexicans a3 Vasquez had been to the rich Americans. If by chance a Mexican's pony got out of the oorral and wandered off in search of grass, the white norse 1 would find him and enlist him. First ee had ' one foliewer, then two, then half a dozen. Ao man could kill them, and no man dared to | attempt to capture them. With no loads upon \ their backs they were fleet as tho wind and rould outstrip the A « best horse '--J— with a rider. «iwu:<._ The Mexicans named the leader the "White Devil," and eaid that Vasquez &ved; again in his horse. As the years went by and Vasquez became a memory, ana his exploits the theme for r-hilHren'K fitraips. stories, the P White YVfeitn Devil TV-vil lost Ins* his companions. His visits to the vicinity of the little towns became less and less frequent, and then ceased altogether. At long intervals a Mexican would ride in with a report that hq had seen the White Devil in some canyon among tbe hills. Even these reports leased, and few Americans of the latter dayj in California had heard of bim until the freight lra ! n killed the wfiit« .hor-.f*,- Th« Africans , (nine for mile* to !•*>!< :<t liim. -All «if ttieia : liiic.w him, at. taast tfe«y fStfd to, Msd tlmy ra- j hpf-cted him su'iicienSly tt> Jocfr »t Iris' dead \ I ody from a distance. j .When he was dragg»vj : from' txracuth 4?ie i engine by the trainmen a; .iiorse .docSar. looked . nthint. He was a Uiaguitr-;.ut luaguitr.-nut iinmmteveii unmml even m in ' A death, and the veterinary sanl — Ithat i m he han'hpwhi i»d'been • stone blind ior years. Va- r -qiu>:'.' deeda are history the story ef tihe White Devil IN a Mexioau mliwrstitiws — Detroit l rcc 1'rct«. 