STORY PAGE. A LIFE FOR A LOVE A Stopy of To-day. ' By T. IMCE J5LQE. Author of "Soamp and I," "Castlo Mary," " Beforehand," " Daddy's Boy," &c.; Add Queensland Rights Rebebved. JVNOPSTS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Ohaptebb I. to III. — Gerald Wyndliam, the son of tho rector of Jowabnry-on- tke- Wold, and brother to a number of doting sisters, is on tho eve of marriago to Valontino Paget, tho daughter of tho head of a firm of hip brokers. There is a mystery about tlio engagement, for Gerald whon left to himself says, "I'm not tho first fellow who hus sold himself for tee sake of a year's happiness. Tho day after to- morrow Val will bo mine. A wliolo year I My God, how short it is. My God, save and pity me, for aftorwurds comes hell." Chapters IV. to VI.— The story of the first meoting and subsequent courtship of Wynd- ham and Valentino is narrated. Mr. Paget invites Wyndliam to visit him at his office. He does so, and whilst waiting to see him ho ie struck with the appearance of a clerk named Jonathan IIolps, who looks at him mysteriously and says in a whisper, " If I were you, young man, I'd go." On being asked what he means, he says, "I know the old houso. I'voboen hero, man and hoy, for 40 years. Sound ! The house is ns aound as a nut, or as an upple when it's rotten at tho cere. In his subsequent interview with Paget, the latter tells him he has taken a fancy to him. and will give him Valentino on certain conditions. He must pay a price for tho sake of a brief joy to himself, and for her lifelong good and well-being, and then he would rise to ho licr equal ' in every sense of tho word. These mysterious words ero interrupted by the appearance of Valentine herself. Chatters VII to IX. — On tho invitation of her father Valentino consents to marry Wynd liam, notwithstanding that sho has conceived in affection for another, Adrian Curr. She eonsonts to this stop in order to relieve her father from embarrossmont. Tho ongagoment between the two is then made public, it being understood that tho day on whioh Wyndhom is married ho enters tee shipping firm of Mr Paget as a partner. CHAPTER X. At this period of her life Valentine was certainly not in the least in love with the man to whom she was engaged — she dis liked caresses and what she was pleased to call honeyed words of flattery. Wynd- ham, who found himself able to read her moods like' a book, soon learned to accom modate himself to her wishes. He came to see her daily, but he kissed her seldom —he . never took her hand, nor pnt his arm round her slim waist; they sat together and talked, and soon discovered that they had many subjects of interest in common — they both loved music, they both adored novels and pootry. "Wynd- ham could reed alond beautifully, and at these times Valentine liked to li» back in her easy chair and steal shy glanceR at him, and wonder, as she never ceased to wonder, from morning to night, why he loved her so much, and why her father wanted her to merry him. If Valentine was cold to this young man ehe was, however, quite the opposite to the rector of Jewsbury-on-the-Wold. Mr. Wyndham oame to town, and of course partook of the hospitality of the houso in Queen's Gate. In Valentine's eyes the rector was old, older than her futher — sho delighted for her father's sake in all old men, and beingroally a very lovable and fascinating girl soon won the reotor's heart. ' ' I'm not a bit surprised, Gerald,' the good man said to hia son on the day of hia return to hia parish duties. . 'She is a wilful lass, and has a spirit of her own, hat she's a good girl, too, and a sweet, and a young fellow might do worse than lose hia heart to her. Valentine is open aa the day, and when she comes to me as a daughter, I'll give her a daughter's place in my heart. Yes, Valentine is all rigljt enough, and I'll tell Lilias ao, and put her heart at rest, poor girl, hut I'm not so sure about Paget. I think you are putting yourself iu a very in vidious position, if you will allow me to say so, my boy, coming into Paget's house as a sorb of dependent, even though you are his girl's husband. I don't like the sound of it, and you won't care for the position, Gerald, whon you've ex perienced it for a short time. However —oh, there's my train — yes, porter, yes, two bugs and a rag — I mean two bags and a. rug— here, this way, this way. Dear, dear, how confused one gets! Yes, Gerald, what was I saving ? Oh, of Course you'ro of age, my. hoy, you are at liberty to choose for yourself. Yes. I like the girl thoroughly. God bless you, Gerry; come down to the old place when ever you have a spare Saturday.' The younger Wvndham smiled in a .very jgrave fashion, saw to his father's creature comforts, as regarded wraps, 'newspapers, &c;'., tipped the porter, who had not yot dqno laughing at the reverend gentleman's . mistake, and left .the station. He hailed a cab and ..drove at once to his ' future father-in-law's business ad- ' dress. Hia was quite at home now in the big shipping office, the several clerks regarding liim with mixed feelings of respect and envy. Gerald had a gracious way/with everyone, he was never distant /with- his fellow-oroatures, but there was also a slight indescribable touch about him whioh kept those who wore "beneath him in the social scale, from showing the smallest trace of familiarity. He was sympathetic, bnt he had a knack of making those who came in contact with him treat him as a gentleman. The, clerk 8 liked "Wyndham, and with one exception, were extremely civil to him. Helps alone held himself aloof from the new- comer, watohing him far more anxiously than the other clerks did, hut nevertheless keeping his own connsol, .and daring whenever ho had the oppor- . tunity to use covert words of warning. On his arrival, to-day, . Wyndham eent a message to the chief, asking to see him . as soon as convenient. While he waitod , , in the ante-room, for in roality he had little or nothing to do in tho place, the door was opened to admit another visitor, and then Adrian Curr, the young man , whom Valentino had once spoken of with \- adjniration, stopped aoross the threshold. Tho two young men were slightly : / 'acquainted, and while tbey waited they ; chatted together, Carr was a great contrast to Wyndham — he was rather short, hut thin and wiry, without an atom of superfluous flesh any where— hiB shoulders were broad, he waB firmly knit and had a very erect carriage. Wyndham, tall, loosely built, with the suspicion of a Btoop, looked frail bcBide the other man. Wjrndham's dark gray eyes were too sensitive for perfect mental health. His face was pallid, hut at times it would flush vividly — hia lips had a look of repression about them — the whole attitude of tho man to a very keen observer was tense and watch ful. Carr had dark eyea, closely cropped hair, a smooth face but for his moustache, and a keen, resolute, hold glance. He was net nearly so handsome as Wyndham, beside Wyndham he might even have been considered commonplace, but his every gesture, his every glance betokened the perfection of mental health and physical vigour. After a few desultory nothings had been exchanged between the two, Carr alluded to Wyndham's engagement, and offered him his congratulations. He did this with a certain guardedness of tone which caused Gerald to look at him keenly. ' Thank you— yes, I am very lucky,' ho replied. ' But caa wo not exchange good wishes, Carr ? I heard a rumour somewhere that you also were about to be married.' Carr laughed. 'These rumours are always getting about,' he said, : ' half of them end in smoke. Iu my case you yourself de stroyed the ghost of the ohance of suoh a possibility noming about.' 'I? What do you mean?' said Wyndham. ' Nothing of the least consequence. As matters have turned out I am perfectly heartwhole, hut the faot is, the only girl I ever took the slightest fancy to is going to be your wife. Oh, I am not in love with her! You atopped me in time. I really only tell you this to show you how much I appreciate the excellence of your taste.' Wyndham did not utter a word, and just then Helps came to aay that Mr. Paget would aee Mr. Carr ior a few moments. Carr instantly left the room, and Wyndham went over to the dusty window, leant his elbow against one of the paneB, and peered out. Apparently there was nothing for him to see. The window looked into a tiny square yard, in the centre of whioh was a table which contained a dish of empty peapods and two cabbages in a large basin of cold water. Not a soul was in the yard, and Wyndham, staring but, ought in the usual order of things soon to have grown weary of the objects of his scrutiny. Far from that hie fixed gaze seemed to see something of peculiar and intense interest. "When he turned away at last, his face was ghastly white, and taking out hia handkerohief he wiped aome drops of moisture from his forehead. 'My master will see you now, air,' said Helps, in a quiet voice. He had been watching Wyndham all tho time, and now he looked up at him with a queer significant glance of sympathy. ' Oh, ain't you a fool, young man ?' he said. . ' Why, nothing ain't worth what you're a-gwine through,.' Is Carr gone ?' asked Wyndhom. ' Oh yes, sir, he's a gent ab knows what he's after. No putting his foot into holes with him. He knows what ground he'll walk on. Come along, sir, here you are ' Helps always showed Wyndham into the chief's presence with great parade. Mr. Paget was in a genial humour. When he greeted tho young man he actually laughed. 'Sit down Gerald; sit down, my dear hoy. Now you'll never guess what our friend Adrian Carr oame to see me about. 'Pen my word, its quite joke — you'll never guess it Gerald.' . ' I'm sure of that, sir. I never guessed a riddle in my life.' Something in the.hopelesstone in whioh these few words wero uttered made Mr. Paget cease smiling., to re continued to-uomow. 