HAMLET" ON THE STAGE. In view of the appearance to-night of Air Walter Bentloy as Hamlet, a note on some of the famous impersonators of this character in tho past may prove interesting. From Shakespeare's time down to that of Fcehter tho actors who achieved moat celebrity in the part wcro only 15 in number, although thcro have, of course, been many Hamlets of lesser note. Nor does this list include tho names of such modern Hamlets of distinction us that of Henry Irving in England, Edwin Booth in America and Tommuso Sal villi and Ernesto Rossi in Italy. The first stage Hamlet was Richard Burbage, the greatest actor of Shakespeare's day. Born about the year 1566, he was tho original of a dozen of Shakespeare's characters on the stage, in chiding Shylock, Richard III., Romeo Henry V., Othello, Lear, Macbeth, Coriol. lanus and Hamlet. Burbage, like 'Gnrrick and Kean, was short in stature, and at the time when Hamlet was brought out had become somewhat corpulent; hence, appa rently, the line in the last act of " Hamlet,' spoken of the Prince by Queen Gertrude, "He's fat, and scant of breath." Unfor tunatcly no record of the manner in which Burbage acted Hamlet has come down to us, a fact which is to be regretted, inasmuch as the actor was instructed in tho part by the great dramatist himself. Of his fame in Shakesperean interpretations there is, how ever, no question ; and of all these imper" sonations liis Hamlet takes highest rank. The second Hamlet of note was Thomas : Bcttcrton (1635-1710), the leadingactor of the Restoration. He played chiefly under the management of Sir WilliatnDavenant, who is to bo credited with the introduction of proper scenery and costumes to the stage. Better ton, who first played llamlet at the afe of 27, instantly 44 elec trified his audience" in the character. Thereafter the tragedy was frequently re vived, with Bcttcrton as thcPriuce, and with such success that its financial record was not equalled at the time by any other produc tion. Collcy Cibber, in his m.istcrly 41 Apology," a book which is full of admirable criticism on the art of acting, has left a graphic word picture, too long, unfortu nately, to quote in full, of Betterton's Ham let. Bettcrton's first scene with the ghost was particularly impressive. He opened it with 44 a pause of mute amazement ; then rising slowly to a solemn, trembling voice, he made the ghost equally terrible to the spectator as to himself, and in the descrip tive part of the natural emotions which the ghastly vision gave him, the boldness of his expostulation was still governed by decency, manly, but not braving, his voice never rising into that seeming outrage or wild defiance of what he naturally revered.' Bcttcrton, whose Hamlet was characterised by filial tenderness and dignity, created no less than 130 characters during his long and honorable career. His successor was the illustrious David Garriek (1716-1779), who first acted' Hamlet iu Dublin inj the summer season of 1742, having for his Ophelia no less a person thuu Margaret Woflington, whose name was taken by Charles Reade and Tom Taylor for the heroine of 44 Alaska and Faces.?' The popularity of the young Ham let in the Irish capital was extraordinary. The people were infected with the 44 Garriek fever," and this Hamlet of 26 was dubbed "Roscius," an affectation which did not turn the youthful player's bead. The Dublin verdict was endorsed by that of London. Garriek, like Bcttcrton, made his greatest eflect in the ghost scenes. 44 When lie first saw the vision the fear with which lie seemed to be filled immediately communicated itsplf to his audience. His expostulations, though warm and iznpcra. live, were yet restrained by a filial awe. The progress of his impassioned sensation until the ghost beckoned him to retire was ac companied with an admirable mixture of terror and reverence." A characteristic of Garrick'a Ilauilet was the note of filial piety struck in the first scene with the ghost. He was also excellent in the various soliloquies making liis greatest eff ect in the speech com mencing 44 O, what a rogue and peasant slave am I." Garriek's pathos in the conclusion of Hamlet's exhortation with his mother was also particularly fine. 44 Davy," who was perpetually endeavoring to improve Shake speare, made a wild and wonderful version of 44 Hamlet." Among other things lie com pletely whitewashed Laertes and lie expunged the characters of the gravediggers and young ; Osric. Laertes was also at first provided with a dying speech, which was so well re. ceivcd by the audience that it was speedily transferred to Hamlet. Garriek's Hamlet was followed by that of John Henderson (1747-1785), familiar | in stage history as the 14 Bath Roxius." j Henderson, as Shylock, successfully chal lenged comparison with Alacklin, bub he is most famous for his Falstalf His Hamlet, nevertheless, had its good points, chief of which was the exquisite music ot iiis voice in the apostrophe 44 the fair Ophelia." But the Garriek worshippers would liave none of him as Hamlet. They found fault with him for throwing away the portrait of his uncle in the famous scene between the Queen and Hamlet, and, again, for retaining it, after the dissertation pn the brothers. Nor did lie manage his liat properly on seeing the ghost ! Bub his most heinous offence lay in the famous closet scene, in which he did not upset the chair according to tradition. 14 Mr. Garriek sir, always overthrew the chair," complained the adherents of the great little man. George Frederick Cooke (1756-1812), who excelled greatly in other characters, was a complete failure aa Hamlet, who was converted by him into 44 an unpolished, obstinate, sar castic madman." The three Kctnbles — John Philip, Charles and Stephen— all tried Hamlet, the moat successful of the trio being the elder, John Philip (1757-1823), who) thanks to the influence of his sister, Sarah Siddons, made his lirst appearance on the boards of Drnry Lane Theatre on September 30, 1783, as the Dane. Kemblc's Hamlet in those early days was 44 too scrupulously graceful." In later years LTazlitt was moved to unusual admiration of his impersonation : — 44 There lie was, the sweet, tho graceful, the gentlemanly Hamlet. The scholar's eye shone in him with learned beauty ; the soldier's spirit decorated liis person ; the beauty of his performance was its retro spective air, its intensity and abstraction ; liis youth seemed delivered over to sorrow. Later actors have played the part with more energy, walked more in the sun, dashed more at effect, piqued themselves more on the girth of a foil ; but Kemblc's seusiblc, lonely Hamlet has not been surpassed." Kemblc's Hamlet was eminently scholarly and intellectual, but too studiously graceful and too cold to be entirely effective. Stephen Kcniblo, who was so obese that lie played Falstnfl without padding, occasionally attempted Hamlet for his benefit, when the lines, 0, that this too, too solid ffesli would molt, Thaw, and resolve itself into a dew, provoked tho smiles, rathor' than the sym pathy, of the audience. A famous Hamlet of tho early part of the century was Charles Aluyiic Young (1777-1856.) His great hits were made in the intensity and vigor of tho play scene and iu the fencing scene. His scenes between Hamlet and Ophelia and between Jlainlot and the Queen lacked tenderness. Edmund Kean (17871833) played Hamlet at Drury Lane for the first time on Alureh 12, 1814, having two months previously Baved the theatre from ruin by his magnifi cent performance of Shylock. His Hamlet cannot take rank with his Othello, Shylock, or Iago. In several respects it was the traditional stage Hamlet, in many scenes the virulence of liis llamlet was out of I place, and in others, notably in the last act, where he exclaims 44,Tis I, Hamlet, the Duke," he wanted force. He created a fino effect iu the scene with Ophelia, at tho end of which Kean used to return from tho very I extremity of the stage, take Ophelia's hand, kbsi it with tender rapture, look mournfully upon her with eyes full of beautiful signifi cance, aud then rush oil" the stage. Aiae- ready's Hunilet was monotonous, harsh and revere; successful only iu the play scene. Charles Komi's Hamlet was careful, and polished, but painfully lachrymose and extremely slow. Fechter was ineffective in the play and closet scenes, making liis best hit in tfiu .scene with Ophelia. Sympathetic, delicate, handsome, and with )ong( flaxen curls, quivering, sensitive nostrils, line evo am! sympathetic voice, lie perfectly repre sented the graceful prince, out ho did not j touch the tragic stop in his rendering of j Hamlet. ' 