E cECTro Gossi?.-Matters concerning the forthcoming annual shire elections are rather quiet, but it is stated that Mr. J. Draffin will not contest the seat for the Central Riding, having an eye to the works' overseership. Mr. T. Downie is likely to be a candidate, as also Mr. H. C. Jones, but neither gentlemen have as yet definitely announced themselves. It is said that many of the country electors' consider- they should be represented at the Council table, and some out at Hazle wood and Jeeraling have gone so far as to vow that if they cannot secure a represen tative they will seek for severance. For the East Riding the contest is likely to be a duel between Cr. Lawrenson and Mr. E. S. Whittakers, Mr. J. Widdis having made up his mind to retire. If this be so, the fight will be a hot one, and the result doubtful. Mr. Whittakers is well-know at Loy Yang, where he will poll heavily, but Mr. Lawrocson has proved such an energetic and able councillor during his brief term of office, that he is bound to receive considerable support, as many con sider he is entitled to a longer trial. Mr. W. West announces that he will be a can. didate for the local auditorship. RECEIPT AND PAY OFFICE.-The follow. ing accounts are awaiting payment at the sub-treasury :-J. Bermingham (2), P. M'Ewan, R. Andrews, J. Aitken, C. Stammers, A. Cameron, Widdis Bros., E. Montgomery. Morwell.--J. M'Connell, Wilson and LeggS, J. G. Ludwig, J. H. Buckley, S. White, D. T. Laller, L. Ilorrocke, E. Cleary, M. Carr, W. M'Nabb, P. Murray, Rosedale Shire Council, E. Yeats. OnITUARY.-The friends of Mr. J. D. Laidlaw will regret to hear that he has sustained the loss of his father, who died on Saturday last after avery short illness. The deceased gentleman was a very old colonist, and owned both Ampithestre and Lake Wallace stations, situated in the Western district, where he was highly respected. Mr. Laidlaw only received word of his father's illness on Friday, and at once set out on his journey to Avoca, but did not arrive in time to see his father alive. The funeral took place on Sunday, and was largely attended. MUNICIPAL INDEMNITY BILL.-At the request of some of the suburban munici. palities of Melbourne, the Government have decided to introduce a Municipal Overdraft Indemnity Bill this session. The excuse on this occasion is that by doing so the municipalities can anticipate their revenue, and so provide work for the unemployed. The system is a most per nicious one, and under no circumstances should this bill be introduced every year. It simply permits thoughtless councillors to squander the revenue, and very often throw the burden on incoming couuncillor The same claims will require meeting the following year, and another effort have to be made to induce the Government to bring in a bill again.. So the farce goes on. Better allow the councils to present a clean balance sheet at the end of the municipal year than to be continually anticipating what little revenue they have got. gounel EETINGxo.-A meeting has been called for this eveniing in the Mechanics' Institute to take steps to alleviate the distress which at present presails in Mel bourne. Several other towns have takdn the initiative already, and we trust there will be a large and representative gather i;g. If the account. in the metropolitan journals can be relied on, a great deal of want and misery at present exists in Mel bourne, and it is the duty of every one to assist as much as thcy possibly can. At the same time, indiscriminate assistance would doubtless do more harm than good, and whatever is decided upon by the meeting,one thing must not be overlooked, and that is, that tie money or goods raised in the district be consigned to some person or persons who have a thorough knowledge of the localities and people to whom they purpose giving aid. Endeavors should be made to seek out those who suffer in silence, and would rather starve than make their wants known. There are plenty of men and women who are ever ready to parade their poverty 'before the eyes of the world, but if work was abundant, would decline to do it: such folk require looking after, or they will become State loafers. Scaoo. FESTrVAL.-A prize exhibition, sale of gifts and entertainment is an nounced to be held in the Temperance Hall,'Traralgon. on Wednesday next, In connection with the Wesleyan Sabbath School. The hall will be open from 2.30 till 5, and:from 0.30 to 10 p.m. GOVERNfsENT AUDorrO.-Mr. Chas. P. Nind hits been appointed Government auditor for this and other shires, in place of Mr. Peters, who recently died in Sale. It will thus he seen that Mr. Morkham has speedily fulfilled the promise he made to Cr. Lawrenson to appoint an auditor at once. THE POST-OFFICE CLOCK.-The con tractors for the Post-office clock were engaged on Saturday and Monday in placing it in position. The dials and hands are now on, and we shall speedily be able to know the time. The figures and hands are of brass on a dark ground, and can be seen at a considerabledistance. PARTNERSHIP ANNOUNCEMENT. - Mr. Jas. Campbell, who is well known in this district, has entered into partnership with Mr. J. S. Milligan, grocer. Full par ticulars concerning the change will appear in our next issue. THE DEAD ALIVE.-A woman waited on two benevolent ladies in Melbourne lately, and told them her husband was lyingdead in a certain house, and she had no means of burying him. The ladies called and finding the place unlocked went in and found the corpse laid out. The breaved wife was absent, so they placed some money on the table to provide for immediate wants and left. They had not gone far, however, when they returned for a parasol left behind. They walked straight in, and judge their astonishment when they saw the corpse sitting up counting the money. It is to be hoped (says the " Advertiser ") Mr Rintoull's labors will meet with a better reward than this. MEETING AT WUnRUK.-On Saturday evening a meeting, convened by advertise ment, was held at the Hunt'Clnu Hotel, to consider the conduct of Cra. Peudlebury and Burton, members of he Rosedale Council, re railway matters, with a view of asking those gentleman to resign. It will be'recollected thatat the last meeting of the Rosedale Council these gentlemen voted against Cr. Crooke's motion, to set aside a previous resolution carried at the Council table, and for this' they were taken to task. The meeting was poorely attended, and we gather from the "Times" was not -at all unanimous. A motion," however,. was carried to the effect that Crs. Pendlebury and Burton be asked to resign from the Rosedale Council. lication issued by the Board of Viticulture of Victoria, under the auspices of the Agricultural Department, has been re ceived at this office. The previous works complied by Mr Shillinglaw were on en sliage, perfume plants and essential oils, viticulture in Victoria, and wine making and cellar management. The book now before us gives the minutes of the proceed ings of the Victulture Board, experts' re ports on the Great Western and North Eastern districts, and an article entitled "The alcoholic strength of Victorian wines," by Mr. Percy Wilkinson, with tables setting forth the names of growers and strengths of the various sorts pro duced in the severaldistricts. Under the heading "Wine shows, 1291.92" are given the names of the prize winners in the wine classes at all the principal shows of the colony, the information being interesting to all engaged in the industry.- A very readable article is one on the market for Victorian wines, certain remarks on this subject made by Mr. Hans Irvine at Great Western being fully given. Other articles on various viticultural 'subjects appear, the book being a valuable contribution to the literature of vine growing and wine making in Victoria. PROSPEROUS PROSPECTORS. - Messrs. Phillips and Speakman returned to Wal halla on Tuesday last after another pros. pecting tour of six months. In January last (says the "Chronicle") they paid a visit to Walhallh and returned after staying about a fortnight in the Toombon district, where they-had had an encourag ing trial crushing from a small vein on the abandoned new Toombon lease. On their return they immediately commenced work from where they had previously obtained 120ozs. of retorted gold from 35 tons of stone, and although the work has been tedious and extremely trying for a couple of men only, they have been successful in raising 33 tons of atone which realised the very well deserved return of 187ozs. of retorted gold. The gold referred to which has been on view at the Bank of Victoria duinig the week, has caused much attraction to visitors, more especially those interested in pro specting our undeveloped and deserted outside leases and who should take a lesson from Messrs. Phillips and 5peak. man; who although comparatively young men have opened out abandoned nuri ferous country under extreme difficulties. Accident..-Mrs. Robert Buntine, of Meadowbank, Denison, met with a pain- ful accident at Wurruk Wurruk on Satur- day morning last. The lady, who was accompanied by her son, Mr. Walter Buntine, was being driven into Sale, and when about a quarter of a mile from the neighbourhood mentioned a stoppage was made on the roadside for the purpose of giving the horse a drink. On pulling up Mr. Buntine's attention was drawn to one of the winker eyes, which he noticed was loose and open, and fearing the horse would take fright, he was attempting to get out of the trap, in order to adjust it, when the animal bolted. Mr. Buntine was immediately pitched into the water and escaped with nothing more than a wetting, but Mrs. Buntine fared much worse, for after the horse had travelled at a furious pace for two or three hundred yards she was thrown violently on to the road. Assistance was quickly at hand, and the injured lady was conveyed with all haste into Sale. The full extent of her injuries was not ascertained until Sunday, when Dr. Reid, of Sale, and Dr. Buntine, of the Melbourne Hospital, who made a careful examination, discovered that no bones were broken, but that their patient was severely shaken. Mrs. Bun- tine is, (says the "Times") progressing favourably. The horse's bolt was cut short by the vehicle coming into contact with the Kilmany fence, and the force of the collision was so great that the post was split from top to bottom, and the buggy smashed into splinters. PLANTING OUT.-The season for plant ing out Fruit Trees being now fully in, we would remind those wanting trees that they can purchase guaranteed Apples, Plums, &e.;, for 10s per doz.; Peaches, Apricots, &c.;, 12s per doz., through Mr. H. D. Lawrenson, Seymour-street, Traralgon, who is agent for one of the .best Nurseries in the Lilydale district, and will be glad to send on orders for the coming season.--(ADr.) BRIQUETTES. - Some briquettes made from German coal by maclines of the class which Messrs. Bloomfield Bros. are importing, are to be seen burning at the offices of that firm, Prell's-buildings. The briquettes are of a size to suit the ordinary f fire crates, They burn with a bright clear flame, like wood, and half-a-dozen of them give out great heat- more than would be required in an ordinary room. Thd Victorian brown coal is stated to be I1 of better quality th?in that found is Ger e many. It is expected that the briquettes can be produced so as to be delivered in a the suburbs of Melbourne at 100 for 1s, or e 20s a ton. At that price they should iprove a most popular fuel. The machine which is being imported will turn out 100 tons a day, or from 30,000 to 40,000 tons °a year. It will be erected on one of the mines in Gippaland, but the site has not ° been selected yet. A number of samples of coal have been sent to Germany, but a the report as to which is the best has not yet been received. FoornALL MATCHEs.- A tean from Warragul travelled to Bairnsdale on Fri day night to play a match for the premier ship of Gippsland. The game, which is said to have been a rough one, took place on Saturday, and resulted in a win for Bairnsdale, who scored 2 goals 10 behinds to 1 goal 6 behinds by Warragul. In the metropolis some important and exciting matches were pilayed on Saturday, the chief of them being between Essendon and t Carlton, where after a rough and some what unpleasant game the match ended in a draw, each side scoring four goals. Essendon had all the best of it during the first half, and Carlton were just as superior in the second. The match between Gee long and South Melbourne was the sur \- rise of the day, South Melbourne by 0 superior goal-kicking, winning by seven goals to six. Melbourne beat Richmond rather more easily than was expected, and Fitzroy and St. Kilda scored heavily against North Melbourne and Williams town, Grace, for Fitzroy, getting. seven " goals out of twelve scored by his side. The match between Port Melbourne and s Collingwood was won by the former, I which leaves Port Melbourne, St. Kilda and Footscray exactly ev'n in points for 1 first place in the second division. NEW COACHBUILDING ESTABLISHMENT. I next Milligan's, Princes-street. All des criptions of work done at Lowest Rates I Coachbuilding in all its branches.- First class smith always on the premises.-J. MAYZE, Proprietor.-ADVT. Saddlery ! Saddlery F. A. Shiells is the Cheapest and Best.-[ADVT.] Thomas Francis has been gazetted a trustee of the Moondarra cemetery. The train which formerly left Traralgon for Sale on Saturdays at 9.10 a.niu. has r been discontinued. J. Thompson, the economical under taker, and Cabinet tMaker, Seymour-street Traralgon.-ADVT. We are requested to direct attention to r Messrs. W. D. Leslie and Co.'s new listof prices for drapery, &c.;, which appears in our advertising columns. The Albert Park railway station was i broken into on Friday night and the two r safes, containing nearly £300, taken away t and rifled of their contents. - Mr. A. J. Hart reports having sold to I Mr. Thos. Drane 312 acres ofland situated t at Loy Yan., on account of Mr. J. B. STait, it a satisfactory figure. a A fresh case of small-pox is reported r from Sydney. The victim is agirl named Taylor, about five years of age, who with her parents was a second-class passenger t by the Oroya. The Misses Crang desire to intimates that they arecarrying on the dressmaking aBarden's establishmeot,'corner Franklin a and Princes-streets.-(ADn?v.) -Mrs. J. B. Mills, wife of the manager of 5the .National Bank at Portland, died suddenly early on Saturday morning at the Victoria Coffee Palace. The lady had been suffering from heirt disease. Among the assets set down by an insolvent in Sydney lately were "two hundred satin ties, five dozen pair of gloves, and a great number of pants." On the lot theassignee realised is Gd. The voters' roll for the new Morwell Shire now being-prepared by Mr. J. M'Coull, will only include those names which appeared on last year's rolls of both the west riding, and the portions severed from the Narracan shire. " The shareholders in the Colonial In vestment and Agency Company Limited at an adjourned extraordinary meeting on Friday carried a resolution in favour of voluntary liquidation, as the company could not by reason of its liabilities continue its business. " Warragul's requirements" is the head ing of all article published in the local " Guardian " lately. We (" Punch ") gather from a cursory glance at it that the chief requirement of Warragul is a brass band. Some people never know when they are well off. Mr. Alfred Smelcher, Toombon, has been appointed deputy electoral registrar for the Walhalla division of the electoral district of Gippaland Central, and the Heyfield division of the electoral district of Gippsland north, vice Thos. Coffey, whose resighation has been received. Some idiot or other has been playing the "ghost"at Elsternwick, and frighten. in women and girls out of their lives. Efforts have been made to capture the culprit, but have proved unavailing, as the person is astute enough to keep clear of any men and only appears before unaccompanied women or girls. The subject was referred to at the Caulfield council meeting last week, when Cr. Sharp mentioned that a number of women had been seriously frightened, in fact one lady had died partly owing to a fright. It was decided to offer a reward of £10 for the arrest of the culprit. The Budget Speech which the Treasurer, the Hon. Sir Graham Berry, will deliver immediately after Parliament re-assembles is looked forward to with unusual interest I now, especially by commercial men who are naturally anxious to learn the nature of the new duties which are to be imposed. I That the Treasurer will have to make the unwelcome announcement that he has to face an enormous deficiency everyone re alises, but we can onlyspecculateas to the sources from which the Goverment pro Spose to obtain the Custom House. In this connection, it may be remarked, that the first duty upon British spirits was levied in England in 1660, but it was not until a century and a half later that the impost was at all generally collected in Scotland. The first distiller in the Highlands lwho took out a license for his distillery swas Mr George Smith, ofGlcnlivet, and from that time, it may be said, dates the history of the world-famed whiskies which now bar the labels of Messrs Andrew Usher & Co., who have recently found it necessary to appoint Messrs Blake & Riggall, of Mel bourne, attorneys under power to take proceedings against any person infriuugin Usher and Co.'s labels or the trade marnk of their whiskies. The O.V.G. and" Spe. cial Reserve "qualities, which are the only ones now shipped to this market, have been so much adulterated by unscrpulous vendors of late that this warning bas be come necessary for the protection of the public. It may be remarked that Messrs. Andrew Usher and Co. hold the largest stacks of whisky in the TJUnited Kingdom, and they have an enviable reputation for preserving consistency in quality. On the principle that "good wine needs no bush " their whiskies are self recommending. At the last monthly meeting of the I Country Fire Brigades Board, the mem bers, disregarding the usual business paper, went at once into committee to devise ways and means of reducing ex penditnre. After a discussion lasting for several hours it was decided to inaugurate a general scheme of retrenchment in all branches. As a commencement the positions of secretary and chief officer to the board are to be merged into one, and the gentleman at present holding these positions will in consequence he asked to send in their resignations. By this means alone it is calculated that a saving of some £600 a year will be effected. The district superintendents at the three principal centres, Bendigo, iallarat and (Icelong, will be dispensed with, and the administrative expenses, by a'general cutting down in all branches, reduced from £1,480 to about £770 per year. After passing a sum of £1,500 to cover the quarterly allowances to bri gades, the board adjourned for a fort night. Good Bear Skins wanted at once. Cash. All kinds Furred Skins, also Horsehair and Beeswax bought.-Apply, F.. A. SI.LLS.s, Saddler and harness Maker, Seymour- treet.-[ADVT.] 