ITEMS OF SPORT. 1 1 ORIGINAL AND CRII5REI). 9 (Bt the m Bird o' Freedom " Staff.) I _ Frank Jordan, the Amorioan light-weight | jockoy who was offered a rotainor of J5200 a I yoar and regular pay for_ winning and losing | mounts by Trainer Matt' BurnB, of Marcus I ' Daly s stablcR, says that ho will not accept. I " Why," said tho youngstor, Bpcaking of it tho other day, " I can innko more" inonoy than that fishing." A oountry editor in Missouri has returned to Mr. Williams, of Indupondouco, Iowa, a complimentary ticket to tho racos, donated last yoar, with the nolo : " Dear Sir, — I used this comp.' last yoar at your track during tlio August wook. Accopt thanks for tho same. It is all I have to show for .£200. Happy Now Yoar I You ueod not send mo ono f»r 1892. Yours truly, Retired Sport." It is roportod that a peculiar disease has broken out among tho horsos in La Sallo County, Illionis. Nino horses have djed upon ono farm, fivo upon nnhthcr, and the death of one or two on a farm is geuornl. Tho disoaso first manifests itsolf in the frogs of tho horso's feet, tho frog swelling and becoming much inflamed. Tho disordor thon travels up tho legs, which swell ns it advances, and when it \- reaobas tho body tho animal dios iu great , agony. Tho question, "can a mail look at a horso and bo a christian P" is ausworod thus by tho Gate City " Well, that deponds. ir a man is only a littlo bit of a Christian, has roligiou put on badly with a poor gluo, ho miglitioso it in a crowd at ahorse-meo, especially if ho bot on the wrong horso. But if ho Ins Uio root of the matter in him ho will bo liko tho old prophet who watohod tho driving of John —just as good a man then and thoro as evor." A sensation was caused at St. Louis (A.) on tho 17th tilt, by tho running of a horso callod Caddo, that ran away from hiB field in tho InBt race, and about whom a heavy commission had- boon negotiated. His owner acknow ledged tho horso's namo was Caddo, by Steol Dust, out of an unknown darn, but tho knowing onos swoar ho is Post Odds, d well- kuown spriutor owned by tho Tcuncssoo Stable. Ono of tho reasons why many farmors can't got boltor prices for their horses is that they are not woll broken. Thoro is always a demand for good, sound, thoroughly- broken horses. Many an indifforont animal is sold for a good prico, chiefly on acoouut of his good qualities. Almost any horso onn be so broken that his value will be much increased. Tho fanner' and breedor may as well have this increased priae as the middloman. Broak your horso to load, and offside doublo, siuglo to cart, top buggy, &c.;, toaoh him to go to tho steam cars, streot cars, &o.; London Truth snys that Lord Marcus Boresford is acting very wisely in sending Ordor to bo sold at Now York, for consider ing tho outragoous sums which huvo boon paid thero for Simon Magnus, Loyalist, and Rossingtou this horse ought to realise a vory high priae. Ordor was bred by tho Duko of Westminster in 1888. Ho is by Bond Or — Angelica, the dnm of Blue Green and Onne. l Order was heavily engaged as a yearling, being a very good- looking colt, but he mot witli tut accident which stopped his training, so ho never started. Scrubs abound on ovcry side, slab-sided, barrol - lioaded brutes, a mongrel animal, ueitbor ono thing nor tho other, and they are „ thero to stay. So long as farmers size a dollar as big a3 a grindstono, and patronise " tho eight or ton dollar stallion, tiicy desorvo to hava barnyards filled with unsaleable brutes. Let thorn pay a decent foe for tho sorvico of a well-bred sire, and whon thoy have a well-bred, sound young horso for salo, thoy won't require to drive ovory few day3 into a neighboring town, anxiously looking out for a buyer to come along. Whon thoy \- raiao tho right kind, tho buyers will bo per fectly willing to do all tho hunting. Tho .. man who is satisfiod to koap on walking in (v the old beaten path deserves bad luck in his horse-raising, and lots of it. The following is a fair oramplo of the great responsibility that rests on a distant judge : " In 1837 tho writer was starting judge at Poughkeepsio in a raco in which thoro wore five competitors," says " Griffin," in the Amorioan Turf, Field and Farm. "In the first heat the hay gelding Eph became badly tangled, and at the finish was cloarly behind tho flag, according to tho observations | of all throo of tho judges, and behind by 8, sovoral longths. The fiold not being largo, I it was easy enough for tlie jndg03 to note I what liis position wo3. The distance judge I roportod that his flag fell on Eph's tail, and , 1 that ho was not distanced. This statemont 1 was bo far at varianco with tho opinion of | tho judgos, when they came to comparo | notcB, that the official up the traok was sent I for again, and roiteratbd his former state- | inont. After a littlo discussion, tho opinion 1 prevailed among tho judgeB that they should 1 depend upon the report of tho distanco judgo' I in spitcof the vordiet of their own oyes, and I the boat was awarded to Jesse, with nono dis- 8 tauood. There was no grumbling whon Eph 8 wasallowod to start in tho second heat, and the judges wero, doubtless, influenced by their opinion, which all present scorned to share, that the horso had not tho ghost of a ! clianco. Yottho raoe, and it was fur a purso of ISOOdol, was protracted tp soven boats, and was won by Eph, who, iu point of fact, should have boen shut out in the first heat, I tuid would have boon but for nn overstrained 8' reliance upon tho report of tho distanco I judgo, and a gross injustice to tho other I horses and tho public, to whioh I oonfo3S i myself, though unintentionally, particeps | crimint8, was perpetrated." The overhead olinok-rain is refined and stoady torture,- not only for the strain back- . ward of the nock, but because the horso can not see tho ground on whioh ho is stopping. Tho swaying of his head from side to sido is evidouco of his trying to iind roliof. " 1 shall novor stop raoing until I win an American Derby," snys Colonel J. E. Pepper, tho Kentucky turfman. " I had ono of them won with Blno Wing onco. Peoplo will re- mcmbor tho race. My hoy wns lying along- sido Bon Ali, t.hinkiug ho had only liim to boat. Isaac Murphy, who was on Silver Cloud, seeing an opening and noting that a slow pace was being sot, out looso and opened up a dozou longths in a hundred yards. Bhio Wing could not quite got up nnd was just hoaton. It is proLty tough to loso a raco by bad jockoy.nhip, but I'll laud an American Dorby yot." ,It should ho the policy of a man who raises a horso to got as inncli for him as possible, and it will pay ovory man who has a horso to sell to fit him especially to pleaso tho buyer. - Tho majority do not study tho matter of sailing horses ndvantageously, and in conso- quence of this the man who docs is in a measure able to avoid their competition, and to place his produce iu a more commanding position. Then, too, the chqnees of securing a buy or uro much hotter with the" moro attractive horso. Few men can soo merit in tho rough," but everybody will see it when iu . attraotivo forin. An export in driving gives thiB bit of caution In hitching to tho waggon a curious mistuko is often made witli the breeching. How. many times you will seo a driver trying to got a littlo speed out of his horso, that is obliged to go hitching and hobbling along simply because ho is tied up so tight that ho cannot spread iiiinsolf. When standing and tho truces are straightened, there shpuld bo u bout room onoiigh for a small hoy to crawl through between tho horao and breeching strap. Ho will thon carry you further and faster and do it with loss effort, there boiug nothing to fret him." Mr. William Day, admittedly ono of tlio most successful trainors of the day. Bays ; — "For tho stud or miming I should prefer modorately-sisod horses, about fifteen hands one or two inohos high. A really good big horso is probably bettor than a really good small ono ; hut, as a rule, yon may get fifty good small horses for ono good largo one, and tho former will and do run woll after tho latter has boon put to tho stud. A good big horao may boat a good littlo ono over a short courso, or ovon a mile or so, hut I think at . throo or fonr miles a good littlo one would beat tho boat big ono I ovor saw." A jookoy'a oliargos for riding formed tho subjoot of investigation by tho magistrates of the Kyneton (Victoria) Polico Court on Fri day lost, wiiou Daniel Brazil, a well-known cross-country ridor, sued John Hart, owner of Saturn,-n . well-known racchorso, for certain fees which the jockey allogod that Mr. Hart owed him for riding. Tho total elaiinod by Brazil was made up of several items, but tlio most remarkable part of tho claim iva3 that tho jookoy wanted not only -his .£5 for a winning mount, but 15 per cant, on the stake in addition. As Mr. Hart's horso usually won only mo do rate, stakes, from 15 sova up to 50 sovs, ho thought tho oliargos somewhat excessive, and refused to pay. Brazil urgod that it was always understood, though it might not bo explicitly agreed upon before hand, that a jookoy should reooivo a certain percentage in addition to his winning fee when ho won, but Sylvester Casey, tho jookoy, and othor riders expressed tlioir opinion that tho ' winning fco was as much as a jookoy could expect for such races as those whioh Brazil had won for Mr. Hart. Tho magistrates dis- rnissod tho cash without costs. Tho rules of racing, it may bo mentioned, do not recog- niso anything in the shapo of a percentage to winning jockeys, but simply stnto that in tho absence of any special agrooment, the. foe to a winning jockey shall bo J65, and to a losing jockey .£3, and that no further charge, except fur oxpensos, shall bo allowod. " Phcoton," tho well-known Auckland writer, says: — " H. Harrison, pi-Brute traiuor to Major Goorgo, returned to Auckland by tho s.s. Tekapo, nnd I need sosrccly say that since his arrival ho has had to undergo a vory groat amount of handshaking, as tho result of the braco of victories which ho scored for the Auckland sportsman at Flomiugton, with Reprisal and Tho Workman respectively. In the courso of a short chat, Harrison told mo that lie had Reprisal in . gveatcr.niak than iio ' laid ovor previously boon in, aud, basing liis opinion on the manner in which The Workman (who was greatly inferior to Reprisal) ran over Fortunatua and Tho Harbor Light (tho second and third in thu Nowmarkot Handicap) in tho Farewell Handicap on the concluding day, ho is inclined to think that, had Roprisal oscoped tlio serious iuterferenoo lie uiot with from Creinorno, ho must have troubled Wild Roso, and that thoro would appear good ' grounds for this view, ample proof is furnished by tho fact of Roprisal slipping ovor the last six furlongs in the Placo Handicap in tho lightning-like time of lmin ldjsec. llarrison tolls mo that Roprisal was regarded as a great bargain at 50!) guinoas, and boforo the son of FirstKinglef t the ringMr. Soutball was offored and refused an advauco of 100 guineas on the prico ho . paid for tho littlo chosnut. With regard to Tho Workman, Harrison says that after tho colt was passed in at a resorvo of . 1000 gnincas sovoral overtures wero made to Major Goorgo, and had that gentleman shown any great desire to do business, tho fonr figures' would not liavo stopped one Victorian sportsman. Major Georgo dotorniinod to lcavo Tho Workman in James Monaghau's hands with a viow to fulfilling his engage ment iii the Doucastcr Handicap of 1000 sovs, to ho run at Kandwick next month, after which Harrison slates that ho will be brought hack to Auckland. Harrison speaks iu glow ing terms of tho treatment lie reocived at tho hands of tho Victorians,- and. as in New Zoaland.it is very plain that ho contracted many friendships amongst tho members of tlio Fourth Estate by his froodom from that triokory which is so markod a oliaraotoristio insomo of thoso who follow the training pro fession; Dan Roarly, who is well known in tho Northern District ,arf a gooil hursumau and a clovor trainer, has a very nine filly by Splon- . dor learning the rudiments of her education just now at tho Volunteer Hotel, where lioarty has two or threo spare boxes. Some horsu-owuor could do worso than givo him a trial. Wo havo to aoknowlodgo receipt of " Cen taur's Index," containing tho performances of horses cngagod in the Doncaster Handicap nnd Sydnoy Cup, nominations for tlio St. Loger, scalo of woight-for-ngo, list of winnors of big vacas, &c.; Tlio little book is a won derfully handy compauiou for sportsmen. "Vagrant" writes: — " Everyono who is aoqnniulcd with tlio well- known jockey Jamos Gough was both puiuod un-.l 'surprised to lotirn that ho had boen disqualified for twelvo months for tho peculiar manner in whioh he had steered Hurrah in the City and Suburban Handicap at Rosohill. .Gough had comn to be looked upon as one of the straightost of Aus tralian hoi-samou 03 he is certainly ono of the host, and it was a pity that ho was oouglit tripping, thongli I belie vo if the circumatanobs of -the case wore fully known it -would be granted that Gough was after nil not so much . to blame. For tho young follow'8 snko I hope the Rosohill stewards will look at his mistako moroifnlly. What are " thodshos of cricket?" It would seom reasonable eiiongh to refer any ono seoking information on apoint connootod with tho game to tho E-irl' of Sheffield ; yot wo understand that that estimable nobleman has himself been making enquiries as to thoorigin and prooiso meaning of the phrase. A Mel- bnurno ooutomporary made use of it, reoontly undor an evident impression that it roforrod to tho supposed decadence of tho game, and tlio tumpoi-ni-y failure of public interest in mntchos. Some who ore clear ns to tlio meaning of tho expression havo osoribod its authorship to London Punch, just as any anonymous old joke is fnthorad upon Sheridan or Sydney Smith, a modern one upon Air. W. S. Gilbert. — Advertiser. A few yoai-8 back thoro wore 3evoral clubs in New Zealand that could bonst af n handi cap to which 1000 sovs were added, but tho wavo of depression that swept ovor tho colony caused most of tho olubs to curtail thoir stakes, ami tlio Canterbury Jockoy Club is tho only ono that has proved strong enough to koop their principal handicap (the Now Zealand Cup) at tho figure statod. Howovor, an agitation is going on in Wanganui for tho raising of the stake to tlio Cup to 1000 sovs, and if the finances can stand it wo will pro bably soe tlio race plaoed in its former posi tion. It may. not bo generally known that to tlio Wunganai Jockoy Club belongs the honor of boiug tho first to iii3tituto a handicap of 1000 sovs in Now Zoalaud ; and, bearing this in mind, it will afford no small amount of . pleasure to find that plucky institution again , in n.position to adorn their pi-ogrammo with a \- raoo of that value. Tho London Pink Un says : — Prince Ru dolph, tlio son of Prineo'Cliarlio and Hoster, has awakened to find himself famous. This grand looking and grandly broil horso, after being practically buried in Yorkshire for threo years, owing to tho craze against doscondauts of tho champion- roarei-, has boon brought south to Cobhain, to occupy Blair Athol's bid box ; nncl — presto ! — closo ou 20 subscriptious for him have boon, taken in 10 days 1 Tho reason, of courso, i3 that tho l-ccont big purchases for America have oponed men's oyos to th(j fact that thoro is fashion in tho States as well as iu this coun try, and that Priuuo Charlio blood is at the very top of fashion there. Indoed, it is a fact that tho salo of Prince Rudolph for a big - sum to tho Americans had, to all intonts and purposes, boon offeeted when tlio rush of nominators to tho horse stopped the business till after tho current stnd Reason. It is worth romoniboriug that this horse, big as ho is, stood training for fivo years, and won the last race for whioh he started. In rcforring to tho Monday's play of tho big test match, np oxchaugo says the Englishman . had only to play a winning game, and they played it to perfection. Tlio attack was deadly and woll sustained, and the Holding really admirable, especially when the slippery condition of the ball is taken into considera tion. Also, it must iu justice be added, they dost no opportunity of appoaliugto the um pire. There is soino reason for thinking that this practice is gradually boing carried a littlo too far. A sudden aud oonlidont appoal is apt to disconcort an umpire, and perhaps call forth a wrong dccisiou. We are not referring to any players in particular when wo say that such an appeal is occasionally mado at tho present timo on grounds that may bo mildly tormod insufficient. Perhaps it was some recognition of this fast that started tho domonstrntiou against the English captain. Howovor, Dr, Grace will no doubt recognise tliat this was tho work of a "number of small boys merely, and was rather humorous than hostile, and will admit tho fairness aud good temper of the spectators gouorally. " Rapier," of tho Illustrated Sportino and Dramatic News, has boim sounding tho praises of Mr. Arthur Coventry ns a. model starter ol' hoi-30 racos. The English' scribo says : " His patience, nnfailiug good humor, quickness of porcoption to catch tho ono happy moment when ho con despatch his field, and anxiety to do absolute justico to every horse ie vory patent. A more tomper-trying business than starting a big fiold of horsos is not easily imagined. I confess it is a marvel to mo that Mr. Covontry preserros liis equanimity, aud contrives to say 1 Go back, please,' — actually 'please' — instead of thundering out some thing of a very different character." From all accounts, Mr. Goorgo Watson, who has boon dubbed by Australians " Tbo Prince of Starters,' " adopts a vory different Etylo in dealing with jockeys, bo that with tho big, big " D " as tho loading characteristic of tho Autipodoan wioldorof thoflagou tlioono hand, nnd tlio gentloinanly " please " of Mr. Coven try in tho old country on tlio othor hand, it is not a little ainusing to find both gentlemen considered facile princcps iu tho wlolding of tlio red flag. It is, I- (Phsolon) understand, quito on th cards that Carbine's sister. Lady Walmsloy. of whose purchase in Victoria by Mr. D. jj O'Brion wo heard recoutly, will tako up - g quartern at Wellington Park.. .Tho daughter " 8 \- of Muslcnt aud Morsoy is in foal to tho Gang Forward horse Remus, and it is Mr. O'Brion'a intention to put lior noxt Benson to Tasman. With few cliniices, Tasman lias acquitted himself oxtremoly woll at tho stud, and tlio- rosult of his union with a full sistor to tho mighty Curbino should bo followod with the most satisfactory results. Speaking of DhiUlwick, by St. Simon— Plnisantorio, Mr. Maplo's 30,00()tlol. yearling, the London Sportsman's . special ooinmis- sionor says " Ho is not the sort of oolt to pleiusu a superficial judgo. Cortnin it is that having grown aiiddoiio woll since Douoastor — and I may any that for size and gonoral development Percy Pock s two-yoar-olds Bur- pass any lot that I have soon this yoar — Childwick will striko many as being built on something tho same linos ns La Fleeho, and, as I said of him whon a yearling, he mny train a bit light in liis buolc. He will always be a light-llesiiod horso. one of the spiry-wiry sort that stay, not ono of tkohoavy ' show ' horses that tiro under tho bnrdou of thoir own muHclo. An active horso, good- tcenp'ered and thoroughly sound, Chitdwiok has his raoing oareor boforo him, and I oan only, for the proaont, say that ho has made all tho im- provomont I could havo oxpoctod or wished." The gonoral entry for tho A. J.C. Autumn reunion closed on Monday with a total of 542 nominations for tho 18 ovents. Tho ontry shows iidooronso. of six whon compared with those of last year. Tho events that show an. increase on last year's ontry are : — Tho. Autumn Stakes 2, Flying Handicap 1, Maidon Stakos 2, All-aged Stakes 10, Cumberland - Stakes 1, City Handicap 9, Rous Handicap 5, " Placo Handicap 2, Steoplechr.RQ 8, and Final Handicap 11, whilo those that oxhibit a docroase are : Hnrdlo Raco 4, Mutual Selling. Plato 18, Selling Plate 3, First Nursery Han dicap 4, Two- year-old Plato 8, Woltor Handi cap 7, and A.J. C. Plato 1. Tho nominations are distributed as undor Hnrdlo Raoo 13, . . Autumn Stakos 10, Mutual Soiling Plate- 25, Flying Handicap 60, Maidon Stakos 21. Selling . Plato 28, First Nursery Handicap 40, Two- - year-old Plato 14, All-aged Stakes 17, Woltar Handicap 52, Cumborland Stakos 8, City Haw- - (Heap 50, Rous Handicap 29, Placo Handicap' 35, Stooplcchaso 18j Second Nursory Handi cap 39, A. J.C. Piato 10, and Final Handicap Dr. Graao and liis men must leave thos8" ' shores with vory mixod foolings. They hav8 had a mo3t enjoyable tour ; thoy havo made, or ronowod, acquaintance with tho different colonies in the ploasantest possible fashion j and thoy have been suocossfnl in a large majority of thoir engagements. Thoy havo',' in fact, dono ovorythiug bub tlio ono thing thoy came specially to do. They have not r ; beaten Australia twico in three att'ompta. . They havo only gainod a victory at the third- > encounter, and that under circumstanooa ... which almost rob it of morib. Mark Twain has a story of a ionownod swearer . who was > unexpectedly dutnb in prosonoe' of a'cataa- 4 tropbo whiqh- was fondly expected to call forth his highest resources. But ho know ' his own limitations, and rocoguisod that his "i efforts must still fail to do truo justico to tho - situation. Similar are tho feelings of all Australians ns thoy look back upon the third - day of the l-eoent match. Specially poignant must, be tho aolf-reproaoh of whoever first I suggested tlio hoginning of play on Thursday instead of Friday. Had it not boon for that unlucky afterthought, given all tho prevailing wontlicr conditions, the inatoh might have been unfinished ovon now. — Adelaide Ad vertiser. Mr. -Alfred G. Hales, " Smiler," whose por trait i3 givon an nnotlior page (says the " Boston Police News), is now in America - from Australia, where lie has been ratod - tho foremost writer on topics pugilistic that _ tho colonies can boast. Mr. Hales, or " Smilor," as he is every where ' known, is a typical Australian, and his adventurous career is well worth - recording. Ho was born in Adolaide, South Australia, iu 1801, his father boing an Englishman, and his mothor an American, iio started in journalism a young man, by writing hovellettes. for weokly publi cations, although his vocation did not givo him much spare time. Ho lived in thoso days in tho bush, working "on stations," and soon became an oxpcrL buslimau and miner. In tho . course of liis travels lie visited every mine of note in Australia, and was for many years air ussayerou tho Broken Hill Bilver fields. . He i was foinl of sport from boyhood, and became t an athlete of no mean ordor, cricket, football, - and boxing being his Bpooialties. In his travels ; " Smilor " has become aoqnairittSd : ' with every boxer aud wrestlor in tho Southern -. Hemisphere, and lias wituussod every recout , contest of uoto. -Ho lias boen instrumental in .. bringing out' Joe Goddard, George M'Kouzie,. " Shadow " Mabar, and others too numorous to montion; "Sniffer's" visit to America, ' while for his hoalth, is also for busino3s. ' Ho has commissions to match a number of Australian pugilists for engagements in San Franoiseo and Now Orleans. Ho will' go to London and report tho Slavin-Jaokson con test for American readers. In a- lottor to Captain A. W. Cooke, of tho Police News, " " Slnilor" says : — "lam now upon Amorioan soil, and I am shortly going on_ a lectnring 1 tour throughout tho Statos, having as suh- . joots ' Lifo in Australia, bush life and cus toms, convict days, lifo ou tho gold and silver fields, characters of tho wild black tribes, adventures among tbo bushrangers, prospoets" of tho Southern Hemisphere, &o.;" Part II. will coutaiu " Sport in Australia, horseracing, . sculling," pedestrinuism, crickot, football, baseball, and boxing.' I shall endeavor to faithfully describe every pugilist, from Jem Maco to Griffo, including all tbo notable men of my country, their weight, ago, Bize, color, ring tactics, and ability, and my estimate of their ohaucos, I shall also givo my viowa of the Americans who havo visited. Australia. I will describe tho dosperato battles betweon Slav in and Farnau-, and ChoyUBki and God dard. I- ara delighted with the treatment accorded mo by tho Californians. I never met , subh a poople, for they try to kill a fellow with kindness. 