PEEPS INTO PAPERS AND BOOKS. THE HARYEST OF A READER'S GLEANINGS. Tub land of appointment which nobody likes to hare—a disappointment. By taking revenge, a man it? but even with his enemy; but in passing it over, he is su perk r. Wp, see thousands that are covctous where we find one that is economical. Satihe is-oa ngly weapon in the work of reform. It tears asunder, it cauterises, it blisters. Ko one ia really made better by if. Tho one assailed, though be may fear the sting, will never bo better through its application, though be may seem so. A satirist lives all the time in boiling water. i A Germ ax " Yolusteee.*—-There is no class of military service in Germany which at all corresponds with volunteering in Éngland, bi.it the writer of an article, "Eight Weeks' Service in the German Army," in Temple Bar, adopts the term to designate the slightly privileged "one year service" ineu. He was recently summoned from his work in England for his turn in the ranks, and a very rough time he seems to have had. His experience?, boirever, were not all gloomy, and tho following may e«rve as an illustration of tho lighter pîrts of his. e*dab!e paper: "At ten everybody muft- bp in their qBarters,and go to bed or such sleeping accommodation as they htsve got. In one case I Lai nothing but a sack of straw to sleep up ju ; Kith ;iop;!fow, rt:g«, or anything tlse to lessen the inconvenience. Ihe worst of it was that the tack via) far too tho.t for me, aud what wich the discomfort of my coach and the closeness of thé {-aTct—it was over a siable, and contained five oilier men besides myself—I could get no sleep at nil, ia spite of my fatigue. On tbe third day, the sergeant, who was a very good friend of mine, had leave of absence, and I, coining in after all the other people were in bed, and seeing bis l» d empty, slipped into it and slept soundly for once in a way. I was awakened by the old woman to whom the house belonged. She came in, saw me, and went out at once, meaning mischief I could see. A common soldier sleeping in her best bed ! Tlie sergeant should hear of it. It seems absurd, but, as a matter of fact, there was erery reason to suppose that 1 might get into serious trouble if the matter was reported. Fortunately, I knew the train by which the sergeant was to arrive, atd went -down to the station to meet him. With tbe aid of copious libations of beer, I softened to him the liberty 1 had takeD, and to the great disappointment of our landlady, he look no notice of her report. ' The Government had hired her room,' he said, 'why should be not let any of his friends eleep in it who liked?' Just conceive tbe position. Imagine yourself, my respectable English friend, down on your knees to a common sergeant, to escape the penalty for having dared to avail yourself of tbe ordinary means of sleeping provided for him. The discipline of the German army pushes the severity of punishment into tbe most trivial details of military life. No one dare even lie awake anywhere else than in the particular place to which he is appointed." Spaniels.—Under the modern conditions-of both partridge and pboasant shooting, where dogs are not wanted to hunt but only to retrieve, spaniels hare been gradually going out of fashion for field purposes. When ground game was killed in large quantities tbey were found to be hardly big enough or strong enough for a day's cover-shooting, where they would constantly be called upon to carry hares for long distances through brambles and underwood. Hence the introduction of the large black retrievers now in vogue, and for cover-shooting as now pursued they are doubtless indispensable. But many people are etill of opinion that for partridge- shooting spaniels are preferable to retrievers. They are quicker, and, being smaller and lighter, make less noise in the turnips, while if a wounded bird runs into a hedgerow, a spaniel which can thread the ditch bottom and twist in and out of the hedge almost as fast as the bird itself, is far more useful than the larger animal, which constantly loses birds in such places from not being able to get aloDg fast enough. A spaniel may easily be trained to hunt just in front of the partridgeshooter and etop for a moment when he is close on birds, which is all tbe not r ce that is necessary ; and eren in the old days of reaped stubbies, when pointers still reigned supreme, many eminent sportsmen preferred shooting partridges over a brace or two of steady spaniels. To see tbe spaniel in perfection, however, we must employ him in a kind of shooting which is now only occasionally to be met with. Where the country abounds in small copses and shaws, as they are called in many parts of England,. in donble hedges, in osier bods, disused'stone or gravel pits overgrown vitli hazel, holly, and oaks (in Hampshire called dells), and othpr thickets of the same kind, which are sure to harbour game, and are small enough for the gunner to keep always wiihin shot of his dog—these arc the places in which to see a spaniel work. There is nothing prettier in the shooting way than to sec him feathering about just as he gets on the scent of a pheasant., full of the keenest excitement, yet working methodically at tbe same time, till at last he makes a little pause at- a tuft of brambles, pricks up his ears for s second, and then pjwrces ; when up blu;ters a fiae old cock- bird, which he follows with his eye as it rises into mid-air, suddenly topples over, and come down tail upwards to the ground with a thud which man and dog know welL The unmistakable delight of a spaniel when thus engaged is one of the features in his character which make him so much pleasanter a companion than any other kind of dog. In a good thick rambling hedgerow, where rabbits live as well as pheasants, he is equally happy and equally adroit. But unfortunately we may wander over a great part of England now without finding our copses or double hedges ; and even where we do, tbe latter are so disturbed by the farmerB that liltle game is to be found in them. Spaniels may be used, of course, in big woods whenever a couple of guns go out for a little quiet shooting, without a whole army of beaters, and take only the low woods. They will hunt round you then pretty closely if properly trained, and nice sport may be had with them. There are a great many breeds of spaniels, but we only know of three now which still survive in their purity, at least in any number— tbe Clumber, the Sussex, and the Norfolk spaniels. One great merit in spaniels is that they are dogs whom one can have in the house without any inconveuience, and who are a great ornament to the drawing-room rug, where they should be admitted to bask after a loijg day in the woods or on tho marshes. —St. James's Gazette. DrcKExs As ait Editok.—Everybody knows that charming "Boundabout Paper" of Thackeray's, which bears the title " Thorns in the Cushion." It sets forth the sorrowful tale of a soft-hearted and unpractical literary man placed in editorial charge of an important monthly magazine. " Ah me !" exclaimed the author of" Vanity Fair," after quoting examples, " we wound where we never intended to strike, we create anger where we never meant harm ; and these thoughts are the thorns iu our cush ion. " Thackeray was too sensitive to make a good editor : and it was well, both for him and for the Cornhill Magazine, that he resigned his post to bis friend and son-in-law, Mr. Leslie Stephen. Tt was far otherwise with Thackeray's great contemporary, Charles Dickens. Dickens, while quick to defeat genius, bad no hesitation in crushing incompetence and mediocrity. Among some autoeraph letters sold last week in London by auction was the following, addressed to Mre. Gaskcll. It is dated Februaiy 21,1833:—" I take the earliest opportunity of answering your letter. I have been so closely occupied since its receipt that this is tbe first disengaged morning on which I have found time to read the enclosed papers. I am sorry to say that I cannot have the pleasure of accepting them. They possess no kind of characteristic to render them available. Between ourselves—and not for "the information of their authoress—they are of that intensely dreary and commonplace description to which not even the experience of this place reconciles my wondering mind. Erei^body could write such tilings, I imagine, but how anybody can contentedly sit down to do it is inscrutable. Don't you feel the'same astonishment? People don't plunge into churches and play the organ without knowing the notes or having the ghost of an ear. Yet fifty people a day rush info manuscript who have no earthly qualification but the actual physical art of writing." Why Mrs. Gaskell—a literary woman—rbonld have bothered D : ckcna with these " dreary and commonplace" manuscripts, is a somewhat difficult question to answer. Charles Dickens was very careful always to respect tbe proprieties in the publications that he controlled. In a recentlypublished criticism of "Griffith Gaunt" he confesses that the book contains passages which, as Editor of Household Words, be would not be able to pass. But apparently he did not go so far as the late Mr. Bentley, the publisher. The following letter is addressed by Dickens to a contributor to Bentley* Miscellany (now Temple Bar) The cause of the delay of your paper is simply this. Mr. Bentley coneideis it too broad, although it does not strike-me as bçing so broad as to Tender its insert ion dangerous. The question is whether you can so alter it as to make the doubtful lady a mantuamaker, and give the interview more of a ' courting character."* • Tub Specie Boom on SmrisoAKD.—In these days of heavy gold shipments the specie room on the ateaxoship is a very important institution. It ia located in ah out-of-the-way place amidships, under the saloon. Few of the passengers know of its existence, or of the valuable treasure that is carried across the ocean with them. The room varies «lightly <m different ships, but is usually about 16ft. long by 10ft. wide, and 8ft. high. It is constructed of eteal plates one-quarter of an inch thick and strongly riveted together. The floor, the ceiling, and the wsIIb fùre all of eteel plates. There is a heavy" door also made of^Fteel. It is provided with two English it leeks a variety of combination lock that 14 ^ * proof. She gold a»d nirsr .il 