By ' M a.scottk. ' Horseowners arc reminded for the last time that entries in connection with the Hay New Year Race Club's meeting, on January 2 and 3 close with Mr 0. Sadler on Monday next, 5th December, at 0 p.m. The nominal fees of entry arc ono of the chief features of the club's excellent hill, and for a modest so'v. owners can enter mid lum. n .-l ? ? ,.r pocketing the New Year's Gift of lOOsovs., Midsummer Handicap of -lOsovs., Hurdle Race of -10 soyh., or Handicap Trot of losova. Horseowners should bear in mind that entries for tho Carrathool Jockey Club and Howlong Handicaps close on Wednesday next, at 8 p.m., and sportsmen should rally round this plucky young club. The sister to Beau Monde, who looks a smart looking filly, has been put iu to the hands of Larry Holmes to train. At the Richmond (Victorian) race meeting the other day a horse owner named Stewart had procured a certificate of height (13 hands) for a pony named Oxford, aud after wards endeavoured to substitute for him another animal called Bandit. He was ' bowled out,' however, and Bandit on being measured was found to stand 13.3. The owner and pony were disqualified for 12 months. St. Odillc has foaled a splendid colt to Carbine. St. Odillc, who is by St. Albans from Prioress, who runs back to Peter Finn, is a very fine niare,mand several of her performances while on the turf were very brilliant. Tho disqualified maro The Nun was awarded first prize among the blood matrons exhibited at Colae show fast week. MrH. Oxcnham has purchased tho liurdlo horses, Liuwood and Buzzard, and the pair avo gone to Sydney, Mr. W. G. Grace has taken a survey of somewhat remarkable history of county cricket in the season which has just closed (observers tho London correspondent of a Melbourne contemporary) Ilo is vory om« phutic in asserting that tho interest in coun ty cricket was quickened owing to tho ab sence of an Australian eleven. He avows himself always glad to welcome Australian teams if they don't come too often, for it ia useless to shut, one's eyes to the fact that tho Australian matches do interfere with county cricket. Examining tho play of the prin cipal men, Mr Graeo allots high praise to ' Sammy *' Woods. lie pronounces him the bear amateur bowler in England, with ex ceptional powers of endurance, which cnnblo him to bowl any length of t'mo. besides a cer tain amount of 'devil' and pace in his deliv ery that frightens inexperienced batsmcu, and on kicking wickets plays havoc with ex perienced aud first class batsmen also. He spawns i iio poor position tliat Uloueestei* shire took by saying that the bowlers did not como oil as expected, tho dry wickets proving too much for them. He is very lenient in his reference to Air Ferris, who, he says, from the time he began until tho end of thesfason, never had a real sticky wicket to bowl on, whilst damaged hands sadly handicapped him. He, however, showed pluck and stamina, and did tho greater part of the work without flinching. Me has every confidence that, under favour able conditions, Ferris will bowl as well next season ns ever in his life. Hie Auction Stakes at Roschill turned out a common cantor for Flora, which, on being put up for sale, was bought in for £05. I lie owner appeared to think that no ono had any right to ?-id against him for tho marc. Selling races aro selling races ; and u hen tho owner of Flora has had a little more experience ho will find out that enter nig a fair handicap horse for a selling event is not always a profitable piece of turf diplomacy. ' Augur's Ghost' in the Narandera Arfjus says : — Mamba looks splendid after his southern sojourn, and I will not be a bit sui prised to see him pull off a good event or two during the coming racing campaign. tt ^ l1.011 -Associate fell iu the Kensington Handicap at Randwick he was rather ! se\ eroly injured across the loins. The son I -ii i0(^e? 1,llsn°w quito recovered, and ho will shortly go into strong work again. That flvimr mare. Rosf.lonf iu the care of ' ' Two Up' Burke at j mice. Impostc: tho well-known hurdle racer, lately m lom Corrigan's stable, has onco more joined J. E. Brewer's string at Caul, field. The Wagga Advert iter writes : — Wo havo to announce with great regret the death of Mr. Oliver (or better known as ' Oily') Cox one of the best known residents in this dis. ti ict. Ihe sad event occurred at an early hour on Saturday morning. Mr. ( ox had been ill for only a short time, and although his state was considered critical, hopes were enter tamed of his ultimate recovery. The death of Mr. Cox will create a gap iu sporting nircluj which lie ditlieult lo lilt. He wns one of the promoters of Ycrong Race Club and from ihe eluli's inception has placed at is - ispnsal that picturesque course 011 which the clubs meetings havo always been held. ' praminen', supporter of tho Mur. rum ndgec lurf (Mnb, and accentuated his inicrest 111 the club by presenting tho Wucga Gold Cup for the year 1S!)0, thus following in the foot steps of his father, tho late Mr? 0 .1, (-0.x- who gave no little impetus to racing in this district by presenting tho first \\\agga Gold Cup Mr. Cox was an enthusiastic polo player, and a prominent member of the \\\ agga Polo Club from its 01 ni.i ion. IJe was also mainly instrumental in the formation of the Ycrong Polo Club. It is scarcely necessary to add that no one so accomplished in the saddle would fail to distinguish himself in the polo field. Upon tho visit of (he Melbourne team to Wagon some years since. Mr. Oliver Cox wns ml South Wales. ° ^ P0,° pl,ly0'' !n NeW ltushlight has been nominated for the hurdle races to bo run at Rnndwick during Christinas tunc. ® I lie owner who has been referred to in sporting columns as having used strong lan guage to Mr 3?. F. Dakin anent the handi capping of his horses, and to havo subso Jl'r S C Cool- ' oau'1 !m aP°'°Sy- ''as Mr A. Leitcli, of Berry Jerry, has sus ne?.° Ios? in 11,0 ',,Kltl1 othis bI°°'l stallion Oiuleis, who met with nil accident on luesday night, and died from tho in juries received. Oudeis was bred in New Aew Zealand, aed was by Albany from No wnc. iic was a very successful stud horse, ]lavnig Slr0(1 Sjiailn- M.(1 Latoni and numerous other winners. 1 Kn0-. ,'7 outsi,,'! ' Uookmakor, Mnnn schedule in Melbourne, liabilities 1-000, assets .tflS. lie attributes his in solvency to the refusal of tiie V.R.O. to re new his license to be 011 the Ilill at Fleming, ton. J h,s vomcs ,l3 atl,lllge „ ajt» Glenloth s win. ''I ' ' responsible for the liows that Uilliam .J- J Connor, the Canadian oarsman, lias lett.thc scene of many aquatic triumphs, and gone to tho unknown land. When li! henrle and O Connor lowed their celebrated l-aeeon the 1 liames, England, for the sculling championship of the world they werencknow lodged to be two splendid specimens of youthful manhood. Searlo, before I10 reached his homo died from nil attack of yp »oid fever, and now his lato opponent succumbed to t he same fell disease. When U (_ onnor visited Sydney he 1 owed J.Stanbury for tho championship 011 the Parramatta Uiver and sullered defeat. It is only fair vuw uCv.v,isui o.usmun to say lie was not i.ivored by our climate, and felt sure lie could have reversed the verdict if Stanbury lmd rowed hnn on the smooth lakes of America. G ( onnor made a lot of friends when he was ? 111 this colony, and all will be sorry to hear of his unexpected death. Ho was about 26 yeais of age, and held tho title of champion oarsman of America at the time when he was called away. There seems to be a mortality amongst rowers. One of our nimblest peds is at present getting himself into nick for Boxing Day, * the Half Holiday's excellent bill having dazzled his eves. The other evening his friends credited him with walking from Mimgadal to the Hay .railway station (which is four miles) in half-an-hour. This is a record, Join, and should bo bracketed on the list. A match, which nromisps f,n lm *.?/-»?*» | interesting, has been arranged between t tarry iaylor, tho local ped, and Wally Ellis, of Narandera, the stakes being £100 a -side, and tho distance 240 yards. Taylor is conceding 5 yards, and tho race will bo deemed on a Hay traek in tho second week in January A denosit of i'50 to bind the niatcm has been lodged iu tho hands of Mr A. Myers, of Narandera, Taylor backing Pedestrians aro again reminded that entries for the Sheffield Handicap of 40 sovs. . Hurdle Race of 10 sovs., Christmas Handi* cap 10 sovs., Cricketers' Handicap (prize, tiophy), and W alking Match, in connection with the Half- Holiday's Boxing Day Sports, -A' Massic on Tuesday next, bth December. At ono time Hay was tho home of the ped, and I hope lo see oitr knights of tho shoo foregather on Boxing Day and have a revival of old times. I 1 1. liters in tho cueistie world aro daily livening up. Mr J. Hart's billiard tourna. mcnt is filling rapidly, and it promises to bo one of the biggest successes known locally. J lie last day for receiving nominations will De Wednesday, December 7. I ho South Australians do not waste much time when in tho cricket field as a rule— nt least, tho senior erickotors of that colony do not. On Saturday tho Norwood-Hindmarsh match was begun. The former went in first , and at tho call of time had lost only two wickets, and had piled up 398 ! Cricket liko that would attract an enthusiastic audienco anywhere, 'Jack' Lyons saorcd 187, W. Giflen 40, and Goorgo Giffen 150 not out.' lhere is something in that display for inter* colonial bowlers to ponder over, A twb-year.old sister to Roseleaf ami Moss Rose, named Rosy Morn, will shortly join 12\. Davis' team at Wagga. ' Reginald' writes : — A Grand National Hurdle Race will be Merrigal's next dart, report says. One hears a lot of contradic tory tales from those who have seen him lately about the' son of Robert the Devil. Some aver that ho is the best horse in Aus tralia over the light gum bars, while others swear that lie will 'fall in' the first time he bumps up against anything any good.' My opinion js that he can race over sticks with anything in Victoria. ISucclcuch, who is favorite for the Car rington Stakes, is by (Joldsbrough from Aphrodite, nnd therefore full brother to Keith. Bucclcuch shows a lot of speed. iMstiana ! Harry Carrol, of Hay, under takes to ' stop' J. Rrophy, of Melbourne, in eight rounds, at the Carrington Rink, on Monday night, for a liver aside ami the gate. Other glovists will exhibit their science, and lovers of the noble art are pro mised a good evening's amusement. — Sec advt. The N.%. Cup winner, St. Hippo, will probably arrive in Victoria shortly, lie is engaged in the St. Lcger Stakes. After being for a number of years des cribed as by (irandmuster from Formosa, the racehorse Insignia is said to be entitled to another pedigree, and is out of Kuone, consequently full ln-other to Paris. Timidity has dropped a iilly foal, which is a sister to Malolo. 