nw THE WALLABY TRACK. tn c is f lie first time nn inside view of the J'« life of these colonics has been pre » I. hasten f ?bcd i» works of fiction, and where ,6 have been written-as was the case 1hT The Sijnatta's Dream-by persons ' hly well acquainted with the subject, '" o ris every reason to be satisfied with *!' .loi uracy and verisimilitude. But the jZl-Travcl and Sea-Farm, of Mr Morley Kobertsis a genuine narrative of hard labour i personal adventure, undergone by a ic lJducatod young man who came out to Australia as a steerage passenger m the trin-npntain, worked for a time in the tail ^cds in this city, made his way across the Murray, and went upon the " wallaby J track " "ot flS ft lary su,K,0<vlier> but in I search of employment. This he frequently succeeded in procuring, in almost every variety of occupation incidental td station life except that of sheep-shearing, and i eventually worked his passage home to Eng land before the mast. One of those rolling stones which gather no moss, the writer nevertheless picked up a coo J deal of valuable experience, and he re lates the story of his colonial cn reer so fluently and pleasantly that you reach the end of the book before you think of laying it down. In the Spencer-street goods shed he witnessed (be methods by which the labourers obtained liquor without paying for it. " Sometimes," he says, " my mates purposely slung a cask 0£ bottles of beer badly, in order that it might slip and get stove in. Then they hid some of the bottles in piles of straw. Set ting others to watch the man in charge, they sometimes deliberately knocked the head out. 1 have often seen men lift up a small case ot whisky and drop it on the stone jloor. One of the bottles was sure to break, ami then the escaping spirit was drunk as it trickled from the corner of the case held above the mouth. If anyone got drunk, he was discharged; but this seldom happened to the worst thieves, as they were experienced drinkers." j Some of the writer's station experiences! were very amusing, as they were those of a j young fellow wholly unpractised in the work j he was unexpectedly called upon to perform,' as when he was ordered to kill and skin a i sheep, and " got the wretched carcase, into j such a state that be actuallyfelt remorse ful," aud was asked by his blandly sarcastic employer "what he had got there?" and, upon being told it was a slieep, the squatter j ironically inquired "if a dog had been worry ing it?" Speaking of the "warrigals" or, wild horses, which at that time abounded j on the northern plains of New South Wales, and ot the methods employed for their destruction, Mr. Roberts writes:-" To catch or kill these horses, the hunter found out some favourite feeding grouud, and, on get ting within easy range under good cover, he aimed at one of the mares. At the sound of the shot the rest iled, the stallion bring ing up the rear. Bat, iu a moment, he would notice that one was missing. In creasing his pace, he shot ahead of his harem, rounded them up, and drove them j back to the dead mare. Her he bit to rouse! her from her untimely sleep. Finding this fail, he often wheeled round and kicked her. Then another mare fell to the hunter's rifle. This llijrht and return sometimes occurred! again and again, and each time a good) marksuian brought down one of the mob. If he had killed the stallion at first, he j would have secured but one, for the mares without his obstinacy would escape." The writer's rough occupations and rougher surroundings did not prevent him from exorcising a delicate observation of nature, as is shown by his description of a flock of kangaroos, at page 79, aud by the following passage relating to the Australian bell-bird: -' It is not like the famous campanero of the lirazilian forests, whose voice is as the Bound of a hammer striking a large anvil, to be heard for miles; but it is light, airy, at times as faint as the far distant ghost of a Bound, like a bell of dreamland, or a single note remembered in after years. Those who listen to it cannot say 'it is here' or 'it is tlierethey cannot with assurance affirm tfyit there are many birds, or only one with a strange echoing gift of tongues. There |8,1 know not why, something pathetic in |t, something curiously sweet, whether from its quality or suggestions, although it does not chime with a more recurrent and regular rythm than the broken music of sounding streams." Very little is said by the great bulk of tourists in Australia of its in numerable insect pests ; and it Beems that o become acquainted with these in their most exuberant and obnoxious form yon must visit the far interior. This » Mr. J oberts's account of them:-"They choke ie air, they buzz, and hum, and hunt you; >ey are a summer torture, a long bitterly persisting onset; they are unresting, in capable of fatigue, hungry, esurient; they r your mouth, your ears ; you catch icrn in your eyelids; they thirst for the X"?" of your lips.» they render life in alj'e» Australia a nightmare. . , . tw? ubi<laitotts.!Mwl the dayliglrt heats th» i , ^ hungrily for ever over all rw -°ne P^ns of the continent south ofi flerTTmiand ^ien ^6 ants rejoioe in the and active-sugar ants, lonu i ^rce ama,J pismire, and the inch <T. ""??. .*« V like to ewinff ,lancet- Spiders crawl and spider vi *? ~the black Wto with the red triangle sacred to Baas'* wj" hairy jjjtidtsra. long and diabolical, andrdugb. And ^ionB lie nndw W wid otiStarbSfe tail -p-hpedea,brown and black,crawl about . *Ule, slowly, some small, and others lmlf-a-ioot1 long, tlmt one loathes to crush, and yet destroys." Once, in the neighbourhood of the Lachlnn, a mob of wild horses bore down upon the writer and his companion, both of whom were mounted, and seemed to invite the sub ject animals to get rid of their riders and join the ranks of the free. The latter, some hundreds in number, went through an evolution of which a troop of cavalry might have been proud, sweeping round in a semi circular column, and bursting into a great chorus of whinnies and neighs. When their curiosity had been satisfied, they began to draw off in loose order, and the two travellers resumed their journey. " We had not gone far," writes Mr. Roberts, "before we heard the thunder of their hoofs again, as they came after us in a long column, some ten wide at the head. On reaching us they again halted.suddenly, and shot out into a wide winged curve. But now I had seen enough of them, and, disengaging my stockwhip, I cracked it loudly. At the very first report they threw up their headB, wheeled- round, and were in rapid flighty across the plain. They followed us no more." It was well for the two horsemen that the animals they were mounted on had not been reclaimed and broken in from a wild herd; for in Southern Russia it is a common occurrence for a mob of. horses in a state of nature to fall upon a sledge drawn by horses which had been originally free, and smash it to pieces with their hoofs, tearing the harness to ribbons with their teeth, and leading off their equine brethren in triumph, the occupants of the sledge being fortunate if they escape with their lives. During his engagement as a burr-cutter in the back blocks, the writer of this volume was continually getting into trouble, he says, by introducing into his conversation with his mates odds and ends of the lore he had learned at Owen's College, Manchester, which they regarded as pestilent heresies. For example, he was rash enough to assert that the world was round, and that England was beneath their feet. This raised a storm of opposition and obloquy among the group j gathered round the camp-fire. " They plied me," he says, " with questions, threw ridicule : on me, and backwards sarcasm, and when I appealed in despair to Irving (a comrade^ to support my view of the universe, they begged me to leave him alone, as they felt certain he was not such a fool ns to believe any- j thing so absurdly, so ridiculously, so im piously, and startlingly new as my theory. | I grew angry and retorted, used all the well j known arguments, asked them questions in i return, and at last hit on one which no ? body could answer. Then Big Bill rose up ! in wrath, and, backed by his brother and ! the applause of the crowd, threatened to go ! for me then and there, if I did not refrain from the promulgation of blatant atheism. As I saw no prospect of being able to light the whole camp with any satisfactory result, I retired, like Achilles, to my tent, and. smoked in silent and solitary indignation." ! Lord Byron tells us that Bonnivard became so reconciled to his dungeon in the Castle of Chillou that he " regained his freedom with a sighand. Mr. Roberts, by long familiarity with the wide, sunburnt plains of the in terior, not only lost all 6ense of their dreary monotony and wearisome uniformity, but actually became enamoured of them, and luxuriated in the large freedom of a dis tant horizon." This is what he says of: Mossgiel, which has for its southern boun dary the Willandra Billabong:-"The Mur ray country was beautiful and harmonious, but its beauty was broadly marked, its harmony easy to resolve. The plains were subtler, and in the fine distinctions of their music almost unisonic. Only by slow degrees I saw the infinite variety of the unit. As a single note is made up of the pure tone, the over-tones, and harmonies, so it is with the plants. They seem one, but in nature there is no absolute indivisibility ; with knowledge comes deeper knowledge still. After a great iiat plain where a pile of wind-drifted sand is a far landmark, the sea, save in its wilder hours, is monotonous. After the level land, whose horizon is blurred with vapour and set very far off, the sea's round line is restricted. And in mountains, by a curious suggestion of a prism, by the inability to see beyond near barriers, one chokes as for want of air. But on the plaius I could live and breathe, could see the end and attain it, I could travel by night and gallop under the stars." Among other colonial experiences recorded by the writer iB that of four days' starvation, while making his way down from Mossgiel to Ilay, with a companion who was taking aload of sheepskins there. The creeks which had to be crossed before reaching Booligal were flooded; the provisions the two men had brought with them were exhausted; and it was not until the waters subsided that the teamster was enabled to ride on to the town ship and procure Some food. In the mean time his companion was almost delirious with hunger and pain; andwhen his companion, after what appeared to be an interminable interval, returned with some raw beef and bread, Mr. Roberts "writes" I well remembered even then that it was inadvisable to eat in large quantities, tout I was so wholly unable to restrain myself that I threw a steak on the hot wood ooals, and, rending a loaf with tpylistids, Icrammedthe bread into my month, and then devoured the stMkhalf raw. If what I have read of the evU ^efl&rtaof; Budden gorging in famine were always true I ought to have paid 8ome" penalty for my folly, Jj'utj /as it happened, 3L took no harm from a fairly Gargantuan re past. For; I: ate like an Esquimau* or a Yakut Indian, and, rolling myself in my blankets, 1 fell into dfefep and undisturbed; sluniber.I had been .without food for 106 hoitfe?';.y.i With one othcrextract we must take our leave of a book which is what the French wonld iadW* ft & wAt in which the writer describes the effect pro duced, upon him by the vivid verdure of the fields, when he reached England:-" The tiiit of the grass, after the soberer dull greys and greens and browns of Australia, was ex tremely unpleasant to the eye. I thought the colour glaring, not to say inartistic. It certainly was not unnatural, and yet it struck me as being as nearly that as if some one had deliberately painted the fields. It took me months to get reconciled to it." It should be added that the book is cleverly il i lustra ted by Mr. A. D. M'Cormick. 