MR, PARKER'S DEFENCE. i-jßfä_s_ I T<ï ttöte Editob. I Sib,-Mr. Parker has both yon and your I evening contemporary at a decided disadvan. . tage by wayiof effeotive reply to bis defence . as published in this morning's West Ans : trama». But the case is different when he attempts to speak at an indignant public through yen. The daily Press having failed toassi8t Mr. Porker in "his original Opposi- tion designs during the first session of Parliament, Mr. Parker gave up the Opposi- tion ghost on the eve of the second session in that memorable Yörk~Ipeeeh wherein be deprecated any "obstruction" being offered to a Government whiob he couldn't overawe in the first act. It would appear from the Colonial Secretary's quotations from Hansard to justify his change of front, that his Parliamentary utterances prior to February last have net been ehronic'ed and are forgotten by that section of the com- munity, who were foolish enough te put faith- in a gentleman whose latest act is but the fitting sequel to a political career of indecision. Under the old political system his errarlo transformations are said to hare been numeroas, but not remarkable enough to prevent his posing ia England before the Select Committee as the representative of the popular party in West Australia-a posi- tion, however, which he failed to sustain to the satisfaction of several close observers in 'the House of Commons. Mr. Parker having made such statements as that under the new Constitution fully 90 per cent, of the adult population ef Weet Aus- tralia would be enfranchised, it remained for a member (who must have been well instructed from a reliable source), Mr. Chan- ning, to leave on the pages of the English Hansard his opinion of Mr. Parker and his mission in the following, at present, re- markably applicable words:-"Mr. Parker .poses as the representative of the Popular Party, but I hâve considerable doubt as to his legitimate claim to figure in that part. He gave as a reason for wanting this Bul, that, as soon a» the people get this Constitu- tion they will be able to sweep away the property qualification, and the restrictive franchise, and they will take steps to break np<the land monopoly in Western Australia, by passing a Land Tax and Succession Duty, similar to that passed in other Australian colonies. I doubt this view, and believe that put forward by Sir F. N. Broome. The whole history of the origin of this Bill shows that it has been promoted and »hoped by a narrow clique ef moneyed men who do rule and have ruled, and wish to continue to rule, the destinies of Western Australia." Might I ask what serious etapa Mr. Parker has taken since the advent of Responsible Government, to fulfil the pledges alluded to in the foregoing extract, beyqnd a few words reoordad in Hansard as the result of bia labours during the first Session ? By mutual consent the independent eeotion pf the public loqked to Mr. Parker to create at least the neueleus of an Opposition, and not to Mr. De Hamel or Mr. Canning or Mr. Loton. It may be an answer to the Press, bnt not to the public, to say, practically, as Mr. Parker does, that because he was afraid ef the Press he disclaimed, after twelve month», the title of lead'r with tJl the responsibilities which even his seminal acceptance of it «arriad in the eyes of a trustful and independent section of eleotors throughout the oolony, who were willing to ^ya^he^-^jijafaleand versatile politician another chance in the abaenoe of a Èotter libérai. , In my opinion, Mt. Parker "indulging ooBoeit to an unwarrantable extent when he insinuates that the public (for it is to them he is really speaking) believe -. that the Opposition is paralised^yhis accept* ing ¿5800 a year. I take it that it is not the pnblio's regret at his actual loss so much as their consciousness that he has delayed bj hiB indecision, the work that could hare been carried on by a less clever but more faithful politician than the gentleman, Who took twelvemonths to makepp his timid mud ^before aptoaUy going ove* to the e-Jintf. ' ' 1 . <i j (ii ^r . ?" " » . » HI« ' » Í < It'le just as well, likewise, that Mr. Parker, in the superfluity of his sadden con- fidence to the public, bas told them under whose auspices he waa sent to the mother country to fight the battle sf Liberalism Messrs. Shenton, Bart, Marmion and Venn honorable gentlemen who bave at one time or j other all opposed (as it is believed they do now) tbe extension of the franchise. This throws an extra candle-power on Mr. Parker's assertion te the Select Committee tbat the people of Western Australia would net take Manhood Suffrage from the banda of the British Parliament, and the information generally lights up correlative things. It, moreover, justifies his joining the Ministry, but it does not justify ¿is waiting so long to do it and, ia tbe'tntertm, mieleadieg himself with an idea, and the public with a delusion. Toura, etc., P. P. J. ROWB. Pertii, October 11. 