? ' THE NEWS" COMPETITION. A GREAT SUCCESS. TWENTY WONDERFUL YARNS. EfGENIOUS PLOTS AND MAHYEL- LOUS RESULTS.: APAGEOF EXCDCDSG BEADIKG. THE JUDGES PERFORM A 1 BIFF1COLT TASK. NAMES OF PB1ZB-WINNERS. From "Z7« Warraqnl News." When Mr. Stead issued the Christmas number of the " lieview of Reviews," the contents of which were devoted entirely to a recital of weird Gliost Stories, be was sufficiently thoughtful to n am the public that " the narratives printed in these pages had .better not be read by any one of tenderyears, of morbid excitability, or of excessively nervous temperament." We bare been advised to publish asimilar warning in. respect to our Snake Stories. This, however, is hardly necessary, for although a few of the "yarns" may be calculated to send a thrill through the reader of " excessively nervous temperament," the majority of the stories are humorous and ingenious rather than blood-curdling and wildly overdrawn. They are, therefore, entertaining without being too exciting. When a few, weeks ago ire announced the competition and offered three prizes to the successful contributors we scarcely anticipated that the departure would prove such an unqualified success. People as a rule can "tell" a snake yarn with considerable gusto, but they are by no means so ready to " write" one. It is therefore gratifying to announce that we hare received twenty contributions and that with a few exceptions they are worthy of reproduction in these columns. The pile of manuscript has been very carefully gene through by three disinterested gentlemen—Dr. Wickens, Mr. W. H. Wilkinson, and Mr. R. Hillard —and after spending many hours in determining the relative merits of the stories they have awarded the prizes as follows:— First Prize. One Guinea—Mr. W. A. Thackaberry, Buln Bulu. Second Prize, 10s.—Mr. P. E. Jackson Railway Department, WarraguL Third Prize, copy of " Tbe News " for 12 months—Mr. J. H. Mitchell, Tarago. We desire to publicly thank the fudges for the consideration and time they devoted to the task and to express the belief that both the unsuccessful competitors and the general reader will recognise that the gentlemen named have made a wise and judicious selection. They, o! course, were not aware of the names of the writers and must therefore have been striotly impartial in their decisions. It will be seen that one story was disqualified because of the writei's name not being furnished in ac- cordance with the conditions, two were received too late, and two others were " not for competition." In the majority of cases the authors have asked us not to publish their names and it will be found in the following assortment that that desire has been complied with:— SNAKES AS CONVERTING MEDIUMS. (FIKST PUTZE.) On a sunny slope of a picturesque, though remote ravine, in the neighborhood of the Upper Murrombidgee, about the latter end of the fifties, lived a family named Baver, consisting of three sons, one daughter, and father, named respectively,- Sam, Ike and Bill, Sail and jold man Baver. The whole family were rough uncultured bush men, noted for their disregard and irreverence of God and fearlessness of man.. They eked out an uncertain living by hunting such animals as the district furnished, alternated by catching fish, which were abundant in theBillabung. Now, Sam, the first-born, and by far the most hardened and fearless, had a dread foreboding that he would be some day bitten by a snake, a reptile Which was then most numerous in that far-back region. One day he had a most exciting chase after an old man kangaroo, which terminated by him bringing his quarry to earth alongside an old diy tree, shattered and split by its own weight. Sam at once proceeded to remove the skin, and it so happened by the contrarieties of chance that he took up Ms position with his back towards the tree. A colony of bees had taken possession of the tree, of which faetSam was totally unaware, and one lively guardsman of the sweet home, not liking Sam's proximity, and espying the habitual rent in his nether garment, proceeded to give him & hint to leave, by touching up poor Sam with his purswader. Feeling the sadden and unceremonious puncture, he sprang-to his feet, fully convinced that lie had at last got (he dreaded snake-bite. For the hut; he started as fast as mortal dread and increasing pain would let him. The dread of approaching death brought before his mind's eye, all his carelessness and misdeeds, and, rolling into his bunk, be rushed off Bill to a- neighboring -station for a roaming parson that happened to be there. The Rev.'Joshua Terwillager was noted for his straight hits and quaint ipplicablen^s of speech (being a Yankee), as veil for his zeal and .fervour as a <ihrtstjan/Jle had often called on the Bavers, butto no purpose. On his arrival at the lint, be .found poor Samthorapf^IyJ^-ofceaSpwnand penitent mb voce also the whole fiunily. Getting " them down.in devotionil oider, at Sam's request, tofeiwr for tafia, tihpBev. Joshua proceeded J&Se;^^ a^ J^rb^j* tiwnkrL^lfhatihouiiast sent snakes ; we t3ianK "Hiee thatihou hast sent this tiger snake to bite Sam: and, © Lohl, wepray 33»cc.to Scifi om to bite J3«\ and one to lute B3I, and tme to give Sail a nip, and mo?t xornestiy, we entreat of ,0torS, " * snake them is to bite the old man, 'Sot,. ii.'li^.J®!!!^.,^ Wieve that nothing but tiger snakes "will ever bring tbeBaver family to repentance-*' : > 