ESTABLISHED 1854. SATURDAY AUGUST 27th, 1892. A cnEAT light, and victory all along the line for the retiring councillors proved to be the result of Thursday's poll. Those who predicted that the day would pass without excitement were in'the main correct, but few could have anticipated the 'rush of voters that set in at four o'clock and lasted until the doors were closed. How " new blood" could have dreamed they stood the ghost of a chance of success it is diflicult to conceive, as they seemed to have been imbued with the mistaken notion that the people knew them too well to even question their views on municipal topics. The old time method of educating rate payers from the public platform was shunted and, perhaps it was to save expense, the medium of the local Press was but slightly availed of for the purposes of introduction. No more fallacious idea could enter the heads of gentlemen seeking honors than that a house to house canvass and a sundry chat at street corners is sufficient to inform constituents as to their respec tive worth as advocates. The people like to witness how a man shapes. upon a platform in front of a sea of faces, and judge therefrom if lie pos sesses the metal to rise: lhen occas sions present tlemselvess For the reason stated, Messrs ,mbery, Russell, Jobson, and TUndcrwood.may attribute the loss of voting strengtlh -which had been tendered. them in the formi of the day, Cr Woods sailedin ahead in the comfortable manner we prophesied, and his majority of 325 votes, or more than two to one, is evidence that the North Wlardites can fully appreciate the work of as genuine a councillor as ever occupied- the mayoral chair with honor to himself and the town he represented, Victoria division cer tdinlydeveloped the mostuniquecontest of all. OCr Treganowan's past actions had woi him confidence for consist ency, but it was felt that if a gentle man came forward to oppose him who had a large stke in- the ward, he would sink, under the weight of in hlue?ce. But the selection of his opponents proosC4d to be MAr J. T. Russell, a gentlemap 1' ictepd badly with the retreiishment malgdy and it proved equally obnoxious in the eyes of thle electors as the late influezpi plague. Common sense dictated that " retrenchment" starting with a lamp post and ending with a: municipal officer's salary was unpalatable, and therefore M-ir Russell provliked the crushing defeat - he spstained. T 'hei Centre Ward was an: open question from first to last. It was wsell known that Cr IcRobert did not expect that his seat would be challenged, and took matters very .quietly. " But. ex-Cr Jobson took up. tihe gauntlet, and a ding-dong battle ensued. Tlie ndmbers, 367 and 216,: speak for the interest. suddenly created, and both gentlemen have reason to be pleased with. their suport:: Of course Air. . E.i Russell; Who was lhonored with a - walk-over" forthie Soiuth W? id;, put on the mantle of ,ouicillor iwith the morning sun, anid:tlhroigliot tlhe day was made the recipient ?of unlimited congratulations. Tle atiditorship wvas never in doubt, aiind lr Oaden's 1231 .against such a ~r?oubtable foe as A?r Undersrood who poiled 890 was indeed a victory. .We are hicestly satisfied with the issue. of the day, g44 tryst that the lessontlhe wire polling trimmers qf oug g?gntem morary received will not .be lost ppon them. TE.P ostial depirtment lias a "whiute elephant ) on it hlainds, in the shape of ai;steam lauich :which was procured ait ]thiitih?:i thlo.farcical custom was in force of taking 'mails off incoming vessels in the bay. What grounds the ldepartinent had for spending a couple of thousand pounds upon a launch, was always a problem those having business with the shipping could never understand seeing that the steamships carrying mails could deliver them at Melbourne several hours quicker than by transhipment via Port Melbourne. But we suppose the conundrum will never be answered now the launch is laid up. The Customs depamentrt is in a similiar predicament with their "number two " steamer. About nine years ago a private firm was contracted with to w:ild a launch for £1700, and ever since it hi~ been in constant service. So impressed wag the Commissioner with the innovation of tceaai that the second boat was procured for nearly L5,000 fronm designs of officers in the service. It wrs immediately after wards discovered that the latest boat had to be labelled dangerous, and that she had been christened by her crewthe ' diving bell " as in. any sort of a sea it was impossible to drive her quicker than a snail's pace for fear of founder ing. Then she was lengthened at more cost, and tinkered and patched without. effect, ultimately being only used :'iii the finest of weather through her engines being too heavy for lier. On the other hand the :Postal launch was' built `privately,'i is .prov?d sea Worthly, and would att as an excellent substitute for: the Custlim's failure. Theio?i n is no sisa ii nallowing the Postallboat to rot? at ancliot:-at. Port 1Melbourne::and wve mig,?it offer as a practical suggestion? the transference of the 'serv'iceable boat from the one departuient to the other, anid that the 'Customs iput up their launch, at auc tidn,the hull arid engines to be open foi separate bidding. .Perhaps the heads of'both:branches of the service mighlt take the matter into considerh tion. TaE youth of Weilliamstown might taks warning ivy the circumstance that six of their number appeaired before the bench on Tuesday, charged with obstructing the thoroughfare. They were all of respectable parentage, and fromn'the fact that they pleaded not guilty to the charge it was ap parent that they possessed no idea of thescriousness of their oebnce. Inopcn ing the case, Serjeant Mitchell in formed the bench that he had taken action through repeated complaints a'bout young men iand boys congregat ing. on the umain paths to discuss sporting topics, to the annoyance of ladies passing. HeI-I 'had caused the defendants to be summoned as a warning to their comrades, but it was not; his desire that they should be punished by a heavy fine or imprison ment. His W'orship the Mayor, who -presided,.thdse ldressed tile defendants and `aid tliatpe?r?sonally he ?ih'was a sufferer by the crowds who stopped before the doorways, and bespattered the footpath with tobacco juice. He desired them to understaind that future offenders would be severely dealt wvith, anti that their discharge was a fair and ample caution. Serjeant Mitchell will earn the thanks of every shopkeeper in the town if he succeeds only in partly stopping young men from congregating on the paths. In Nelson place and Ferguson street, while they do not actually interrupt foot traffic, their presence in group: is highllly objectionable and often detri mental to business. In Stevedore street and along the strand' there is an alto gether different class of 'youths who consort with girls scarcely out of short dresses who- screech and yell about like young demons. They may take warning also, as Serjeant Mitchell intends to secure some of them a lodging in the lockup. CoxcEnuxs?o-the proposed Antarctic ex pedition which is to leave Melbourne next year, the " Norsk Tidschrift ", of S5vasen, says tiha' Collin Archer, the ship builder, describes the vessel in which Dr. Nanssaenu will make his voyage as being 39 metres long and 11 broad. The bow and stern are both pointed, and the steerine apparatus and the screw can be completely drawn into the body of the ship at will. The engine is 169 horse power. Italian oak upwards of 30 years in store is being used in its con strection. It will be protected with an outer casing to resist the ice, making the walls of the ship about three-quarters of a yard thick, whilst there will be many interior supports and strengtheniugs of places most exposed to pressure. Besides other boats, there will: be two gigs large enough to tarry' tlh crew ? aid provisions for several months in case of it beidg necessary to forsake the ship. TIEs contractor for removin gthe Gambler from the fairway has been taking advantage of the fine weather, and on Tuesiay exploded two more dynamite, charges swhich blew the remainder of the stern to pieces. Almost the first article to .float to the surface was *'IUown went McGity ", which the passoc collision occurred. IT.is yet aii openqulstidon's.to who sill succeed Cr. Woods- in the Mayoral chair. The honor 'is certain of being offere:l to Cr Booker, but there is soeine doubt as to iwhliether he will accept. TI? body of a civil servant, named Edward J. Nuzeim, who has been missing since 28th July, was found floating in the canal on Tuesday by Peter Wilkins, master of the tug Amy.' Tie jary returnedl verdict of " found drowned." TuHe sesond annual grand plain and fancy dress ball of 'the Williamstowa Catholic Young Men's Society will be held in the Alechanics'Institute on Friday evening next, S?eptember 2nd, ind gives promise of baing a brilliant affair. The manner in which the committee have worked to make the ball a success has left nothing to be desired. Mr W. Vine, of Bourike street, Melbourne, has been entrusted with the catering, and the music will be providel by Geary's band of fduir instrumfpts. The popular M.C.; air W. Henderson, .ilj of eiate during the evening. The faqey costihtses wl4hjch ill be illumined at intervals with limelight, should be a feature of the ball, the programme of which consists of twenty-eight dances. - Tns.DAv nsight's division in the House had thie effectof scattering the occup-ints of the Government corner. Six members have gone over to tiether side, and no doubt ' the s.quea.k of i€2fat rat': will be heard for the funtre in in aiffteriGt kke' TeA aeer Duty bill'was put through its seco i'reiadig in tlisa dsp ably on Tuesday eveniig.' Its object is' tq impos a duty of Sd per gallon on all colonial brewed beer from mIol anid hops exclusively, and 3d per gallon where other ingredients, such as eugar, are used; The billcntans 41 com prehensive and.stringent clauses. - ' THE Victorian Rifle Aseociation held a meeting on Wednesday night at which the prize list for the isnual matches was' con siderod.-. Very few alteralioian swere unade, but it stes decided to isierease thosecond prize for thle Queen'p'Mateh from I151 to Le3. In the Representati?o Maltch, open to n)embbers of the .Victorian Defdnce forces, nmembers of the Y.1,A. and police of Vic toria, a motion favoring the gue of orthopties was carried, althougli in the same match last year their use was prohibited. The entry fees have been reduced a little, and strenuous efforts Wvillbe.made.to obtain the ammunition at the old rate. About L1G00 will be dis tributed in prizes at the meeting. As offer has been received by the Minister of 13eignrc from the War Office to supply to the ict6rian goverg,i!;ent a complete set of Iegonan torpedloes ond the n.eeosary plant to work .h!Lew. T'le torpedo, as is oLw well 2u'un, is controlled frou! the foresliore and is directed t'od worked frost 4 lPlyerful stationary engine. The only other ubmnarlneo weapon of defence uunlec control of the operator is the Sims-Edison electrical tor pedo which is ptill in the ?aperimental stage. In the coonlunicatiqu rcceivet by the Minister of Defencc on the subject it is stated that the installation or engine p1.Ny.r will cost between Ll0,00) andel LI9,000 whilst 12 torpedoes would be supplield for L6000. The price of the torpedoes is L500 each, or L200 more than that paid by the Government for the VWhithltead torpedo, The Minister has, on the authority of the Cabinet, directed the Agent-Ueneral to inform' the Imperial authorities, in the first place, that the Covernument is now ;ossessed of a supply of Whitchead torpedoes, and in the second, that the necessity for retrenchment precludes the Government at present from entering upon any furieor expenditure in the defence of the Ifeadu. M.Lttur Ann Fitzpatrick, a iuarried woit?an whose husband is alleged to have deserted lirt, was charged on Thursday before the Footsoeay bench with haviing committed a breach of the Itegiatration Act. The charge was admitted, and there wore exteeuatiug .ircumstances, but the bench had no option po!tet than to refer the case to (ieneral Scosionu. 'Pe bail was therefore fixed at LG only. Tu'I concert of the United Choir promises to be a brilliantsuccess, as tickets are sell ing apidly. So -n nltit to clas'h with the footballers' circusa performance, the date has been altered to Monday, Septemtbelr 5th. Those who delight in a musical evening, had better secure their tickets at opce, Ti?e Carlton and West Eud Browery Company have declared: a dividend at the rate of ten per cent and reduced their liabilit ies from L100,000 to L24,000 notwithstand ing the bad times. This speaks volumes for \Ir Parker's management. BunoLarns are still favoring Footscray with their attentions, and the weekly re cord of tobacco robberies is well kept up. As Williamstown generally catches the com plaints that affect its noighbor, local. shopkeepers might take warning. \- TiE shed and boats of the Williamstown Rowing Club were offered at auction last Saturday afternoon. It is expected that the clnb's creditors will receive a substantial diridend. TiE slhop Dssistants of Nelson place have written to all the associations of Williams town. asking support to assist them in still enjoying the. Wednesday half-holiday. Favoral Is answers have been received from all. The Victorian Railways Mutual Ser vice Association has also appealed to its members to assist the shop employees. The trouble appears to have arisen through the obstructive tactics of a certain tradesman in Ferguson street. Mit Ambery, who contested the North Ward, held a mneting on Tuesday evening at which he ventilated his opinions upon matters municipal. TIme Railway department hiad a surprise exausination of tickets on the suburban lines last Thursday. Fifty persons were detected travelling in first class carriages with second class tickets, but in the majority of cases the explanations offered were accepted as satisfactory. " LOUDER: even than the wail of distress or the hoil of the professional politician is the cry of "police," wtvich now rises nightly ii all parts of 'Melbourne. Burg laries are committed at the rate of six or eight a day; footpads are plentiful, and it is almost as risky to walk through the broadest streets in the city or to cross Princes' Bridge after dark, as it is to put mnoney in a land bank. Swanston street, from the Town HUll to the Hospital, is the scene of nightly soufiles and alarms. No man who has not taken leave of his senses will venttire through any of the public gardens on his wray hcme from the t:?eatreo, and many robberies and attempts tat robbery are reported id:ily frohs all of them. " Yet the police are apparently on the alert, and the shining helmet of a constable gleams in many a dusky corner. Perhaps if the helmets did not gleam quite as brightly, the thieves would be oftener caught. ASOTaUER fairy tale from America or what the Alining Standard wittily calls a double barrelled miracle in the shape of an escape from death. We are told that in the space of two minutes John Swanson, of Omaha, had two almost miraculous escapes from death. He was standing near a quarry when a keg of powder exploded and hurled him a considerable distance from the spot. In a senseless condition he landed just above a charge of dynamite, the fuse of which had already been'lighted. B:fore he coult be rescued the dynamite exploded, and Swan son was blown a second time into the air. Notiwithstanding this double accident the nman escaped with only a broken leg and arm. The story is palpably incomplete. John's third ascension should have been terminated by his being caught in the rig ging of some overhead wires and getting electrocuted. Thus only would this beauti ful lie have been properly rounded off. To escape with only a broken leg and arm is merely commonplace and unsatisfying. THE following startling notice recently ap peared in the S. A. Advertiser:-" Wanted, 1000 young cats, delivered at Warriappa station." Inquiry from the secretary of the Willowie Land and Pastoral Association has resulted in eliciting the information that while it is comparatively easy to cope with the rabbits by netting in the open plains where the water is protected, it is next to impossible to keep them in cheek by ordi nary means in the gullies, where wire-nett ing cannot be resorted to. There are al ready about 5000 cats on the Warrialpa run, and they have done such excellent work that another army of the natural enemies of the rabbit is to be put in the lield. It is some what difficult to get the requisite number of cats, and as much as 2s 6d each is being offered for them at Blinman. The past experience of the company has shown that no damage is done by the cats, which confirm their attention solely to the unfortunate rabbits. A sitroorrxs afftir which occured in Foot seray, waq rehearsed before Judge Casey, on Tuesday morning. From teis evidence it apReared -that a young man, named John Alfred White, residing in Pickett street, fired at some sparrows, and two of the leaden pellets lodged in the head of a Mrs .,are rctHe~ap of Paisley street. Tule occurrelics?a-s c'darly?acldeatal fai?s '6a the defendant had paid the doctor's bill and his mother had been most kind to the injured lady, tlhe judge gave a verdict for L5 dsages. and costs, instead of the L500 claimedf Aearpentor, named Jqhn Wilkinson, reported to the police on W\ednesday the loss of-his watch and chain. He had been in company with some friends, and missed the article after their departure. TIHE ladies 9f.the )W.C.T.U. hold a social re-union and chocolataire in the Temperance Hall next. Monday evening, at'. half past seven o'clock, and a most pleasing gather ing is anticipated. Tile President of theo Legislative Council issued writes on Tuesday for members to oerve in the following proyinces-Mclbhourno, North Yarra, South Yaiera, Southern, South-Eastern, Nelson; estern, ' Welling ton, South-Western, North-Eatstern; Gipps land, North-Central, Northern, and North Vnetern. A vERY silly stand has been taken by some of the publicans with regard to the increased spirit duties. They have to pay sixpence a bottle more upon cased spirits than befog,; and they have coasequently. decided upon a measure which- practically doubles the price to customers, The ord inary spirit bottle holds nearly, twenty= teven liquid ounces, and pours consequently fourteen very good noblers. Not one man in ten who goes to a bar thinks of taking a two ounce nobbler. Indeed, as the tumbler handed to him, as a rule, only holds five ounces, the fourth of pint,- a two ounce. nobbler.looks like a logfer's drink. Now some of the iublicans have actually furnished themselves with " tiiy??es~ ter measures holding ain ounce; jl!st'the' filling of 4 liquer glass, and attempt to serve whisky in them. Considering that even now all the respect able . groeprs are retailing the vpry beat whisky at 4s Gd the bottle or 222 the gallon. aniid that a gal'0.1 holds `160 ounces, out of ;which the publican, who buys as eheaply as the -grocer, thus seeks to make 80s. It may be: sure that n.any umen will, take advatitage of the depressed times to give up tlhe ridiculous habit of "shouting, "'and willdrink at home. Tue Salvation Army had a groat gatheringi in the Temperance, I?all on Monday night, under Adjutant Purnell and Captain Perry: The ceremony took the form of a limelight exhibition, illustrative of " General +' Booth's. scheme, together with scenes from tlielife and -death of Christ. The special music and singing was exceptionally good, and the entertainment a pronounced success. TirE fortnightly meeting of the A N.A., Williamstown branch, was held on Monday evening, when one new member was ad. nmitted. On the conclusion of ordinary bus. iue-s, the members held a mock municipal contesth'wlhih provokcd rears of laughter. Many of the sp;chlies' woerg genuine comical, and excellent parodies upon the public utterances of counoillors. The evening was one of the most enjoyable upon Ih.' avllabus. The Rowan Car that was to have revolutionised certain suburban traffic has "gone bung". On Monday, while the car was doing duty on the Broadmeadows line the lubricator blew out, and a special train had to be put on to take up the running. The innovation is undergoing another overhaul at the Newport Workshops. Tute railway iraglic returns for the week elding on the 18 inst. show the total reciopts to hav? been L43,S90, as against L4S,703 for the corresponding week of 1891. The returns from passengers, paroels, lmails, &c.;, for the two periods have been L23,.131 and L24.9:lO0 respectively. and those from general goods and ca;ttle tratfie L24,9SS and L29,76i resre stively: Ths aggregate rel lue of. tile dep;rtnient for tlie c~rrryot filnauui:al year to the 18th inst. ?as been L364,8?G, .sconipared with LO8.8SS4, for the correspondiigCperiod of 1891-92, showing weekly averages of L.O2, l4 and L56 933 respectively. The first sii weens of thb current financial year thus show ta faillihg nfi of L.1,016 in the receipts as compared with last y ag; rv;.nsrTAr E will be taken of the quaiderlv social of theo Wiliaigotosvn Congregational Endeavour Seciety oil Tuesday nos. to accord a welcome to Mr EI. Jones, Al4., who has just returned from Europe, after going throuigh a colurse of studies at Han. over and Mansfield College. Mr Jones bag conseated to give on account of his travels. Os Wednesday morning the Customs officials made an extensive. seizure of tobacco and cigars on board: the TR.MI.S. Oruba. The seizure was made by Mr. Hammond, tihe head of the Custonis depart ient at Williamstown, .and :Detective Christie. The Oruba arrived from London on Wednesday, and all dutiable goods should have been handed over to the Customs to be placed under sealwhilst thevessel was inport. The anthorities received information that a quantity of tobacco and cigars, belonging to the stewards, had not been placed under seal, and the ship was consequently searched. The officers discovered over 200 Ib. of tobacco and several boxes of cigars in the stewards' quarters. - As the officers could not discover the owner. of the goods they were confiscated. CoaL for 10a per ton is certainly enough to astonish the natives. liut it is a Ifact, nevertheless, and Mr Taylor, and lMessrs Coo and Son are prepared to supply all their customers at that figure. Is the Banco Court on Thursday, the action of Oatley 6. Sheehan.was disposed of. Tihe process was for the recovery of one rood and eight perches of land having a frontage of 70ft. to Stcvedore-street, Williamstown, and £500 for ti'e meann profits." The plaintilf in action was Mlr Frederick Assugustus Oatley, and the defendant was Mr \Villiatm Shechan, labourer, of Stevedore street, Williamstown. The case for the plaintiff was that on the 2gth of December, 18S, a block of land, of which the land in ttsction formed portion, was sold by the Crown grantees to John Gard. On the 20th March, 1854, John Gard died intestate, and the land descculed to his son and heir-at-law, Williant Gard, who in April, 1889, sold it to George Barnes, who in turn conveyed it, on the 16th Mlarch, 1890, to the plaintiff. The defence set up by the defendant was that early in 1874 he went on to the land, which was then vacant, took possession of ic,-and built a house upon it, in which lie and his sons had lived ever since. His IHonour, after hearing the evidence, gave judgment for the plaintiff with costs for the whole of the land, with the exception of that portion on which the defendant,'s house tstands and its frontage to Stevedore-street. Mr Hayes and rMr Clarke appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr M'Doritt and ilr Amess for the defendant. . TaT .programme at the Sailors' Rest was provided by Miss Smnith, assisted by the' following ladies and gentlemen:- Misses Alibon, Wilkins, Watson, Clarkle. Scott, Murray, Carter. Messrs Ternes, Rolands, Gordon, Smith, Btun, Drew and MIurray. After a splendid programme of songs and recitations, a dialogue entitled " Three April Fools"- was given by Messrs Bann, Rolands and Drew. The whole concluding by singing " God save our Queen." Miss Jamieson will provide the programmne for next Thursday evening. As enjoyable social evening was spent at Mr Devine's residence, the Savings Bank, Ferguson-street on Thursday by a large. gathering of friends. Dancing was indulged in till the small hours of morn. Tis trustees of the Wesleyan Church, Williamstown, have fixed the date for the re.opening of the building. There will be a grand united week-evening demonstration on Friday, September 1Ith, when the Rev. Dr. Watkin and Rev. John Harcourt will officiate and a special choir lead the singing. The re-opening services will be extended over the three Sundays following tile 1ith of next month, when the president of the conference, the Rev. H. Bath, and others will preach. A full account of the building will appear later on. 