"HOW SHALL WK DECIDE THIS QUESTION?'' .VOIP, which is the worse-io faire no appétit, /or ymir dinner, or to have no dinner for yow appetite ? There aro lots of people on the one side ai the other of thia question. When "gooJ digestion waits on appetite and health 01 both," that is thc ideal attitude of a person towards bin meals. But most of ns arc not blessed in that way ; wc cither have too mucli food without an appetite, or a vigorous appe- tite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet tho common sense of it is that, within reason able limits, it ÍB better to have nn appetite without a dinner, because, short cf the star- vation linc, a hungry mau is a healthy man ; whereas a man who onght to cat mid doesn't feel like eating, stands in uccil of "altera- tions und repairs." To illustrate. Wc recently received a com- munication in which tho writer nays, "I was afraid lo eat." Did bc fancy Iiis load was poisoned, ardid his nature rebel against thc nourishment lived on7 If tho latter, why? Lei him clear tho mystery himself. He says, "In the year 1889 I changed roy work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signal mu n twelve mouths, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My month lusted had, BO that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; tho palate, lo put it in that way, npprarcd to hnvc nothing to say to ihcm. One tiling was like another, und anne was good. My tongue was coated ¡ind furred, with a dark line down thc middle mid yellow fur around it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the ehest ami shoulders, which were always right brforo 1 bad calen anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it fuit like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." Wc cannot wonder that under t hese circum- stances our friend failed to do justice to his ?neals. He adds thut there was what he calls "a pricking sensation "at his heart, us tbongh it wore touched with soino sharp in- strument. Then, again, at times he wai attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that tito ewcat rolled off him. "I dreaded" he Bays, "thc thought of eat- ing, and tnmnj a Manly neal Have Inutile, for I Wis afraid to cat." "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by thc fear of " something going to happen " is, ot course, tho fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his posi- tion, his own death, or the death of some- body dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (tho life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to thc brain enfeebled by lack olnourish mcnt. Thc night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," be says, " I Btuck lo my work, for I lind a wife and family dc Fending on me. So I struggled on,- but what suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. / um mrc-no one liar, «äffend io much an I have done." In thc latter statement ho is undoubtedly wrong. One's one pain, is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who ure all thc while going through the e.vnc wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch «¡th them. Well, thc writer finally mentions that after all medical treat munt had left him where it found him bc chanced to rend in a book of a case exactly like hit oicn having been cured by Mother Scigcl's Syrup. " My wife," he says, "got ni« a bottle at Mr. LangstafTs, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents thc ailment left mc and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like thc whole world to know what it did for me. 1 have been employed by thc Midland Railway Com- pany for eleven years. (Signed) "GKOIIUE HI-NT, " Car Bottom Road, " Appcrley Bridge, near Leeds." Wc publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the worid at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 