, Cuttings from the " Sydrey Bulletin" & ' Melbourne Punch." Woman Suffrage will be law in Jlaoriland by next June. Parkes got both his big titles from the British Tory party » " No man no vote" cry the Tories. Of course it is they who have to decide who is " no man." # Gladstone's maiority will not exceed 40 Bat Palmerston led a Parliament for six years with only 13. A man was killed by a sausage-roll in Ballarat one day last week. We often heard of the " death roll." i # John Donaldson, ex-leader of the Queensland Opposition, while a total abstainer from stimu- - I ants, is a devoted slave to tobacco. # Duncan Gillies was once a reporter on the Ballarat Stab. . " Price Warung" has a work on Australian chronology now passing through the English preBS. Lord Brassey is the owner of 40 miles of land, almost entirely uncultivated, contiguous to Perth (W.A.). M'llwraith: "I stand up here a free and independ -lit man and do not care a button for the press of the whole colony." Cheap valour 1 His party have most of the Queensland press in their pocket. IIjr first Governor of Victoria, Colonel Col- liiiSj drew £480 ayear. Governors come higher now. : _ - " ... - ;' - 'V C jr ZjO'lBrassey's father 5 w irking" navvy, at "Liyerpix)!, Who worked .'up till he became a small contractor, and eventually theV .guiding jjeuins of some of the biggest ; TaiiWy-contracts ' iu 'England. ' J . j - -ww S-i w ; :: w " People who drink the rich juice of the:A"s- traliau grape are drinking imprisoned sun shine." says Mr. ShielB. This is why a ' drunk" is said to have been too much in the sun. o » Adelaide possessos a millionaire who is not ambitious to drive anything more pretentious than a very ancient spring cart, and he does the most fashionable drive in this uld rattle trap. » # Sir Henry Parkes said in a speech about three years ago " I feel that death has been staring me in the face for two years past." Sir Henry has e- id en rally stared the destroyer out of countenance. Young Carl Archibald, the Warrnambor.l wonder of 15, whose artistic efforts have won him something like fame at a bodnd, is a broth er of Editor Archibald, of the Sydney Bulletin. The youngster has displayed artistic instincts almost since hedrew his first breath. » Enr'a id has had its Robin H jod, Scotland its Rob Roy, Italy i;s Dampa, and Australia its Ned Kelly. But all th-se must take a seat iu the shade. Not on- of them succ iedeil in defying law and o-der for anything like tbe period rp nt ' at la g " by the famous Corsican bandit, Bellacis-ia, who has just given liim- s-lf up to justice after forty -four years' brigan- dising 1 Judge Williams (Vic.), lately sentenced a woman to be hanged — and hanged she will b<-, probably. Anna Louisa O'Brien seems to have poisoned off an old farmer named Cornwall, with whom she lived, at Beulah, Vic., in order to take up with Piato. a farm labourer. The chosen drug was arsenic, and the vehicle was soup. By the way, it was Judge Williams' father who sentenced the only wonian yet hanged, ae far as we reniember, in Victoria. . . ----- — : Max O'Bell can see lio character in tbe Aus tralians, it appears. Therefore, there is to be no book. A .nan who took upon himself to lecture a Broken Hill miner on thefolly ofallegsd indis criminate intemperance on the part of his class, and on the wisdom of saving his £3 a week to invest in shares, had better leave the book busi ness alone as regards Australia. » Paddy O'SulIivan, M.P. (Q-I, says he knew a Queensland Minister who, when he first became M.P., used to buy tbe whole of his speeches for one session for JE5. The writer knewan Austra lian pars <n (once a qi/asi-prcssman) who had "Colonial s ramus" written lor him at half-a- crown ap'ece ; five shillings, for any discourse which took more than 20 minutes to reel off; a shilling extra for three veises of original poetry or any stirring event of the day. In N.S.W. Suprrfhe Court recently a newly- fledged barrister, son. ton, of a remarkably clever Judge, was endeavouriug to cross-examine a shrewd business man. He bad a h>-ap of pass and cash books in front of him and was hopeless ly floundering amongs: the fig r s when he re ceived some apparently great idea from the at tendant a lornoy and with austerity said. " Witness, did you sell Mr. Hote! ke> per a con signment of brandy i' " Yes." " Did he pay you?" "Yes." " No -v be careful ! where is the receipt he gave you for the payment ?" Roars of laughter. » A Sydney barber lately went mad. He'd have a man half shaved, and (Den suddenly hold the razor aloft, and fix his stony gaze upon the ceiling. The wretch in the chair would then perceive that he was at the mercy of a crank. Some men would spring out of the chair and knock the lunatic endways aud-then dash out into the street liatl ss and coatless and with one cheek covered with latln r ; others would sit there petrified for half-an-hour, with the per spiration trickling down into their boots. The poor crank is now in Gladesville. . Laboucbero is excluded from Gladstone's Ministry because Queen Victoria and Co.," whom U r-, Lnr- 1 r\\-rt , » O T1 H C?r»r»n j-l cMfflllv QMrl U L 4l,lC OU f V_X J + J criticised, naturally don't like him. So you see that Her Gracious, whose feelings have to he considered first and foremost, is not the expen sive dummy tbe apologists for the throne repre sent her to be. Another argument for the Re public. « » A settler on a desolat : sand-patch in adisma' ghost-strewn, spectre-haunted region near the GreaL Australian Bight claims to own Leichardts long-lost mule which is flourishing to this day. He is alb-go i to have been found at some indefi nite place in the far interior with an aboriginal legend attached to him to the effect that lie was one of a party which travelled inlo the interior some 650 odd moons ago. Therefore, the animal is understood to be 00 years old. on a rough es timate, which rather corroborates the story than otherwise, for heaven and earth may p ass av.-ay but the mule dieih not, bnt goeth on for ever : aud when tbe end of the world comes, the chan ces arc that the last man will he a mule, and it is quite as likely to he Leichardt's mule as any other. » A horse yam from the South. Two owners X and Z, had horses entered for the big Handicap, and each feared the other's horse only. After a little shuffling thev agreed to do a trial over the .„„hJif n n ti ,1 Vvr»fli f r\ Im r-.\r i Vi burse. After the horse had gone about two furlongs, X's horse fell into the rear and pulled up dead lame : the other finished excellently well, and Z. condoling with his unfortunate friend, hurried in and backed his horse down to 6 to 4. IV hen the actual race came off the lauie (?) nag went to the pole and, beating his field at tile distance, won as he liked, his owner netting a nice sura from tbe books, and the majority of the totaiisator money. How was it done? Well, get a piece of fine catgut, and brushing the hair up just above the fetlock tie tbe catgut firmly round the joint and brush the hair down again. It defies detection. When the pressure through galloping comes on the sinews the horse soon feels the pain, and there you arel A warm fomentation takes away auy ill effects. That this happened is a very solemn fact. The Sydney Bulletin is not always particular as to facts. It says : — " One more nigger has been duly scragged by the strong arm of the law at Geraldton (W.A.) on a charge of mnrder. A settler named Waldeck had lost, or said he had lost' some sheep, and without am ceremony he seized the nearest native by the hair and tied him up to a tree, whether with a view of com mitting a brutal assault upon him. orshnoting him, or keeping him prisoner without law or evidence for an indefinite time, doesn't appear. Also, as Waldeck is dead now this point will never be cleared, up. During the white man's absence the aboriginal escaped, and discovering this fact Waldeck mounted his horse and went in pursuit. He presently overtook the heathen and deliberately fired atjhim four times, and then the black individual (much the better shot off the two) threw a spear by way of response, and Waldc-ck was never of any more use. The juiy hesitated to convict at first, on the grouud.that the white man being the agressor, the aboriginal probably used his weapon in self-defence, but the court pointed out that Waldeck must have either fired on one side or over the nigger's head, else he noyld have hit him and under these ruuuiviuunnuquBiw jeiiLov vvno aciiug uuj usii- fiably., .Therefore, mo nigger is allowed to shoot back in W.A. unless be has been killed in the first place ; If he defends himself befere be is killed he'll"; be hanged, and if jhe does it after he is killed be'lLnaturally be dead. Sentence pt. death by hanging, as usual, the Lord being requested to have mercy on a small aboriginal's soul. This iB no hurlesqu" : our narrative is based on' tbe evidence as solemnly reported in the W.A. papers." «- « Cholera rjs„as far as the present generation is concerned, a- product of so-called civilisation. It started originally in China, from which over crowded country . most epidemics that have ever afflicted Europe seem to have sprung, and. after making comparatively slow walking pro gress, waB carried into Russia "rapidly by the Tralis-Caucasiau; railway If:, pi the pi kienf this haart thq-Wlji t-e ! Czar ; bad rained 'from , ! ordering a.rgrjMU1' td .be tnade .to: iMerv.the: cholec/i, might have ' died out on ij '-vyaybu t f military considerations were paramount ig his: Tmpexi'd' th, iravlway jRs'maied The; Hie; dinee in quest&A.; .'Rllj feiieicapitals of Eurojiar- -Afi'x-e'inl will prbbably Carry. i£ out to has advance# an extent during? the? jpakf'.khicadg that ubtynlv Life, 'but Death Can be ; imported-Yvithbiit if. ar of injury on. the voyage. The passage from England to Australia by steamer taking. las it dees now, something' tinder forty days—and the worst part of tiie passage occurring in the stifling Ited Sea, where even a healthy person finds existence a trouble — is not likely to afford much chance for a disease to work itself out. 