POETRY AND TRIFLES. COLUMBUS. Behind htm lay the grey Azores, Boblnd the Gata of Hercule» : Before him not the ghost of shores, Before him only inórele» seas. Thc (rood mate Bold : " Now must we pray, For lo 1 the very stan ai« gone. Brave Adm'ri, speak 1 what shall I my ?' " Why, say,1 Boll on 1 mil on Ï and on 1' " 41 Hy men grow mutinous day by day ; My tnen grow ghostly wan and weak." The stout mate thought of home : a spray Of salt wave washed his swarthy cheek. " What shall I say, brave Adm'ri, say. If we sight naught but seas at dawn T** " Why, you sholl say at break of day, 'Salt on 1 sall on 1 sall on 1 and on V" They sailed and sailed, as winds might blow. Until at last the blanched mate said : " Why, now not eran God would know Should I and all my tuen fall dead. These very winds forget their way, j For God from these dread seas ls gone, i Now speak, brave Adm'tl : speak and say-" He «aid ; " Sall on 1 sou on 1 and on 1" They sailed. They sailed. Then spoke the mate : *' This mod sea shows its teeth to-night. Uc curls hui Hp, lie lies in wait, With lifted teeth, ai lr to bite 1 Brave Adm'ri, cay but one good word ; What shall we do when hope ts gone 7* The words leapt as a leaning ttword : " Soil on 1 sail on ! sail on 1 and ott 1" Then, pale and worn, he kept his deck, And peered through darkness. Ah, that night Of all dark nights ! And then a speck A light ! A light ! A light 1 A light 1 It imw, « «larill flag unfurled 1 It grew to be Time's burst of dawn. Ile gained a world ; he gara that world Its grandest lesson : ** On 1 and on !" J04QCIK MILIAR. I "I wonder what old Ueneral X eau see in that odiously made up Mies W ?" " The old warhorse likes the smell of powder, I fancy." " Things are coming my way to-night," re- marked the cat, as he gazed pensively on the heaps of old boots, tin cana, etc., with which he had been presented. Mrs. O'Ball: "This ls the Beventh night you've come home in the morning. The next toime you go out, Mr. O'B., you'll stay at home and open the door for yersilf." Hasbley : " I congratulate you ! You are comfortably settled-old wine and old gold for life!" Flashley: "Not so well off either ; to get the old gold I hod to take an old wife." " My frens," said thc officiating clergyman at the marriage of two coloured persons at Cincinnati, " My frens, it am a serious thing to get married, 'specially when both parties is orphans an' haint got no parent to fall back on, as am de present case." Physician (to his patient, a hurried busi- ness-man on the verge of bankruptcy) : " And above al), preserve entire equanamity of mind, have no care, no trouble." Patient: "Thanks, doctor, for your prescription. By the way, where can I have it made up ?" "80 you proposed to her. Accepted, of course ? ' ' Accepted ? Why she treated me like a dog." " Allow me to congratulate you old fellow. I saw how Bbe treated one the other day, and, by Jove, how I envied that dog !" " Bailiff," said an Arkansas judge one day last week to the officer in charge ot the jury. " will you inform the jury that there will be a horse race at three o'clock ?" The jury had been ont for forty-eight hours, but in less than thirty minutes they came into court with a verdict Mrs. Lovely : " My dear, you must accept some one of your many admirers soon. " Miss Vera Lovely: "Why mamma?" "Because the parlour carpet near the sofa is getting all worn ont where they have got down on their knees to propose." A Yorkshire vicar once received the follow- ing notice regarding a marriage from a rrisboner :-"This is to give you notis that and Miss Jemima Arabella Brearley is coming to your Church on Saturday afternoon ncx to undergo the operation of matrimony at your hands. Please be promp, as the cab is hired by the hour." Thc "operation " was performed in due course. "You must honour your parents," the Sunday-school Superintendent said to the new boy. "I am sure you obey your mother." " Yes, sir 1" came the reply with an emphasis tbat rather startled the questioner. "And you and your little brother here always show her respect, don't you?" "You bet we does. Why, she kin lick dad, she kin." " Why have you discontinued the publica- tion of your paper?" was asked of an editor. "Well," was the reply, "you see several weeks ago I waB taken ill, and was compelled to miss an issue. Afterwards, in looking over ?ny books, I discovered that I had made more n the number I missed than on any other u mber that I issued, so I thought if that's ohe way the newspaper business paid I would nlearout." Let the novice in bee culture, who is about making his debut in the business not be too particular about the kind of hives or »train of bees he is about to purchase. If they are in old box-hives, and black bees at that, says The Farm Journal, if they are strong and he can get them cheap, let him buy them. Transferring them into any modern hives that may bo selected and Italianizing them are good exercises for a beginner. If be perform the manipulation successfully it will beget confidence, enlarge his experience, and strengthen his faith in the principles of the art. The latest model of the Gatling gun is designed for usc by thc police, or for guarding railway trains, banks, and vessels, lt weighs ouly 741b., and may be carried by one man, or with all its accessories by a horse or mule. It can be mounted on a police patrol waggon, and used for dispersing rioters with os much effect as a company of soldiers. It bas six barrels, and fires 800 shots a minute, at all angles of elevation or depression. The weapon, which is receiving the attention of thc American Government officials, is manu- factured by thc Gatling Gun Co,, at Hart- ford. Sponges that have become slimy and un filcBBant to the touch should be allowed to ie for some hours, or even a day or two, in water in which a large lump of common soda has been dissolved. The water should bc changed frequently, and each time the sponge should be squeezed and pressed with the hand. Sponges Bhould never be wrung ; it breaks their fibre and injures their elasticity. They should bc squeezed dry, nnd unless it is absolutely necessary soap should not be used with them. Soup very Boon spoiU a sponge, and when the two must be used together thc eponge should be squeezed in warm water and rinsed in cold water before it is put away. Simple tilings arc often of much benefit, and lemons and common table salt have much that is usoful about them. Lemon juice and water, without Buger, will oftentimes relieve one of a Bick headache in a short time, and half a gill of lemon juice three tiinea a day in a little water is said to bo good for rheu- matism. Nothing is so acceptable to a feverish person as lemonade, and for cough that refuses to bo quieted I huvc tried the following preparation with success :-Take tile white of au egg, boateu stiff; then add the juice of a lemon in which two or three lumpB of sugar have been disolved, and keeping it near at hand take a tablespoonful of it at a time uutil relieved. A very good way of preparing lemons when they arc Îilentiful is to put them on in cold water, etting them boil until they aro soft; then squeeze the juice from them, getting more than in any other way, and udding the sugar to taste, or to every half-pint af juica put one pound of loaf sugar aud bottle. Another comfortable use fur lemon is to bind a thin slice upon a corn that is troublesome at night, aud repeat once of twice. It will greatly rolieve thc soreness. Then if tho hands arc stained from medicine or any other cause, rubbing them with lemon after the juice is extracted will restore them. Table linen or any such articles that becomo stained can bo restored by the application of lemon juica and table salt, then placed in the sun, and stains removed by rubbing dry starch in at once ; repeating it. 