THE RIGHT SORT.' d OMA.NOGE OF1 THE SHIRES. BY BnE. EDWARD KENNAIWD. SCHAPTER XIV.-A Fn::;:D n; N:a:n. By time-honoured custor the opening meet of BLr Beauchamp Lonard's hounds was invariably held atStaploton. In olden days, during the lifteo?thelate lamented Squire, Stapleton Hall -hq, besn renowned for a generous hospitality. From the richest to the poorest, people were librally regaled, and nobody was ever sent -?ipty away from the doors of the moat poplar and bemt-hearted fellow in the country. uach wa~s ho verdict of the public. But, alas! life Is fleeting, and in course of time this ex cellent gentleman was gathered to his fore. fathers, and his oldest son, Duberly Stapleton, :took up the reins of oflice. The latter cared little for sport, and, although a staunsch pro seirvor of foxes, seldom honoured the county -hounds with his presence. Stapleton Hfall was a fine old structure, built in the Gothic style of architecture. It stood on an eminence, from which an extensive view of the surrounding country was obtain able. In a hollow immooiately to the rear of the hoese lay a large piece of ornamental wator, on whose smooth surface a pair of stately, long-notked swans swam gently to and :fro, turning their slender necks from side to ,side, while their white plumago gleamed like snow in the morning sun. From the left bank .of this lake a well-timbered wood, known by the name of Stapleton Hillsido, and intersected :b many winding paths, rose steeply up, while -Ia front of the rosmdonce an unbroken expanse Sof andolating grass, not unlike the billows of 'the sea, presented iteolf to the eye. 'About three hundred yards beyond the :house a depression in the ground formed a sort of valley, from whose sides sprung -a couple of thickly goreed coverts several acres In extent. They wero renowned as a veritable ,stronghold of foxes, from which the " varmint" washard to dislodge; but numerous as these were in point of numbers, and apparently line, .healthy, well-grown animals, it was a most un usual thing for a homebred St:pleton ever to do much more than vacillate botweoa gorse and Ilillside, until the pxtience of hounds, huntsman, and field fairly came to an end. All through the forenoon, directly a move was made, Roynard slunk hither and thither at least hlf-a-dozen being on foot at one time asd the screeching, hooting, shouting, and galloping never ceased for one moment, to the aten?a delight of the swarms of foot people who made the opening moot an excuse for for saking their legitimato occupations, and taking a regular holiday. But whent little by little the crowd began to disperse, and the Stapleton foxes had once more fully sustained their oun enviable reputation, Dick Slant, the huntsman, byorder of Sir Beauchamp, trotted the hounds stralghtawayoff to Maddington Gorse, from, wfhich place a worthy yokel had just brought the welcome piece of intelligence that a lno old dog fox had been viewed by himself stealing up the warm and sheltered sides only a few minutes previously. To Stirrup's intense con sternation, King Olat having during the pro coding day given utterance to one or two ominous-sounding coughs. Kate at the last minute had found herself obliged to fall back upon Orisaotte. Now all through the morning the grey had proved exceedingly fractious and irritable, refusing to stand still for one single second, anon plunging her head violently for wards with an impatient jerk which almost dragged the reins out of Kato's hands, again eaddenly tossing it on high, till her face was in imminent danger. The short gallops hitherto indulged in between the goreo and the Hillside, -alternating with periods of prolonged inaction, hadappareutly a:onsed the marc's impetuous temperament to a dangerous point, and rendered her far from a pleasant mount. Added to this, she displayed the still graver fault of lashing out int the gateways, so that having badly kicked an unoffending quadruped that Shad pressed upon her more closely than eho deemed advisable, Grisetto had quickly gained for herself a disagroeable notoriety, and was pointed out as " that brute" by people who and:boeen eyoe-witnesses of the transacticon. When, therefore, directly hounds went into addington Gorse, the welcome "Tally ho! tally ho!" followed by a prolonged and do ilighted screach of "Hark forrard ! Gono away i" reached her eare, Kate folt the pros pact of a scurry, however. short, to be an positive relief. One thing was certain, Grisotto could .not possibly behavo worse, and the chances were in favour of some of her irritability sub aiding, once hounds were fairly under weigh. At the first sounds of Dick Slant's horn the field started into sudden vitality, and galloped Ssan? al for the roost convenient gate. -lt - 'tyddanae.. u n s ourely bsatedu and thu iwcui offdismounting and heaving stofh its hinges, rowing to the extremo impatience of theo crowd. *:proved -unusually long, coveral minutes of '..aluable time being tuian unavoidably lost,. .while people stood by and cursed and swore as f lthe most terrible calamity had happened, and lhairvery lives depended upon the ionstataneous -removal ofr the unwelcome obstacle. Now im mediatelyl to the right stretched a very big but nevertheless jumpablo fence. It was a bit too big, however, at starting, when jumping still bore the charm of novelty, and practice had n-itas yet rendered eoatl secure and nerve con fideat. The huntsman, though, could not * aftord such considerations when his hounds were in full cry, so without more than a passing hgsitation he charged the fence and got over, followed by a Colonel Clinkeo r on a grey horse, who cleared the whole thing beautifully, and Sthese two thus gained quite a flfty yards' start On the barricade division. rMounted on King Olaf or the Duckling, for either of them iu s?ired her with courae, Katoe would have dearly liked to followeuit, but it appeared de \- eidedly rash to attempt doing so on an untried animal, who so far had certainly not succeeded inmakiug a very favourableo impression on her mistress. There are occasions, however, whoaen the actions are determined without voluntary ?ffort, and this was ono-at least so far as Kato was concerned-for while she was standing a little outide the crowd, fearful of Grisetto's heels inflicting further injury, and waIting for the gate to be removed, the mare took the bit between her teeth and pulling like a demon, in a set resolute fashion which de Sled any attempt at resistance, charged full tilt at the fence before Kate fairly roalised what eho was abhout. Finding herself absolutely power -less to control the animal's movements, ohe wisely desited in her ondeavouro to do so, and thereby probably saved herself a fall. She eat -perfectly still, gavo Griottoe her head, and the next manntowmth a crash and a smoash which sounded do:idely alarming in the ears of a novice, and which sent the topmost twigo flying Iq every direction, the mare landed for into h next fieold. The noise of breaking brancheo caused Colonel Clinker to turn round in his saddle, and, when he perceived the girl, to cry ·ont s Bravo" approvingaly. But seeing nato safely over, and no harm done, he dsid not dlminishhiaspeed, for now the hounds wero etimply racing in their front across big grass pastures, pointing s if for Stornow, a thickly enored and very uasnnagotiablto bit of country, which took a deal of doieg, s Colonel Clinker had often found to his cost. In the ltrgo, moist Ilds the enadtslhen greow long and yellow, cling .ng to the horses' loge, reaching almost up to their hooeks, and rendering it extremely difwicult to d avoid emell cut drains which intorsected them, anid which made ridit fsuet a aork of .snsiderable denger, eepocially with an animal mot absolutely in hant d Lut the pace was too great to allow of hositalion. It really began to look as if they were in for a gooevd thing, and as If for once neent wa all that eit ought to be. a they toro along, Kato'e otnergie worn entirely dovotedtositting farbackl in the saddle •od preventing Grioteto from running away altogether. Sho wan to that unpleasant posti ot-n when the conseciosecss of utter wealnces, pitted against brute force, preentl itself to athe .mind. If the maro made the slightest falso htap they might bretk their necs together for osne caaamity. Still the situatin wan dencidodly -exiting, for now, cloe under Stornow villav, the bounds made a sharp detour to the rioft, 'which completely upset the calculations of the read and point rider, counsriltineg the tgreat -bal of the field, who by thii manenuvra were ' ?opheossly thrown out, no that none but the imm -uediate followera wero teot in attoedanc on the flytiner beauties. eanwhileo Grisoetto was pulling like a mad thing, and Katoe' face, from -the errtion of eondcavouriong to hold her, ro seinbled a fufllgrown peony. Her arms ached andl ingltod from the suckoe to the riorte, and worse than all, a tremulo?es dead ensovation had bergun to overal - them, deopriving them of the littloe strength they stll poesosvoed. Tho fences, -to, now came in rapid e ccesion, one after the ether, almost .a fost ao they could jump them -big, fair flying fences, guarded by ditches, \- --ltof grave into graSe-a enaguitlcesat country, -but one that undoubteily dimianled a falehed hunter. As heo swept ever, or rather through, 'eacchimpediment in its turn, thl utmost Hate could do was to koep the mare'e head straight \- hed trust to Providence, for Grisetlo had n egly way of chancinig tp-hindler incm, mnaner dy to well calculated to otrieo terror into the She rt of her rider. Ncvertheloeo, op till now, inepiredby thoe eample of the soed eeey hlrse ain front, ehe held her own, deasite suandry narrow escapes, and kept her place coio in TT sasione b eci aegreneot witih Ward, Lack, his wake. Grisetto's faults were many, as Kate had not been long in discovering; but the most heinous one of refusing could not be numbered in the catagory of her shortcomings. The very sight of a fence seemed to add to her natural mnpetuosity, and though unpleasantly chary of height, width presented no obstruction whatover. iTh:a was not much fear of her leaving her ined legs floundering in the ditch, eo that afilter bit, findingshe got over some hoaw, even though notquite so cleanly as oho was in the habit of doing, Kate grow tolerably accustomed to the maro's peculiar style of jumping, and became almost reconciled to the recurring sound ef the breaking twigs as they flew before Grisettu's forelegs like arrows shot from a bow. lHer blood by this time was in a glow, fear had lost its restraining influenceo, caution had Clad to the winds; her one idea, her one thought, was to keep near to that good grey at any hazard. Rather than lose a yard, she felt prepared to smash every bone in her body. The pace at which they were goingintoxicated her. Those who hunt themselves, having doubtless often realised the sensation, will recall times when they have ridden their very best under similar circumstances, and will sympathio with what less adventurous spirits might term this dare devil, foolhardy mood of the gilrl's. Colonel Clinker, on 8novllake, once become conscious that fato Bro wser was following closeo in his footsteps, had several times turned round in the course of the run and shouted to her to come fast or slow, as the case might be, at any particular fence, and during these brief glances he perceived that in spite of Kato's courage and good horsemanship, Grisotto had completely overpowered her mistress, and was far from being a safe conveyance. But there was little time for reflection. Since theyhadloftStornow, the hounds had never faltered for a second, but flown along with a breast-high scent. Very foew woere with them. D)ick Slant, the hunteman, and Colonel Clinker cut out the work, the latter with Kato in attendance, and behind them not more than a dozen horvemon, each riding his hardest, with eyes eagerly bout on the racing pack, that, in a compact body, streamed on, on, on, without a straggler or laggard among the number, in stern and terrible silence. The yokel had boeen right when he testified to Maddington Gorse holding a good old dog-fox, who had brought thern along In a style not often senor, even in the crack huntingcounty of Great Britain. But now Pug seemed to change his point, and again bore away to the right. The pace began to toll upon himn, as well as upon the horses, and he sought a convenient refuge, leaving the sound and springy turf which hitherto he had closely adhered to, and making for the diffticult country all round about Bhepperton, a village con sploeous by a solitary windmill standing on a bin round hill, which formed a landmark to.the surrounding neighbourhood. The fences here were. regular "man traps,"- guarded on one oreither side by stiff wooden rails, com monlycalled "oxere." Two ploughed fields, heavy and binding, now lay in front of the pursuers, the first of them boigeseparated from the arable land by a tall and uncommonly hairy bullfinch. Dick Slant pulled his clever hunter up to a trot, and after some persuasion and jobbing in the mouth, managed to bore a way through, and then pop off the bank over the ditch on the far aide, and the well-trained Snowflake did likewise. It was eminently a a place where a good steady horse showed to advantage, bat it was useless asking Grisette to go slowly or to double. She rushed at the bullfinch in her usual wild wild manner. The reins were torn out of Xato's hands, and she herself nearly dragged off backwards. Never theless, she got over safely, though in rather a sorry plight. Herhat was battered in, and a sharp thorn had caught her face, and scratched it to such an extent that the blood flowed freely. "The brute!" said Colonel Clinker indig nantly, as he saw the red drops making their slow way down her disflgured cheek. "Why on earth does she want to go a thousand miles an hour at everything she comes across!" " That's just what I can't tell you," gasped Kale, applyiug her pocket-handkerchief to the injured part. "All I know is, it's exceedingly unpleasant." lut they had no time for further talk, for the hounds, though runuing rathermore slowly, were still advancing steadily over the sticky clay fallows. Now there are certain horses who can not get along at all in heavy, wet soil. Evon anumals that are very decent stayers on the top of the ground collaplo altogether whoen their hoofs sink fetlockl-deep in the eoft earth. Directly, they entered the plough, Grisetto began to labour and falter in her stride. She stretched her head forwards, the white foam 'thered the reins like soap-suds, while the mare's mane hung damp and straight in stcamin!l wisps upon her dripping neck. Sho had clearly shot her bolt, and norn dropped Theavy on the lhand, a hhllthougB eeesdi puUiir. sad ntoathingrat the bridle. As they crosedo (he second ofthe two ploughed fields she oub aided from a gallop to a canter, from a canter to a feeble lurching trot. Still it would never doto stop with the pack now well ahead, and, Kate determined to struggle on to the end, cotilo qni coric. She was by no means insensib.e to the danger of riding a beaten animal, only she could not bring her self to cease following the hounds when up till now she had hold so good a place and enter tained such a pleasant consciousness of having gone really well. Nevertheless, what but a tow short minutes ago, in spite of Grinotto's little eccentricities, had appeared to her the summit of human enjoyment, gradually assumed a painful and alarming nature. Sho began to speculate on the probable duration of the run, and devoutly wished for its prompt termination, or at least a prolonged and highly welcome check. If something did not happen, and that soon, she would be forced noes reol,ens to give in, for to feel that wretched Grinotte sobbing and labouring under her, to see the limp neck and distended nostril, to hear the catching breath and palpitating heart, going like a sledge-hammer, to watch the convulsive jcrkings of the quivering tail, and the spasn meodic heavings of the panting flank, had bhocome both pitiful and vexatious in the middle of a good ran. Fortunately there was grass once more ahead, and only a small straggly fence intervening betweecon it and the plough. With a faltering leap, followed by a real bad peck and a desperate struggle to regain her Footing, Grisatto got over it, bearing away on her molat brow the marks of mother earth. " That was a near thing," thought Kate. IIowover a miss is as good as a mile, according to the old saying." Her spirit rose within her in spite of this mishap, for she hoped that the light going, added to some judicious nursing on hot part, might succeed in pulling the mare through after all. But thoese hopes wore destined to be of very short duration, for to her dismay about a couple of hundred yards off loomed an immenso retakes-and bound fence, newlytrimmed, with a binder running all along the top as thick as a man's arm, and apparently ten thou sand times more unyielding-an obstacle, even on the fittest and freshest of horses, entitled to great respect. Colonel CliLker, when he saw it in the distance, took a pull at Snowflake and waited for Kiate to come up almost alongside. " For heaven's snake," he said in a voice full of anxiety, "take care what you are about ! Your mare's dead boat, and I don't half like your goisig at it." 'I can't poseibly ehow the white feather now," came the answeor betoeen her set teeth. "At all events," he esaid, "let me go first. There's just a chance of Snowflake's carrying away the binder, or making a hole somewhere. Put the mare steadily at the fence and keep her well in hand, for she's bound to scramble terribly." But the gallant Snowflake for once failed to eatify his mastoer's aspirations. lie collelcd himself for an effort and flow the obstacle like a bird, with at least a foot to spare. There nas little fear of his bringing topbmders away. So great, however, was Colonel Clinker's anxiety that he pulled him back almost to a standstill, in order that he might watch how Kate fared. Urging the mare on by heel and voice, the girl rode bravely at the fence; but oven before Griaotto took oilff she know for certain they wore bound to come to grief. There was no answer leg response to her call, no elasticity of motion or willingness of spirit, nothing but a dis hearteoning reluctance to proceed. A horrible crash, a violent fall, a recolleotion of the mnar rolling backwards and fo-wards over her body, followed by the death-like feeling of a heavy crushing weight pinning her to the ground, were I£tet's immediate sensa tions. Far too beat to attempt rising from the placo where she had fallen Grisetto laid on tlhe helpless girl, grunting with terror, every now nec then hittetm out with her hind logs, which momentarily throeatened to dash the hoead of her unfortenato rider to pieces. Each minute it seemed as if the deadly Iron hoofs must prove fatal. "Good Godl!" exclaimed Colonel Clinkor, hbateuing to diamount. "I nrever saw sa wore fall in mylife; she will be killed, to a certainty. IHere, one of you fellows," he said to a couple of men who had just corne up, " hold my horee, will you There is not a minuts.o to be loit. Weo must get her asway somerhow." Hisi face was ghantly, with not a vestiga of colour left il it; still his presoernce of mind did :ot des?ert hin. In any emergency he was quick to dlecid, upon a course of action, and he ears at a gliace thet ocring to the danger of OGeetto hicking oat yet more siolently, it I ould be sol oe auttnemptine to deraw ster's Sprstrats body 1mm under her byim.in strength. The hest chance appeared to be to got the mare on her legs as quickly and as quietly as pos sible. The risk might hoa groat, but it must be run, there was no help for it. "The briitf will struggle," he said. "However, it's a case of Idll or cure, and we ran only act for the beat. Delay eon do no good." Kite in her dangerous position heard the words. "You are right," she said, looking at him with a faint smile. "Delay can do no good, and I promiso to keep as still as a mouse.' The relief of hearing her speak these few words and of knowing she retained her senses was so immonse that it lightened half the load of care weighing on Jack Clinker's heart. "That's right," he said more cheerily. "Trust to us, and all will come well yet. I?e hanu't let any harm .happen to you if we can hel p it." Sho tried to answer, but her face paled sud denly, as just then Grisotte gave a fresh atruggle, and the iron hoofs missed her head by the eoilith of an inch. " aloss the girl!" said Colonel Clinker to himself, " what a good plucked 'un she is, to be euro! She has never screamed once, al though I fear she must be in great pain." And he was right, though she would have scorned any outward expression of the fact, for her breath came hard and slow, and a sickly renration was stealing over her. To be so near a sudden and awful death, to roaliao all its terrors in that first swift, overpowering im pulao of physical fear and human weakness common to mankind, was an experience not lightly to be encountored oven by the bravest. Kate did not call cut or faint, but in those few moments when she lay under Grisetto she lived n lifetime, Suffoering, retrospection, memory, hopes and doubts were all condonsed in that brief period. Like in a mirror, the actions of her girlhood presented themsolves to her mind -her dear dead uncle, the old home, Herbert, lMaggio, Mary Whitbread, and a host of con fused thoughts. How was it that the life she had often professed to disdain appeared so sweet at the first proslpect of losing it i' Vhy did she suddenly cling to it with such a strange tenacity, when one good blow of Grisotto's hoofs could so easily put an end to earthly struggles ? She could not have told, or given herself any satisfactory reason for this cha ge of fooling, which at twenty-two was only thoroughly natural, being but the strong vitality of youth rebelling against possible death. Mleantimo several people flocked round the spot where disaster had taken place, for bad as human nature is represented, there are always a certain number of folks ready if an accident occurs, even when hounds are running hard, to give up their own immediate enjoyment and come to the assistance of their less fortunate fellow-creature. Perhaps the consciousness that one good turn deserves another, and that their own time may be near at hand, has some thing to do with the truly lamaritan spirit which unquestionably exhibits itself in the hunting.field. A man who will jump on you almost as soon as look at you will nevertheless often give up a good run in in ase of an emer. gecy arising. Colonel Clinker aided by several kindly volunteers, now seized Grizetto by the head and flank, and with all his force attempted to raise her from the ground. Twice she made a sort of half effort, and twice, her legs seeming to slip from under her, she rolled back on the girl; but at the third essay, and after a short though desperate scramble, during which Colonel Clinker held up (risotte's neck with an iron grasp, she managed once more to regain her footing, and stood on all fours, snorting and shaking like an aspen-leaf. Kate layper fectia still, for the two last rolls had crushed her sorely. "Are you terribly hurt P" alked Jack Clinker fearfully, bending over the prostrate form. "Dear meo! she is isenosiblel" he added in alarm, when no immediate answer was forth coming. Hiss words and anxious perturbed face braced Kato to fresh effort. " No, I'm not," she answered bravely, though her lips quivered as she spoke. " At least," correcting herself, for she had never felt as she did now, and was not very sure what might happen next, " at least, not quite. I s?aIl be better in a little, I dare say." " Ah, the brute rolled right over you several times. However, I hope you will feel more like yourself in a few mmu?es. You've had an ugly shaking." " Thanks, ' she replied. "You're all so kind to me, and I hate myself for making such an absurd fuss, but I think I shall do now." She tried to raise herself upon her elbow as ohe spoke, but the movement cansed such dis comfort she was glad to desist from the effort. "' Give her a drop of brandy," suggested one. " Undo her habit," said a second. " Loosen her collar," advised a third. " Cut her stay ace," hazarded a fourth. " Stand her up," exlaieuod a fifth ignorant but woll-intentioned onlooker. " Do nothing of the sort, gentlemon," said Colonel Clinker, decidedly. " Lot the lady have nlenty of air, and don't all crowd round her together. She wants to be loft quite still for a bit, and allowed to remain whore she is a few minutes uitil she comes round. In fact," he added, with a keeneor insight into Kato's probable wishes than was poesesned by the rent of the assembled company, "I really hardly know if it is necessary to detain you any longer. It's a pity for you all to lose your sport, and I will remain with the young lady. I foel sure oshe would rather you lost no more time." " Oh, yes !" interrupted Kate, " it makes me quite unhappy that so many people should have their fun spoilt on my account. Please go." Thus admonished, one by one the little crowd dispersed, until .ack Clinker was the solo member of it loft. "I wish you'd go too," maid she, directly they found themselves alone, with a remnant of her old pride. " I've been quite bother enough as it is, and I dareseay Stirrup will ap. pear before very long. I don't the least mind being loft alone, and I can't boear the idea of your not seeing the finish of so good a run." " Hounds are miles away by this time," he answered indifferently, " and though I admit it ewas a good run, it is by no means the first and, please God, by na means the last I shall take part in. So don't vex yourself about that. I'm not altogether such a solflsh savage as to leave a lady all by herself in circumstances like ths present." Hie hesitated for one moment, and then added, " especially you." She could not have told why, but his answer comforted her. She had bogged him to leave her, but at the same time she had not wanted himb to go, and now he disclaimed the intention of quitting her so peremptorily that she do sisted from any further persuasion. " You are very good," she said once more, " and I suppose you wlil take your own way, whatever I urge to the contrary." " WVay ? Why, of course, I shall ; I'm used to having my own way in everything, as you'li 0oon find out," he answered cheerily. fis ad. miration for her cool courago was rising fast. At that moment all thought of fox and hounds had vanished from his mind. His next action wasto take off his rod coat, roll it into a ball, and place it under the girl's head. "Thore, that's better, is it not ?" he said. " Makes a sort of pillow. Do yoea feel cold at all? I wish to goodness I hnad something to throw over you and keeoop you warm. After all I was a fool sending those follows off in such a hurry, but I began to ba afraid they might annoy you. They meaon well, but have not a bit of tlct." " I'mvery glad you did," she said with a smile. " Some of their suggestions were posi tively alarming. I?ut won't you catch cold without any coat ?" That simple nact had touched her woman's lacrt, and predisposed her mor more in his favour than all that had gone before. It testified to a chivalrous and klndly nature. "Not I. Do you think I'm barlsy-augar to melt in the sun or the rain, as the case may be? But we moot not lot you stay hero too long, for there is such a thing us rheumatiam in this world. Do you think you could get up now if I were to help you a little? )Don't bo in any hurry, unless you feel inclined, only perhaps it may be wiseo to make an "I'1 try," she naid, submissively. " I feel much better than I did a little while ago." "Capital! That quiet has done yeou good after all I have had so many falls of one iort and another myself that I know from ex perience what a relief it is, when one is knocked out of time, to bhe allowed to lie still for a minuto or two. Officious friends either cean't or woni't understand that fact, and give you no pacon until they haveo hauled you on to your horseC again. Often and often have I wished them all a hundred miles away." "Talking of horsee.. what hua become of my unfortunato stoed? Ieas she broken her nect or run away." "Neither. though the former would but have soreed her right for her misdemoeanoure. She's not vry far off, or likely to wander in her precent conlition." Tha tfonorablo Jack cost an indignant glanceo over kis shoulder at the uncouscioun authore?rs of Keto's mislfortune, who, tied to a gate-post, aside by side with the good old Snowflake, loolkel exceedingly wretched and forlorn, betpa:tered with mud from head to tail, the crutcle of her saddle all dented in, and her coot, tiffenin~ rapidly from the cold air super renis on Invich prenpiration. "Tie beat !"' exclaimed h, eyoling her with markel disfavour. " I should like to shoot her on thuspot." "Dou't be so bloodthiroty: What did poor Grisotto do to encomptas our downfall, for realtvyI hardlv know' . "Y?'nfll tllAt'ou easily enough. She never made the ~ghost of an effort, or rose one single inch, but just galloped straight into thle fence, caught the bilnder with her chest, and turned a complete somersault into the field. A pretty lady's hunter:" "Now, I won't have you abuso my property. It's not good manners; besides, remember, the poor thing was dead boeat and really was not so much to blamo after all. We seemed to me to have been galloping tremendously fast, and I don't somehow think she's much of a slayer. She did not give me the impression." "That I can easily believe, for those tearing, rushing brutes generally do pull themselves out in something under twenty minutes, and once they begin to blow it's all up. They ride like a lump of lead for the rest of the day. I don't tumble to that class of animal.. Nine times out of ten they're soft, showy, and cowardly. As for Grisetta-that is her name, is it not f-you ought not to give her a chance of repeating her ill-conduct in the future. You stuck to her like a brick, and rode awirfully well, but take my word for it, she's not a safe animal for any lady to hunt." " She has her faults, I admit, but perfection is terribly hard to finud, either in human beings or in horsofflesh. Such at least is my expetn ence." She had succeeded in assuming a sitting position, but still felt unequal to the task of remounting or standing upright. It was, therefore, with some relief she saw Colonel Clinker's second horseman now appear on the scene, who touching his hat respectfully, l as if not alto'other sure his presence might not be considered incompatible with certain orders he had received erstwhile, said in a half. apologetic, half-explanatory sort of way " Bog pardon, sir. but farmer Smith 'eetold me as 'ow you was n-etaying behind witha lady as 'ad met with a bad haecident. and I took the liberty of riding IIopal part of the wa yback again to see ifI could render any assietance. I 'opo I acted right, sir." "Quite right' 'answered his master, in tones of unqualified approbation, though the chances were on any other occasion poor Leatherdale might have received a severe reprimand for this breach of discipline. "And now, Leather. dale, attend to what I say. I want you to go straight to the inn and tell them to bring a trap immediately, and to wait at the cross-road for Granby until I turn up. You know the place Imean, don't you?'" " Yes, sir. well nigh upon the old salgnpost, afore you come to the seventh milestone." SExactly; and Leatherdale, don't forget to ask for the loan of a shawl or warm wrap of some sort or other. The young lady is sure to feel chilly after a bit, when the reaction sets in. If they make any bother about lending it, you can mention my name and give them half-a. crown. Do you understand what I want ?" " I'm to order a trap and borrow a shawl, and tell 'em to wait till you come, sir." "That's it, and Leatherdale," turning to speak with the man aside, so that Kate might not overhear his final injunctions-" it's as well to be on the safe side. If you should happen to meet bliss Brewser's groom on the way, or any one going in the direction of Foxington, ask him to call at Dr. Baker's and leave a message say ing his services will be required at Sport Lodge in about an hour's time. 1 fear there may be some broken bones to set." "'Deed, sir! I'm sorry to hear that, sir!" said Lsathetdale with read sympathy as he rode off to do his master's bddng, determined, after the manner of his kind, that the ill-news of Miss Brewser's accident should lose nothing in transmission, but rather gain in point and piquancy. :. 