THE WORLD OF LABOUR. Fully 3,000 women work in printing offices in the United States. Belgian miners over 5000 strong have made for daylight and higher wages. The Swiss Confederation proposes an eight-hour working day instead of the present eleven hour law. Over 70 per cent, male adult workers in Saxony average under £30 a year, owing to excessive women and child labour in the factories. The Berlin women shop assistants' union contains over 800 members ; sub scription 5d. a month, and the union runs its own labour bureau. At the International Typo. Congress at Berne, Switzerland, ah international union and a strike fund to be used inter nationally was decidcd upon. . Clerk§ and hairdressers at Buenos Ayres have recently got into line on unionism ; so New Australians won'b have to go to blackleg shops for a crop on arrival. A couple of dynamite explosions are cabled from Carnegie's Pittsburg steel works, nothing was injured and nobody was killed. The Pinkertons probably know all about it. Of the eleven million women in Italy, three million work in agriculture, and two million in the textile and other industrial occupations. They swarm out the men 7 to 1 in the silk trade. For 'poking borack' at blacklegs going in at Carnegie's Lawrenceville steel works, Pennsylvania, one woman was sentenced to six, and two others to three months' hard labour. The largest number of men employed in the London docks on one day is under 18,000, the number usually competing for a job is 23,000. So wages are always at the level Griffith would have Australians down to. If Pinkertonism is to rule in the United States, what's the use of having police, sheriffs, militia and a standing army ? Why not make labour get down on its vest buttons in abject submission to King Carnegie ? — Chicago Free Trader. Free blackleg labour, after enjoying freedom of contract and all the blessings of capitalistic philanthrophy on the New York Central Railroad for several years, at last broke down und!fer the strain of it in the shape of long hours and low pay, and went out on strike. An Anti-Convict Society has followed on the recent movoment to stop convict labour dragging down Tennessee miners below the level of criminals, and the cabler Fays the society has pledged its members to kill anyone who gives evidence against Munroe, one of their leaders now on trial for killing a militiaman in the recent conflict. Vitriol workers in England are muzzled at work. If by chance any of the gas gets at their teeth, they are burnt out, whilst it they are carerul the most tney suffer from is swelled stomach — not of the capitalistic sort — and inflammation of the lungs. Wages from £2 to £2 5s. a week, and they may, if they are very strong, stand ib for eighteen months — then they die. In Great Britain in 1890 the strikes totalled 1028, involving 393,000 men. In the United States same year 927 strikes were on, 220,000 workers downed tools. The chief of the United States Bureau of statistics comments on it thus : There is much less occasion for strikes in this oountry, because it is an undisputed fact that the condition of the working people of America is far superior to the condition of labouring olasses in the United Kingdom. Bub that will hardly wash in the light of recent events. If it takes a force of more than one thousand Federal soldiers of all arms to put down a rising of discontented miners in Idaho, and an army of eight thousand five hundred men — horse, foot, artillery, and gatlings — to allay the trouble at. Pitts burgj what amounb of armed force will be requisite to maintain 'law and order' when the whole iudustrial army of the country comes to consciousness of its rights and begins to assert them? And how long will people supporb national guards and federal forces for the benefit of pluto crats ? — Twentienth Century. Hanging up U.S.A. militiaman lams by the thumbs for sympathising with the Pittsburg ironworkers when fighting against the Pinkertons should deter any Labour man from entering the Defence Force as long as it is used for police pur poses and officered by capitalists. When capital is in danger, let it shoulder the musket and fight for the wealth in which labour has no share or interest. The Labour man is a fool who will endanger his life by fighting to defend the wealth which he produces but does not own. — Paterson Labour Leader. Law and order got a big shock last week in the South of France.' A strike was on, and the French Dibbs-Griffith Government sent the troops and gatlings to overawe the strikers — but they forgot to enquire the politics of the major command ing the troop?. He turned out to be a socialist ; didn't fire low and lay 'em out, and wouldn't billet the troops on the poor people in the district. When the armies in other parts are commanded by socialists and the guns are pointed the right way what a change of fronb there will be in some quarters on the virtue of physical force, and law and order enforced at the point of the bayoneb. The miners, labourers and bradesmen at the North Company's Colliery, Herber ton (Q.) have to take less wages to swell divs. The British Government asks for a copy of the labour laws of New Zealand. Let us hope that it will take a lesson from them. The Melbourne Steamship Association has decided to prosecute the union crew of the Gabo that shouldered their kits rather than ship with three blacklegs. A levy of one day's pay per man has been made throughout the ranks of South Australian unions to help the men against the capitalistic pirates at Broken Hill. The Prince of Wales is indeed a hope less cas6. When they were laying the remains of Tennyson to rest in West minster Abbey, ' Tummy ' was backing horses at Newmarket. 'I am the country !' said one of the despotic monarchs of France in the days when kingship was at its zenith. ' I am Queensland !' is now the decree of Sir Samuel Griffith. — Thargomindah Herald. A Bourke (N.S.W.) 'Moderate So cialist' and his wife present at A.W.U. organiser Mrs. Summerfield's lecture on ' Master and Man, or the Gospel of Dis content,' 'both agreed it was too so cialistic of the advanced order.' A certain capitalist who during dele gate Thomas's Brisbane speech in aid of the Barrier miners was overheard to remark ' that man ought to be in gaol,' will doubtless be surprised to hear that New South Wales has just made a J.P. of 'that man.' The Union Prisoners in St. Helena (Q.) when visited last week by A.L.F. General Secretary Hinchcliffe, Seamen's Union Secretary Seymour, and Organiser Reid, whispered through the prison bars that the boys one and all agreed that £100 be taken from the (Q.) Union Prisoners' Assistance Fund and sent to the loyal men and women on the Barrier to fight againsb contract and broken agreements. In the West men are asking each other where to Steer in search of Work. The principal sheds have nearly all cut out, and ib is evidenb that between this and the nexb general shearing there will be hundreds of men loafing about with nothing to do, They are, mostly dissatisfied with the year's work and!, as Allan Cameron puts it, will stick to the warpath as long as there is a ghost of a sheep to be shorn. From Leichhardt way come complaints about the bare-faced manner in which squatters are breaking agreements by charging 30 per cent and over instead of the stipulated 10 per cent profit on rations. Mr. Leslie, of Lerida, owned up when pressed on the point, to going behind his agreement in the rates he charged on car riage from the railway station. Mr. M'Alisber, of Leichhardt, made a similar mistake. Funny, isn't it that errors of this kind generally go against the men. Labour M.P. Keir Hardie, last week at the annual meeting of the British Con gregational Union declared : That the Churohes preaohed only to the 're- spectable ' classes, while writhing and suffering humanity was quite forgotten, and men and women were being driven to hell without a helping hand being held out to them. There was, of course, a flutter in the minis terial dovecotes — what has been styled by the various Australian dailies 'a painful scene,' 'a sensation,' 'considerable dis order,' and an indignant denial. All the same the truth got home. . v Subscriptions are coming in on behalf of Labour-in-Politics. Here is an instance of how they come — sometimes : A man on the railways writes : — 'Enclosed please find five shillings in stamps, in answer to the appeal in the Worker. I am a work ingman with six little children, or I might have been able to give more. When I read the Worker bo my wife (after the children were in bed) I said, ' I would like to give something, but we cannot do with less tucker.' ' Oh,' she replied, ' if you mean it, can'b you do without your tobacco.' So here is my month's tobacco, and I will send tobacco money from time to time.' The cable-crammer's fairy, dished up big Bix weeks ago in Australian dailies, about unionists burning railway cars during the Lehigh (U.S.A.) railroad strike was more snakey than usual. Labour World says the cars said to have been burned by the strikers were worthless, having for some time past been used as fuel by Poles in the vicinity without objection. The strikers destroyed no property whatever, had nothing to do with the burning, and circumstances indicate that the cars wore burned by the railroad corporation to create public feeling against the strikers— a common practice in past years as to ; dynamite explosions, which were always 'discovered' just in time, or else so ex ploded as to cause but trifling damage. v The London Society of Compositors is again moving to down the overtime fiend, which prematurely kills those who work it, and starves those who are kept out of a job through it. The committee writes on the evil thus : It is a constant source of irritation, detrimen tal to health, and in the highest degree unjust to men who are anxious to work, but cannot obtain it. There are, doubtless, employers who trade upon the willingness of their employees to work abnormally long hours ; for, in common fairness, it must be admitted that some of our merobiTS are not blameless in this maltajfe . many preferring to encourage rather thau dis courage overtime, and expressing resentment whenever Biich work is by chance ourttj.iled. The q i'-stion should be approached, however,, on the principle of the greatest good of tho greatest number. w . 