THE NOVELIST. WOOING AN AMAZON. By Frederick Botle. Author of " Treasure of Thorburns." " A Good Hater," " On the Border Land," &o.;, &c.; CHAPTER II. As the slow minutes went by in silenoe, Jenny collected herself, dried her tears, and at length stepped forward resolutely. " tsee all my wicked folly, sir," she began, in a voice almost as firm and Btrong as was natural to her. "In the first place, I beg your pardon humbly, and I acknowledge the justice of my punishment whatever it may be. In the next, if you are aware of any case among the households I have injured, in whioh it is possible to alleviate the distress, I beg you to let me know. I will devote myself to the duty of reparation, if money or pains can do any thing/' ^ at is a more worthy tone, Miss Brace bridge," the Professor answered, gravely, without looking up from the papers he was arranging. More minutes passed. "Is there any need for me to remain, sir?" Jenny asked. " If I have committed a legal offence, you can summon me. Here is my father's address." She wrote it on a card. "Itwould be more comfortableforbothof us, I ttjink, to ascertain the whole extent of the mischief at once. Pray eit down." Jenny resumed her seat, but started up in a moment. " If the polioe are coming for me, Bir, let me make myself presentable. You have a house keeper?" , " I beg your pardon." He opened a door behind him. "In this room you will find the appointments of a bachelor toilet, and Oh, Mrs. Willis, will you attend to this young lady? This is my housekeeper, Miss Brace bridge." Jenny withdrew with Mrs. Willis, and the Professor returned to the papers. His brow bad been clearing gradually, when he reached the last sheets he laughed. No great harm had been done after all 1 TboBe destroyed were bis own writing mostly. They could be re placed within the time. " And- I've been abusing that delightful woman like a pickpocket!" he said to himself. "I must relieve her anxiety at once." "Mr. Hughes, sir," said the servant, enter ing. "Shew (iim in. After all, good news is the more welcome if kept back awhile." Mr. Hughes entered—a tall old man, with the massive features and lips pulled down at the angles, whioh so often mark a dull brain and a stubborn wilL This was the senior partner of the firm Hughes & Tracy, Solicitors to the University. Professor Macfarlane scarcely knew him except by sight. He had transacted business hitherto with Mr. Traoey. "I hope my summons caused you no incon venience, Mr. Hughes! Because, as it turns out, the question I have to ask is rather one of abstract law than of immediate interest." " Really! H'm! Well, Professor Mao farlane, since I am here, pray put your question." It was not an enoouraging tone, but Mao farlane saw no escape. He proceeded :— " Hid you ever hear of examination papers being destroyed beforethe face of the Senior Examiner?" " No, sir, and I don't believe it!" " There are the ashes for a testimony !" He pointed to the fireplace. Mr. Hughes fixed his glasses, got up, and inspected them. "I observe some charred papers,"said he. "Allowme to say that ashes are something like the reverse of evidence." "Why, no, Mr. Hughes," Macfarlane laughed. " They Bhow that the papers have been.destroyed, and when I tell you that those papers were questions prepared for the ap proaching examiration you will not refuse to j believe me?" " Permit me, sir. My father and I have enjoyed an experience of seventy years in thiB University, and such an outrage has never been reported. I confess I find it difficult to believe that the undergraduates of this genera tion " Macfarlane loBt patienoe. "I must aBk you to do so, Mr. Hughes, without more debate; but observe that I said nothing of undergraduates. Now, what is that offence in the eye of the law?" The lawyer rose irritably. " Hew should I know, sir—how should I know? Hughes & Tracy are not Old Bailey practitioners. It's theft, I suppose— anyhow, it's a criminal offence of the deepest dye. Where is the culprit? You have not let him go ?" Macfarlane also roBe. " There is no occasion for warmth," he said, half-angry, though amused. " I was curious to know the law in such a case. But as for this particular inBtanoe I find that the damage can be easily made good, and I propose to take no further steps." Mr. Hughes positively roared. " What? An outrage without precedent in the records of this immemorial seat of learn ing has been perpetrated on a Senior Exami ner—and he proposes to take no further steps? Let me tell you, Professor Macfarlane, that this is not a question to be ruled by your senti mental fancies. The University has been in sulted, sir. That ancient and honourable institution has been Bubjeoted to—to con tumely. Take no steps! In an earlier— perhaps a happier stage of history, her own officers would have exacted vengeance—and startling vengeance it would have been, I doubt not." "We will follow the same oourse now, sir, if you please," Macfarlane interrupted. "I am an officer of the University, and will wreak vengeance at my discretion. Enough, Mr. Hughes. I am obliged to you for answering my summons." He laid his band upon the bell. " One moment, Professor Macfarlane. You have put the case before me as legal adviser to this Uutversity. It has passed out of your hands—out of mine, in a sense. A crime has been oommitted. Neither you nor I nor any man may condone it. I demand, sir, the name of the criminal. He produced his notebook. Here was a complication. Absurd it might be, but real enough and grave enough to cause Miss Bracebridge deep annoyance. There was suoh angry obstinaoy in the old lawyer's faoe as showed him capable of going any length. It was high time to reveal the truth—in the most conciliatory manner possible too. "I gtnsp your point of view, Mr. Hughes. It had not occurred to me before; but we Pro fessors are shockingly dull in matters of busi ness. The fact is that this criminal iB a lady— a young lady of position—who gave way to an impulse of friendship most honourable in itself." " Poor thing! H it is indeed so, I am very sorry for her. A young lady of position? Poor thing !" Evidently Mr. Hughes had a soft place in his heart for young ladies of position. The Professor was encouraged. "Yes," he said. "She feels a warm interest in Misa Patten, who cornea before m to be examined in a few days." "Laura Fatten? What on earth has she to do with it?" " You know Miss Patten ?" The tone was so eager that Mr. Hughes looked at him suspiciously. "Very well. Patten and I were school fellows, and we have been olose friends ever since, though I have not Been him lately. Ah, there is a scholar, Professor Maofarlane —suoh as used to be called a eoholar! Well?" "My dear and respected friend? How glad I am that you answered my summons instead of that excellent but comparatively frivolous contemporary of mine, your part ner !" In his enthusiasm he took Mr. Hughes's hand, warmly shaking it. "Ah," said the latter, shrewdly. "Yes, I am an old bird, sir, an old bird 1 Let me remind yon that old birds are not caught with chaff! We will return to the criminal young lady if you please." In a moment. It appears that Miss Patten is far too ill to attend the examination with safety, but she will not disappoint her father." " Poor dear child. She must be a fool!" " Now, it would be such a kindly act as we look for from Mr. Hughes to run down, see this young lady, and remonstrate with Sir William." "I'll do it with pleasure. I'll go toChes ham to-morrow—no, the day after. Poor dear child! When Patten entered her for his * Higher Training' I told him she would fall into idiotoy or die. The sweet child seems to be going both ways. Oh, I'll pulverize him 1 The stubbornly empbatio monosyllable said as cleariy as a long explanation "Enough of this episode!—let us get to the faots!" Maofarlane perceived that all the work was still to do. " Well, then, Miss Jenny Braoebridge,' daughter of General Braoebridge, being deeply attaohed to Miss Patten, oalled on me this afternoon in the hope that I might refuse to examine her young friend. Finding that means of escape impracticable, oarriea away by her feelings—what are you writing?" "Miss Jenny Braoebridge, daughter of General Braoebridge." Mr. Hughes jotted down the names. " Ah, I have met General Braoebridge at Ohesham. Very disagreeable for him—for all parties, indeed; but as a soldier he will understand that every man must do his duty." " I oannot believe you serious, Mr. Hughes." "Such abominable disrespect towards the University cannot be overlooked. I am sorry, but it oannot possibly be overlooked. Some people have eaid lately that I grow old and negligent. They will see!" "If that is your frame of mind," Mao farlane began, indignantly. He oheoked him self. " I had better say no more. You will remonstrate with Sir William Patten, at least?" " Certainly I will. That is a promise. In regard to the graver matter" " Don't ask assistance from me," Maofarlane interrupted, forcing himself to speak pleasantly. "I give you warning that lam retained for the defenoe." " Ob, very well—very well, sir. The law has means of dealing with an unwilling witness. I wish you good morning, Professor Maofarlane 1" He went out. " I don't suppose," said Macfarlane to him self, thoughtfully, "that there are ten such selfish, obstinate, pragmatical old idiots as that in the realm of England. And I'm sure there is not one woman so brave and so charming as Miss Braoebridge. The odds against meeting either of these exceptional characters are actually inconceivable. And I come across both of them in my own study one afternooa. It approaches the miraculous I" He knooked at the inner door; Mrs. Willis opened it. " The young lady has gone," she said, with an expression that made Macfarlane ask— "Could you hear what was said in this room?" " The young lady oould, I think, sir. She desired me to say that she was much obliged to you, and she would be found at her father's house." Macfarlane returned to his desk. He had enough for the next two days in reoalling the questions destroyed, but the composition of a single letter oocupied him the whole of that afternoon. The first draft was short and easy; but when he read it over a seoond paragraph seemed desirable. Extraneous matter thus introduced, it oould cot be dealt with, he found, so briefly. And so the epistle grew, the writer's thoughts developing as he set them down, until he grasped at length the idea floating dimly in his mind at the com mencement. A long pause followed, for this idea was very grave, and Professor Macfarlane did not act without weighing all the conse quences. Finally he collected the scattered sheets, and put tbem one by one upon the fire; then, knowing his own purpose, expressed it beyond mistake in half a dozen sentenoes. It was time to dress for Hall. He posted it on his way. When Jenny reached home her father had gone out to dinner, which was a relief. To Sweyn she did not confide the danger impend ing ; it was enough to tell what she had done, and to assure him that the examination must be postponed. He was rather shooked of oourse, but the fun of the thing and its suo cessful issue distracted his attention. She would inform the General after breakfast next day. Her heart sank at that prospeot as it had never done before in all her life. Thus it happened that General Braoebridge was quite unprepared to oatch the meaning of a letter which he opened at the breaksast table. "Eh?" he cried, after reading a few lines. " What on earth is this, Jenny?" " 'I am delighted to assure Miss Brace bridge through you that the papers destroyed were not important. I think Miss Brace bridge will not be alarmed even if she over heard the foolish remarks of Mr. Hughes, who iB helpless without my testimony.' " Bless my heart!" He turned to the signa ture. "Eugene Macfarlane, Brazenose Col lege." " Do you know Eugene Macfarlane, of Brazenose College, Jenny, or is the fellow cracked?" Not waiting for a reply, he went on " 'Upon the other hand there is strong reason to hope that Miss Braoebridge has gained the purpose she had at heart. Mr. Hughes pro mises to remonstrate with Sir William Patten, his friend from school days.' Then Laura is in it, too! This is the most astounding com munication ! Well, let us hear Him out. 'Having thus, I trust, relieved your daughter's anxiety, I venture to say something "about myself with an object yon will shortly under stand.' Yes.—Goodman! That's just what I want. *My position is sufficiently established to be evidence of character. My private means iustify me ' Jenny, where are you going ? I muBt have an explanation of all this at onoe." "Yes, Papa," Jenny murmured, blushing, embarrassed, vexed, but not dumb with surprise, nor conscious of indignation. " Bub take it from me, please. Professor Macfar lane is wandering into private details." The General, t® impetuous Trrsti, bad been no utterly bewildered thai be 'did notice the bearing of those last sentences as be read them. JtouBed to comprehension none, he laughed, shortly. "Well, eitdown. I will beep these wander ing details to myself." Nevertheless/his voioewas-fiistinctly audible as he went on "H'm, in marrying. I had never seen Miss Bracebridge before to-day, but the circumstances gave me an unusual oppor tunity of studying her disposition, I am even ignorant whether she be'free; but if no earlier attachment"' "Papa'! This is monstrous! Put that letter in the fire, or I will not tell you a thing !" The General looked at Sweyn—both looked at Jenny—and burst into a fit of laughter. Jenny, red tas fire, hurried from the room, bub there was -a twitching about her lips as she fled whioh-did not suggest relentless fury. " X almost suspect said the General, with a smile, and paused. " So do I," Sweyn echoed. " Have you anynotion what it is all about ? Sweyn told what he knew, and General Bracebridge ceased to smile. Like so many old soldiers, he held the law in a terror almost superstitious. Moreover, Jenny's conduct in itself -was inexpressibly shocking to his ideas. "Go and fetch your sister," he said. "It's mo timefor-nonsense." So-Jenny felt, and she came at once. Her -father listened in gloomy silence, and when the tale was done-he said briefly:— "I shall- go to Oxford this morning. If Professor Macfarlane is suitable in other respects you-will marry him, Jenny. It's the -only -reparation a woman can make when she has insulted end annoyed a gentleman." "Do you really think I ought, papa?" said Jenny, softly. " I am certain." ■" Then will you please tell Mr. Macfarlane so:!" "Don't do any thing of the kind, sir, "Sweyn interposed. "It s one of Jenny's trioks. When she uses -that demure tone I am always on myguard." " Don't heed this wicked, distrustful boy, papa. Follow the impulse of your own honest heart, and be sure it will lead you to the greatest happiness of the greatest number." Laughing gleefully she ran away, and the General, bewildered, set out for Oxford. Macfarlane gave him an hour he could ill spare, for the printers were clamorous. After receiving, under protest, a long apology, he -explained how matters stood. In the first place, the examination would be 1 held as usual, out Mr. Hughes, good natured at heart, kept to his resolve of saving Laura ; Patten if he saw need. Next, he was equally determined to prosecute Miss Bracebridge. The fact was that he desired to assert bimBelf. For some yearn the authorities of the Univer sity -had been convinoed that their senior solici tor was past hiB work, and had hinted the same -with growing frankness. "I, unhappily," said Macfarlane, "have given him a chance to prove his undiminished energy. Miss Bracebridge does nob blame me much, I hope? After all we have a right to aBsume generally that a solicitor of the highest standing is not cracked ! Thank you, General < I feltsure she would not. Well, Mr. Hughes' partner, who is my friend, has exerted himself. He, of course, loathes the whole business, so they have quarrelled, which is annoying. How ever, I learn that the fatuous old gentleman thinks he has got corroborative evidence, and means to apply for a warrant." "Good Heavens 1 A warrant against my daughter 7" "There's no occasion for alarm, butmueh for laughter, if the farce is carried to that point. However, it will be disagreeable for MisB Bracebridge, and I propose, since Mr. Hughes will not see me nor listen to Traeey, to oatch him at Chesbam the day after to morrow, and learn what thiB evidence is on which he relies. Sir William will certainly support me." "We are greatly obliged to you, sir. Pray come to my house." " I should only be too delighted, General. But you did not fail to notice the observations with which my letter concluded ?" "Upon that question I may say that my daughter iB free. In fact she has never shown —I'll be bound sne has never felt—an inclina tion towards matrimony." "H'm. Gratifying in a senBe, but not oomforting exactly. Will you allow me to explain my circumstances and prospects 1" "Why, as for that to speak frankly it is needless. My daughter will aocept you, or she will not. Circumstances won't influence her." But Macfarlane thought it due to himBelf to justify his pretensions, and the General was more than satisfied with the exposition. He reached home in a obeerful mood. Sweyn reported that his sister had been invisible all day—more extraordinary still, had sat in her room 1 She descended for dinner on the General's return, and he noted without surprise that her cheeks had not quite their usual colour, nor her eyes their accustomed brightness. No wonder, when she was used to spend hours on horse back every day, wet or fine. Jenny heard the account of her father's inter view in silence until he came, rather nerv ously, to the matter of those "observations." Then she said, quietly:— " I am very grateful to Professor Maofar lane, and very, very sorry for my bad conduct. But papa, if he is taking all this trouble in the 'hope—1 don't mean that, exactly, because I'm -sure that it's his kind heart alone which moves ■him " " That it is. III be bound !" cried the General heartily. " He'd do as muoh if you were a Hottentot 1" " I believe it. But in fact he has a—a pur ipose which you seem tohaveenoouraged, papa. 'Pray undeceive him." " Oh, give the good fellow a chance, Jenny," 'her brother exclaimed, "and yourself too. 'Son like him, for you told me so, —" and so forth, the General supporting his appeal warmly. But it was useless. Jenny had made up her mind, no doubt, in that long seclusion. Unless the Professor were warned that he must not cherish any hope, she would not appear during bis Btay. They argued until all parties lost temper, and Jenny said, rising in stately fashion:—_ " Papa, if I'm not allowed to be mistress of my own self and mv own future in your house, I must return to the colony, where I am mis tress of everything." The Gbneral started up and took her in his arms. " Good heavens," he cried, " where have we drifted to ? If your sister is determined not to marry, Sweyn, the sensible girl die is, we may be sure she has a good reason. I'll put that straight, Jenny. You may meet Macfarlane, if he comes, without tear." Jenny hesitated a little, and coloured, as if wishing to add some observation not easily expressed in words. Not finding the terms sought she kissed them in silence and with drew. The General lent baok in his chair, laughing quietly. "That disconoerted her ladyship, eh? If our sensible Jenny is resolved to die an old maid ebe must have a good reason for it. Ha, ba! Wasn't her face a study ? If I know womankind, tbe dear girl will not be happy now till she baa proved she had no reason, good or bad! Of course I shan't write that letter. I never Baid I would." So two days paBBed. Maofarlane completed his work in time, and with mind at ease on that score at least he reached the General's house early; but Miss Braoebridge had already gone to Ohesham, summoned by a pressing note. "Wo have been awaiting you," said the General. " Let me present my eldest son, who I may say feels even more gratitude to you than any of us if that be possible. Laura is rescued from the Higher Training, but the re lief proves too much for her strength; she fainted on hearing it, and Jenny writes that she oannot leave her. When you have had some lunch, Professor, we will drive across. If it may be done without inhoBpitality I would beg you to make haste, for Mr. Hughes will leave, it appears, by the 3.30 train." "Then let us go at once. I am keenly inte rested in this business. It passes my imagina tion and Tracey's experience to conceive what sort of corroborative evidence that fatuous old gentleman is hugging to his soul." In the avenue, near that well remembered spot, where Sweyn caught a glimpse of the "old lady," they met the two girls—Laura walking feebly with the support of Jenny's arm. But her eyes were brighter already, and her face had a flash of hope which deepened as they drew near—all three gentlemen waving their hatB and cheering, though they uttered not a sound. Laura laughed—a faint little ghost of glee. " Oh, Professor Maofarlane," she mur mured, "Fancy you taking part in a panto mime !" "Finding myself upon the stage after a transformation scene, Miss Patten, I enter into the spirit of the thing as well as I can. We are going to congratulate you presently. Have you seen Mr. Hughes ?" -he added, to Jenny. " No." " Then pray return to the house as quickly as may be. The appearauoe of the oulpnt cannot fail to disarm him." Macfarlane and the General hurried i leaving Sweyn. They found Sir William and his friend in the library—the former looking very old and harassed. While General Bracebridge explained the matter to him, Maofarlane made another appeal to Mr. Hughes. Quite vain. The an nouncement that Jenny was at hand had no effect on his stubborn self-complacency beyond a elight, superficial disturbance. "I warn you," he said, "that it will be fruitless. The pleading of the young lady— pretty dear!—will touch my heart, I know, but my head, sir, is adamant 1" "Very true," Macfarlane muttered; block!—with a crack in it ?" " I have a duty to perform—aead duty—an awful duty—and I will say good-bye now, Patten," be added, hastily. "I don't understand," said Sir William, in a querulous tone. " It's a most annoying affair! Talk of duty. Why, you are commissioned to uphold the dignity of the University—to make it ridiculous is the reverse of your duty." "My dear friend, with a most imperfect knowledge of the case, you usurp the functions of a Judge—and allow me to say it's one of the moBt grotesque usurpations on record. How stand the facts? I am summoned, in my official capacity, to bear the report of a crime— call it a misdemeanor if you will. The case is admitted patent. Then tbe prosecutor thinks fit to withdraw. Are tbe rights and honour of the University to be submitted to his whiins ? No, sir. It iBan unprecedented offence, and it cannot be passed over." "Nonsense!" exclaimed Sir William, passionately. "Don't condescend to plead with him, Braoebndge! If Professor Mao farlane declines to proBecute, the case will be dismissed ! Tour oonfounded vanity blinds you, Hughes." "Vanity, eh ? You're an old friend, Patten 1 We shall see? If you had been in command at Trafalgar, you would have signalled, I sup pose, England expects that every man this day shall display his vanity !" The old man, angry now, uttered these words in a sort of chant. At the same moment Jenny entered with Laura and Sweyn. They looked astonished. •' Another scene in the pantomime 1" said Macfarlane bitterly. "This is Miss Brace bridge, Mr. Hughes. Does she look the sort ot person who commits crimes?" " No, indeed ! And if thiB young lady will juBt lay ber hand upon her heart,'and say, like a Peer of the realm, 'Not guilty, on my honoursolvunter tabulse 1 The case is dismissed." "Produce the handcuffs, sir." said Jenny, advancing with palms outstretched. "I plead guilty!" He looked round in smiling triumph. The thing was absurd—monstrous—but if this ter rible monomaniac oould not be brought to reason somehow, though his application would oertainly be refused with emphasis, when Macfarlane declined to support it, every news paper in England would comment on the charge, and Jenny's name would be a by-word. Her father, distrusting himself, turned his back passionately and drew aside. Jenny took Sweyn's arm, and held him tight. "Handcuffs, my dear young lady" — the terrible old man began. Macfarlane inter rupted roughly. "Now, Mr. Hughes, you are aware that no helpis to be expected from me. Will you satisfy our curiosity by telling us how }ou intend to proceed under these circumstances ?" "Oh, pardon me. I reckon on that little sur prise as an effective incident." "Good Heavens, man,"cried the General, stepping forward. "Do you regard this raoBt distressing incident as a comedy, in which effeots are to be studied ? I feel an overpower ing inclination to teaoh you better to trans forming it into a tragedy upon the spot." Mr. Hughes shrank baok in great alarm. Sir William said, whilst stepping between them:— "I warn you that all honest men will sympathise with General Bracebridge's incli nation when they hear this tale." "Oh, I quite see that now," Mr. Hughes Btammered, badly frightened. " I beg every one's pardon! The fact is, I shall produce the remains of the burnt papers." "From that gesture," said Macfarlane, "I am tempted to believe that you have them in your breast pocket. Don't be afraid. None of us will commit a misdemeanour on this occasion." Mr. Hughes was quite chap-fallen now. Silently, with trembling hands, he produced a Bmall packet. It contained a number of charred I recognise my handwriting, sir — and my property. How did it fall into your " Eh ? Oh 1 In the course of my investi gations, sir—in the course of my investiga tions." " You told me you were not an _ Old Bailey practitioner. I dare say this is your very first incursion into the Criminal Law?" " Yes." "It is not a happy one. I shall imms •difttely ascertain which of my servants you | bribed to steal my goods, and I shall prose- j cute you for inciting him to the theft! Now, Mr. Huehes, you wished to be the hero of a sensational trial—you shall not be disap pointed! Here is your evidence." "Keep it—keep it! Er—er."_ He looked round with vacant eye and drooping lip. i" I shall beiate for my train, Fatten! God bless you? Frosecute did you say, sir ?" No one laughed as ne went out. The General and Macfarlane exchanged glances, and hur ried after. Scarcely conscious what be did Mr. HugheB olambered into the General's phaeton, and, forgetting his luggage, sat there. _ The coach man looked to his master, who whispered— "Take this gentleman to the Btation, and tell the stationmaBter to look after him." 1 