" Lady, Lukestan." .; .J, " ; .* - .; Pic-nio Races, Monday. ^ , Read our new tale commencing in this issue. Birthday Caids at TIMES Stationery Repository. " Providence liberally watered High-street on Tuesday. Batjow jor jngrodienta for Christmas puddings^ith,s Park;,on;Mon<lajr, January^2n^nth oaiy/"pianos' tuned" by J. WUchw for 104 Od.* v. -'.5 ?'.C. : 'JrJU'jy So. New Year Cards at TIMES Stationery Reposipry.. Lovely designs. . ;'. V.-~ «.._ Parties who went up the river on Boxing Day got a great'soaking. . . . ?! S iv. - 'lVt-. The " woodics " camo out on^top at the j police , court on Wednesday. . ; . , . Annual tea meeting, sports and concert at 'Xjua nonham, January 2nd.' . ' - A now story " The Trainer s Ghost: will, appear in our issue of Jannary 14. ^ ; . -'v'.Vi.. Tho thermometer registered 103 in theBhaaein Penrith on Christmay Doy. _ '" T. R. Smith's sale at the Red Cows Yards. to-day. Cattle and horses in great variety. i . . ' No pudding complete without Jadges celsbraiw Baking Powder ; give it one trial.* To meet the dull times Pianos sola as" THiCneri 25 per cent, off Catalogues Prices.* t ', Thos. Nealo and Son have just to hand, a splendid lot of Bawn palings at lis a hundred.* J, Smedloy, the greengrocer and fruiterer, is round every day. Give him a turn.* A band of robbers has Btolcn 80,000 roubles from a train near Warsaw, in Russian Poland. ? , Broke his neck trying to crush into Barlow son Saturday night to buy his wife's Xmas groceries. _ Chrysanthemum planters are reminded that the present is tho best time for potting and planting. . Judges' colebrated Baking Powder, the best anu the cheapest; Is 8d per lb. Very large tinB, 1b.* Playing Cards, Dominoes, Chessboards, Chessmen, Cribbage Boxes, &c;,, at TIMES Stationery Repository. The Viceroy's Cup, the principal event at the Calcutta races, was won by the Australian horse Highborn. " J Who's that hungry scarecrow? The man, who doesn't deal with W. II. Barlow,. the 1 cheapest grocer in town.* ..." During the four days of the holidays all the boats at Mr. W. J. Rowe's sheds were ordered for trips up tho river. v Who fell down the well ? Why the man who tumbled oyer W. H. Barlow's price list of cheap groceries, etc! * . On Monday 74,248 passengers travelled on the suburban lines of railway, as against 64,614,for Boxing Day of 1891. ' Land sale at 'the Temperance Hall to-day. Sections at Mulgoa to . bo sold by Alfred Colless, and don't you forget it I . ,, Coon amble hospital authorities call for supplies for the year 1893, In tho shape of grociries, meat, bread, vegetables, milk and funerals 1 By the death in Australia of a relative of his wife, Constable Phair, of Killyleagh, Ireland,, has inherited a fortune estimated at £100,000. Clearing out sale of household furniture and effects at Mr. T. Palmer's, St. Marys, to-day; W, Fleming on the job. Read his advertisement. I say, have you seen them ? What ? Those wide sawn palings of Nealo and SonV at 14s. a hundred I Yes, they are tho best of the kind I have seen !*?, In fifteen British possessions marriage with a deceased wife's Bister-has been legalised.. In England the House of Lords still blockB that reform. An estate in Canterbury, New Zealand, com prising 83,000 acres, ha3 been purchased 1>y the Government of that colony for £260,220. It will be cut up for land settlement. A National Agricultural Union has been inaugur ated in England.. One of its objects is to secure the labelling of colonial meat in order to prevent its being sold as Kngliali meat. .. At Paradise Creek; hear Emmaville, on Saturday morning a man pamed W. Jones committed suicide ; by blowing his head bit by means,of adynatajtc|»p which he exploded in his mouth. Sydney Echo advocates a tax on fire ansa as a method of preventing the sportive youth from shooting himself on Xmas Day. A tax on dritel would about wipe the Herald's shadow out. Stationery papertries and cabinets, paper and envelopes and cards and envelopes. Best assort ment outside the metropolis at TIMES Stationery Repository. Prices range from 6d to 4B 6d, A man named Nitz Johnson, residing at Balmain, leaped from a train as it was passing Rockdale station, on Monday, and was rendered unconscious. He recovered during the day at tho Sydney Hospital. ' A boating fatality occurred on the Yarra on Monday, when a collision took place between an outrigger skiff and a large boat, the result being that both boats were upset and three lives were lost.. It is nearly 174 years Bince a Poet Laureate was buried within Westminister Abbey-td wit, Nicholas Rowe, who died in December, 1718. Tho seven intervening between Rowe and Tennyson are Interred olBcwliero. . Lady cricketers date back to 1811, when a match was played between the dames of Hampshire,and Surrey for 500 guineas aside. The best runner and bowler on the Surrey bide wa3 one Ann Baker, who wos sixty years old. Jekyll Island is the only placo in the .world entirely inhabited by millioQalres. ; It belongs to a club composed of New York,; Boston,' and Philadelphia capitalists, the poorest of whoofr counts his fortune by millions. . ' '? A grocer's assistant named Andrew Maora .has been convicted and sentenced to death for the murder of a woman named Annie Pritohaid near the Althorp Park railway station in Northampton shire, England; last August. .. , i Opals are supposedly unlucky, yet the jockey who rode the laBt Melbourne' Cup winner wore an opal breast-pin, and the man who won the first prize, £27,000, in the big sweep was 'at the time working in a Queensland opal-mine. ~ A number of boys went to Samford, 17 mile* from Brisbane, on a shooting excursion on Tuesday* A gun carriod by a boy named James Chase acci dentally went off, tije charge entering the boy's head. He expired shortly af tor wards, Great excitement prevails in the Western States of North America in consequence of the discovery of a new gold field in Utah, on the Colorado River. , Nuggets of coarso gold weighing from lOoz, to 15oz, havo been found. Thousands are flocking to tho new rash. .3 A man named Valentine Vcronea was killed at the Parramatta railway station on Monday night. His head was cut off, his chcst torn open', and'his clothing cut clean off from neck to waist. The man was previously seen on the line, apparently the worse for drink. General Booth has written to the newspapers : declaring that ho has been for ever freed from suspicion in connection with tho finances of the Salvation Array. Ho reiterates his appeal,to. the public for £60,000 wherewith to carry out his Darkest England scheme. While playing in the intercolonial cricket ibateh in Melbourne on Saturday, Moses strained the Binews of his lei;, and had to retire from the field. Later in tho day he came*to the determination to give up cricket altogether, so that the present will probably be his last match. ... . A dynamite explosion has occurred in Dublin, by which the detective office in Exchange-court- hns been wrecked and one of the detectives has b"cu blown to pieces. Great damage was done ioili - premises, and the force was such that every paue of glass in the adjacent buildings was smashed, In upholding the petition against the return of Mr. Michael .Davitt for North Meath, the Judge declared that tho priests had been convicted of intimidation and deplorable acts of violence towards women. Ho also said that Bishop Nulty's pastoral alone was ^sufficient to make the election void. . Tho following pathetic advertisprno'i' N extracted from the Llndon Morning Pout . * , t (, lovers passionately devoted, but undergoing long separa tion from each other, well connected, but without present means of relieving themselves of their unhnppincss, desire earnestly to hoar from some one willing to bofriend them ; could give security for a loan, and would havo life-long gratitude towards | thoir benefactor, with whom; if wished, they would be happy to share their home," ,, 