KENSINGTON TO THE FORE. • .''Wticn :LGi-ecT;'jiVeotsGree .^isenangjfciM'),, last .Saturday afternoon ivas the scene of vwjldest" exiiiteUientiSndft ;•.electric everal? •-War,": raiiiil •^streams a^ oiilv of .Flemiugtoii' and .Kensington,.-but also of the adjoining' suburbs,- were ..to be , seen' wending their way in one du'cctioii and er ith^Xugr of-War. The ide;i' of this special entertainment for. 'the' Kensington people emanated n from our worthy!. - Mayor,-• .Cr.. M. J. Hardimau. It-entei-edrtbe hothouse: of iliis thoughts a pmiy seedling, and blossomed forth-ill's, ivevy 'few days an actual fact. Th wasnot W be a couimoii'place niipnotbupus .exhibition y; affair, but a gbofl, old, jolly, n: rollicking, sit-back-and-hold-tight tug- ofy .war, with no Sviii, tie or .wrangle business, but let tbe best men win, and , so they did ill every case. Tlie. teams electing to do y-, battle against each other Were the employes of the foUowiiig firmsNew Zealand Loan Coy.-, Diindas' Stitchers, Kimpton's Flour -Mills, Bihhtoh: & Durham,.. 'Dalgety's, : Bul-wer's Saviors, Fitt's Glue Wprks, Builders, taibprers aud T. E. Bennett's Biitchcrs. Tlie areua for testing the merits of .tlie respective teams was a : vacant allotment of laud. iiext to Cr. Raisbeck's and opposite the Clarence Hotel. A good site too, not far to adjourn for refreshments, which -was a great boon, arid generally availed of by the majority at frequent : •were 'tlie" Ncw .Zealaud -Ijoan- v. 'Kundas' Butchers. It was easily seen that . the N. 55.L.. rcprcsentJitivcs were a sturdy and determined" crew, and. on tbe Svord'beiiig given •of tbe Dvmdis tiiaui' to amicix'. Uie coveted seven feet of ' 'rope,^ 'aiid cbnseaucutly won ' the heat in 2.8fecdnds?^ The ne'xt.toiims. to grasp tbe rope were the Flour- Stills v. Bruiitpn & Durham's. This, if anytliirig, wjis a mpre one-sided affair than tlie previousjbout, for & rcprcseiitativesSif: the e staff ef lifeiiauled'the Noxioiis Trades-over y tbe line iii'lO leSoiids, and without anything d like the sti-abi tbey were capable of putting on in case of emergency. . The next tug e was a far better eoutest, aiid tbe excitemen ly ran very high as Dalgety's team faced Bulwev's, they all being bread- sliouldered, stout-hearted young fellows, fit to pull for a man's life. ' The order was given to pull aud they did pull with a vengeance, every muscle strained and standing out like whipcord'. The centre knot did-iiot swel-ve for some seconds, then one team would ge e 'i. few inches, only-to lose it again, and.it •i.s only after a severe struggle that Bulwer's claimed tbe.heat; time, 1 minute 15 seconds. -Tlieiiext teams to cpmpete fo supremacy were Fitts''Glue Works v. Builders. Now, the Builders use tlie.commodity that their opponents manufacture, and if tbe sticking qualities of the glue after it hits left the factory need verifying, it to certainly gained its object on this occasion, as the glue-pot walked off with the glue iu as 19 seconds, much to tbe surprise of everyon present, but still I think the glue men were caught napping. Their end man was obanghig bis position at a critical moment, and consequently was not prepared for the word "go," which was the means of the team making such a poor stand. Ten niuiutes' interval was now proclauued, to refresh the inner man, and the -way tlie lon beers and shandygaffs disappeared, it is a moral certainty there was any amount of iuuer man tbat required refreshing, and Mrs. Hardimaii was kept very busy throwing gpod-tempered smiles into every glass, which answered a double purpose — gave a t additional relish to the beer, and replenished the till. From refreshment to labour and so the fun again commences. The team pitted against each other this "time were T. K. Bennett's Butchers v. Bulwer's. Now, it was considered a foregone conclusion that this would be a very hollow victory for -Bulwer's team, considering tbey had beaten a powerful crew like Dalgety's in 1 minute 15 seconds ; but such was not the case, for the representatives of the juicy beef aud wether legs were harder nuts to crack than tbey were credited with, being, and when old Bill Stanley ,gave Abe -fat-;.part of bis anatomy.,a'"slantmdi.cufe with the -Yankee ; • -/ tlac strain, fafld-' :: it 'required: every Jouiice they, eould command to save them from defeat. H T.K.'s men had all been made of die sam stuff as old Bill, the other team wouldn't have had a ghost of a show ; but there, you cairt ' ifiiid-: 'eight - .men like' him every ;-.day,.! in ,the ; weeki auci; after a severe struggle, lasting ;2 min. 30 sec., tbe heat was. awarded to 'Bulwer's team. The Dundas team now entered the arena again, to compete against the Labo- -rers. This was a fair struggle for some seconds, but the superior stamina, of the Laborers allowed tlieiii to win. tli<iir.lieat in i'uiift. 45 sees. The B.uudas team, having now been beaten, twice, were out of the contest. The' Builders 'v. ITiour../Mills were now giyen a' chance to test their res; pective merits- insj'the tugging liue, ;,liut' bricks and mortar proved very inferior to the staff of life, aud consequently had to cr pixcavi in 16 seconds. Tbe Hour Jlills now wou two heats so easily that tluiy mu be considered to have a big mortgage over the crispy fiver. Dalgety's v. Eitts' teams now face each other, but the wily. Eit'ts were not to be caught, napping twice, iii on afternoon, aud oil the word- " go 7 ' literall romped away with their ojiponenfe. iu sees. The Messrs.. Fitis were -011V,tie.grdiiii looking personally after, the welfare of' the team, and wlieu their nieritomus„.victi6ry was proclauued, regaled long 'tin :of tbe juice of John..Barlcycorn. Dalgety's;.tea^^^'-^^/.imt'^^lie.pTOti^,'' having received two 'defeats. New Zealand team. v. Bruntou and ;Dur!iam v.-as now. called, iud as'-if'by .inagio si^ leaped uito the ring to settle tbeir. differen ces iu a convivial manner, but; there was not much doubt as to whidb .was. the superior tejim of the. tnvo, -for the Lpan ineu walkotl away with the rope iii 15 sees.', .thus putting ..Brtuiton -and . Durham's; out of.-th.e was time' .to irrimte the tliroat, ii secoud. interval was .procuiinietl; aud the j-rish fof. -Tlie,^ngmeir;a^ with his inanj- assistants, liad all tlieiravprk >foEanotherSroimdj"r^ud , "asi;t'Her& fSSjvi '* T.'fc plentj'".of! 'pluyc,r thei'-'^i^^^^ -. a '^eiy excitag "bout, asjthe Floiu. -Mjlls ^W.ieomes^the4ast^ug,iofether3ay»;a^fliere: -i in 11 but the 011J3 di pule of the affcei ooUj ftoolfjilaEe ^t 04apjjear ^that th§ 'Budderaava^tedotojboiTolvssaOTnanffEolnj-one^ of" he other teaim ^rn glace of-one of theu own uien, but the Is hoi-'el^ ohiected tnc kppealed "to "ill. 3 idim in. .He «bl e tb old jsgenei 1 he-- c 5 ^old-i'iibem liej^Wdl nothing ^diate\ei. "to do jvntb it'" —The ChefhSnd a'of-aSSs fm Builders • Bulwer's- Dalgety's" Olscn (c) Corregaii (e) Hackitey (capt) "..Cocliraiie--S Bulw Arney. iThpiiipsoiii Thornton Mee . Keiidles Wylie Madden . .Harrispn Joyce Gordon Whitcway iSpmioi:.. Malion ... Lear ' Tankard G'Sallpran.. Sanders McVeese Bishop. Zee M.oore, McGratb Laborers Flour Mills Fitts •Eord (e) Kimpton .. Sclby .-. Taff Nicliolls Nielsen. Hearney Ljiieli SSmaiidcir LPSII W. IChupton Cnrtain McAlluiri' Danery Petersen is Brown Cprrigan * iCisliehii' Miilcahey- Hansen Macue Mitchell Daley C. A. Fitts (c) T. K. Bennett's. Stanlev (c) Ledley Punch W. Staiilev Ed^rds Day BarnweliS Marks Arnpld 