CURRENT TOPICS. There are strong indications that Sir Henry Parkes has become tired of being an ordinary member of the Assembly, and desires to get into office once more. Tbe indications are his intention to ask tho Colonial Secretary this afternoon whether, in the event of the 'Electoral Bill be coming law, the Parliament will bo immediately dissolved; and also his an nouncement that he will move the adjourn ment of the House to-day to draw attention to the position of the subject of Australian Federation. Tho question he proposes aeking is utitimcly, because the Electoral Bill is not before Parliament, and will not be during the jJtesent session. The Government have resolved that there shall be a special session for the purpose of dealing with the matler of electoral reform, and when their bills have received the approval of both Houses of the Legislature, SirHENRY willbo entitled to get the information that he desires. Mr. Dirbs iB too experienced a general to satisfy his curiosity at present. It may be assumed that the ex-Premier does not expeot) to get a satisfactory answer ; he certainly docs not if his question is to be regarded as part of a scheme to again get) the reins of power into his own hands. The proposed action with respect . to federation is even a stronger indication of Sir Henry's lust of office than the movement just re. ferred to. Ho is going to trace the history of the federation movement ...UOBU , then he will strive to Bhow that he is not to blame for any delay that hod occurred in this colony ; and next he will point out that "the proposed course of the present Government cannot be conducive to a speedy consummation of .Australian unity." Tho game of Sir Henry Parkes is disclosed in the last of -these clauses. Ho is going to con. demn the Government, and the narrative portion of his address will be simply n movement to conceal his attack. This ill- considered enterprise will not be successful. It will not further Sir Henry's ambition to get into Mr. Dibbs' place, if he is the sub- jcot of that ambition. The public have had about enough of the senior membeij for St. Leonards ; they aro of the opinion that his five years' lease of power that closed last year was not bene ficial to the country, and that therefore he should not for some time to como be given another lease. They were content when he resigned his portfolio and began a close ob servation of the specimens of. natural tliofnpv !n hio np/.nnile nf> ITrnnnilnn \- j »u UIU f,xwilMUil U W lAWIUIUOU Villa ; and they hoped that he would continue at his new occupation until he was importuned by the citizens generally to return to his old position. There is not tho ghost of a sign that any considerable section of the community de sires that Sir Henry should leave his retire ment ; and until lie lias clear proof that the public want him to tako charge of State affairs, he would do well to continue to amuse himself with his autobiography and his peacocks. : Lord Garrington has informed a press re presentative in England that the Melbourne tramways are tlio finest in the world. The opinion is probably correct. The Melbourne people got their lessons in tramway building from the Americans, aud they have surpassed their teachers. The system is, of course, similar to that in operation in San Francisco and Chicago, but it is more complete than the latter. The tramways in tho Victorian capital run in all directions, and the time tables are as perfect as they can be made. In every particular the public convenience; has been studied, and as the faro is thd same for a long or a Bhort distance it ia not necessary for a citizeu to take tha question of the cost of travelling into con sideration when choosing a suburban real deuce. Would the Melbourne tramway sys tem be as complete as it is if the business had been in the hands of the Government J Everybody who knows anything about tho subject must reply in the negative. Our Government charged itself with tha duty of building' tramways to facili tate traffic between the city and the suburbs, and is anybody satisfied with the result? Even to the most densely populated suburbs the tiams do not run more frequently than at intervals of about twenty minutes, and all the lines stnrt frnm ono place. If a person in Sussex-street wants to get a tram lie has tq walk half a mile to accomplish hia objeot. There is no reason to believe that whilst our tram service is under State con trol it will be greatly improved. It is s( pity that the matter was not left to private enterprise at the outset ; if it had been there cannot be a doubt that the city would now possess tram accommadation equal to that in Melbourne. The State made a mis take when it embarked in the business but it is not easy now to rcccify tho mis take.- Clearly, it has failed to serve tha publib in the matter of tram accomraodas tion as well as private enterprise would have done, and for that reason the Parlia ment should reconsider the whole question. 