LITERATURE FOR LIGHTHOUSES. TO THE EDITOK. Sir— I note m your lBsue of this dato that the President of tho Marine Board thanks you for your kindness in procuring a parcel of literature for distribution amongst the various lighthouses on our coast. I also note that au appeal is made in ' Crumbs' column, samo issue, for light literature for tho lighthouse keepers. The kind thoughtfulness which prompts these appeals is greatly to be com mended, and is highly appreciated by all those ?whom you seek to benefit thereby. At tho same time 1 am] sure I am voicing tho wish of many of them' when I say it is to be hoped that the various charitable institutions and the prisons will nob suffer through these special appeals causing parcels of literaturo to be deviated to the liglithouscs which might other wise find their way to tho destitute and others physically and morally infirm. The salaries of the lightkeepers vary from £100 to £210 per annum, exclusive of house rent and lamp and fire light, which is necessarily supplied them. The grades arc from third keeper to head or first keeper, with au annual increase of £10 per annum until the maximum of each grade is reached, and promotion is by seniority of service, always' provided there has been good behaviour in execution of duties.; By practising ordinary economy (without which none can be rich) all are ablo to live within their incomes. Most of theni are able to save money, and many of the 'old hands ' amongst the head keepers are re puted to be the happy possessors of sufficient) *' filthy lucte' to retire upon. So that it will be seen these 'poor keepers,' who lonely vigils keep, arc not in absolute need of charity, and in fact are able and do provide for them selves literature to their own several taste?. Yet. notwithstanding the foregoing, it is doubtless peculiarly pleasing to them in their solitude to find that midst tho hurry and rush of xuodi-m business life they are not forgotten, &c.; Thi-rein lies the charm of tho giving. But should the bowels of compassion of any of ycur n-adere be moved by this lateat appeal by ' Crumbs,' 3 sincerely hopo that tho subse quent 'labour'' will result in the bringing forth of sound volumes, and not such as aro practically valueless, because of the many autmnus which have passed over' their devoted heads, causing many a leaf to be miesing, and thus marring the charm both of the story aud of the gift. It may not be generally known that the Ob server and Chronicle find their way into the handa of nearly all the lio-htkeepers in the colony. Even Her Excellency the Countess of Kintore made the error, I think it was a year ago, of forwarding, out of her large-hearted kindness, a Christmas number of one or the other of these papers to the various light stations, thus duplicating what they already had on hand. Tho Christian Coloni&t; is also, by tho kindness and courtesy of tho publiahere, forwarded gratis to all tho light stations. My object in writing this is to give some little in formation, and to correct a wrong impression which may exist in the minds of some ; also to suggest that if there is to be any giving let it be Hound and not dilapidated volumes. I should also like to affirm that our lighthouse keepers are a highly intelligent, and in some rases a well-educated set of men, some being ex sea captains, who take a lively interest in the busy (though to them outside) world of commerce, invention, and politics, and who read with avidity your able articles on current events in preference to ghost or love stories, be they never so startling or exciting. In con clusion allow me to say I hope Mr. Stead's very kind offer to supply his magazine, 'The Review of Reviews, ' to the various light stations gratis will be accepted by the authorities, and tho magazine forwarded 'regularly, as I am sure it would be much appreciated, lam, Sir, &a;, . ? R. FRASER. 