A CRIMSON FORTUNE. A STORY OF LIFE IN THE C0T3\\)N MILLS. CHAPTER XXXIII. ATHEIlTON'n ESCAPE. By F. MONK FOSTER, Author of "A Pit Brow Lassie," "Slaves cf Fate," "Queen of the Factory," "Passions Aftermath," "A Miner's Million," "Children of Darkness," "A Drama in the Dark," &c.;, &c.; For one soul-moving and blood-cnrdling moment only was WUl Athertons fate in doubt as he sprang across the black abyss and clutched at the slimy crosstree and conductor. He cleared the gap easily enough and his arms shot true around the wooden rod, but it was heavily coated with slipi>ery slime, and his heart literally flew to his throat as he felt himself falling. But he did not slide down far. He had leaped rather high, and his hands, clasped together in a vice-like grip, prevented him from falling lower than the intersecting crosstree. For a moment or two, though it seemed a lengthy period, he hung there, his life in his hands and his legs daneling in the pit; and then, when the shock of fear passed away like a flash of light, and he was himself once more, he made a great effort and continued to scramble upon the crosstree. He rested there for a few minutes, sitting cross-legged on the stout spar. The dangerous leap and the short decisive struggle for life afterwaraB had tried severely both his nerves and bis strength ; and before he commenced that long and arduous ascent of the shaft he wished to collect his energies for the daring and perilous rask. The worst was over now, he thought, provided that the conductors and crosstrees were in a fairly sound condition; and seeing that they had borne the considerable strain he had put upon them a minute before there was reason to believe that bis weight would not displace them as he carried himself upwards. Presently he rose to his feet, clinging to the square guide rod with his hands, and standing on thecrosspiece. The rod was about half a foot in diameter, and it was both wet and slippery, the continually dripping -water having deposited a thick coating of oily mud upon it all round. The task before him was no easy one he knew ; again and again he would Elide back despite all he could do ; and ere he arrived at the point where that silvery circle of light appeared to roof in the pit a considerable portion of the day would be gone. _ Suddenly he twined his arms around the Equare log and lifted himself a short space, winding his sinewy legs about the conductor to keep him from slipping back. But all his strength and determination had to be brought into play in order to keep the ground he had won. A few inches at a time he fought his way higher and higher, and at length, panting and tired, but full of hope, he gained the next crosstree. There he sat astraddle on the log and rested for the next struggle. The crosstrees were about seven or eight yards apart, and as the seam from which Atherton had started was about a hundred and fifty yards in depth he calculated that he had about twenty crosstrees to pass before the mouth of the pit was gained. There is no occasion to tell in detail the story of his grim passage up that silent grimy shaft. Slowly but surely he found his way from one wet resting-place to another, counting the crosstrees he reached and passed as a condemned felon might tell the hours that remained between himself and the scaffold. At length when the day had half fied, and the noonday sunshine was brightening the snowmantled countryside, Will Atherton succeeded in his almost superhuman task; and completely worn out with bis Herculean labours he sank into the air tunnel at the pit mouth, his hands swollen and bleeding, his clothes torn into ribbons, covered from head to foot with slime, bat still filled with a joy and hope that were beyond all expression. Out of a terrible prison Providence and his own strength and eo-irsge had brought liiua even when death seemed' staring him in the face. There was a divine purpose in his recent experiences, he believed. God had saved him that he might track to earth and bring to justice the murderer of Adam Blickburn—Jacob Freckleton. And in the Lord's own good time, if his strength permitted, the work should be done. His first business was to proceed to his lodgings, where his d'lapated condition excited much surprise, which was el; mgei to deepest wonder when he narrated all he had gone through since the preceding night. After washing, dressing, and refreshing himself, Atherton sought and found the house of the night fireman, Ike Thomas, to whom he related just as they" liad' occurred all the stirring doings of the night after he and his workmate knocked off work for supper. From the official he learned all the latter could tell him of _ Freckleton; how he had come to the pit eye, complained of being unwell, and had been permitted to go home. Then Atherton went to the house where Freckleton had lodged, but all that the widow who kept the place could tell him was that her lodger had come home early in the morning saying he. was ill, had left the house without any one seeing or bearing him, aad had not turned up since. Will Atherton went home after that, and, completely fagged out, went to bed, never rising again until early the following day. He had come to the conclusion that Jacob Freckleton had not left the town. The man he was seeking had not fled as it appeared, but was hiding in order to discover before he went away whether the man he had buried alive had escaped or not. So thinking, Atherton lingered in the place for a few days, continually wandering about, ever on the alert, and incessantly making enquiries as to the missing man. Ot course he ineb with no aueoess in his efforts—-Tasob was already safely housed and disguised at Leghsbury—and at length Atherton set his face towards the town wherin his daughter and her lover, livtd, and where he hc|>ed some day to solve the mystery of his old employers fata The officials of t';ie colliery whereat Atherton and Freckleton had worked together had urged the former to put the police on the .track of the man who tried to bury him alive. But AthFi tcn had declined to aci upon such advice. In the first place he had no great faith in the ability of the police; and he did not desire the case to drift into other hands than his own. He d< sired to find Freckleton, nob because he wished to punish him for the attempt on his life, but because he believed J acob to be the assassin of Auam Blackburn. To excuse himself from taking criminal proceedings against his workmate Atherton had btated that he and "John Smith" were friends of long standing, and that the man was not responsible for his actions, as he had been in an asylum for many years. (Quitting the little mining" town wherein he had had euch a singular adventure, Atherton took the rind to Leghsbury, aa his late coworker ';a.J done many hours before. His reason lor preferring the high road to the railway was obvious enough. lie fancied that Jacob would not venture into Leghsbury for some time; ihat he would loiter about within a few miles of the town, and he thought it probable that he might either drop across him or learn something about him on the road. But neither of these things happened. On his way to Leghsbury he made various enquiries of the people he met, but no one could give him any information of a tramp who answered to his description of Freckleton. When he was about fourteen or fifteen miles from his destination he heard that an unknown man of middle age had been discovered dead in a barn a mile or two away. That item of intelligence made a singular impression upon Atherton. Somehow or other he was compelled to think that the unknown v,-.iyfarc-r might be Freckleton, and in order to H;,ti-fy himself he made a journey to the village in which the tramp had been found, and where he still lay awaiting interment. He had no d iftionifcy in finding his way to the farm, aud v.t.s :-'>c.wn the body at once. It was not Jacob Freckleton, of course, but as Atherton stood there by the side of the stiffened corpse an idea suggested itself which he immediately resolved to act upon. So he pretended to recognise the body, and he gave the vagrant's name .is Jacob Freckleton. He stated also that lie had been soaking for the dead man for many months, and that the dead vn^ranfc would liave been a rich man had lie lived, as an American relative had died a short time before leaving him his money. Then lie hied him away, knowing that his statements would find their way into the local paper?, and thinking it probable that the annoimetinent of Freck!<"-toa> death would reach the ears of the three men on whose account it had been made. lie did not realize very clearly at that moment what eli'ect his fabrication would have, i'r.t. he thought that John Crawley would be plcafcd to learn that Dr. Davidson'* patient h.-.d given up the ghost and was uo longer to be feared ; aiid lie imagined also that if .Jacob Fu-ckleson only read the papers, and was convinci-d th.-t others that others thought him dead, he would not take the same pains to keep himself hidden from the world. Thinking himself seam- lie would move about L(-^lisburj' freely. On arriving at Lephsbury Atherf.on : 3 first business was to Thibp Blackburn, to whom l,f: narrated ell that he liad experienced since their last meeting. He told his dau^htur's lover of tlk- deception he had practised in reference to the unknown tramp, and Blackburn ngreed with him that the publication of the false intelligence :-!iight ultimately load to the discover? of Freckleton. But 1'liilip was un-iijic- to help Atherton in my way. H«' h;«l boc-u on the a)e! t since re- ceiving the other's letter, which had been written at Lancaster, but he had seen nothing of any man who resembled the photograph "sent to him. The morning following his arrival at Leghsbury Atherton ran against tlie lawyer, Mr. John Crawley. The meeting took place in King-street, and Atherton would have passed with a nod of the curtest kind had not the other stopped him. " Good morning, Mr. Harrinforth," said His Worship blandly. " Have you a minute to spare me "If you wish it, Mr. Crawley,was Atherton's reply. " Will you slip into my office then ? I will not detain you many moments." Atherton bowed, and they crossed the snowcovertd thoroughfare together. A minute afterwards they were seated in the lawyer's comfortable room, the same apartment wherein that last stormy meeting between them had taken place—and Crawley was remarking— " You have come back from Cumberland 1" " I have." "And you found everything I told you was accurate ?" " Save in the matter of details. Freckleton was not known to Dr. Davidson by his own name; and he had run away from Selborne Lodge the very day I got there." "That was unfortunate." " It was most unfortunate. Had I been a day or two earlier Jacob Freckleton might have been alive now, sir." " You have heard of his death, then?" " Yes. I was the one to identify him." "In that case I have nothing to tell yon. I thought you might not have heard. What will become of the Ameiican's fortune ?" " I shall do my best to discover Jacob Freckleton's relations. I suppose the man must have relatives somewhere?" " I wish you luck in your search,'' said Crawley. " I suppose you do not harbour any ill-will on account of our former disagreement V" " Not at all. I only wonder why you were so reluctant to give me the address where Freckleton was to be found." That pointed remark was made in a tone of suppressed bitterness and quiet sascasin which surprised the other. • For a moment Crawley permitted hiB eyes to meet those of the man who was regarding him so intently ; then with a palpable attempt to appear undisturbed he replied— "I was reluctant, I admit, and without any real reason, as I know now. I was afraid that you desired to use Freckleton against me. That was all." " Was it r11 i" " It was, I assure you !" " Then I am satisfied, and we part friends. I shall be staying here perhaps for some time, and I may have to call upon you for counsel." " I shall be glad to help you." " Thanks; when I needyour advice I -will not forget to call upon you. Good morning." Withont more ado Atherton went away, satisfied he had not aroused the lawyer's suspicions in respeob to himself. And His Worship the Mayor thought that he had been exceptionally fortunate in coming out of the business so well. 