THE LADIES' COLUMN. The newest materials for early spring wear In England are all more or less brightly colored. The old pinks, blues, and purples are all coming in again, not on account of their beauty, but merely because they are a change from the undecided colors which have for sometime been fashionable. The loose-back coat has by sheer persistence and no favor succeeded in forcing itself on our attention. The tailors were the first to introduce the " sack-back," acd women have learned to trust their tailors' taste. Men make fewer mistakes in regard to dress than women do. Moreover, moBt women have masculine friends in whose eyes they wish to appear comely; and generally a man's opinion about form varies little, though his taste in respect to color may vary much. So as the other eex decides for the "sack- back," the "eack-baek" it is sure to be. And when it has undergone a few mere trifling alterations £ expect it will become quite as popular as the universal Ihreequarter cape has been. Whatever else is doubtful in relation to future fashions the fate of the long batque is decided ; it is no longer in moribund condition, it is absolutely dead, or to use the language of the immortal author of the " Christmas Carol," Bpeaking of the defunct Maiiy whose ghost is about to vtx the soul of his late partner, Scrooges (still in the fl^h), " Now Marly was dead, dead as a door nai'„" The long baeque, then, is dead as a door ntil. It fought for its' life and died hard, for it h id many faithful allies who willijgjy would hare prolonged its existence, but fashion, obdur; te and stern as the hidden hand of fate, decre )d its end, and fashion's emissaries obediently have compassed its extinction. We behold the new monarch in the bodise which ends at the waist, whereas erstwhile Ue long baeque bodice declared its ascendancy over the dress skirt, the latter now reasser ts itself and encroaches on the bodice, like SOLIS kuaraudiug power on defenceless or inadequately defended territory. TJie skirt is k.d as flitly as possible over the bodice edf.e, which is cut a few inches belov.' the actual waist-line, the join being hid by folds of velvet or ribbon, the ends of which terminate in a rosette at the back, where the folds are dram j in a downward direction and form a EIK rf; point. To Of BE SKIN quicklyferivelj JiedneaS Ecic ness anl 8ci\£^&c; tskln anl beautiful . a necessity tor. tho /Jan, <_ mates. Made in London. f*DTCl. .—S&p;'cOlitB Lc»r,i in ; |njrles, Kotch ; ^j^nteXlouth-• afcljhr, Siotlos . «nmphGinf is> _ iially in hit < li- : ild < ' i;rywt®re.-" i 