SAVED BY SHADOWS. BEING THE ADVENTOliRS OF A. MAN. A BOY. AND AN ASS Wil li A TRAVELLING SHOW IS NEW SOU HI WALES AMU QUEENSLAND. CHAPTER V. I t'URN OCT TO BE AGHOSTMAKEKOK ALABG SCALE. 13V SKIFP BOULAISB, Author ot "The Night I'oaaicken- of Moonlight Flat." •• Tales of the Bush," •• 1'ho Mysteries of Melbourne, ' " Yackaudandah Station," &q; , &c.; I bad for a long time nothing to do but to Jii< Mill ai.il tlimk. Had it been otherwise, Uuj tuhfeme might never have occurred to me to which we owed our deliverance, and which, to be brief, waa to iuduoe our oaptors to believe tbat we were menmakers or ghostlnakera, or, at the very least, potent and jjowerful magicians, through the medium of our tnagic lantern. It was just the very apparatus to impose upon their simple credulity with, and the enormous breadths of snow-white trunks that many of the surrounding gum trees afforded would show off the pictures as well as any aheet or expanse of stretched c\nvas, aye, even better, for as the slide was passed slowly on, the figures would seem to pass round to the back cf the tree, and in that manner becom; lost to view. To render the plot successful, however, I should have to wait until the various fires had burnt out and it was quite dark, and my chief doubt was, could 1 then find and arrange everything that was required for my purpose? How I longed to approach Mortimer, in order to tell him my plans, but I dared no: risk it, for some of the savages might be sleeping weasel-fashion, with one eye open, and in such a case I should be detected, and if I escaped being speared or waddied outright, tec chances to one I should be bound for greater security, and then my great scheme would perforce be at an end. On the other hand, the cart stood much nearer to me, and I could approach it without passing in such close proximity to the savages as in crossing over to Mortimer, on all which Accounts I determined to keep my own counsel «nd depend entirely on myself in what I was About to undertake. How slow the time seemed to pass and the fires to smoulder down. The birds of the night, and chief amongst them our old friends the laughing jackass and the "More pork," were noisy enough, whilst the locusts buzzed io the tree branches overhead like the distant ceaseless whirr of machinery. OccasicnaUy, too, the howl of the wamgal, or Australian wild dog, would sound shrill and indescribably doleful in the distance, whilst near by the sleeping natives snored through their great wide flat noses, and sometimes one of them in bis dreams would throw up and brandish a naked ebony arm, and give half utterance to a war whoop, which I was always fearful would wake the rest. It did not, however, for they were sound sleepers, even though not one of their number was there who did not grasp some kind of weapon in one or other of his hands, so as to bave it ready at the very instant of his waking, and, as in nearly eveiy instance they were of a missile character, this fact did not add to my composure. Still, as it was a case of nothing venture nothing win, and our very lives seemed to depend on the success of my scheme, I was nothing daunted. At last the moment arrived when it struck me that it would be comparatively safe to put it into ^execution. The fires had sunk down to a rlull smouldering glow, and everything was plunged into the most gloomy obscurity, for so thick was the tree foliage overhead that only a single star or two out of the glittering hosts that stud au Australian heaven could show us its diminutive light. With a brief but fervent prayer, therefore that success might crown my efforts, I crop cautiously upon all fours towards the cart, and just as noiselessly clambered into and crouched down at the bottom of it, preparatory to setting to work. My task was more difficult than 1 had imagined it would be, for the lamp wanted oil, and the wick required trimming, all of which I had to do in the dark. Then I had also to fix up something for the lamp to stand steadily on, in effecting which I upset the oilcan, and knocked over a plate, and for a moment my hair stood almost on end with terror lest I had prematurely wakened up our savage captors. How relieved I felt upon discovering that such was not the case. But now I had to select the best slides out of the box full, for I did not want to commence with the shipwreck scene, which, as doubtless not one of the savages had ever seen the sea, would not have been understood. No, 1 wanted two especially out of our at least three score, one of them representing James Moril being welcomed and kindly treated by the Queensland blacks, and the other depicting him leading them on to victory against a hostile tribe. I hoped that our captors would take this as a supernatural hint that they had better use us well likewise, and I thought it extremely probable that they would so accept it. But then to get at these special slides Xhad to strike a light, a risk that caused my blood to run oold again, and—where on earth was the matchbox ? I groped about in search of the box for at least five minutes ere I found it, when, as the matches were happily silent striking, I kindled one and lighted the lantern lamp, taking care that the polished reflector thereof was not turned towards our sleeping foes. Placing the lamp in the very bottom of the cart, and covering it as much as possible with my body, I selected my two favourite slides, and half a dozen more to back them up if required, and then I quickly clapped the lamp into its proper place inside the lantern, closed the door, pushed slide No. 1 into proper position, took aim at the trunk of the Sipgest gumtree, guessed as nearly as possible the proper focus, and then knew that I had only to remove the brass protector at the end of the lens in order to make my ghosts walk. The only question now to be solved was, could they walk to |any purpose ? and I own that I felt far from comfortable, as it suddenly occurred to me that wizards weren't always rewarded, and that even in civilly 3d and Christian countries they had sometimes been burnt instead. It was not a time for irresolution, however, and my movements were hastened andheralded at this juncture by one of the most terrific brays that our donkey lion hade ver been known to indulge in. I doubt if even aman-eating tiger could have -emitted a more awful medley of sounds, whish had the effect of waking up the black fellows in evidently the wildest conceivable state of alarm, for though their poor foolish bush bird could bray in its way, it waB only as the squeak of . a child's wooden penny trumpet as compared with the roar of the great fog-horn at Labrador when in full blast. \- .The blackfellows sprang to their feet, wide awake and terror-stricken. They had evidently never heard a sound at all resembling it before. They ran against each other, and they threw their arms about, and made the most uncouth and guttural noises deep down in their throats, whilst from somewhere in the rear came the shriek ot women and squalling of children, in answer to which sounds Lion very naturally bi ayed again, and with still stronger emphasis. At the same instant I removed the brass covering of the magic lantern lens, and a dozen seeming additional savages, with the wild white man standing in their midst, appeared as though standing close against the milk-white trunk of an enormous gum-tree, whilst, at the same time, the lantern direoted what looked like an enormous fiery eye full upon them out of the darkness of the bush. They didn't see the fiery eye at first, for the gaze of one and all was fixed upon the seeming a'jccssion of their number. They shouted to the strangers, but received no auswer. They then "yabber yabbered" amongst themselves, and one at last threw a spear at the tree, and though it seemed to transfix one of the forms, there was no cry, nor even the slightest movement as a result. The live savages now recoiled from their shadowy brethren, and clustered close together, as though for mutual support, whereupon I moved the Blide on so that the figures seemed to pass round the tree to the rear, and immediately substituted the battle scene, and as the trunk would not take it all in, I paused when I came to the two central figures, representing James Mbril overcoming and throttling, with his bare hands, a gigantic aboriginal chief. Two or three yelemens were now immediately cast at Moril, but though they all seemed to stick in him, one even apparently entering his very brain, he went on with the throttling business just as coolly as though nothing had happened to him. This was altogether too much for oar black friends. Seized with a wild panic they broke and fled, some shrieking with terror as on wheeling round they caught sight in turn of the magic lantern's apparent fiery eye. _ Like madmen they scampered off into the darkness of the bush, their womenkind and children seeming to immediately follow their example. Directly their retreating footsteps and their yellinps ceased to be audible in the distance I fished a knife out of the cart, and, making straight for my partner, cut his bonds, and set bim free. M "You managed that capitally, Aubrey," said he; "and now you shall take a handfui of oats, and go into the bush and catch the donkey whilst I get the mummy into the cart and stretch my limbs, which are pretty considerable cramped." ( To Ifconlinued.) ELECTROPLATING.—Old Cruet Frames, Spoons, Teapots, &c.;, can be renewed at small ooat at A. W. DOBBIE & CO.'3, Gawler-place, Adelaide. 293mwfovd S t s 