THE RECREATION RESERVE. COUNCILLORS IN CONCLAVE. THeS OM~tITZE? D SIOCUi THE QUEIotON. TRILLS FROM THE CLOCK TOWER. Notwithstanding that the question of the management of the Recreation Re serve had excited considerable public attention, and tho luchcs of the Reserveo Committee, with the general desire of the people of North Melbourne, as expressed by petition haviong no less than 1014 signa tures, had been placed before the Council on March 28th, the Council has not been in a hurry to give the matter ftiality, and when that august body did determine to deal with the question practically, it also determined that the matter should be threshed out in camera, despite the fact that the dispute, if such it can be termed, between the lteserve Committee and the Cricket and Football Clubs, had already been made public property through the Press, and at the Council Table. Trute, when the question was ventilated in open Council, the Reserve Committee did not put in an appearance, but this was not due to any neglect on the part of the Council, the Clubs or the Press, and the Committee. on the Mayor's ipse dixit, had expressed their determination not to be represented before the Council, and in conflict with the representatives of the signatories to the monster petition. However, the Iteserveo Committee seemed to think better of the matter, and thought they would like to have a say, and the Council, conceding them every courtesy, met them, and a rc presentative from the Cricket and Foot. ball Clubs-one from each--on Tueslay evening, but, in spite of the public interest centred in the question, they met in com mittee to the cxclusion of the I'reser, and, consequently, of the public. We felt that this was not as it should be. and, hav log obtained a special polyphonic appara tns, which we bhad set up outside the clock tower, we waited to see and hear how events would develop, themselves, for by an ingenious comubination of lenses, we were able to see into the Council Chamber, as well as hear, through our polygraphic apparatus, what transpired. The hour fixed for the solemn conclave was seven o'clock, and, a little before that time, the massive form of the Mayor was descried approaching the Town hall stops. To him succeeded Cr. Gardiner, a partisan of the noble games whose future should hang on the result of the diecusalon, and then Cr. Pilklington entered, big with pent.up eloquence on a matter in which he, too, has taken a deep interest. Cr. Cos. telloo, like a giant refreshed after his superhuman exertions in the late election, approached, throwing aside his cope se some noble Roman might have divested himself of his toga. Cr. Steel stalked silently in, Cr. Fogarty, with thoughtful brow, followed, and Cr. Petrio made up the number of councillors present, for, as we gathered from a" preliminary conversa tioo, Cr. King was not to arrive, and Cr. Grscie was non ret coraelibus in bydncyo. The click chimes-then from the loud tongued bell ring out, one by one, the hour strokes, till the nmystic number, seven, has been completed, and Ihe hour of fate has come. More figures in the distance, cloaked and muffled-moro footfalls nearly ap proaching, and from out the darkness stalk the members of the Recreation IReservo Committee, who silently ascend the stone steps, and being admitted by the watchful Corberus Todd, pass silently, yet gloomily upstairs. Again the massive portals are unclosed by the vigilant Todd, and the lithe form of Mr. E. Bean, secretary of the North Melbourno Cricket Club, and somewhat more gaunt one of Mr. Mitchell, secretary of the Football Glob, pass through, and the outer world Is shut out, and the fates of the lRecreation Reserve are shut in. Now we arrange our apparaus, but tihe Council has its little prellminaries to go 'through with, and there is nothing to interest us for some time, till we note an account of magnitude for the use of the steam roller,'at 47s. a day, and a fore shadowing is given that this, with one or two other moot points of finance, will re ceive a threshing out at no distant day. Boomn! The clock strikes again, and we stop our ears for a while, till, the eighth rstroke being given, we are able to look into our apparatus. A sign of business is visible; that is, the business which speci ally interests us. Calm and dignified sits the Mayor-the very embodiment of the olit!, cu, dig., and the potent, grave and reverend seig niors, his colleagues, assume an air of large Importsuce. The invitation is given to lthe lResrve Committee to show cause. They are, practically, on trial for their life, and they are allowed to speak and declare why sen tence should not be passed upon theem why, in point of fact, they should not give up the ghost, figuratively, seeing that, according to the allegations on the other side on the 28th March, they are for all practical purposes, dead already. Mr. Lawrence speaks. He is the chosen mouthpiece of the mystic five, who have held the destinies of the Reserve so lone. He rises with a sense of responsibility, but at the same time with a belief in his honesty of purpose, which shall bear him and his colleagues triumphant through tilhe cohorts of their enemies. Hle assumes the air of injured innocence--Ie deprecates the fact that an e.c)pearlc hearing was given to the opposing side, and hIositates not to declare that no audience should have been given till both sides were hrerd. .The Mayor, figuratively and literally, becomes ponderous. Hle sat upon Mr. Lawrence, and, metaphorically, squashed him. None knows better than Mlr. Law rence that the Council held out a free In vitatlon to the Committee to be present at the presentation of the petition, and if they neglected to avail themselves of that invitation the fault was their own. Mr. Lawrence, chewing thbs leek thus presented by the Mayor, returns to the 'charge. lie calls the attention of the Council to the improvements effected to the ground, and declares that the com mittee has done all It could do, with the means at its disposal. 1le is careful to preserve singularity of idea whoa speaking of the committee, to emphasize the unanimity which prevails in that body. IIe.conteast the ground ito-day with its condition when the Committee nasaueed control, and points proudly to the fact that the Committee has been a faithful almoner of the funds entrusted to it. Moreover, he reminds the Council that a lo: of the ex pendituro was for work which was not visible, but yet necessary, and justified the Committee for desiring to prohibit the playing of football on the ground, " till the grass grew green." Mr. McGibbou, in hia practical, iuclaivro way, backed up his colleague, elaboratitn what had been forcibly laid down, and strengthening the weak places as he noted them. The Mayor here Intimated his entire concurrence in the good old maxim, udrli altsco parltemn, and justified the delay which had taken place in dealind wi the questioo, en thie wistlom of the fc~ltirr lente rule. Hie would now give the Cricket Club an innings, and then Mr. Mitchell should have a Treo kick. Mr. Bean took the ball with his cuns tomary skill, and repe·ated his performance of a recent occasion; bowling down the sticks of the Committee with ruthless rapidity, but we would not recapitulate what he said-is it not already chronicled in his election speech of March 28th? Nor would we recapitulate Mr. Mitchell's u?tterances-thoy too, were but a repetition, well put, of thie arguments adduced by him when he previoneusly had audience. And the while the Council eat with exemplsry patience, and we-wo noted not the flight of timo-we heard not the chiming of the belle, nor the booming of Big Ben-we were heedless of the fact that srbw and T.rt had awakened the echoes, and It was only when esc'ne boomed out, that we wver recalled to the fact that we hIad been round that tower four hours. Did the Council recch finality? Wel!, in a seuse-they decided to consider the matter again in a fortnight, and we shall then, probably, boe a step nearer finality than we were when we opened this debatable sobject. 