AFRICAN TRAVEL EXTRA”! ORDINARY. Professor Guvuior is about to alert for tho wilds of Africa to study tho npo amid lbs tmlive surroundings, and ho supplies to tho North Americuu Raviow ftu account of what ho expects to accomplish. lio intends to call to his aid “ all tho engines of human invention ” which may conducu to his success, and it would scorn none of Jules Verne's heroes will luvu tho ghost of u chance besido THE I’KOKKSSOR’s WONDERFUL CAU 13 Professor (Jaruior’s outfit will, of course, embrace a phonograph, a photo* camera, telephones, an oleotvio battery, and so on ; but tho most novel uppointmoutwillboa oago, which ho has specially designed for tho trip, aud of which ho gives the following dosorip Tho cago ismndoof stool wire woven into a diamond-shaped lattioo, with a two- inch mesh aud framed iu strong steel framos. Each panel ot tho cage is three feet six inches square, and tbore are in all twenty-four panels, oach one interchangeable with all tho rest, so that thoy cun bo united with ouso into a oubo of soven foot square, and any sido will serve for top or bottom, aud any pauol can be used us a door. Tin: usus or Tin? caok. Tho uses to which tho ougo may be put will, of course, bo numerous :— It cau bo erected as easily as a tent, and will bo used at night to canu> in. It will torve me as a bouao while I may bo detained iu making terms with tho natives or studying their spoech ; aud it will bo u fortross in tho juuglo, whoro Imustspond most of raytimoin tryiug to find tho sooret which I seek. Put the use of my cage will not be limited to amoro , place of safetyfrom the wild beasts that prowl i through the forests at night; it will sorvo also as a depot for iny supplies. It will bo > oukod aoouroly to the udjuoont trees by tbreo strong ohainn attached to a Y-shaped iron, • bolted through tho top of tho oago. It will 1 ooutuin hammock ana camp chair. Bosidos thoso, it will bo occupied by mv phonograph, . photographies instruments, tolophonos, aud olootrio battery with which to operate them. . A single charge of this olootrio battery will ► lost for about 300 conseoutive hours. By the * uso of a small switohboard, I shall bo able be fire my flaeh light at night, or to suap my i kodak in tho daytime, and to operate my 5 telephones if necessary. Iu oand of d&uger; or [ unoxpootod attack, by tho use of my switch 1 board oud by menus an induction coil, I cau ( ohargo the outiro oago with oleotrioity, developing an altornatiug current of about 300 volts. In leaving my oago with its con tents for any length of fcimo, I ahull simply chargo it iu this raannor with clcott laity, in i order that in my absence my meddlesome neighbors may bo induoed to lot it alone. UNIQUE AND MARVELLOUS. A “ unique and marvellous'' experiment ! among tho many wbioh tho Profosaor oxpoota to be ablo to perform is that of phonograph rag tho sounds of the apo* at a distance from his cage, where his phonograph will bo located at timos. I shall aooomplisb this (he says) by moons of tho telephones which I Bin having con structed for tho purpose with a waterproof cable wiro connected at one ond with tho diaphragm of tho phonograph, and at tho othor oud (which may bo carriod any distance, ovou a milo or more through the forost) ooa nooted with a small telephone concealed in a tin horn ; all of which will be puiuted a dingy groon in order that it may bo con cealed in tho loaves or hidden in tho moss or undergrowth of tho forest. In front of this horn will bo placod decoys, baits, ofiigios, mirrors, or suen othor means as may bo found necessary to induce tho chimpaiuoos and gorillas to utter their sounds tbore, which sounds of oourje will be immediately trans mitted to, aud recorded on tho phonograph cylluder, which will bo operated by oloo PnOTOGItAPltY EXTRAORDINARY. Tho Professor means to provide himself I with globes for incandescent light. Thoso I will bo connected with hia battery, bo that in caso of alarm during the night “ tho oaueo 1 may bo easily ascertained by simply switch ing on tho light for a few seconds.” If it is found that anything within tbo field of my kodak shall bo worth potographlng, ’ the flash light will be fired and thopioturo i taken,including tho engoand its surroundings. Amid the deep silonco of tho forest I shall take a photograph at nightfall, one at mid night and ono at the dawn, thus preserving 1 a vivid idea of tho npproaoh of darkness, tho nppearanoe of tho forest by artificial light in the dead, still hours of night, and tho awakening of lifo in tho oariy dawn when tho first rays of sunlight glanco through the foliago wot with tropical dew. MORE MARVELLOUS l’EATS. Those intended feats of photography will to tho initiated seem sufficiently startling. But greater wonders romain behiud:— I expect to bo ablo to socuro photographic views of tho homo life of thoso groat apes, as also pf tho natives of tho sarao rogions. I hope to secure photographs of tboir mouths in tho act of talking, ana at tho samo timo tho phonographic records showing tho soundB thoy utter. With tho aid of ray phonograph I shall record and bring homo the sounds of all tho creatures of thoso deop forests that uttor spoooh, and with my camera shall preserve for oivili6ed man photo graphs of the Royal families, the beaux and ' hellos of Royal sooioty in ovoning dress, tho peasantry, slaves, and sooial parasites, tho wild beasts, tho tropical birds, and oven tho slimy serpents that infest thoEdonof tropical Africa. Islrallsecuro tho sooial and religious songs, the rites and ooremonics, tho music and Hpeech of tho people. I shall tako photo graphs of tboir homes, whioh will afford a vivid idea of tho domostio lifo and habits of this curious people, us thoy may bo found worshipping their diotioa or dancing in tboir sins. Wo may thus ascertain how much bondago and civilisation have rospcctivoly wrought for this raco by comparing their condition with that of their kinsmen in Amorica, who havo grown up under tho in fluences of civilisation. This will bo an im portant ethnological faot to determine. DEADLY Wiuroxs. The Professor's outfit will, of course, in oludo some deadly woapons. To firo a gun in tho forest would alarm tho animals nud drivo them from tho locality. But tho Pro fessor's resources are equal to all emergon I havo devised a gnn and missilo suited to my speoial uso. - The gun barrel is simply a straight reed about four feot long, bored out smooth and uniform, and tho miaslo is driven by tbo forco imparted by two strong rubber bandH and two Bteol springs. Tho weapon is charged with an arrow or dart having a steol bead of peculiar design, which is forced open on entering its quarry, tho contents of tho arrow-hend being thereby discharged. Tho arrow-head will contain fifteen drops of prussic acid. In easel shall soo an animal or a group of animals which I may desire to scouro, by tho uso of this in strument I can sooure either ono or all of them, without unnecessary injury or alarm. Tho offect of this aoid discharged in tho blood is almost instantaneous aud painless TO KEEP THE “ FEROCIOUS BEAST “ AT RAY. For personal preservation, Profoeaor Gamier has a more wonderful weapon still: —“ My masked battery consists of a rubber canteen of my own device, to which is attached a hoe© about two feot long, on tho ond of which is a motallio nozzlo, provided with a ring to fit tho fourth finger, and a valve oponintr and cloaiug like a iluto koy. Tho canteen will bo worn buckled under tho arm, wbilo tho ring on tho nozzlo will bo worn on tho fourth finger of tho right hand, so that it may be used on tho instant in case of surprise. This battery will be charged with ooncontrated ammonia, a douche of which in cIobo quarters will sot the most forocious boast to thinking. “ NO END BUT TUtJTII.” Most readers will think tho Professor’s preparations fairly adequate, but it is gratify ing to learn that if the plans bo has laid shall fail “new ones will bo thought out and put to tho test. " ■ “I feel adequate to the task of meeting these animals on tbeir own grounds, believing that my intolligonoo will be oquul to their brute strength. I am willing to forego tho oomforta of civilised life, the endearments of home, and the blessings of health an^ plenty, and tnko upon mvsolf lUo hardships, the privations, and tbo toil "fsuoh ft journey, thill I may give to tlio wmhl tbo secret with which to pass the {rates ol spyooli. I :ifk no reward but yuceoy*, t seek uo cud but Wo trust that ho may find it. Tko ac count of bis piepanitions cornoa precious ' near imnressinir the Knulish reudor with the \ beliof tluit ho has nut foiuul it yot.~ “Pall Mull Budget.” 