SPORTING NOTES -FROM VICTORIA. A BAINY CUP MEETING. The Oaks and Steeplechase Day. RETIEWINQ THE KACING. Kext Tear's Cnp Stake. (Br 'Ajax.') UiiiBOtniNi, Monday. As I roso from my virtuous couch at tho usual hour on Saturday morning rain was do soonding steadily, and a glonoa out of tho window supplied ovidenoe that anoli had been the oaae for somo hours. The suspicion at onoo orossod my mind that tho concluding day's raoing in oonneotion with the V.B.C. Spring Mooting would havo to bo postponed. Tho stewards mot during tho morning and re luotantly docidod that tho meeting must go on, moro to meot the oonvonionoo of the visi tors than for any othor reason. The rain did not ooaso until bofore tho last raco of the day, aud the stato of tho reserves, tho coarse, and tho handful of people pre sent may be bettor imagined than described. With a sorious falling o££ in the roooipts on Cup Day and a shortago ovor Steoplechaso Day, it would appear that tho V.B.C. has rosiciiod that position whioh tha pessimists have been looking forward to (and apparently with foolinga not altogether unploasant) for somo timo past. ' Wait till tho V.E.C. get a wot Cup weak,' oroakod thoso prophets of ovil, 'aud then soo what about your ton thousand ponnd atakoa.' Thoro ia certainly an impression now that a roduotion in tho prizo monoy will have to bo facod, but I havo tha word of a V.E.C. aommittoomau that tho Btakos will only bo out down as a last extremity. It iBrooognisod that tho Molbourno Cup has in its present form bocoino, as it were, the property of the colony— for it is supported from the four quarters of Victoria— and it is looked upon that no broach of faith with tho poople should bo lightly entered upon. As a last resource it is quito probable that the V.B.C. will havo to follow tho oxamplo of othor olubs, and appropriate tho swoepstakes monoy. Iu tho past the odd (Ivors, the half forfeits, and tho final .£45 apiece, whioh ownors of starters in tho Cup havo to pay has totalled botwoon ^£3000 and jfltOOO, and this has all gono to swell the J210,000 added by the olub. By appropriating tho sweepstakos tho Club will bo oblo to get tliorasolres out of thoir difflcultiea without, aa far as tho outer world can soo, reducing tho stakes. If auch a course m adopted, and I am afraid that it must bo dono^ tuo £o0 whioh is now requirod beforo a horao can start in tho Cup would be reduced, Bay, to .£30, which would givo tbo Club a substantial sum, would ploase all tho ownors, and tho Cup would ramain a ^10,000 Cup all tho same. Othor big races could bo similarly treated. This, thon, now that thoro is no hopo of assistance from tho totalisator, becomes almost inevitable. A glanco back at the four days of tho meet ing shows that the sport was oxoellcnt, not withstanding that terrible Cup Day and that worse Steopleohaso Day. Now South Waloa trained horses won seven out of tho 2-ii races, which is only a fair rosult, whon wo remem ber that your colony led oft with throe wins on tho opening dajr. Tho Cup surprisa is atill one' of the chiof topics of conversation in sporting oircles. The prize could not have gono to a party who needed the monoy moro. If it had been necessary to pay the last -i'45 or tho £30 sweepstake in commotion with tho Cnp on tho Tuosday bofore tbe race (which was tho last time for declaring out) it is any odds that Gleuloth would not have started. It was the ' ready ' that the poople behind Glenloth were moat in nood of, but they thought thoy had a Bhow of winning tho Warlabv Handicap at Caulfield on tbo Tuos ? day, and therefore left Glonloth in. Thoy did win the raco alluded to, though it is said that thoy reaped vory littlo advantnge thoreby out side the stake, tbo big backers to whom tho horao was given as a certainty — everybody else, including friends being put off — won a large stake with little risk, only throwing Glenloth's people .£125 of thoir winnings. Mr. J. Urquhart, tho owner of Glonloth, is a milk man carrying on business in unaristocratic Col lingwoou', but ho is agood ju'Jge of a horso, and a far better sport than many a man I know who could buy him up twenty times (Glonloth's winnings and all). Geo. Bobson, who rode Glenlotb, was laid ^2000 to nothing. Of courae, now that ho haa won a Melbourne Cup, ho will bo craoked up ub the coming jockoy, but as a matter of fact he has always been a good jookey, and he never puts on much ' Bido ' either. Ho is bhapod very much aftor the stylo of tho late Fred Arohar, and Eutjlish raoa visitors have told us in tho past that Bobson's style is exactly what poor Aroher's usoS to be. The ownor and trainer of Glonloth hadn't a penny on the horse — they couldn't afford to back him— and could never discover who had the horso in any of the big sweeps. If any luoky drawor of Glenloth wants to bo genorous ho might do worse than send a hundred or two to Mr. M. Carmody, of Caulfield, the vory competent trainer of the Cup winner. Carmody graduated in a homo Btable, but for fifteen years followed his calling in Now Zealand, and afterwards in Tasmania, where he was Mr. ' Bod ' O'Connor's private trainer. Carmody has been 30 years at the game, and knows every turn of it. As full accounts of the first two days' raoing at Flemington appeared in last week's Bepebee, I will not further allude to Derby or Cup Day, but will get on to Oaks Day. The racing on the third day was commenced with the Flying Stakes. There was no two year-old Trieste in the raco thia year to beat the older horses, though some people say that Mec was hotter than Triesto ovor know how to bo. Perhaps she is, but Bhe is not quite her solf ]ust now, and boforo starting in the Ken sington Stakos (which she won) was badly boaton on tbo track by threo moderate stable companions. Still, she runs better in publio than in private, and though she met her firat defeat in the Flying Stafcea, sho beat all of her own year, finishing fourth (aftor losing a lot of ground at the start) to Bungobah, Paris, and Autonomy. The race was a gift to Bun gebah, who now appears to be iu his true form. Ho simply played with the field all tho way. Some poople thought that tho rider of Paris was not anxious to win, but if that wero so he is tho boat ' kiddor' I ever saw in my life. Undor any circumstances though ho could not bavo beaten Bungcbah, whose great performance could be gauged through Autonomy, who, though third, was very badly beaten, and the seven furlongs woro cut out in tho Bmart timo of lmin STjaoc. The rcBult of the Oaks raoe was very un satisfactory. Etro-Woenie won, but to mo bar rider soomod to soriously interfere with Trieste. Tho stewards — only throo Bat on the case— thought otherwise, and dismissed tho protoet. Mr. J. B. Clark was naturally very wrath over the matter, aud entered an ap poal. Tho full committee of tho V.B.C. will now havo to deal with it, but it is to be hoped that tho three Btawards who sat on tho oasa— and who are mombors of the oommittec — will refrain from sitting ou the appeal. If they have any regard for doconoy of course they won't Bit on it. Under tho circum stances I atill have hopes of Triesto getting tho raca. Soveral Sydney witnosaes are to bo oallod on tho appeal by Mr. Clark. With a olear run I think Tiiasto o would have won by two or throe Jongtha, although Huxloy did not rido ona of hia beat racoa on hor. This was ono of Etra-Woonio's firat wins sinoo her Maribyrnong Plato vic tory. She ia a very hard mare to train, her tooth giving a lot of trouble. If all had gono well with hor I think buo would have boon good enough for tho Dorby, and if I wero nakod to name a likely ono for tho next Mol bourno Cup I would havo no hesitation in mentioning Etra-Woonie. Sho is by Trenton, who has had a rare innings at tho tneoting, the six horsoa of his got running at tho mooting winning four races and runniug second in the Cup. His stock whan offarod by Mr. Wilson noxt eoasou Bhould roalieo splondid prices. Bonda, who ran second in tho Cup, and winners in Gaillardia (twioa), Gloria and Etra-Weonie are all by Trenton, whoso only other stock running at tho meoting wero Alioia and Caloulus. I would like to couple tho latter with Etra- Weenie as a likely Mel bourne Cup winner. With a year on his age, he will, all being woll, turn out a great borse. There ia some talk about Mr.t Wilson kooping all tho Trenton horaea and racing them him self, bs the late Mr. James Whito did tho hones by Choator, but I don't think there is anything in this. Though not suoh a hijh- priMd «iie aa Nordonfuldk I tSunk Tronton will provo hinmolf quito an noocli Both aro stalliona that any country miffM bo proud of. Thofoaturo of tho Second Hurdlo Baoo was tho orratio performance o? Morrlgal. Tho son of Eobort tlio Dovil oponod at 6 to 1, and rocodod to 20 to 1 at tho fall of tho flag. Aftor being kopt longtha and lengths behind tho fiold for tho groator part of tho journey, ho onme with a tromondous run at tho finish and scoured fifth place. Sovoral ownors aro anxious to buy tho horse with a view to Grand National possibilities, but tho price wanted is, I boliovo, very high. 1 think Morrigal, who was purohased not so long ago from Mr. Browor, Bon., of Wagga, for J312, ia a second Bcdloap. Tho raoo was won by Mr.' S. Miller's Pingarn, whoso ownor had not a penny on hor. Martin Bourko, tho woll-known oroas-country jookoy, had tho mount, and thoroforo tho viotory waa popular. Cumbo roona, who is now in Hiokoubotham's stable, ran nocond. Liko most of tho Glorious horsos, Cumboroona., though fast, is some what faint-hearted. Tho Taamanian-brod Blyth went out favorito, but, though loading at tho last hurdlo, ho was not in nuffioiontly good condition to finish homo. Ksoort shaped wall, running fourth, but tho tnuch- fanoiod Josophino ran badly. Tho Boyal Park Stakes onded in a sur prise. Paris was reckoned noxt door to a certainty, whilo of tho threo-yoar-olds, Meli, Azim, and Candour were all preferred to Dona tion, the winnor. Camoola was on tho coarso, but at tho last moment Tom Pay ten deoidod to sond Donation and rosorvo Camoola for tho Canterbury Plato on tho fourth day, and tho oxcollonco of his judgment was confirmed by Donation winning, though if ho and Paris had not oollidod at tho half-distanoo I think Paris would havo just about done tho trick. Tho viotory of Donation Bhowod what a strong hand tho syndicate hold in regard to throo-yoar-olda. Meli and Azim ran disap Eointingly, but Malvolio Bhaped bottor than o did in tho Cup, and finished third. Tho victory, of Titan in tho Spring Handicap, caused no ond of a sensation. Considering hia good fifth iu tho Molbourno Stakoa ho Bhould not havo beon allowod to go out at ton to one, moro especially as that good and resoluto borsoinan, James Hayes, was up. Haves had nover proviously riddon Titan, but ho mado the faint-hearted Ron of Chester go straight all tho way, though ho triad to cut it onco or twice. A horso in Hayes' hands has to do his best, or nuffor for it. Litigant, about whoso Caulfield Cup chance- I was vory sweot, wou tho Veteran Stakes like a good 'un. She camo with a tremendous run at the finish and smotherod hor field, Goldreef getting second, and Clonard, the favorito, third. Litigant was not fancied by tho stable (though oa form she looked to havo a rare show), and sho went out at 12 to 1. Tho concluding day's racing will bo long romomborod. It was tho most miserable day I ever spent on a racecourso. The eport itsnlf was not bo bad, bnt the re serves wore ankle-doep in mud, and tho rain kept up almost to the last. Calculations wero, of course, considerably npsot. Still, throe favorites won, which was owing princi pally to the fact that as Boon as a favorito waa made tbo majorityof tho other ownors woro content to back it in preference, to their own horses. Backers made a bad start, as Autonomy, tho favorite, liko the othor Chester horaea, cannot aot in the mud. Ho was never onoo dangerous. Azim, who ran woll in the Cup race in heavy going, and who was not hampered with a poualty, had tho race won all tho way, nothing having a show with him at any part of the journoy. Moore rode the winnor, and ho also rodo Panoply, who won tho Flomington Stake3. Panoply was ontorod in his trainer's, Tom Brown's, puma, but ran in the Hon. W. A. Lonn-'a colors. In Panoply and Gloria tho stable have two good two-yoar-olds. Salutation (full sister to Lady Edda) is, however, said to bo bettor than either. A frivolous protest against Panoply for interfering witu iortuuate, who ran second, was dismissed. Litigant again showed hor superiority in tho V.E.C Handioap, whioh she won rather easily from Jerioto. Clomird, the favorite, finished among' the rear ones. Litigant was only raised 51b for her Veteran Stakes win, but Mr. Doakin thought abo would not stay — whioh ho had no right to assume, ssaing that tbe trainer thought bo, or he would not have entered her. Besides Litigant has always shown herself a stayer. Sho ought to win the Williainstown Cnp on Wednesday. Confidence must bo greatly improved, or they woro a bad lot behind him in tbe Stoople chase, for ho carried his list 101b to victory in rare stylo. Nothing that stood up bad the ghost of a show against him, Kremlin, who was_ trying to race him tho last five furlongs', coming to grief at tho second last fence. Sir W. J. Clarko's horse. Claret, lias boen banofitted by a spell, and shaped fairly well. Tho Admiral won the Canterbury Plato like tho racehorse he is. He won tho raca just as easily as Confidence did the Stoeplechaso, Paris, Camoola Azim, &c;, only appearing like haoks compared with him. If it had been a fine day when tlio Cup was run I think he would have won that race all right. Gail lardia scored again for Trenton by winning tbe final raco, the Free Handicap, in which All There, tho favorito, ran badly. Mr. Dakin mode another blunder hero, aa Qall lardia was allotted Sib less than she carried in the Bailway Handioap. Again, the handi capper assumed — on her Oaks rnnnipg — that Gaillardia could not stay. This is a very dangerous principle, Mr. Dakin, and yon will do well to drop it. Danto, the airs of Bodleap, died at Colao last week. Bel Giorno, Caloulus, Bonda and Kooka burra returned to Sydney to-day. Penance and Forty Winks aro both in the hospital, and will not go over lor some days. 