PART II.--GLOOM ·.: 'fa i d!'i J ,- THiii, CLOUD,.THICKENS.. ? . hi Greystone House was an unpretentious erection hi standing on, the side of a gentle hill, and commanding a view of sea, bold headland, rocky shore, 'and'sandy o beach, that gladdened the hearts of the few.dwellers in tl the city who had the entrde thereof; "There was nothing e, architecturally distinctive about it-no picturesque B gables or'stacks of chimneys-no ghost-walked terrace. p Though an old house, that is dating as far back as the reign of the third George, it had an aspect of newness s; wliich was heightened by the smoothness of the closely- a mown, lawn; the neatly-trimmed hedges, .and the h abominationi-:I'.: can call. it nothing else-of clipped svycamores' in 'front of it'i :The truth is that Captain ai Austin df ;HBM.' Navy;' living there on halt-pay and t!' having but little to do, made' a little work to keep him- b self out of mischief? as was he wont to put 'it. This work al cbnsistel in. perpetually trimming and pruning nature's m redundancies--for 'the cliimate of this part of old Englaii is 'salubrious, moisture and warmth together c: tending to that luxuriant growth which lovers of the fc beautiful in nature delight in-and in painting the front h of the 61d :'stone house a dazzling' white, as a set-off "t' which he ':'painted the venetian blinds I an equally'brilliant greeni: ;Remonstrance was unavail- a ing. The veteran'insisted that he had the most august of precedents for his proceedings.. Did not Louis XVI. 1\ of France, of unhappy memory, . :onsole himself during one of those dreary prison days sltortly before his execu- h tion by completing the work of tae locksmith who had b been deputed by those rascally r'volutionists to make e assurance of their victim doubly sure? 'And if a Bourbon v was not above being a locksmith was he, simple Henry c Austin, too much of a gentleman tohandle a paint brush? a Not he, indeed I What was it tlat old fellow Herbert t said about sweeping a room ? Get me Herbert's poems, t Mabel-the most sensible man that ever wrote poetry t was Herbert." Mabel Austin,with laughter in her eyes, but the demurest of expressions about her poutingalips, t would run t& the library and bring the vblume, and then t assure h'er father with the utmost gravity that, though Herbert had illustrated his theory by the extreme case of a servant sweeping a room, Captain' Austin would ] not find a parallel to his action in painting the house front. The captain's man servant, an old sailor who had t served under him until he relinquished his command, was his 'assistant in these; ecchntricities; and between them they kept the modest maiision and the very limited I grounds attached to it in what Austin considered good order. ' Nature had, however, done so much to make the situation beautiful that the " ancient mariner's " deficiencies in good taste were overlooked, and as he was a man with a long, adventurous, and honourable record, and his wife and daughters were allowed to be the most agreeable people in the neighbourhood, those who were thrown into the way of the Austins, or who contrived to throw themselves into their way, were apt to linger as long as and sometimes longer than good breeding allowed. Mrs Austin was one of those quiet, introspec tive, self-repressingwomen,whom no one suspects of being romantic or addicted to hero worship, but who are given to idolising what appear to the world to be very commonplace sort of men. The short, thick-set man with the round red face, merry blue eyes, round fore head surmounted by crisp curly grey hair, was to her a hero of whom the world was not worthy. His daughters idolised him, and taking it altogether, though Henry Austin had nothing more than ha!fpay as the reward of a life spent in his country's service, the closing 'stage was certainly one of contentment and tranquil happiness such as many :a millionaire might' envy. ' There was something of i'rony in his fate. The man who had experienced hair-breadth 'escapes by land and sea-ship wreck, starvation on an uninhabited' island, desperate wounds at the hands of Arab .slavers, and who was nevertheless a hale and hearty man in his sixtieth year -was destined to be drowned in sight of his own home. Hehad sailed outtof the little bay one pleasant day of calm sea and bright skyi No one ever knew how it happened, but the boat floated in keel uppermost, and the captain's body was found s'tretched out on the shining sands. Hold fast Steele,who had never spoken to his sister-after, her marriage with "a beggarly' lieutenant," seemed some-. what mollified by the death of her husband, and behaved to the widow and his nieces with something approaching to humanity. The old usurer had accumulated considerable wealth, and as he had not another near relative living at the time .of Austin's death,he seemed inclined to' devote the accumu lations of his long, solitary money-grubbing life to the endowment of his nieces. Towards Mabel he exhibited Ea marked preference; insisted on her visiting the great cheerless house in Boulderston that was, he said, to be 1 hers when he had tired of business; and even urged Mrs Austin to let her daughter assume all the responsibilities of housekeeper to him. While the family at Greystone House were anxiously discussing the proposal, to which 1 Mabel very naturally was somewhat reluctant to accede, an event occurred which completely changed their prospects. A storm, long remembered by widows and orphans made desolate by the remorseless ocean, drove a heavily laden homeward bound bark on the cruel black rocks that formed one horn of the little bay in front of Greystone. The grey morning light showed a beach strewn with wreckage, and the black hull of the dismasted ship battering itself to pieces like a huge , whale in its death throes. Mabel Austin and her sisters, t true daughters of their sailor father, were down to the beach in the dim twilight, with restoratives and wraps and various articles that might be useful in emergencies. t The lifeboat from the neighbouring station put off, and s' the excited throng on the beach watched her with pain- v ful intentness as she rode over the tremendous billows 1; that came rolling, thundering, and foaming into the c shingle and the sand. To the eager watchers she seemed s to have reached the wreck when a cloud of mist and s spray obscured for a moment doomed bark and saving p lifeboat-, as sea and sky seemed mingled., When the h mist lifted the lifeboat alone. was visible-the bark had n broken in half and disappeared. : For a few minutes the tl lifeboat hovered about the spot where she had gone a down and then slowly returned to shore. Then a few d exhausted and injured men were helped to land,and one, T ' evirtlrifly tho e?,mumandcr, atpparently dead, carried care fully. and laid upon the beach. Mabel kneeled by the h, senseless sufferer and placed her ear to his breast. "He ca lives !" she 'said excitedly, "'I'm sure he lives I Here Hetty, you can feel his heart beat I" It 'wasp true. Tom Treloar's hour had not come. I Willing hands carried him swiftly and gently to Grey- to stone House, where old Marline,whohad seen men drowned and been 'nearly drowned himself " times out of number" m 'as he was.accustomed to aver, undertook to resuscitate him. In this he was so far successful that before the al 'wind had quite subsided and while the angry waves were ca still venting their fury on headland and bay,. Captain Treloar was peacefully sleeping, and a warm. colour m 'had replaced the ghastly. pallor of his dark exp'. ive th 'fade. Nothing was more natural than that bo-,lhie blue eyed Manh1l. sk1.ad.A ,,. -1.. ....-. ,,.,ung and to c her mind handsome sailor, with a devotion that caused h. her sisters to rally her unmercifully. w "Of course," Hetty would say, " nothing that any cl of the Austins could do would be criticised in the spirit ft that.other people's actions would'be. Poor father was Ic eccentric, and what can you expect of his daughters? t. But really, I should' have hesitated a long time before I p placed my head on, a strange:young man's breast I" rr "Oh I but he looked so"deathlike-so; oh! dreadful," hi said Mabel with a shudder ; I couldn't bear the suspense h. a moment longer. I felt that I must find out whether p he was dead or not." A " It's really shocking." Nellie would interpose. S " For all Mabel knew, or we know for that matter now, ' this Roman-nosed, black-eyed, square-jawed sailor may ci be a pirate, or smuggler, or at least a fillibuster I That's tc about what he is; you may depend upon it. He looks tl more like a Yankee than an Englisman." .R h A To which Mabel would indignantly retort that she p cared nothing for stupid conventionalities. The poor a' fellow was in distress and pain, and it was only common b humanity to minister to him. ti "Be not forgetful to entertain strangers," said ii Hetty, mischievously, "you know some have entertained h angels unawares." ' If this is one he certainly is a black angel," added t Nellie. Captain Treloar soongotaboutagain. The injury he had suffered from the falling mast had fortunately proved to t be merely superficial, and though a slight fever followed the exposure and immersion, before a week had elapsed he was able to sit up in the pleasant drawing room, and contrived to make himself very agreeable to the widow and her daughters. Under such circumstances affairs of the heart progress with a rapidity that scorns conven tionalities and too frequently ignores prudence. Cer tainly neither Mabel Austin nor Thomas Treloar ever t asked themselves if there were any reasons for delaying the declaration of the love, pure, ardent, and spontaneous, that glorified and idealised each to the other. " The loss of my ship is a staggerer, Mabel; but when I come home again 1 shall expect to find you ready. I have an eye on as snug a little place in Devon as heart could wish for. Only about fifteen months, sweet, and then you will give me this little hand as you have already given me that big heart of yours, won't you ?" And Mabel withdrew her plump little hand from his big muscular ' paw,' as he termed it, and put both hands on to his brawny shoulders, looking up at his firm, dark, decided face, softened just then by a smile of mingled affection and protection. "Sweetheart now-wife then. Is it settled, Mabel? A softly spoken, "Yes, Tom," and a kiss sealed the : engagement; and then they left the little summer house where they had been conversing for an hour or more and went straight to the dining room; where Mrs Austin was sitting absorbed in one of those reveries to which she was so much addicted. Mabel ran upstairs. Captain Treloar, like a bluff gallant sailor as he was, stated the case in a very few words; in fact, had asked for Mrs Austin's blessing before that good lady clearly comprehended the fact of her daughter's engagement. Somewhat aston Sished, she hesitated for a reply. Treloar, misinterpre \- ting her silence, began to reproach himself. S" Forgive me, dear Mrs Austin; I have acted thoughtlessly, but upon my honour 1 couldn't help it. SHow could anyone be insensible to Miss Austin's attrac f tions ? Much less a poor wretch who had been recalled a to life by her devotion and skilful nursing ? I ought to s have asked your permission to pay my addresses, of s course; but you see I loved her before I saw you." S Gentle Mrs Austin smiled. "You arevery impetu \- ous, Captain Treloar. That was love at first sight, was it e not? I do not think that love at first sight is the best s sort of love.', r" Perhaps not, Mrs Austin; but if you would'phrase . it differently and say 'first love' I think you would be n expressing the state of the case more correctly. I love i, her-she loves me-we only want your approval and s then ?hilen I come home from my next trip to Australia, I I- will give her a home of her own which I will try to make r worthy of her." e • "Ihave no cause for misgivings so far as I am d personally concerned. Your credentials are quite satis factory, and I had too happy a life with Captain Austin to'doubt that Mabel will be happy with the man she loves and who loves her, The only question that arises is how will her uncle Steele take it ? He is a man of strong prejudices and decided opinions. He was prejudiced against Captain Austin and never forgave me for marry ing him until poor dear Henry was no more." "Holdfast Steele of Boulderston? Is he Mabel's uncle ?" Mrs Austin inclined her head and Treloar's' face clouded. " Well, Mrs Austin, it has gone too far to be recalled now. I have your approbation-I have Mabel's love. I don't want anything more of fortune's favours at present, or the fickle goddess will be giving me a rough time of it. My ship is ready for me and this is my last evening at Greystone until I bring the Gull home, as I trust I shall, to Boulderston." The subject of their engagement was not again alluded to by Mabel or Treloar until the hour of parting, when Mabel again, in answer to Treloar's :anxious question, " Are you quite happy Mabel-quite confident that you may trust yourself to me ?" assured him of her unalterable love and devotion. The next morning the Gull shook out her white wings and slipped out of the harbour on her way to Auscralia. We have seen on what sort of a night she returned-in fact, when Treloar was making for the port a very vivid recollection 'ofh'is last return was agitating tl's mind, and though.'courage ous to the verge of ra-nness, he more than once con sidered the advisableness of keeping off a dangerous shore, even though .~e were to lose the hundred pounds prize which the cwvners, more speculative than prudent, had offered to the first of their ships that should be moored at Boullerston. But all had ended well, except that visit to Steele's; and Captain Shoal who was anxiously wating for the return of his friend was quite deceived bythe light laugh and cheerful demeanour of Treloar. " I needn't ask you Tom, I can see that old Steele has relented. I told you he was going to cut'l his cable." " By jove, I don't think so I" answered Tireloar, " The old reprobate nearly provoked me to shake him. I wish he had been thirty years younger,' I wou!d'have taken five pounds out of his hide." "Then you couldn't get him to postpone th~.piay ment ?" Treloar laughed. "'I didn't even Bgt hnim to approach the subject. He serc fcr a polucema: and I came away." Captain Shoal smo" ea thoughtfully for a., fey, minutes and then -.^^cked," It's a good thing you beat the Argosy-yliat hundred will come in very handy." ( It ,rn indeed," replied Treloar, "and I think I can see my way clearly to get the paper out of Steele's hands, though I did nothing with the swab but quarrel with hint to-night. But I shall turn in-I've got my work cut out for me to-morrow." So saying Treloar bade:his friend "good-night" and went to his own room. Having locked the door he sat down, and leaning his arms on the table fell into deep thought, occasionally uttering ex pressions of impatience or anger that showed his com munings with himself to be somewhat unpleasant. " If his spite had been vented on Mabel alone,'it would not have mattered much; but that the old dog should have punished the whole family is exasperating. PoorMMr's Austin ! You played or let your daughters play the good Samaritan to some purpose when you vot. poor Tom Treloar instead of rich Uncle Steele. h'ing' the old curmudgeon I What difference could it possibhly mrake to him ? Well, it is no use regretting- regrets are wotse than idle. '' It is either give up Mabel and break her heart, or marry her and face poverty boldly. I suppose poor Mrs Austin will want all the help that I can give her, and the girls will have to try the world for themselves. Not a very bright prospect for any of us; and if I thought.to restor' Mabel to her uncle's favour by break ing the engagement I might only succeed in breaking her heart, as no one cam tell what that wretched old man might do. Just as likely as not he would regard that move as a bold stroke for his fortune and take a fiendish pleasure in disappointing them. Confound everything i It would have been better for all of.us if they had never fished me out." With which painful' reflections Captain Treloar " turned in." \- * * *. The evening of Christmas Day saw Treloar at Greystone, where he found the family all well and received a hearty welcome. They remained up until nearly midnighl, having so much to hear and to tell,.but when the three sisters had retired Treloar approached the subject of their quarrel with Holdfast Steele, or rather of Holdfast Steele's quarrel with them. " Dear Mrs Austin," said Treloar, " I cannot forgive myself for being, unwittingly as it was, the cause of your brother's resentment. I really regret that you should have in formed him of the fact of our engagement." " I did not see that it was possible nor right to conceal it. He had as it were assumed the guardianship of my girls, and I should have felt myself guilty of decep tion if I had not informed him of a matter so all im- . portant to Mabel's future." " True-I feel that you are right; but that. all of you should have to suffer for the action of one is intoler able injustice, and makes me ask myself sometimes if I am not shirking a painful duty by not restoring Mabel to her Uncle's favour." " Captain Treloar ! Do you mean that you some times contemplate breaking off your engagement?. ex claimed Mrs Austin." "If I knew that Mabel and all of you would be rein stated in Holdfast Steele's favour I would break 'it off to-morrow-that is if poor Mabel could bear it. But I fear for her. We men are made of sterner stuff. But Mabel-Mabel-there's where the torture comes.' . " Yes indeed, Captain Treloar, I should dread the result if anything separated you two. But I think y0u have 'l: .. ed this matter to worry you too much, -,It'is true that we have lost tihe tardy favour that my'unwbrthy brother has lately shown us, but we did without it twenty five years, and iare no poorer so far as our expectations from HIoldfast are concerned than we have alwaysbeen." Treloar's dark face brightened immediately. !' Tell me, dear Mrs Austin, tell me candidly, are you. not grieved that I should have won Mabe!'s lieart, ,arid blighted her prospects and yours?" . "I am grieved that my daughters should have to face the world with only a very small patrimony; but -I, am not sorry that Mabel won the love of a man who has proved himself to be worthy of a good woman's ,love. No, no, you are a very good exchange for Holdfast's money." Treloar grasped Mrs Austin's hand - murmured soimne words which his emotion rendered unintelligible? I and then when he had recovered his composuretold her frankly exactly how he was situated; his position being so much better than Mrs Austin had supposed that the Sgood woman's heart was filled with joy and thankfulness, and her slumbers were so deep and prolonged that the breartast bell was rung before she had risen. The meal c was' prolonged-a great deal of talking and laughing being inserted between the rolls and coffee. Then Nellie and Hettie set to work at various household duties, Mrs Austin took her accustomed seat in the old arm chair by the roaring fire, and Captain Treloar and Mabel walked to the village Post Office. The moment they entered the Post Office, it was evident that some excite ment had stirred the villagers. The postmistress regarded Mabel with a sort of incredulous surprise. " Oh l Miss Austin-you can't have heard-oh no I How should you when i come to think I But it's in the Boulderston Chronicle already, and it only happened last night." " What happened last night, Mrs Routh ? Anything of interest to us ?" The postmistress made no reply, but opening the paper pointed to a paragraph as she gave it to Mabel. 'Treloar-.looked over Mabel's shoulder as she read- 1 then 'a little cry burst from lier lips. " Oh Tom I How t dreadful l Holdfast Steele dead-murdered last night " " Dead I Murdered !"Impossible !" exclaimed Tre loar. :" Why, I had an interview with him last night but one.)).; Mabel looked at the date of the paper, and saw that tlie crime had been committed on Christmas eve. " It was not last night-Tom-look, it was Christ mas eve." Treloar took the paper and looked. His dark face paled perceptibly, and his hand shook. "Yes it was. 'Christmas eve-the body was discovered at Io o'clock. "v'I left his office about 9 o'clock. There must be some mistake. He was very much alive when I left the office. Don't let this horrible report upset you. Let us wait -1 -'for better imformation." .They -left the village and returned to Greystone House, agreeing to keep the report to themselves until It was confirmed or contradicted. .. About an hour after Treloar had left the office of the owners of the Gull a little wiry man with an acute face -and generally subdued sort of expression knocked at the door of the private residence of one of the partners. ""It being Christmas Day he was inforhied'that Mr'Yeik -:'Wtas"not .:at: home, but upon sending up 'his card on .whiiiih' head pencilled a few words he was admitted. i MrTeak"a'short- stout man with a!round and rosy, face, keen grey eyes, and bristly .black hair, looked it the 'small man in tweed suit aind grey overcoat for a few t-secofids, and then at the card :e had sent up, ";+:i.t:Inspector Swoop I see." '+ " :: The little man bowed. " I regret to have to trouble y.ou, sir, on this day above all other days, but I am led to believe that you can give me some information which may lead to the discovery of the prepetrator of a murder that for audacity caps ai I ever heard' of. Mr Holdfast Steele was shot in his oflfce betweeri the hours: of nine :.and' ten on Christmas evt. and from imformation re ceived we are inclined to subect a certain Captain Tre -loarwho commanded'a ship of yours, the' Gull." To describe adequately the ,ffect of this commiuni :cation upon Mr Teak'would be a difficult task. His rubicund face positively paled-his grey eyes were fixed on the impassive countenance of the detective-- his toiigue seemed glued to the roof of hismouth. '" Treloar -iTominTreloar -- shot-HAdfast Steele, impossible aincreditable' .. Mr Swoopo gently interposed " I did no. " t, .: h- e " Yji t ia i u, rt .... i:.' ' beoaiieehis jude'i as hI art. ,nk '"?.e:s.ihfter: i i ad. tro ltri pl.:t .C ?, C forpapert of an inc w e:of .1 ' ., tha t: lit T rC o. r hat" w' ,?'," , iit u t. of IHorndfi t 'lii:l'g'00 a su :o of loi:,.si, h l ebit g for' ! tlh cainel Dii- g ts x igt hi s vhssen *hi as "-n milto oy a lart of our s hip tar ba, l o,'. og o fIl so 3:pidy t nt it. w h: etidn 'h''c woi My) Ltt ti'ul t. . .g the yor :. a o 1 l.!." 4shoid ,.have.nmcif?"cilty ii .securin$ h .ilwa; hen. he .i ,; .solv ? ,d-u Ph ? ! ... .in : t 'i ..t., I ' ' lR'1h, li 'tlel l.., lce at Grysoi had b ei " resoitd beeby a ?lsortuodcndige.,? of: o net. after.. h, : eep ? bf wcrelfo olwnfascttt, ;' ti,- did ont. - otesit a e ' moire tothat he had onlypr i t: Ti ortsl andithat Jif de a e-laMd, at ? wmfh ,is "0cb an ,ctiount c,,,d":.; . lt, for thr a~d bres ,hot or hanged vyIrss ?,it his wduld-hae ilbent .f a goon thincig fors- manir .ti,. tc.lic of arih. ?hoting 'oidient in the neighbourloo; was so unuisual thait hiiigers him t he fiftieth t ne ihat day the postst, tress h arratied by a la'ttentive group : of listeners ho l she had 'gively th waper withd the aouny t d of the miit rder lt to Misshe Austin, who of course, as they all t new, owas a niece of aMr Steel; and to how Captain Treloar, who was staying at Greystone , s iand came to i..ta he Post-office .ith :sire, th e post-mistress, couldn't say if it relar'ue, onlyat tancat?e Miss Austin called him "eTomeion; and ' how the tne wity e as a corpse when Miss Aus, whotin tld him Ausabout the murder, and said " It's impossible-I was at holdfast v Steele,'sdi hoiuse oin that night-I was there athe atrineyo'clock." And how he tok the newspaper and oo ed at it, growing whiter as he looked, and how hisoted hean, trembled. p s ci To all this Mr Swoop and stn ne attentively, and t?he hacaviedng urcholased a cigar and a copy of the Boulderston ipaper ghted the oneand opened the others , anthat becominge :happardbeently so absor hanged yeain its contents twuld-hat the little he found himself alone tith the post-mistress. "Accord thing for the ape ma'a the polie nce of ai ve aec i clue I should say this rooCaptain Treloar that you were 'spealang about oughe t to know so ma cthing about it. I think you said he said he was at Hold ast Steelc's house t:.a That's e what he said, sir; ann d ivery shocked e seemedato be, I can tell you. 'Im thpossible,' says he ' Awhy, I was there at nine, and the ,aper says the body Swase found at ten.' Andiyou should loave seh howy pale shewent. He'stvery dark, you know, sirn very darkt, and :'fin man somie awould call him, though for my part Ie ;sliould be more afraid than foiid of him if I was his sweetheart r leastways his wife." To wlhih Mr Swoop nodded approvingly, and turn ing hibs subdued expressionless face towards the sea that ponly a year ago had well nigh finished the course of the object of the good woman's garrulity, smiled. Then lie bade the postmistress good evening and walked along the solitary street that ran parallel to the curve of the bay, to a little cottage on the outskits of the village, where he knocked, told his name, and was presently 'joiled.by the constable with whom he proceeded toGrey stone House. The lamps behind the dining-room cur tains of crimson were throwing rosy patches on the snow i which had been falling steadily for several hours. There trwere lights also in the drawing-room, in which Mabel and -Treloar who had been left to themselves, were absorbed 'in a game of chess which required such intense study as to render Captain Treloar quite mnconscious that his head was nearly touching Mabel's. Just as Mabel jeo ilpardised the monarch by withdrawing the ecclesiastical -protection, the door bell was rung, and the knocker plied in a somewhat emphatic manner, and a moment afterwards a maidservant announced that Captain Tre i' oar was wanted. " Wanted I" exclaimed Trceloar; "Who upon earth can, want me at this time of the day." Then.the c descended, and never, even when standing on the deck ._.t of his sinking vessel with the hungry waves roaring for I their prey did his heart so fail him as when the officer of I justice laid hands upon him and uttered the ominous ¬ words "I arrest you, Captain Thomas Treloar, for the murder of Holdfast Steele." There were many lawyers in Boulderston, but t Treloar had a genuine seaman's dislike for the fraternity, t and only when he realised the danger of his position did he come to the conclusion that it would be imperatively I necessary to employ one on his behalf. As for the Austins, the three terrified girls and the bewildered mother were so agitated by the death of their unworthy relative-so astonished at finding themselves the inheritors of his ill-gotten gains-so tortured by appre- s hensions that the terrible charge against Treloar would I be substantiated that but for the difference of the facts that they still occupied Greystone House and that the I captain was in prison they might easily have been taken t for the accused themselves. The examination of the murdered man's papers had revealed the fact that Tre- t loar had mortgaged a little -property that he inherited I from a relative who had been but a stern guardian to him. The mortgage had been effected on the eve of the voyage that had ended so disastrously on his return to England. 1 Ie had never come into contact with Steele until the i fatal evening of the latter's death; his friend Captain John Shoal having received the money- for him and the .( deeds- having been . signed at the house of a worthy . magistrate who was on the bench at the. examination. This- preliminary was adjourned on-the statement being . -:made .by Swoop that the case for the Crown was not complete, and honest Captain Shoal sought out a "land- 1 \- shark," as he somewhat contemptuously termed the man ( of words who was to watch the case.for Treloar. : Mr Swoop made the best use of the time at his disposal, and " when the, day for examination came had mustered :a terrible array of'evidence against the accused. Matty Drew's evidence told powerfully upon: the 1 ,'court. 'She had, she. said, been three years in Holdfast .Steele's _service;' She: knew :his habits and. how to \- manage him. He had, she had been told, the name of -being hard and cruel in his dealings, but so. far as she -was concerned she. had no,',zason to 'complain. Her .wages were-good, and Mr Steele always paid-t.lem-to a ,-day;- Mr Steele had:-not been himself for:soine weeks .before his death; He had stopped :up later than he usually did, though he was alwaysa.late sitter up. Then he had been fanciful about his -food, finding fault where there was no ;cause and' eating very little. 'He would sometimes- tell her.-that henwas going fast-that he'hadn't a friend in the world-that-his relatives were only wait ing for him to,. die, and then they, would be down on to his property like so, many vultures on; a corpse, but' he'd disappoint them-Yes he'd dis appoint the wretches. , When he said this his :eyes would glare, and he would shake his fist as if he saw them and wished to frighten them. On the night of;his ,death she had been very much upset on, going. into his .room to see him, as she thought, stretched, out on.the -bed- when she knew that he was downstairs in his.office. Her heart stood still and she left the room.without doing what she had gone to do, and ran down stairsto, the,room ,"at the back of the office. There she heard yoices,: Mr Steele's and another. - They. were quarrelling, and almost ,dir,-ifv sk- rnteredthe- room Mr. Steele;pulled,the bell v,.lty-. ,- openedtho.door.at,t?,heck:of the,,office -,id -.,l-.:-d ;i", a.'king her master, wyhat,h.vwanted.,; He tl .,e, r.. a ui James, the errand boy,. fpr a police"-. .- i:. a,, i.. the office had threaten , :o . . :.: \- ,:-:.- :: ri: ute and,looked har . ...... \- ttu rne c - r .in.. . _u', I..P.--,- s_ ho . !;now, ," :n .11 :,< "' - - 'i ti-c lr . oi-r .r 1 -;" -ti--' -kSi t! ' til-c --t th t a -C ' r 'in' .- julk i a. nrsy ei-,; uW, I-to-.ne,. now h -i ":V I hea ': - 1" 't -a' , til' en o o sawe ,t ail ~1: n i". b,, o[ -you.' T -he n' '-?tt-?a se, h , e - n,. \- . own house : ad rib t ,,, a,....-. \- ed at ?- re -r -ll e the. skill,"iio , " ; "Matty,?had., n ita y o ,j rh lum--u,,,e:la:l 1t1,T . it . 1'.b .. ..,a ? C - d mained the sita e, .., t. ,i:r -:.,,h: --eloar had )f re-entered - th Shipi i,: l :: rr.esponded so,closely to the e time .that Ien. a b ' b a: loccupied; by? an ordinary 6 w:alkers:whon."h:adi;c,? iteeles' . at, nine . that it needed, not e the corroboration of the ppstmistress at.Greystone to ] tdonvurc,:th bench tlTreloar hadabeenthe last man gown hooru:knowne: to, have.,been, in the murdered man's Sir :MQhe. evidence - of, the .surgeon went far-to establish e the fact oithe death having taken place about a . couple e:Mattyof hadours beorer cwas called in-to exam? e the.corpse. Death was the a, r t o a bullet- wund and,ioarhad.been f r uestioeredl.as to whi ,ther the wound could have t tdeclmared that it could. not. Mr Quibbel had by n ordinegarded Sthe is;vieorrboration the matter as his:strssaongresttpoint inne the e defence. of his~, client, and.strove hard tohe last manhe a medical testimonyto h contrary, but in vain. And t ,eTlhen evidtenee ssurgeon received the welc farto establishu may 1the faect oingf the death having taken place about ahe couplrte and Sbeaof sbhours beout of his corrugatlled in tforehead and his brainpse. a MrDeathSwoop wasthe resucalledt of and deposeund andthat upon Questg searchigtheroomned as to whether Ship Inn ocupied couldthe nightave before byinflictadbythe deceasedr who had goitness emphatically, he d found a redvolvrthat it could been but recently dischhad regarged rhathis.vit was a simiarweapon which hadistrongestpoincted the death a wmedical testimonyeele there couldntrary, be no doubt, the sizevain. And tof the buwlentexactly corresponding with the bore of the I weapon dfound in Captawkins sprang a mine upon tk.e unsus eT he re was nothing more to be said. The casend againsted Treloar was black indeed. The magistrates went ea through the ouality of a few minutes' consultation and his brain Sthen committed Thomwas Treloar for trial forsed the wilfulpon , murder.chngof Holdfast Sthe Ship Inn occupithe news reached befGrcystone House tbyCatapCaptain Treloard gone to Bristol, he I found asslghtly shaken. Had he in buta momrecently of exaspera-rged. Thatit was ie fatal shot n He had mortgaginflited his property to Holdfast MrSteele- thereough no mortgage deeno doubt, the size Sof thaverred, of.obulletainingctly corertain papers and deferringe of the re 1 pyoent of the loaptain for a short's truimenk. They had quarelled, there was -nothe evidencng more of the said The cahousekeeper to agprove that; Treloar was a passionatedeed. The magisn, therates wenas : unfortunagh ttely formality of a few minutes' consultation ant y more li-ely than that Steele had. When the news reached SGreyston he had wronged scores of other men and cwommitted, and that forwas a pasecond the fierce iMabempulse to avenge him-er lover v stiolf an ired ther victims had deprived himortgaged his property reason and tod reasoned efast Steeleand though to Mrs Austin theed could mmis d sfound- of a violent crime by Captais soon Treloar seem had landed so s the office of her uncle forup the purposvidenc, as Captain Shoal p Shoal said, "quite loan fore a judge," the demone.of doubtThey had q found entrance into the evidences of those hosekeeper acquain-to mor tnce likely than him had only been so recent that notwith-me : realy lseemed gooad grounds fscor questioning their prudwomence in the mat foter. a seonesd the fierce impulse verstoutly avenge hima h s tained that his frime by Captain Treloar s. teemed soin \- - -, , . - 111- - capable'of' anythin'g savouring of crime or dishonour ,.that he lost,all patience with magistrates, witnesses, police, and prosecutor; and from the day on which he. had communicated the result of the preliminary investi gation to the inmates of Greystone House the Austins saw him no more. That they should doubt poor Tom was gall and bitterness to the faithful old salt. " Well, well," he would often say mournfully, " I've always thought that if once a woman loved a man she'd go through fire and water for him-believe in him against all the world ; but Tom's lass isn't one of the right sort. Perhaps it's the money-dollars do make a difference." And then he.would recall the scene of Treloar's shipwreck, and dwell upon the fact of Mabel's devotion to his boy, as he was wont to fondly term the youthful captain. It was a puzzle to the simple-minded mariner that Treloar should have an enemy; and yet that he had an enemy both desperate and deep was only too apparent. Daring and cunning must this secret foe be, or never could he. have availed himself of the circumstances that had come" to his knowledge so as to point the finger of suspicion' at his victim and involve him in the terrible meshes of the law.. What to do the worthy skipper could not tell, but he determined to spend his last dollar in obtaining such legal assistance as should satisfy poor Treloar that every effort had been made to save him. With this resolve he called upon Mr Quibbel, and after assuring the "shark" that money was nothing to him, John Shoal, and that if his friend Treloar was taken from him.he .didn't care what became of himself, much less the trifle :that-lie had by him, he begged the lawyer to tell him candidly what he thought of the chances of the trial..Mr 'Quibbel looked graver than usual, and observed that it :was about as desperate a case as had ever been entrusted to him-the finding of the revolver in Treloar's: sea chest was damning evidence against.him.; " But Tom solemnly declares that lhe;had no .revolver with him wheni he came to 'the '.Ship .. .The only one he had he left in his.berth'in the Gull.".. S "Humph !". said Mr Quibbel.. "?Ifj;we could prove ,that it would make things a.little, better. Do ,you.,know anything of Treloar's.habits?, Was he ,as most sailors are, ,fond of the lasses ?" . John Shoal fell into a brown.. study, and tried to 'recall all the incidents in his friend'slife with which lasses good or bad- had been connected, but: ith,ti e 'exception of his romantic introductioni toa.,anc ,brief courtship of; Mabel Austin' he could not gall, to mind anything that could throw the least glimmerzof light opn the mystery or tend to dispel the ,gloom. that . sur rounded the.poor prisoner.. "You say, Captain Shoal, that'money,is no object tto you--that you are prepared to expend your hardearin ings in any way that can help your friend ?". I ,r: That's it," replied honest John. ; > . "Well, then, the course I will adopt will .be mnade \- 'all the easier by judicious' expenditure. There is some .thiiig about the housekeeper that tells me we may find a loophole for escape from this threatened judicial sblunder. .Blunder it is or will be withouta doubt,.for .I s have had overwhelming proof that .Treloar is. neither murderer nor robber, and there has..been .both ..murder and robbery at Steele's." . , R ,Robbery l" exclaimed Shoal, ,D--- n them I Do they dare to say that Tom Treloar is a thief ?" r ".'. They do.not say that Treloar ;i t do say that documents bearin - : -. 11 ing him:liableto.Ste : . e "are not.t n tE ,.'::' . . . i,- ,_ :rc': t i ct,, siimu : . .. ': I 'i a'.di:. 1' 0 i us 'dit ' ltl'i fo r tE lut ? u..' . r; ... gr, t . :ted(. Uha iv'i'l:g :,-' 'l ,c f?-' :.de ..,e in h . .Hl hl iste , h ae c?u c li, . to d . "d oh" C S ,t.al w .n.,t' ' .h .. W h. a e r migt tel . the iiomer s c " - _.-t.ii'red b t .o:. . s'?r i Ti ..la'' th at i?? th kh placed there by the unknown and deadly enemy who ve must. hae 'bees, prily to his movemets on the fatal n this.secret foe, Quibbl decided to shake t'. he evidence bwhich seemed so imp.egnable of , att . Dre.. She had, e it s true ansered all his questions with a apparent .y candour and simpli.ty a hat disarmed suspndon, buti still. there lingered in his mind a doubt if she had told e the Swhole truth. Sh had lsta ted that oshe walsed across e thand ofice and shut and locked the latter as directed bymight e bed her master If so, :er masterl, must fet have unTreloked and y inope inexplicabld the door ay given sadmittance ainst o-Capta sin s- Trloa d the devoastion of htrageously improbable that Mrused n intobbel felt he wasctivity. His thegnory of the murder was possiblicoty.n 'st There remaied by tned but twon oassever exptionan of Treloar the access n of th nmurderer:y reither Matty mad:not lockd the door, porlaed theroe by the unknown antered byd some otadlyer means.nemy who It interview James." ,priy to hirusty movessentger was the dispatalched .e toCstmasprocure thEe.: Bu battendance of Mr James Hto dges, andcover 1\. thisserethe pfoe, Quibb decided to shle the evidenceay :h ithemesseng, er returned allbr his questionsnging with him a flaxpparen e teawoenetrating gazShe hat somewhat disconcert alked acroshim. e rthe- ofassurficey, and smihut and locked tple door asant smile. Thed by t lr mastobeyed. Now, :James Hmastdges, I am going toked andsk d y opened the doorqueions, and givenall that I ttancet you to-Cap do is toain -1 arswer.them truthfully. oI uantu the truth, you under d Qubbelstand. For your timwas, safe introuble ignorin cming here I wh a possibily. t, pay you well; remained fact, bettwoer expthanati you were ever paid; :r -but if I detect you hadn falsehood or deceit in any way, Imeans. i- wll not givthe youerrapenny. Is thought a bargain "e mst y i'Iterview James." Ayouthe truth as far as I knows it," said e istoutly, " the atten is if i don't hurt myself," hes, added io vith Essexsnger retuwdned ss.bringig with him a flaxen 1 headed, blue-eyedlsmiled," upoN whose face thIpromise lawyer fixedthat :- nothi'apenetratng gazwill be asked to tell will hudiscocert yourselfd; andhim. ,d what is more intyou my roombe able to tell usad," said omething thatQuibbel o willad obeyed. "Now, James Hodges, I am going to askbegin s Wyhatsort ofa mistronss did you find Mat you to do is to lt "answerh, shem truas. right want the truth, you under stand. For youlikedr time and trouble i" coming here I will -pay you well; in fact, better than you were ever paidt." d butif I detect you i falsehood or deceit in anyfourite way, ith Jwi not mgivenned. " There's thatone sailor chapshe thinks? \- her." n . " Ohutly, thatis it, is if it don't He was pretty often there .d -at Mr QuibbSteele' smiled, No, Jim, I promise you tha" notin- g" Yes, he wbe as there pretty often when his ship wasnd 1-what is mport. The week aforbe lr Steele was somkied he was e sathere anmosthever from being rt. Now to beginnight." :e "'Was he thers like the nigt of the murder " said Mrwith i.the butchers, andbakers, soing forward and looking Jim lorsodges \- .n.through.ind through" as the lad expressed it, "Well-no-he wasn't there exactly at night. He went away afore dark." " How? That is which way did he go ? Through ' the office ?" Jim grinned, screwed up his blue eyes, and shook his head in a knowing manner. " Not he; he went out same way as he come in, by door into Port-street." " Then he had the entrance of the premises when ever he chose ?" " Matty used to sign to him when he could come in. You see, sir, the kitchen window's over the . yard." "And the yard door leads into Port-street. Exactly. There was nothing to prevent this sweet heart of Matty's from entering the yard after dark. Now, Jim, tell me what sort of a man this sweetheart was ? Tall or short? Dark or fair ?" " Dark, sir-black hair and eyes-and taller than you, sir..;.I believe he's a Freenchmano.r; a Geroran, aora. furriner f.some sort." "" His name-Did you ever.hear his name ?" ' ! "Well,.sir, I. didn't. You see, sir,; Matty -used to let him iii at the back door at the foot of the 'stairs and.: he'd-.be in=.thelkitchenkvith'lief, and sMr Steele'never'a? bit the wiser. My old master never came into the kitchen once while I was in his service. I wasn't there ".1 much myself. I was in the little room at the back of the office, right hand of the stairs." " And you saw him go away that afternoon, the: ,day. of, the murder ?" . , Jim reflected for. a: moment-; lHe ,went out at the back.door, and. Matty shut it., I suppose he went away, leastways I.didn't see. him; when I went home.,: .I weVt home about eight.". . "Oh I Then ,you were,. not there when IVirStele ordered' Matty to. send. you for a policeman." .!ii " No,'",said Jim; with another grin,'. Mr, Steele was bouncingi; he knowed I wasn't there.l , Mr? Quibbel, felt that light. was breaking through the gloom, and.d.that, with the information,,he hadex _tracted from Jim Hodges,. he could set a skilful detective to: work with ýsonie,chances, ofsuccess. ,.. ,, ' Weary w?eek after we~k passed. away until that of the assizes arrived. ." . . , :Treloar,suffered all the torture that, a man, of; proud, sensitive· temperament, 'and, intensely;, ernergtic-, and rqsolute, character, naturally feels,:when .tlhe,.inger, of suspicion is pointed at. him, and,grim prison walls com- i pel inactivity and shut out lhope., rMr Quibbel's inter views with him from time, to time; weretlhe, only1 ipcl dlents that roused him, from the lethargy of indifference or the indignant apathy that had taken possession, of him, IMen ,of Treloar' stamp, can ,do more than any?, other; men,, but endurance is nottheir; forte .To ,have double-shotted his guns and then laid hlis sbip alongside .a -Spaniard: or; Frenchman opf twice th'ae numbner, ofliis men and double .the. weight, of lis metalt ,andtohavei fought until " the flag sank with the ?lot-shattprpd wreck " would have been but a fitting, clos? to or .an ordinary in.ident in:his career./:, B,'t to. li?ttere;in gaol \--only to stretch his limbs ewalled enclgsure, only to look :rough, prisphntars; and n-1'- returned to deeper Sas . maddening. ical. health. His .er,;and!his black n . .. d contrasted :ed cheeks..A his throat and e mopotonous lie befoire this ed grimly at :, · , -.:· .. .. .. . :.... . . iot r 4,po ral S: resisjibl y" rdian, bu , erty-had ',:: ' .ened- to i- ...: ':e skill t.". i . .n..na't u re W if h wh n: I. t ,: .an- :; .,ad ..l thralled iim;- for va,,: e .., ,; acrificed fortune, fame,r even life i: 'i. -'wi'ted, the first breath of suspicion to: alienate !hw, "and had :never by word or. deed, exp?ressed the .faintest sympathy with him, or the slightestfaith6jo.ii?.n I He thought of the illfated Major Andrb young) handd some, accomplished,,, clever;, brave, deprived by tiese same tyrant circumstances of his love and th'in of his life; and he asked himself with blitter, scor&vliaw; availed it that the whole British army w. ent into mopurping, for hlim, that men spokeol f ,im,, as, one of the bravestgand most unfortunate ofEngland's heroes. ,.Then.he,recalled the incidents of AndrZ's,death -howheha.j dressed with scrupulous care and w?alked calmly to,-, the place', of execution, adjusted tlhe fatal:noose,, and .called uppn the spectatdrs to witness that liedied like a, brave man.: The recollection roused Treloar,' Yes, hlie, thought, " If I am to die, I will at least die like Andri a brave man's death, even thouigh like him I' die an innocent man."' The day of trial came at last anrid Treiloar, pale, thin, with hot eyeballsa:, a ;nd r vim?in?g'eiad, stpobd at the bar and faced the judge, the Cr'o?ii Prosecutor, and ,an eager thlirong of spectators: Mr 'Quibbel' was,' there, nodded encouragingy to h'mi and then spoke to.a tall youthful-looking counsellor whose refined features and sallow face,were lit upby apair of wonderfu dark eyes, and wvhose sinile was singularly pleasing. Tjli ury took their seats, the usual ques'iipn was, ut; and ?eloarin ma clear, 'calm' ' oice pleaded "iiot guilty '' " The firt portion of the trial was,. of course, but a reetition.of the 'eviden&e.; 'gvei' 'at' the ek'aminatiboii and, ?5t' till Mr Ferrier began the cross-examinationof f Mbwty D'I'- tid Treloar rouse hiimiself frot i his se:mi' trancd nd tak'6 an, interest in the proceedings. .Then, irndeed, ihen the quiet tones of the great criminal lavryeri fell upon'the ears'of:the'hushed spectators, lh'e piassed ,iis had over his achiiigeyes and strove to co'ncentate. h?hs''attention upon the housekeeper's evidence.':'" " On the evening of the muraer df Hioldast Steele ait nine. o'clock you were simmnodd'y tg ly"r master's 'office by a violent ring of the bell ?"' "Yes, sir;" replied Matt?;. - V.-' ': :. . "When you answered the ring and enitered the office who did you see there ?' "Mr Steele and CaptainTreloar"."-': : "Captain Treloar left the office, did hei by tle 'fron't door-that is the door leading into the High-street ?' "Yes, sir." " And what did you do?" "I went across the office and shut the shutters and the door and locked it." "You are quite positive albout that-quitie certain that you shut the front door of the office and locked it ?" " Quite certain, sir." " Is there any other entrance to the office from High-street than the front door ?" "No, sir." "You entered the oflice from the room at the back?" " Yes, sir. The door at the back of the office opens into that room." "The front door being locked as you assert, no one could enter the office there unless admitted by someone inside ?" Matty looked uncomfortable. This view of the case was evidently new to her. "No, sir; but I was never in the office again until I went down to tell Mr Steele his supper was ready." ." Oh, no. Wed6 not suppose that you admitted. the murderer. Then the presumption is that the murderer entered the office by the back door. Now, Miss Drew, tell us if there.is any other entrance to the house than the front door in High-street." "Yes, sir. There is .the back door opening into the yard, and thete is a door in the yard wall that lets you into Port-street." ' "Yes, the jury will thoroughly understand you. There is a street called Port-street running at the back of the yard, and a door opens into"the'yard from Port street. Of course there is a back door to the house,and this back door opens on to the yard." The jury were eagerly attentive. They evidently expected a revelation. Mr Ferrier continued, " Now, Miss Drew, you have given your evidence hitherto in such a straightforward and commendable manner that I feel sure I shall be able to throw a little light upon the mystery. I am now going to ask you a most important question. Think well before you answer it, and remem ber that you are to tell the whole truth. Did you admit anyone to your master's hojise on the 24th December ?" Matty gave the barrister a startled look; then she gazed at the judge, the jury, the crowd of eager listeners, and after a pause of a minute uttered an almost inaudible "Yes." " Who was it you admitted ?" Mr Ferrier turned his face::from the witness and devoted his attention to a document on the: table. The Crown Prosecutor looked hard at Matty, whose comely face was suffused with the criiin6nm'of cotifusion or diffidence--the man of words was ;ptzzled 'to decide :which. Mr Ferrier waited some timb,-biit havingl concl?ded his scrutiny of the document turned again to Matty and asked in quiet yet penetrat "ing tones;"" Did you understand my last question ? Who was the person you admitted to the house of Mr Steele on Tuesday, the 24th day of December ?" S"A-friieid of mine-a sailor." "A friend ?" said Mr Ferrier. " Come, Miss Drew, I asked you for the whole truth. That is not quite the whole truth. This sailor that y.ou admitt.ed is an ad mirer; you are, his'swveetheart, a&e;you not ?': , ; The' liot iblood' `was risihing all:oveir Matay!s neck, face, and forehead as she uttered another half-indistinct r Yes." '".At what " hour: did ::yo0' part with. thi?:' iiautical friend of yours ?" "About four o'olock, sir.".. " Did you part with him at* the door of the house or at the door of the yard ?" "At the back door. ofhe-house." "Then he knew th' ddor?~of the yard was un locked ?" " S.'Yes';' we seldoni 'locled0 the-'yaid"'door, because .Wallace'was chained' thlfe 'liJ e . J:;t , " Did 'you hear' th'e ?iathdog bark during the evening or at nlighlt?) . " No, sir- he 6nl? rhow.ýe dreadfil Poor Matty's face paled at the recollection:' '" On.e more question, and then I will not detain you any longer. Was this sailor lover 'fl yours very often at Mr. Steele's.-so often that the' atchdog would not regard him as a stranger.?" . To Which Matty. replid-awith a'little' evideiit pride ini her'pdowers' of attraction- that lie was thdre, very often-;whenever his ship was in port,. ::: " Arid his name is-- ?" said 'Mr: Feirier, with a ;smile that:quite disarmed Matty of suspicion. " ."Juau Lopez," replied Matty. - S "Thank':you-that will do,"; said Mr Fdie?ier, and Matty, immensely relieved, stepped out of the witniess 'bdx." The address of Mr Ferrier in defence 'of Captain Treloar was one of the most remarkable 'forensic efforts on record, and it is a question whether he'l has-ever ex celled it in all his exceptionally brilliant career:. The facts that .the house and office of Holdfast Steele were accessible. from the rear, and tnat a foreign sailor had been on the premises during the afternoon of the day on0 which the murder was committed, the exceeding imL probab'ility thaiiTieloar had been admitted 'after having teen so inceremoniously disposed of by Steele, and other. points inf'the young seaman's favour were power fully di·iven home to the minds of the jury. The' worst fact, 'ihowever-that: .of the discharged revolver-re mained, but Mr Ferrier got over the dangerous ground with consummnate skill, and after hearing the lucid sum ming-up 'of the jndge, who seemed: to lay special em plhasis on the words " if you have any reasonable doubt orn thie" atter it is your duty to give the prisoner the benefit of .that doubt," :the jury retired. Treloar, who had listened to .the eloquent pleading of his counsel ;i?h'ar?ns idw of relief cliiat seemed to still the throbbing ot his temples and cool. his heated brain, felt the same ihtolerabl.l; hysicdit --..n 4, t when first arrested; as the minutes': dragged their ?ce . lenigth along until.an hour had been completed; and yet the jury 'did not return. What the mental torture 6f that hour was,'no one'but himself and. his Maker knew; and when thei: hands of the. clock still kept on their vway silentiy noting the eternal lapse of moments the tension became all but'instip'portable.. At length when another hialf li{or had 'been numbered with the dead. past the so'nd'?of trampling feet roused him once more,, and the jury re-entered their box. . , " How say you;:genrtlemen is the prisoet- Thomas 'Treloar guilty or not guilty ?"'. Thp foreman answers, Not gtilty, and then thli pentup exicteienhtof the `crovwd finds veht in exclama ns ad oiicomments, 'and on; the? part_ of 0onest old Citaii:Si?l 'ia ':loiud"':Htrrah, ". for?whici unse'ekill? xhibiti'o i"f 'siympatl?y le? vjiuld' no doubt have 'been' called,to account had the officials been able to get near 'lii. :Buti' nieiistldack" as 'surroiinded by a band of -gallanit Ors w1h0o hurried' him iout, of the court house and thrust,hini:int ot'h4:ea?ms of his" boy'." .The coidhlusiri: of :the trial "was' celebrated by 'Cigptain'Sho'al in acliaracteridtic manner. The vortlhy skipper 6rdered, sucl a di'iider to be prepared at thd Ship Iiiinn as aslut rarely plac'ed on the dining table 'of tlie 'dlub'-rodmin, a id then issued invitations to every nautial" frtind iii" the i port ofi Boulderston to mbeef 'Caitain TFeiiar and e6nigratulate him on his deliverance. Theyo~dalii and 'did. ample justice to the dishes and rather moie than justice to the liquors; and wlhen after ie prarioils" choruse?s "fo numerous sea-songs~, they departed' the 'old4alt fell lito :a:confidential mooda ?d 'iskded' Treload? 'ivhether he interided running up to ':. No,; inideed'l .ireplied Treloar, '"There must niot be a shaddow ofa ghost of a suspicion about me when I 'go to Greystone." I wis acquitted it's tiie, but the juty were along time coming to a conclusion, and look here -thse are the senitiments of one of the leaders of public opinion in this part." ' With which words he placed a copy of the prinpipal niewspaper in his friend"s hand and pointed to .pa'i graph ending thus-"But what a future is his! Wlihre d'ver he goes the shadow of a dreadful nurder will followv him." -'- Captain Shoal brought his harid down with a heavy th'rimp on the table and expressed in forcible language his :desire to make the ne~ivspaper fellow eat that issue of his journal; which, as the circulation was tolerably large; would iri his opinion be about adequate punish ment. 