Bob Martin's Little Girl. A NOVEL ; : By David Christie Mtzr&ay;, . { Author «f 'Joseph's Coat,' 'Aunt Rachel,' 'Bainbow; Gold,' &c; FAiii Eights Eebkbved.1 ' ' ' ' I CHAPTER XXIX.— CCoiraiNDEB,) . He tad read the eign of the -times aright, and by a double coup bad prepared' to him self to triple his already vast fortune. Her had bought everywhere an artificially in flated stock, buoying it still further up by his own huge transactions. He had already made arrangements to unload in small par cels an every bourse in Europe aitd. America, and when the fall came, accentuated like the rise by the magnitude of hie own ope rations, he had planned to watch it to its lowest, and repurchase. 'The device was as common daylight, and only the enormous turns involved in the transactions made it ?0 any way remarkable. 1 Had the shock which TobbecThim of his faculties befallen him in any other year of his business life, its nnaneial effects would have -touched -him but lightly. Falling now it meant ruin, simple and absolute. Mr. Jessamer was as yet the only man aware of this, and now that certainty had succeeded to fear he went calmly back to London, spent his evening in the usual fashion at the suburban dub he most fre quented, and went to bed at night with a quiet conscience. He htii saved a few. thousands, had Mr. Jessamer ; he was highly respected in the city, and would have but little difficulty in securing a posi tion whose emolument would at least be equal to that of the post he was about to Lose. John Hetheridge had gained no maa's liking, and the one man in the world to whom he had extended a partial confidence saw the majestic fabric which the cunning of a, life had reared crumble into nothing without a sigh for the architect. It is certain that Mr. Jessamer grieved a little, but he grieved for the edifice, and mighty little for the builder of it Long- before Hetheridge had recovered consciousness Mrs. Redwood and Ellice were on their way to Wellsted, Arrived there, they sought an interview with Mon eieur Bom, and added one more certainty to his list. The meeting was intensely painful to all concerned, but the two women had already experienced the first horror ef the discovery, and by dint of great effort they passed through the ordeal with a semblance of composure. It was arranged that Monsieur Dom should com municate the last discovery to George, and should insist on his immediate return to England to decide the course to be adopted. George came post haste, but Ellice was purposely kept in ignorance of his return. He and his mother met at Bom's house, in the room in which the lover had received his first hint of the bar which existed be tween his sweetheart and himself. The stain of the wine was still visible on the carpet, and George and Dam exchanged meaning glances over it. 'Except for Miss Hetheridge,' said George, ' we three are the only people in the world who have the remotest guess about the truth of this matter.' He waff extremely pale and -worn, but in manner resolute — and even a little stern, his mother thought. Th« suffering of the last few months had aged -iim in appearance by & dozen years, and he took a tone of authority. ' I have never seen from ihe first,' he continued, ' more than one pos sibility. The villain has gone free all these years, and, so fax as we are concerned, he must go free etill. Any one of us would have suffered anything gladly if tlfe trnth could kave been hidden from Miss Hether idge. Unfortunately she knows it now, but we cannot inflict upon her the stigma of her father'scrime.Formyownpartlleavehimin the hands of God. He is near his end, and may never rise from his bed. He is bank rupt, and serious charges of fraud are hanging over him.' 'Bankrupt? Fraud 1' Ms mother and Dom echoed together. ' Yes,' he affirmed, ' the news was in last evening's paper. I heard it disccssed in the railway carriage as I came here.' ' We undertake a grave responsibility,1* said Bom, ' in allowing this man to go un denouncrnL. I. have myself acquainted with the law, and it iB right that we should all understand that we axe answerable.' ' I understand that fully,' George re sponded, 'but what good end shall we eerve by the publication of the truth. The man is ruined and dying. The knowledge of his crime has broken his daughter's heart already. Is it for us to strike a still heavier blow against her P' ' Not for me, Geoige,' the widow answered. ' It is for you to decide,' Baid Dom, ?' and for me to obey your decision. You decide on silence ?' \ ' I decide on silence,' George replied, ' You are right, George,' said the widow, ' let us leave him in the hands of G0d.' _. _;_,____„._ Th« newB that the great house known as Hetheridge and Company had stopped payment was by this time everywhere, and in Wellsted, where everybody knew the bankrupt by reputation, the excitement awakened by the intelligence was as great as ia financial circles in London. His daughter's life long residence in the town had made the millionaire a property of Wellsted, as it -were, and everybody felt more or less interested in his money. The news went through the place like wildfire, but quite naturally the Reverend Jordan Farrell's household was the last it arrived at. The reverend gentleman heard the news at Weybridge Hall, and, at once felt it to be his duty to break it to his guest. Since her return. Ellice had been -almost a prisoner in her bedroom. The knowledge which had been forced, upon hear had so wounded her that she felt incapable of association with the world. A. touch of the tendered hand, the sound of the most familiar voice brought hex an almost in tolerable pain. ? . ...:;?? [ The day had already faded Into evening, when « knock sounded at her bedroom, door, and her naid entered bearing Mr.. Farrell's compliments and his particular request that sh© would Bee Mm for a few minutes on 0. matter of most .urgent im portance. She dismissed the girl with a promise to descend, but lingered for a little time before she could overcome her own repugnance. ' 'WhenTshe-Iobeyed^tfie sum mons she found the clergyman in his study Walking -with a somewhat embarrassed air up and down before the fire. ' My dear young lady,' he began, taking her by both hands. ' I am the bearer of unwelcome news, and it wounds me to deliver it Pray be seated.' .. He' felt .this to be a clumsy and. abrupt beginning, and his conscientiousness made him still more mal adroit. 'Your youth,' he .said, .** has, enjoyed many advantages. I r have thought eome , times that those advantages might be minimised by the temptations they carry with them 5 but I am happy that you have remained unspoiled by that— ere — plethora of worldly goods which has— ere — attended upon ' your ' path . through life.' ' If you have ill news/ Mr. Farrell,' said Ellice, ' pray tell me at once;' ' I trust,' said the Rev. Jordan Farreil, 'that -you will be able to receive it with Christian fortitude. I trust that the maxims with which I have so long labored to impregnate your mind may be of service to you.' j. 'Pray let me ..know your news, Mr. Farreil,' she interrupted again. '?? ' 1 am coming to it,' returned the clergy man. *? Happiness, my dear young lady, is not only found in association with, great -wealth. Even the poor enjoy it — ere — occasionally. I have myself lived a life of labor. My emoluments have at no time been extravagant, and yet I have felt con solation in the midst of a career which has not been in a financial sense too prosperous, in the temptation of duties performed with ardor.' ' Pray let me know your news, Mr. Far reil,' she besought him anew. She sat in an inward agony of terror and awaited the accusation which she believed was coming. ' Tall me at once. I can bear anything now but suspense.' 'Your father's circumstaaces/' pursued Farreil, who had been tortuous and poly syllabic all his life,' were such as to justify the natural conclusion that you would always be liberally provided for without any necessity for the exercise of those facilities of self abnegation which axe necessary in amassing a great pecuniary fortune — your father's circumstances, 1 say, were such as to inspire you with a natural belief that you would always continue to enjoy those advantages of wealth and worldly position by which you have been surrounded ever since the charge of your education first devolved upon me. This, I regret to inform you, my dear young lady, is not so. Your father's illness, and the prolonged absence from business whicb ' it has necessitated, have had a moBt un* fortunate and most unforeseen result. His affairs, I regret to say, are hopelessly in' volved. The house of John Hetheridge and Company has suspended payment.' 'Is that all?' she cried, rising, and standing with clasped hands before him. She had feared something so much worse than the loss of fortune that the mere news of business ruin was a relief to her. *t That is all,' he answered, « but it is enough. I am sorry to add that the failure is complete and total. I gather from Mr. Weybridge, who has returned from town to-day, that the deficit may justly be {described as enormous. It ia anticipated that the balance of claims, in excess of -assets, will reach £2,000,000.' She resumed her seat, eo plainly relieved that her demeanor filled, the reverend gen tleman with astonishment. 'That means, Mr. Farreil,' she asked, ' that I shall have to be dependent upon my own exertions I' ' JN o, my dear young lady, he responded. ' It does not mean that, whilst I can offer you the shelter of my roof. I have not dared, hitherto, Miss Hetheridge, to testify to you, openly,, the esteem and affection with which you are regarded in my house hold. . I could not even seem to seek a friend in the mammon of unrighteousness, but I can tell you now, my dear — : — ' He stooped awkwardly to caress her, with a bony and ungentle hand, and his formal voice shook a little as he spoke. ' Your grace, and beauty, and goodness have made our home happy to Mrs. Farreil and myself, and to our children for many years. We have learned, my dear, to love you and to esteem you.' He began to cry outright, and Ellice for the first time eince childhood threw her arms about him, and laid her head upon his breast. The poor man did nothing gracefully, and even in the pathos of the situation an onlooker could not have failed to find something grotesque and perhaps, laughable. ' There is always a home for you here, my dear,' he concluded, disengaging himself. ' Al ways. a house for you here.' . « Thank you,' she , cried with all her heart. ' Thank you a thousand times, Mr. Farreil, -but I shall never be a burden to my friends.' ; He strove to persuade her, but he strove in vain. ? Since she had known the truth, the one desire of her bouI had been to rid herself of every gift which, had come to her .from her father's guilty hands, and here was the way to' her wish made clear, as if by an act of Providence. She would have parted instantly with everything had she been, -able to find an excuse for doing so apart from the secret which corroded all her thoughts. Whilst this scene was enacting, George Redwood, unseen, was prowling about;vEhe house, and staking a silemt farewell of Ellice. - As he stood there looking, his last at the little window where he had so'.often watched her candle' burning, gust after gust of hate and rage passed through him, and shook him to the centre. He would have given anything he had, or could now hope for, to square accounts with the man who had . murdered his father, . and whose crime bad left his life a wreck. . ' Good bye,' he murmured, brokenly. * ' Good bye j for good and alL' ' He' could forego anything -vand every thing rather than, let a further,fiiarm?befall that sore- wounded heart. The ' young aad ardent feel thus at times, thank . heaven, and^ie would rather have perished thai wantonly kave hurt onehair of. that sacred &ead.;':: . ' ? ? , |. ' (jVOH^PTJER;XX.-- ? - i ':*^f-* M 0& and shattered aiA-xtdapV1 ? /WhenBedwood had received the letter itt which Dem informed him of his mother's knowledge -jf the truth, he had at once hastened to Hs employers to ask for leave of absence. ^The permit was given, all the more readily Bince the firm. iadneed of his services in their .London establishment. He was bidden, so eoou as ihe urgent private affairs which took him away should be arranged, to enter upon ah employment which would cost-him- eome -'two months of-, time. He went to his work sick,at heart, ; but resolute. Life was savorless, flavor- ? less, without color. He did his duty doggedly, in spite of aU^and, in the mean time, an event was preparing which set him in a position perhaps unique in the history of mankind — a position sojterrible and strange, that whilst it lasted it .made the- sorrows he had already* endured' seem trivial in comparison. To the amazement of everybody about him, ' Hetheridge began - to mend again. - Mind and nerve were alike so blunted that the shock of actuaLdiscovery and denuncia tion came upon liim with infinitely less effect than might have -been predicted. . He had swooned in Mr. Redwood's grasp, and had lain long unconscious, but on his return to a knowledge of the thing, around Lorn, his medical men ? discovered - to their sur prise that there had been no second .para latic seizure. He was shaken and weakened, and it might be that his; re- covery was indefinitely retarded, but- the symptoms to be most, dreaded were but little aggravated. Sir William Keppell gave it as his opinion that , his patient's fall upon the lawn was due to vertigo in duced by over exertion, and the suburban practitioner respectfully' followed in his train. Hetheridge' s mind during the weeks that followed afforis a curious study. He re membered everything tbat had passed, and from hour to hour and from day to day he expected the open denunciation of his crime, but how it had come about that he had been recognised after all that lapse of years he did not guess. He had been washed and dressed day by day by his at tendants, and had s not seen -his own image in a glass from the moment when. that damning likeness to his old disguise had begun to steal upon bin?. Had he been in full , possession of his facul ties, his instinct of caution ' would have taught him better than to permit himself to return to the similitude of the false Andre Dom, who had murdered Ellice Red wood's husband. But his thoughts' were all clouded and undefined. They had no distinct and definite . boundary, and they melted, as it were, one into, the otlier, changing confusedly, so that whilst he peered dimly at one idea, he .would find himself suddenly confronted with another which in no way resembled it, and per plexed him with the strangeness of its aspect. In a sense, this mental condition yras favorable to recovery, for it robbed all ?his sensations of i-lw?T paignancy, and gave his shattered nerves repose. Nothing seemed to matter very much to him. The worst had happened already. The un seen image which had so long haunted Mm had at last declared itaelf , and in that instant he had tasted the pains of hell. All the punishment his undetected crime had brought tiimf the slow years of unrepentant dread, the remorselesB accusa tion of the ghost that tracked kim, had seemed as if gathered into one appalling and overwhelming avalanche of agony. There are things for the expression of which the human vocabulary ie inade quate, and the extremest words after all express no more than averages. The stupendous force of the blow which struck him, the earthquake rending of the soul with fear in that swift point of time in which it fell, the hideous and in stantaneous rout of every vital farce within him — all these things are properly inde scribable. They ere outside the realm and sway of words, and even 'the imagination conceives tbem feebly. He learned by-and-bye in^a dim unin terested way that lie was rubied. - That mattered^as little : as : anything and every thing else to him. The visits of Sir William Keppell ceased without , explana tion on the side of that expensive ' physi cian, or curiosity of Hetheridge's. When, after a space of five weeks, the walks about th« lawn were resumed, he found that two of. his servants had discharged themselves and. had taken flight in search : of an . unbroken master. Jessamer came to see him and had an interview in which he s&i; forth the irremediable character of the crash. Hetheridge heard , and understood, and accepted the . nnii erat-n !' d f n g with . an indifference which looked astounded to anyone who had not the key to his min«3. Alibis books and papers -were in. the hands of a firm ox accountants, and his' creditors were awaiting their report and the sick man's recovery. The: failure had carried widespread ruin .with it, and a dozen firms had gone down. like so many houses of cards. Jessamer was full of it all, and it possessed Trim with a sense of importance and personal merit which he had never felt before. There -had been no each panic ia the financial world of London for the past live years, and Jessamer enjoyed all the dignity pertaining to it, and experienced none of the -attendant. pains and penalties. He revelled in a sort of awe-struck exalta tion, and savored .his own importance with a relishing nostril. His employer's indiff erence had, to Jefiaamer'stmiud, something almost impious in . it. He, seemed careless of his own dignity. To be the suprcmeat bankrupt of that -decade ' and to have no pride in it. ? ^ ? ' _^_ ? One or two -local* tra3esmen'hadhurried freely in with. petty claims, which were not even flea- bites when compared with what remained of the gigantic figure they assailed. They cued in the Ciounty ?Court, and conjoined together, 'to put a man in possession, 'but Jessamer . dismissed him with his claim, and with a scorn so lordly that the jinan shrank a way abashed.- JeBsa xner visited these presumptuous tradesfolk andvxebuked them to his own great enjoys ment. Did these yokel intelligences pre sume to imagine, he demanded, that a man, a man -who had failed for two millions sterling, was to be harried by 'their like. He had never cared for Hetheridge the man, but he had. esteemed Hetheridge the finaneietralwaya &-w,4&£he grandeur of his fall .he would, had Ms employer' shown a proper spirit, -have revered him like an emperor. . ' (to be cokiiniiedO 