NEWS OF THE CHURCHES. EPISCOPAL VISITATION. The flight llov. Dr. uoo, Bishop ot Molbonrno, and Mrs. Goo, accompanied by the Bov. A. J. Drowott, lncunibont of tho parish, and Mrs. Drowolt, arrived at Tallangatta on Monday aftornoon. Tho party wore made tho guests of Mr. and Mrs. W. Gyring. His Lordship hold a Confirmation service in tho evening. Tho church, which had been very prettily de corated, was crowded some timo before tho service began. Eight persons pre sented themselves to receive the sacrament, sevon young ladies and a man about “0 years of age. The Bishop addressed the postulants at somo length upon tho naturo of tho sacred rite they were about to participate in, taking as a text the words from Exodus xii., 26—“ What mean ye by this service ? ” Ho explained in a lucid manner the meaning of the imposition of hands (for which there was apostolic precedent) and other features of tho ceremony of confirmation, tho re cipients of which sacramont received the gifts of tho Hoty Spirit. Tho sacramont having been administered in an im pressive manner, tho Bishop again ad dressed tho confirmees. Ho alluded to the thoughtlessness of somo persons who put to those who had been confirmed tho foolish question, “ How do you feel now?” Ho wont on to say that, although in some cases tho fruits of tho Holy Ghost wore immediately perceptible, tho operation of His grace was likened to tho operations of nature. As a seed sown in tho ground germinated, sprouted and gradually ripened, so tho graoo . of God wont on by degrees. Ho instanced several signs by which they might know they woro the temples of tho Holy Spirit. By naturo nobody'liked praying, but when the Holy Ghost comes into our hearts and changes us, then wo love to do these things. That was a siiro sign of tho descent of the Holy Spirit upon us. And tho love of prayer in private would extend to public praj’ing. Ho remarked that a good many people wont to church only on some special occasion, or to hoar some celebrated preachor. That spirit of church-going was an empty one. Iiathor should tlioy say, “I am going to church to worship God.” That was tho noblest, tho grandest and best reason for going to church. And when they found that they loved going to church moro and more, they might feel assurod that it was because the Holy Spirit gave them that feeling of grace. If they learnt to love their biblos, that was another mark of divino grace. Confirmation, too, was tho gate to communion in tho Church of England. Communion was tho badge and token of a Christian man’s profession. That sacred rite told more than any other servico tho love of Christ in dying for man. The Holy Feast was instituted by Christ himself, who had said. “ Do this in re membrance of mo.” Participation in the Holy Communion would bettor ouablo them to fight the good fight with all their might. His Lordship was ploased to see so many grown-up persons prosent, and he sincerely trusted that tho elders would help tho young peoplo in their Christian course, both by example and precept. Wo woro all more or less influenced by Earsons older than ourselves, and he oped the young people growing-up would have in their elders good exemplars in commemorating tho love of Christ. The episcopal benediction brought tho service to a close. Tho Bishop aud party started on Tues day morning for the Uppor Murray. A Confirmation servico wns hold in tho Corryong church yesterday afternoon, and last night a tea and public meeting took place in tho Athemoum-lmll. A roport of the proceedings will appear next week. The return journey to Tallangatta will bo accomplished to-day. This evening a tea mooting will bo held in tho Athomeum ball, after which a concert will take place. In addition to the musical portion of tho entertainment, in which a number of ladies and gontlomon of well-known ability will take part, addresses will bo delivered by tho Bishop aud other clergymen. The programme of tho concort to he held to-night at Tallangatta appears in our advertising columns. Tho bill of faro is a capital one, and should ensuro a bumper house. Among tho performers is Mrs. Wyuuo-Morgan (wife of Mr. Ernest Wynne-Morgan, resident dentist of Albury), who is well known in Melbourne musical circles as a finished singer. This lady has takon leading parts in several cathedral choirs, and her name should of itself make the programme a drawing one, and ns tho other porfonnors are amateurs of well-known ability, we have no doubt tho ontevtainment will be an artistic and financial success. “Weel, John, how are you to-day?” said a Scotch minister to one of his parishioners on meeting him on tho road. “ Goy. weel, sir ; gey weel,” responded John, cautiously, “gin it wasua for the rheumatism in my riclit leg.” “ Ah, weel, John, he thankful, for there is no mistake you are getting old liko tho rest of us, and old age, yotr know, doesn’t come alone.” “ Auld ago, sir,” returned John, “I won’er to hear ye ! Auld age has naothing to do wi’t. Here’s my ither leg jist as auld, an’ it’s quite sound and sooplo yet.” Speaking at tho Church Congress, at Manchester, tho Eight llev. James Moor house, D.D., Bishop of Manchester, and formerly Bishop of Melbourne, assorted that tho State-schools in Australia had proved themselves powerless to diminish crime. The best educated criminals were among the worst. It was hopeless to expect that tho schoolmaster would teach religion before or after school hours. A bastard Liberalism had excluded the Lord’s Name from the school books of Victoria, and the Bishop expressed his delight at tho report which had reached him that tho Victorian Assembly was about to restore tho namo of Christ to tho school books. A meeting of the Eoman Catholics of Tallangatta was held after Mass on Sunday last, to consider the question of building a church, which work tho new pastor. Father Carr, is anxious to soo commenced as early as possible. A committco was appointed to inspoct tho two sites under consideration—that botween tho State school and tho Shiro-offico, and ono in Martin’s Lane under offor by Mr. Dyring. The committoo inspected tho respective sitos in the afternoon, and will bring up a report thereon at a meeting to bo held on 13th November. Wo understand that plans aro already prepared for a brick edifico, and, as there is a considorablo sum of money to tho credit of the building fund, tho selection of a site is tho only drawback to tho commencement of operations in the matter of “bricks and mortar.” The' following - are tho Presbyterian appointments for next Sunday : — Thougla, 11; Corryong, 3; Cudgowa, 7. —Bev. J. G. Millar. Bethanga, 11 a.m. and 6.30 p m.; Talgarno, 3 p.m.—Rev. J. A. Taylor. Wesleyan services will bo held on Sunday as follow :—Granya, II ; Tallan gattn, 7.30.—Eev. Phillips. Tallandoon, 11; Eskdale, 3; Mitta Mitta, 7.—Eev. J. Coulthwaite. Church of England appointments for next Sunday.—Tallangatta, 11 and 7; Tallangatta Valley, 3.—Mr. W. Jossop. 