^ A TRAVELLINO^MMN 1 GALEB BUCKLE, as lie wA in his j eminently respectable Club, wak in* 1= Tery bail temper indeed. ^ certainly annoying, and iVen a more pstienb temperament; than Caleb's wouMbavebeenrufiled toino slight extent by thecircumstanees. For fifteen years.as j rtgularly » the procession oi the seasons, ^•dhebeehaccustomed to spend the stun- |:®ier months travelling .from tone pleasant ^^Continental retreat to another,, accompanied pby histriend, General Seaman, K* C. B., ; f .with whom his acquaintanceship dated from *heir Eton.days,andwith whom he was in 1 that condition «f thorough sympathy and , . aecord which is the only sure tie between | travelling companions. This year everything had promised for a trip of unusual | pleasantness, andior weeks Caleb had gloated i'ov-er the prospect, only at the last moment \- to receive a check in the shape of a letter from the General to say that the breaking out of an old. wound prevented his being able to stir for six months at least. ! Caleb's cup of disappointment and chagrin fairly brimmed over. What was he to do 2 He irould rather not ; travel alone, and it WAS now July, and the season was too far advanced for him to look for a travelling companion. Everyone he knew had already either left London or was P&nt; of so doing. In another week town would be absolutely empty; and as this ghastly certainty impressed itself on his; mind he happened to glance out of the windpVj and surveyed the broad street with the pavement apparently as crowded as in the height of the Season. Perhaps others were in his own sad plight; maybe some of those very passers-by found themselves at the last moment bereft of valued travelling companions; doubtless—and an idea flashed across the tobacco-soothed brain of Mr. iS.uc.kIe, ^o very originality tof which caused mm to gasp.so that heswalloweda mouth- lul of smoke and indulged in a fitof coughing /which completely spoiled the peaceful doze ot the solitary waiter. ^•. Buckle's idea, however, was of too •terthng a nature to be acted upon at once : npr, indeed, did he find himself ible at once tp: consider it calmly and judiciously in all jte bearings. So he began to' think of some- ^ toingelse as bard.as he could. In bis case the ^something else'? resolved itself into a cpnsideration of a disquieting epistle that he had r^eived *|bat morning. Caleb, though a bachelor, stood in the somewhat anomalous position of guardian and trustee to bis only niece, a pretty girl of eighteen, wh6 had alwavslived with her mother's people. She was-the .daughter of Caleb's younger brothe^ a former. Colonel in a Cavalrv regimetat, who had:providedthat his daughter shottld be debarred from enjoying the fairly substantial ^rtune he was able to leave her should she marry before the age of twenty-one without fler uncle's consent. It was a provision of the wall which had never given Caleb the .uneasiness, but now here was his niece writing,to tell him that she was en gaged to be piarried to a young man of whom be had never heard, and that she counted upon ^^Whis consent ^ a^matter of course; Aow, Caleb was not only as selfish as men of his age and mode of life are apt to ibe, bat he was also conscientious. He Jelt that he cOuld nbt gfeant'his consent without careful inquiry into the young man's antecedents a?d.prospecfcs, and this he knew -would entail upon him a vast amount of bother and \- annoyanccih and, pbesibly, should neidieapprove of the tnateb, a vasfcdeal •• more.; ,/• ->.- . •'• : .. . .... . • • S ^ ^ ^ J f m ^ m -else" was Hob•-':» prefcfeant subject to dwell upon, and so he . returned to his " great i&ea;," which the more he thought about it seemed the more attractive and plausible. It ended in his JSP^./f l^'^^went by the hands of the Ulub Commissionaire to -the- office of •< The Times. . '... .. .... .... iThen. hewenthomeffco the idnll -little hbiise f«.Y^taes's; and neifc morning when . his nuddle-agedman-servanfc brought him,f as Swifts Vith hirftea and toast; Tie found only one paragraph which was to him of the slightest degree of interest. This ran as follow*; . . TANTBD. —A Gi-ntleWan (middle- ^aged^ of tastfefi. to accomf»ny . the advertise^ oaa three -months' Continental,tour,^^Anpfr personally or by letter to C B., 99^ »Tbuch^stj-eet, St. Jakes'*,>y, .. •. It was the evening^of, which __ "Wiumiui, a gOOdrlPOiKing, curty-headed jpoungg ter, who jvas passing thenight in town bir his Tvay to Aldershot in the morning, fouml himself the soleoccupawt *jf the billianl-room of the Junior Tatters. At first be was not unfavourably -impressed by hisunvronted loneliness. He waJB^ill of high spirits, satisfied with ; the world andhimselfj ar«ieng%edt6bemarried, to a^girl -whom he, «.f course, regarded as the loveliest and most ^harming of Mr sebt So brimful waShe of «lf-cong«itulation that^e must heeds begin to drink hisown health; and"*s he had ialre^y had a bottle of "extra sec'i witti his dinner, the consequence of this amusement wiustlnit in anrery short space .of time>fehe ipeecbae he ' made to himself were somewhat tbicSSy uttered and incoherently composed. ^He h^ the sense thcfugh'to know-tbatai^iadgbnefar ehough, and in the final desperation of loneliness he picked up a fiiormng pa^er from one of the louDges'and ; vainSy tried.tb read. ' He was^ abbut to throw^^^Hife paper dofrn and seek metsd more ^attcactive elsewhere, when a. paragraph-<caiight his eye and lid himgto read tt cao-efuBy? over.' "That'sh funhy!" be mormOtred. ^ <r Sfeems me 1 know the addresh, yetl don' know who . lives ibhere !" And 'heii-ead it over once more. Then a gleam of amusemeiit the ends Df tbefairmoustac^ an upward direction,-and Lieuten'ainrt>Sothei«b chuckled audibly.; vH e ~diuckledas - he drew put a dainty little note-book, and among & few betting hieroglyphics jq9ited carefimy down an .addresB which' he copied froln the newspaper. He- chucbleki as he Walked downstairs and indued himself with his bvercoat aud hat; and he c-ontinued chuckling as he directed the hall-jporter to call a hansom; into which with niiuch solemn deliberation he stepped, and st?.ll chuckled. The direction that, vr' th a regular explosion of good-humoured chucklings, Mr. Charles Sotheran gave the driver, led him no great /distance irom his starting point, for it was . in oneof the^ide'stniets 1 leading from St. James's-street westward that the cab drew up at the door of' a. small house of staid respectability. That the jssrindows were all dark and eVen the ghost of a glimmer wanting ih th'e hall, so far as couid be seen througfi thebld-faishiohed fanlight, was. a mattier of no Concern apparently to. (£ie fare, whoi with a like deliberation to ti*at with which'be'liadentered, emerged from the cab, and/sup^o^ting himself by the iron railings which guarded the porch on either side, began to hammer steadily and forcibly with the knocker at t&e; ' dmgy old door. He banged away on the defenceless door, playing popular- airs, as tliough he were a perfbi-mer in the; regimiental band ; till at last his£3orts were of ayaiL A first-floor window opened, and a very red . face, surmounted by a very White niglife-cap—for. night-caps arestill worn by elderly gentlemen ' in this year of grace 1892—was protruded therefrom. " Who are you, and what the something or other do you want growled the night-1 capped one. . " Are you-r-" replied Lieutenant Sotheran, with a sweet Smile, *'or rather are year initials ' C. ! B. t'" " My initials are'C. B.,' sir; but what the dickens is that to you ?" "Then in Heaven's name come down instantly ! My business does not admit of delay." And so ingistant was the visitor's tQOI Miftjt diMppcarijHUand snndry . . m thrbtigh 'th* empty house proclaimed the iacfc that the owner was making jhu s hasty ,way, do wnstairs. The opened, and Lieutenant -SothWan, "Who %its leaning agaiusfc it, lurchedforward somewhat precipitately into thehall-;.but.,he . TUMD tae recovered wan, gravely himself, , contemand, , inst the waU,gravely .-contem plaited th e somewhat remarkable .figure , presented/by ty Mr/Caleb Mr. Calieb Biickle, Biickle. whb, who, candle : •ih •iii handahd aitfcii'fed alfeifed ih a garment of enga»-iDg engaging tiravifv brevity, stood afnoil glowering wrathfully atliTm. -L. " So you are 'V. B. V" queried Charlie, sweetly. . "Iam, sir; and now what is the urgent tusirress * " And ybu inserted the advertisement for ft tinveUmgcompanion ih to-day's Times?" _ "I did, sir; "but you must he aware that this is no time to " " And you want someone to travel with you, do you,' C. B. ?'" went on his questioner, as though he had not heard the interruption. "I do, sir; but I should never dream, after this outrageous intrusion " " Well, I hope you'll have a pleasant trip *C. B. 3 1 thought I'd ceme round, late as it is, to tell you——" "To tell me -to tell me what, sir V fairly snorted poor Buckle, who was shivering with the .cold. " To tell you," drawled the other, " to tell you that I can't come ! " And in another instant he was in the cab dashing down the street, while Caleb Buckie danced in impotent rage on the doorstep. " Yes, it wasn't a bad joke for a dull Johnnie like me to play off," said Mr Charles Sotheran a year later to one of his fellowofficers. " But when 1 found out that the old duffer was my fianc&e;'s uncle, and when he recognised me and refused his consent to our marriage; and when I think that we have to wait two years before we can marry, why, I don't think it quite so fousingly funny as 1 did, don't you know 1 "—Vanity Fair. A NOVEL HEDGE. A GENTLEMAN on a walking tour through •Shropshire in the autumii of 1S90 gives the following account of a peculiar hedge or fence which lie came across :— "Strolling through the Carding Mill Valley, near Church Stretton, at the upper part of the valley, I found that a large piece of land has been reclaimed from the waste, and is cultivated ios a vegetable market garden. To protect the produce from the inroadB of the mountain sheep, this plot of land has a,: fence aroundit of such peculiar construction that it may be called unique. The south-end corner is composed of two enormous tins such as-one sees gingerbread in at country fairs, very battered "and full of holes/ Each tinJs.abcmt six feet in length and three feet in circuiuferejuce. These are flanked aright and ; left by an incredible number of einc buckets in every stage of dilapidation. Some have handles and bodies.and no .^bottom, others : have, the bariel merely, while in some only the handle or bottom is left. There are zinc buckets enough to load a waggon. .Further along the gardeh' an" old-fasliioned plough forms part of the fence. This is adorned with fragments of, old' iron hooping, tea-traysj meat-covers, old coffee-pots, and preserved meat tins, aided by more buckets. The upper ,part. of . this wondrous hedge-derives its defence .from • sticks, gorse, tarpaulin, parts of a chair, a dripping-pan, arid-bits of cheese-boxes. String is largely used, -from the. parti-coloured twine used to tie-up sugar to a piece of rope, suitable for a ship's cable. Where string runs short bits of clothing torn into strips are utilised* and>over all are -the zinc buckets Euad meat tins. Part ef this medley fence is .held up in .places by'broken rabbit wires, called iu to aid: the strings Another immense gingerbread tin is on the west 'side,propped up. with .gorse,- and bound with withies. The ubiquitous- zinc buckets form the first, line of defence, the advanced redoubt of this truly marvellous protection." HE "FAILED TO " CATCH ON." ANamusUig incident occurred in a Newark music store the ether clay. -A new and <y«ry rpretty ballad is entitled " Kiss Me." A very pretty girl having 'heard' of the song, and thinking she would get it with some .others, stepped into a music store to'm&ke; ! a purchase. Qne of- the clerks, a modest young .'man,-stepped hp-to wait on heri The young lady threw her veil back saying: "I want'Rock Me to Sleep.' " The clerk got the song and put -it. before her. • • ' Now," said the young lady, "I want f Wandering Refugee." Nofr, ' Ki^ Mte,'",saiid the young lady, meaning, of course, 'the song above mentioned. , " ' The poor clerk's eyes' almost popped fire aS^ie iooked dt tbe'yourig lady in' astonishment, fin* he was not aware bf the .fact that aisong by that name had bfeen wHtfcen. " Wh-hat did you say, miss "'Kiss Me,'" said she: "I can't do it, miss ; I never kissed a jr6iu^'-lady;ki'm^.liBeJ*' ^atd'tite clerjk.... ; About that tiirfeja Veil droppeda, young lady left in a hurty, the clerk felt sick, ; and. the prdprietor lost the sale of sothe biusic. HE GOULDN'T GET- HER CUSTOM. "IT'S funny," said ; th,e. young man who Bad just opened a 'grocery store in the neighbourhood, " that x -eaa't gcc ibao woman's custom. I've,gone out of my way to be pleasant to jher, and she won't even lobk in here any more." : " Wasn't she ever in here?" asked the "customer. Once," replied theyoung man, "and I treated her the best I k^ew how. She had her littte boy with.her, ancl he was tickled to death with the tittle white mouse I have inthecage on-the-front counter." "And she?" , " Oh, she liked it, too; She said it was a pretty little thing, and seemed, to enjoy his pleasure in watching its autics. So I just thought I'd clinch matters, and I took it out Of the cage and put it on the floor. It's tame, you know. And the boy was perfectly delighted." . " And the mother ?" •. " She said it was one of the^cutest things she ever saw, but she'sat right down on a stool and polled her dress close about the ankles, and pretty soon she had got hold of the boy, and backed out of the door with him. , She said she was ever so much obliged to me, but she looked sort of pale, and hasn't been in here since. Funny, isn't it, when I tried to be so nice to"her ?" - THE M AN WOSlEN ADMIRE. WE admire the man'' who believes we know more about housekeeping than he does. ' We admire the man who will be kind to a girl's grandmother when the girl is not at home. We admire the man who asks our advice sometimes and abides by what intuition teaches us. We admire the man who has the tact to admire a woman's dainty neckwear as well as a new gown. We admire a mail who doe? not spend all his money on tobacco and wine, but saves .some for caiidy and flowers. We admire a man who has plenty of muscle and has yet sufficient tenderness ,to nurse a woman's headache. We admire a man who talks sensibly to us, and who thinks we appreciate something moret/than mere flattery., In . fact, we admire a mao who is manly, mentally and physically, who is generous, and kind, who reverences women in generaland one in particular. CONSOLATORY. If you're not pretty when you're young, This consolation hold: That in some fifty years or so You will be pretty old. A knotty probieri!—the biglifisfc pOSfiible foe mean rcaisls. / 