FUN AND FANCY. A young man advertises his desire for a wife, ‘ Pretty, and entirely igno rant of the fact.’ His Greatest Work.—Friend of playwright —‘Tell me, now, what do you consider your greatest work ?’ Playwright—‘Getting my plays ac cepted after they are written.’ ‘ The play last night wasn’t realistic enough for me.’ ‘ What was the trouble ?’ ‘ You know that chap who was killed in the third act?’ ‘Yes.’ ‘ Well, I saw him in the street this morning.’ Featherstone —‘Do you believe in ghosts?’ ‘Travers—‘Well, for years I have been living in a haunted house.’ Featherstone ■— ‘ You don’t tell me! 'Who is it haunted by?’ Travers—‘By my tailor.’ Traveller (to Irish railway porter labelling luggage)— ‘ Don’t you keep a brush for that work, porter?’ Porter —-‘ Shure, yer honner, our tongues is the only instrument we’re allowed; but they’re aisy kep’ wet, yer honner!’ (Hint taken.) .. ‘ Humph ! ’ grumbled the old clock, ‘ I don’t know: anyone who is harder worked than I am—24 hours a day year in and year out.’ And then it struck. In Chicago—First lady—‘l feel terribly mortified.’ Second ditto— ‘Why, dear?’ ‘Why, you know, at my divorce this morning!’ ‘Well?’ ‘When the court granted me my right to resume my maiden name, I was so. agitated that I gave the sur name of my third husband.’ How it Happened—A. (in astonish ment) —‘ I say, your topcoat is covered with dirt!’ B. (calmly)—‘lt fell into the gutter as I was coming home from the club last night.’ A. (in surprise) —‘Why didn’t you keep better hold of it?’ B. (still calmly)—‘Because I had it on at the time.’ A young English traveller in Valen cia recently became enamoured of a gipsy girl, but told the mother that he was not rich enough •to marry her. The mother laughed and said, ‘ What! not rich enough in the land of guineas? Why, with so accomplished a thief as my daughter, you will be a millionaire in a twelvemonth !’ A birthday gift was given to a wife by her husband and three children. The youngest, a little ten-year-old, was appointed to make the speech of pre sentation. She did it after much preparation for the occasion, and this was the form it took: —‘ Dear mamma, this gift is presented to you by your three children and your one husband.’ That was a terrible blunder that Miss Gushington made the other even ing, and one that might have had serious consequences. His arm had stolen round her waist, her head rested lovingly bn his shoulder, and looking up in a sly way she said, ‘Do you know, George, dear ’ ‘ You mean James, dear, I think,’ he interrupted. ‘Of course,’ Miss Gushington as sented. , ‘ How stupid of me, to he sure! I was thinking this was Wed nesday evening.’ ‘ Look heah, Boxer, did you call me a common ass?’ ‘No, Fopson, I said you were an uncommon ass.’ ‘ Aw, that’s different; I cawn’t stand having anybody call me common, y’know.’ 