A Flowerdale Ghost Story. There are who say that ghosts do walk at night, The restless spirits of the unhappy dead, Foul, haggard forms, y'cladde in purest white. (For further information, tide Stead). And ghosts there are-ghosts seen through spirits had, Or fusel oil, or call it what you may; Of these I write. These saw our hero, Padd Y' Flynn, who laid them out at Break-o'- Day. Our hero lived at Break-o'-Day, A calm secluded spot; His name was Patrick Flynn, we'll say, Because, in fact, 'twas not. "Far from the crowd's ignoble strife," His way was calm but slow; He led a strict blue-ribbon life Whenever funds were low. But sorry is that lot, I ween, All work, and naught of play; Pat thought so too. For change of scene, He hied him into Yea. He met with many friends that day, A merry time they spent, And gaily passed the hours away In vinous merriment. And loud their laugh of care beguiled, But fun must have an end; Pat fondly thought of wife and child When he'd no more to spend. His horse was brought, away he went, The steed in safety bore;,. His master, semi- somnolent, As oft he'd been before. And Paddy's thoughts would backward roam, His soul was still in Yea; And, as he gently ambled home, Dreamed not of washing day, When round his throat a strangling clutch He felt. The 'sequent thud Annoyed our hero very much, And roused his Celtic blood. Then up he sprang, prepared to fly, Or fight-for fight he could- What grizzly phantoms met his sight, And froze him where he stood! The scene the bravest might appall; Before his awe-struck sight Were gruesome spectres, headless all, And dressed in grave-yard white. And elfish arms were thrown around, Legs kicked in frantic glee, And bodies moved without a sound In ghostly revelry. Transfixed he stood, and sore dismayed, His nerves upon the rack, Until reflection lent him aid And called his courage back. Quoth Pat, his speech a little thick : "I'll meet with no mishap, A disembodlied leg can't kick, At least not worth a rap." A rash, a tearing sound, as prone Pat fell upon his nose, He mattered with heart-rending groan, "Great Scott ! the missus' clothes." Of wifely jibe at bed and board His best friends never knew; But now, whene'er he goes abroad, He wears the ribbon blue. R. SWIVELLER. 