THE DECAY OF THE ENGAGED MAN. Amongst the many and diverse determining reasons to which have been ascribed the latter-day secession from the marital traditions of the West, no one, so far as I am aware, has thought it worth while to reckon the modern minished state of the Engaged Man. In olden times and, although in a less degree, until a comparatively reoent era, it was the privilege of the bridegroom- betrothed to be looked upon as something of a personage, and as one, moreover, about whom there was wont to hover a poetio and a romanoefnl interest. The Crusades, the ohronio war of the Middle Age and its frequent forayß, the campaigns, sieges, and battles by land and wave of a later day, together with the scarce-dead custom of the duel, furnished the career of the affianced one with a thousand possibilities in the way of pathetic check or tragic dose. It was not until Europe had for over half a generation enjoyed the peaoe purchased by Waterloo that the daring pen of Diokens ventured to depict for the amusement of the irreverent reader the love-lorn Traddles, pur chaser at odd times of unmated cups and semi detaohed saucers; acquisitive of housekeeping flotsam and jetsam; hoarder of the waifs and strays of foundered domesticity. Anthony Trollope is another of the offenders against the lofty state of the Engaged Man. In the^ancrf ofsweet (if a trifle flavourless) Lily Dale, in the " Small House at Arlington," he shows that hero up uncompromisingly as the poorest of poor creatures and eren aooentuates his merciless presentment by meting oat to the recreant and disloyal lover, who jilts Lily for an earl's daughter devoid of oharms, a mild variety of hone-whipping at the hands of a rejected sweetheart of the injured heroine. One thing wherein that advanced thinker, Mrs. Humphry Ward, notwithstanding her theological aberations, remains a pattern of orthodoxy, is in her fine old-orusted treatment of the Engaged Man. Robert, the redoubtable Robert himself, goes through the good old mill of courtship and marriage, with the engage ment era, of course, in between, just as if he would have been no man otherwise, and bo un worthy of Mrs. Ward's steel (pen). The col lege prig (whose name I forget), the " Fellow" who flirts with Rose and at the crucial moment failßtoput the question of whose answer he is fully assured, is plainly painted before &c; reader as a wretch, not because of his half heathen agnosticism, but because of his cowardly reluctance, his baulking at the last fence, his saved-as-by-fire withdrawal from the honourable position of the Engaged Man. Mark the contrast offered, designedly or not, in the character of Flaxman whom the prig befooled Rose ultimately marries. Hit readi ness to accept suoh responsibility as the other shirked to his shame is notified, early in the story, to the discerning reader in the fact that he had already been the husband of a young woman (since removed by kind Fortune) in a lower sphere of life, and had come out bright and shining from the ordeal, although, if memory serves aright, slightly impaired in value by the ownership of a couple of infant children. The first wife is of no consequence whatever to the story, whioh indeed, to tell the truth, seems to me long enough and too long without her, but the thing is to show how certain one may feel the moment the admirable Flaxman oommits himself to so much as an afternoon call that he assuredly will prove to " mean business"; how divinely, rashly ready he is likely to be to grasp at the proud place of the Engaged Man. In the good old times, judging from the por traiture left in legend and in the elder writers, the Engaged Man had certain assured olaims and was aooustomed to lay hold on these, in case of attempted spoliation or ravage by Another, or by conscienceless parent or kindred, with a grip of like firmness to that commonly accredited to Grim Death. No sentimental qualms had power over his practical mind. It would never have ocourred to him to offer to give way in favour of the later-fancied cavalier of a fickle dame or datnosel. Once the lady had given her word she waß his, and the priest's blessing to follow was a mere matter of course. The Engaged Man of eld, indeed, carried matters at times with so high a hand as to insist that the troth-plight unfulfilled in this mortal life held good for the other side the grave. Of this kidney was the famous Alonzo the Brave, who in ghost-guise dropped in upon the Fair Imogen at a particularly awkward moment, to Tax her with perjury, claim ber as bride, And bear her away to the grave, and also the over-masterful Wilhelm, who made off on horseback with his Lenore at the mid night hour, as per Burger's immortal ballad. We may be sceptical with regard to these achievements, but we most admit that the in vention even of saoh incidents serves as a high-water mark in the record of the Engaged Man such as nowadays he never touches. It would be interesting, by the way, if by some ocoult pBychography we could arrive at the candid opinion of the two worthies just dis oussed concerning the Enoch Arden incident. " A poor creature, indeed," one cannot but sur mise, would be their comment upon the returned castaway, with a word or two as to the award they would have meted out, in his place, to the man in possession. A further treat would be -obtained if one could but take them, or the likes of them, any of the lordly Engaged Men of the elder day, to see Nora's goings on in the Doll's House—in the lari act particularly. It would be As if you had taken sour John Knox To the play-house at Paris, Vienna, or Munich, Fastened him into a fronHow box, And danced off the ballet in trousers and tunic The artists, always a rather conservative set, have scarcely yet ceased to render onto the Engaged-Man-O»sar the thingsthatare Oassar's, or to barn before him his dne meed of incense. The betrothed knight on their painted canvases still holds pride of place, the central point of the picture, whilst his lady wares her adieux or her weloomes in quite » subsidiary position. The cavalier who lurks (in velvet and ostrich feathers) in the dank recesses of the forest plays first fiddle always. Hi* fiancie, who risks her life and her white satin gown to fetch him hii chicken and olaret in a bran new basket, matt be content to play second. Millais, both in his "Black Brunßwicker" and in his " Huguenot," seems to me to give place of pride to the Engaged Man. The main interest, in both works, is centred in the hero of the occasion rather than in the heroine. So kind have the brotherhood of the brush, as a whole, been to him of whom I write that I can recall, at present, but one single pioture wherein he is treated otherwise than with the consideration due to a favoured being. That is "The Heart's Misgivings," in which the evidently accepted lover (else he had not dared) is engaged in teasing his lady's favourite hawk. Even this instance of inde pendence of thought on the part of the painter bears its witness to the high estate, in the age of falconry, held by the Engaged Man. Let any one in his place nowadays stir up his fiancee* pet pug, after the pictured example with a feather applied to the beak, and he shall see what he shall see. The artist, if there should be one by, will have little time to make his studies betwixt the wronging of the beauteous beast and the showing to the door. For sad to say, spite of the late blossoming fealty of the few, the fortunes of the Engaged Man as suoh are at a low ebb. Punch makes mock of him, and he is rough-rumpled by the American humorist. Whether or no it is that in these days ot girl-graduates and women workers the world no longer has need of him is hard to say. Whatever the reason, one thing is certain—he no longer takes rank as onto of the most preoibus of our1 social products. Pabib Tka Gown. [See letterpreea on this page.! 