THE LATE FIRE AT ZEEIlIAN. Supplementary to my wire (writes our correspondent) I forward the following items regarding the fire at Mulcahy's Hotel:-As yet the origin is shrouded in mystery. It appears a late, or early, con- of vivialist coming from the direction of the bi King claim saw amoke issuing from the ti kitchen of the hotel, and thinking it rather b, early for cooko to be stirring went round re the building, and discovered the smoke to S be issuing from the weatherboards abut- di ting on the chimney. lie gave the alarm by waking Mr Mulcahy, who slept in the fore part of the building, and he imme diately, half-dressed, aroused the inmates. Missing Mr A. Taylor he proceeded to his room, where he was found in a nearly si comatose state. Rapidly dragging him out he was revived by copious sprinklings with water. Mr T. then set to work trying to save property, but the fire had such a w hold that but few of the boarders or the B( large staff of servants (male and female) saved anything but their night-dresses. I saw one man busily engaged with a buckiet, his only clothing being a felt hat, night- Ci shirt, waistcoat, a slipper, and a boot. One lady, among other things, throw a pair of boots out of a window; upon arriving out side she was enquiring where they were. They have not been found yet ! A gentle- C man in the height of the conflagration in sisted on Sergeant Farrell going in senrceli of his caipat- bag; he got his answer. It takes but little time to make a ghost of ten or twelve thousand hounds' worth of property, and in an hour what had ben a palatial two-storey hotel was a mass of I hot charcoal. At the time of writing explosions in the cellar occur now and again, caused by c.ses 1 of spirits being overheated. The new post and telegraph offices were among the most faithfully constructed - buildings here, all having been done under _ the personal" supervision of Mr Reid, Government inspector. It is a great pity 1 those were destroyed, as they were urgently required. . There is little probability of publie buildings being erected on the same site, as the Zeehan S.L.M. Company means to sink a shaft near the lode lately found by Mr Wesley. Some of the workers are indignant at neighbouring storekeepers refusing to lend buckets for use at the fire, e but axes lent are still missing. Mr A. T. Anderson patriotically wheeled t a barrel of ale from his house to the scene o of the fire for the use of the workers, but e Sergeant Farrell seeing the loaters round ,. it stove in the head and- spilled it. It is n astonishing that the whole of the business iI part of the town was not levelled, the houses being mainly built of pine and lined inside with scrim, and all the sur ie roundings being of a very inflammable .d nature. Only for the way in which the f men worked I would have had a far worse e disaster to chronicle. The thanks of the a community at large and the insurance d ollices are due to Sergeant Farrell and the 1\. constables under his charge for the smart se way they organised and directed operations r in quelling the flames and taking prccau ,t lions against their further spread. S Estimates of the loss are variously given is at from eight to twenty thousand pounds, r. the latter by the local journal, which by :o six o'clock, two bours after the breaking as out, hada stirring noticedf the event. January 18. 