THE DOCTOR SHOOK THEIIR HEADS. ; Mr. Thomas Gnasin. of No. 3 Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardinor, bot he was ready enough to giveoall he had for one thing ho hadn t got. Here is his" story,, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskina gon to say: "Up to eight years ago I had onever loost an hours' work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at leeston, near Nottinghoam, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain ofter eating, a bad taste in my moth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to fill p' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yel lowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough and would, oogh and strain, till Ibled at none, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in,bed five or sir weeks. "Ithen went as an ont-patieat to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said that it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the octors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darloy Abbey and my fornier master gave tme an indoor recommen. dation tothe Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were floil, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ', You ARE IN A OALLOPINO CO.l. stsPTrIONt AND MUos Dio ; the other doctors after'sounding my lungs, and .cheat, Sno ernictoo,. aeH.sook THcwa HEtnAD . . Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to' do what.little Icould in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 188S, when I caught cold, got very abort of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupfnl as once, and WAs AFRAID TO GO TO SLEEP FOR TEAR THIR THLEGM WOULD CHOKE ME. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yel low, and my cyes were bloodshot. My lip and mooth were dry and parched, and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a pieceof brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost ovr a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to get up fora few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying was never at ease and got noreal rest. Too weak to read I often seat for hours looking at my hands-nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervcus I couldn't bear the least noise and the children at play quite upset me. "The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' I CAN DO YOU NO GOOD ; I CAN ONLY PATCi YO0 UPr, BECAUSE YOUR LUNGS ARE DECEaSoE. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from Loo don that cost 22. n bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came tosee me said, ' WELL YOU wonrT ooa tuoc LONGER, TOU HIAVE MERELY TO PREPARn Ron ANOTHER WORLD. "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me,' To t, DID YOU EVERnTRY MOTHEr SEIg.EL'S SQ'RuP' and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in prasse of this medicine that I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottit from Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria-street. After the first dosb I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days, my breathing got easier, and in a few days more I was able tgo out for a habort walk. By the end ofa fortoightI went to see my toaster, who asked what. had wrought the improvement and I told hm, as I-tll every one, that Mother Seigel'a Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. In giving his consent to the publication of this n remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requet us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardiner, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gasklin has lived at Darley Abbey for m years, and bears an excellent reputation. Now what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Nor oALLOPINo COhSUMPTION, CERTAINLY (AS ONEra FTH DOGTOCStlOUGHaT) OR BE WOULD IHAV GALLOPED LNTO HIs GRAVE IN LFSS TIIAN THREE MsNTSII, instead of growing worse for seven years. His com plaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or gastric catarrh), which has lung symp toms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used, the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We hear tily congratulate Mr. Geskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 