Ipswich Mayoralty. Alderman J. Spresser Elected.' (Abridged from yostordny'a Qaecnsland Tin.) A mooting of tlio Ipavnoh Municipal Counoil was hold on Wednesday for tho purpose of elooting a mayor for tho ensuing year. HIb worehip tho Mayor (Mr. Jomea M'Gill) took tho ohnir shortly after 12 o'olook. As returning officer, he formally announced the election of MeMrn. 'W.' T. Peneon, John Hurris, nnd Jneoli SpreBser, ns miresontntivoB of tho Kant, Went, nnil North Words respec tively, und tlio returned aldermen signed tlio ueua dooloration of ofHco. Thin being dono, Hie worship said that tho first business of tho new council was to oloct their chairman for tho ensuing year. Before vacating tho mayoral chair, ho would like to express his gratitudo for the oasistanco rouuerod to him by his brother nidcriucu and tho forboaranco shown by thom, while Booking to carry out tlio affairs of tlio municipality during the year. (Applause.) He would also thank tlio rate payers for tlio consideration shown him during his timo of office, and moro especially during thotimo that tho valuations wero being settled. His worship then loft tho oliuir, whioh was taken by the town olork (Sir. J. S. Michael), on tho motion of Aid. M'Gill, seconded by Aid.' Keogh. Tho ohuirman announced that the busineas of tho mooting was the election of mayor. Aid. M'Gill movod, "That Aid. Keogh ho chairman of the council during 1692." During tho yoar Aid. ICoogh and himself had differed, in somo matters. Thoy hod differed openljr aud fought their battles opouly in tlio council chnmber, and it wus all over wliou thoy got outsido. Ho liked on opponent of that kind, with whom ono could tight differences of opinion, nnd then bo just as good friends as ovor afterwards. (Hear, hoar.) Though thoy had differed on many points, yot thoy had agreed on many. Tho mayor, no matter who ho wan, would not agreo with all tho aldermen in everything, and it would ho a sorry day if .ho did so. He lisd Mb views and the aldormon had tlioirs, aud yot they hod got on fairly well and Aid. Keogh had rendered material assist- unco. Aid. Harris endorsed the utteranoes of Aid. M'Gill with reference to Aid. Kcogli. Ho thought that, if elected, he would make a good mayor, and. if ho did not, thoy would make liim. (Laughter.) Aid. M'Leod said that he had a candidate to proposo too — ho wished to propose Aid. Spres sor. He thought that a man who had served for six years running on the counoil, nnd hail boon elected for the third timo unopposed, was a good one for tho position. Ho believed that lie would bo an impartial mnn in tho ohair, and would do justice to all parties. Ho was suro from ids knowledge of hiin that ho was an honest and straightforward geutlomau, and ho had not tho least hesitation in proposing him as a worthy chairman for the year. Aid. Tullon had much pleasure in seconding tho motion. Ho would bo wanting in bis duty to the North ward ratepayers who had olectod Aid. Spresser as their representa tive for tho third time, if ho did not support him for tho position. Aid. Keogh snid lio was exceedingly thank ful to Aid. M'Gill for tlio kind manner in which ho hnd nominated him, and to Aid. Harris for seconding tho motion. Ho had thought thnt this would he a walk over for him, and that there would be no competition for tlio office. As ho desired 110 competition, with Aid. M'Gill's permission and that of his soconder, ha would withdraw lus nomination. (Sovoral voices : "No, no.") Ho would do so with tlio intention of proposing a gentleman wlio had occupied the position before — (hear, hoar) — and that with satisfaction and honour to liimsolf and credit to tlio municipality. He hnd inuoli pleasure in proposing Aid. M'Gill us chairman for the ensuing year. Aid. Deacon said that, seeing that Aid. Keogh hnd withdrawn from tho contest, bo bad muoh plousiu'o in socondiug the nomination of Ald. M'Gill. Aid. Hargrcavcs said that it seomod to him that there was a screw looso some where. Aid. Keogh hud been proposed, and had now four declared supporters. Yet ho withdrew from tlio contest, and made tlio insinuation that bo hud been deceived by certain members of tho council. If that was so, it should come out, else tliero was a slight, under which till the other aldermen would lio. Ho diseluiincd boing u party to any dccoption, as ho told Aid. Keogh that ho would not support him. It appeared to him that Ihuro hi been some shuttling somewhere, and he wo.fld like to hour somo explanation of it, either from AM. Keoglt or Aid. M'Gill. Ho could sco no reason in the turn nff'airs had taken, und confessed that ho was not only nonplussed, but disgusted at it. Aid. Keogh denied that any pro-urranged pltui between liimsolf and Aid. M'Gill had boon made whatever. I Aid. M'Gill said that it was in all good faith I that ho hud proposed Aid. Kcogli. it was his I duty to carry out his promise und ho had dono ! so. Ahl. Harris said that lie hud told Aid. I Iveegh if lie could not see fivo Hopporters, to ; nominate AM. M'Gill, and he would second the , nomination. Those who did not like tlintoouM I lump it. (Laughter.) He (tho speaker) did i not i-nino there to pb'U«e everyone : lie camo tliero to please liimsolf aud to do the best for ! the town in general and, bis own ward in pur- ! tloulur. Aid. M-Lornl resented tho insinuations, and I tienio1! fhnr. anyone vouid impure any undor- ! hand work to Kim. The ohuirman suiil if there wore no other nominations- -and lie hoped there would not bo ! - -he would put the motion before the meeting. ' Tim motion, " That AM. Spressvr be elected I chairman fur 1892 " was rlcu put. and Aid. Tallo n. JTargreaves. M'Leod, Brown, and I tjpivssnr voted lor it. Tho motion that Aid. 31 'C ill Is) eleered clmirman was next put, and I Aid. Keogh, Harris, Deueon, am! M'CHIl voted i for it. The chairman : t have now to announeo | thnt AM. Spressor has boon duly elected mayor for tin) uurrvat, year. (Applause.) Aid. M'Gill (after a long pause): The pro poser or sovomier should have tho cnurlesy to conduct him to the chair. Aid. Tnllou then conducted tlio newly-ap pointed Mayor to the ciiair, declaring him duly installed, and wishing hiin "A happy new year." Tiio uowly ejected Mayor t l I 'ill signed tlio usual declaration before Mr. 12. Harding, jun., after which he spoko for somo timo. Ho folt the honour too great for him to express his thanks for lairing boon appointed to the posi tion. Me wus sure that .lifter such a good man as Aid. M'Gill had occupied the chair with such honour and dignity, ho would have to put his best log forward to sustain tho reputation that ho had attained. Ho could, liuwever, promise thom that he would spare lio effort, and think no trouble too great in carrying out tho duties of office. He had now been six con secutive years interested in municipal work, besides being a member of a divisional hoard, and, in spite of what had occurred that day, ho trusted thnt the aldermen would assist him in currying out his duties, becnuso, without tho assistance and co-operation of hie brother mein- bors, tho Mayor would have a hard road to go. Aid. Keogh proposed, — "That AH. M'Gill ho retuming-ofticer for the remainder of tho municipal oleotious." (This motion wus neces sary ns tho Act statcslthnt tho Mayor shall ho tho returning officer). Ho would like to be allowed to say that he would not troublo the euunoil much in the future, us this would probably bo his lust day. He had laudo up his mind that lie would tender his resignation, beoauso lio did not see that it wus any use a man wasting his time and energies in ondcavouriug to get to tho position that was denied him, but that ho was fully entitled to. By right and virtue of experience and educational attainments ho maintained that no man should liavo tho posi tion more than ho, though ho i said it who should hot. It was an ontiro wnKto of time on iiis part, and he would romaiu no . longer, so took tho opportunity to thank tho ratepayers for having returned him for sovon years as thoir representative. Mr. A. Mncgrogor roso to speak from the audienco, hut tho chairman snid that tlio interruption waa out of order. Mr. Maogrcgor did not sit down, however, till lio had said that tho procoedings that had just takon plaoo showed them olearly that the Mayor should ho oleoted by tho. people, an anuouuoement that was reoeived with loud bursts of npplauBo, whioh lasted for sovoral minutes. Aid. M'Gill : If elected by the pooplo, soma of tho nldsnnen would not stand a ghost Of a ohanoo. Aid. Hurgroaves : Is thai an inference with regard to tho present Mayor ? Aid. M'Gill: No, oortainlynot. Aid. Hargreaves (in an undortone) : I think it.might ho taken as a pretty strong ono. The motion, after being eeeonaed, was put andoareied. v. , . . . ' . ''-p. - : : On the inotion . of ; Mr. J.' Yurrelly, s ftdon d ed by Mr.; S Shillito, , a . vote : of thanks was ao-.. >; corded fo tho retiring Mayor, and tho prMeed". ;T: ings terminated. ,. 