CAT SUPERSTITIONS. Girt around with fear and mys tery and subtle associations of evil, the cat comes down to us through the centuries; and from every land fresh traditions of sorcery claims it for their own. In Brittany is still whispered the dreadful tale of the cats that danced with sacrilegious gleearound the crucifix until their king was killed; and in Sicily men know that if a black cat serve seven masters in turn he carries the soul of the seventh into bell. In Russia black cats become devils at the end of seven years,, and in southern Europe they are merely serving their apprenticeship as witches. . . . Norwegian folk-lore is rich in ghastly stories like that of the wealthy miller whose mill has been twice burned down on Whitsun ni<»ht. and for whom a travelling tailor offers to keep watch. The tailor chalks a circle on the floor, writes the Lord's Prayer around it, and waits until midnight when a troop of cats rush in and hang a great pot of pitch over the fireplace. Again and again they try to over turn this pitch, but every time the tailor frightens them away; the when their leader endeavours stealthily to draw him outside of his magic circle, he cuts off her paw with his knife. Then they all fly howling into the night, and the next morning the miller sees with ioy his mill standing whole and unharmed. But the miller's wife cowers under the bedclothes, offer ing her left hand to the tailor, and hiding as hest she can her right arm's bleeding stump. For my part, I consider this the best cat story in all literature, full of suggesfciveness and terror, yet picturesque withal, and^ leaving ample room in the mind for specu lation. Why was not the beir i apparent bidden to the royal fune ral ? Was there a disputed suc cession, and how are such points, settled in the mysterious domain ot cat-land ? . The notion that these 'animals rather in ghost-haunted churches and castles for their nocturnal re vels is one common to all parts ot Europe. We remember how the little maiden of the Mountain Idyl con fides to Heine that the innocent lookine cat in the chimney corner is really a witch, and that at mid night, when the storm is high, she steals away to the rained keep, where the spirits of the dead wait spellbound for the word that shall waken them. In all scenes of impish revelry cats play a prominent part, al though occasionally, by virtue or their dual natures, they serve as harriers against the powers of evil. There is the fine bit of Italian folk-lore about the servant maid who, with no other protector than; a black cat, ventures to disturb a proeession of ghosts on the dread ful Night of the Dead. ' It is well for you that the cat lies in yonr arms,' the angry spirit says to her; ' otherwise what I am you also would be.' The last pale reflex of a univer sal tradition I found two years in London, where the bad behaviour of the Westminster cats—pro verbially the most dissolute and profligate specimens of their race has given rise to the pleasing legend of a country house whither these rakish animals retire for nights of gay festivity, and whence they return in the early morning, iaded, repentant and forlorn.— Agnes Reppber, in the Atlantic •' Monthly/ . Mrs. Mary Waters, aged 58, was re turning by train the other night to St. Kilda, near Melbourne. It is supposed that she stepped out on the wrong side and fell on the fine used for Bhnnting. She wsb not observed tilt the engine passed over her right leg near the ankle, when her piercing screams attracted at tention. She was taken to the hospital, where amputation was found to be neces-. sary. 