THE LAST MATCH. uiuginal Queensland Sketch. [By J. J. Lillington.] Author of *« The Tale-of a Pannikin”; "The Squatter’s Second Daughter”; “A ' Shearer’s Hut at Night,” and’ Other Sketches, Chapter IL THE MYSTERIOUS DOG. Ivan called aload to Mott in a tone * of the utmost surprise: “Jumping Moses, look here! what’s this ?” Mott put his foot on the white object and remarked: “ A dead white dog, or a bandicoot, or something. I reckon it’s dead, whatever it is, for see it won’t move away ?’’ And gently shifting the object, whose outline the bushman could only just make out in the now fast-darkened gloom, he exhibited to Ivan that the animal, whatever it was, had shuffled off its mortal coil. “ It certainly wasn’t here when I left “bluey” to look with you for the leaves,” returned Ivan; and as he lifted up his blanket he also moved it, and his foot struck Something,'evidently attached to the neck of the animal, resonant of tin. “There is> some thing d-mysterious about this lot,” he added : “ wonder if some poor devil has passed his check in just away oft the road a bit? . Might have died through illness, or want of a drop in the water-bag. Good God L how many dying-of-thirst man has gone under for even the want of a punnikin ful ? Perhaps this is a pannikin round this dingo’s neck with some message on it. I’ve heard of such a thing before, Mott. Pity we’ve got only one lucifer, eh? Might save this chap’s “ natural,” Mott!” ■Mott’s mind ran in the same.vein. “The poor fellow might be lying just only a hundred yards or so away. Let’s coo-ee ; he might answer.” Ivan decidedly objected to this. He had had a longer bush experience than Mott, and had remarked three or four miles back along the road blacks’ tracks, not a few, imperfectly covered by a bough having been scraped across the imprints with a view to annihilat ing them. He viewed this act alone with some little suspicion, and knew that it was an ominous sign of danger. But whether his mate and himself were the objects of a daybreak' attack ho was not fully satisfied, but believed they were not the marked ones. Probably a raid was intended on some shepherd’s hut, and possibly a murder \- ,-"“° V,v-uroKp.ectiye._I: But Ivan’s mind- --- returneg almOsc- 'mrmfe'trfStely " to‘ " the ‘” ~ singular circumstance ,,of the., dead animal lying at his. feet, nrid he' was, in a moment of forgetfulness, on the point of lighting the solitary match to satisfy his curiosity. “Let’s get the fire kindled first,’’ half-growled Mott; “ what on ■ earth are you going to do ?” Ivan sprang up from his serai-stoop ing position as he replied : “I’d nearly gone and done it theu.” The men carefully piled their dried leaves against a log, and were rejoicing in the double prospect of ^drying their blankets Bpeedily and unravelling their mystery at the same time, wheniMott’s canine, Jessie Brown, gave a low growl ■ as a kind of warning that some sort of object or danger moved close b;. “ Niggers !” suggested Mott. ; ■ “ Baal, baal,” replied Ivan, “ it is too , dark now, and they won’t go nowhere without a fire-stick. Did you notice ( the road away back at that blind'gully running down towards where the river ought to be ?” . .. ..j., Mott’s eyes had no,, been, so sharp as Ivan’s, and he had to reply in the’nega l tive. The slut again sounded her warning There’s something about;, it might only be a dingo, and yet, it might not,” soliloquised Ivan; “ don’t believe it’s niggers, though. I never knew ’em travel at dark ;' they believe too much in the 1 devil-devii.’ Just throw a fire-stick there, Mott, where the bitch is barking at. If it’s a dingo you’ll hear him crack the leaves nnd twigs as he clears. Can’t believe it’s niggers.” s While Mott did as he was bidden, he began to put two and two together, , cogitating with himself (as hb hurled \- the fire-brand wtth its qnick-shedding sparks a hundred feet or so through space), as to the possibility of the doad white animal having any sort of con 3 nection with the further mystery. Mott’s mental suggestion , soon found birth in words, anil he expressed the possibility to his comrade. Ivan was silent for a moment or two, and deter mined to have a look at the animal by the bright glare of the now sparkling ‘ fire. The first supposition proved correct—it was a dog, and he had had the misfortune to be badly tomahawked, under what conditions of course the travellers could not distinctly say, but the most natural solution of the diffi culty was that the dastardly uctors were t blacks. In a moment, however, the pannikin round the dead canine’s neck as Ivan had suggested, had tjdd the tale. It was one of the sort known as “ a fourpenny ” : pot — a small-sized pannikin. Sure enough, there was a 5 message from a lost, thirsty, and pos sibly by'then dead human. In faltering strokes there had been scratched, pro bably by a knife, the words, so far as Mott could make out.:— “ I’ve been four days . . . . . . . . (the rest was indistinct, as if the strength had completely failed at that moment). But a further search revealed one , more word scrawled beneath—“ Maug—.* This was most id likely the Christian nnme of the be uighted sufferer, who ‘had not' had • sufficient time to add the surname be , fore exhaustion, perhaps death, had nullified further effort. , re While the pair at the camp-fire were gb elucidating the scratches, Jess-in Brown’s ■7 barking became more pronounced and • . incessant. It was evident that the object, whatever it was, was coming (Continued on page 4.) (Continued from page 1.) nearer. Suddenly there was a sort of doll thud, as if a body of some weight hadj fallen. It had not the report, of the falling branch off the limb of a tree, and aa it came no further apparently, the travellers began to feel a kind of creepy senBation come over them. There was a sort of silent, mutual belief that shot at once between the two human compositions that they may have got mixed up in o ghost story, for there had been a murder or two on the. Barcoo. But Ivan and Mott were goodhcarted, ordinarily brave fellows, and not believers in the super natural, although the mysterious advent of the dead dog, with his badly tbmahawked leg, together with the inscription on the pint pot, did for the moment make them feel that almost indescribable point of time when “somebody is said to be walking over your grave.” However, they determined to pluck up courage, and move a few yards in the direction whence the sound pro ceeded. As this was the direction from which what little wind was blowing came, they knew the dogs (for Budgarcc had joined issue with Jessie) had got the full scent. It is a rather notable fact that men dying of thirst, hunger, or disease in the bush getting in a direct line with the canine nostrils they can he sniffed at a considerable distance, as the peculiar smell of dissolution is present as in the ordinary corpse that succumbs in its bed. This is why wild dogs will follow a lost dying man for days. It is even said, with what truth I am not able to assert, that the blacks who are good trackers can notice the trace of smell while stooping on the ground following a lost man’s trail, with their keen eyes wildly intent on every bit of broken stick or trod-in grass blade, showing where the belated oue had recently passed over. And neither by throats nor reward,' unles she is a specially civilised blackfellow and had mixed with the whites for many years, could he be got to follow further on becoming aware by the rolling gait that exhaustion is rapidly overtaking the lost one. “That fellow ’ll go bung directly” (“bung” is death in blackfellow), he sensationally intimates. The white men of the search party have to finish the job, and are pos sibly rewarded by finding the case is not a fatal one after all; for, having applied the water-bottle to the stricken man’s lips, they aro rewarded by finding nature partially restored, and he is able, after a slight spell, to mount the spare horse, sent out by kindly Samaritans, on which to proceed to the friendly shelter of a boundary-rider’s hut, or the head homestead, where he may rest for a day or two. If, unfortunately, assist ance has come too late, and there arc no police authorities to communicate with at easy distance, a rough burial under a canopy of leaves and boughs or a sand grave is improvised, unless ample demonstration is forthcoming on a search of the clothing that the defunct one is someone of higher note than an ordinary bushman. ( To be continued.) 