Stic Sturyleller, I THE TWO WIVES. The tea-things were re moved, the. cjliiidren had gone to bed; and . Charles Lighte, throwing down his newspaper, seated himself on the sola be side his' wife. A hand slid into, his own, thinner and less delicate than when, long ago, it had first met his; but the same con fiding, loving hand. And out of the fullness of her heart the good wife spoke : ‘I have been thinking, Charles, as I watched this bright fire light flickering over our com fortable room, how happily we live ; how much we ought to do for others, in return for the blessings that are^ daily heaped upon our heads. ‘Yes, Carrie, but these blessings are earned by daily work i yon women sit at home by your comfortable fires, and little think how your hus bands and fathers are toiling meantime to pi’ocure'the shel ter, fuel, and food for which you are so grateful to Provi dence.' An arch smile lighted the still pretty face, as the wife answered : - - ‘Ah, and you husbands and fathers enter the orderly house, and eat the well cooked meals, and play with the neat, well-dressed, and well-disciplined children, and enjoy the evening comfort and repose, without realizing how your wife, with head, hand and heart must have toiled .to bring about all these quiet, results. I might easily give you practical proofs of what I have asserted, but I delight in having you think of home as a place for enjoyment and re pose—a warm, sunny harbour after the storm and chills of the world outside; therefore I take my own rest at the time you take yours. Is not this better than to be always keep ing before you, by help of a little management, the con viction that I am .a 'VWpnry victim ? Our interests are mutual, and I feel that the knowledge I am resting adds to your repose.’ Mr Lighte’s face glowed with pleasure at his wife’s candid, simple, confiding words ; she sympathised with and understood him, she only in the great wide world! How good, and true, and gentle, she had always, been! ; , Thus he thought, as ; they both sat dreaming by the fire side. Mrs Lighte awoke first from her reverie ; she was not accustomed to waste time in dreams. ‘Charles, while I think of it, for I forgot this morning, the white sugar is all out; we must have another barrel.’ This brought Charles Lighte back to the purpose for which he had thrown aside his paper. ‘Don’t you think, Carrie, that now we have so many chil dren, and they all young, we might use brown sugar in stead of white ?’ ‘What shall I do for com pany? and, besides, children have as sensative palates as we. I recollect well how, in my childhood, I disliked coarse food.’ _ ’ . ‘And now your family are all epicures.’ ‘What! gluttons? ‘Oh no ; but if meat is an hour old, or bread a trifle done, or eggs are in the least al tered, or pudding ;is heavy, nothing will do but you must procure a substitute. ‘Is there no good ' result from my epicureanism ?’ ‘Yes ; I am willing to own that no man in the city has more nutritious and palatable food on his table than I, . but Carrie, the times are hard, and we must began to economise:’ ‘Now, 1 understand; you . have been talking with Mr Murke ; I thought you meant to dissolve your co-partnership in the spring ; that man will spoil you with his meanness,’ •£ cannot afford to dissolve yet; my family expenses, are too heavy, and, besides, .1 am am not sure, but, vyhat you call meanehss in Murke - is, •■'.alter allj commendable - foresight. ■ Do you not remember what, a spendthrift he was in his first wife’s day ?’ . ‘No, Hilaries, I remember that when we were lovers we used to admire his generous, disinterested conduct. I do not know a man whose posi tion was more truly enviable than his, at the time of which we speak.’ y . ‘What! besieged by high and low for help, never sure of ‘ a moment at his own command. Do you call it enviable to be at everyone’s beck aiid call ? Was a poor family burned out, or somebody’s fifth cousin to be buried, or a minister to be admonished or supported, or a returning- prodigal to make peace" with his family, or a lunatic taken to the hospital, or a city improvement made, no one could accomplish the object so well as Murke.’ ‘And his pleasure lay in his. duty; how his honest face would glow with delight, as, in his boyish way, he walked up and down our parlour, re lating the success, of some benevolent scheme ! What a pity he could not have died then 1 the rough exterior would have fallen away from a strong yet gentle soul, as beautiful and radiant as any angle that ever entered heaven.’ ‘But, Carrie, you little en thusiast, what would have happened to his wife and children ? Had Williau Murke died ten years ago, they might have been in the poorhouse, for he had not saved a penny, then; now they will all inherit handsome fortunes.’ ‘Oh, Charles, you cannot be in earnest ; the world has not so blighted you, but you must feel that the wealth in. his purse is a poor compensation for the wealth that is fast dy ing out of his soul. Think , what a cheerless •.home;.,.;think how his children areneglected, how ignorant they are all allowed to remain of all the courtesies and amenitions of life, and what little scarecrows in appearance !’ . ‘Scandal, Carrie, scandal!’ ‘Truth! But a truth is as bad as scandal; that second wife is to be his ruin yet, mark my prophecy ! She has re trenched, until she has scraped all the beauty, and polish, and gilding, all the treasures and worth out of the house and poured them into his money bags. Is that an advantage ? Is money better than its worth ? Miserly people worship the symbol, and forget and neglect the truth it symbolises.’ ‘You are too hard upon Mrs. Murke ; she brought her hus band £300, and had a rig-ht to demand that he should add his share to the family fund. She is saving for his children.’ j ‘Of what advantage will money be, when they do not know how to use and enjoy it? Wealth only lifts vulgarity and ignorance upon a pedestal, where they shall be a surer j mark for ridicule and contempt. | But, Charles, let us leave the Murkes to manage their own way.; and tell .me . what, you think of sending the children to a dancing-school ; they are full old enough, and if you do not feel able to afford the’ex pense, I can do very well with out the silk dress you promised me this autumn.’ ‘I am tired of those old dresses you have turned so many times ; you must have the.silk; and as for the children pray, what real need is there of their learning to dance ?’ ‘It. is a' pleasant accomplish^ ment; it makes them graceful and gentle; prepares them, in short, for the society in which we hope" they will maintain an honorable place.’' ‘How ambitious you are! but have your own way, I will trust a mother’s instinct against all reasoning.’ ’ The ghosts ot Mr. and Mrs. Murke had been allayed, but only for one evening; day after day they returned to per plex and weary, but never van quish, good little Mrs. Lighte. it was — ‘Carrie, Murke has taken a house in the suburbs ; the rent is cheaper, but that’s not the best; he assures me that, by moving to an inaccessible place he is rid of scores of relatives aud friends, who formerly made a convenience of his house, almost converting it into an hotel. Now the next house to Murke’s is unoccupied ; had we not better remove thither?’ ‘Two miles from our child ren’s 'school, and pur church, and your office! I wonder if Mrs Murke ever happened to read what the Bible says about “ entertaining strangers '/’how often we meet those injunctions “ be courteous . “ be hospi table;” “given to hospitality;’’ “ entertaining the saints “ministering unto others’ neces sities.’ Let us remain where we are, my husband; and .while we have a crust of bread let us share it with our friends.’ So Mr. Lighte went whistle ing to his office, thanking Providence that he had such a wise helpmeet. But the ghosts returned. ‘Ho w sober your are, Carrie!’ ‘To tell the truth, my teeth have, ached for a fortnight, and l am half worn out with pain.’ ‘Why did you not tell me earlier?: Pray goto a dentist immediately.’ . ‘I knew this would be the first thought with you ; and dentists claim such exorbant prices, I could hot bear to add one of Dr. Bright’s bills to our expenses ; but I will walk as far as his house; with you this very afternoon.’ ‘That’s right. Yet Carrie, now I remember, Murke recom mended a Mr Huddle, who fills teeth for just, half what . Bright charges.’ ‘Is that all he told you ?’ ‘Yes.’ ' : ‘Mr/ Huddle filled Mrs. Murke’s teeth so badly, that in three years they had half . broken out, and the other half were blackened with decay ; even after this, their eldest daughter was sent to the same person, and her fine teeth will be sacrificed in consequence.’ ‘But Huddle is making a beautiful set of false teeth for Mrs. Murke. .. . I [to HE CONTINUED.} 