EX- PRIEST MoKERN AN ON AURICU LAR CONFESSION. The Bev. Mr. McK»rnan, who for fourteen years was a priest ojc the Ohnreh of Rome, delivered the second of his intended coarse of leotureB at St. Matthias Hall, Paddington, on Monday evening, May 16tb, 1892. The chair was occupied by Mr. T. Lutton, D.GM. of the L.O. Institution, on the platform with whom were Rev. Dr. Barry, Rev; E. D- Madgwiok, Rev. J. Macauley. After a few brief words of introduction of the lecturer by the ohairman, the Rev. Mr. McKernan said .— Mr. Chairman, ladieB and gentlemen, in order to avoid the least suspicion of prejudice in dealing with the subject of " Aurioular Confession," we shall allow the Roman Oatholio advocates to explain their own view. The Church of Rome teaches that Jesus Christ has established a tribunal upon earth, in which the priest is judge, and in which it is necessary that the penitent should confess his sins in order to obtain absolution. The oonnoil of Trent pronounces an An athema, a enrse, against anyone who shall say " that the absolution of the priest is not a judicial act, and that the confession of the penitent ib not required for absolution." In support of their contentiou, viz., that the priest is a judge in the tribunal of pen ance, and that " Auricular confession is necessary for the remission of sin, Roman Catholic divines quote lrom John xx. and Matthew xviii. the following words : " Then Jesus said unto them again, peace be unto yon ; As my Father hath sent me, even so send I you. And when He had said this Ho breathed on them and saith unto them receive yo the Holy Ghost, whosoever sinB ye Bhall remit, they are remitted nnto them ; and whose Boever sins ye shall retain, they are re tained." "Verily I say unto yon, whatso ever ye shall bind upon earth, shall be bonnd in Heaven, and whatsoever ye shall loose npon earth, shall be loosed in Heaven." How do Roman Catholics try to prove their position from these words ? In this way. They argne that Christ haB made the priests judges in the court of conscience with authority to bind or to loose, to forgive or to retain sins. But as no judge can pass sentence without a full knowledge of the cause, and as this knowledge cannot be had except from their own acknowledgement, it follows, Ihoy say, that " Auricular Oonleesion " is necessary. (Applause.) This line of argument, though plausible, is evidently defective. It reminds me of the priest who was asked to proach a panegyric on St. Joseph. Tho occasion came roand, but his reverence was very badly prepared. At the last moment a thought struck him, and ascending the pulpit, he said, my breth ren, this is the feast of St. Joseph. Joseph waB a carpenter. Carpenters make confes sionals ; I shall, therefore, preach to-day on the necessity of confession. Ia the same logical? line of argumentation, the Church of Rome, taking it for granted that the prieBt is a judge in the penitential tribunal, invested with the power to forgive Bins, requires aB a consequence that her mem bers practise secret confession to him. (Cheers.) That the priest is such a judge, as Rome teaches, is an assumption without a tittle of evidence to sustain it in the New Testament. In reference to the texts from John and Mathew, I wish yon to observe, that though there iB a similarity between the mission of Christ from the Father and of the apostles from Christ, yet it would be blasphemy and contrary to fact, to say that they were pos sessed of equal powers. In some respects there was a similarity between the mission of oar Lord and His apostles, but their (.ffloe and work were quite distinct. Christ was Bent to Have by Iris doaiii. The Apostles were sent so to saxe, but to make known by their preaobing that salvation to others. Even if Jesus Christ committed the power of forgiving sin to his apostles, wonld it there fore follow that the Roman Catholic priests possess the aame power? Certainly not. (Applause.) They must first show that they are in the place of the apoetlee. Surely there is a wide difference between the upostles of our Lord and the prieets of Rome. The apostles as individnalB were infallible in their teaching. The Roman Catholio priests do not pretend to be infallible as individuals. . The apostles wrought miracles ; let the priests of Rome prove that they are equal to the apostles by doing the same. It is evident that the power of judicially forgiviDg sin was not committed even to the apostles, for we nowhere read in the inspired record of their aotB of the exercise of such power. Ttie question then is how did the apostles discharge the duties of their offioe ? How did they remit sin ? Was it by a cer tain form of absolution such as now obtains in the Church of Rome, or was it by the preaching of the Gospel of JeBus Christ ? 1 contend that it was by the preaching of the Gospel ; and I shall appeal to the prac tice of the apostles themselves as evidence. (Cheers.) Jesus Christ before sending out his apos tles to preach the Gospel to every creature, warned them of the dangers they wonld have to encounter. For their encouragement he telle them that as the Father had sent him, ao he sends them. The Saviour's mission was one of pain and Buffering, bo would their's be. His had for its objeot the salvation of mankind, so would their's be the " ministry of reconciliation." When he breathed npon them and saith, i "Whose soever sins ye remit they are re - 1 / mitted nnto them, and whose soever sins ye retain they are retained." As if be had. said, whoae soever sins ya remit by the preaohing of the Gospel being effectual to them they will be remitted ; and whose soever sins ye retain, owing to their rejection of the Gospel, they will be retained. For the Gospel, while it is the " savonr of lite nnto life" to some is the " saviour of death unto death to others The Gospel ie a witness against " all nations" and will add to the guilt and condemnation of those who reject it. (Applause.) The apostles, as in part the founders of Christianity, possessed the power of binding and loosing. They released the people from the burdensome rites of the Old Law, and bonnd npon them what was necessary in faith and practice in the New Law. Does it ap pear that they remitted sin by a form of absolution? Let their own aots answer. Peter Baid to the mnltitudes on the day of Pentecost " Bepent and bo baptised every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gifts of the Holy GhoBt." The apostleB nowhere speak of suoh a tribunal as Roman Catholics hold to be of divine institution. Had the power of judicially forgiving sin, been committed to them, sorely they would have made it known and have acted upon it. It would have been the most important part of their office,. and one of the leading doc trines of Christianity. Oan any man imagine, for a moment, that. the Apostles were so remiss, so negligent in the discharge of their duty, as never to have exercised this impor tant function, or referred to it in any part of their writings. John says, "If any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Josub Christ the righteous." He does not say, we have a tribunal to which we oan repair, and after having whispered onr sine into the ear of the priest, we can obtain absolution. No, not one word of the kind. He directs us to the mediation of Jesus OhriBt. " He that believeth on the Sen hath everlasting life : and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life : but the wrath of God abideth in him." " Therefore," saye Paul " being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus OhriBt." Remission of sin and salvation, throughout the Bible are connected with faith in Christ, nowhere with the priest's absolution. (Ap plause.) Everywhere the one great exhortation of the Now Testament is, " Believe and bo saved." But no, say the priests, we know better. We are the judges. We have tho keys. Proud indeed is the assumption, lofty the pretension : but the structure rests on a sandy foundation. (Cheers.) Roman Catholic teachers BBk the question. Did the practice of oonfesBion exist in the Old Law before the ooming of Christ ? Yes, osrtainly, they answer ; for it iB said of the immediate forernnner of OhriBt, John the Baptist, that " there went out to him all the country of Judea, and all they of Jerusalem, and were baptised by him in the river Jordan confessing their sine." Cardinal Moran might just as well quote from the acts of the Salvation Army. He might with equal reason Bay, that the confession made by members of the Army are a proof of the necessity of "Auricular Confession.". (Loud applause.) The confessions made by the people of Judea and Jerusalem were public confessions and in no sense in favour of " Auricular Confession." Pablio confession was some times praotised in the early ohnroh as testified by the fathers : but secrot Aurioular Oonfes Bion waB nnknown. The duty of confessing or acknowledging sin, is maintained by all parties. It was commanded in the book of Numbers. But private sacramental confes sion to a priest with a view to judicial absolu tion finds no support in Scripture. Hear what John Ohryeostom, an ancient Christian writer, has to sav on the snbiect. " For this reason," he says, " I entreat, and beseech, and pray yon, to confess continu ally to God. For I do not bring thee into the theatre of thy fellow-servants, nor do I com pel thee to discover thy sins to men. Uncover your conscience to God and show him thy woundB, and seek a oure from him." Ground- less, indeed, then is the system of Auricular Confession, All the texts that oan be adduced in its favour, from the Old Testament, relate to the public acknowledgment of sin. (Ap plause.) I oannot accept Auricular Confession, as a divine institution, because it is an infringe ment on the perogatives of Gcd. The prieBt, in the Confessional ia regarded aa God, or God's representative. How can that man be resisted who to force one to obey and serve him, oan entice by the offer of Paradise, or frighten by the terrors of hell 1 The oonfes- sor employs an influence direct as well as indirect. He knows to a great extent the secrets of every Oatholic family in his parish. The daaghter tells him what she would not tell her own mother, the wife whispers into his ear what she would not tell her huBband to save her life. Id this way, he is the con fidant of the most secret thoughts, and this confidence he can, aye and very often does turn to anything but a good account. I oannot accept the confessional as a divine institution, beoause it is immoral in its character and results. The word of God tells us that evil communications oorrupt good morals." Sin and sin only is the sub ject of conversation between the priest and the penitent. All mortal sins, with their aggravating circumstances, must be detailed in the privacy of the Confessional. Treatises on the nature of sin have been composed by Liguori, Dens, and others — treatises so pol luted and filthy, that moral degradation must of necessity follow their study. (Load applaase.) The examination of conscience, found in most Roman Oatholio prayerbooke, and pre scribed for the direotion of the laity, iB full of the moBt obscene suggestions. Little or nothing, I may say, is known about the immorality of the confeesionaf even amongst Roman Catholics themselves, as a body. Priestp, for good reasons will try to hush matters up, and the laity, who happen to fall, will seldom compromise themselves. I do not exaggerate, when I say, that the very worst oaseB of immorality known to me had their origin in the confessional. The fault to my mind does not rest so muoh with either priests or people as with the diabolical nature of the institution, which forces men and women into the very occasions of sin, under pretext of salvation. All are bonnd to go to confession onoe a year, and woe betide the man who neglects this duty. The P.P. de nounces him as a blaok sheep, and holds bim np to the ridicnle and contempt of the whole parish, and should he die in that state the rights of Christian bnrial are denied him. (Cheers.) The kingdom of Sardinia, in the year 1850, passed the Siooaidi Laws, to declare amongst other things that the R.C. Oiergy should bs amenable in temporal matters, to the same tribnnal as the laity. Soon afterwards one of the ministers of state was taken ill, and having applied for the rites of bis church, was refused them, because he wonld not sign a document to the effect that he had done wrong in the part he had taken in pas sing those laws, and thus he died. Have you not had similar examples of clerical tyranny here in Sydney, not so many years ago ? Jesus Christ by His death opened the gates of heaven to fallen man. The priests of Rome shut them with their keyB, and bind men again nnder a onrse. They forge fetters for the feet, and manacles for the hands of their dupes, and thus bound and . blindfolded they are forced to sacrifice their manhood and intelligence at Rome's idola trous shrines. (Cheers.) I shall not offend your ears, or moral sensibility, with a recitation of the many shocking oases of immorality that cams under my own notice, in connection with the confessional, dnring the many years that I spent as a priest in tbe ohuroh. Go into the churches in Sydney, and ex amine for yourBelveB the confessional boxes. You will find, if -Iain not muoh mistaken, that the priest and penitent are kept apart by a stroDg partition of boards and an iron grating. You will naturally ask, why an much caution? I answer, why are _ bears, lions, and other wild animals confined in iron oages ? Why are ferocious dogs muzzled? (Loud and continued applause.) An answer ie not required. Examples o£ the baneful influence of the confessional, on the morals of the people, are not hard to find. Go into the Magdalen Asylum ; go intn particular wards in the hospitals ; go out into the publio streets, and you will find in almost every instance the wordB of Father Nugent, of Liverpool, verified, viz. — that of the whole nnmber four-fifths are Roman OatholicB. You need not be shookod at the statement. _ How oould it be otherwise? When to teach - ohildren the duties of the confessional bcks the most immoral are placed in thir hands. (Cheers.) If you consult history it will tell you that many of the Popes, the infallible ? teaohers were the most immoral monsters that ever cursed the earth with their presence. Dots not Cardinal Baronius tell us that the world has never seen anything comparable to the impurities and unmentionable vices of a great < nuinher of popes. (Loud applause.) The prooeedinge closed with a vote of thanks to the lecturer, moved by the Rev. E. D. Madg- wick, and seconded by Rev. J. Macanlay, and ' a similar compliment was paid to the ohair-, r man. 