CURRENT NEWS. Seoveral important tenders are invited by alvertisemeut, The P.M. Sunday-school picnic, will be .hld at Tomnago on Boxing. flay. Bush fires are burning on Bygoloreo, Lake Cawal, Euglo;. and North Coudobolin sta tions. The Innamincka; steamer, well known in. the Illawarra coal trade, beat the Barcoo and -Warrimoo in a steam race from' Sydney to Melbourno. The miners emplbyed in the Coalvillo Col liery in South Gippsland, have been locked out owing to their refusal to accept a re duced hewing rate. Six hundred and twenty-four anecrs of Crown lauds at Pieton were taken upat, the local land offico by four selectors on TheIrs day, the total receipts being £76 10s. " 'lrho Ienior Cadet Corps will parade sdith its band this afternooni on Arnott's Green, at 3.30. A full muster is requested, it being the last parade of the year. An area of 8000 acres more of the omarn long Estate was sold last week to Tasmanian farmers, nmaluinglT4,000 acres of this valhible estati now under TasmaniaRps The first city appeal court against the: water supply assessment were held yesterday., when all the assessments were confirumed in the absence of the appellants. Bush fires have been raging between GOir rumbone and Jervis Bay during the last thleoe days, and a large quantity of the .fencing: and ar building, with its 'contents, have been burnt. A four- roomed house, owned by J. Trelicz,, a miner, was burned to the groiind at Broken Hill on Thursday. The damage doine amounted to over £100. The place was totally uninsured. In No. 2 Jury Court on Thursday, Anna IMaria Kirk sought to recover damages from -Alfred Edward Manning for breach of pro mise of marriage.' A verdict was entered by consent for £250 damages. All the cases set down for hearing before the Central Criminal Court having been dis- posed of, MIr. Acting Justice Murray form- ally took his seat in the Court on Thursday,. and adjourned it sine die. Diphtheria is spreading fast in the Con dobolin district. Uhildrcn are being brought. in from the country daily. Another death,. occurred in Mr. Cobden's family on Thurs day. This makes the third, death within a week. n obert Grittle, 12 years old, while bathing with other boys in Middle Harbour, Sydney,. got.boyond his depth and was drowned. The bJicy was subsequently recovered and con vcyed to the mortuary at the North Syduney Hospital. The regular fortnightly meeting of the Labour and Protectionist-... Parliamentary Lcague was held at the .Rouse Hotel last. evening, and an animated discussion took place on one of the statutes regarding land lords and tenants. Enquirer.--You certainly ought to take steps against neighbours who persist in draining awvay soapsuds into their neigh bour's yard, especially when they are too lazy to carry them to the nearest drain, only a few yards off. In the Police Court yesterday a sailor named Petrick Kelly was fined £5, and £1 7s 6h costs, or two months' imprisonment, ,for having assaulted the cook of the ship Fox ilove when the vessel was leaving South America in Octoberlast. At a meeting of citizens at Armidale on. Wednesday it was rqsolved that the Governor and Lady Jersey having accepted the invita tion to be present at the time of the show in February next, arrangements shbould be made for giving them a suitable welcome. The Coroner hlcd a magisterial inquiry yesterday touching the death of David Hughes, age 66, miner, who suddenly dropped dead in the bar of the Islington Hotel on the prcevious afternoon. A verdict of death fronm heart disease was returned. \- At the Richmond Police Court on Wednes- . day, P. M. Baker, late registrar of the Hawkesbury Agricultural College, was charged with obtaining money by means of falso pretences by giving a valueless cheque... He was committed for trial, bai being allowed. An effort was made at Broken' Hill on Thursday to dispose by public auction of a piece of land' at the corner of Argent and Oxide streets, known as Moore's Corner. The attefidance was large. £21 per foot was the lhighest offered, hnd the auctioneers announced that the reserve was £30 per foot. • For the second time St. Mnatthew's Sundayn schoolbuilding, Albury, has received a visi tation from thieves.. On the first occasion only a few shillings were obtained, but on: Thursday, whemn the school was again forcibly entered, the sum of' between £5.;and £6 was, abstracted from the collection boxes. A lecture is announced .to? take pIlace at Lambton on Monday evening by the Rev. T-. Davies in aid of the "Broken Hill Family Relief Fund. The lectureis uuder the aes pices of the District Lodge of the I:O.G.Ti, anrid is to be held in the Star Theatre. The, subject is 'f The story of C. H! Spurgeon. ' The Cortimal Colliery has, as.we stated at few issries ago (says the Tllawoarra lfMeury), changed hands, having been taken over by ir. Yuill, representing the Adelaide Slhipping Company. Mi r.Pringle se'ers his connectibn. with the colliery at the end of the year, and Mtr. Crowvther, the present undorgrounel manager, will then have charge.. The conferenceo of Riverina municipalities, which met to consider thie.District GOeern ment Bill, finished its deliberations on Thurs day. It -was decided to represent to the Government that the conditions -of Riverina. ',ere such as to require that it should be - divided only into boirough and shire nunici pal districts, being unworkable for geo- graphical reasons. Great preparations are being made at Mosquito Island to celebrate the breaking up of the Public School for the Christmas vaca- tion. The Postmaster-General,. with Mr. and Mrs. Melville, will be present on the occasion. Various prizes are to be contested. for among which is a cow presented by Mr. Turnor, sen., to be run for in heats. In the District Court case. Russell and Company v. Burwood Coal Conmpany, heard yesterdayin which the plaintiffs sued for the recovery of £123,15s, alleged to be due as the balance of an, account for work done, verdict was given for the defendants on a plea that the phlintiffs' estate had been sequestered after the accruing of the alleged claim. bhe A,rmidael. B.rjess says that it has re ceived comnplaints from fruit-growers in that. distnrict to the effect that their cases have been opened and fruit taken therefrom oni their. transit to markokt. The infonmnants lay no blamne whatevor on the Armidalo railway officials. The hope is eatpressed that the Comnmissioners will cause ian inquiry to be made into the subject, as it is a matter that. affects one of the district's best industries. Mr. C. Dulthrio writes :-I am instructed by the Cardiff Progress Assoc:iation to- con tradiot a statement which appeared in your issue of tlhe 1st December, under the heading of the Wollsend Cotncil news, viz, '' that the people were dividedl as to what road should be made, as they are unaniunously in favour of the road being made from the Lamhton iand Charlestown road over the overhiead bridge into Qardiff by bridge o?ei Widieg Cre 4'," The steamer Ethel will tlkeo a band of ex c-ursionists to Tomnago on Boxing Day. The annual picnic of the Wickhamn P.D. Church will taks place in Fleming's paddock on January 26th. The usual arnouncements regarding to morrow's religious services will be found in •our advertising columns. A grand sacred cantata "A Daughter of Moab," will be produced in the Wesleyan ,Church on Wednesday night, l21st inst.. . The deputation representing the Waverloy M]unicipal Council was introduced- to the. Minister for Justice on WVednesday. by Mr.! Neild, M.P., and asked for assistance in fencing and making roads in. theo iewly purchased portion of tihe cemnetery. Mr. O'Connor said that lhe was of opiniopi that the couucil was entitled to assistance in the matter. . 1:. Thomas COmpbell, who lof i Sydney come weeks ago with a batch' of 'unemployed :in search of work, somo ,of. whom went into the Bungonia district as harvesters, is now prospecting with two others in the Shoalhaven district. The' party intend giving the locality a thorouwh overhauling, unless starved out. Up to the present they have obtairied a little gold, but not sufficient to pay for tucker. The annual distribution of prizes in connec tion with the Bolton-strec, Public School took place yesterday forenoon, and was a great success, the school-room being crowded by tfle parents and friends of the children. The Mayor (Mr. J. Rodgers) made the presenta tions, which were numerous and handsome. In the afternoon.a splendid treat in tlhe'way of fruits, sweets, &e.;, was provided for the pupils. The schooner Sir Henry arrived at Wollon gong on Wednesday from New Zealand with a portion of the plant intended for use by Hungerford and Mackay, the contractors for the harbour inprovements. Several men are now employed on Winding Island, at the mouth of Lake Illawarra, in connection with the proposed lake harbour. The provisions of the bill make it' necessary that tihe opera tions should be commenced before the expira tion of the present year. A letter was re:ad at the Numba Council meeting, on Thursday, from the Mayor of Broken Hill, sbliciting subscriptions for the unemployed there. It was decided that the council clerk should inform the Mayor of Broken Hill, '" That, in consideration of the ratepayers, this municipality, believing the distress to have been caused by the strike, and such being detrimental to the progress of the colony, cannot take part in the raisingof a fund for such an object." At the meetiuig of the YWallond minors last evening, Messrs. Tobias Cummings, William Bower, W. Rfodenbury, and D. Thomas were elected members of the com mittee for the ensuing -six months. Mr. Samuel Holmes was re-elected cheek- inspc? tor. Regarding the delegate minute as to the Gartlee men, the same was rejected, showing that.thle YWallsend men are 'in favour of paying the Gartlee men strike pay. A discussion took place relative to the general agreement. It was considered ad visable to defer the ballot till the men had an opportunity of studying the agreement. It was decided to postpone the meeting till next Wednesday. Mr. Alfred Sharp writes:-If the ghost of Tennyson should ever revisit this mundane sphere he will indulge in so much weeping and gnashing of tooth at the extraordinary liberties taken with reprhets of his poems that he will fancy himself in purgatory. Take his latest poem, and in some respects his grandest one, "Crossing the Bar." WYhen first published in Sydriey and Mhdlbourne the second and third lines, in the second verse were rendered into nonsense in consequence of altering the word "moving" into "snoring." The 1r'siilcrian, a clerical paper published in Sydney, twhich ought to know better, goes still further in its mutila tion of those two unfortumate lines and makes them out thus:-" But such a tide as mornisg seems asleep, too full of sound and foam." 'Can utter .nonsense go firther? The correct word. of the original are: "But such a tide as moving seems asleep, too full for sound or foam "-which is simply a poetical rendering of the adage, "Still waters run deep." Mr. Natlhn Helrman's farewell sale will eontinule seven days longer. or. Alfred Asher will sell at Dudley, on Saturday, 2ith inst., at 10.30, Irs. HIodgson's furniture; also, wooden house and allotment. Mr. J. M. itooke will sell to-day and during the week, at his mart, toys for Christmas presents. Mr'. J. C. Bonrilus will sell at noon to-day, at his rooms, a building allotmnent in the county of Gloucester. Mr. T. Alnwick will, at 4 o'eclock to- day, sell at Frew's Great Northern Hotel the right of gates at the Wallsend races. Mr. Arthur Tighe will sell on Tuesday, 20th inst., at 2 o'clock, at llunniford's stables, Lower Chirch street, horees, easts, drays, and other vehicles. Mr. George T..Edwards will sell at 11 o'clocl: to day,at his mart, fuarniture and sundries. At noon, at his alerooms, ponies, sulky, andharness. To-day, at 3 o'cloek, on tihe premiuses, two allotments at WViekham, with galvanised iron workshop. At 3 o'clock on Monday, 1ith instant, block in Laman street, with two-itorey brick residence thereon. On Wednesday, 21st, at 2 o'clock; at VWheeler's hotel, Hexham, 70 head cattle. Messrs. Creer and Berkeley will sell, at 11 o'clock to-diy, at their rooms, large quantity of gold and silver jewllery. At 3 o'clock to-dayat their rooms, allotment in Dunbar-sticet, Stockton. To-day, at 3 o'clock, on the property, ten-roomed residence front ing Ml'Cormack-street. At 3 o'clock on Thursday, 22nd instant, on the property, land with brick resi dence thereon at Cirest-street, Adamstown') also, three allotments. On Thursday, 22nd instant, at 11 o'clock, at their roomns, large iuantity of groceries, stirits and teas. 01 Saturday, "1th instant, at 2 oclook, on the ground, a four-roomed cottage at Sam don- street, Hamuilttn Park. For private sale, "Mat vern," on the Hill. 