MI6SI0NABY MEETING. In keeping with tbe custom observed by tho president, the Rev. G. C. Grubb, M.A., at tbe close of each convention, a missionary meeting was held yesterday at 10-30 a.m. at the Albert HalL The president spoke at length ou the words of Jesua Christ to the young ruler, 41 Take up thy Cross and follow Mc.' The young ruler (Mr Grubb said), in hid interview wih Christ, came to the struggle of his life — tha 1 Ihe objeel of the present meeting was to afford those who had received bier sing during the convention to give practical proof by yielding np their all to Christ in the spirit ? f ? the Crosa. With respect to the Eon of God taking up the Cross, it meant for Him— I . That there was a moment io the past eternity, when, in obedience to the Father's will, He undertook the schemc of redemption. 2. He was baptised into death by the overshadowiog of the Holy Ghost, and from the momuit of His baptism He began to die to human learning, intcHcc tualism, fine arguments. 3. Jesus Christ got His Cross by testifying to tbe world and the Church that their de* de were evil. The cost of the CroiB meant the salvation of the world. Christ wa6 tho Saviour of the world and crose* bearers were to be the present saviours. God had only one 600, and he made Him a mis sionary. Mrs Millard afterwards addressed the meeting claiming the world for Chritt. She spoke of her missionary experiences in China, and forcibly impressed from various passages of Scripture the duty of Christians to save tho perishing heathen. The llev. John Watford then delivered an affecting address, many of the audience bciDg intensely moved as he recounted 6cenes ot his experiences as a musionarv 40 veers aero in the Fiji Islands. In response to the chairman's invitation, a large number of persons s'ood up in the hal1, bearing silent testimony that they were ready to take up the Cross and go wh re God should guide them. Fervent prayer was offered by various ministers during the meeting, and the sing ing, led by the choir, was greatly inspiriting, j 