THE ? FBEEES AST'S VROVQO&ABX.; Q By The Fianeur. HADEM AND AZIMj '-: TEE NEW INNOCENTS ABROAD, Solomon declared that even in hia time the number of fools was infinites and certainly tLere ia no sign o£ the race thinning out to-day. Proof oE this is made public week after week ; the latest Bubject turning tap in the ohape of a young man from the Richmond River country who landed here with eight ;31 notes in hia pocket ia order to revel m tne gaieties ok city lite. His revel was short, in fact it never began, for he was met on the wharE by two most agreeable strangers, who kindly took him in hand and pointed out that since the bogus banks had fallen in notes were reckoned as nothing ; but out of compassion for hia innocence they would take him to a bank of their own where his little paper pile could be turned into nice shiny sovereigns. Mr. Verdant Green was delighted with his new friends' polite ness and consideration for his youth and sim plicity, and so he gave them his treasure and agreed to wait on the kerbing while they went in the front door of some building, and, of coursp, out at the back one. Possibly if he had read hie Freeman before leaving home he would have fought shy of our agreeable strangers, but I will comment no further on this, for the Sheik has something to say on the fool subject, and the young man from the Eichmond has grown tired of waiting. To the Sheik Muatapbs, Bagdad. The Spirit of Wisdom be with you all, for verily her aid is sorely needed in the world to-day. £f all wen wise perhaps the world would not be much better than it; ia, bat still the fools are a aore trouble) j for one never knows how to deal with them. Whe;- I you expect them to do one thing they straightway ?do another, and at times their sheer stupidity enables them to defeat even a rogue's cunning, at least, for a time. Bear with me and I will repeat a story 1 once reed in the Book of Sadi. Once upon a time seven simpletons while doing the ' Sundowner's March' came to a big puddle -? of rainwater in the road. Seeing the clouds : .reflected Has below, they concluded the water was very deep and feared they would drown. But the '''eldest simpleton acid :— ' Let ua £o?m a line, each holding the girdle of the man in front;. I will go first, leap as far as I can, and do you others Follow me.' So they all leaped and got aafely through. after being covered- with mud Itoib head to foot. Then it suddenly occurred to the eldest simpleton that one o? the number had been drowned in the paddle. So he counted three times, but as he left himself out each time the number was oia only, and all were much dismayed and perplexod. Presently a very wise man camo up, to whom they told their trouble. And he, seeing a way to 1 ' profit by their foolishness, promised to restore the missing simpleton if all agreed to work a year and a day for him without payment, to which they all gladly consented. On this the wise man, taking a betel nut, cut it in seven Blicea and told the simpletons to count the pieces, which they did, and behold there were seven. Then t° each man be gave a piece and asked, ' How can ye be six, when to each I have given befcel, and lo, ? there sre sevea pieces ? I have restored your missing brother.' Then the men wondered greatly, and saying, ' This must ba the Prophet or Pahkes, or some other mighty ghost-raising ,geni,' they began to toil for their wise benefac ' tor. But the labour o? fools in a trial to the wise, j for you con neves? tell how they will act, aad cheap goods are o£fcea the deareat in the encl. The simpletons' first task was the hav-veating of the winter rice, and when they asked the wiae man where they should put the sheaves, he, being occupied with other uhingo, said, ' Oh, aok the old woman, and put them where she tells you.' But the old woman waa busy cooking in the yard when they cama iu, and r-o she shouted, ' Bother you and your bundles ! Put them on my head !*' Immediately they did so, and the dinner wbb spoiled, and the old woman smothered, and the sheaves burnt. And when the wise man began to rage over the loss of his dinner and his sheaves (the old woman didn't count), the simple tons meekly aoked why he was angry with them ?or merely obeying orders. The wise man, seeing there was no 'get away' from this, told them t° go and busy the old woman in the bush. So they made a sledge of bamboo3s and putting the old woman on it, started off like the wind, so as to get home quickly to supper, for the fool loves to fill hia stomach, perhaps by way of making up for the emptiness of his head. The simpletons tore along so fast that the old woman was thrown off hhe sledge, but this was not noticed by the simple tons until they had a grave dug aad were ready to hoiotthe body in. Discovering fcheir loss, they siid, ' This was a very wioked old woman, for her husband orders for 'ier to be baried and just out of pure cu? sednes^ she cocne3 to lifa again and runs away. What are ;?e to do now P' Looking round they nevr e,nofcher )ld woman herding cattle, and as they could not j;o home to supper without obeying orders and burying some old woman, they buried her in spite of her screams and struggles ; remarking that a hot supper wa^ something, but an old woman was nothing much here or there, and beside?, orders must be literally obnyed. And bo they went home fcold the wise man all that they had done, and eat eaough food to satisfy a regiment of the Sultan's sjldiera. Nesfc day the wise man told the seven . illihius to go and plough above the great banyan ttve — meaning higher up the hill. But they, keeping to the letter of the oj?der, set; to work con scientiously to haul the oxaa and ploughs into the top of the tree with ropes and plough the air above the tree. But the ropeG broke and the oxen were killed, whereupon the fools said, ' We have done our level best, but fate is against our master.' And they went home and told the wise ?nan all. But he cursod them with fiery words that measured 7ft. Gin. from tip to tail, and called them a lot of Damascus fools, bub they merely smiled sadly ancl pleaded they had only done as they were told. Many othes things did these simpletons do, al ways playing perdition with the wiso men or hie property, but alwaya in Btrict accordance with ordera, rantil at last the master shouted, ' By the great Bugaboo, I can stand these foola no longer. The servant that robs, and lies, and stands in on commission with the traders ig not half «*b bad as tho man that attends strictly to orders only.'* Accordingly he told the seven simpletons that he wanted c- canoe cut out of a cedar tree, ' but,' said he, ' if the tree falls it will break, for you must select a very large one, so when ye see the tree tottering, run all of ye underneath and re ceive it on your shoulders do that ye may let ib :iown easy.' This they did, and all were squashed flat and killed except the youngest simpleton, who not being old enough to become a thorough fool, stood to receive the trunk which w&3 kept off the ground by the far-spreading branches. And he, seeing his brothers dead, waB possessed with rage, and taking up the axe cut che wise man's head off ; which proves that even a single simpleton ia a match for a wise man if he have bub an axe in his hand and a chance to get in the first good blow, i That, friend MaBtapha, is the tale I once read, and certainly the author made no mistake in pointing' out how very dangerouo a fool is by reason of his exceeding great folly, and, at :tiuies, by the mayvellon3 manner in which he blunders into sound sense and amartness. Azitn and thy brother Ali have had sore prooS of this iu a lesson taught by that otrange simpleton, Lord John Neeraw. While in the far-ofi cifcy called London, we heard much talk g£ the great riches of the mines in Australia, and purchased shores in one to the value of .£1000. On landing here we saw and heard enough to make no believe that wehadbeen deceived, and that there was no more treasure ia our mine than in the sands of the Gse&b; Sahara. Then we met the simple young English Lord, and thy brother said to Azim, secretly, ' Lo, nhose London rogues put up a nect little job on us ; let us pass it on to their countryman. He is looking for colonial experi ence, and we have a nice large chunk to place at his disposal. It will be good for him and bettor for ouraelve3.' That nighb we showed the letters we had received booming up the mine, to the young Lord, and s-9ked him if he knew the writers — Lord Hawke, Earl Rooke, etc. He said he did, and as they were all clever men he congratulated us on being on a sure way of securing a fortune. Stcing that the fiah was nibbling at our hook, we pleaded that we were inexperienced strangers in a strange land, and couldn't tell golden quartz frnm gravel, and much more to the same effect. The result was that we hooked the fish at last (as we thought) andjglcdly handed over all our scrip for .5500, and then thanked Allah that we had been landed go gently after all. Thia week the workers have 'struck it rich,' as they term it here, and Lord Neeraw has just 3old his .£500 worth of paper for .-25000 ! Nest to being a born fool the worst that can happen to a man is | to be overstocked with wisdom. Allah keep ye I all from having too much of that, and send com- j fosfc to the wise fool. SHEIK ALI BEN HADEM. 