CONCERNING OURSELVES. Since the advent of the Methodist but a short period of time has elapsed ; it has, nevertheless, been sufficient to show that the alteration then effected has commended itself to our people, in city and country alike. Our circulation has been well-nigh trebled ; and, although, by the reduction of cost, we had to sub mit to a reduction of size, yet on that sjore we have heard no complaints, and we have had many testimonies as to the .general acceptance of the paper in the families of many of our subscribers. For this we are very thankful. At the s line time, we are persuaded that it is possible largely to increase the circula tion ; and that, not so much by paid canvassers, as by the good words and kindly recommendations of those who wish us well. We are not on our trial, the paper has passed its tentative stage, but we are anxious to see it yet move thoroughly established as an agent of the Methodist Church in this colony for : the diffusion of Christian truth. Let it be borne in mind that the ? paper does not exist simply as a com x-mercial speculation. Ic is true that it has to be conducted on business principles, or it would cease to exist, but it does not exist as a money ?j making concern. It exist primarily, -and before all things else, in the in 1 terests of religion, and it is, and must 7-be devoted to the spread of Christian .principles in this land. Sometimes it seems as if there was but little room rfor religious and denominational papers. The secular papers are so numerous and : so full of news which directly bears upon the wants of our every day life, that religious papers seem almost ? crowded out in the struggle for exist ? ence. We do not, however, exist in any ? way as rivals to the secular pres^. We 'have not the means to do so, and, if we i'had, we have not the desire. Our one ? aim and object is to serve our Great Master, and to promote the interests ? of that Kingdom, which is ' not meat ;and drink, but righteousness, peace, ? and joy in the Holy Ghost.' If in this, wfi have in anv wav succeeded, we are thankful to God, and our constituency ; and if we have not succeeded, we must ? confess to a miserable and lamentable failure. But whether we have succeeded' or not, so far as the present editors are concerned, we can honestly say that we ?have had a high and unselfish ideal be : fore us. Perhaps this may seem too apologetic. If it is, it is not intended to be. We wish simply to place before our people the broad grounds of our ex : istenee, and on those grounds to urge a plea for sympathy, support, and ex -tended circulation. We do not for one moment expect to please everybody, and sometimes we may unwittingly offend our best friends. But whatever we may be is a matter of comparatively small moment, and our term of office expires almost immediately. Before retiring, however, we do earnestly desire to see the paper placed on a basis of sure prosperity, and with a growing con stituency we hope that it may become a power for God and His Church in this fair colony. We are glad to welcome back the Rev. Joseph Spence after his twelve months' absence from us. Mr. Spence has had a most enjoyable and profi table holiday. He has visited England, Scot land, Ireland, the Continent, and, as our readers will remember, spent some time in America du-ing the sessions of the Methodist Ecumenical Council. Mr. Spence has made the best use of his eyes and ears during his travels, and has returned full of facts and ideas. His observation of the working of Methodism in the old country and in America ought, particularly, to be valu able to us out here. Best of all, Mr. Spence's health, which for some time before his trip was very indifferent, is now thoroughly restored. He says he was never better in his life, and his looks confirm it. We trust there are many years of service before Mr. Spence in connection with this Confer ence, in which .the church may have the benefit of his ability and experience. The ignorance and obtuseness of church keepers in respect to the ventila tion of the buildings under their care, has been a subject of sore complaint from time immemorial. It has often seemed to the much-suffering minister and congregation as if these officials had a design to kill off one half of the worshippers by means of cold draughts, and stifle the remainder by poisoned air. A writer in a medical journal accounts for the circumstance in this way : — ' But what kind of person do we ordin arily employ to cleanse, warm, and ven tilate our churches 1 Is it not the case that the church officer is very frequently a man who, having failed at half-a-score ordinary occupations, is foisted into his office by some sympathetic patron be cause every other resource has been ex hausted ? A man of this class would be just as likely to make a successful prime minister as a successful church-keeper. So far is it from being the case that the workman who has failed at every other occupation is likely to make a good enough churchkeeper, that only the very best and most intelligent of work men are in any sense fit for such an office.' We have just now a number of native teachers staying in Sydney. A band which arrived from Fiji, under the care of the Rev. W. A. Burns, are waiting to proceed to the new mission to re-inforce the staff of workers there. The Rev. R. H. Rickard has also arrived from New Britain, bringing with him the Rev. Aminio Bale, and a youth who is proceeding to the Native Training Insti tion in Fiji. Aminio Bale is the only survivor of the first band of native teachers, who accompanied the Rev. George Brown when the mission to New Britain was undertaken. Now, after some fifteen years of steadfast service, he is returning to his native land. Aminio is one of those whom the church may produce anywhere as a convincing proof of the Apostles' confident declara tions that the Gospel is ' The power of God unto Salvation to everyone that believeth.' His account of his conver sion, given at the Centenary Hall on Sunday evening, electrified the large audience assembled there. And the genuineness of that conversion has been attested by his whole after career. He is only one of a thousand notable cases which our South Seas' Missions furnish. If ever a church was laid under the obli gation to consecrate herself to work in the mission field, by reason of the fruits God has given her there, it is the Metho dist Church in Australia. We are sorry to notice that our con temporary, Glad Tidings, is under, the necessity of saying some very plain words to its subscribers about their failure to pay their subscriptions. It appears there is a large number of doubtful accounts standing upon the books, and that many papers are being sent out, for which there is little pros pect of payment being received. That such a statement should need to be pub lished, is discreditable to tho subscribers concerned, especially as the paper is understood to circulate principally among those who. are specially interested in ' full salvation.' It would seem «to be possible to talk much about the highest experiences of Christianity, and yet ignore the common moralities of life. True, the subscription is but a shilling a year, but the highest authority has told us that ' he that is unjust in the least, is unjust also in much.' Taking up a church paper the other day, we chanced to read that the F. S. M. of the C. M. S. were about to be held. This is a pointed example of the growing tendency to use initial letters in place of the full titles for which they stand. The religious world is multiply ing its societies, and has got into the habit of dignifying them with titles that seem intended to serve as exhaustive descriptions. To the cumbrous lengthi ness of many of these designations we. must attribute the increasing use of initial letters. Life is too short and time too precious to admit of our writing them in full. On the other hand, these abbreviations are becoming so numerous that readers are likely soon to become utterly bewildered among them. Here, for example, is the kind of thing we are coming to : ' A meet ing was recently held in the vrooms of the Y.M.C.A., under the auspices of the W.C.T.U., to consider the elections to the L.C.C. Delegates were present from the L.D.O.S. and the S.S.O.T., also from the W.C.U.,' etc., etc. At this rate the columns of a religious paper will soon look like the pages of a hand-book on chemistry, and to read in telligently we shall lequire to have at our elbow a 'key' to the interpreta tion of these mysterious syllables. The correspondence in the daily papers in reference to filling up the vacant bishopric of Goulburn is making it manifest that there are two clearly defined parties in the Anglican Church in this colony, each jealously watching the other to prevent its obtaining any increase of influence. The controversy as to whether the Bishop should be sought for among the ranks of the colonial clergy or in England appears really to be one whether he shall be a representative of the Low Church or High Church party, and, though this perhaps in a less degree, whether he shall represent the views and aims of the laity or those of the clergy. In the course of the correspondence, reasons have been given for the present un satisfactory position of the Anglican Church in the colony. To us the givat reason seems to be this marked division of spirit and aim. A Church divided against itself cannot be expected to prosper. 