fiecus in Brief. " Brief then-what's the news."-King John, The General Gordon ran the round trip on Wednesday with a good number of pas sengers, returning on Thursday. The trips appear to be growing more popular than ever. In the parish paper published in con nection with St. Jude's, Randwick, the Rev. W. Hough, who exchanged with Rev G. D'Arcy-Irvine some little time ago, writes in a pleasant strain of his visit to Windsor, and speaks of the kindness with which he was treated. No end of annoyance and inconvenience were caused in Windsor through the public offices being closed two days this week, to suit the ends of a few people in Penrith. On Wednesday evening the representative of a Sydney firm expected an important com munication, and was considerably riled to find that there was no delivery. He tore round for a brief space, and then calmly sat down and hurled fierce and malignant oaths at the devoted heads of the Ministry, the cricketers, post-office officials, and at public holidays generally. An amusing case was heard at the Rich mond Police Court last Thursday. A well known local identity-one Denny Woolfe who hails from the Emerald Isle, sued Al derman Kelly for damage caused by Kelly's horse breaking through his fence. Upon being asked by the Bench how he knew it was defendant's horse which did the damage, Denny replied, " Shure, and no other horse but Bill Kelly's would break down a fence at all, at all-and he told him to do it, your honor." Verdict for defendant. The directors expect to have the butter factory in full working-order in the courst of six weeks or so. The directorate is a strong one, and comprises seven practical and level-headed men. At the last meeting of shareholders in the above, Mr. W. Baldwin offered to keep 100 cows milking and supply the butter factory, if four other shareholders would do tbe That ought to be good enough. Mr. W. Alexander is away on a holdiday, and is having an enjoyable time fishing, &c.;, at Corowa. No Police Court on Tuesday-all on ac count of a cricket match out of town, in fact out of our district. This holiday craze might have been the means of keeping some poor unfortunate locked up longer than he should be. This is where the injustice of the affair comes in-the absurdity is ap parent. Mr. R. Forrester, whilst passing through a gully at Kurrajong, the other day, was bitten on the leg by a snake. He applied the usual bush antidote, viz, turpentine, which he rubbed vigorously to the affected spot, and took a dose internally, with the result that he is now none the worse for his adventure. Mr. Forrester believes that part of th« virus was absorbed by the thick ness of the trousers, or the bite would have proved more serious. Bob says that of over 100 varieties of these slimy reptiles with which he is acquainted, only two are really dangerous-the black and the tiger species. Rev. B. Rhodes has just returned from Melbourne, and reports that things com mercially are in a very bad way over the border, and business men are complaining bitterly. | The regular sitting of the Windsor Small Debts Court will be held on March 9th. Plaints must be filed with the Registrar on or before March 2. It is to be hoped that early in the present Municipal year an effort mil be made to repair George-street. Improvements might also be effected in McQuade Park. Why not remove that glittering structure from Thompson Square, called, for want of a better name perhaps, a pavilion, to the Park? Mr. David Moore, who kept a boarding house at the comer of George and Catherine streets, has left Windsor for fresh fields and pastures new. The premises will shortly be opened in the grocery line. Mr. McCartney, late licencee of the Fitzroy Hotel, left town on Monday, with his family. Mr. J. Gough is again in charge. The public would be glad to see that well-known and popular boniface re main in the old house. Mrs. Keogh died on Sunday last. De ceased was about during the day as usual. She partook of dinner and died shortly afterwards. Is it futile to move again in the matter of a weekly holiday ? If this boon cannot be secured, something should be done to induce business men to close at 6 p.m., at least during the winter months. There is very little business done after that hour, and there is the heavy item of gas to be considered. By so-doing they would allow j their employees time for a little recreation1 and mutual improvement. Mr. W. Sullivan, of Richmond, has sent along a copy of the Australian Almanac for 1830, and in a paper on the waterways of Australia, the following passage occurs: " At present we know of no stream so valuable to us as the Hakwesbury River, which is discharged into Broken Bay, whence it is navigable, at all seasons, for brigs of 150 tons, to the distance of 45 miles." The authorities of the present day do not appear to place much value on the Hawkesbury. We are informed that it is not the in tention of the authorities connected with the Windsor Wesleyan Circuit to close the local parsonage and procure the services of a minister from Sydney every week. The rumour was bruited abroad, but there is no truth in it. It is time that that sub-way was con structed at the Railway-station. One day last week two accidents of a serious character were narrowly averted. The ex penditure will not be great, and at the same time the authorities will be able to extend the platform, another very desirable work. It is stated that Mr. Peter Kemp, the ex-champion, has some [idea of contesting the Hawkesbury at next election. " It's only as we've been told, and we tell it unto you." The Aborigines have the right to shoot game on public or private property-and some of the sportsmen along the river are never tired of wishing that they were born with sable skins, as ducks are now very plentiful. Wiseman's Ferry folk say that although Mr. T. A. Dibbs is looked upon as a great financier, his performance in connection with their church will not cast fresh honors upon him. The Windsor Borough Council has exactly £650 2s lid arrears of rates on its books. A pretty btate of things, truly. Charlie Harden is getting up a billiard toiiynament, which is to come off shortly. A wealthy American gentleman, just from the land of Stars and Stripes, is on a visit to Fairfield. The business of the "Windsor Borough Council came to an abrupt termination on Monday evening, upon the Mayor discover ing that the necessary declaration had not been made by the valuators before making their assessment. During the discussion which followed it transpired that this section of the Act which requires that a solemn declaration shall be made has been consistently ignored, and it was only upon very rare occasions that such declaration has been made. « Jim" Rowthorn says that had he, as a an officer of the Windsor Borough Council, neglected to make the necessary declaration before performing the duties of such office, they would have given him six months without the option. Two delegates from the Tanners and Curriers' Association visited Mr» R. W. Cobcroft's tannery this week to ask for the eight-hours' concession for the men. Mr. Cobcroft asked for time for consideration, and subsequently various proposals were made by both, the employer and the employes. Mr. Cobcroft and the men showed themselves prepared to act on the give-and-take principle, and the matter will no doubt be satisfactorily settled. A recent return of the large areas held by private owners in N.S.W., shows that the Hon Henry Moses, M.L.C. has 41,649 acres of leasehold land in his possession. Dan O'Connor in the Council:-" The Hon Member, Mr. W. Walker, said Sir George Gray was a humbug." Mr. Walker: "So he is." Mr. W. H. B. PiddTngton has returned to Windsor after six weeks' holiday in Tas mania and Victoria. There is now being exhibited in Mr. J. Chandler's shop, George-street, an illumin ated address which is to be presented to Mr. C. W. Gambrill, formerly of this town, well-known and much respected. It is iHgignpfl and illuminated in the best style by Messrs. John Sands and Co., Sydney, and has a water- colour view of the Church at the bottom of address. _ The whole is secured in a very pretty white enamel and gold frame. A good deal of slight sickness is about just now. Nearly every second person one meets is suffering from a cold, owing to the ohanges of temperature in the weather we have been having lately. Mr. J. Mahoney, of Pitt Town, has had a wonderful yield of 16 cwt of potatoes from a£ of cwt of seed planted last year. He intends keeping the sample for planting next season again. The new Committee of the Windsor School of Arts have commenced well again. A bare quorum at their first meeting, and the usual business could not be transacted. This trouble could be obviated simply by doubling the number of committeemen. It is noticeable that a greater number of potatoes have left the district this year than last year, and good prices are obtaining. Last season the indispensible spud was a drug in the market. Some attribute this change to Protection-Dibbs' tariff acted as a sort of manure to them. A correspondent asks why the police wear sand-shoes at night, and glide around so noiselessly ? He shrewdly suspects that they were the ghosts which scared a man almost to death in George-street a little time back. Perhaps they are afraid of waking the baby-or is it a Departmental move in the direction of retrenchment ? Amongst the prizes offered by the H.D. A.A. is one for the best model for a farm pate. The farm-gates around this district want re-modelling badly- especially those on the Lower Hawkesbury-and lie is a model man who refrains from letting off anathemas after having had to open a few of them-which, by the way, are mostly slip*rail«. It appears that the lamplighter is in structed not to light the town at full moon. It sometimes happens that at this phase of moon the sky is overcast, and the night is very dark. All the same, the lamplighter carries out his instructions to the letter, and we are frequently with lamp or moon light. A couple of marriages took place in Windsor on Wednesday night, when two young Hawkesbury farmers had the nuptial knots tied. Hon W. Walker received a telegram the other day from the manager of the Savings Bank, Sydney, saying that the run on that bank had then stopped, and asking him to make this fact well-known amongst the depositor The Hons. W. Walker and H. Moses voted against the second reading of the Electoral Bill in the Upper House on Tuesday, and it was defeated by 26 to 21 votes. Amongst tbe visitors at the Royal Hotel, Richmond, last week, was Mr. Saunders, Manager of the " Australian Star," who frequently takes a run up to the " loveliest village." The following gentlemen have been gazetted trustees for Richmond Hill Com mon :-Messrs C. W. May, Joseph Scho field, Wm. Smith, Edward Cunneen, H. E. A. Yeo. The old orange-tree in front of Mr. R. Gee's at Central Colo, which is over 80 years of ago, and has grown to a tremen dous height, has this year borne a great crop of fruit. It is believed to be the oldest tree at present bearing in the colony. A party of sportsmen some little time ago visited Upper Colo, and sought per mission, from the owner of a large lagoon, to go there and give the ducks a stirring up. Eventually they paid half-a-sove reign for the privilege, spent the day tramping through the swamp, fired away enough powder to keep a regiment of soldiers for a week, and got-one coot. The district maize crops are affected with smut, and samples are to be sent to the Department of Agriculture for exami nation. Strange to say, tbe gentleman to whom such samples will be submitted is Professor Cobb-but it is not strange, after all, that Cobb should have some connection with corn. Mr. F. J. Mortley thinks that in order to attract audiences at School of Arts en tertainmhnts they must be absolutely free. Well, yes-a free show seems to take as well in Windsor as it does any where els«. Mr. J. G. Young urges that some effort should be made to procure a new piano for the Windsor School of Arts. He thinks the old instrument anything but an attraction, and says '* music is music -you can't get music out of a barrel organ." It certainly is a dingy old tin pot. The other day an agent for a colonial jam-factory visited several of the river settlements to buy up fruit and vegetables -his instructions being to purchase one ton of fruit to every five tons of carrots. Jam-consumers now know that when they are eating so-called jam its component parts are one of fruit to five of carrots. And yet some people wonder why col onial-made jams are so indifferent in quality. Mr. H. Fitzpatrick, who was a candi date for aldermanic honors in Kempsey municipality last week, was defeated. He secured 113 votes. There were eight candidates, and he secured sixth place on the poll. Rev. T. C. Ewing, rural dean, at one time located at Pitt Town, is said to be contemplating the resignation of the An glican incumbency at Wollongong, after nearly a quarter of a century's tenure. Owing to the holiday on Wednesday, the local land board did not sit, and the result was that several selectore who travelled long distances-some as far as 80 miles - were disappointed. This holiday-craze should be squelched, for it interferes with the business of the departments. We have again had more than one com plaint about the irregular delivery of our Central Colo papers-one subscriber assert ing that he only receives the GAZETTE on an average once out of three times. Mr. Sedgwick, who for some time was a clerk in the local branch of the Bank of N.S.W., has been transferred to Campbell town. A deputation in connection with the pro posed subway at the railway-station will interview the Minister on Thursday next. The Masonic Service to be conducted bv Rev. P. Fitzgerald in the Presbyterian Church to-morrow (Sunday), and will be of a most impressive character. Mr. J. O'Brien has received a communi cation from the Picturesque Atlas Company, in which they agree to settle his claim of £5 for the hire of a horse and vehicle. The Company further offer to bind his books free of cost. Headers will remember that the litigation last week arose out of this matter. An account of a holiday-trip to Lambton will appear in next issue, as also will an interesting paper entitled, " Through lieab and Raiu-ov 600 miles for Experience." 