SIGHTING NOTES, (NV "YIATOK.") Hamlet surprised the touts by the <iasy manner in which he downed tin' higlily-bn-d Hamilton, and as the winner can he improved a lump lie should have a say in something more important iu tbe near future. Hamilton ran wi 11 for most of the journey, but Boyalty will have to shape much better befoio she will pay for her oats. None of the others had the ghost of a show. Etliica quickly settled lier clianee in the hurdles by falling at the second obstacle, but The Actress and Exton fenced in faultless style until the last hurdle when the pair ran off, and Fleet, who was a lon^ way in the rear, followed suit, but Sampton turned liia mount first, and wem easily. Had neither of the leaders ran off 1 think Exton would have beaten the favorite up the straight as the weight v.-as telling on the mare, while Mr. Warren's horse was going well at the time. Football, that jjopuiar winter Bport, is as dead as Julius Caesar in Pirie. This is a deplorable fact, as in consequence the young fellows of the port have no means of spending an enjoyable afternoon, besides providing sport for the general public. A little more energy might be thrown into the management of the local club, but still the lack of opposing clubs is a great damper to the most ardent spirits It is a regrettable fact that- there ar^f not four or five clubs in existence in the town. Each Ward in the Corporation should lia/e its own club, and an Association formed, a strong point of which should be the residential clauss. This is an idea, which should be worked up next season. The Nitrate King has skipped out—gone for ever, and it is unlikely Pirie will know him more. Like Hans Mreitmann's party, that .£lt!00 to Jtil double has dissolved like the beautiful snow. When I saw the oneo festive Nitrate King padding tbe hoof home from the races yesterday wt-ek the thought struck' me that he was training for a skip out. | I was not far out. for afterwards lie made himself as scarce as did that great "snag," William Gentle On Friday last several backers were huntiug the King up for sundry amounts, and as the ^chanccs of finding him grew more and more remote, so did the wild glare in their eyes increase. I hear tho Kiug went down badly over the local races, and no wonder when bis happy-go-lucky style of book- making is considered. The w >nder is thai he did not go down for as many pounds as lie did pencc. His short career was a great moral to adorn for all those younij fellows who imagine they are «>uibryo Joe Thompsons. Poor Nitrate Kiug, poor hackers. The ways of the purse-trick mm are childlike and bland, likewise dark and mysterious. At the Pirie races the " haveyou-ever-seen-me- before" man tipped an elongated bagman the wink, and down went McGinty. The long fellow fell into the mud as easily as if he were falling off a log, and caught on like a broody old hen squatting on a sitting of eggs. He expended a nice little JS6 on purses and ha'pence.and then asked the lightning^red gent for a refund, as he was in the Luoiv. The purse-seller didn't see it in that light, however, and now the long fellow's faith in li imaii nature is mightily shaken. The local Gymnastic Club was officially opened on Friday evening last in premises on the Baltic Wharf.' There was no formal opening, however, except the election of captain, the members evident^ being anxious to get to work. Mr. F. Jj. Delano -/as unanimously elected captain, a position which he is eminently qualified to fill. That ho will prove a popular skipper it certain, and the members will fiud him the right man in the right place. There is lio reason why the Club should not boom as well as the " Ta-ra-de-boomdeay" ditty. Entries for the principal events in connection with the Trades aiid Labor sports. whiirhlLake.place ou.SeptemLer 1st, are due witli the Secretary on August 1st, and 1 predict a much larger entry this year than ever received at any previous meeting held in the port, as the nomination fee has been reduced all rouud,andthe programme drawn up is about the best yet offered in the Northern Areas. Several sprinters up the line have stated their intention of competing, while in all probability a good many city sprinters will pay the port a visit. The local contingent will be largely represented, and some aro already gottiug into nick. Altogether 1 fancy the meeting will be a great success. In the entries for the Adelaide Grand National meeting 1 notice the names of a couple of Pirie horses in Sir Patrick and Exton. The foi "mer won tbe hurdles at Port Augusta, after which a local sport purchased him and he is now being trained by J. Wilson. Exton is in the steeple, and if the old fellow takes it into his head to jump lie-will get a lot closer than most- people imagine, Mr. Payne having him very well just now. The party behind Confidence had hard luck in last Saturday's National in meeting such a ringer as Redleap, who must now be reckoned the best "chaser in the colonies, if not the very best ever -started, as he won in the fastest time on record with the heaviest burden yet carried to victory over, such a trying course. Confidence ran t*he race of his life, jun p Eg i ^e a deer all through, but fast as tne gi~ey undoubtedly is. he had scarcely enough foot to pace with such a goer as Redleap, who was once backed for a pot of money to win a Melbourne Cup. However, if the gelding gets over the gruelling he received bis owner should about annex the Adelaide National with the son of Shylie Bawn. The luckiest punster in Pirie is Mr. Fred Grey, a gentleman who always comes rut ahead of it. Not that he makes a special study of horse racing, but his wonderful payment in summing up a " good bit of stuff" scarcelj ever fails him. I have been rumagiug my memory to find out one single instance where lie has not come out a winner, but have failed in the attempt. He struck the bookies hard over the late Adelaide Cup, and at all the meetings in the district he has been anything but a mascotte to Harry Levy and a few others. At the recent Pirie races he was the only big winner, his takings amounting to nearer JE200 than anything else. On the six races he scooped the pool, and couldn't go wrong. If I had his luck (and judgment) T should be able to retire before the milleniuml comes. However, he is such a whole-hearted sport that no one begrudges him his good luck-. I see Slaviu wants to have another cut at his ]ate conqueror, but Jackson ir in no hurry for another meeting ; and he is quite right, as Sullivan will beat Corbett and retire. Then there will only be Goddard between Jackson and the championship, and the darkle will quieten Joe alright. Slavin and Goddard snould then meet to decide who is the better man, and the winner would then be eligible for a second attempt for championship honors. The following from a Sydney paper applies with equal force to Pert Pirie:—An idea prevails in the sporting community that when a tote-proprietor publishes the number of backers before the race is run it is impossiole for him to pay the winners less than their legitimate dividend. But that's an error. It is possible, under tke fairest seeming, to juggle away half the money inatote without arousing suspicion and tlierfc is scarce a tote-proprietor in Sydney rtho has'nt got locked -iway in his private drawer a table of calculations ou which tills swindle ia based. 