THE DOCTOR'S SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I WOULD give a million idollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that prico. Mr. Thomas Gawk in, of No 3, Poplar Row, Barley Abbey, near Derby, ia not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enoneh to give all ho had for tho thing ho hadn t got. Hero is his rttory, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gankin goes on to say : " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeaton, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away. I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste In my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My. chest used toi 'fill up'and my throat would swell so 1 couldn't button my shirt* at tbo neck. I Yomited a great deal, I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the HOBO, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was ia bed five or six weeks. " I then went as an out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little bettor. I got so thin that 1 was like a ghost walkiug about, and my friends said it was all up with toe. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doetors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley lAbbey and my former master gave me an. indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, &at; all the beds in the hospital ware full, apd I saw my club doctor and abo two doctors' at Derby. The first one said, 'You are in a galloping consumption, and must die'; the other dbctors after sounding my lung? and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads, "Getting a triflo better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in hi* gardens and grounds; and some days I Worked a little, and then would be away for afewdajs. Things went on like this until Dcember, 1838, when I caught cold, got very short of'bre?'.uh, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and w*s afraid to go to sleep fot fear the phlegm would choke me. At this timp the whites of my eyes turned yellowi and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and patched and 1 often broke out in a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I ooald keep nothing down. I lost over * stone weight In three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was 0b weak I had to takp hold of the furniture to move a yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was neve): at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and wag so nervous I could'nt bear the least noise, an<jl the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' I can do yon no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine, and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbor named Joseph Tatham, who worlsB in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me,' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel'p Syrup ?' and told me how he had beeh cured after being in the hospital. Hb spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores in Victoria street. After thie first dpse I vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short wall?. Bp the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as 1 tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, an& have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup fqr six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication qf this statement, Mr Qaskin requests us to refqr all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Qaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears ap excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from whicjh he suffered? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), dr he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory, dyspepsia^ (or chronic gastric catarrh), which haB lung symptoms like coilsumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the righjt remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, w$s used the disease yielded, as all the diseases of the digestive traot do yield to that magnificent preparation, We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskjn on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 