STHA\nr, kF.MEDIKS. I Titni'.t:i.- uti interesting paper in t'hmnletf Jonnm! n pun 'Stiuuge Diseases aud SLungt Remedies ' as observed aud practised in Ireland. We make one or two extracts. A l'OWKUFfl. CI1AUU. Cicilulity uud sujiew-iition are not conlincd to the lower classes alone 111 Ireland. A story told 1110 as an actual fact by au educated lady, the daughter and sister of a clergyman, might very well be classed as un instance of both. Wo wero discussing the subject of charmK, and I was surprised tosce that she believed in tlieni herself, as did also hor reverend brother. ' I cannot doubt what I know to be true myself,' sho said ; and told us the following tale, which I give in her own words:— 'There was a man in our village, a respectable shop keeper, who was afllictcd with 1111 enormous tumour in his chcek. I well remember tho feelings of awe and curiosity with which I used to inspect liis profile in church when I was u child, He sat a few pews in front of us, and I could not resist the temptation of watching him all through the service, ond looking for tho grotesque effect. of his enormously exaggerated cheek, liis infirmity seemed to increase with years, and the poor man was a frightful object. One day not long ago I patted a man in tho village street whose face I seemed to know, unci yet I could not think of his name. It suddenly dawned upon me it was Mr. ? without his swollen chcek ! I could hardly believe niv senses, and followed liim into a shop on purpose to seo if it really could be tho man I had seen only the Sunday before, so marvellously changed in such a short lime. Yes, it certainly was Mr. ? . He addressed me first, saying, ' I suppost you huidly recognise me nnd he thou told me how he was cured. It was by a charm ! He was advised to go out the first night the new 1110011 was visible, and, aflcr sayiii', 'In the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' to wave a dinner-plate round his head nine times towards the new moon. Ho did so ; aud in the morning his tumour had completely disappeared !' Such was tin tale told to me, aud implicitly believed in by-an educated Irish lady. UKUOIC MKASUJtKH. Tlie lower orders of Irish are as a rul* rather hpyochondriucal, and they are fond of trying peculiar remedies for their ailments. A favourite poultice for wounds is a paraffin candle scraped and some cabbage, all boiled together. A simple- but rather unpleasant remedy for a cut leg was recommended to an old man— it was to sit with his leg in a bog hole all night. This he tried with perfect success. His le^ got quite well ; but. as hi died of bronchitis u few days afterwards, he did nut long enjoy his ' perfect cure.' A carpenter who in chopping wood had cuta slice oil' liis shinbone with the hatchet, first applied a poultice of nettles and salt. Thin not healing it immediately, he put 011 a band age soaked in Venice turpentine. As the wound remaiud obstinate.aud even Lrut worse under his gentle treatment, ho determined to be fh in with it aud show jl he would stand uo more nonsense ; so he burned it with blue-stone '. He did not lose the leg ; but it did not recover until less heroic remedies were used. A poor man suffering from iuflnmmutiuii of the eye caused by a thorn, had blue- stone blown in. He did lose the oye. A VII.LACK TitAOKDST. A favourite remedy for every kind o! internal paiu is hot vinegar punch ; indeed, vinegar tuken cither cold or hot is con sidered almost a specific for everything It must bo comforting in some cases - It is much used for a ' squeezin' on tho liastv' . . M'iiicll — is- 'the 'commonest coiiiplaint of all. They aie a kindly and sympathetic race, always ready to help cacli other in cases of sickness, either with nursing or good advice ; but I feur in most cases the remedies prescribed aro far worse than disease. A village tragedy occurred in my own knowledge. A young blacksmith wliuse wife had presented him with their first baby was horrilied to tind that llio infant had been born with teeth. So unusual an event must bo unlucky; so the poor baby's teeth were drawn by the unskilled haud of the blacksmith. Tho baby died ; and the mother, shocked and grieved by the scene, died soon afterwards. ' But, sure, he'd never have liad luck or grace if them unlucky teeth hadn't been dhrew.' SHARKS AND THEIR WAY8. Whbs Mr. Nye of New Bedford, attempted to feed a shark with his fingers and in consequence nearly lust them he wai acting upon a wrong theory. Where the story originated that a shark was obliged to turn 011 its sido or back to take its food it is hard lo say. Like many other popular errors, it litis been copied by one writer from another, most of wlioin probably never ?aw a shark, its origin being lost in the mists of antiquity. Many such legends are current; that of the hoopsuake; the belief that if a person is bitten by a dog, and that if the dog afterwards runs mad, tho person bitten, though it be years before, goes mad also ; that the alligator can ruise its upper jaw ; that the white head eaglo is a bulriheaded bird. Truth, it is said, lies at the bottom of a well, being too modest, perhaps, to uppeui among 111011. But. we know that error has no such scruples. As to sharks, the writer has taken many of them, both with hand-line and rod and reel. Tlio dusty shark, the shovel-nose, the hammer-head, and the nurse shark ; often in clear and sliullow water, where the move ments of the lish could be seen, and he never has seen one of cither of these species turn over iu taking the bait, hut it was taken at other fish take it. lie bus also seen large sliui'ks, man- eaters perhaps, tuken at sea will) hook and line, but thoy turned uo somersaults till they got 011 deck. There is much resemblance between the slmrk and the wolf. Both are voracious, fero- ciotis, and cowardly, seldom attacking any animal capable of resistance, exeept when very hungry or when cinbolded by numbers. Then they both become dangerous. In fishing for channel bass on the east coast of Florida/ where sharks arc minmrous, I have sometimes had them take my bass away while] was playing it; biting oft' a lar'* fish with as clean a cut as ail axe would make. They would sometimes come round llie boat iu numbers so boldly that wo thought best to move away,' but 1 have never been attacked. An old fisherman on the coast of Florida, who liad been iu tho habit of taking sharks for their oil, and had killed hundreds of them, told uie that lie thought a shark loss dangerous than an alligator, by which nuimul lio has been attacked more than once, hut by a shark, never. We had, how over, found half o( a good -sized alligator in the stomach of a large slurki which shows the enormous power of the jaws of that lisli. 1 asked liim whether ,1 shark was obliged to turn over lo seize its prey ; he said he had never seen if, do so, ami as tlio shark lived mostly 011 fish, he could not catch it iu that way, but would starve to death if he hud to turn over. Blind people always feel goud. Epitaph for an actor— Played out. The nobbiest thing in boots is a bunion. It is always wise lo appear patient whon tlie othor feilow is the larger. The only animal iu the wr.ild who doe.-n't intend meuacc when lie shows his Iccth is the dentist. '1 ho hen that sets on a porcelain egg may not accomplish much) but ilie has o.mest i ilentions. - Farmer (who sees g titers 'or the fir t t me): 'IOli, mister, your stockings ha e li»lh-» down.' ? A hard head sometimes passes for a wl.*e ?me. If you are not wist don't give yourself away. 