SPOKEN AT THE THRESHOLD. BEING THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN AMIABLE OLD MAN. CHAPTER III. Continued THE CONFESSION. A month or so after this, whilst out reconnoitring with my troop, an adventure befell me which ended in my quitting the Federal service. We were approaching the little village of Whernside, where we thought there might be an enemy patrol, so we were moving very cautiously. The road from Wooler's Ferry, by which Whernside is approached from the north west, takes a rather sharp turn round the foot and to the west of a bold and heavily timbered hill, which is, however, quite a bare on its summit. The village is built on the rich alluvial flat to the south of this bluff. A quaint and ancient looking village with a large market square and weather-stained houses whose timbered gable ends faced the straggling street, whilst between the village and the hill, was a broad expanse of green common. As the troop moved round the base of the hill, I, with several troopers, ascended it, and, dismounting near the summit, cautiously crept up to the crest as the main body continued its movement along the road. In silence we stole through the underwood until we commanded the reverse of the hill, the flat and the village. On the green beneath us, a troop of rebel cavalry was at open files, being put through the sword exercise by a non-commissioned officer who had all the bearing of a British drill sergeant. In front of the troop, on a magnificent chestnut charger, was an officer whose uniform was an awful affair, something like that of a British staff officer, with stage brigand fixings added. He smoked a dainty little cigarette, and made a most liberal display of starched linen, and his slouch hat was tilted rakishly to one side, whilst his butternut uniform was fairly loaded with frogs, lace and tassels. All this I observed through my field glass, as I lay on the top of the hill watching the rebels. The troop was halted by signal, and one or two men were left to keep us informed of the enemy's movements, I rejoined my fellows, and with sabres drawn and curbs loosened, we moved round the base of the hill. As we came in sight of the rebels I gave the words - " Front form troop !" and as the last files moved into line, " Charge !" " The sound of my voice fell like a thunderbolt on the rebels; they were thoroughly surprised. However, their leader did not for one moment seem to lose his self possession. Flinging his cigarette away, he drew his sword and turning towards his men yelled, " Follow me, boys," and rode towards us, his men crowding after him. We, however, had the start of them, and were at the charge, racing ; before they had fairly began to move. But though taken at a disadvantage, there was no hesitation or shrinking amongst these southern horsemen ; no, they rode to meet us with the chivalry of a nation of gentlemen, gathering form and impetus as they came on with their dandy leader well in front on the chestnut. Flushed with the pride of an assured triumph, and mad with the blood thirst of battle, I made for the rebel leader with sword-arm shortened for the delivery of a death thrust. But he was ready for me and he seemed about to deliver a cut that must have finished me - but - and there's always a but in these cases. There was a deafening thunder of hooves. A vision of flushed faces - of fiery nostrils and tossing manes - of gleams of flashing sabres above clouds of dark brown dust. A crash and shock as the ranks collided, and savage yells of defiance from many maddened throats rang out ; and then chaos and oblivion. CHAPTER IV. Cold and still on the sleeping earth he lay with his face upturned to the starlit sky, and the pale moonlight brought into ghastly relief the rigid features of the dead rebel captain. No sound broke the horrid stillness, save the pain laden whining of some maimed charger, or the groan of a dying trooper. For a few yards around they lay thick, rider and horse, in every form of distortion that the agony of a violent death could assume. Side by side together we lay - I racked with pain, parched with thirst, stiff and sore in every limb, drinking in the horrors of the scene around me ; he, with outstretched arm and his hand closed in a death grip on his unstained sword, whilst his left hand still held a fragment of his brldle rein. Unsoiled and unruled, with his features set in an expression of scornful calm, the lifeless clay before me had still the proud bearing of the courtly soldier who had ridden to his death so gallantly, but a few short hours before. Ralsing myself slowly and with pain, I gazed gazed into my dead enemy's face. The hilt of my broken sabre projected from the wound in his side. In the shock of contact we must both have been unhorsed together. As looked at the dead man's face, a dreadful fear, a doubt that takes the form of hope came over me, and my gaze became a stare as I peered closely at him. And then all doubt ceased - and with a yell of horror - 'my brother !'- I fell back senseless. How long I remained unconscious I do not know, but when my senses returned it was still moonlight, and I lay quite motionless and endeavoured to collect my thoughts. My dead brother lay beside me, my sabre still lodged in his breast, and I, his slayer, by his side was fully sensible of the horror of the situation. And, by-and-by, moving and cautiously feeling myself all over, found that beyond shock and bruises, I was unhurt ; and then - I examined my brother. In the breast pocket of his frock coat and sabre tasche that he carried - he was ever a consummate fop - I found numerous letters and paper from - the perusal of which I learnt that our father had been dead for several years ; and that on the bleak patch of moorland adjacent to Selby on the Ouse, which was a all that remained to my father of the once broad lands of the Selby Marvels, a rich vein of coal had been discovered, and the revenue derived from the workings had been the means of restoring the family to something like its former wealth and importance. And my brother, the inheritor of this newly found wealth, had with the craze for adventure which marks the eccentric Englishman the world over, taken service with the Confederates when the war broke out. And this was the end of it all. Bitterly, aye, too bitterly for words to express, I thought of what might have been ; what might have been had I been a little more patient, a little more content to turn the smitten cheek again to the smiter. And visions of a home in England, with its tranquil joys, its troops of laughing children, its solid comfort, and its serene content, arose before me. Visions of the circle of friends, whose friendship would never have been tried, and whose insincerity would have remained forever unknown, chased each other through my brain as I lay on this foreign battle field by my dead brother's side - despised and alien adventurers both of us - the tools of a cause in which we had no interest, parties to a quarrel in which we had no share. The active selfishness of my character, however, soon asserted itself, and the necessity for devising means to secure my own safety and comfort drove out every consideration of sentimental character. I possessed myself of my brother's papers and letters, and of a large amount of coin that I found in his purse, thinking out whilst doing so my plan of action. Evidently both parties to the recent skirmish had been carried away in hot pursuit and flight for many miles from the scene of action. With which side the advantage lay, however, I could not tell, and did not very much care. My interest was now diverted into another channel. My brother had died in action a soldier's death. That he had met his death at my hands was my misfortune - not my fault - and ought not to be the cause of any exceptional grief to me. Thus I reasoned, as I stripped him of his valuables, making up my mind as I did so, to return to England without delay, and assert my claim to the family property. As far as I could learn from an examination of his papers, my brother had died unmarried and intestate, and consequently I was his heir. Having completed my task, and finding myself able to rise, although with dificulty, I searched amongst the dead until I found a rebel trooper whose clothes I thought would fit me. I stripped him, and then removing my own uniform donned the suit of butter nut, and guided by the stars started away towards the south, avoiding the village, and depending upon my wits and the British coin in to my pockets to carry me to Wilmington, where I thought it would not be difficult to obtain a passage to England. CHAPTER V. The incidents of my pilgrimage through the Confederacy to Wilmington were of the commonplace character that befalls the adventurer in all countries or passing through a period of great national excitement. But after many vexatious delays, I at length succeeded in getting a passage on one of the blockade running clippers bound for Liverpool, where, in due course, I safely arrived, then immediately going on to London. Upon interviewing the lawyer, our family man of business, I found that the news of my brother's death in action, in a skirmish with a party of Federal cavalry had preceded me, and that a diligent search for me had started some weeks ago. Of my own presence on the occasion of my brother's death, evidently nothing was known in England, and, as a matter of course, I did not enlighten anyone there upon that point. As I had surmised, my brother had made no will and was unmarried. I thus found myself the possessor - the wealthy possessor - of the lands of my father and found myself in the position of an English landed proprietor, with all the splendid potentialities that position conferred. Now I said to myself - blind fool that I was, though every incident of my wretched past did not give this dream the lie - if the germ of it be within me, I can become a gentleman. The claims to social standing, based on the long line and the doughty deeds of our ancestors, which if advanced in connection with poverty would have been scouted as ridiculous but when furnished with the gilding of newly acquired wealth will be deemed worthy of all acceptance by the practical and worldly minded Yorkshireman. Thus I soliloquised as the morning express bore me rapidly along to York, en route to Selby, within a few miles of which was Winton Moor, the freehold that we, the Selby Marvels of Selby, had held in fee simple from the days of William the Norman. It was a cold bright winter's night when I arrived at Winton Manor. The snow lay thick upon the ground, and from long ranges of lofty windows, floods of warm light marked with golden bars the surface of the frozen land as it lay white under the rays of the resplendent moon. The Manor, which I recollected in the days of my youth as an ivy clad ruin, picturesque and uninhabitable - had been rebuilt by my brother, and was now an imposing edifice in the early English style. They were expecting me, and as I alighted, a crowd of obsequious lackeys lined the hall and gave to my return the appearance of a welcome. For a few days I was almost oppressed by the magnificence of everything around me, and was absolutely in awe of the silent and stately menials who flitted about, as it seemed to me, like ruddy cheeked ghosts in radiant liveries. However, I soon learned to accept without embarrassment the greatness that the county seemed determined to thrust on me ; became member of committees and innumerable associations, subscribed liberally to all county movements and charities ; became a justice of the peace, became, and I don't understand this -popular, and at length attained to what had become my great ambition, colonel of a regiment of county volunteers. In this position I could and did ventilate some theories about matters military, which were described by my friends as the expression of very original notions, and by my enemies as ridiculous fads. Then a feeling of restful content stole over me. The past was quickly fading from my memory, and I felt myself to be falling into the appearance, manners and deportment of the county squires, my neighbours around me. One thing, however, was still wanting to complete my happiness. To do full justice to the requirements of my present position, Winton Manor should have a mistress, and I determined, with out avoidable delay, to supply this want. And here again fortune seemed disposed to load me with its favours. I had considered myself past the age of sentiment, and whilst seeking a partner possessing the qualifications I deemed essential to the position of my wife, I found something more ; I found that I had gained the virgin affections of a noble minded and accomplished gentlewoman for such she seemed to be. I found too, that the course of true love, or the feeling that did duty for it, did in this instance run smoothly ; found that the matter of settlements presented no difficulty, that the parents were gratified, and that the county approved of the match. And when I led my fair young English bride to the altar, I felt myself to be indeed a fortunate man ; felt that the earth had very little more of happiness to offer me. My wife and myself became stars in the county firmament. We led a semi- public life, attending every meet for many miles around in the hunting season, and never missed any of the county festivities for social functions of the district. And Winton Manor, during all this time, was merry with the presence of many guests. Then my wife presented me with a son, and in accordance with the custom of the Selby Marvels from time immemorial, we called the boy (our first-born) Mark. And amongst the old time dwellers on the estate, with whom the folk lore of the family formed a sort of unwritten code of law and faith, there was great rejoicing. Imaginative tenants and friends declared that the boy was the image of 'Sir Mark,' the doughty knight who ihad fallen at the head of his troop of cavaliers at Naseby, and whose faded portrait hung in the place of honour in the picture gallery - the only room in the old building that had remained entirely intact during the dark days of the family fortunes. Whilst others declared that he certainly resembled his ancestor, Sir Frederick, the great painter, whose works were the wonder of the art world of the last century. Certainly the boy's physique was splendid, and he grew apace, and both, Maude and myself were very proud of him. About this time, Maude and myself seemed to drift somewhat apart, to become bored by the very intensity of our happiness ; or it may have been that our lives were out of order. It Is certain, however, we were beginning to feel decidedly dull, when our social circle was enlivened by the advent of an accomplished stranger, a foreigner, Count Registocski, a wealthy Russian. The Count was a handsome fellow, and is splendid linguist, who rode like an Irish squireen, waltzed like a Viennese, shot like an American backwoodsman, and was clever at games of skill. In country quarters a man of this kind is always an an acquisition, and we invited him to prolong his visit indefinitely - and he did so. To Be Continued. 