NEWS OF THE DAY. The debate on tho adtlrcs9 in reply was re sumed in tho Legislative Assembly yesterday, and bontinuod with moro or less animation dur ing tiio entire sitting. The speakers were Mr. Harper, Mr. Dow and Mr. Lovicn from tlie Oppo sition, and Mr. Trenwith, Mr. W. T. Carter and Sir Lryan O Logmen from tho Ministerial sido of tho IIouso. None of tho Ministers too!< part in the discussion, which was opened by Mr. Lovien, who piped in a fcoblo koy . for over an hour, offering criticisms upon various Ministerial nets, but failed entirely to interest tho House, which was stolidly indifferent evon to the lion, member's fiercest denunciations of Ministers for suspend ing tho Rnilwny Commissioners. Mr. Lovien disployod his slender acquaintance with tho serious financial difficulty that has to be faced in tho Railway department, and almost por- sundod himself that there was no railway difficulty at all, and that tho "unfortunate commissioners had been slaughtered " in order to divert the attention of tho clcetors from tlio groat one man one vote issue with which tlio Conservatives tried to dish tho Libe- rals at tho rocont general elections. Evon tlie Opposition seemed reliovcd when Mr. Levion hnd done, and tho Honso welcomed Mr. "Hr. T. Garter, who followed, but lion, members also speedily tired of tho oratorical flights of tho member for Williamstown, who dealt largely in a general way with labor topics, and souuded a note of disapproval of the Government pro. pnsals for civil servioo retrenchment. The Opposition is not likely to cau60 the Government embarrassment by its criticism on tho oddross in reply if tho efforts mado last evening are to bo accepted as tho best to bo expected from tliat quarter. Mr. Harper was tho most important speaker from that sido, and ho dealt principally with the acts of tho Munro Government, tho ap pointment of Agout-General, and tho new departure of floating Treasury bills through tho ogcncy of a private firm. Tho evil influence of the Trades Hall upon tho well being of tho colony was also brought into prominence by Mr. Harper, who camo into collision with Mr. Trcnwitli over this topic and also over the aotion of tlio Govorn mont in stattiug without Parliamentary sanction two lines ot railway iu tlio mailed torritory for tho relief of tlio unemployed. Sir. Trcnwitli warmly defonded tlio Government for coining to the nssistnuco of starving families, and relieving tho distress of tho large body of men who at tho present timo keenly, feel tho. pinoii of bad times and scarcity of work. Mr. Dow mado ono of his humorous speeches, which was not taken, or meant to bo takon, scriouoly, and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen followed, speak- ing at some length upon tho railway and public service retrenchment. Looking baok at liis past experience tiio learnod baronet is not very hopeful of any largo savings resulting from retrenchment, and ho inclines to tho belief that in a short time, after a few uuncccsaiy officers have boon dispensed with, double tlie number of now men will get into tho service. Upon tho subject of restoring confidence in Victoria Sir Bryan O'Loghlen became quite animated, and mndoa present to thoGovcrntncntolavcrysimplo plan for bringing prosperity baok to tlio colony. "Borrow £20,000,000," said tho learned haronct, " ami start building cheap railways," altogether ignoring that thoro must be two parties to tlio transaction, and that before wo can borrow tlie other party must bo prepared to lend. After Sir Bryan O'Loghlen had concluded tlio debate was adjourned until this afternoon, on tho motion of Mr. Salmon, and tho House roso nt 11.25 p.m. Tho Ministor of Railways presented to Parlia ment yesterday a full and clear printed state-; incut of tho cause of tlio suspension of tho lata Commissioners of Railways. Tlio document, 1 which was aiau circulated during the sitting amongst lion, members, is a most formidablo indictment, and gives a plain, unvarnished narrativo of tho circumstances loading to the retirement of Mr. Speight and his colloague3. Prior to the suspension tho commissioners, were mado aware of tho growing rail- way uellcit, but took no adequato steps to carry out tho will of Parliament that this doficit should bo wiped out. Ministers endeavored to arrange with tlio commissioners soirio method by which the expenditure could bo reduced, but tho commissioners insisted that it was impracticable or unnecessary to mako reductions, Finding Mr. Speight and liis col leagues strongly antagonistic, Mr. Wheeler formally called upon the commissioners to sub mit in writing a sehemo for effecting a decrease of £100,000 a year ill expenditure, and increas ing tho income of tho department by £150,000. In response tiio commissioners submitted their famous burlesque suggestions, hut tool: care to add that they could not recommend tlio rtdoption of all of them " unless tho Treasury absolutely required that the sum of £250,000 should bo added to tho net rovenua of tho department." Tho reasons given for the Bus- pension of tho commissioners are that they had shown incfficienoy rind mismanagement, systema tically underestimated tlio working expenses, allowed tho truiu mllcago to he excessive, in creased tho cost of woilting from 58 to nearly 70 per coat., allowed by-laws to remain in forco which caused a heavy loss to tho department, sanotioncd expenses at stations .not warranted by traffio or income ; largely in creased tile stuff and snlnrios, failed to super- annuato old officers, paid largo sums unncccs- earily for over time and travelling allowances, and persistently neglected to manage tho rail ways on economical or business principles, nnd "generally acted in such a manner that tlie defi ciency has yearly increased, so that iu the present financial year it will probably amount to £445,000." Af:er referring lo tlio "passive resistance " by tlio commissioners to all reforms, tho statomeut concludes by saying that tlicy could not be entrusted with tho carrying out of a scheme of which thoy said they did not approve, anil tho result of tlie success of wliicli would be a serious reliec- tiou on their previous mauagomunt. As aoon as tho debate on tho address in reply has been got out of tlio way the attention of thu Hmiso will be invited to tlio railway qucstiou. Tho deep interest ovinccd by members of tho Legislativo Assembly in railway matters is shown by tiio targe number of questions bearing on this subject, of which notice lias boon given sinco tiie session opened. Notable amongst theso is un inquiry by Mr. Gordon as to the cost of the now railway offices in btpenccr-strcot, and anotbor by Mr. W. T. Car tor whether it is the intention of fliu Railway department to continue, whilo a deficit exists in tlio railway accounts, the oxpensivo oxporimeuts alleged to have been initiated by Mr. Alison Smith, locomotive superintendent, in new styles of sleeping cars aud freezing chambers; The member for Vv'illiamBtown also intends to inquire if it is proposed to hold an Inquiry into Mr. Alison Smith's supervision of ' tiio rnilwny stores and workshops at Nowport. Some interesting information was elicited from Ministors yostorday in tho LcgiBlativo Assembly. Mr. Grnlmm stated that a survey was being made of a scheme for supplying water for domestic and stock purposes in the mallee country. The Treasurer intimated that the Government had no present intention to increase the duty upon oats, barloy and potatoes, and the Commissioner of Customs also refusod to promise the imposition of a duty on undressed pino nnd Oregon timber or to hold out any liopo of agonoral rovisian of the tariff being dealt witb in tho present session. Mr. Sliiols expluinod that negotiations are still proceeding to securo tho power to coin silvor and copper ill Victoria, upon wliioh there was a profit, hut during Hie last two years £29,030 had been Inst in H10 Melbourne branch of tho Royal Mint on gold coinage, Sir Graham Berry announced thnt it was not proposed to nsk Parliament to voto a largo sum thin session for a spcoial loan to local bodies to cnablo them to purchase wire netting for farmers in rabbit infested districts. Tho House would only be nBkcd to sanction tho expenditure of an amount equal to tho repay ments made from tho provious loan. Mr. M'Lcan explained that all the good mallee land unse- lected was now held under lease, the surrender of which could nob ho nsked forbwithout com pensating tho holders. If n suitnblo amount of compensation conld bo agroed to bctwoon llio losscos and tho Lands dopartment lio would be willing to consider tho desirability of taking over some of the mallee blocks with the view to sub-division and selection. Mr. Madden, who lias tnkon tho "poor fnrmor " under his particular patronage, endoavored to run n nice little scandnt ail by himself in the Logislntivo Assembly yesterday. The hon. member insinuated that the mallee local land boards reversed the well estab lished practice of daaling with strangers, and instead of taking them in grossly favorod iiicin, to tho dotrimout of " our own young men, particularly formers' sons." The latter, so the allegation ran, were invariably unsuccessful in obtaining mallee allotments. Mr. Maddon suggested that tho Ministor of Lands should "instruct" boards to deal differently with tho sons of fnrmors, but Mr. M'Lean promptly put tbo casu in a clearer light by stating that tho policy of land boards was to glvo a preference to tho applications of sclcetors who woro married men. No com plaints agninst tho boards had reacbod tho department, and tho Minister emphatically refusod to lend himself to any such impropor action as giving instructions to land boards to deal in a special inanuor with any particular class of selectors. Mr. Zox intends to urgo upon tho Govern ment tho desirability of appointing a royal com mission to collect evidence bearing upon tho management of building nnd kindred sooietios. A bill to amond the Companies Aot forms part of tbo Govorument programme this session, tho object of tho measure being to provida greater safeguards to the public who invost moneys in financial institutions and building societies. Mr. Zox holds that boforo legislation is attomptod upon so important a subject tho best availnblo ovidouco should bo obtninod for tho guidance of l'arliamont. Tiio Legislative Counoil mot yostordny nnd entered into tho debato on tho nddross in reply, moved by Mr. M'Brydo nnd seconded by Mr. Williamson. Tho discussion ocoupiod tho wholo sitting, but was not marked by any foaturo of special intorost, tho Government programmo being gonm-.illy approved. Some opposition to the stoolc tax was manifestod, and tho tono of mombera indicated that that proposal will bo fought in tho Gonnoil, hut on no other point in tho Governor's speech was thoro much hostile critioism. Tho dobato was closed without any necessity for a reply by Ministers, nnd tho House then adjourned till Tuesday woolr. This interval was suggested by Mr. Zoal booauso noxt Tuesday will ho tho Queen's Birthday, and it was dcsirablo that soma time should bo allowed members to con sider tho report on the Railway Commis sioners' suspension, laid on tho table yostorday. Tho railway quostion will tako proccdenoo when ! the Housa meets. Tho cxprossod dosiro of the country party that tho stock tax question should be takon by tho Legislative ' Assembly boforo tho discussion on tho susponsion of tho Railway Commissioners, naturally enough, is not agroed with by tho Governmont, and it lias therefore arranged to moot its supporters at 3 o'clock this afternoon to discuss tiio matter. For two reasons it is hold to bo imperatively necessary that tho railway quostion sliould tako prccodonco of nil other businoss. In tho first place, the suspen sion of tho commissioners wns an exeoutive not performed during the reoess ; and in tho second, tho reputation, or, iiidood, the very existonco, of the Governmont depends upon tho notion taken hy tho House in regard to tho suspension. In those circumstances tho Government will insist upon tho railway question being taken firBt. In all probability tiio cnuciis will also discuss tho subject of tho appointment of a Chairman of Committees, with a view to arriving at ah under standing as to who is to bo supportedfor tlis posi tion. Attracting of country mambcrs lias alsoheon convened by tho secretary, Mr. Dow, to bo hold to-day ntl.30 p.m., at Parliament nouso, for tho purpose of arriving at nn understanding ns to tiio position to ho tnkon up by those mombors of tho party sitting behind tho Government in rcfercnco to tho proposal that will bo made hy tho Government to its supportors. Tho Speaker, Mr. Bent, laid 011 tiio tablo of tho Legislative Assoinbly, yesterday,- his warrant for tho appointment of nil Elections nnd Qualifica tions Committee, to oonshit of Messrs. Cameron, Langdon, M'lntyro, Sir Bryan O'Loghlon, nnd Messrs. L. L. Smith, T. Smith nnd F. Stuart. Tho R.M.S. Austral passed Capo Bordn, inward bound, nt 8.20 p.m. yostordny. Tile Vegotabio Products Commission still "bobs up soronoly " at intervals. In this way it justifies oxponsos. if it does not justify its existence. After lying dormant for six months it was fondly hoped thnt it wns proparing for its farewell appearance, but it reappeared yester day in all its pristine vigor, nnd not at all desirous of giving up llio ghost. Tho com mission is ovidently not disposed to put nn ond to the farce, and it would bo interesting to learn by what process tho Premier proposes to extin guish it. Tho tenacity with whioh tho commis sion olings to lifo is becoming a serious matter, nnd "vogotnblo products " seetn Iikoly to furnish a topic for periodical and not very cntortainiiig reports as long ns tho mombors of tho commission, or any of them, or tho secre tary, continues to feel nn interest in this vital question. Strong efforts hnvo hoen mndo by tho resi dents and municipal authorities of Warrnom- hool to securo the establishment of an experi mental farm at Framlingh&m;, on the lines of tho 0110 at Dookic, and they succeeded, during the regime of tho Gillies-Dcakin Government, in Rotting tho aborigines reserve nt Framlitig- linm, about 4000 acres in extent, banded over as an endowment to tho Council ot Agricultural Education, on condition tlmt that body estab lished an experimental farm thoro. Gravo fours are now entortuinod by tbo residents that their wishes are not to ho gratified, as a party of surveyors nro engaged in subdividing the reserve into blocks for leasing purposes. It is explained by tho officers of tho council tlmt is intended to survey a numbor of blocks of land which will bo leased for a certain torm, with tho object of pro ducing funds to muot tho heavy dxponditurd incurred in tho destruction of rabbits on the reserve. In leasing tho biooks tbo council will reserve tho right to rusumo possession at any timo it ncods tho land. It is nlso stated that in nil probability a portion of tho area will lie reserved at tho outsot for tho purpose of establishing nil experimental farm. Tiio employes nt tiio workshop.-) nt Braybrook and the neighborhood having memorialised the Deputy linilwny Commissioners for a moro con- veniont afternoon service of trains to enabie thom to return from their work with ronsonablo expedi tion, a now train will In future ho run ns follows : —Leave Spoucer-stroofc 3.55 p.m. for Braybrook Junction ; lenvo Braybrook Junction for town, 4.45 p.m. This service will not bo given on Saturdays. TI10 will of tho lato Mr. Sydney Grnndisnn "Watson, of AVnlwa, on tbo Upper Murray, squatter, has been lodgod in tho I'robato offico. I lie testator died oil tho lltli December last, having executed his will on tho 8th August nnd added a codicil 011 tho 24th Novombor of tho sumo year. His property is valued nt £82,847, of which £44,259 is realty nnd £38,588 por- soimlty. Tho will of tbo Into Mr. James Bishop l'orrlu:i, of Clinddesley, Balaolavii-road, East St- -Hilda, has also been filod. Tho testator died on tho 21st Maroh last, leaving a will dated tho 20th Ootobor, 1891. His estato is valued at £47,136-£33,163 realty and £13,973 personalty. Probate will also bo applied for to-morrow of tho will of tho lato Mr. Goril Alexander Chalmers, formerly of Osklands, X'ountnin-raad, Upper Norwood, Surrey, Eng land, but lato of Thainstono Houso, Kintorc, Nortli Britain. The dnto of doatli wa3 tho 26th February last, aud tho deceased loft a will executed on tho lBtli Juno, 1884, witli two codicils dated 14th Novombor, 1885, and 12th November, 1891. Tho estate is ostimated at £21,420, all personalty. In tlicBO tliroo oases tho property of deceased is nil divided among relatives. A sum of £2000 1ms boon loft to ohnrity by tho lato Mr. William Graham, morohant, of Flindcrs-strcct, who dlod at Bailey's Hotel, London, on tho 23rd January last. By Ihb will, dated tho 15tli Fobruary, 1887, the testator pro vides for tho members of his family, and by a codicil oxcoiitod on tho 29th January, 1890, £500 is bequeathed to tho Bishop of Molbourno's fund; £250 to tho Homo of Hope, Collingwood; £250 to tho Gordon Institute, Molbourno ; anil £1000 among suoli ohnritios as participate in tho collections raised on tho Hospital Sunday noarcst to the date of the testator's docoasc, in tho pro portions in whioh these collections nro dividod. Tho total vnluo of tho doocasod's ostato is £37,759, of which £10,963 is realty and £26,796 personal ty. An action for £1500 damages for brcooh of covenant of a leaso was tried in tho Banco Onuit yostordny boforo Mr. Justiao Holroyd. Tho plaintiff, Robert Laver, leased 320 acros of land from tho do fondant, Augustus lliohard Smith, at Jcotho, in Gippsland. Tho lonso was for a term of fivo years, dating from tho 1st September, 1SS6. Tkiuiiu's cr-r,u was that defendant had failed to carry out a oovenant to koep tho ferns growing on tho laud cut down. For tho defeneoit was urged that tho breach had boon waived, and thnt plaintiff had suffered 110 damage. His Honor did notoonsidoranydamago had beott proved, butgavo plaintiff n vordiot 011 another part of his olnim for £23 19s. for goods supplied, witli eoBts. Defendant counter- claimed for £130 damages owing to tho plaintiff having neglected to kcop tho loused promises in ft proper stato of repair, and £85 for arrears of rout. Ho obtainod judgment for £137 10h. 6d.i with costs. Tho plaintiff npponrod in person, and Mr. Williamson for tho dofendiuit (solici tors, MoBsrs. Smart and Wnlkeij, A libel action for £500 damages was con cluded in tiio First Civil Court yesterday, before Mr. Justice Williams and a jury of six. A lottor nppoarcd in tho Renedla Standard news paper of tiio 1st Soptombor, 1890, over tho signature of tho defendant, Pntrick Canning- hnm, in which allusion wns mndo to tho "rapacity" of tho shire solicitor in charging 10s. 6d. costs for obtaining a verdict against a poor widow for arrears of rates. Tho plaintiff, Frederick Tronery Brown, of Lamrook, Brown and Hall, who acted as tho solicitor for tho Bonnlla shiro, took tho raattor to hoart, nnd alleged that he had suffered injury to his reputation and credit. Tho defence was ho libel and fair comment! Tho jury found in defendant's favor. In answer to a question by tho judgo, tlioy assessed tho plaintiff's damages, assuming thoro hod boon a libel in law, nt ono farthing. Judgment was ontorod for tho defendant with costs. Dr. Madden and Mr. Vasoy appoarod for the plain tiff (solicitor, Mr. Hall) ; Mr. Loon and Mr. Englcson for tho defendant (solicitors, Messrs. Gaunson and Wallace). Tho criminal sittings of the Supreme Court were resumed before Mr. Justice A'Bcckctt and juries of 12 yostorday. Mr. R. Walsh, Q.O., prosecuted for the Grown. Alfred O'Brion was found guilty of tho larceny of a purse containing £1 2s. from Mrs. S. Bury, in Bourko-streot, on tho 19th April. John Holt was convicted of tho laroony of a gun, valued at £4, and a cash box, containing £46, from Witlinm H. Anthony, publican, at Johnson's Crook, near Alexandra ; and George Foster of burglary at tho houso of Margaret Smith, of Mn'rkot-otrcet, South Mel bourne, on the 30th April: TI10 lattor prisonor was defended by Mr. Fisher. Henry -Smith, charged with stealing aii opossum rug belonging to G. S. Tithoradgo, Monnt Aloxamler-rond, Mooileo Ponds, was found hot guilty by tho judge's direction, owing to tho paucity of ovi- doncc against him. Charles Walter Williams pleaded guilty to making a faiso declaration in registering a birth at Blackwood. Tho accused stated that ho was married to tho mother of tho child when suoh was not tho case. Ho wns aontcnccd to a v/eok's imprisonment. Louis Boy was found guilty of coining at Nicholson-strcbt, Abbotsford. In tho caso of John Brundoll, arraigned for embezzlement from Graco Smith, meat saleswoman at Viotoria Market, a nolle prosequi was entered. Mr. Justico Williams will proceed with the following cases out of Mr. Justico Holroyil's list on Monday next :— Mecliin v. Syme, May v. Hodgson, Austrnlian Financial Agency and Guarantee Company v. Danby, l'rnnty v. M'Mahon, M'lntyro v. Carrum Irrigation and Water Supply Trust, Lolmn v. Dillon, Tricks v. Collins, M'Pbcrson v. Brown; Tho npjilicntion made by the Viotorian branch of tho British Medical Association to bo givon cliargo of tho convict Dcoming's brain to con duct nn oxamination of it "in tlin intorests of science," hns rcoolvod tho attention of tho Attoinoy-GenOrnl. Yesterday Sir. Sliiols authorised a letter to be written to tho associa tion in reply, stating that tho reason givon at prosont is not suiiioiant to warrant nny departure from tho usual course in regard to tho disposal of a murderer's remains. A mooting of the members of the Royal Vio torian Institute of Aroliitoots took placo nt tho offices, iit Ludstone- cliambcrs, last night, Mr. Percy Oakdcn presiding. Mr. Rosotto rend a paper 011 Professional Charges. Ho advocated tho abolition of tho charge of 1 per cent, mndo to clients for tracings, and wno in favor of tho architect's commission being inndo to tho con tractor direct. It was an entirely wrong and per nicious practieo to cliargo a oommisslon to both parties to a contract, and whatovor commission it was decided upon as between architect and proprietor nhd nrchitoct and Contractor should be clearly stnted. Tho sohodula of oiiargcs of tho institute as at prosont drafted wns scarcely voluminous enough, and 011 many points there was a great deal of uncertainty. Tho Viotorian institute might woll follow the example of the Now South Wales institute and introduce simi lar modifications and regulations. A genornl discussion followed, tho opinion of tho meeting appearing to bo about equally divided botweon tho advisability of abolishing tho ohargo for tracings and allowing it to remain in force. Tho discussion was purely conversational and no resolutions wero moved. Tho Rev. Professor Roiitoul delivered tho first lecture of tho series inaugurated hy the Ormond College Theological Sooloty in tiie WyseiaSkio Hall yesterday afternoon. Tho subject of thbdis- course was, "Bible Criticism aiid thb Church's Lifo ami Mission," and an npproeintivo and attentive audicnao listened with earnest atten tion to tho professor's remarks 011 tho liighor criticism of latter days on the Scriptures. Pre mising his Icoturo by calling tiio attention of ills hearers to tho controversy that had been ongondorod by tho methods of tho now soiiool of oritical bolievors in Holy Writ, the locturor went on to show that those methods xvoro in 110 wise incompatible with the fullest aiid most implicit adherence to tho tcacbiugs of tho Bible. Tiio " higiior critioism," he said, might bo divided into two braiiohes, tho ono doaling with tho toxtual meaning of the Scrip tural teaching, and tho other and uiost im portant relating to tho readings. Ilowcror, to those wlto read tire lillilu by tho light of living faith, chronology and disputed renderings woro of little moment, and tho student who re cognised that it wits tho divine faith thnt had been handed down through tho centuries that was iuculoatod in all Scriptural teachings had made tbo most important stop to their iieoeSsary appreciation. The soiiool that was primarily re sponsible for tbo " higher oritieisin " had itsolf bcon subjeoted to no light critioism, but ho main tained that its iutulligoiit and earnest rosoarcli could only liavo tho effect of bringing thb teachings of Josus Christ into deoper and trioro general venoration. Tho adherents of this new soiiool numbered among thoin soma of tho most - earnest and distinguished disciples of Chris tianity, and sinco the timo thnt BiBltop Colonso's book bad fallen on tiio religious world, liko a " bolt from tho bluo," its following had gono on ihcrcasing and iilbrcasing. Tho higher aritioisih did not only apply to tho Old Testament, but it' was just as matorinl to tho now, and its general offeot would bo to bring peoplo moro into touoh with Christianity than was at prosont tho case. At tho conclusion of tho looturo Professor Ron ton! was warmly applauded; Tho Ministor of Pulilio Instruction, Mr. Peacock, with tho Secretary for Eduoation, Mr. Brodribb, visited llio Model School yostcrday, nnd inspooteil a number of art models in plaster of parlB received from Italy and Franoe. Tlioy inoltids a nnmbcr of subjeots by tho most eminent Continental artists, both past and pre sent. Oasts will bo takon of each, and fur nished to tho difforent art sohools throughout tho colony. An interesting trial of potato diggora will bo mndo to- morrow nt Romsey, undor tliu super vision of Mr. D. E. Martin, Secretary for Agrioulturc. Fiftoon mnohinos, soma being of foreign manufacture, will compoto for tho prizo of £250 offered by tho Government for tho ono thnt aonforms most to tho conditions of tho trial. TI10 following nro tho nrrangemonts for tho military sorvicos nt St. Paul's nnd St. Patrick's Cathedrals on Sunday noxt. Troops will parade undor regimental arrangements, and march off from their private parades so as to reaoli tho Cathedrals not later than 3 p.m. Aftor tho 8orvico tho troops will fall in as directed, and after mnrohiug a short distaneo may bo dis missed. Plans showing tho distribution of scuts at St. Paul's Cathedral will bo sont to all com manding officers. Tho Mnyor of Molbourno, as lion, treasurer for tho Distress Rolicf Fund, dosiros to acknow ledge tho receipt of tho following amounts : — His Exocllciioy tho Governor, £50; Mr, A. Snowdon, £5 5s.; Mr. J. O. "Williamson, £5 5s.; MisB Mario Holton, £5 5s,; Mr. R. A. Moon, 10s. . Messrs. Oommoll, Tnckett and Co, conduct a pro perty snlo, nt tlioir moms, at 110011, to-day. Mossrs. Dayloo and Co. will soil at their rootns, this day, at 2.30 sharp, proportios of the late Jns. » . Shovill, situated at Daiulonoiig-road, ICynoton, Bcaconsfiold and l'mliran. 