' Who is going to take pity on us ?' she asked. 'A Mr. Leicester--Harry Belton Leices t~er-for I saw his card, and Mrs. Deacon says he is quite a gentleman. Iam afraid he is not come at all too soon, for the Deacons are afraid that some sort of fever is breaking out in the village-down at the lower end, where those bricklayers live.' 'They're always having fevers, or some thing of the sort there,' said Nellie, gravely. SThey won't attend to anything one says to them. Good gracious me, Mr. Delamere, what it is the matter ? Are you ill ?' 'No--wliy ?' 'You look it, ithat's all. You look as if you have seen a ghost, or were going to faint, or something.' Nellie looked terribly frightened as she spoke, and he hastened tolundeceive her. 'I am not ill, I assure you,' he said, ' nor have I seen anything more than you two ladies. But hearing the name'Mrs. Carring ton has just mentioned was something like seeingjone. I had a notion that 'Beltbon Leicester was dead.' 'You know him then,' Nellie said, looking up at him in surprise.:.: 'I did. We were boys at school together.' 'And you have never seen him since. How funny.' ' 'I did not say that.. I have seen hiin since, but I had got the notion somehow that he was dead. I don't think he'll suit this place.' 'Perhaps you hope he won't, Mr. Dela mere.' Itwas'Mrs.' Carrington who spolke, and from some intuition she divined that the new doctor andNeville' Delamere would be antagonistic. There was something in the expression of the young man's face that looked very like fear when she mentioned the name of the new comer. Perhaps he knew of something'in the former life of Mr. Delamere that would not be to his credit if it were told, and she gave him credit for plenty that was dark and not fit for ladies' ears in his career. She was right. Neville Delamere was young in years but old in the vices and follies of the day. And it had been fear-a craven, cowardly fear that had filled his heart at the mention of the young surgeon's name. They had been boys together at school, friends then, and swearing an eternal fnrend ship when the time came for them to part and each go his own way in the world. And they had met again to be enemies to all time, and with a woman's broken heart and ruined name crying for vengeance from the gulf that lay between them. They had met in the busy world of London, as y iunig fellows do meet, Neville Delamere pretending to study art, in the listless fashion' iih whichi he studied every thing, and Belton Leicester at his work in the hospitals, ,a careful,. earnest student, making hIis~rivy as suchi men do make it, without any parade on his part or stir on the part of others. Love had come to them both, and for the same girl, a pretty creature, whose gentle face and trim figure earned her many a pound as a modlel, A good girl too, model though she was, and Belton Leicester would have made her his wife. He had no friends to be horrified at such a step, and he loved Lettice Gower truly and sincerely. But Neville Delamere had the longer purse and the more winning tongue, and Lettice was weak and let him win her. Belton Leicester, going away to a country situation, gave her up, with what. .a heart wrench only he himself could have told, to the man who, as he believed, loved her sincerely, He went his way alone, leaving the girl be loved so dearly to be the honoured wife of his friend, and came back to London only a brief year after to see her die in a hospital ward, of the shame and grief of being abandoned. The)y had taken her out of the river where she had thrown herself to get rid of the burden of her existence, and it was the faithful lover she had discarded, who closed her eyes when Heaven mercifully took her away from this world and its sufferings for ever. CIIAPTER V. IT was the purest chance that led Mr. Leicester to take the very poor business that was offered him at Springfield. H-e was not wholly dependent on his pro fession, for be had come into a little money through tle death of a grateful patient to whom be had been very attentive. He was somewhat of an enthusiast, and fancied that he could be of more use in this obscure parish perhaps than working his way in the ordinrry course of a doctor's career. He longed to help to elevate the poor and to widen their ideas, to help the mothers to understand how to keep their'children healthy and their homes pure; in short, he had planned out for himself a life of useful ness lilke many other young and ardent men, and hoped by hard work to drive away the heartache that came sometimes unbidden and brought Lettice in her beauty and her sorrow too vividly to his mind. He had not forgotten his love and its etid ing yet-he never would, though time might soften the sting of it. It was two years old now and it was a very present grief still. He was a reticent and undemonsirative man where his innermost feelings were' con cerned, and no one knowing him only superficially would have given him credit for the intense passion that hIad swept over him like a whirlwind and left its traces in certain hard lisies about his mouth andas weary look in his dark eyes. He was a handsome man with an oval face and fine, regular features, and, more than this, with goodness in his face as well as beauty, a man who would never tell anything but the truth come what would of it, and would go to the death it need be for the right. A man who would be in some sort thrown away in such a place as Springfield, but who would come upon the little village like a sunbeam and point the way to better things than the ignorance and confusion which had reigned there till now. Sir Darcie Rivers had been a somewhat lax ruler. He was a proud and sensitive man, and after his wife's death he had left things pretty much to his steward, who had more contempt than pity for the struggles of the poor, and let them go their own way and muddle on as they could. When Nellie began her reign with far more of practical good sense than ever her father could boast .of, and no experience to guide her, she rathermade matters worse than better. She made the poor people adore her and flung help indiscriminately right and left like an impulsive girl as she was. Thie sight of anyone hungry.or in -trouble was enough for her, the hunger must be oppeased and the trouble must be mended somehow, and she generally went the wrong way to work. The vicar and his wife, who were her very good friends, did their best to regulate the charity that w?as so indiscriminate, and Nellie's liberal hand helped them to alleviate many a case of distress that they would otherwise have had to leave unaided. They did what they could, but the arrival of the new doctor with health, energy, and, what was better than all, good sense, was hailed by them with delight. I-e looked something too large for the little rdom in which he had taken up his abode, as he stood looking out of the window after he had been to call on the clergyman and his pleasant, genial wife. He was tall and well- made, with lithe, strong limbs, and great muscular strength. He had educated his muscles as well as his mind, and the result was a physique hardly to be matched anywhere for condition and appearance. The doctor's house, as it was always called, which had been occupied by tle medical man of the place for many years, was shut up now and in such a dilapidated condition that Mr. Leicester declined to have anything todo with it. t I don't want a house,' he said, 'and I don't like mice and rats, to say nothing of owls,' a pair of which inconvenient lodgers had taken up their abode in the kIitchen chimney, ' I must get someone to take me in till I can see myself where I should like to live.' There was the woman who had ' done for' the last doctor he was told, and he tosk the -tiny roonis for the present, feeling very much amused at the contrast between their size and his own stalwart proportions. The last doctor who had been 'done for' by the woman of the house, had been a little man of meek manners and feeble appear anQe, and small room had sufficed for him and his belongings. Mir. Leicester was different, and the good woman was sorely dismayed at the number of cases and trunks she was expected to stow away- though she took a fancy to her new lodger at once, and declared herself ready to do anything for so nice a gentleman. His face was very grave as he stood at his little window on this fine autumn day. lie had been to the vicarage and he had heard a great deal about the parish and his neigh. bours both rich and poor. *He had learned who occupied the two great houses of the place, and he had gathered the information casually given that Neville Delamere was in the neighbourhood and tolerably popular to boot. 'Again,' he muttered, as he recalled what he had been told. 'I did hope I should never see his false face again in this world. And winning the love of a pure young girl. The false hound l Shall I expose him, or shall I let him go on in his villainy, and see another heart and soul ruined for this world and the next by his wicked lies ?' ' A gentleman asking for you, sir.' The landlady entered with a card in her soapy hand, it was her washing day, and she had rushed away from her tub to answer the peremptory double knock, which Mr. Leicester in his preoccupation did not, hear. The visitor,whoever it was, had approached the house from the other side and had not passed his window. ' Who is it ?' he asked, not much in the mood for company. 'I would rather not see anyone just now. 'It's Mr. Delamere, sir.' 'Mr. who ?' ' MIr. Delamere, sir.' She spoke as if it were an honour to have him call her at her house, and so indeed it was. .The villagers looked up with a proper awe and respect to the occupants of Ray. brook and Milverstone. - Show Mr. Delamere in.' :The voice was so sharp and icy that she stared at her new lodger in dismay. - 'He's got a temper,' she said to herself as she hurried away to admit Neville Delamere. '?is eyes just flashed as he spoke-Heaven send I don't do anything to offend him.' The two men who had faced each other last by the deathrbed of the woman they both loved - for Belton Leicester had hunted up his rival and made him come to the poor creature he had wronged-stood together in the little room, looking at one another. Neville was the first to speak. 'Look here, Leicester,' he said, boldly enough, though there was a nervous trepida tion in his voice and manner that showed him to be ill at ease, 'I came to- ' 'To take the bull by the horns, Isuppose,' Belton Leicester said, taking no notice of the hand that the other held out to him. ' To find out whether I, the obscure surgeon with no particular position here, was likely to turn 6ut friend or foe to the envied nephew of Mr... Blennerhasset.' 'No, quite that. I did want to see whether you were likely to be friendly or not-I hate to be ill friends with people, and-' ' And there is not the slightest necessity for there to be either friendship or enmity between us"now. I should prefer being an utter stranger. to you, Mr. Delamere.' 'Ah, we can't be quite that, you know. I have alreadytold Miss- well, a friend of mine, that I knew you once.' 'Miss" Rivers, I suppose, the young lady you want for your wife. Is she the young lady ?' i B ha 'Yes, she is. But, hang it all, how do you know anything aboutit, no one knows anything about it yet.' 'Everyone talksoabout it pretty openly,' Mr. Leicester replied. 'I rather wonder you bragged of your keowledge of me, know ing what I could tell Miss Rivers it I chose.' 'Ah, but you won't tell her; that's just what I wanted tosee you for. It's all gone by a long time now, antd there's.no good in ralking up things that are disagreeable.' 'And there would be less good in letting a scoundrel like you-oh, I am not going to choose my words in speaking to you-marry a pure, innocent girl, as I hear she is, Why should I let you link your black life to her bright innocence when a word from me would stop such a profanation ?' 'Because she loves me and I love her. Because she would not believe any story against me if you swore it on your knees. Because, if you will have it, and I am not a man to boast of that sort of thing, I am a different fellow to what I was when that wretched business tookplace. Besides--' 'Besides what ?'. 'She was not worth it all-Lettice Gower, I mean- she was---' What she was he never uttered, for Belton Leicester's hand was on his mouth before he could speak another word, and he had caught him by the collar with a grip that tbreatened to strangle him. 'Stop,' he said, in a low, hissing tone, 'don't say any more or I shall kill you I think, Have you no more reverence for the girl whom you murdered as surely as if you had stabbed her to the heart with your wicked hand than to slander her ? You shall not do it in my hearing. My poor little love I' I-e flung the speechless coward from him and drew himself up. 'This is not the way to receive a guest, Mr. Delamere,' he said, in an icy tone, 'but you have yourself to thank for it. How dared you breathe a word about her to me who loved her so, who love her memory still as man never loved before ? If I gave you your, deserts I should publish the story through the whole parish--ay, through the whole world.' 'But you won't, Leicester? you won't undo all my prospects, brighter now than they ever were, than they ever could be again ? If I lost this chance, and it is not only myself that I think of, it would break her heart if she thought me wicked, and-' 'Go your way, Belton Leicester said, with bitter scorn, ' I don't want to interfere with you, Make love to the young lady if you choose. Win her if you can, but be true to her. Slight her or neglect her when you have won her heart and, as sure as there is a' I-Ieaven above us, she shall have the whole story of Lettice Gower from beginning to end to show her what a false villain she has given herself to.' 'I have won her heart already,' Neville Delamere said, ' and in hurting me you would hurt her, but it is a secret as yet and you must keep it for the present.' 'A secret ? when it was almost the first thing I heard when I came here ?' 'It is no secret that I care for her. I dare swear that the blindest fool in the parish has seen that much. A fellow can't always hide love. Ah, you needn't sneer, Leicester, it is love, and true love too, the first I ever felt.' 'We won't argue that point. Go your way and make yourself master of Milverstone by what lies you may. I will not spoil sport nor chatter, you may make sure of that.' 'But you and I, Leicester, we can be friends. Let the past die, it is so long ago.' 'I vill let it die when I can forget my love's dead face,' .was Leicester's grave reply, 'when I forget that but for you she might have been alive now, my honoured wife. There can be no friendship between you and me, Neville Delamere, but there need be no enmity. Go your own way and leave me to go mine.' Even that much was something, Leicester was not going to tell Nellie, and Neville Delamere walked back again to Raybrook in high spirits. 'It will be all right,' he said to himself. 'I shall have Milverstone and my bonnie Nellie into the bargain. The fellow carried it with such a high hand that I really did not know how much he might have in his head. It's a horrid nuisance that Lettice Gower affair cropped up in this fashion. No one else knows anything abou: it, that's one comfort, and he won't tell now. He has such wonderful notions of honour. He is not a bit altered, sets up for being so ,much better than his fellows, as he always did. He knows nothing about what has happened since, that's another good thing. The sooner I can persuade Nellie to marry me the better.' ' I suppose I must introduce myself, Mr. Leicester. I am Nellie Rivers.' It was some days alter the new doctor's arrival before he saw the young heiress whose name was in everybody's mouth, and when he did it was at the bedside of a poor woman whose household cares and many children had worn her down so that when sickness did come it found her an easy prey and laid her on what would in all probability have been her death-bed but for Nellie's timely ministrations in the shape of nourishing things and comforts of all sorts. Belton Leicester bowed to the fair young girl and wondered no more at the praises he had heard bestowed on her on all sides. He took the hand she held out to him with such engaging frankness and wondered what the pure soul that he saw looking out of her eyes could have in common with the coarse mind and black heart of Neville Delamnere. SOh, if I dared warn her,' he said to him self, 'if I could only save her from him.' And then he talked to her on indifferent subjects and learned a great deal from her about the people who were to be his special, charge and more particulars of the case over which they had met than he had been able to gather from the sick woman herself. 'They will talk to me you see,' Nellie said, in half apology, 'I am like one of themselves and I hear all about it.' ' That just what I want to be, one of them selves,' the doctor said, kindly, as he took the woman's hand and spoke to her. And he bade her be of good cheer and she would be well soon. And then he bade Nellie good-bye and went his way to find her pretty face and sweet voice come sadly between him and his work for the test of the day. CHAPTER VI. 'I:must say, my dear, that I think Lady Rivers quite right.' 'Right ! To forget she was a lady and scold like a Billingsgate fishwoman. 'I don't think she was right to interfere at all, it is no business of hers.' The speakers were Mr. and Mrs. Blenner hasset, who had returned from their Paris trip and were once more at Raybrook; They had come in the nick of, time as it seemed, for there was what Neville called a 'row royal' going on at Milverstone. The good lady had come, as she very often did, to pay Nellie a visit, and assure herselt, as she told her husband, that the misguided girl was not doing anything specially'disgraceful. Ever since her niece's rejection of her son she had chosen to believe her guilty of every enormity that could be im agined, and deemed it her duty to drop in upon the household at all sorts of times and take them by surprise. The servants resented her interference--as well they might. for there was not a better ordered household to be found anywhere than that over which Miss Rivers and Mrs. Carrington presided. Nellie had a peculiar faculty for manage ment, and her companion was the very soul of order, and directed matters in a much better fashion than the baronet's wife, who bad a.way of wvorrying and watching her servants, which was alike harassipg to them and lowering to her own dignity. She could not understand that a good servant is a person to be valued, and trusted; and by always assuming that those about her would cheat her if they could, she contrived to live in a constant state of suspicious ferment. The smoothness with which everything at Milverstote went annoyed her, and she in sisted that Nellie was being robbed right and left, and exposed herself to some disagree able rebuffs from the servants in her en deavours to prove that some of them at least must be dishonest. In vain her husband ordered her to nind her own business and let Nellie alone. It was for the girl's good, she declaied, and she and her eldest daughter, a.girl a trifle younger than her cousin, took. every opportunity they could of quartering them selves on Nellie and enjoying the good things that she showered upon them without stint. She was hospitality itself, and though she: was always glad when her aunt's im'prorptu visits came to an end, she never failed in kindness to her and Millicent when they stayed at her house. Millicent Rivers was a sufficiently pretty girl without any great pretensions to being either clever or attractive, but she was inordinately vain and miserably jealous of her cousin, and she felt as if she had been in some fashion deprived of her rights by Milverstone belonging to Nellie. The estate ought to have gone with the title, she declared, forgetting that her uncle had bought the place back from the people to whom it had been sold in his father's im pecunious days, and that there was no entail or any reason whatever why it should not have been left to his daughter. Miss Milly would accept whatever her cousin chose to give her and sponge upon her, as narrow.minded natures will, but she never gave her credit for any goodness or generosity. 'It was the least Nellie could do,' she would say, 'if she hlad done what mamma had wished to and married Darcie, there would have been some amends to them all for the shameful way in which things had been left.' It was Millicent who had been the cause of the explosion to which Mrs. Blenner hasset referred. She burst into her cousin's boudoir one morning in her usual brusque fashion. She found Nellie--but not alone, Neville Dela mere was there, and he held Miss Rivers in his arms in a fashion that only had one interpretation. Millicent uttered an exclammation of sur prise, and the lovers turned sharply round, startled and annoyed at the intrusion. They had deemed themselves alone and had forgotten, as lovers are apt to do, that there was anyone in the world besides them selves. 'I beg your pardon,' said Millicent after a moment's dismayed pause, 'I had no idea-' 'Of course not, Millie dear,' Nellie said, calmly enough, though her face was crimson and her heart was beating furiously as she uttered the words, ' you have never been en lightened.' 'But we had better enlighten her now, eh, Nellie?' said Neville Delamere, encircling her waist with his asem once more and facing the staring Millicent. ' Your cousin has promised to be my wife, Miss Millicent, so the embrace which seems to have shocked yob so much was my right.' 'Your wife, Mr. Delamere ? Nellie !' 'Yes- why not?' Millicent could hardly have spoken the 'why not.' She had a fancy that she should have liked handsome Mr. Delamere for herself, but he seemed strangely insensible to her charms. It was accounted for now-that sly Nellie, who seemed to stand between her and all the good things of this life, had taken also this good-looking Neville Delamere. What did she want with him ? He was no catch for her, and he would have been for the baronet's daughter. 'Oh of course there is no reason why it should not be,' she said, somewhat spitefully. 'I was surprised, that is all, and so will mamma be,' she added, 'she had no idea, I am sure, that any such happy event is in anticipation.' 'Your cousin is an amiable girl, darling,' said Neville to Nellie, when the door had closed behind Miss Millicent, 'she'll bring the old party down on you without delay shall I try and help you through your troubles ?' 'No,' said Nellie, laughing, 'I think I am a match for my aunt. I don't like the pros pect though, she can be very violent when she is displeased.' 'Violent ?' 'In words only, I mean of course. She forgets that she is a lady, and storms in the coarsest way.' 'Ah, well, you must make some allowance for her disappointment. She wanted you and Milverstone for that cub of hers-excuse me for calling your relations names, but your Cousin Darcie is a cub, pure and simple.' 'Darcie is a very nice.fellow, and did as he was bid; I won't have him abused.' ' Well I wont abuse him, and now I had better go, unless I am to stay and help you through the row;. There'll be one you know, and a hot one.' 'Yes, I know; I won't have you here, you would only make matters worse. You would be sure to say something to aggravate my aunt and make things harder for me.' 'That I should. I can't stand my lady at all.' 'Well, go then; you may give me a kiss first to strengthen me for my coming trial if you like.' If he liked ! he liked to give her half-a dozen and then another or two after that, and he only got away as Lady Rivers came sailing in full of wrath and spite, and pro ceeded to vent it in her own particular way on the devoted head of her niece. TO BE CONTINUESD. 