sporting. TURF. (Br Early Bird.) ;' ""'The Lillie Bridge Pony and Trotting Club will bring off a meeting to- night, tirat race starting at a quarter-past 8 o'clock. Following is Mr. J. 0!Donnell's bill of faro for the next meeting of the Liverpool Pony and Galloway Club set down for de cision on September 9, entries for which close to-morrow at 8 p.m.: — Pony Handicap of 20 so v«. (13.3), four furlongs and a half ; Epsom Handicap of 20 sovs., for all horses two years old and upwards (no limit to height), live furlongs ; Selling Race of 25 sovs. (14.2), winner to be sold for 1 sov., four furlongs ; River Handicap of 20 sovs, (14), five furlongs ; and Metropolitan Han dicap of 25 sovs. (horses), one mile one fur long. Mr. G. B. Rowloy will receive nomina tions up to 5 p.m. to-day for a pony and galloway meeting to be run off on September 12\. The full programme has already ap peared in these columns, and weights are promised on Septembor 12. The spring meeting of tho Australian Jockey Club commences at Randwick on Saturday next, when the Derby and Epsom Handicap will be witnessed. By his victory on Saturday in the Hawkes- bury Handicap Selkirk, by Robinson Crusoe, has incurred a 71b. penalty in the Metro- politan Stakes, which brings his weight up to 6st. 111b. Alcides has likewise increased hi3 impost in the Epsom Handicap, and will carry 7st. Gib. "Ribbleden," the sporting editor of the Australasia?-', is spending his holidays in Sydnoy. Attached is Mr. H. Taylor's programme for a meeting of the Lillie Bridge Pony and Trotting Club to come off on Monday night, September 12: — Midget Handicap (12.1), three furlongs ; Forest Handicap (13.3), six furlongs: Toxteth Handicap (13), five fur longs ; Time Handicap Pony Trot (14), one mile and a half ; and Bridge Handicap (12.3), five furlongs. Entries close on Wednesday at 4 o'clock. Tho old-established Hawkcsbury Race Club brought its 1S92 spring meeting to a successful conclusion on Saturday lost, During the greater part of the week the weather was altogether against the success of the reunion, and rendered the course very sloppy and slow. Sydnoy people, however, were not to be deterred from attending by such trifles, and it is reasonable to believo' that after all the receipts will just about clear the expenditure. On tho whole the fields were extremely small, but thcdiiterent contests were good, and when tho settling of accounts takes place to-day I expect to see ah ".equallcr" between layers and backers. Ho fault can bo found with tho Railway Department, as the journeys to and fro were got over in the most expeditious and praiseworthy manner, the 'officials doing their utmost to make tourists as comfortable as lay in their power. Mr. C. S. Guest's long experience as secretary to the club stood to him right through the meetiug, and, together with his brother officials, general satisfaction was expressed at their management. Rain foil at intervals during tho day, making everything miserable. The ball was set roll ing with the Members' Handicup, for which Thornbnek. by The Drummci — Tho Thorn, was made first favorite, and he justified the confidence reposed in him by winning by a leDgth from Mulgrove, with Victor Hugo third. Whether Xhornbnck was justly entitled, to the prize on the score of merit is n matter about which his backers are not at all likely to trouble themselves, bnt it would not sur prise a few if sonio of his then opponents reverse the order oi things when next they meet. The September Handicap furnished a baker's dozen, when the much-boasted Anarrow was once more allotted tho post of favorite. Bnt he ran as badly as ever, and was beaten out of a place by such moderates «b Profit, Royal Arch, and Lady Trenton, which certainly dees not say much for the up- country champion. Numerically considered, the field for tho Hawkesbury Handicap, with its 250 sovb. for the winner, was very poor indeed, nor can much be said in its favor so far as the brilliancy of the com petitors was concerned. Tridcntine, with 9st. 31b., was undoubtedly the best of the hatch, but whatever chance tho Clarence mare might have had was lost owing to the state of the ground. Althotas has never proved himself a wonder, and Gaytimo has has only caused herself to be considered a third-rater and not good at that. On the strength of a rumor getting abroad to tho effect that Selkirk, who is trained at Rose- hill, was stones superior to Epinicion, the son of Robinson Crusoe, was most sought after and bsoked down to 5 to 2. Then came Gaytime at 4 to 1, followed at longer quota tions by Tridentine, Princess and Hegira, while lengthy prices were offered against the remainder. Tho race, for an event of such importance, was devoid of much interest. Rosstollan made the running until threo furlongs from homo, where Selkirk, who lay back last till then, galloped past his horses and led into the straight by three lengths from Princess. At the distance Selkirk went right away and without any apparent effort won by eight lengths from Princess, with Everistas third, followed by Lancer, Barnaby Rudge, Hegiia and Gavtime. With this race out of tho way, Southerly Buster, Glengarry and Kensington filed out for the Disposal Stakes, being backed as written, and finishing in tho same order, aftor which tho ancient son of Robinson Crusoe was bought in by Mr. Kelso for £38. After Thornback's win in the opening race he was voted as the best of the 10 starters in the Spring Welter, but he did his best to keep faith with his friends by finishing second to Blucgown, by Epigram. The winner is recognised as a veritable glutton in muddy going, and cer tainly showed that such is his game by annexing the prize by a length with a pound or two up his sleeve. , Another addition has been made to the already lengthy list of ponies and galloways racing in the metropolis by the arrival of the chestnut mare Marvella from the CInrenco River, from which so many of the good ones have come. Marvella ranks in the 13.3 class, and has proved her ability to gallop by winning her class handicaps at both Grafton and South Grafton recently. . Alcides, the winner of tho County Purse the first of the New Zealand siro Anteroa' get after being mated with the celebrated matrons at Gordon Brook, Clarence River. He did not race in that district, being sold as a yearling. Alba, now in Fielder's stable, is a full sister to Alcides, and has proved her ability to gallop by wininug tho Mares' Produce Stukes at Grafton and the Sires' Produce at CaBino. Tho English St. Leger Stakes will be ran on Wednesday,- for which Orme is an oven money favorite. La Fltohe has been backed at 5 to 1, at which price Sir Hugo, the Derby winner finds friends, Watercress is quoted at 10 to 1. The South Australian brood mare Foot- Btep has dropped a full brother to The Admiral. The great Collingwood stables, Baltimore (America) were recently struck by lightning, when 16 valuable horses were roasted alive. The animals were valued at £100,000, and nmong them was the 'imported English sire Galore, by Galopin from Lady Maura. Entries for the Newcastle Jockey Club's meeting, which takes place on Septem ber 22 and 24 are due ut 4 p.m. to-day. The sum of £1300 was distributed in prize money by the Hawkesbury Rnce Clnb at its recent spring meeting. The winners and the amounts they receive are as fol low: — Messrs. W. Miller, £250; J. Monaghan, £170; E. Keys, £165; A. N. Barnier, £90 ; W. Kelso, £85 ; J. Yeomans, J. PaytcD, M. Thompson and T. Frost,. £75 each ; J. M ayo, £50 ; H. Bennett, £30 ; A. and P. il'Dermott, £25 ;'W, J. Smith, £20 ; T. Ivory, £20 ; D. J. Campbell, £20 ; H. Gitrratt, C. T. Roberts and H. Oxenham, £15 each ; and W. J. Franks, S. R. Kennedy and I. Earnshaw, £10 each. The following scratchings have been made in connection with the A.J.C. spring meet ing:— Oaks : Escapade, Orlove. All engage ments : Moonray, Saraband, Gold Drum and Dalesman. Tho members of tho Sydney Hunt Clnb met ut Parramatta on Saturday afternoon for a run with tho hounds. Amongst those present were: — The master (Mr. W, Cope) on Waverley, Dr. Garrett on Johnny III,, Messrs. R. W. Leneban on Tudor, H Francis on Peter Simple, J. H. Galbraith on Ban tam, M, Ford on Wrangler, Eric Terry on Zoe, B. Cortis on Helios, Juliana on Satan, D. H. Bucknell on Peer, J. M'Crow on The Ghost, H. W. Rogers on Tory, E. Braddy on Peter Jackson, W. Williamson on Tommy Ryan, W. Lnmb on Dorothy, W. Hayes on My Lord, C. J. Lamb on Schnapper, W. - Crew on Major, Montgomery on Redlcap II., Cox on Lieutenant, Triton on Meangra, Boylo on Emperor. Master Len. Harrison on Piecrust, Luckey (the huntsman) on Woodbine, and Fitzgerald and Gordon (the whips) on Snake and Texas Jack respectively. A very suc cessful run was made to Prospect, the hounds performing admirably, and the horses jumping splendidly. The next meet takes place on Saturday. 