Singular " Ghost " Story from Peterborough. A FRIGHTFUL SCARE. The pooplo of Peterborough nro greatly disturbed concorning tho ox- raordinary proceedings of a ghost. .Somo months ago a small houso in Mayor's-walk was to lot, and it was laiton Dy a railway man iianica .iiihiob, whoso family consisted of his wifo, brothor, wifo's brothor, and throo childron. Evor sinco going into tho houso thoy hnd hcon subjected to tho most extraordinary and terrifying ox- porionccs, until thoy woro driven from tlio placo. For a long timo tlioy bo- liovod tlioy woro boing mndo tho sub- jocb of a praotical joke, and ovory moans wns adopted to discover tbo porpotrntors. Neighbours aud othors woro called in, who sat up all night in terror. A private dotoctivo, who had boon successful in oxposing im postures of a ghostly character, wns also called in, but ho fled boforo tho morning dawned. Whilst tlio inmates woro in bod an invisible hand liftod tho bod-clothos, andthvow thom.on tho floor. Tho doora would bo shaken with groat violcnco. On ono such occasion a door wns partly broken, nlthough Dimes wns in tbo room at tlio timo. But, perhnps tho most terrifying part of tho proceedings was tho uuonrthly noises that accompanied thoso manifestations. Ono witness states that it wns liko a portion of tho house falling in with n crash. Anothor described it as though a cart-load of bricks had boon tipped up in tho houso. Tho noises varied, aiul occasionally woro liko a tablo laden witli crockery boing ovorturnod. Tho private dotoctivo says ho hoard wlmt lio imagined to bo a sack of conls drawn along tlio land- ing, hnd then thrown down tho stairs. Slrnngo to say, howovor, that al though tho noises woro so groat ns to alarm all tho neighbours, nothing in tlio houso was ovor found displaced. Tho visitations woro almost invariably preceded by a low humming noiso, ns if caused bv a rushing wind. Tlio neighbours declared thnt houses havo been shnkon as if by tho roports of cannon. Tho noises woro not always so dreadful. Tho Friday boforo | Christmas Day, and tho last night but ono of tho old yoar, woro Bald to bo t tlio worst, and tho noisos on thoso I days aro said to havo boon most liidoous,' whilo . sOvorol of tho othor houses in 'tlio vicinity woro shaken, and tho residents woro awnkonod by tlio noiso and greatly alarmed. A numbor of witnesses, who. had volun teered to watch in aiid about tho house, all dcclnro thomsolvos incap- nblo of explaining tho extraordinary . plionomcnn thoy witnessed. 