THE INTERCOLONIAL EIGHT-OARED »/■' RACE IN QUEENSLAND. (Bt Otnt Special Representative, i 2 Brisbane, May 2Stli. | Tho city was : en fete to-day upon the occasion of the great intercolonial aquatic contest, which this year took place upon the Brisbane River. Having so pluckily won their spurs in the competition at Sydney last year, the local oarsmen returned' with their " blushing honors thick upon .them;" land received a well-deserved ovation from their supporters in Brisbane. They had achieved, a victory of which the Queensland people' were proud, and, in consequence, an, impetus was given to rowing to which that noble sport could justly lay claim. ' The fact was demonstrated that Queensland could furnish an eight which it would never do to hold too cheaply: and so for some time past great preparations have been going on in order that the crow to represent this colony might bo able to retain the proud distinction of champions. Brisbane is a city that cannot boast of a sporting reputation much be yond tho precincts of the racecourse. Perhaps the climute is against them, but tho colony, as such, is far from from being famous in tho world of athletics. There are, it is true, several fine cricket and Rugby football clubs here, but they are shabbily treated ■ by the public in the matter of financial help. Tho public men "of Brisbane, with but fow excep tions, are as unlike the public men of Melbourne as chalk is unlike cheese, and as a natural result tlie oncouragementso libenilly accorded in Victoria to all classes of sport is sadly missed here by the various clubs. A great many people hero have , an utter ab horrence of anything that tends to " protec tion," and it is just likely that this principle obtains in the direction abovo indicated. The palpable outcome of this neglect is that true sport languishes. Take, for . instance, bno department of athletics—rowing. How does it faro '■ The Brisbane river is, perhaps, as tine a stream as any oarsman in the - world could wish to row upon, nud " there needs no ghost" to tell us that southern visitors would fain take it with them upon rcturuing, were that possible, in order to replace tlic Xarra with something that would add luslro to the <jue<;H city of the south. Its many noble reaches are magnificent sttctclics of water ; while its banks, thickly studded and beauti fully ornamented by sub-tropical, trees and plants of great variety and luxuriant foliage, furnish , landscape pictures that would enchant the eyo of any artist. Rowing upon a river like this is a profound pleasure, and itris not to be wondered at that, those who have boats for hire do a lucrativo business. But while the local citizens are proud. of their nvcr, and frequently seek ^ recreation upon it, rowing men do not seem inspired with the desire to excel in their art to tlio degree that characterises their fellow-oars men in the other colonics ; and this is mainly to he accounted for by the scant assistance given to them from quarters whenco they should expect to receive it. Scratch contests should he got up, and prizesoffered by leading public tnen, in order'to stimulate the rowing community, and until something like this is done, aud done in a whole- hearted way, Brisbane may never expect to rise above tlio level of aquatic mediocrity. Great excite xnent has prevailed during tlie past week in anticipation of tlio contest, and the local eight wero much fancied by tlicir immediate supporters, who, reiving upon their last year's excellent performance, took' it for granted that, in their own waters, the victory would be repeated. But tlio " wish was father to the thought." They made no allowance for the improvement of others suffering under defeat, or rather insufficient allowance, and permitted themselves to bo flattered by theircritics, and buoyed up by their coaches. "To such an extent did this prevail, that the New South Wales crew were almost ignored in tho daily reports of the three crews' practice. Victoria was looked upon with a ccrtcin amount of fear, but there was never any hesitation in the minds of tho knowing onesas to the victorious crew. Of course, as the result showed, tho Brisbane eight wero nowhere. In fact, within a few.hundred yards of homo they cased considerably, then being several lengths off Now South Wales. The performance of the latter crew was indeed a very game one, and for a great part of the distanco they seemed to be tho winners.' But tho clock- like motion of tlio Victorian eight and their spleiidid staying powers won Ihe race, and R. B. Nicholson, as stroke, is de serving of tlie greatest praise for the way in which he handled liis men. The Corio Bay bout, used by tlio victors was much admired, and it would ho a groat thing for tho Brisbane club to luivo a president like Mr J. R. Hopkins. There must have been an attend ance of 10,000 people at tho finishing post, .aud a flotilla of quite .100 yachts una several steaineriu Tho sight was one not. likely to he soon forgotten by those present, though the number would have been much larger but for the threatening state of the "weather,, aud also the counter attraction of the Queens land Turf Club Races. 