am. STEAD'S 'KKAI. GHOST STORIES.' ' Real Ghost Stories' is the title of the Christmas number of the RevUwof Brvi'Wi i. The collection Includes several old-fasti lolled blood curdlers ; hut the sixpenny worth, as a whole, may De descriiied as unique. Following ure a few examples nf Mr. Stead's bensa tioop : — Tile i l 'aof using tbe clairvoyant aa a spiritual sleuth-hound to track down an unknown murderer has always been a fascinating one. A Swedish doctor gives an account of a case in which everything in the viilon tallied with tbe case after wards got tozetber agaiust a particular man, whn bad a feud with tbe murdered man, but wbo got off with a sort of ' not proven' verdict 'The clairvoyant was hypnotised In my wife's presence and then ordered ' to look for the place where tbe murder bal been committed aud see tbe whole scene, follow I bo murderer In bis flight, and describe him and bis home and tbe motive for Ihe murder.' Mias Olsen tlx n spoke as follows, In great agitation, sometimes using violent geslureB, I took notes of herexHot words and reproduce tbem here fully ' It is between; two villager) — I see a road— In a wood— now It I a coming — (be gun— now he is mining along, driving— the borse lsafral of tbe stones— bold tbe horse ! bold' the torse 1 now I now be Is killing him— be vbb kneeling wben be fired — blood ! bio 01 now he la running In tbe wood— eel ' blm I— be Ib rannlng in an opposite -1 reollon to the horse In many circuits— u t on any footpaths. He wears a oap and ey clothes— light— bas long, coarse brown hair, which hna not been cut for a long time— grey-blue eyeB —treacherous looks— great dark brown beard— be Ib accustomed to wnrk on tlie land. I believe ibe has cut bis right baud. He lias a *kar or a Btreuk between blB thumb and brefinger. He Ib sus picious and a cowfrd. * Tbe murderer'' home is a red wooden bouse, standing i little way hack from the roBd, On tbejground floor U a room wblcb leads Into the kitchen, and from tbat spaln Into tbt passage. There Is al' O a larger room which does not com muitfc*te wilh the kitchen. The church of WisB'ljsrda Is situated obliquely to your right wben you are standing In tbe passage. ' His motive was enmity ; it seems as if ho bsd brought something — taken some thing— a paper. He went siway from home at daybreak, and tbe murder was committed in tbe evening. ' Miss Olseu wbb then awakened, and, like »ll my subjects, she remembered per fectly what she bad been seeing, wblol) had made a very profound Impression on her.' ' Everything tallied, an ft turned out, down to the ecar on tbe hand. The clairvoyant, had neve.r seen the murderer in her life, uud knew nothlug ol the circumstances. 'Supernatural' warnings are sometimes on trivial mibjpc'e ; sometimes, while S' rious and even tragic, they seem powerless to avert the danger against which they warn. Mr. Hte»'1 qnote» a story from the accumulations of tb* 8.P.R. wbloh 'Is.fiill of the tragic fasci nation which a'tnehesto the struggle of a brave man, repeatedly warned of his com ing death, struggling In vain to avert the event which was lo prove fatal, and ul timately perishing within the sight of those to whom he hari revealed the vision.' The story in brief Ib as fol lows :— ' Mr. Fleet wiw third mate on the sail ing ship Persian Empire, which left Ade laide for Loudon in 18SS One of the crew, Cleary by name, dreamed before starting that on Christmas morning, as the Persian Empire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy gale, be was ordered with the rest of hiB watch tn e-cure a lioat hanging in the davits over the side. He and another got into the boat wben a fearful sea broke over the ship, washing tbem both out of the boat Into tbe sea, where they were both drowned. The dream made such an impression upon him tbat he was most reluctant to join tho ship, but he overcame his scruples ard sailed. Ou Christm»s Eve, wben they were nearlng Cape Horn, Cleary tiHd a repetition of his dream, exact in all its particulars. He uttered a terrible cry, and keptmuttering, 'I know it will come true.' On Christmas Day, exactly, as tie bad forseen, Cleary and the rest of tbe watch were ordered toeecureahoat hang in the davits. Cleary flatly refused. He said be refused because he knew be would be drowned, that all tbe circumstances nf bis dream bad come true up to that moment, and if be went Into tbat b.iat be would die. He wbb taken below tn tbe captain, and his refusal to discharge duty was entered In tbe log. Tbeu tbe chief officer, Douglas, took the pen to sign his name. Cleary suddenly looked at bim and i xciaimed, ' I will go to my duty, for now I know the otber man in my dream.' H» told Douglas, as tbey when on deck, of his dream. They got into tbe boat, nnd wben they were all making tfght « heavy sea struck tbe vessel with sucb force that tbe crew would bave been washed overboard bad Ihey not clung to the mast. The boat was torned over, and Douglas and Cleary were flung into the sea. They swam for a little time and then went down. It waa just three monthB after be bad dreamed of ft before leaving Adelaide.' Here l» another thrilling sailor-story beari' ? on Hie subject of apparitions at the moment of death : — 'A great gust of wind seized the half slackened maintop-sail, and sent it flut tering into fragments. At the same moment the ship reeled nearly on ber beam ends, and above tbe bowling of the gale, we beard a sudden cry of despair. I was horrified to see an apprentice, J ? P ? , sent whirling headlong from the masthead into tbe ses. Even yet I can sen tbe look of agony stamped on biB up turned race, an-1 I can hear tb* very tones nf bin heartrending cry, 'Oh ! Lucy, Lucy,' as he disappeared for ever In the darkness below. ' After the storm abated, tbe ceptain made a careful note of the exact time of tbe occurrence, the position of tbe ship, and the other particulars. He seemed struck at my mention of the exclamation I bad overheard fallinf Irani tbe poor Mine's Ifpi as he elutched in vain at the yielding air. ' ' Ah,' be said. ' that must bave been hie sister, Lucy V ? , to whom he was greatly attached. ' 'The rest of tbe voyage passed without Incident, and as soon as the ship arrived at Liverpool I made my way to tbe traiu which was to take me to Manchester. 14 1 whb walking idly along the plat when I saw tbe face of an old gentleman, who, with a young lady ou bis arm, was elbowing Ills way tbrougb tbe crowd. His resemblance to our lost mate was so striking that I stood and looked at bim. The young lady's eyes happened sud denly to meet mine. lustantly sbe gave a violent start, uttered a low scream, and ex claiming 'Oh, look, there is tlie face of my dream !' stared at me as If fasciuated. Her companion gentlv rallied ber, and half led, half carried ber, to the nearest waiting-room. As he passed he begged me to come with tbem and bauded me bis card. ' When we were alone the - Id gentle man explained that tbe sight of my face had reminded his daughter of a very peculiar and unpleasnnt dream, to wbicb sbe still persisted in attaching import ance. He said, 4 At the present moment, indeed, we are on our way to discover if tbe owners ofmy son's sblp bave received any news of its arrival.' ' I said, ' I em an apprentice nf tbe C ? , and have but lately left ber lying fn the barbonr.' ''Then,' the young lady cried, 'I muBt be right. It must be true, ' i'wns that man's face I eaw gazing at bim as be fell. I bbw Joe's ship in the midst of a fearful storm, and bim clinging to the slippery shrouds. A brightflashseomed to paBB before my eyes, and I saw him falling baokwards Into the sea. I eaw you face In tbe momentary gleam, and I woke perfectly ferrifled to hear tbe enund of my own taame— ' O Lucy ! Lucy !' — whispered In my ears.' 'Tbe expression of my face must have conveyed but too well the meaning ofmy Bllence. ' ? My God,' c» led Mr. ? , ' le It true, then ? Is he dead ?' 'I stammered— ?Too trae, elr. Yes! every word of It I I was beside bim at ibe moment, and even tried lo save blm.' ' On comparing notes, we found that tbe dream took plaoe tbe very day, allow ing for the difference In longitude, eveu the very hour when the acoldent oc curred !' Here is a sample of tbe narratives re peated in good faith by the auperetiliouB folk of tbe remote Shellands :— ' One day In 1636, a fisherman of the name of Grey found tbat when returning from fishing his boatstopped wit bout any apparent cbubb. In vain be strnined at tbe oars ; it would nnt move a foot. He looked over tbe prow, thinking be mlgbt have got entangled in seaweed, but Ihe water was clear. He thought he mlgbt bave struck on a hidden shoal, en racked the bout. Sbe rocked freely, showing there was water undet 'ber keel, Grey then looked over the stern, and lo his horror haw a man, whom he' knew had been dead for tlx months, boldiug on lo tbe siern post. This man was one with whom be bad ec.tne little quarrel, nnd Grey bep.ougbt blm to free the boat, say ing that he hBd hoped tbat death would have cancelled ftll'enmlty between th«m. Without replying, the man eliH bejd on, and at last, Id despair, Grey took bis axo ppd backed oft tbe;«tern post, wh?n (be host st. once shot forward. The man, howevpr, nrled out that Grey and he Bhonld meet again In six weeks. Grey, In great fear, basteued home aud told his family and friends of tbeucourrence. In six weeks, at the exact lime the dead man had named, Grey was found in tbe mornlugdead in bed. A son of Robert Grey, wbo eaw tbe mutilated boat come In, was, at any rate, keeping a sailor's boarding-house in Antwerp ; but there are many In the Shetland Isles who well re member tbeclroumatauoe, an-* seeing tbe boat witb tbe stern post cut off.' GboBte take many aud various forma, and there are a few pretty terrifying ones In Mr. Stead'B collection. There are dia bolical floating faces and mutilated trunns. There Is a gtiost which Inflicted lie company ou an unhappy living frieud fur H walk of enme duration, which It en livened with u long and detailed uccount ol Its violent deatu, and with the spec tacle of its body ' hurulng from wltbln, outwards uncooauined.' There are ag gressive ghnpls which pull off oue's bed clothes, or grapple with one iu a confu sion of material or Immaterial. There is eveu a ghost wblcb attacked a railway porter at night accompanied by a ghostly j dog, whlcb actually hit tne porter fn tbe calf of his leg. Aud there Ib one which strikes ws ns tbe only instance we bave yet come across of a 'warm, soft, and plump' ghost— but tbe poor thing only consisted of a band and arm. But we will conclude with a very creepy tale which shows that a mutilated ghost does nnt always correspond with a mutilated corpse. TbH apparition m»y fit Itself out it seems, with tbe very parts tbat are mlBsing in the mortal remaius, toeay uo ing nf making ita presenoe enown hy an energetic smack on Ihe baok :— 'About the rniddle of the first decade of this century, there lived in the little seaport lown of Girvnii, in South Ayr shire, a youni? tu.ui and his sister ; they were warmly uu, uheii to each oilier. My grandmother, from whom I beard their story, was intimately acquainted with the young woman. Tbe broi her followed tbe precarious aud d&ugerous; avocation of tbe fisber, aud our story begins witb the loss of bis life by tbe swampiug of bis boat in a storm, 'For a week or two his sister was In consolable ; her mind dwelt in imagina tion ou the loved form of lier brother tossed amongst the weeds and -irz« on tbe bed of tbe ocean, tbe food for fishes and tbe dwelling place for creeping things. [At this stage the body was discoverrd fn a rocky part of the coast owing to a singularly vivid dresm dreamt by a casual visitor to tbe town ; an incident remarkable iu Itself, but not to our pre sent purpose. The corpse, which wae much decomposed, had lost the right baud. Tbe mutilation made a deep and painful impression on the sister's mind.] 'Ever and anon, she would hurst out Into a fit of weeping, wringing ber own bands, nud bewailing the Inns of her brother's band. ' rblB continued for about a week, until one uiglit, preparatory to going to bed, she bBd undressed ; but before she bad got into bed, overcome by tbe force of ber emotions, she threw her face on the pillow and burst out weeping, and bemoaulng the lost band ; but scarcely bad sbe done en wben, with a cry of fear, sbe sprang from the bed. ' Her cries soon brought the otber inmates of the house 'o her room, and when questioned she informed them that when sbe liBd thrown herself on the bed, sb* felt some one give ber a slap on the back, as if with tbe open haud ; and tbat tbe place where she was struck was still pricking from the effects of the blow, and put ber baud over ber shoulder to point out tbe place where she wus struck. 'Tbey examined tbe place, and over the shoulder blade, in vivid blue, was the impreeaion or a man's right band. ? ? - ? ?— i 