STHE POLITICAL BOLIN GREEN. Sir Graham Berry is not going to stand by his old love in Geelong. The people there have invited him to contest that constituency, and so have the people of East Bourke begged him to come to them. Happy Sir Graham. He prefers the latter; and he is wise. He remembers the touch-and-go seruggles of old times. I hey were altogether too fierce for a man of seventy. He knows that he would have to fight again; and he hasn't a stomach for it. So when the deputation from East Bourke came to him and said all the kind things they did say Why, Graham said " Yes," Like a bashful miss, And he looked like a lover inclined to kiss. And so the word of order stands thus Ezit Pearson-enter Berry. And at Geelong Exit Munro; an , perhaps, enter Dr. De te. But the fight has to come first. e Geelong people have determined to giMDHr. Munro a proper sort of send-off. Th is well. The Melbourne people have trea d him with a good deal of harshness. They even threatened to send him home with hostile resolutions ringing in his ears. They wont do that, now; but there is no cordiality toward the Premier in any circle in Melbourne, outside his immediate friends. It is therefore pleasant that Geelong is going to do the proper thing andfete Jamie before he gangs awa'. One thing is quite certain, and this is, that however much the Premier may have mistaken his way, he has done everything in good faith and honesty of purpose. . Mr. Munro has been very unfortunate in his political course. He has offended the Conser. vative side by his pronounced Liberalism, and has offended the Labour Party by his sturdy defiance of the demagogues of the street, and by his omission to forecast the want of em ployment. His successor is an unknown quantity. Mr. Shiels may be anything, or nothing. Most people are inclined to credit him with a programme of wind. He may disappoint everybody. But then he may come down with a most elaborate proposal to do every thing, without being able to do anything. Deakin saya :-" Take my tip for it, Gra ham Berry will be in office in three months." " Think so, Deakin 1" " Yes." " Why 1" " Shiel's can't live a day after the new Parliament meets. Berry will be the man." "But what about Shiels' programme 1" " It will be a most clever and elaborate piece of impracticability. A good sort of sounding board to die on-nothing else." " But why should not the country take Shiels l'. " I can't see a ghost of a chance of it. No programme can save him, though he is a very clever man." Will Deakin join Berry in the next Ministry 1 He won't. Alfred is a little blase in politics. He has had a wonderful career. He has been more lucky and more distinguish?d than any other politician who ever enterd the Victorian Assembly. He has been three parts of his time, since gatt. in ginto 4i{TiAment, in a Ministerial post. Nteother vanip politics can show an equal record:. HvI little tired of good fortune. He has fired to politics a splendid career at Bar. He wants now to turn tp the w.and silk gown, and see if there re any her worlds to conquer. By-and lp he Will be heard of again in politics ; t pejustyet. l; isaid that Deakin will have to fight tr:his seat at Flemington-and a hard tle at that. Well, Alfred can fight when ting is wanted; but a great portion of success in politics has come to him on ount of his great capacity for saying ooth things at the right time. No man news better than our Alfred how many ore flies are caught with honey than with vinegar. Not that Deakin is a political spider, who lives on catching flies. Far from it. He is a man with a very long head in a very short compass. He makes you wonder when you look at his cranium where be keeps all the stores of wit and wisdom he has there. The country may consent to give Alfred a rest. It cannot afford to lose him. As for poor Gillies, one begins to pity him, bad as he has been. He certainly had a long bad reign-a reign full of dire disaster to the people-full of mischief and demoralisa. tion to public life. But he triumphed so well in the midst of his misdoings that men began to think political juggling was a good investment. The bubble burst, and then where was Gillies I " He stood in the House " on his trial." The House gave the verdiet against him. In the country the same verdict was given still more emphatically. And every month, as it went pws saw him lower and lower,4 he stands abandoned by all. The Conserva tives scorn him, and the Liberals hate him, and everybody is ready to vote against him. Buch is the end of a career of rare and clever selfishness. But the questions most are-What is the Labour Party doing ? And what is the National Association doing to check the Labour ? The "National" people say they want to get rid of Gillies as leader, and take to Patterso?. Patterson is willing for any. thing that will give him a little countenance from somebody. In the House he said he believed in "one-man one.vote," and then voted against it, so as to oppose the Govern. ment. Now he is willing to lead the National Association, which is dead against the" one. man-one-vote" doctrine. The "Country Party " met on Monday night. It was a very tiny "meeting-not more than ten or a dozen at it. It was a compliment to call it a " Country Party " meeting when such members as Mr. M'Lean, Mr. Outtrim and Mr. Graham were not represented, and where Mr. Patterson and Mr. Anderson had all the sway. Of course the Government was condemned. Onething is pretty ar--the "'Country Party" will be just as u sh.split up as ever. That means to say t?ai there will be no "' country party." One section of it will go dead against the Government and against " one man one vote." The other will gofor the Government, and against the "dual vote." One section of the "country party" will thoroughly nullify the other. There are six or seven parties now in Vic torian politics. There is the Ministerial party, the Protectionist party, the "country party," the national Association party, the Labour party, the Progressive Political League, the "Native Vote." and the "Young Australian party." Whicheter com-s out strongest will have all the ot?ers on top. Cslition hb:s damned the" higher politics."-Ptnc/l. 