Mrs. Jones' Tramp. Mr Jones frequently boasted among his friends that hiswif e was a woman Witbbd 1 nerses.'and neverhad bysterios-Uke some' people be oonld name. And be <bae right. Mrs Jones, as every -bodyknowa was a aensible.healthjr.well balanced woman witb no non'sthse abont her. Shd isn't afraid to eit np all night when Jeptha ie.at the club, and she makes it livel) forbim when be gets home in the morning. i A znan who wouldn't appreciate -a. woman: likethat iant a littlebit of good. ■: Bat Mrs Jones began to tbink' that 'per hapaBbC'wae a little too self-reliant and helpful,;and that Mr Jones was inclined to ^wchlhp^^arJ^^tteni^ajl^uKltjhatl-. 'once beebibeBuhshiheof herlife.' ' . 'fTobbad abodt 'that poor iittle SIra S/m ebh^'Baid Jones the other night ae be ate his supper. ■ ^: "WhatV the matter with" her?" asked Maria coldly. '•Didn't yon hear about it ? She was alone in ths.honse when "a tramp walked in and demanding money, frightened her almoBt todeath." "Hasn't she sense enough to look the doors when ehe's alone?" inqaired Mrs Jones. ■ She gave him all the money in the house and then - screamed nntil the neighbours heard her." Why-didn't she do her screaming first ? I've no patienoe with sneh women," con tinued Mrs Jones. 1 Maria, yon must remember that yon are 'different from other women. Yon can take' care of yourself. Mrs Simeon is one of thoBe' timid, slinging little creatures who are afraid Of their own shadows. When her hnsband went home he foand all the neighbors at the' house andbiBwife in hyrterice." 'H'm, a nice kindof a wife that for a man tohave." Maria, yon have no sympathy. Yon think:, because yon have no. nerves that no other woman has any. Tbe majority of women are clinging, timid things, and snch an experience frightens them ont of all self control. Then Alt Jones took bis hat and went down to the office, when be bad .some work to do, telling bis wife to ring him np if any one dropped in lor a game oi whist. .'' Mrs Jones gave the girl permission to go oat ; thehehelooked np the house and eat down to ber sawing. She wasn't afraid, nor lonely, nor nervooe, but she was thinking. "Clinging, timid creatures?. H'm I I'd like to know what some of them find tooling to. 'Poor little Mrs. Simeon.' Endearing diminutives. Evidently Mrs Simeon isn't anybody's fool. I wish 1 clung more, if 1 were going to be born again, I'd be a dinger next time, and scream if 1 eaw my shadow. What's that?" It was a sharp distinct noise in the kit ohen* Mrs Jones did not stand on the order of her going, hat went at once. She took her table lamp with her, and as she stepped across the threshold confronted the intruder. Her heart went down into her boots. " Wretch 1" she exclaimed ; "how did yon get in ?_ You mnet have been hidden in the house. Oh ! meroysave me! help!" Mr Jones was sitting in his office hard at work sinokinglike a factory chimney when his telephone rang. " Hello," be called," who wants me 7" There waka faint and ghostly whisper of "Jeptha." Herungupaud rang np, and at last he made out that Mrs Jones was in mortal peril and needed his immediate return. This was something so nnnsnal that it bothered Jones a good deal. "It can't be the grip," he thought; "it wouldn't dare to attBck Maria He hurried to his house and iet himBelf in by a latch key. Mrs Jones was in violent hysterics. " What has happened ?" he asked. " Are you hurt, Maria 1" " No, only frightened," gasped Mrs Jones, swooniDg at sight of him. He lan for the camphor, bat found a bottle of alcohol instead and applied it liberally. In a few moments Maria began to soream, all the time clinging convulsively to Mr. Jones. ' Don't claw me so," be said, jerking bis coat from her bands. "I thought yon bad more sense than to go into fits over any thing. What was it anyhow—the tramp ?" " Mercy, no I Worse, a thousand timeB worse," said Mrs Jones, feebly resuming the perpendioular. •' Burglars ?" Worse than burglars." " It wasn't a ghost, was it V asked Jones, looking behind him. " Ob, no, Mr Jones, you don't think ghost would have frightened me. No, it was a great, awful monse 1" In view of what followed, Mrs Jones thinks she will never try the clinging act again. She says she never listened to such language in her life. 