CURRENT NEW&. A roport from Broken Bay received y~ster day stated that the steamer Bowra was aground. The barque Belle Isleo, which left the har bour yesterdray for New Guinea, took besides coal a quantity of bone dust. An American cowboy named Jmnes May has been commitCti for trial at CoonaForabranu on a charge of horse-stealing. The crew of a Dtnish schooner wrecled on the Englislh coast saed themselves by swvim ming oight miles to' a lightship. Mrs. M'Kie,. daughter of M r. W. Gannon, of'G~unbar, while driving from: Narrandera toMimnosa, was thrown from her buggy and killed. The steamer Duke of: Westminster sails to day for London, via Queensland ports, witha quantity of frozen meat fromnt the Aberdeen Freezing WYorks. A young girl named Alice Wilson, who was severely injured at n'aitati, Now Zea land, by her clothes castching fire, died in the Dunedin Hospital. A railway signalman naumed Thomas Hol land, stationed at Jnuee*PTmetion, in jumping off one engine was knoclkeidown by another and severely injured.. . The overdraft of the City Council, as shown at the meeting las" nighbt, IamomIts to £8389 18s 7d, and by tlhe end of tihe year it will be .£10,121 38-lld1 The flower show and saleoofwork in aid of the organ.fund of St.. Andtew3s Presbyterian Church was continued yesterday afternoon and evening with considbrablo'e success. :Mr. Howell asserts that the3l30 or 40 men employed on contract on' the' kaolin stopes in the Proprietary mine are breaking as much ore as 130 men used to do onmdey wages. The police have rcceived'word that a man named Symon, alias The Brniser, has been arrested at Tamworthl on a charga of having assaulted alIr. Dalton at WVichlmm recently. SJames Lewis, supposed to be'enew arrival from Sydney, on Saturday stolc c ase of rings, valued at £150,. "from at Melbourne jeweller's shop. He was. shbsequently arrested. Major-General Edwards urgesthe Colonial Office to appoint- some high military official Governor of Tasmania.. General iEdwards forgets that Tasmania is not:VTim, Dieman's Land now.. * ". . . . . SOn the reco?mmondation: of ' the MBayor, the City Council last evenizig;, aftcr ailong discussion, decided hy thaifsjor' ?voteto spotid £100 in putting in the foundations for the Fletcher statue in the lower reserve. As a penalty for indecent behsviour at Tigho's Hill, a miner named John Barrett was, at the Police Court yesterday, requested to hand over 10s to Senior- Sergeant Dick, or to ruminate in the cells for 48 hours. A miner named James Osborne was ordered by the police Bench yesterday to pay penal ties of 5s anid £2 on charges of drunkmnness and using obscene language respectively. Failing paymenthe will ruralise fbr 15 days. Another shipment of butter, consisting of 80 tons of prime quality, and mostly factory made, was dispatched from Melbourne on Saturday in. the R.M.S. Cuzco, for the London market, by the Department of Agri culture. A rseaman.named Richard Wilson was, at 'the Police. Court yesterday, ordered to pay 10s, or to serrve48 hours' lockup, for drunken ness; and for:. having behaved indecently. in Watt-street he-was fined:£3, with an alterna tive of a month's gaol. Notwithstanding the, broken weather that has beenexperienced.duringtrhepresent week, says the Niarrabri Tlerald, a very considerable quantity of; wool has. come fbrward. On Tuesday-46.teams, containing 1026 bales of wool, were unloadedant the railway station. The Bethel Lodge I.O:G.T., will hold a concent this evening in the Congregational school-room, Brown-street.. A number of well-known amateur, artists. will take pait, and a most enjoyablereveninis anticipated. At the Police. Court yesterday a young miner named JTnsLt Date~ was fined 20s, with an option of seven., days' imprisonment, for having used obscene language, and £5, with an alternative of two months' gaol, for having assaulted. Senior- Constathle IRobinson, of Merewether. The adjourned, meeting of -the hospital committee was held last evening, and a con fidential report by the medical superintendent was considered with closed doors. It was re solved to invite certain members of the hos pital staff to a. meeting to boe held on Friday evening next . A human leg-bone, two boots, and a coat have been found on the New Brighton Beach, New Zealand. The coat has been identified as that of John Cockle, who was in the boat Waratah, lost.off Stunner some. weeks ago. One of the boots has been identified asr belonging.to Nuttall, another of the .crow of that boat. A young mnan isanied Alfred E Cook wvias out shooting in a boat at iMakharai New Zea-. land. When steiping :dshore Arthnur Cbok," a boy of 15, took the gunu from the boat by the muzzle, and the trigger caught the. seat, lodging a charge in the breast of his brother. He merely exclaimed, "I'm shot," arid died. . Two thousand Lushai Chins are preparing -to attack.Fort .VWhite, -Upper Burnahl. ,The British: force in 'tho: vicinty- is said- to be small. That is the worst of it, it always is small.' When .England reeognises the fact that a handful of brave men 'is hardly suffi cient to'stop a crowd of furious fanatics, she maymake a little better showing. John Comnmander, aged 23, manager of 'Nelson Bros.' ilaughtering works at Blen hhim, N.Z., was thrown from his horse on his return from the Hunt Club Races at Spring Creek. He never recovered consciousness, and died in two hours, the skull being fractured and the neck partially dislocated. Deceased was a member of Lodge Killarney, Irish Con stitution. General Li Hung Chang, the Chinese Prinlme Minister, is reported to be insane. If the re port has any foundation of truth, it is a great pity, as in all probability China has not pro duced in the 19th century a statesman who' may be considered his equal. No :man hias done more to push his country, forward,:and place it in touch with modern civilisation than Li Hung Chang, and his loss of reason, if true, is a great blow to modern China. The coal trade between this port and New Caledonia, which for a number of years was almost exclusively carried on by colonial ownied vessels, is fast being monopolised by American vessels. The American schooner John Smith, which sailed yesterday for Noumea, has become another competitor with the colonial vessels in that trade. Our American cousins on the other side of the water protect their vessels, and keep outsiders away. The samne might be done here to the advantage of colonial vessels. 'Mr. James Coyle, of Marmon Creek Apiary, Teralba, writes as folloirs :-" I think we are going to have a great sununer for snakes, as I have never seen thlem inoro plentiful than they appear to be so far as it has advanced. W'hilo going through my bees within this last fortnight I have killed no less than four-two brown, one bhlack, aind one green-all lying under the bark covering and directly on the sheet over the bees... It has made me very careful in removing' theo o0Vers." Mr. C. W. RIeadett writes as follows: During the last two or threte montlhs three old vessels have been lying at anchor, causing considerable inconvenience and danger to persons using that portion of the harbour from the Market wharf to Stockton. The Stockton ferry steamers each trip they make have to pass close to one of those vessels, and it often happens that a snmall boat, either sailing or pulling, is met by these in close proximity to one of the vessels, in such a postion that suless the greaitest care is ex hiliteda a accident is liable to occur. The old vessels in question are not waiting for charters, therefore their place, one would imagine, should be in a suitable anchorage up the North Harbour. and clear of the busiest part of the navigable waters. "Pink Dominos " will obe Tyod f at the Victoriti Thleatro on Wednceday anI. Thurs day evenings. The now steamer Southern Cross is ,ow on route from the United Kingdom for thib~ ort, via Louthorn porte. -" Pigeon glying. --Porsons favourable to forming a pigeon flying'rclub araoequosted to moes at Gray's IZotol to-night. The railway between Tamworth and thtr Wtaloha-road, whiolh was blocked by a heavy landslip oi katuday uight, will, it is ex pect.al, be clear this evening. Entries will close tis evenring at p.m. for Mfororsy's Novic Ilandica;. whlich will be run bff at the Olympic Hftall-: o 'Thursday (cight-henr's night~ evening ne?x? . On the' motion of A.ldormnu , Sharp, the City Counsil last ovening appoetted' a fkpu. tation to wait on the Colonital Soetrothe,. with a view of having the liunterostret. ..en sion Bill passted through .ahrlament. A young mln who has been wanted'ftr tfih last five month', on a chargeo of hiavihg~ onre beozzled a sum of money from; his'tlittn cnt ployors, Messrs. Russell and' Campbell;. sur rendered to Detctcive ML'HItlfe last night:. Walter B. Bonns was brouglit upat tiit Police Court again yesterday on. the chsliti of having obtained from ReginalA': Peacocle the sum of £84 10s, partly by a fals?prcten?w and partly by a false prominuse, witiiitent tot defraud. There was no further'oivdencwe forthcoming for the prosecutionj and tlhe ae cused was discharged. Count Kalnoky says that the T:ipl0' Alli-. anco is simply a defensive one, and that no 'thing lurks behind it. He asserts thlatthe prospects of Europe are calm; With aldilhd respect to Count Kalnoky, what does Rissiars'; attempt to conclude an alliance with Aiustriue mean; and furthermore, what does the Ein. peror William's urgent entreaty that Attqtnti should increase her armnament mean ?' On Saturday evening next Bland Holt and! Company will open at the Victoria Tbeatro.. The first piece staged will bo " Master an'd! Mfan," the drama in which Mr. Holt scoredl such a big success in both Sydney and MIl- bourne. Mr. Holt brings a full company: with him, composed of old Neweastli favourites, and if his past successes hereo are any criterion, should be as pleased to visit tis as we are pleased to welcome hhn. Mediums and M]ahatmas are just now con: siderably excited over a mishap which hasn i bofallen one of their order, that threatens to bring discredit uppn their calling as-well as: dliminish thdir profits. At a recent spiritual istic iseanqe,.says the London 1Daily 1lecgraplh,. a medium produced the ghost of several nots-. bilities of the past, among them Voltairo, who. discoursed on modern art and literaturo in fluent, if not altogether grammatical, Eng lish, marked hero and there with the dis placement of an " h"; a habit he must have picked up since his decease. As he seemed familiar with the works of artists who lived - long after he ceased to reside above ground, it was evident that the ghost possessed an ae qaintance with the contents of the art reviews. One of the audience said he had rather an important question to ask, but he did not care to put it inless he .was sure of an answer. Voltaire replied he would state with pleasure anything he lmew. The ques tioner then asked, in French, "Will you please tell me how many two and two make ?" No answer was given; Voltaire, it appeared, did not understand French. The seance broke up in confusion. At their rooms this morning Messra. M. A. Fraser and Co. will sell by auction superior household furniture. At his saleyards this morning Mr. Geo. T. Edwards will sell by auction 30 head of young unbroken horses. Farm and dairy produce, country-killed meat, &e.;, will be sold by Messrs. Shedden and Co., at their sale rooms this morning. 