"INDEPENDENT." SATURDAY, APRIL 23rd, 1892. Havingpassed through the stir, and turmoil of the General Elections, we may now be permitted calmly to examine the results, and see what anticipations the future may hold for a return to pros- perity. We have got into a habit of referring to the three P's—Peace, Pro- gress, and Prosperity—as the outcome of the verdict of the electors at the ballot box, and how far we may expect to realise this happy condition of affairs is matter for consideration. It must be regarded as clear that the result of the elections as a whole speaks in favor of Parliamentary peace, for the verdict already given by the unopposed return of certain members of the Government has been strengthened by the triumphant return of all their colleagues from the appeal to the constituencies. But there is better and more behind. It was to have been feared that side issues would have been raised which would have had a potent influence for evil on our relations with the purse-bearers of Europe, seeing that so many candidates put themselves forward in the name of Labor, whose real purpose of antagonism to Capital was but too thinly concealed. Had anything like a majority of these gentry obtained an entry to Parliament House, it was to have been feared that the doubtful aspect in which our loans have been viewed by the British money lender would have been rendered still darker, and our hope of entering upon progres- sive works would have been set very remote. But this has not happened. The agitator has met with but scant welcome at the hands of the electors, and, although Labor is represented and repre- sented legitimately, it is by men who will not prate of having their hands upon the throat of Capital, and who will be prepared to render dutiful and loyal service to the State. Although the new House will be again visited by Dr. Maloney, who wants to fix the possible earnings of a man at between £8 and £5 a week—neither less nor more— although Mr. W. T. Carter again fills his sent and Mr. Wyllie takes the place of Mr. Laurens, there is no need to fear that either of these gentlemen will at- tempt to thrust anarchical doctrines on the new House, but it is rather to be expected that they will bring their un- doubted ability to bear for the common weal, seeing that they will be sufficiently held in check by representatives of more moderate parties, and will have before them a wholesome dread of the fate of Mr. John Hancock, who. was a head and shoulders above either in his loud voiced abuse of anything wearing a decent coat or hat. The rejection of Mr. Morris at Essendon and Flemington, in favor of Mr. Deakin, is significant of the fact that demagognism will not go down with the electors, and, though Sir Graham Berry has obtained the smiles of East Bourk Boroughs, it must be remembered that he is much changed from the Graham Berry of 1877, when he voiced the popular sentiment of' broken heads and flaming houses. The return of the Premier, for Nomanby, by a more than two to one poll over his opponent, and the adoption of his platform by the bulk of the candidates—even the Labor ex- tremists—is a sign of hopeful times, and the rejection of Messrs. Gardiner and Mr. Leonard by the two Carltons is an object lesson, which is further illustrated by the defeat of Mr. David Gannson at South Melbourne and of Mr. Nimmo at Albert Park. On the whole, then, we augur very favorably from the personnel of the new House as to the return to prosperity, and, though on personal grounds we could have wished that some of the old members who have been relegated to private life might have been spared, we cannot but felicitate the electors on the results, generally, and in no instances with greater satisfaction than in the rejection of Messrs. Symes, C..E, Jones, D. Gaunson, and J. Gardi- ner—all very good men in their way, but, as their way was a very bad one, the electors did themselves the greatest good by their refusal of oft proferred servics from unworthy hands. On dit that a bid of £250 was offered to Mr D.R. Wyllie to induce him to retire from the contest for North Mel- bourne, but was declined with thanks. The Easter Serviccs at St.Mary's Church of England were conducted with due regard to ancient form, and the Church was well filled on Sunday night, when the Right Rev. Dr. Goe, Lord Bishop of Mel- bourne, read the First Lesson and preached the sermon. The Church was beautifully decorated with flowers and evergreens, and the Choir was at its best. The Rev. F. J. Price read the evening service and Second Lesson, and in the intoned portions of the service his voice was heard to advantage. The Bishop chose for his text a portion of Matt. ii. 15, "Out of Egypt have I called my Son," and in elucidating the passage he dwelt on the parallel between the deliverance of the whole world, by the sacrifice of Jesus Christ— our Passover—and the Paschal lamb slain on the occasion when the first-born of the Egyptians was to be slain, pointing the application that if the lintels and doorposts of our hearts have the blood of the Lamb applied, the Angel of Destruction will pass us by, even as the Destroying Angel passed harmlessly over the dwellings whose lintels and doorposts were stained with the blood of the lamb— a type of the Messiah. The retirement of Mr. Thomas Walker from his candidature for Melbourne West took no one by surprise, for it was felt by those who were experienced, that however valuable Mr. Walker's experience might be, his residence in the constituency had not been of sufficient duration to make his claims sure. At the same time, from the lengthy experience Mr. Walker has had in municipal matters, and his long connection with mercantile life in Victoria there is no doubt he will prove a welcome candidate to Melbourne West electors at some future occasion. It is a sad thing to know that the "Charity which thinketh no evil" is not the invariable result of Sunday School training, however carefully administered, as an assiduous teacher found to her dismay when she recently examined her class. "Who was Moses?" she asked a curly-headed maiden of seven years old. "The son of Pharoah's daughter," was the prompt reply. "No, my child," said the teacher. "Pharoah's daughter found the infant Moses in the bulrushes." The urchin looked solemn and shocked, and shook her curls gravely, and responded, "Ah! ma'am. So she said!" It will be remembered that on the morning of the 5th ultimo a woman named Margaret Rohan, living apart from her husband, and residing in the classic neighborhood of Bendigo street, North Melbourne, was made the victim of a murderous assault at the hands of two young men, one of whom, Frederick Watson by name, fell into the hands of the Philistines, and is now ruminating on the mutability of human affairs in the retirement of the oases of the Metropolitan gaol. The other, whose name is William McNee, made good his escape pro tem, but the Nemesis which stalks in plain clothes, in the person of D. McGllynn, Constable or something and a decimal, as not un- mindful of the probabilities of Mac's return to his favourite haunts, and one Mac laid low for the other. Last Saturday Mac with the number got wind that the other Mac was on hand and was to be found in the house of a sister, who hangs out in a street named after the author of the Giaour—though possessing no poetic surroundings, and showing that those who had the nomenclature of our streets to attend to, though aesthetic in idea, pos- sessed no perception of the fitness of things. To Byron-street. accordingly, Mac with the number hied him, but he was wary. He recognised the fact that, as merely making a morning call, his Satanic Majesty would be more welcome than he, so sans ceremonie he scaled the fence and gained the citadel by strategy, to find the other Mac all unsuspicious, quaffing the foaming tankard and puffing the fragrant weed. Banquo's ghost was not more appalling to Macbeth than was the apparition of plain-clothes Mac to the ither o' that ilk, but so taken aback was he that he yielded himself amain, and was duly handed over to the tender care of Constable Murphy, who turns the key with a skill and dexterity which may be paralleled but not excelled. Mac No 2 uppeared before the Bench on Thursday, when he was remanded till Monday next. Thursday having been a public holiday, it was regarded as an off-day at the Police Court, but the Mayor anod Messrs. Carroll and Wylie attended to clear the sheet. The only cases were those of Mortimer Culhane, who was charged with assaulting Michael Culhane, and was re- manded until Monday next, and William McNee, for aggravated assault, which is reported elsewhere. Yesterday the Mayor presided, solus, and remanded Henry Wilson, alias John McMahon, on a charge of stealing a pair of boots from the shop of Mrs. Graham, Errol street, till the 28th instant. Prisoner, when cautioned by Constable Ross, had other boots in his posseesion, not fellows, for which the police require an owner. In our edvertising columns will be found the official declarations of the polls for Melbourne North and Mejbourne West, and also the acknowledgments of Mr. John Laurene and Dr. Wm. Maloney. The number of visitors to the National ad Museum of Natural History and Geology fore' the week ending 16th April, was 2280. The Museum is open to thle public daily, (Sundays excepted) from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m. ls in the National Museum building at the back of the University. A very ead accident happened at Essen- don, on Good Friday afternoon, resulting in the death of a boy named Johnson,11 years of age. It appears that he was riding a pony in Hoddle Street, when he was thrown off and kicked so severely that his skull was fractured. He was at once taken home, and medical assistance pro- cured, but without effect, as death shortly afterwards occurred. An inqnest was held on the following day, and a verdict of accidental death returned. The Essendon Rowing Club attended the Bairnsedale regatta, on Easter Saturday, and obtained second honors, being just beaten by the Mercantile crew, in the final heat of the maiden eight- oared race, by a nose. The,:race caused great excitement, sl and the victors were loudly cheered. This o is the secorid win for the Mercantile crew. a Bro. R. L. Larnach was duly installed 2 as W.h. of-the Gordon Lodge, at the.a Masonic Hall, Ascot Vale, on Thursday [ last, in the presence of a numerous at- c tendance of the Order. Thi'routine busi- 1 ness having been disposed of by Bro. J, C. I M. Cowan, W.hf, the chair was taken by y P.M I?Bro. Dr. J. R. Monzied Thompso;,i P.G:. D., who performed'thd iristallation i ceremony, assisted by P.1.'s Bro. Cowan, I, Bro. Rev. Good1 'Bro.r Browne; and.Bro. Bislhop: Thoid licors haviing b?hn'invosted t with the insignia of ollice by P.M. Bro. I Carter, an adjournment was made to a bacquet given in honor of the auspicious occasion. and toasts and music illed upt the remainder of thi evening. A few nights ago another attempt was mipidtoobreak into the N?ivii~arket'Raili k way Station, but fortunately without suc eces. On the officials going there in the morning, indications of the burglar's visit were plainly discernable, and the office. window had been broken just below the I catch. Being disa'laiointed in his expec- 1 of making a haul here, he next turned his t attention to' the automatic weighing t machine on the platform, but an. the e money had been removed during theo day, I he again had bad luck, and must have left o thoroughly disgusted. We understand that an effort is to be made to obtain the appointment of several e new justices of the peace at Essendon, as 0 the number at present is not deemed suffi- , t cient for the requirements of that district. e Not so very long ago Mr. McKean, the well a known solicitor, who is also a magistrate, n had to take a seat on the Bench as there was only one other justice present. Should the new appointments be made, it is prob able that Ex-mayor Dangerfield will be t, one of those gazetted. o The eagle eye of Mr. 9i' Bride, J.P., on d Thursday detected a fellow -illtreating a' horse in Roden street, and the worthy justice remonstrated, only to be cliecked by the Jehu. The fellow was piling on a errible load, and belaboring the poor lorso for his inability to draw. As the magis is trate drew the attention of a constable to the circumstance, we shall possibly have to rofer to it again. h DActuau.-Messrs. and' Miss' Roberts the well-known teacheri of dancingr inti. mate they give instructions daily in Fashionablo Dances, including the Modern SWaltz, first-introduced by them Into the d colony, and which is still the chief feature of ball.room programmes. Classes are y held evqry day and 'evening.p Private lessons by appointment. 195 Collins St 