STORY PAGE. THE RED SPECTRE. A ROMANCE OF THE FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR. BY HENRY FRITH. Author of " Tho Mystery of Moor Farm," "The Black Shaft," &c;,, &c.; aim queensland eights eesebved. CHArTEll II. An. Awkwakd Fix. — Nkably CiuanT !— - Flight. My adventureB at the Manor were by no means over, however. In Emily Sin- olaire I had recognised a kindred spirit;, and notwithstanding her peremptory dis missal, I felt that we were destinod to meet again. Everyone who rends my storv will confess, whether he or Bhe be romantic or not, that we do meet in this world, some time or other, one individual of the opposite sex with whom we almost immediately feel sympathetic. We may hot he able to aooount for this feeling — we may not at first even confess it to ourselves — but we feel the influence. Be the parties single or married, the sense of affinity of the suitability of our natures remains. It need not he love ; it may and often is only platonic affection — a true friendship which draws us nearer; hut we are satisfied and happy in that person's society more than in that of others. When the person is present we are contented ; when he — or it may be die — is absent we are more or less dis satisfied, and the presence of tho friend makes up for all previous disappoint ments. Something of this influence Emily Sin- claire had upon me. Whether I had any such psychological effect on her nature I could not tell. I recognised in hor, as I believed, the complement of my being, and almost at once I had been attracted by her in a manner for which I am wholly unable to account. She was very pretty, hut very quiet and self-possessed. She possessed personal attractions, hut she seemed quite unconscious of thorn. She was cold and distant in her munncr, and her tone and speech effectually precluded any familiarity whatever. There wns no approaching her. My reckless, uncon sidered speoch had fired her pride, and instant repudiation followed it. Guilty J was certainly, but I could no more help telling her of my admiration for her than I could resist her command. She attracted even while she repelled me — or repulsed me. A beautiful statue — a Galatea — a goddess to worship and obey, hut as cold as Diana. With youth — she was not then 17— she possessed the armour of self-respect,- and innocence of the world. Full of charity and the in stinct of assisting others, she had no mind or no idea of love or. passion. Herfavour- . ito occupation was nursing the sick, and she had no fear of man nor woman. My dismissal was, -from her point of view, inevitable, and I wandered along the darkened passage in perplexity. The day was declining; magnificent masses. \ of clouds were hanging on the horizon, the natural sequel to a hot day. But there were other clouds rising — I could see as much as I emerged from thepaBsage on the landing. There were doors in front at each side. I perceived that the lateral exits opened into rooms already occupied by visitors whose voices were audible. I had no business where I was —I did not dare to return and meet the cool rebukes of Miss Sinolare— so I pushed \- open the baize door in front. It yielded easily. The spring had not caught. It . swung to behind me, and I found my self on the edge of a stone staircase which extended upwards and downwards. I went down first and was stopped by a oellar door, looked and barred, I must then return. Tho baize door had shut with a spring ; there was no handle inside. No doubt had I known the trick of it I could have opened the door, but I was entirely ignorant of the manner of it, and after some few minutes I resigned myself to tho inevitable. Someone would surely como. Meanwhile I seated myself on the stairs, and thought over my position. 'While thinking, I dozed in the semi-darkness, and when full conscious ness returned I could not at first remem ber' whore I was. But a few moments reflection reassured me, and I again tried the - door, whioh, howover, remained closely shut. I now began to fear that I had reaohed \- an unoccupied wing of the Manor.Housb. It was an old, irregular building, one of x those whioh have the reputation of bring . haunted, and, though no fear of ghosts ' possessed me, the fate of the . unhappy ..Ginevra might .perhaps be mine. The only way of escape, if 'any way existed; 'must he found upstairs, and I determined to ascend. . By this time the autumn 'evening' was. fast deepening, into night, and no time was to he lost. I turned away from the baize-oovered door, studded with brass nais, and began ;.my search 'for means to esoapel What Freere and my, other .acquaintances might ' think,; what Miss Sinclaire .might say,. V were in \my mind- small matters in com- parison with my escape!' Explanations could be made no doubt, but in the best . .light iny position looked a veiy awkward . ' one. -The stone stairs led to a corridor, 'and from, this passage several rooms opened. All the doors were shut. Should v I open one and endeavourto ascertain my wrbereaboute ? y .'As I was pondoring upon my next (' move, I perceived the reflection of alight at the oiid of the corridor. Sonieono was ' approaohing. I stood still and/ waited, v feeling horribly guilty. I waB in dark- .iiess, and the hearer of tho lamp was ;' (qhiokly revealed to lhe. ' Hoavons ! it was ? lady Sinolaire herself ! Behind her were ' . other people. She wasspeakingto someone/ .4—416 time was to be lost ! A door was handy, and, without pausing to consider ' possible consequonces, I oponed it, and .closing it softly, waited with boating heart for the approach of my involuntary hostess. The voices of ladies now enme to my cars, merry chatter and laughter succeeded, and after awhile tho opening and shutting of doors. Then the sounds were more faintly audible; I broathed more freely and looked about mo. The gloom preventod me xfrom seeing very much, but tho apartment Which I had. so -unceremoniously entered VaB evidently a boudoir, and sufficient tokens of its being in daily use were not wanting. Books and needlework were lying on tho tables and on the 'sofa. My eyoswero getting accustomed to' the darkness, and I soon discovered my -whereabouts from the window. The lawn and pathB were almost deserted. Most of the visitors had retired from the grounds, and the family had doubtless come upstairs to dress for dinner. Now was my time to e86&pe.; Another door opened from the room, and this apartment I quickly entered. To my horror I disoovercd that it was a bed room— whoso I could not divine ; but in any case it was necessary to retreat. . With a hurried glance I took in tho surroundings, and retraced my steps to tho boudoir. Making my way towards the door, I stumbled, and before I could recover my balance the look tinned, and a light shouo into tho room. On tho thresh old stood Emily Sinolaire, lamp in hand ! What I said I cannot recall, but hor screams quickly aroused the household. In a moment I saw my danger, and rush ing to the window, threw it wido open. I could hear men approaching within, and paused no longer. With a half prayer for deliverance, I leaped down and alighted on the flower-border unhurt. Itecovering myself as quickly as pos sible, 1 mudo off uorosa the garden in the direction of the gate, but.notunscratched. Swift footsteps pursued me, and as I climbed the paling a shot from a revolver took effeot in my leg— a more graze, it is true, but sufficient to send me foiling down the embankment on the further side, where the new railway line had been out through the property. I crept along as rapidly as possible in the direction of tho tunnel which pierced the hill close by. I managed to reach it undiscovered ; and then, putting forth all my strength and resolution, hurried on in thick darkness, fearful of being over taken by my pursuers or of being killed by the next train whioh came through. Fortunately neither fate was in store for me. I reachod the confines of tho station, evaded detection, and made my weary and halting way to Alexander's cottage undiscovered. But this adventuro changed the whole of my life, as will ho seen, if the reader has patience to read the forthcoming chapters of my history. Chapxeb III.— A Discussion — The Web is Woven. The reader now will be a'ole. to ap preciate the terrible position in whioh my own hasty and inconsiderate folly had placed me. If any suspicion rested upon rae, all the previous circumstances wquld be raked up, and my career as a gentle man at large would eurely bo ended. A' limited sojourn in one of Her Majesty's prisons .would be my reward, and my character would ho ruined. I managed to enter the cottage unper- ceived, and I took no one into my con fidence you may ho sure. Alexander was a quiet, unsuspioious man, and if he had his ran with the hounds, his day's shooting, or his afternoon's ride accord ing to season and inclination, he did not trouble his head, about his neighbours' affairs. But again, he managed to piok up all the news somehow, aad if any questions were asked, Bob Alexander knew every detail,' though he never re tailed themia gossip of spitefulness; As he was unaware of my visit to Tho Manor— for I had gone thither with a mere local acquaintance by chanco as I had deemed it— Alexander would not connect me with the inevitable rumours whioh would certainly reaoh him- By chanco only I had mot my companion ; by 'the merest chance ' I had been intro duced to the family at The Manor; and see how these apparently most ordinary oirchmetances were now weaving a web around me! 'Trifles light as air' they seemed ; they were in reality links in an iron ohain of circumatances which bound me to adversity. Bo ware then of ' mere chances ' ; the finger of Providence directs them as well as all else. When Alexander and I sat down to our evening meal — we dined early at the cot tage — he informed mo that if I pleased I could make one of a shooting party tho .next day, as Major Lowne had kindly mentioned my name in his. invitation. I expressed my readiness to accompany my chum, and inquired how many were likely to bo present. 6 ' On, some of The Manor lot — old Sinolaire, I suppose, and somo of tho Joneses — a man named Freere who is staying at the house.' ' I know him,' I remarked, parentheti cally. ' Do you ? Well, he's foathermg his nest; he's as good as engaged to. one of the girls. What's her name ? Ah, let mo see — Em ' Not Emily,' I ventured, J not the niece?' ' Why, what do you know about Emily Sinolaire?' " ' : ' Very little indeed. I have only seen her once, bat she struck me as very beauti ful, if statuesque.' '. Statuesque! See hav romping with the children, and yqu'llalter your opinion. She is a splendid girl— quite a child tpo, but as good as gold. I'm not blaming Freere for tryihg his luok .with her, but she's not a marrying "girl. ' She says sho would rather be a Sister of . Mercy, or a Hospital Nurse than anything else.' ' She would be throwing herself away,' I said; 'inwardly .wondering whether Alexander would ' smell a rat' and oross- question me. ' < . v l ' Well, it's a matter of taste. She is peculiar, and would rather marry a. clerk, if she loved him, than an earl with his thousands for position. . She is just as good as' they inake 'em',)/ craoluaed my companion; 'ancl I should say aa proud asLuoifer.' r ; £ih'e would iHen'«aalcBs"'ghod match, was my flippant reply. ' I must try to cultivate her acquaintance. - ' She is a very striking girl.! , ;r / ' Well, you may meet her to-morrow at lunoheon, but f can't promise to. intro- . duoe you; The old. Peaoboke' iB very exclusive.' V ' ' \ ' ' Thank you, Alexander ; inuoh obliged, ' I said. ' ' Well, hangiti'mah," y'ou;mhst u stand that I o'an'fc introduce Ml my, friends to people I am not. intimate4vrithl. i l know them, - of oourse, and admire the ' Particularly, tije, gontlo Emily ,'--I sneered, for I was Billy, and jealous,, ana annoyed. . , ' That is my affair, Martyn, and I will trouble you not to make insinuations. I do admire MisB Emily Sinolaire, certainly ; but my liking oannot concern you, as you do not know hor, and may never know keio! ' . I held my . tongue, . prudently ; but could not repress a smile as I remembered my long tote-a- tete with Emily ; the pic tures, and the terrible denouement' which brought my afternoon's visit to a close. TO de CONTINUED TO-MOBBOW. 