?l)t ê>pïmcp i-Kornmg. fierait!. SATDSBAT, MAT 7, ISM. I» London the opinion prevails that Mr. Dibbs' mission is an exhibition of want of confidenoo in tho Agenta-General. Mb. G. R. Dibbs will land nt Naples on tho arrival of the Orotava, and prooecd to London across the Continent. litt. Dibbs has not boon commissioned by the Victorian Governinont to undertako any spooitio and responsible duties on it., behalf, but ho will represent the colony on such matten, as the stop- ping of sending criminals to Now Caledonia mid tho invostmont of trust funds in oolonial Govern- ment soouritics. Ik the House of Lords, Lord Knutsford has atatod that ho is not nwaro of the nature of tho precautions proposed to bo taken by the Queens laud Government to protect tho kanakas recruited for that colony, but ho is satisfied that adéquate arrangements will bo made. InBTBOonoi.s have boon oonvoyed to the Admiral on the Australian st-tion to watoh tho importation of kanakas to Queensland, and to suggest in what way any abuses that might ooour should bo avoided. A DKi-T-aiO-. from the London Trades Counoil will wait upon Lord Salisbury and Mr. Balfour in reference to the legalisation of tho eight-hour system. The Cabinet of the Marquis di Rudini, tho Italian Promier, has been defeated in tho Chamber of Deputies, and has resigned. Signor Soracea will probably be the now Premier. I AcooediN- to the Baily Telegraph the present demands for Australian securities will probably be followed by tho announcement of now colonial loans. A OBEAT bi-motallio conferenoe, held at the Mansion House, London, has adopted tho resolu- tion of the conference of the Manoheslor Chamber j of Commerce in favour of a staple par of exohango between gold and eilvor. ! ' A SKTTi_cjn_îvT has boon arrived at in connection with tho strike in the English cotton trade. The masters and men havo agreed to a compromise, and work will be resumed on Monday. TnEiu. has beon a torriblo railway disaster in ' California. "When passing over tho Dosmoins I Bridgo an express train loft tho rails and was I prcoipitated into the valley beneath, sovon | passengors buing Irllod and 15 injurod. I In referring to the Queensland Sopnrution question, tho Times states that the delegates from I Contrai Queensland present a strong prima facie caso, but Lord Knutsford will prooeod oautiously. I Dyx_.-ite cartridges havo boen found on tho ' tramlino in Vionna. A largo qunntity of nnar , ohist literaturo is being circulated throughout i Austria. I Having recovered from his reoonfc illness, the Chief Justice yesterday presided at tho sitting of tho Full Court. Taz export of coal from Newcastle for tho past week amounted to 45,.52 tons. A F-SitaE oonfiiot has takon place on the Polish frontier in conaequenoo of the Russian gendarmes ' preventing a largo body of peasants loaviug the oountry. Mary peasant« were wounded. The steamer Bellinger, whioli was rooently stranded at Stradbroke Island, off the Queonsland coast, is reported to have broken up. A BOX containing £40,000 haB boen stolon from a parcels waggon on tho Eastern Railway Com- pany's lino in France. Thebb are no signs of rain at Broken Hill, A regular water train of 24 trucks runs daily from Hutton's Lagoon, and somo important dovolop ments in regard to tho supply of the town may bo . expected shortly. Tin. Broken Hill mines aro to be assessed on a one shilling in the pound basis for municipal pnr I poses. Last year the Proprietary 3_¿no paid j £fl83, but this yoar it will havo to pay £3800. I A seizuiik of opium supposed to have been ; smuggled was mado on Friday in tho shop of somo Chinese trader- in Little Bourke-stroet, Melbourne, and a prosecution will ensno on the ¡ground of having in possession "un-Customed I gooda." I Tins Adolaido shareholders of the Evoleen I Silvor-mining Company plodgo themselves to , resist tho attempt of the Sydiney official liqui- j dator to mako paid-up shares liable for calls. ' A stbI-_- at tho Portland Comont Works of ; Lithgow has re.ulted in tho places of tho old I hands being filled at once. The oapsize of a fishing boat is reported from | Port Campbell, Viotoria. Ono man was seen to disappear, whilst another floated until dusk on tho upturned boat without the slightest hope of a reeoue. A aoi_> rush has set in at Condobolin, and tho town is nearly deserted in consequcnoo of a rioh reef having boen discoverod on tho Errebondery run. Sib Saul S__ro_-, Mr. James Munro, Sir John Bray, and Sir Malcolm EVasor have officially attended the first Queen's levee of tho season. The Southern colliories havo been fairly busy during the weok, und tho Western coal trado has experienced a slight improvement. The ofBoial report of the Railway Commis- sioners upon the Tarana railway disaster appoor» elsewhere. Yestebd-.y Mr. Justioe Manning sanctioned the compromise arrived at by the depositors in the St. Joseph's Building and Investment Society. Mr.. Justice Owen yesterday dismissed the suit of Batt and another v. Onslow and othors, in which tho plaintiff sought to recover £12,000 in connection with tho salo of certain property at Pyrmont. Mb. Hkiby Loot's article upon " Life in London and Thereabout " apponrs in another column. In it ho refers to the malady of the German Emperor and tho to new ooiuago. A DrvrDEND of 6 per cent, has been declared by the Northeru Steamship Company, Auckland. It is expected that tho Earl of Glasgow will arrive in Sydney on the 23rd instant, and in Well- ington at the end of tho month. It is estimated that on the 31st December the population of Melbourne was 491,942. ____« night the mombers of the vioe-rcgal Wk have pleasure in calling attention to the Model Jackets and full-length Gapes exhibited by Mr. Water», of King-street. Amongst the novelties we notice the new whole-back Sac Coat which is so muoh spokm. ot by the Bog-*- fat-ion journals. party at Grafton woro ontortainod at a banquot girai by tho oitizena and tlio Affrioultural Sooioty. W_ publish oleawhoro tho second artiolo by our special roportor upon tho bonded atoros of Sydney. A rauvKii named William Allison wail killed yesterday by Doing j'ainbed botwoen tho polo of a wag-jron and a st«ok of timoor. Yestsjieat tlio Customs receipts amounted to £8219. Towards this tho 10 per cent, ad valorem duty contributed _68:t, and tho 15 per cent. £95. It will be noticed that tlio quostion of reciprocity in trade, liko many other questions related moro or loss directly to Imperial fedoration, has received a de- velopment, and rob beon pressod with a vigour in Canada not to bo found in othorä of tho colonies. This may havo its advantages as an objoct lesson, but it docs not by any moans follow that wo aro bound to accept the lead of. Canada in all things with- out fully considering the consequences. In somo respoots Canada is in a " closo place," and bj' tho necessities of its position it may bo forced to act whilo wo can afford to wait. This is ver3r marked in the earnostness with which many of tho loading and mobt enlightened mon in the Dominion are pressing for closer rolations with England in commercial interchange. Wo havo already referred to tho notion of the Canadian House of Commons in resolving by a largo majority to iustituto differen- tial duties favouring English trado, and to tho probabilities of corresponding fiscal advantages boing sought in return. But recont intelligence by mail, bear- ing cn mattors antecedent to this aotion of tho Dominion House of Commons, suggests the thought that other advantages than thoso through fiscal tariffs may be in contemplation. In his place in Parliament the Minister of Financo, Mr. Foster, said : " It might be worth the while and the thoughtful attention of tho Government to consider whether tho timo was not approaching, if it was not near at hand, when it would be tho duty of Canada to hold out her hand to tho country which had helped her, by ropaying iavour with, favour, and interest with interest, and by giving the best treatniont in her markets in return for the friendly treat- ment which sho had roceivod in the British inarkots." This, of course, was said uudor a burning sonso of resentment at tho rojoction of Cana- dian overtures to the United States for reciprocal trado relations, and it was rocoived, it appears, with prolonged applauso in the Canadian Parliament. The sequel to it has been this resolution in the IIousq of Commons for fixing preferential dutios in favour of Euglish trade. It will bo observed that there is hero no suggestion of a bar- gain to bo mado ; it is not implied that England should be called on to givo pre- ference to Canadian goods by imposing dutios on the productions of foroign countries ; but tho proposal sooms un- conditional, requiring no fiscal favours from England in roturn, and morely in recognition of tho services rendered by Eugland to Canada in tho past. As gratitude is said to bo a livoly sonso of favours to come, it is just pos- sible that this generous suggestion, which appears to be embodied in the resolution of a few weeks later, may contemplate the probability at loast of further services in some form boing con- tinued by England in anothor way. If this is tho position taken by Canada wo can understand the enthusiasm with which it was greeted in certain quarters in Eugland ; and as this jubilation was ac- companied by tho expression of an opinion that Australia and South Africa should bo brought under the same arrangement, wo aro lost in bewildering conjecturo as to what the nature of the proposal may be that is mount to obtain tho adhesion of these colonies. Grati- tude is rather an intougiblo asset in a trading transaction ; and though we aro undoubtedly uudor a deep debt of gratitude to Groat Britain for the foster- ing care and protection boslowed on the colonies, wo should bo hardly pro pared to recognise it in tlio farm of removing Customs taxation off English imports. As for tho large sums of money advanced to us, we generally consider that we havo given adequate security for them, and that the bonefits are mutual. For the rest we have paid our way, aud are prepared to pay it still. And though we símil bo just as glad as Canada to hold out our hand to the country that has helped us by "repaying iavour with favour, and interest with interest," wo should decidedly expect to see some tangible return for such, substantial conces- sion as a preferential remission of dutios, even if we doomed it advisable to make such i-emission at all. Wo can quito un- derstand the impossibility of Gi cat Britain offering fiscal advantages that would necessitate the imposition of a protective tariff against all other customers. And the difficulty on our sido-whether on tho part of protectionists reluctant to forogo | the instrument with which they hopo j to develop local industries to tho exclusion of English goods, or on tho part of free- traders who would be obliged to abandon fiscal taxation which has to bear the chief burthen of indispensable revenue- | would bo almost as insuperable. Apart ' from this would b_ our difficulty in j ever inducing the people of Australia to surrender to distant influences and con- j trol tlio power to adjust our taxation ; for whether freetraders or protectionists, or j without any particular viows on the ques- ' tion,-there are few in these colonies who ' would consent to have the fixing of tho ' taxation of tho peoplo thus taken from tho hands of the peoplo's repre- sentatives. Difficult, however, as the question was under the supposition of the possibility of England arranging to confer fiscal advan- tages in return for preferential favours in the colonial tariffs, it becomes sensibly greater if wo are askod to make them for tho consideration of "gratitude," even in its most extended meaning. There is little doubt, from what has appeared on the subject, that the in- vitation, whether formally or informally, will be addressed to us, ond that we may be offered the opportunity of uniting with Canada in this scheme for drawing closer the trading relations of tho colonial empire with the mother country. It may be well, therefore, that we should keep our attention turned to the subject so that we may not be startled by the proposal. Can it be in contempla- tion .that favours in some substantial form may bo offered by England in lieu of fiscal concessions as an inducemont to oui- granting preferential duties to English trade ? Those are times of surprise ; and with the example of Canada before us, rushing in this way into the Im- perial arms, impelled thereto by an over- powering sense of " gratitude,'' there is no saying what a day may bring forth. The oharges made by the municipal authorities for the hire of the Centennial Hall have been the subject of consider- able disoussion in our correspondence columns during tlio past week, and it is not a littl'o curious to obsorve what a good case can bo mado out on oithor side. Tho musical societies, on behalf of which com- plaint is specifically made, orgue in effect that inasmuoh as thoj- hire the hall in the interests of musical art rather than for profit, and in ho fur as their efforts to that ond result in financial loss rather than in gain, tho authorities should roduco tho charges in their favour to a sum that will cover tho cost of lighting and other oxponses. A score of excellent arguments could bo brought forward in Bupportof this ôonton tion, and ns is usual in such cases, they seem absolutely conclusivo until wo havo heard the othor side. That other side, howovor, is even simpler. It is a matter of figures. Tho Town Clerk puts tho cost of lighting at £8 por night, and the yearly inteiest on the expenditure in building tho hall at £12,500 ; to this he ndds the cost of insurance, organist's salary, and othor items of expenso ; I mid then ho shows by figures supplied to our reporter, and which wo publish at length ols-whero, that tho probable yearly income . is something ovor £8000, Tho oasy nrillrmotical inference is that tho charges now mado for the biro of tho hall do not cover tho cost of lighting and othor exponsos. 'Die ordinary rato now is £25, and it is ovitlent that if this wore reduced to ton guineas as the musical societies desire, the difference botweon roceipts and expenditure at the ond of tho year would bo still moro marked. It follows, therefore, that tho matter cannot bo approached on theso linos with any pros- pect of advantage to the socioties ; and that being so, porhaps it would bo as well if the relative commercial aspects of the situation wore left out of the con- sideration altogether. Thoro aro other reasons why it should bo dropped ; under the circumstances this one may suffice. But of cotirso it is not so easy for tho Town Hall authorities to loso sight of the financial aspoct of the question from their point of view as trustees for the owners of the hall. Against that argument wo can only sot tho objects for which the hall was built, and the value of tho effort mado by tho musical societies towards attaining thom. To those two issues the discussion really narrows itself, and it is right, the matter having boon mooted, that thoy should roceivo all reasonable consideration. It will bo nocessary to put on one side at the outset any plea for specially advantageous torms for the musical societies as compared with othor tenants of the hall, on the ground that the ontertainmonts aro of an eduoational nature. A similar claim would hold good, as it does to a limited extont now, in the caso of charitable enterprises. To admit thom would be to beg the whole question, because a Philharmonic concert, a charity ball, a bazaar for a benovolent objoot, ,nnd indeed nine-tenths of tho pur Îloses for which the hall can bo ot would easily bo brought under one or other of these exceedingly elastic qualifi- cations. It would hardly be worth tho while of the authorities to niako a stoical reservation to the projudico of tho remain- ing tenth ; and even if it were, it is doubtful if some insidious wile could not be cunningly devised to overcome it. Tho more the whole question is looked into, the more clearly apparent is it that there is no definite side-aspect to tho issue as between the objects of the Centennial Hall and the cost of its maintenance. If we havo the finest organ and one of the finost civic halls in the world, wo must bo pre- pared to pay forthoseluxuries; and the issue Îlaced beforo us by the critics of the Town lull administration ie whether or not we have repontod of our bargain, and aro prepared to sacrifico its possible benefits for tho wherewithal to pay for them. The authorities may expect to reçoive blame from one side or the other in either case. If thoy argtio that it is their duty to conduct, their business on business principles and get the best roturas on tho public's investment, they will be met by the censure of those who hold that this is not exactly the spirit in which their trust should bo administered. They may be ablo to allege that their large Hall may possibly earn moro for its hirers than any other available building in Sydney, and point to tho return of £271 on one of Mr. AVi-îoajîd-s popular organ recitals in _ proof of their contention. They may even argue that their hall is itself an attraction, and that the speculator who engages it, whatovor his object may be, can rely on a consider- able augmentation of his receipts bocauso tho public will more willingly go there than anywhere else. No one will disputo theso arguments ; although iu connection with them it is to be observod that the hall loses business by fixing the biro for rehearsals, for instance, at what oro shown in practice to bo proliibi tive prices. Bui the persons who act on them may expect to be censured all the same ; and the acridity of the censure will only be paralleled by that which they may look to incur if thoy choose the other course, and consent to administer their trust in the interests of musical art at a still greater loss than they do now. The situation is a difficult ono, but the key to it seems to lie in the purpose for whioh the Centennial Hall was estab- lished. It may be taken for granted that the municipal authorities do not wish to make revenue out of their trust so much as to pay expenses. It is equally clear that thoy fail to do this, and,that mean- while a local musical society whioh gener- ously expends nearly £500 in the interests of its art, and which incurs a loss of £330 on its enterprise, has to pay about one-third of that loss for the hire of the hall and organ, as well as a fee of £81 for the performance of a Christmas oratorio. Eehoarsals havo to be dropped on the ground of expense ; and younger socioties suffer even more disastrously. The result is doubly unsatisfactory, and it becomes a question if, after all, it would not be best 'j sacrifice the financial interest a little more in favour of tho object for which its responsibilities wero incurred. "We built our Centennial Hall for our use and benefit, for the eduoation and enjoyment of the people, and as a means towards the better cultivation of the arts and graces and refinements of life. Following the admirable example set us by the most advanced civilisations of the old world, we established a centre whore the best of those influences that help to mould the mind of the race and form its publio spirit on the most desirable models, should be at home. To make it pay expenses was a secondary, though important, con- sideration. We have amongst us musical societies like the Philharmonic on the one hand, and the Amateur Orchertral Society on the other, similarly established to encourage one of the most popular of these influences. That the two things, and all others co-operating for the same end, should be encouraged to work harmoniously together ia self-evident, if we are sinoere in our expressed desire to use our eduoational aids to the best ad- vantage. To do all this, we are clearly called upon to sacrifice a point somewhere. And here it may be permitted the observer to say «hat economy ia ¿hi- matter ia I false economy, and that it is doubtful if we may look for a better return for the oiti_ens\ money in any other form. Of course, tho citizens' money is colleotod in the first instance to defray tho cost of such practical matters as sewerage, stroet-paving, and procautions taken in respeot of tho public health and convo nionco. These must always como first. If tho funds at tlio disposal of tho City Council aro not sufficiont to defray those ohargos and indirectly subsidise the musi- cal interest at the same time, of course the hitter must go. But if the situation be renlly so serious as all this, porhaps the municipal authorities might seo their way to favourably consider tho special cases of musical sociotios that carry on their edu- cational work at a loss, and look to a special itom in the oxponso-voto of the Minister for Education to recoup thom for any abatement they make in their regular scalo of charges. From a statement we published yester- day it apjioars that in November last Mr. Duma suggested to the Premiers of sevoral othov colonies that thoy should join in making a unitod Austialnsian exhibit at Chicago, with Dr. Kenwick as E.ccutivo Commissioner for tho whole group. Tho suggestion has not tukon effoct, for in one way or onothor each of tho Ministors addressod managed to find an excuso for either declining to accept it or for putting it quietly on the shelf. It is a curious coincidence that tho idea of a joint instoad of a separate representation of all the colonies at Chicago was sub- mitted to tho late Premier and plainly dis- countenanced by him, so that the fate of the last proposal looks something like a restoration of equilibrium. The point of interest, however, is tho federal disposition oxhibitod in this mattor by Mr. Dibbs. It evidently appeared desirable to him that the colonies should all work togothor in concort under the wing of New South Wales. .And without particularising minutely it may be remarked that this federal spirit, wliich has lately been animating the Premier, has made itsolf visible in various ways. For instance, tho great mystery that ho is carrying in his pocket to London hen been submitted to the heads of othor Aus- tralian Governments with the view of obtaining for it their approval and patronage. Evidently there is to tho Premier's eye some peculiar attraction in this method of action, by means of whioh an appearance of federal concert may bo gut tip by executive authority without any substantial foundation of really bind- ing and beneficial union for it to rest upon. At tho first glance thore may Boom to be some want of agreement between tho Promior's federal yearnings of to-day and the hostile attitude towards federation which he assumed not many months ago, when he contended in effect that the idea of federal union was not to be entertained until the colonies were ready to cast off their dependence upon the mother country. But, on second thoughts, it may be seen that it was the real thing which he then opposed, and that it is only a sham of which he is now enamoured. Thore is no true federal senti- ment in thoso endeavours after volun- tary concurrent action. Federation means the union of the colonies under a govern- ment to whioh they would all submit for the purpose of promoting the common good, even though each had to make some sacrifice of individual freedom. No one who really believes in federation should bo misled by the surface indications of such demonstrations as those referred to. Tho resumption of kanaka labour by Queensland appears to be creating as much interest among certain classes in England its it does among the labour party in Australia. The grounds of tho agitation, however, appear to be some- what different, for while with us the grievance is the probable ultimate effects of tho imported kanakas on the price of labour, the iuterost of the ogitators in England is lest evil bofall the kanakas themselves in the carrying out of tho immigration. In both cases the intervention of tho Imperial authorities appears to bo a desideratum ; and the reply of Lord Knutstord to Lord Kim- berley, as given in our telegraphic columns, may be accepted as defining the extent to which Imperial influence, if ex- ercised at all, is likely to go. The Secre- tary of State for the Colonies is not aware of tho precautions intended by the Queensland Government to protect the kanakas recruited, but he feels satisfied that sufficient arrangements will be made to safeguard the islanders. He has further instructed tho Admiral on the station to watch the importation of the kanakas and to suggest in what way any abuses that might occur should be avoided. No one, however punctilious about colonial rights, will see anything amiss in such action. It refers distinctly to tho over- sea trafilo, in which abuses of the grossest kind took place during the period whon the rooruiting of kanakas was iormorly in operation, and when a gunboat was de- tached from the floet with tho object if possible of preventing abuse. Should such service be again rendered, so far from its offending susceptibilities, we have no doubt it will be gladly accepted by the Queensland Government, whose auxious desire will bo to prevent the possibility of any wrong- doing in obtaining labour such as that which formerly created so much scandal. Apart from this, it is tho duty of England as a civilised Power-a duty whioh is now rojognised as devolving on them by all civilised Powers-to peremptorily stop any traffic in enforced labour ; and should any case oocur of kanakas boing taken in- voluntarily from their homeB, or of their being ¿.treated in the " middle passage," it is to be hoped that the navy will actively co-operate with the Queens- land Government in having the guilty brought to justice, and in having the islanders proteoted from misrepresenta- tions, deception, or compulsion in making their engagements. " Further than this, of course, the Secretary of State for the Colonies does not intimate the intention of going ; and if the promoters of tho monster petition from Australia to the Queen an- ticipate the intervention of Imperial force in interfering with the legislation of the Queensland Parliament and in stopping the resumption of kanaka labour, they can- not be said to find much encouragement in this expressed intention of exercising a general surveillanoo, and care over the re oruiting of labourers. His Exoellenoy tho Govornor will lir'd a levée at Government House on Wednesday, the 25th instant, in honour of her Majesty's Birthday. Tho regulations aro as under :-Gentlemen who havo roooived cards of entrée will pass into the princi- pal drawing-room not later than 2.30 p.m., and the publio bodied to bo presented to his Excellenoy aro requested to meet in tho hall at the same hour. Other gontlemen attending the levée will bo recoivod by his Exoellenoy at 3 o'clock, and will lions through the hall into the ballroom as direoted by the aides-de-oamp in waiting. All officers of the army, navy, and volunteers, and the oonauls to wear full-dress uniform ; other gentlemen evening costume or uniform. Each gentleman *o be provided vr-'th two orada with hil name legibly written thereon, to be given to the aide-do camp, who will announce tho name to tha Governor Teleqba-IS flora South Australia published yesterday stated that a largo consignment of un- stamped newspapers, punted in Now South Wales, had amvod in tho Southern colony, that all nero surcharged, and that numerous nowepapoi. wore refused accoptanco by Ado laido subscribers Mr Kidd tho Postmastor Gcncnl of New South Wnlc. his made nn inquiry into tho ciroumMiir ces with tha result that Mr Lambton, his Under-Sccrotun ha» forwarded tho appended statement for publica- tion -" On tho afternoon of the 26th ultimo a letter was received fiom tho General Post Office, Adeloido, intimating that from the 1st instant nowsnapcra oddroased to South Australia mutti \ bear postage of Jd each, or they would be charged Id on delivery It was mipo. .lblo to have ob. tainod the neocssary authont\ of the Governor in Council and to havo fully notified tho chang» throughout our territory m tho short spaco of four days, but tho Adolaide Post Offloo has, 15 appears, carriod out its intention and ïs charging newspapers from this and other oolo nios Id cadi, unless prepaid to tho extent of Jd Tho Postmaster- General of Now South Wah» telegraphed pointimf ont tho injustice to the p lbhc of surc-crg-ii., newspapers withont due notice to the sender, in this co'ony of thb intention to do ho and asking for 11 postponement till the 15th in-itpnt but tno South Australian office has refu.cdto ncccdo to this request Stops aro being taken to give publicity to tho determination of tho Adeluido omeo " Yco_.iu.ai a deputation fiom Parramatta intro- duced bj Mi Hugh Taylor, M L A , waited up- on rho -urnibtcr for Lands to protest against tho action of tho Government in permitting the municipal authonties to utiliso tho stono qnany situated near Harold street, within tho munici- pality It tv us urged that blasting operations in tho quarry named wcro a sourco of serious dangor to human life and property in its im- mediate vicinity, tboroforo, it vi as contended, tho Government should close the quarry. Mr Copeland, in reply, said no timo should bo lost in sending a departmental surveyor, whose, duty would bo to make full inquiry into the canse, of complaint Tho reservo on whioh the quarry- ing was cflcotod was not dedicated The land was possessed by tho council, and it was for the doputation to make arr .ngoment- with the muni- cipal authontio. If ho, as Minister, closed the quany, ho mould bo compellod to take possession of tho land, but boforo ho would accept that lia- bility ho must rccoivo tho report from a surveyor of hit, department Tiie Commission appointed to securo the proper representation of Now South Wales at tho World's Fair to bo held at Chicago, mot yesterday after- noon in tho Colonial Secrctur, 's Office, and adopted reports from committees as follows - Trom admiu._trat.vo and finance committee, re Apul aocouuts, work ot canvassing stall, and recommendations of committees , from committee on agriculture , from cominittco on wool, -.0 , with referenco to adoption of a wool circular and form of entry, and tho appointment of Mr Alexander Bruce gener-lily to arrange the wool exhibits , from committee on horticulture, with respect to the collection of typical plants of Australia to bo shown m tho Now South Walea Court, and tho arrangements for the conveyance! of such plants to their destination , from com- mittee on fish and fisheries, on turned fish, and popular pamphlet on the marine fish and fisheries of tho colony, from committee on mining generally on exhibits in this department of olasai ¿cabon , from committee on manufactures, oluefly with reference to tenders for colonial furniture, and from committee on liberal arts, chiefly witt, respect to publications and ethnological exhibits. Several gentlemen appointed as additional mem- bers of the Commission were detailed for duty on different Bub-cominittoes 0-. Thursday last tho Railway Commissioners, through their secretary, Mr Hugh M'Laohlan, forwarded to the Minister for Hallways an official report on tho accident to the down Western mail train whioh ocourred near Tarana on tho morning of the 27th ultimo Tho report m question waa prepared by Mr William T Ioxlco,thoEngineer in-Chiof for E.isting Lines, and under date of 4th May It roads as follows -" I bog to report that No 61 down Western mail was partially derailed at about 2am on tho 27th ultimo, at about 117 miles 14 chains west Immediately on receipt of the news, and in compliance with the Commissioners' directions, I visited the scene of the accident Tho train consisted of engine No. 462, one horaobox, one louvred van, one second oloss lavatory car, ono first-class lavatory car, one, sleeping car, ono postal van, and ono broko van, in the order naiuod Iho brako van, postal van, and trading bogie of sleeping car were derailed, tho train being biought to a stand when the van had reached a point 100 yards from tho broken rail that oaubod tho derailment Tho whole sido of the brako van and one ond and part of tho side ot mail van were torn away by coming into contaot with the face of the rock cutting The axle-boxes on ona sido of tho bogie wheels of sleeping cor weio also broken off Nino persons-four women and hvo men-wcro killed and 11 injured The dead and wounded wore sont without delay to Bathurst, and tho Uno was oleared for traffic ut 1 30 p m on tho 27th ultimo Tho Uno at tins mileage is m a rook cutting, on a curvo of 12 chains radius and a gradient ot 1 in 150 falling towards Bathurst. The load, is laid witlf 761b double-headed iron rails and 271b ohairs, the sleepers being of Iron- bark of tho heaviest description and m good condi- tion This portion has only rooently boen re-bal- lasted, and the purmanont way generally was in good order I mado minute inquine., and It is perfectly clear that only one cause can bo assigned lor the accident, and thut it was due to a fracture of a rail Tho road had been oare fully inspected a few hours previously by the per- manent-wuy mon, and eviry caro taken by tha ganger to soe that tho regulations as to the in- spection and maintenance of the road woro ob- served 'Iho accident, which is similar to othors whioh havo occurred in my experience, is of a olass which unfortunately ocour on ovory railway, and which cannot by any means be foreseen An inspection of the ran shows that au old traotnro existed in the bottom flange, where it could not have been seen When new the lau weighod 761b por yard, and is now found to weigh 73jlb , having only lost IJlb per yard wtulo in the road Tho damage to tho permanent wa> was unimportant, consisting of the crippling ot four ruils and the broakago of about oO choirs Tho corouor's inquest, which w as hold on the -8th and 29th ultimo, resulted in the following vordiot. ' We find that the deceased mot their death by tho rosnlt of an accident on the Great Wostern Ballway on tho 27th April the accident being caused by a break in a nul m which theio was a flaw, and there is no ovidenco boforo us of negleot on ti» part of any of tho oihoials ' " Mn BoDLracE, who is now in chargo of tho tunk- and artesian borea on all tho travelling stock routes, has received several reports showing the extent of boring operations in tho w estera district Ou the route between Bourko and Milparinka eight boring ooutraots havo been let to Me _ra Wllliam Piokcrxng and Co , of Buthurst street, Sydnoy At the 121 miles peg the boro is down 1800ft, and at the 106 milos distanoo a depth of 1300ft has boen reached A lar_.o supply of sub-artesian water has been stiuck m the 121 miles bore, and pumps aie raising the wat« about oOft to the surfaco for stock pm poses On the Collurendabri and Angledool load the depth of tho boio is 2400ft, tho result so far having beon a tapping of a sub-artesian water supply It is proposed to continue boring to a 3000ft lovel, or further if symptoms of tapping a true artesian supply con- tinue favourable At Muckadilla, in Queensland, an admirable supply of w ator was reached at a depth of 3200ft, and it is possible that this feat may bo icpeated on tho Angledool-road At Barrangun water has beon struok by the Peti oleum Boring Company at tho ICOOtt levol, and from this boro there is a daily Biipply of 200,000 gallons of good water. Mr Christian, of Brindingabba, boring privately on the Bourke -Hungerford- road, has obtained a supply of 600,000 gallons per day from a bore 800ft in depth The valves for regulating the supply of water from artesian bores, provided by tho department, havo boen used by Mr Christian with marked success Chief Inspector Low, acoompanied by an offloial of tho j Agricultural Department, is at present reporting on the Native Dog bore to ascertin if the sur- rounding country is suitable for the site of an ex- , perimental irrigation farm. Ma B B Nicoll, M L A , who returned yes- terday from a visit to the southorn capital, speaks vary highly of the works in progress under the direotion of the Melbourne Harbour Trust for tha formation of a dook on what has long boen known aa tho Melbourne Swamp The dook, Mr Nicoll state«, will aooommodate something like 20 large vM-elt, such aa iateroo_on___l steamer», and the who"- of -the cost, it is believed, will be met by the proee-d« from the salo of land roolaimod from the swamp. Tlio works in progress include the reclamation of about 20 aores of jiwamp. A DEroTATiON from tho St. Goorge's Firo Bri- gade waited upon the Rockdale Counoil on Thursday ovoning. Tho captain, Mr. 0. Boyle, urged that tho council should rogistor undor tho Fire Brigades Board, and if that bo not enter- tained ho urged that a bylaw should bo enforced to strike a spooial rato of ono-fifth of a penny in the £ to support tho brigade, and further, if this could not bo done, would tho council voluntarily contribute a sum instead of sending tho amount to support tho Sydney brigadoa. The Mayor, in reply, pointod out that the counoil wa» a oreaturo of a statnte, and it possossod no statutory power to enforce a by-law, as suggestod, but at the samo timo the council was anxious to support tho institution, but unfortun- ately, boing hopelessly financially involvod, he could not on bohalf of the counoil at present bind it to anything, and as to a donation it had no power to vqte the money. Howover, the whole rnattor would bo considered, and tho result should bo intimated to the brigade. Tho captain drew attention to the necosaity of the woter being laid 'on to tho stage of the Town Hall. This the aldermen thought a good suggestion, and tho Mayor promised to havo tho work oarriod out. The Chief Justioo, having recovered from his reoont illness, wa_ able to preside at the sitting of the Full Court yesterday. Two Crown casés woro tho first mattors con- sidered by the Full Court yesterday. In the first a man named Edwin Watkins appealed ngainat his conviction nt tho last Orango Quarter Sessions. Tlio prisoner was sentenced to tlirco years' im- prisonment for sheep-stealing, and the points upon whioh tho appeal waa hosed were : 1\. That a shoepslrin and ovidenoo in regard to it should not havo benn reooived in evidence. 2. That, if received, tboy should subsequently hare been withdrawn. 3. That the ehargo of the Acting Chairman of Quarter Sus- sions with rogard to them amounted to a mis- direction. After hearing counsel tho Court re- served its decision for a week. In the Queen v. Hogan tho prisoner had boon convicted before Mr. Justice Windoyor of fraud in connection with tho delivery of 1000 sheep, and ho appoaled on the ground that tho conviction on tho third count was bad. The Court, however, sustained tlio ' conviction. An application was granted for a rule nisi calling noon Mr. Wolsh, solicitor, of Broken Hill, to answer certain affidavits relating to his retention of £10, tho property of a olienf, and to show cause why ho should not be struck off the rolls. The rulo was mado returnable on the 27th instant. In the Quoen v. Fraser and Jacobs, an application was made for bail. The accused were tried at tho last Cubbo assizes on a ehargo of robbery, but the jury failod to agree, and pri- soners were remanded until next assizes, and ¿hoy now applied for bail, which Mr. Justice Windoyor, who presided at tho triul, had previously refusod. The Court, after hearing a lengthy argument on tlio part of Mr. Wiso, counsel foi the prisoners, refused by majority (Mr. Justico Stephon boing the dissentient) to grant bail. Yesterday Mr. Justioo Manning, sitting in Equity Jurisdiction, sanctioned tlio compromise arrived at by the meeting of depositors in the St. Joseph's Investment and Building Society hold cn the, 22nd April lost. I» Equity yesterday, Mr. Justice Owen, Chief Judge in Equity, delivered his reserved judgmont in the case of Batt and another v. Onslow and others. The suit was ono to recover the sum of £12,000, arising out of tho sale of certain pro- perty at Pyrmont. Tho case, it will be remem- bered, extended over a fortnight. His Honor now found that tho plaintiffs' case had wholly failed, and dismissed the suit with costa. On tho occasion of the doath of the Duke of Clarence and Avondale, the Primate, on bohalf of ,tho dioceses of the Church of England in Austra- lia and Tasmania, forwarded to the Quoen and ', the Prince and Princess of Wales, through Lord Jersey, the following message of condolence : "The Bishop of Sydney, aa Primate of the dioceses of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania, beg«, with all respect, to tender on tlioir behalf an expression of loyal and heart- felt sympathy with the Queen and the Prince and Princess of Wales in the soro and sudden bereave mont whioh has just befallen the Boyal House." The Priiuato baa. received the following letter from Lord Jersey:-"Syd- ney, 2ith April, 1892.-My Lord,-I have the honour to inform you that in a despatch which I havo received from tho Seorotary of State, Lord Knutsford informs me that ho laid before the Queen tho address signed by you as Primate of the diocoscs of tho Church of England in Aus- tralia and Tasmaniu, expressing sympathy with ber Majesty and their Royal Highnesses the Prinoe and Princess of Wales on tho ocoasion of tho death of tho Duke of Claronco and Avondale. Lord Knutsford requests that you may bo in- formed that ho is commanded by hor Majosty, on her own behalf and on that of the Frinco and Princess of Wales, to convoy to you tho grateful thanks of the Royal Family for the kind feelings which are expressed in your address.-I have the honour to bo, my Lord, your obedient servant, (signed) Jsbsey. Tho Bight Reverend the Lord Bishop of Sydney." , The sub-committoo, appointed by St. Andrew's Cathedral Chapter to consider tho 12 applications sent in for the position of precentor, consisting of Dean Cowper, Archdeacon Giiuthor, and Canons Hey Sharpe, Moreton, and Kemmis, sat for two hour» yestorday, but, wo are informed, oomo to no decision in respect to the candidate whose appointment they should recommend. Tho qualifications of certain of tho candidates wore discussed, und further considera- tion deferrod until Thursday next. Moanwhilo, it is understood, inquiries will bo mado with a view to discovering whioh of tho candidates is tho boat qualified to fill the position of precontor. Max 0'Rr.r.L, who oontinucs to attract largo audienoes, will give two ontortainmonts in tho Centenary Hall to-daj', tho first boing a matinée, at 3 o'olook, for schools and suburban residents. Cn Monday night, when his Exoollenoy the Go- vernor and the Countess of Jorsoy will bo present, M. Paul Bleuet will repeat, for the last time, " John Bull ; or, tho English at Homo." ' At Hor Majosty'sTheatro the popular burlosquo, " Little Jaok Sheppard," by Messrs. W. Yardloy and n. P. Stevens, will bo produced this evening with Miss Billie Barlow in tho name-part. Tho remaining characters will bo played by Messrs. Goo. Walton, H. Shine, E. Kelly, H. Daniels, Georgo Hall, and the Barnes-Luoolle troupe, with MisscB Edith Vane, Roso Conroy, Lilian Davis, Stuart Gloeson, and Marie Bernard in tho female rules. New and elaborate scenery by Mr. John Brauton, oostly dresses, pretty ballets, and a strong ohorus of 60 voices will form features in tho revival. Lost night a largo audionco wit- nessed tho final performance of "Dick Whit- tington." Though the Admiral was unfortu- nately absent through illness, a number of naval officors oconpied the vico-rogal box. " Sor-HiA " is drawing largo audiences to tho Criterion Theatre, wheie the pioturesqueness of the setting, both as to scenery and oostumes, and the rustic flavour of tho Somersetshire lovo-story, aro proving froshly attractive. " Sophia," whioh owos most of its foroo and vitality to tho great novel from whioh it is drawn, has nevertheless nono of tho coarseness of " Tom Jones." It forms 'a protty comedy, and is remnrkably well played by tho Brough-Boucieault Comody Company. Thk last six nights of " The Trumpet Call " aro unnounood at tho Theatre Royal, whore the members of Mr. Bland Holt's dramatio company now enter upon their 12 farewoll performances. " Tho Trumpet Call " should havo ospeoial interest for playgoers in this part of the world, as the bnrrack-room soene and the presen- tation of' the Viotoria Cross to "Gunner Lanyon " bofore tho assembled battery of tho Royal Horse Artillery, are carried out in realistic fashion, vividly recalling the pomp and display of military life in England. " London Day by Day " is in preparation, and will bo produced with all tho original seenory and Btago effect- on Saturday noxt. The Gaiety Tbeatrewill be ro-oponed on Monday, after oxteuBive renovation, for a Boason of minstrelsy and burlesque, undor the management of Mr. F. E. Hiscooks, whoso successful tonanoy of the old Academy of Music should aid him not a little in popularising this woll-situatod playhouse With tina objoct Mr. Hisoooks has organised the Royal Court Minstrels and Burlesque Opera Com- pany of 60 porformors, by whom a strong pro- gramme has boen prepared for Monday ovoning. Sells Bbothjsbs' Circus at Moore Park was again largely patronised lost ovoning. Evory seat was occupied, and it waa estimated that thor» wore nearly 7000 persona present. We are re- quested to «tate that Lord Charlea Scott hat pro» mised to attend the performance. I Ms. Ham. Rioxasdí will make hi« re-appear ance, after his long and raocemful tonr in South Africa, in the Garrick Theatre this evening, when the Riokards Now English Specialty and Comody Company will make it« début in Australia. Though some popular favourites who followed Mr. Rickards' fortunes through hi » long season in the School of Arts last year will make their rentiie to-night, ¡twill bo seen that mauy fresh engagements havo boen made. To-night's pro- gramme ia moro fully set out olsowhero, and it will bo suifioiont now to name amongst those who will contribute to the now entertainment : Katherine Vincent, lady violinist; Misses Lelia Roze, Lilian Stanbridge, Lilla Wildo, Annie Edney, Laura Honey, and Katio Rickards, spcoialty artistes in their several lines ; and Messrs. Walter Beattie, Maurice Boutley, Albert Lucas, and Harry Rickards, vocalists and comedians. Mr. Henry Burton is musical director, and Mr. John C. Leeto continues to act as business manager for Mr. Rickards. Mb. Pak-eh* Lewis will giva his first enter- tainment in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-streot, on Monday night, under vice-regal patronage, when ho' will reolto Dickens' humorous and pathetio story "A Christmas Carol." Popular prices will rule on t£is occasion. A okanoe of programme, both in the first and second parts, will be presented by tho Vaudeville Minstrel und Specialty Company in tho School of Arts at to- day's matinfco and evening performances. Mr. Hazelwood has selected a number or popular items for tho min Btrolsy portion of tho entertainment, and for tho second part tho burlesque " Blaok-Eyed Susan," arranged by Mr. Harry Leston, will bo produocd here for the first time. Tho cast is a good ono, and as now scenery, roprosentatnH) of nautiool life, will bo introduced, the effect should be pleasing. Among the now artists who will appear to-day are Mr. Harry Clay, a tenor vocalist, and Littlo Taylor, a tight-wiro porformcr. At the Alhambra Musio Hall to-night tho programme presented each evening during this week will be repeated, and on entire chango is announced for Monday evening. On Thursday night a dramatic and opcratio performance waa giver, in tho School of Arts, Balmain, in aid of the local Convent of the Im maoulato Conception. A large gathering was present, and the evening passed off successfully. A bale of work was held last week in connection with St. Andrew's Women's Club. The atalls were well supplied with useful and ornamental articles and plant«, and were presided over by Mesdames Butter and Hardie and the Misses Butter. The second part of Gounod's oratorio, "Tho Redemption," will be performed in the Pitt-Btreot Congregational Churoh to-morrow ovenicg by an augmented choir, when Mrs. Arthur ilossoy, Miss Nellie Young, Mr. Horaoe Chambers, and Mr. E. W. Foxoll will sing the solos. Mr. E. J. Massey will preside at the organ. The Hon. George Coppin, M.P., of Viotoria, ha« for a considerable time taken great interest in the Vernon lads, and on Thursday night he in- vited the entire ship's company to attend the per- formance of the pantomimo in Her Majesty's Theatre. Boys and officers mustered about 250 .strong in the family circlo, and betweon the aots the Vernon band played various selections. The youngster« thoroughly enjoyed tho evening's treat, and at the end of the performance heartily cheered their host. A sale of work, conducted by the ladies of St. Mary's (Churoh of Englaud) Parochial Association, was held in the schoolroom, Bir roll-street, Waverley, on Thursday evoning. The stall« woro decorated and laden with goods. The principal stall was presided over by Mrs. Hansard. The flower stall waa tastefully arranged and was presided over by Miss Simpson and Miss Harden. The boys and girls of the congregation, nicoly attired, acted as canvassers in the disposal of the wares. Tho doll stall was an attraction. The dolls wore contributed by the children of the Ministering Children's League, Waverley branch. The stall was presided over by Miases Sinclair and Harden. The home- made sweets' «tall was presided over by Mina Tourney-Hindo, Miss Knight, and Miss M'Keown. Tan Cyclorama has boen well patronised during the week, and special attractions are offered to- day. -Descriptive lectures will be delivered at intervals, and musical selections' will be con- tributed during the afternoon and evening. A weekly meeting of the Sydney University Union was hold yesterday evening in the common room in the University. Mr. F. V. Pratt occupied the chair. The subject for debate was " That the tendency of the stage is at tho presont day to the detriment of the nation." Mr. F. S. Boyce opened in the affirmative, and was supported by Messrs. A. H. Garnsey, J. B. Holme, and W. J. E. Davios. Mr. W. E. Byrne, B.A., led the opposition. The following gentlemen ulsospoko : Messrs. D. Cowan, D. Levy, W. J. Rooney, B.A., ProfosBor Brunyato, B.A., Messrs. H. O'Roilloy, B.A., A. R. Watt, B.A., and P. J. Pratt. Tho debate proved to bo both vigorous and amusing, and aroused considerable interest. The balance of opinion was with tho opposition, and when tho chairman put tho motion it waa negatived by a large majority. A mkbtino of the ladies' committee of the Womeu'a College Fund was held in the Town Hall, oity, yesterday, Miss Woolley, vice president, was in the ohair, and tho following members were present :-Mrs. Onrgill, Mrs. Chadwick, Mrs. Victor Cohen, Mrs. J. G. Fraser, Mrs. G. Harris, Mrs. Kates, Mrs. H. Lovy, Miss M'Carthy, Mrs. H. E. RusseU, Mrs. W. H. I Suttor, Miss F. Walsh, and Miss Fairfax and Miss J. F. Russell, honorary secretaries, and Mr. A. Nowhaxn, honorary treasurer of the general committee. The honorary treasurer reported the sum collected for general purposes to bo £00 9s 6d. Tho monthly letter for members in the country was read and copios woro provided. At tho monthly mooting; of tho council of tho Now South Wales Rino Asaooiation, held last ovoning in the United Service Institute, it was decided, on the motion of Lieutenant Oldershaw, to permit the uso of the "sight" used in the other colonies at tho intercolonial rifle matches, duo to bo fired on the Randwick Rifle Rango during tho week ending 22nd October next. Tho passing of this resolution secures the representa- tion of Now South Wales at the next intercolonial competition, inasmuoh as it leaves local riflomon free to dispense with tho " sliding-bar " in favour of the " sight " approved by the rifle associations of the other ooloniea. The quarterly meeting of the. mombera of the Railway Institute wu» held in dR largo hall of the institute, Redfern, last evening. There was a fairly large attendance of members. The presi- dent, Mr. Hugh M'Laohlan, who oocupied the ohair, gave a brief account of the progress of tho institute during the quarter. Thero wera now 1371 paid-up members, being the largest number since tho inauguration of the institute. Another satisfactory fea- ture in connection with tho membership was that the old members, almost without oxooplion, were renewing their subscriptions for the present year. During the quarter 0500 books had been lent out, an increase over last quarter of 900 volumes. Though 24,000 books had been lont «ince tho starting of the library only five volamos had been lost. Considering that thoso books wore sent to all parts of the oountry over a railway area of 2080 miles, that small percentage of books lost was satisfactory. During the quarter 50S books had boen added to tho library, bringing the total up to .230 volume». Another pleasing feature was that somo additional donations had beon received, including some 50 handsome volumes «eut by Sir Henry Parkes, and a number of books and magazines forwarded by Mr. Commissioner Oliver. Arrange- ment« bad been mado for various lector«, mostly of a technical oharaoter, during the coming quarter. The dosses and leotures were proving a decided Buooess, particularly the scries of university extension leotures on Socialism, by Professor Anderson, at which there had been a regular attendance of from 70 to 90. These lectures had been so suooessf ul that it had beeu decided to ask the university authorities to nrrango for a similar series of lcoturea on English literature. The olasses for shorthand, typewrit- ing, mechanical and architectural drawing, tele- graphy, block instrument, and eleotrioal engineer- ing had all been very woll attended during the quarter, so muoh so that in one or two instances, owing to want of room, no moro pupils could be taken. With regard to tho receipt«, at the be- ginning of the quarter thoy had a credit balance of £4.0. Tho rooelpts during the quarter, including that balanoe, were £347, and, in spite of a hoavy expenditure of £108 on tho library, they had now the handsome credit balance of £148. It was a source of great gratification to the counoil to find the institute so well patronised, and it was hoped that the soeces« aohieved during the past quarter would be continued in the future. Finally they wished to express their thanks to tho various teaohers for their self-denying -about», and tho caro thoy had taken in instructing the pupils undor th»ra Tho remainder of tho evening was devoted to a ploasant sooial smoko concert An oxcollent musical programmo, vocal and uistrniiiontal, was submitted, in whioh Messrs H Shorlook, L Jenkins, Georgo Kny, Cuntor, Cochrane, Clio.soil, and others tool, pint A ME- Ti_>a w as held last evening at Beattie'« Hotel York street, of tho late committee of tho Now South Wales Poultry, Pigeon, Ciuary, and Dog Society Mr W Beattie occupied the chair Thb ovenmg was occupied in arranging tho classes for tho poultry section All last year s committee men, with tho exception of Mr Greenwood, have been ro-noimnated tor the ensuing year a. well as threo othor members of the society Iho oleotion will tako place at tho annual mooting A meeti-o of tho oommittee of the Citutens' Defonco Association was held in its rooms, Central Arcade, last night Mr George Horkm» was voted to tho chair Ono of tho committee pointed out that the notices forwarded to eleotors by the National Assooiation in which it with- drew the objootions lodged against their right to tho franchise wo-o of no avuú, inasmuch as it was nçw tho duty of the police to boo that all objections should bo decided on tboir mont It was decided to ha.o representitivc. legal and otherwise, prcienfc at cuoh Ilou-ion Court to dofond thoso objected to by Mr Lpps The monthly mcctmgof the W OTU .Colonial Union, took plaoo in the ToraporanceHall, Pitt streot, yesterday Mrs Bowcsprosidod Mrs Ward noted as colonial secretary, m tho absence of Miss Hogg A letter was read from Miss Hogg, giving an account of her work in the Nowcostlo distnot, also from Bathurst and Queensland several letters from Miss Aokormon, who is expected to pay a .mt to Sydney shortly , also one from Miss 1 rauois Willard (Amenci) It waa dooidod that the Austialasum reports should bo sent'into the country free on application Mr» Bowes said that she hod received a report of tho minutes of tho World's Convention in Ainenoa, also addi- tional copies of the world's petition It wa« decided that oxtra copies should bo printed for signature Mrs Rea, colonial treasurer, gave an account of the self-denial week recently held by the union £11 10s 4d had been received, and other sums had yot to arrivo Tue monthly mooting of the oounoil of tho Zoological Society of New South Wales was held in the Gardens, Moore Paik, yesterday afternoon There were present-Mr C C Skarratt (in the ohair), Sir Honry ParkeB, Mossrs J Keep, William Beaumont, William Coles, Walter Bradloy, and Captain Ghost Tho seorotary re- ported that tho receipts from the gates for the fine weeks, endod the 5th of May, amounted to £281 5s 3d from the elephant, £10 12s and from tho donkey and pony, £6 Ob 6d, making a total of £316 17s ''d The gate monoy repre- sented tlie admission of 11,635 visitors, 8666 being adults, 5960 ohildrcn The gardens woie also visited by 958 Public sohool children, accompanied by teaohers, making a total of 978 Mr James Barnet was elected a fellow of tho Bociety Mr C C Skarratt was eleoted hon treasurer A letter was road from Sir Henry Parkes making a donation of a racoon and a Java monkey to the society Dr Powell reported that tho hoalth of tho animals of tho menageno was oxcollent The most notablo ovent during the past mouth was tho birth of three lion cubs The most notable donation received during the month waa a male and female "pocho," or ant-boar Captain Murray, of the RMS Parra- matta, had again brought for tho sooioty from Fort Said lour pelicans The council had also rcooived two pairs of duoks, of North Amenoa (rex sponsa), in oxchango from the London Zoological Society The following is the list of donations resolved during the month hy the sooioty -Ant-eaters, Mr J Lawson, San Franoisco, blue eyed cockatoo, Mr V Bale, native missionary, emu, Mr O Werner, Coolobah, echidna, Mr A Corderoy, Bowenfels, kiwi Mr E F Broad, Sydney, two guinea pigs, Master H Crouoh, Parramatta, lizard, Mr G Oatley, Coogee At the monthly meeting of tho committee of the Parramatta Benevolent Sooiety, held on Wednes- day evening, it waa announced that the grant of £350 for the purchaso of a building for a travel- lers' rest might be used for the purohaso of a building other than the ono specified in the grant Accordingly, a sub- committeo was appointed to inspect suitable buildings Archdeacon Gunther, who presided, submitted a sohomo for tho proper working of the Rest, and added that if the Bene- volent Society wore properly supported, it would be the means of allon»ting many cases of genuino distress during the winter and reduco street begging The fortnightly mooting of tho Articled Clerks' Association was held in its rooms, King-stroot on Thursday evening last Mr P D Kout, vice president, was in tho chair Tho busmoss of the evening was a disoussion on the Municipalities Acts Tho follow ing gontlomen took part in tho discusä-on -Messrs G W Ash, R B Parry, C W Halhday, W J M Enoroe, and A J Eolvnack The mooting closed with a vote of thanks to Mr Kent lu the Town Hall, Balmain, on Thursday night, Mr J Roseby, J P , lectured on tho forth- coming World's Pair at Chicago The leoturer gave an account of the progress of Chicago, and presented information as to its com- merce, _o Tno lecture w as given at tho wstanoe of the Now South Waloa Commission to tho Exhibition, for tho purpose of inducing oo-opora tion on the part of manufacturers and others with tho commission The fortnightly mooting of the Balmain Lodge No 15, M U , I O O F , took plaoo on Wednes- day last, Bro H Toello, N G, being in tho chair Siek pay was granted to li tuemborsof tho lodge who wera unable to follow their employ- ment, whilst four aged members were granted monoy from the superannuation fund Visitors attended from the Leichhardt and Pride of the West lodges Tho oflioers for tho ensuing half year wer. thon eleoted, the following being tho result -N G , Bro G roister V G , Bro S rieteher elective seorotary, Bro W Toollo The nowly-olooted offioers wore installed in an impressive manner by the installing master, Bro A Gow, J 1' Thauks being returned by the nowly- oleotod offioers, a vote of thanks to tho re- tiring officers was carried The fleoretary, Bro W Burt, announced the receipts of the ovoning to bo £139 5s Harmony concluded theovening, undor the presidency of Bro E Darnloy, ULA The monthly mooting of tho Womon's Chris- tian Tempéranos Union was held on Wednesday afternoon, m tho Temporáneo Hall In the absence of tho president Mrs Ardill oooupied the chair There was a fairly large attoudaneo Amongst tho corrospondeuco was a letter from the president dated Nowoastlo It dotoilod the work she is doing there It spoko of crow dod meotings and of hotel visitation Anangomonts wore made for taking advantage of tho permission to visit the Public schools und distributing tempér- ance oxumination papers Tho report on tho Easter Monday mission at Coogee stated that tea and coffee woroprovided hythe Women's Christian Temporáneo Union It further stated that a Gospel temporáneo meeting was hold outside tho tent, at whioh several earnest addresses wore dolivorod by ladies and gentlemen It was unanimously de oidod to change tho neighbourhood for tho next tent mission on Quoen'e Birthday Tho Tempor- áneo Evangelist's report was read, and tho moot- ing closed with the benediction At tho half-yearly meeting of tho Independent Froo Churoh, Granville, the Rev J Furlong pro sided The secretary's report shrwed progress and a good financial position The following offi- oers and oommittoo were elootod -Soerotary, Mr A Davidson , treasurer, Mr E Clay, sen , hall coramittoo, Messrs Epps and Wilby, and Mosdames Olav and Hawker, building committee, Messrs Phillips, Carrick, Clay, May, Hawker, and Epps. The Rev Joseph Spenoo, of Randwiok, delivered a leoturo in tho WeB.eynu Church, Bur- wood, on Monday evening last The subject waa "Atrip to Amenoa, and what I Baw " Mr Spence had boen elected representative from tho Now South Wales and Queensland Confrrenoo to tho Ecumenical Council lately held in Washington A L-OTU-n» ontitled "Amongst Cannibals m North Quponslttud ' ' was delivered last evening lu tho Holy Trinity sohoolroom, Argylo-street, by the Rev J B Gribble, FUGS, missionary to the aborigines of North Queensland The Primate ocoupiod the chair, and in int_o_uo!ng the looturer referred to the good work whioh was boing done among the Queensland aborigines, who wore being instruotod in religion Tho leoturo, whioh was illustrated by a number of lantern views, was interesting and instructive, and at ita conclusion a collection was made in aid of thoBellenden-Ker Mission Av alarm of fire was received at about half post 2 o'clock yesterday morning at tho Metro- politan Fire Brigado The outbreak was dis- covered in a tobacconist's shop, 88 Elizabeth street, near King-street, occupied by Mrs Leah Snider, and owned by Messrs HugheB and Hughes Tho contents, comprising tobacconist's stook, were damaged by fire and water The contents were insured in the Pheonix Insiu-anco Company, and the premises m the City Mutual Insurance Company Besides the M F B , the Paddington Brewery, Standard Brewery, and tho North. City Volunteers assisted in extinguishing the uro At 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon a fire was discovered at 601 Bourko-streot, Surry Hills, occupied by Austin Wallis as a private dwelling The outbreak occurred in a bedroom where some children were playing Whon discovered, the room was full of smoke, and tho ohildrcu, becoming frightened, had hidden under the bed An alarm was sent to tho M F B , but before it arrived the inmates hod extinguished the fire A -Bxveb named William Allison, aged 30, mot with a fatal accident yesterday While standing against a stack of timber he was run into by a waggon, which could not bo stopped, and before Allison realised tho danger tho polo between tho horses hal struck him in the stomach Ho was taken to the Sydney Hospital in an unconscious condition and remained so until ho died A 0 arte «tee named Matthew Mattcrson, aged 35 years, employed at Mr - S Lowo's, Merrylands, Parramatta, was found dead m bed on Thursday morning He was apparently in his usual state of health on the previous evening, when ho partook of a hearty toa During tho night ho was heard to breathe heavily, but hia breathing suddenly ceased, but no notice was taken of the fact A fellow- workman, who went to cyll him in the morning, found him dead At the request of Mr J E Bowden, the Parramatta District Coroner, Dr Bowman made a post-mortem examination, and arrived at the conclusion that doath was due to diseaso of the kidneys, whioh were very muoh ulcerated The lungs were also congested At the inquest the jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes The secretary to the Publio Works Committee in another column invites those who can give evidence before tho committee upon the proposed work at Barling Island to forward their names and addresses to him. In connection with tho " dolls and pincushion contest " ia aid of the Carrington Centennial Hos- pital, all entries cloie on Tuesday, 10th May. at the Sydney Safe Dooosit-buildmgs The judges of needlework will be Lady Manning, Lady Martin, Lady Windeyer, Mrs J E Fairfax, Lady Innes, and Lady Salomons, -he fair will be opened by Lady Jersey We are requested te call attention to an advertise- ment having reference to a grand celebration to- morrow in St Joseph's Church, Newtown, at which Cardinal Moran will preside Mb Tat-ob Middleton is announced to give an elocutionary recital at the YMCA Hall on Wed- nesday next j 