OS, i A FALSE POSITION. I BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "The Greab Mill-street Mystery,' " Jacobi'a Wife," " Under Falsa Pretences," "A Saint,1'" A LifeSenSeuco," "Daverils Diamond," &e.;, &o.; {Published by spenla! arrwij^rner.l- vrlvh lie author. All fight a reserved.] CUAITKJ: LI.-Tin? AVENCI.VU SEA. When Philip and Elfrida. arrived at Kester ton Park about seven o'clock in .the evening they were greeted with an unexpected piece of news. Neither Lady Kesterton nor little Gerald was in the house. "Have they gone on a visit somewhere, thensaid Philip of the housekeeper, whose mysterious face seemed to show that soinethihg was amiss. . sir, her ladyship has gone to a house ultVrn3^r':on v*Hage, so as to be near the sea." To |be near_ the sea-ab this time of the year said Elfrida, almost incredulously. The housekeeper coughed discreetly behind her mittened hand. " Step in here, Mrs. Bates," said Philip, turning aside from the hall and the listening servants to a small room whicli he had been in the habit of using as a little study, "and tell us what it all means?' "Pm sure I couldn't say, Mr. Philip," said the housekeeper in a confidential tone. It was only in moments of confidence that Mrs. Bates forgot herself so far as to call him "Mr. Philip," but the appellation had a homely, friendly sound in Philip's ears. "It seems," she went on in a lowered tone, "that she ha3 lately taken a great dislike to the Park, and has been wanting to get away from it ever since little Sir Gerald was ill in the autumn. She said she thought it was unhealthy with all the trees round it and that the drainage was not right, for Sir Gerald kej)ti on getting colds and sore throats, and she said that it was be cause the place wasn't bracing enough. And about a week ago she got into a dreadful taking because the little fellow-Sir Gerald, I mean, begging your pardon, sir - seemed poorly, and she said she would go down-to the sea for a few days and see what that would do for him." . '' But where has she gone " You know the little white villa with green shuttera called Sea View Lodge, don't you, sir ? It stands away from the village a little, close to the beach almost. It's been let fur nished once or twice in the summer to visitors." "Do you mean to say that she has gone there "Yes, sir, she has; and taken Sir Gerald and the maid-and that is all." "I have never been inside the house," said Elfrida; " what is it like Vs "Cold, draughty, badly built," said Philip shortly. "Not a suitable place to take a child to in winter time." "And some folks say-not very safe, sir," said Mrs. Bates in a significant tone. Philip stood silent for a moment, and Elfrida read in his face that he was struck by the suggestion. She thought of the situation of the house. It has already been mentioned that a portion of the land on which the village of Kesterton was built had been reclaimed from the sea by a former lord of the manor. The village stood in a gorge between two hill sides, and in old days it was well known that the sea used to creep up to the very end of this cliff in the hillside. An elaborate construction of dykes and earthworks now set a limit to the waves ; and these being now partially overgrown with grass and planted with trees the reason of their existence was partially forgotten. Of late they had fallen somewhat into disrepair, as_ Philip knew well; for he had many times tried to impress upon Sir Anthony's mind the necessity of keeping the breakwaters in good condition. _ But Sir Anthony had been hard to stir to action; and since his death, almost a year ago, nothing at all had been done by way of preservation. The older inhabitants of the village were in the habit of shaking their heads doubtfully when the safety of these construc tions was mentioned; and many of them had removed as far as possible from'the seaboard and planted their dwellings on the hillsides, where they felt themselves safe from the treacherous inroads of salt water. But the little white villa, of which the housekeeper spoke, stood close to the "sea-banks," as the earth works were generally, though somewhat vaguely, called. Even in summer visitors would sometimes shrink from inhabiting it if" the weather were bad. They said the waves that struck the banks seemed to make the house tremble to its foundations. For years it had been prognosticated everjr autumn that soaie coming tempest would level is with the ground, but nevertheless it still stood and was regularly let during the season to summer visitors. Its great advantage was its exceedingly healthy situation, and it was for this reason, as Philip eoajectuied, that Lady Kesterton had chosen to go thither, trusting to the previous mildness of the season to keep things safe. Besides, it was possible that she had never considered the dangers of the situation-long immunity from accident had bred a feeling of security in the minds of the Kesterton people. But Philip did not like to feel that Lady Kesterton was alcne at this place without proper warning, so after seeing that Elfrida was warmly housed and fed-for she was not very strong and he was anxious about her-he set off at once for Sea View Lodge, with the object of seeing Lady Kesterton himself. It was not until he got down into the gorge that he began to estimate the strength and fury of the wind that was sweeping up from the sea and howling throngh it as if it£were a funnel. The night was very dark and the great waves were dashing over the breakwater as if they spurned the petty obstacle. Philip met scarcely anyone on his walk. The one street of the village had been swept clear as it were; every human being, every animal had sought shelter. Once he came across a fallen tree, once a tile and part of a chimney crashed in the road behind him ; the elements seemed to be let loose and death and destruction were threatened to all who op posed their course. Every moment the wind roarer louder, and every moment the waves seemed to leap hi her and-more wildly. Philip could see their white heads like ghosts in the tempest gloom. He paused for an instant at the village inn and exchanged a word or two with the land lord, whose opinion as to the safety of Sea "V iew Lodge in a storm correspond with hi3 own. " It be a wild >visht kind of a place," he said, " no moor fit for a tempest than a house o' cardboard. My lady's London born-she doan't know; and in thick big house o' hern on the hill she'd no thought o' what the storms are like down here. You get her away Muster Philip and bring her and the little measter up here: we are safe enough and the walls are main an' thick." Philip walked quickly to the house, deter mining to persuade Lady Kesterton-if per suasion were allowed-to take this course. The well-built, substantial old inn had weathered a hundred storms: it stood with its back to a rocky side of the gorge and was as much sheltered as it could be. But the little white villa built for summer-time looked marvellously frail to him as he drew near. He could almost imagine that ho saw it shaking at every blast that blew. He had to knock twic8 and loudly before the door was opened. A very white,' scared looking maid-servant, in whom Philip recog nised a former nurse of the children, opened the door. "Oh, Mr. Winyates, sir! Oh, I am so glad you have come !" she gasped. "Why so, Mary2" Philip asked good humorecily, as he helped her to shut the front door-a task which the fury of the storm rendered a somewhat difficult one. "It is my belief, sir, that the house will be down about our ears before the night is out," said the girl excitedly; "and 1 can't get my lady to listen to a word-she says it's all nonsense." "I want to see Lady Kesterton," said Philip. "And, Mary, you may as well be putting some of her things together. I have come to take you all up to the Kesterton Arms." "Thank goodness for that," said Mary to herself, as she showed Philip into the little drawing-room where Lady Kesterton sat alono. Philip caught the words* and could not help smiling at the tone of heartfelt relief in which they were uttered, but his smile vanished when he caught sight of Lady Kesterton. She was sitting in a strange, crouching attitude close to the fire. There way a look of stony horror, a whiteness of^ the lips, which Philip was shocked to see. Was she alarmed by the storm? Ho could lieav the great waves thnndering on the breakwater close by and the wind surging up the valley, and he acknowledged that tlib sound was alarming. But Lad}*" Kesterton was not, ao far as he knew, a cowardly woman ; and, besides, if she were frightened why did she not remove her self and her child either to the inn or to Kesterton Park 'I " Good evening, Lady Kesterton," he began gravely. " 1 hope the* storm has not alarmed you." She raised herself a little and looked at him with a strange, blank gaze, as if_ she aid not see him at first. Presently the look of sight f.imo back into her eyes, aceompamcd with surprise and enquiry. " Philip !" she said. " Why are you here " I heard that you wore at this house and came down to warn you that it was not safe- " "What! all the way from London-for ihui ?' "No. there was another reason for my coming from London, but I will tell you of that to-rionow-or a little later to night. At pre sent I want to ursreyou to come with Gerald and your maid to the inn just for the night. I assure you tins house is not safe. It is in a very exposed situation, and I havo long been exreeting to hear that an accident had hap. pthtd to it. You r.mst come r-way at one?," j t: Cocoe.. ftvrsy ? Bui that) td. 1 I'nilip.":..-''; ' * . ; ",' ,k. " TVIiJ- impossible't It in hut a to the iiJtl, tthei* you will hi-. at leastWn T tivfclv 3afe; ai«1. io- mori'Dsv murnirig'-vW- 0 i'c mov« to the Park--:" .. ... 41 Ob, >«(?. no-r-iifvey to tUe i'ai-k,? never enter the house ago." . " As to that, we can talk the mat tor over to j morrow, but at present, Lady Keatertou, in « for to-night that 1 am anxious. Vou Qi'.i3fe leave this house at once. Listen to the wind - it gets stronger every minute. 1 have already told Mary to get your things ready. I wiii carry Gerald myself/" "It is for Gerald's sake I have cm.ie hsm. I don't see any reason for going away." "Not even when you hear the wind awl U:o sea V (To le continued.) 