TALES AND SKETCHES. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] Iff THE DATS OF THE MUTINY. A MILITARY NOVEL. HY G. A. HENTY. Author of " Tiio Curse of Carne's Hold," " A Hidden Foe," &c.; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] ClIAWKlt IX. Doctor Wade wan sitting in the verandah, smoking and reading an English paper that had arrived hy that morning's mail, when Isobel returned. "Good morning, Doctor, is uncle back !" " Not yet He told me he might be half an-hour late and that I was to conic round and amuse you until he came back." " So in my absence you have been amusing yourself, Doctor. I have been round at Mrs. Hunter's, she ÍB going to have a juggler there this evening, and we are all to gu." " Yes, I got a chit from her this morning. I have seen scores of them, but I make a point of never missing an exhibition when I get tho chance. I hate anything I don't understand, and 1 go with tho faint hope of being able to rind things out, though I know perfectly well that I ehall not do so." " Then you think it is not ull quite natural, Doctor." " I don't say it is not natural, because we don't know what all the natural laws are, but I say that some of the things I have seen certainly ore not to be accounted for by any- thing we d 3 know. It is not often that the jugglors show their best tricks to the whites, they know that, os a rule, we are altogether sceptical, but I have seen ut native courts more than once the most astounding things ; things absolutely incomprehensible and inexplicable. I don't suppose we are going to see anything of that sort to-night, though Mn. «Hunter said in her note that they had heard from the native servant that this man was a famous ono. " There is a sect of people in India, I don't mean a caste, but a sort of secret society, who, I believe, claim to bo able by some sort of influence to suspend altogether tho laws of nature. I do not eay that I believe them ; as a scientific man, it is my duly not to believe them, but I have seen such things done by some of the higher-class of jugglers, and that under circumstances that did not seem to admit of the possibility of deception, that I am obliged to suspend roy judgment, which, as you may imagine, my dear, is exceedingly annoying to me ; but some of them do possess to a considerable extent what the Scotch call second eight, that is to say, thc power of fore- seeing certain events in thc future.' Of that I am morally certain, I have seen proofs of it over and over again. "For example, once an old fakir whom I had cured of a badly ulcerated limb, came up just as I was starting on a shooting expedition. '"Do not go out to-day,' he said. 'I foresee evil for you. I Baw you last night brought back badly wounded.' " ' But if I don't go your dream will come wrong,' I said. " He shook his head. "'You will go iu Bpiteof what I say,' he said, ' and you will sutler and others too,' and he looked at a group of shikaris who were standing together, ready to make a start. " ' How many men arc there,' he said. "'Why six of course,'I replied. " ' I see only three,' he said, aud three dull spots. One of those I see is holding bis match- lock on his shoulder, another is examining his priming, the third is sitting down by the fire, whose three will come back at the eud of thc day, the other three will not return alive.' *' I felt rather uncomfortable, but I wasn't as I sajd to myself-I was a good deal younger then, my dear--such a fool as to be deterred from what promised to be a good day's sport by such nonsense as this-and I went. " We were going after a rogue elephant that had been doing a lot of damage among the natives' plantations. We fouud him, and a savage brute he turned out to ho. He moved just as I fired, and though I hit bim it was not on the fatal spot, and he charged right down among us. He caught the very three men the fakir said were doomed and dashed the life out of them ; then he came at me. The bearer had run off with my second gun, and he seized me aud flung me up in the air. " I fell in a tree, but broke three of my ribs and one of my arms ; fortunately, though the beast tried to get-at mc, I was out of his reach, and the tree was too strong for him to knock down. Then another mau who was with mo came up and killed him, aud they got me down and carried mc back, and I was weeks before I was about again. That was something more than a coincidence I think. There were some twenty men out with us, and-just the four he had pointed out wore hurt and no others. " I have seen scores of other cases in which these predictions havo come true, especially in cases of disease ; though I grant that here the predictions often bring about their own ful- filment. If a native is told by a fakir or holy man that he is going to die he makes no struggle to live. Ja several cases I have seen natives whose deaths have been predicted die without, aa .far os my science could tell me, any disease or ailment whatever that should have been fatal to them. They simply Bank died I .should say from pure fright. But putting aside this class, I have socn enough to couvince me that some ut least among these fanatics do possess thc power of second sight." "That is very extraordinary, Doctor; of course, I have heard of Becond sight among certain old people in Scotland, but I did not lielieve in it." "I should not have believed in it if I had not seen the same thing here in India. I naturally have been interested iu it and have read pretty well everything that bas been written about second sight among the High- landers, and some of the incidents ere so well authenticated that I scarcely Bec how they can be denied. Of course, there is no account- ing for it, but it is possible that among what wc may call primitive peoplo there arc certain intuitions or instincts, call them what you like, that havo been lost by civilised people. " The power of scent in a dog is something so vastly beyond anything we eau . even imagine possible, that though we put it down to instinct it is really almost inexplicable. Take thc case that dogs have been known to have been taken railway journeys of many hundred miles and to havo found their way home again on foot.. There is clearly thc fiosscssion of a power which is to us abso utely unaccountable. " But here comes your uncle, he will think I have been preaching a Bcrinou to you if yon look so grave." But Major Hannay was too occupied with Iiis own thoughts to notice Isobel. "Hus anything gone wrong,'Major?" the Doctor asked us ho saw his ince. " I have juBtlenfnl," the Mujm said, " that same more chupatics were brought luBt night. It is most annoying. I have questioned several of the native oflicers and they profess to have no idea whence they came or .what is thc menning of them. I wish wc could get to thc bottom nf thia thing, it keeps thc troops in a ferment. If 1 could get hold of one of tlieBC messengers I would get out of him all he knew, even if I had to roost him to make him tell.'' " My dear uncle," Isobel said, reprovingly, " I am sure you don't mean what you say." " I don't know," ho said, half laughing, " I should certainly consider myself perfectly justified in taking uncommonly strong steps to try to get to the bottom of this business. Thc thing is going on all over India and it must mean something, mid it is all thc worse if taken in connection with this absurd iden nbout tlic greased cartridges. I grant that it was an uct of folly greasing them at all, when wo kuow the idiotic prejudices the natives have, still it could hardly have been forsecu lliat this stir would have been made. Tho iBiue of the cartridges has beeu stopped, but I when tko nativos once «et on idea into thoir mintls it is next to impossible to disabuse them of it. It is u tiresome business altogether." " Ti (Ten ready, sahib," Rumzan interrupted, coming out on to tho verandah. " That is right, Rumzan. Now, Isobel, let us think of more pleasant subjects." ' " Wu are to go into tho Hunters this even- ing, nnclc," Isobel said, as she sat down. " There ÍB going to be a famous juggler there. There is a note for you from Mrs. Huuter on thc mantel." " Very well, my dear ; some of these fellows aVc well worth eeeintr. Bathurst ÍB coming in to dinner. I saw him as .he was starting this morning, just as he wus going down to thc lines, and he accepted. He said he should he able to get back in time. However, I don't suppose ho will mind going round with us. I hope you wilt come, Doctor, to make up the table. I have asked the two boys to come in." " I shall have to become a permanent hoarder at your establishment, Major. It is really useless my keeping a cook when I am in hero nearly half my time. But I will come. I am off for three days to-morrow. A villager came in this morning to beg mc tb Î;o out to rid them of a tiger that has estah ¡shed himself in their neighbourhood, and that is an invitation that I never refuse il I can possibly manage to make time for it. Fortunately cveryono is so healthy here at present, that I can bc very well spared." At dinner thc subject of juggling came up again, and the two subalterns expressed their opinion strongly that it was all humbug. "Doctor Wade believes in it, Mr. Wilson," Isobel said. j " You don't say so, Doctor ¡' I should have thought you were thc last sort of mau who i would have believed in conjurors." \ " It requires a wisc mau to believe, Wilson," tho Doctor said ; " any fool can scoff, the wiso man questions. When you have been here as long as I have, end if you ever get as much sense as I have, which is doubtful, you may.be less positive in your ideas, if you can call them ideas." "That is one for me," Wilson reid, good humouredly, while, thc others laughed. " Well, I have never seen them, Doctor, except those fellows who come round to tho verandah, and I have seen conjurors at home do ever so much better tricks thau they do." " What do yon, think of them, Mr. Bathurst?" Isobel asked. "I suppose you have seen some of the better sort.?" "I do not know what to think of them, Miss Hannay. I used to be rather of Wilson's opinion, but I have seen things since that I could not account for at all. There was a man here two or three months hack who astounded me." " Mrs Hunter said that the girls had had no opportunity of seeing a good conjuror since they came out, Mr. Bathurst. I suppose they did not know this man you are speaking of being here I" " He was only here for a few hours., MÍBS Hannay. I had happened to meet him before, and lie gave me a private performance, which was quite different to anything I have ever seen, though I had often heard of the feats he had performed. I was so impressed with them that I can assure yon that for a few days I had great difficulty in keeping my mind uPon my work." " What did he do, Mr. Bathurst ?" Bathurst related thefeatof the disappearing girl. " She must have jumped down when yon were not looking," Richards said, with au air of conviction. " Possibly," Bathurst replied, quietly. " But ss I was within three or four yards ol thc pole, and it was perfectly distinct in the light of my lamp, and as I certainly saw her till she was some thirty or forty feet up in the air, I don't see how she can have managed it For even supposing abe could have sprung down that distance without being hurt she would not have come down so noiselessly that I Bhould not have heard her." "Still, if she did not come down that way how could she have come !" Wilson said. " That is exactly what I can't make ont," Bathurst replied. "If it should happen to be th? same man and he will do the same thing again I fancy you will be al much puzzled as I was." After dinner was over tho party walked across to Mr. Hunter's bungalow, where in a short time the other officers, their wives, and nil the other residents at the station, were assembled. Chairs were placed in the veran- dah for the ladies, and a number of lamps hung on the wall, eo that a strong light was thrown upon the ground in front ot it ; in addition, four posts had been driven into the ground some twenty feet from the verandah, and lamps had been fastened upon them. "I don't know whether the juggler will like that," Mr. Hunter said, "and Iahau't light them if he objects. I don't think myself lt 48 quite fair having a light behind him ; still, if he ogrees, it will be hardly possible for him to make the slightest movement with- out being seen." Thc juggler, who was sitting round at the otherside of the house, was now called up, he and the girl who followed him salaamed deeply, and made an even deeper how tb Bathurst, who was standing behind Isobel's chair. " You must have paid them well, Bathurst," Major Hunnay said. " They have evidently a lively remembrance of past favours. I suppose they are tho same you were talking about !" " Yes, they aro the same peop'e, Major." Then ho said, in tho native dialect to the juggler, "Mr. Hunter has nut some posts with lamps behind you, Rujub, but he hasn't lit them because he did not know whether you would object." " They can be lighted, sahib. My feats do not depend on darkness. Any of the sahibs who like to stand behind us can do so if they do not come within the line of those posts." " L>t us go out there," Wilson said to Richards when the anster was translated; " wc will light the lamps ; and we shall eec bettor there than we shall here." Thc two went round to the other side and lit the lamps, and the servants stood a short distance off on either side. The first trick Bkown was tho well-known mango trick. Tho juggler placed a seed in the ground, poured some water upon it from a lota, and covered it with a cloth. In two or three minutes he lifted this, and a plant four or five inches high was seen. He covered this with a tull basket, which he first handed round for inspection. On romoving this a mango tree some three feet high, in full bloom, was seen. It was again covered, nnd when thc basket was removed it wus seen lo bo covered with ripe fruit, eliciting ex- clamations of astonishment from those among tho spectators who had not before seen thc trick performed. "Now, Wilson," theDnctor said, "perhaps you will bc kind enough to explain to us >iU how this was done V" " I have uo more idoa than Adam, Doctor." " Then wo will leave it to Richards. He promised us at dinner to keep his eyes well open. " Richards made no reply. " How wus lt done. Mr. Bathurst ! It seems almost like a miracle." "I am as ignorant us Wilson is, Miss Hammy. I can't account for it iu any way, and I have seen itdone u score nf times. Ah ! now he is going to do the basket trick. Don't bo alarmed when you hear the girl cry out, You moy bc quite sure that she is not hurt. Tho futhcr is deeply attached to her, and would not hurt a huir of her head." Aguin the usual methods wcro adopted. Tho buskct was plnccd on tho ground nnd thu girl stepped into it, without tue pretence of fear usually exhibilod by thc performers. Before the trick began, Major Hannay suid to Captain Doolan: "Come round with me to thc side of those boys. I know thc first time I saw it done I waa nearly throwing myself on thc juggler, anil Wilson is a hot- headed boy, aud is likely us not to do so. If he did thc man would probably yo off in a huff and show us nothing more. Froin wiiut Bathurst said'we aro likely tosco something unusual." AB soon as thc Iii wns put down, un apparently angry colloquy took place bctwoen the juggler and tho girl inside. Presently tho man uppeared to become enraged, and snatch- ing ups long, straight sword from tho around, ran it three or four times through the basket. A loud shriek followed tho first thrust, and then all was silent. Some of thc ladies roso to their feet with a cry of horror, Isobel among them. Wilson and Richards both started to rush forward, but were seized by the collars by tho Major and Captain Doolan. "Will you open tho basket !" thc juggler i said quietly to Mrs. Hunter. As sho hud seen tlie trick before she stepped forward "without hesitation, opened the lill of thc basket, and said, " It is empty." Tho juggler took it aud held it up, bottom upwards. "What on earth has become of thc girl?" Wilson exclaimed. AB he spoke sho passed between him and Richards back to lier father's side. " Well, I am dashed," Wilson murmured. "I would not have believed it if fifty people had sworn to me they had seen it." He was too much confounded even to reply when the Doctor sarcastically said " We are wuitiug for your explanation, gentlemen. .Will you ask him, Major," Richards said, as he wiped his forehead with his pocket-handkerchief, " to make sure that she is solid ?" The Major translated thc request, und the girl ut onco cunio across, und Ricliuras touched her with evident doubt us to whether »he was really flesh and blood. There was much curiosity among those who had seen jugglers before as to what would bc the next feat, for generally those- just seen were the closing ones of a performance, but as llicse wcro the first it seemed that those to follow must bu extraordinary indeed. The next feat was tho one shown to Bathurst and was performed exactly as upon that occasion, except that as the girl rose beyond the circle of light she remained distinctly visible, a sort of phosphoric light playing around her. Those iu tuc verandah had come out now, the juggler warning them not to approach within six feet of thc pole. Higher and higher tho girl went until thoso below judged her to be at least a hundn d and-fifty feet from thc ground. Then the light died out and she disappeared from their sight. There was silence for a minute or two, aud then thc end of thc pole could be seen descending without her. Another minute and it was reduced to the length it had been at starting. The spectators were silent now, the whole thing was so strange and mysterious that they had no words to express their feeling. The juggler said something which Mr. Hunter translated to bc a rcquert for all to resume their places. " That is a wonderful trick," the Doctor said to Bathurst. " I have never seen it done that way before, but I once saw a juggler throw up a rope into the air, how high it went I don't know, for, like this, it was done at uight, but it stood up perfectly stiff and the juggler's attendant climbed up. He went higher and higher aud wc could hear his voice coining dou n to us. At last it Btopped and then suddenly the rope fell in coils on the ground-aud the boy walked quietly in just as that girl lias done now. " Thc girl now placed herself in the centre of the open space. " You will please not to speak while this trick is being performed," the juggler said : " harm might como of it. Watch lue ground near her feet." A minute later a dark object made its appearance from tho ground. It rose higher and higher with an uudulatii-g movement. "By Jove, it is a python," tho Doctor whispered in Bathnrst's ear. A similar ex- clamation broke from several of the others, but the juggler waved his hand with an authoritative hush. Thc Bnake roso until ita head towered above that of thc girl, and then began to twine itself round her, continuously rising from the ground until it enveloped her with tivo coils each thicker than a man's arm. It raised its head above hers and hissed loudly and angrily ; then its tail begun to descend, gradually tho coila unwound themselves lower and lower it descended until it dis- appeared altogether. It was sometime betöre anyone spoke, so great was the feeling of wonder, The Doctor was the first to break the silence. " I have never seen that before," lie said, "though I have heard of it from a native Rajah/' " Would thc sahibs liko to see more ?" the juggler asked. The two Miss Hunters, Mrs. Rintoul aud several of thc others said "they had seen enough," hut among thc men there was a general wish to seo another, feat. " I would not have missed this for any- thing," the Doctor said "It would be simple madness to throw away such a chance." Thc ladies therefore, with the exception of Mrs. Hunter, Mrs. Doolan and Isobel, retired into the honsc. " You must all go on one side now," the juggler said? " for it is only on one side what I am now going to do can be seen." He then proceeded to light a fire of charcoal, when he had done this, he said, "thc lights must now be extinguished and the curtains drawn, so that the Ught will not stream out from the .house." As soon os this was done he poured a powder over tlie fire, and by its faint light the cloud of white smoke could be seen. " Now I will show you the past," he said, "whospeaks." . There wus BÍlencc, and then Doctor Wade said, " Show me iny past." A faint light stole up over thc smoke, it grew brighter and brighter, and then a picture was clearly seen upon iL It was tho sea, a house standing by itself in a garden und separated from thc water only by e. road. Presently the figure of a girl appeared at the gate, and slipping out looked down the road aa if waitiug far some one. They could make out all the details of her dress and see her features distinctly. A low exclamation broke from tho Doctor, then thc picture gradually faded away. "Thc future," the juggler «aid, and gradu- ally an Indian scene nppeared ou thc smoke. It was a lang, straight road, bordered by u jungle. A native was seen approaching ; lie paused in the foreground. "That is you, Doctor," Mr. Hunter ex- claimed, "you are got up as a native, but it's you." Almost st the same moment two figures caine out from thc jungle, they were ulso iu native dress. " Yon and Miss Hannay," the Doctor said in a low tone to Bathurst, " dressed like natives and dyed." But no one else detected the disguises, and the picture again faded uway. " That is enough, Rujnb," Bathurst said, for bc felt Isobel lean hack heavily against thc hand which he held at thc back of her chuir, aud felt sure that she had fainted. " Drnw hack thu curtains, someone, I fancy this him been too much for Miss Hannay." Tho curtains were thrown back, and Mrs. Hunter running in, brought out a lump. Tho Doctor had already taken his place hy Isobel's side. " Yes, she luis fainted," he said to Br.thurat, "carry her in her chair us elie issn that she may bc in tho room when she comes to." This was done. " Now, gentlemen,' thc Doctor said, " you had better light thc lamps agr.in out herc, and leave the ladies und me to get Miss Hannay round." When tho lamps « ero lit it could bo aeon that tho whole of the men were ii good deal shaken by what they had seen." " Well," Mr. Hunter said, " they told me he was a famous juggler, but that heat any- thing I have seen before. I have heard of such things treijiienlly from natives, bm it is very seldom that Europeans get u chance of seeing them." "I don't want tosco anything of thc sort again," Mnjor Hammy said, " it shakes one's notions of things in general. I fancy. Hunter, that we shall want » strong poe all round to steady our nerves. I own that I feel us shaky KB a boy who thinks he sees a ghost on I way through a churchyard." I There was a general murmur pf agreomon and thc materials were quickly brought. " Well, Wilson, what do you and Richart think of it?" the Major went on after bc hu braced himself up with a strong glass < brandy and water, "I should imagine ye both feel a little less sceptical thou you di two hours ago." "I don't know what Richards feels, Majo; but I know I feel like a fool. I am som Bathurst, for what I said at dinner, but I really didn't seem to mc to bc possible whs you told us about thc girl going up into th air, und not coining down again. Well, aftc I have seen what I have scon this evening won't disbelieve anything I hear in futur about theBe natives. "It was natural enough that yon should b incredulous," Bathurst "aid. "I should hav been just BB incredulous ns you were when first came out, and I have been astonish^ now, though I have seen some good juggler before." At this moment thc Doctor came ont again " Miss Hannay is all right again now Major. lam not surprised nt her fainting old hand as I am at these matters, und I til i ul that I have seen us much, or moro juaglini than any man in India, I felt very qiicc myself, specially at thc snake business. As said, I have seen that ascension trick before but how it is done I have no more idea than i child. Those smoke scenes, too, are astonish inp. Of course they could be accounted fo as thrown upon a column of white smoke by i imigic lantern, hut there was certainly m magic lantern herc, the juggler was stand inj close to me, and thc girl was sitting at hi feet. I watched them both closely, and cer tainly they hail no apparatus about them bi which such views could be thrown on th smoke.'.' " You recognised the first scene, I suppose Doctor?" Bathurst asked. "Perfectly. It took me back twcnty-fivi years. It was a cottage near Sidmouth, an< was correct in every minute detail. Th< figure was thkt of the youug lady I marriei four years afterwards. Many II time have ' seen her standing just like thut asl went alon) thc road to meet her from the little inn a which 1 WSB stopping ; the very pattern of he dress, which I need hardly say has never heel in my mind all these years, was recalled 1< me. " Had I been thinking of the scene at thi time I could have accounted for it somehow upon the theory that in some way or othei thc juggler was conscious of my thought one reflected it upon thc smoko-how, I don't al all mean to say ;-but, undoubtedly, then exists to some extent thc power of thought reading. It is a mysterious subject, and om of which we know absolutely nothing al present, but may bc in upwards of a hundred years mankind may huvc discovered man) secrets of nature in that direction. " But I certainly was not thinking of that scene when I spoke and said ' the past.' 1 had no doubt that he would show me some thing of the past, but certainly no particulai incident parsed through my mind before that picture appeared on the smoke." "Tho other was almost as curious, Doctor,' Curtain Doolan said, "for it waa,certainly you masquerading us a native. I believe thc other «ras Bathurst : it struck me so ; and he seemed to be running off with some native girl. What on earth could that all mean 1" " It is no use purding ourselves abous it," the Doctor said. " It mayorinay notcuinelrnc. I have no inclination to go about dressed out a» a native at present, but there is no saying what I may come to. There is quite enough for us to wonder at in the other things. The mango and basket tricks I bavo seen a dozen times, aud am no nearer now than I was at first to understanding them. That ascension trick bents mo altogether, and there was something horribly uncanny about the snake, " " Do yon think it was a real snake, Doctor ?" " That. I cannot tell you, Richards. Every movement was porfectly natural. I could soe the working of, the ribs os it wound itself round the girl and the quivering of its tongue as it raised its head above her. At any other time I should be ready to take my affidavit that it was a python of an unusual size, but at the present moment I should not like to give a decided opinion about anything connected with the performance." "Isuppose ¡tis no use asking thc juggler any questions, Hunter?" one of tile other men said. "Not in the least; they nover do answer questions. The higher class of jugglers treat their art as a sort of religious mystery, and there is no instance known of their opening their lips, although large sums have frequently been offered them. lu the present case you will certainly ask no questions, for the man and girl have both disappeared with thc box and apparatus and everything connected with them. They must have s'ipped off directly Uie la-t trick was over, and before we hud tile lamp lighted. I sent after him at once, but tho servant could find no signs of him. I am annoyed because I have not paid them." "I am not surprised at that," Dr. Wade said. " It is quite in accordance with what I have heard of them. They live by exhibiting what you may call their ordinary tricks ; bnt 1 have beard from natives that when they show any what I may call supernatural feat« they do not take money. It is done fo oblige some powerful Rajah, and, as I have said, it is only on u very few occasions that Europeans have ever seen thom. Well, wc may as well go in to thc ladies. I don't fancy any of thom would be inclined to come out on to thc verandah again this cveuing." No one wns indeed inclined even for talk, and in a very short time the party broke up and returned home. ( To be continued. J 