1 TALES' AND SKETCHES \% l)I<0P OK BLOOD. ! Afv Hlmnit>ormni'(l nttho Tfotol, jSHHl'tioratigli, «-ns n nice, mothorly, ;i1lii|illi1-ngi)il woman. X liko motliorly, r rtl i/t'lltvn jnrl women for chnmbcrmniila. il'tiiij- know tlioir bupincn» hotter, nml itliej' rtiiHwer tho hell quicker thnn VoiUlf, flighty chambermaids. And llioy aro not so fond of rending tho ilettiirs yon lenvo about you, and prying iilt'o yqur private affairs. Such a chambermaid wns " Agnes," rViio'a-fow yeni-s ago, whon for somo live days f had to keep my room at tho — — Ho to I , Scarborough, showed mo thogreatcstkindness andconsidorntion, guvo mo my medicino and, liko a good, kirtd-hoarfed woman, ondoavoured to elieof rtio up and annuo mo whonover alio Cailio in to tidy up tho room or to soo how t was getting on or to inquire if f wanted anything, j ft was ono morning while sho was dusting- 1113 room that sho told mo the jstoiy; which I am about to relate. I llitld beort (not entirely without a view tir Copy) asking her questions as to her (experiences as a chambermaid, and, after telling mo ono or two incidonts in ;Hor professional caroor, sho informed into that tho most curious oxperionco jslio had ovor hnd in hor lifo wns whilo alio was a chambermaid atono cf tho ibiiyfortdon iiutola muchfronuonted by pcoiilq on tlioir way to tho Continont. 'f vo aeon people arrested thoro," said Agues, "nice, quiet people, that lyait' would novor have snspocted of jattytliirtg-wrong, and I'vo seen run- jaway couples stopped just as thoy 'wore coating downstairs to go off by jtlic Continental mail. Thoro's always something or othor happoning in a big iirtt'ol,- hut of all tho extraordinary affairs flint ovor enmo ttndor my notico itlio most t'orriblo was ono that happened j almost a year boforo 1 loft. I was tho l head' cliamhormaid on tho third floor | then;- arid had, of conrso, to look gonc- rtlliy after all tho rooms and see that everything wns right. Ono day wo received a lottor from tho country itrd'oriiig a suito of rooms to bo ro- j served for a nowly-mnrriod couplo on : a'-corfain date,- M "fflid hrido and bridogroont woro i eomiitgiip to fstndon on thoir way to spotld tlioir honoymoon abroad, and ; they' wottkl bronif tho journey at our Iirtt'ol,- going on by tho Continental tVfli'rt:noxtday. " Tho hou80keeper came up to mo With) the letter and gave mo instruc- firtris fo gota suite on my floor ready rfrtd- t<v soo that everything was in proper order. Tho bridegroom bad jHeetfm constant visitor at ths hotel in Ilia bachelor days, and tho manager was; anxious that evorj thing should lie' madia as comfortable for him and tl'to yourtg lady as possible. " As spoil as I had received my ; ardors f began to exocuto thorn, and 1 liad'tlio rooms thoroughly turned out, -aitd'-ovorythingdustoaand rearranged. Spilt clean curtains at the windows, and1,- womanlike, always fooling in terested' id bridals and honeymoons, I itoolt extra pains to make tho rooms -fecit clioorful and protty, and I think S succeeded. "'Tlie following ovoning, abontnn liotlt' lioforo the youug couplo wero to arrive; f wont in and gavo a lost look around tc see that everything wns i right and just wont ovor tho mantel piece mysolf with a duster and gavo tho fltraituro a flick hero and thoro whore tlte dust, that no poworon earth jcrtrt'tteop outof aiLondon room, had i settled down again. "'Satisfied tlint ovorythjng was in perfect order, I closod tho door and wont tO givo some Instructions to ono of the girlit about lighting a firoina roortvattho ond of tho corridor which was always a fearful nuisance to us Wlteii n flro was wanted in it. "'The girl,- whoso business it was fc light tho flro, passed mo in tho corridor;- . "'Oh" fsnld to hor, ' I was coming tivsooy-ou' about Jfo. 03. Do sure to have tho window opon and tho door oport'wlion you light tho flro.' "U f'yo got 'em opon,' sho said, ''huttlio wind's tho wrong wsy or ' somothiitur, and tho flro' won't light at : alii'' ' Cli, npnsonso,' I said, ' I'll come ; aad' see to- it.' i "'Wo wont hack together and into i tile room.- Thogontlemnn who'd tnkon itwas already thoro. Ho was standing with; his hands in his pockets looking at tho firoplneo, and ho scorned tho pldt'iiro of ntisory. "'''Titor vonog follow !' I said to myself, '.lie looks ill and unhappy and want's clifloringup. This is not tho sort of room to makohim fool at home anyway".- " ' If you could do without a flro, sir;' f snid,-' it would ho bottor. Wo always havo a troublo with this fire place.- t am sorry to say it smokes.' "''f must havo a flro,' said tho young gentleman, 'If I can't havo one hero give mo another room.' "' ' fin afraid wo'ro full up, sir,' I said1,- ' hut I'll go nnd soo what can bo done if you don't niiqd wnitingalittlo.' " £ really wns sorry for tho Jioor young gpntloman, ho looked so utterly Wi'ot'ehed, nnd 1 couldn't boar to think of- him- ill,- as hp ovidontly was, shut up1 in; tliat dreadful No. 03, half suffo cated' all night. Thoro's nothing I think makes ono fool so miaornblo as a:ropm full of smoko, especially whon yOU'ro away from homo nnd nlono. /''fcMvingtho girl to struggle with flic flro, I wont downstairs to tho liotisokcopor's room to soo if thoro was a> clianco of putting tho young gcntlc- rttan any wlicro olsc, if it was only for tlip'rtight.-. As luck would havo it, a tOfegr.im bad just boon rccoivcd from a geittl'emart who wns to havocomo from SCOtlilrtd that night. Ho had missed Itis train: and wouldn't ho in Tendon fiil-tlio following evening. Tho room reserved' for hint was on tho fourth floor;- Immediately over tho sitting; roortt off the third floor, which wo wero 'hooping for the powly-marriod pair. "Having obtamod pormissiou, I wont back to tlin young gontloman in No. G3 and told him that it ho did not mind wo could givo liim a room on tho fourth floor, No. 217, whoro ho could hnvo a lire und ho coinfortablo. I oxplnined to him, howovor, that it would hnvo to ho moved on tho follow ing day if ho intoudcil staying on. " 'Thank you very much,' ho said, 'that will do very well. I shall uot wnnt tho room uftor to-morrow.' " I called ono of tho porters mid told him to tnko tho goutlomnn's port manteau up to 217, andthou I wont to tho chnmbormaid for tho fourth floor, nnd askodlior togotafiro lighted at nnco. " Whenlcnmo downstairs tho nowly- marricd couplo hnd just arrivod, and- woro being shown to tlioir rooms. " I took in tho warm wator inysolf, and had an opportunity of scoing tho young lady. Hho wns very protty, I thought, and sho looked quito a picturo iu hor lovely travelling dross. " Tho bridegroom was a tall, liand- somo gontloman, but much oldor than the young lndy. I'd soon him sovornl times at tho hotel, and so, of courso, I know him. I should say ho was about -to, nnd sho couldn't havo boon mora that 19. It was about 7 o'clock whon thoy enmo nnd thoy ordorod din ner for 8 o'clook. Of course it was known among nil tho sorvants on tho flnnr (tint tlmv wnwi n nnwl v.mnrvinfl couplo. It would havo boon oven if wo hadn't boon told boforo-hnnd. " Of courso I had no opportunity of seeing tho brldo aud bridegroom ngaiu for somo tiino. But tho mttingrooni waitor told us thoy scorned nico pcoplo and tho young lady was full of spirits. 11 X went downstairs to suppor at 10 o'clock, and was back on duty again at 1030\. I had ono or two things to soo to, and whon I had finished I sat down to do a littlo ncodlo«\vork. "It must havo boon noarly 11 o'clock whon a boll rang violontly, Tho waitor for tho iloor had gono down stairs for his sui)por, sol wont into tho scrvicoroom nnd saw that it wns tho sittingroom boll of tho brido and bridegroom. Whilo I was looking nt tho indicator tho boll rang again, this timo moro violontly still. I ran along tho corridor to tlio room and knocked at tho door. " ' Come in — como in,' cried a man's voico ; nnd I wont in, and thoro I saw the poor young brido in a chair nnd hor husband bonding over hor. 8ome water, quick ! ' ho cried j ' sho's fainted.' " x r«u juvw vuu uuuiuumuuu uiuuffub somo wator and a towol and bathed hor faco. ,MIs anything tho mattor, sir?' I said. " ' Yes,' ho oxclaimcd ; 4 it's torriblo. I wouldn't havb had such a thing hap- pou for tho world. Look I (lou t you > soo ?" 44 IIo pointed to hor hands whoro . thoy lay quito helpless in her lap. 44 On ono hand— tho hand that woro tho wedding ring— was a big, bright drop of blood. It had fallen right on tho wedding ring, and stained her hand as well. 44 4 Oh, doar !' I cried, fooling quito faint mysolf, 4 what is it?' 14 I don't know,' ho said. 4 1 can't understand it. It's tho most awful thing I ever know in my life.' 44 Ho soomed quito torrifiod himself, and cortainly it was a dreadful thing, especially to anybody who was at uil superstitious or who bolioved in onions. 4 1 took tho towol aud dipped it in tho water and wiped tho bloodstuin from tho poor young lady's hand. I'rcsontly sho oponoa hor oyos nnd looked about hor. 44 4 Aro you bottor, my darling?" hor husband said, stooping ovor hor nnd touching hor forohoau with his lips. 44 4 Yes, I'm bottor, doar,' who said ; 4 but it was so dreadful ! Oh ! wliut docs it mean, what docs it mean ?' "8ho glanced down nt hor hand with a look of horror in hor oyos, and whoa sho saw that tho blood had boon romoved sho gavo a deep sigh of roliof. " Seeing sho was a littlo bottor I fot up off my knocs — I had boon nooling bosido hor — aud 1 wont back into tho bedroom with tho wator. 44 1 was a littlo bit dazed mysolf, for I couldn't understand how that drop of bright, red blood could liave got on tho poor dear's hand. 44 1 was just putting tho tumblor down on tho wasustand when I hoard a snnoK irom tuo oriuo, louoweu ny a cry from tho bridogroont. I ran back into tho sittingroom, and thoro I saw thom both standing with terrified faces. "Thoy could'ut speak, but tho bridegroom pointed to his wife's hand. 44 It was stained with blood again. It has dropped upon hor hand— this moment 1' criod tho gontloman, 4 1 saw it, I saw it — with iny own oyes.' " 4 Uroppod !' I oxchiitncd, 4 whoro, whoro from V ' I saw tho gontloman look tip at tho coiling, my oyos followod his, and then I felt as if I should go through tho floor. On tho coiling abovo was u dark, moist patch, and slowly dripping from it woro drops of blood. 4,4 1 can't stop horo,' wailed tho poor young brido. 4 Tako mo away, toko mo away.' 44 4 Sly dear young lady,' I said, trying to sootho hor, 4 don't bo frightoncd, nothing can hurt you horo.' 44 1 don't know why I said it, but I folt I must say something. "Tho gentloman's faco was vory palo, and I could soo ho was tromb- ling. Ho was torribly upaot, and who could wonder at it ? 44 1 think bo guessed that something awful had happened up abovo. I die, and it had como upon mo all at onco who was in that room. It was tho > young gontloman who had looked so , ill and miserable, and who had wanted a firo in 03. 4,4 Tako hor in tho uoxt mom, sir,' I whisnorcd, 4 sho won't soo it thoro, nnd I'll go and find out whnt it moans.' « Xo— no,' sho criod, 4 1 can't — I won't stay horo. Oh, it is too horrihlo, nnd on my wedding day— on my wed ding day. " Sho wrung her hands nml thon put thom ovor Tior fuco. 44 Aud thoro on hor haud— tho hand with tho wedding-ring — wns still that turriblu bloodstain. "I could not stand itnnylongor. I folt as if I should go off mysolf, so I mudo a despcrnto offort nnu got out of tho room and ran downstairs to tho munngor. " 4 gomothing dreadful's happened, sir, and it's in Xo. 217. Ploaso go at oucc. Thoro's blood dripping through tho coiling of Ko. 13.' 44 4 Good heavens !' oxclniincd tho maungor. 4 Whnt do you moan?' 44 Ilo was at suppor whoa I told him, nnd ho started up quito horrifiod. " 4 Plcaso como at onco, sir. Tho poor young lady's soon it, and sho's iu a torriblo wny.' 44 Tho manager wont up tho stairs at ouco, and 1 followod him as fast as I could. On tho first iloor ho mot ono of tho parlors aud ho told hiin to como with us, aud wo all throo wont up on to tho fourth noor, nnu tuo innnngcr wont straight to No. 217 and knocked at tho door. 44 Thoro was no answor. 44 Tho chambermaid on tho floor had como up sooing somothing was tho mattor, and sho gavo tho maangor hor mnstcr-koy. "Ho put it iu tho door and turned it, but tho door did not opon. 44 It wns boltod on thoinsidn. 44 4 Go and got somothing at onco,' tho manngor said to tho portor ; 4 wo must break tho door opon/ 41 It scorned an hour whilo wo wuitcd outsido that door for tho man to fotch his tools. 44 4 You're sure it's blood?' tho managor said to mo. 44 4 Oh, yos, sir, I could soo it by tho stain on tho coiling, and soino of it had droppod on tuo young lady's linud.' 44 4 What an awful thing !s ho ox clniincd. 4 Who's in horo, do you know?' 44 4 Yea, sir. It's a young gontlo man who camo this aftornoon, and wo put him into 09 first, and moved him up horo because of tho Bmoko. , Ho would havo n fire !" "Am airam lt s'a caso or suiciue.. 44 It's somothing droadful, sir, I'm suro, or tho blood couldn't havo soaked through liko that I' 44 Presently tho portor . camo back, but it was a long job and a linrd job to got that door opon — tho bolt held so firmly, but at last it wont with a torrific crash, and thon wo all stood outsido and poorcd into tbo room. 44 Thoro was no light, but tho firo was still burning brightly, and by tho glow it cast ovor tho room wo saw somothing was lying on tho floor. 44 Tho cliamhormaid brought a light and tho manngor wont in first and knelt down by tho 4 somothing.' 44 IIo had sont for tho doctordiroctly I'd told him about tho blood, and at that momout tho doctor camo up with tbo sub-mnnagor. 44 Tho doctor wont in nnd looked at tho body whilo tho light wns held up for him.' "4Ho's dond,' ho said, and tho words almost mndo my honrt stand still, though I oxpeeted thom. 44 Tho poor young follow had gashed his throat in a frighfut way and was lying in a pool of blood on tho floor. "I was in tho room whilo thoy ox- nmiucd tho body, but I couldn't look nt it. I turned my back and looked nt tho firoplaeo. Thoro was a lot of burnt pnpor on tho hearth and somo bits of toni-up lottcrs nnd, onvolopcs that hadn't fnlleu into tho firo. 44 Tho young follow had boon burn ing his lottors and pnpors. 44 1 know thon why ho was so par ticular about having a firo iu his room. " Tho doctor finished his examina tion, nnd thon ho got ujhuuI turned to tho managor. 44 4 It's a caso of suicido,' ho snid, 4 do you know anything about hint ?' 44 4 No— wo'vonovcr aeon htm boforo —ho only camo this aftornoon.' 44 4 "WoU,- you'd bettor not lot any thing bo touched to-night. Nothing can do dono for him. You'll send for tho polico at onco ?' 44 4 Of course r 44 4 Thou, until thoy como you'd bottor lock up tho room and lonvo everything as it is. I'll como down and sit iu your room and wait for tho polico if you liko.' "'Yes,' said tho manngor, 'that will bo host. I'vo beon horo 10 yoars and this is tho first caso of suicide wo'vo had in tho hotel.' " As soon as wo woro all outsido tho jnanagor pulled tho door to, but it wouldn't lock. Ho hadforgotton that it hud boon burst open. " 4 1 soo," said tho doctor, 'youeun't lock it up. You'd bottor put a man outsido thon to see that nobody goes in. Ho must remain thoro until tho polico como.' "8o tho porter was put on guard outsido, and wo all wont along tho corridor, looktug very scared and frightened, ns von can imagine, oxcopt tho doctor, ana of courso doctors novor look scared nt anything, thoy tnko it all as a matter of Imsinoss. 44 1 had been so horrified nt seeing tho young fellow lying thoro dead that ovoiwthing else had gone out of my head, but when wo got to tho top of tbo stairs I romomborod tlo young lady, and all at oco I thought porhaps it would bo only right if tho doctor woro to soo her. "Ispoko to tho manager and ho turned to tho doctor at onco. 44 4 Doctor,' ho fluid, 4 thoro aro voir paiuful circumstancos connected with this unhappy busmoss. It sooms, at least so tho ohnmbormnid tolls mo, that blood must havo dropped through into tho room bolow.' > " 4 1 don't woudor at that,' Bnid tho doctor, 4 thoro's quito a pool on' tho floor.' 4 4 4 Unfortunntoly tho room bolow is ocoupiod by a nowly-married couple, nnd tho blood has fnllon on tho young lndy. Tho chnmbommid tells mo sho is torribly npsot. I think, porlmps, .you hnd bottor seo hor.' 44 4 Certainly I will, but I don't think, uudor tho circumstances, it will bo advisablo to toll hor tho truth.' 14 4 No, not if youcau holp it.' i4 4 I'll sco how sho is and try and rcassuro hor eomohow. Whoro is sho ? ' 44 4 1 will tako you to hor,' I said. 4 Tho poor young lady fnintodnnd I loft hor almost bosido horsolf, and no wonder, for tho blood was on hor hnnds.' 44 Doar mo,' said , tho doctor— his face lnokiug quito gravo— 4 and on hor wedding night too. Poor thing ; why, it's onough to turn her brain.' 44 1 led tho way , to No. 13 aud knocked at tho door, nnd without waiting for au nuswor opened it niul said, 4 If. you plouso, sir, hero's our doctor, in case tho youug lady would liko to soo him.' 44 Thou I pullod tho door to ngaiu, for 1 had had onough of horrors, and wont io hit in tuo sorviooroom witu two of tho waitors. 44 1 wanted to bo with soraobody for I felt too upsot and nervous to bo nlono. 44 Tho waitors woro full of it, as anything of that sort soon goes all ovor a hotel, aud thoy wantod to know all about it, but I said I couldn't talk of it. It bad upsot mo too much, but I told thom thoro wab no doubt that tho young follow in No. 217hnd lulled hiwsolf, and that lio was quito dead. "Tho doctor wns with thoyouuglady quito half au hour. Ho passod mo on his wny downstairs, aud I asked him how sho was, and if ,thoro was any thing I could do. " 4 Sho is a littlo bottor now,' ho said, 4 but of courso vory much upsot. I'vo porsundod hor that it is only somoono who has mot with an accident, and lost a quantity of blood, and although it was a vory unpleasant oxporionco tlioro is nothing for hor to tako to heart, or to bo alarmed at, but I called tho hus band, on ono sido and told him tho truth, and ho thinks it bottor thoy should go to another hotol.' "Woll, sir,' I said, under tho oir- cumstances it will bo, perhaps. It wuuiu uu a uiwiuiiu tuuig iur uur to know that at tho Yory beginning of lior married lifo thoro was a suioiuo's body lying abovo hor. 44 4 Yos, thnt's a woman's way of looking at it, no doubt. You can go if you liko and soo if you can holp thom to pnek and put . thoir things togothor. I'm going to ask tho managor to send out and got thom rooms iu another hotol, so that thoy liavo no bother.' "I could 600 that tho doctor was really aorry for tho poor brido and bridegroom, and who could holp boiog undor tho circumstancos ? " I wont in and helped to pack tho things thoy bad unpacked, aud thoy woro vory grateful. I could soo thoy woroboth awfully shocked and worried, and hardly know what thoy woro doing. « Prosontly tho managor camo up nnd sntd ho had got rooms for thom at aaothor hotol near, and wo got all tho luggago down and put it on a cab, nnd thou thoy came- down and drovo away. 44 It was past miduight whon thoy wont, nnd as 1 watched thom going down tho groat stuirenso, tho poor gin trembling aud holding on to hor hus band's arm for sufipoi't, aud ho as whito as a ghost, I couldn't liolp think ing that it was about as unhappy a beginmug to a honoymoon ns thoir worst onomy, if thoy had ono, could havo wishod for thom. "Of courso tho polico woro vory soon in tlio hotol, aud had takon pos session of tho room whoro tho suicido lay. I didn't hear anything moro that night, for I was tired out and upsot, aud glad to go to bod whon it oamo to my turn to go off duty, and tho noxt morniug when I got up I hoard tho body had boon taken away in tho night to tho mortuary, and that au' inquest was to bo held on it. " Of courso I wns callod at the in- quost to givo my . ovidouco, and it was thon I honrd all about tho poor young gcntlomnu. 44 His frionds hnd boon found nnd communicated with, aud it sooms that tho young gontloman .had boon dis appointed iu lovo and hnd boon very strango in his maiinor and vory do snomiiug for somo timo, but nobody thought ho monnt to kill himself. "Hisbrothor, who wns ouo of tho witnesses, stated that ho liad bcou in lovo with a young lady who had not returned his affection, aud this young lady had recently married, and that scotuod to havo preyed upon his mind vory much. "In fact," snid tho brothor, "ho killed hiinsolf on tho vory day that tho marriago took plaoo." " A good doal of ovidencowns givon by tho doctor and othors,,nnd tho jury brought in a verdict of tomporary in- snnity. " Aftor tho caso was ovor, I saw our. manngor go away with tho brothor and thoy woro talking togothor. Of courso I wont back to tho hotol, but all day T couldn't holp thinking things ovor, nnd I thought to mysolf hot? strango it was that ho should havo ! killed himself right ovor tho room 1 in which thoro was a young lady who Iliad only boon married that day, "That ovoning whon I wont down stairs, tho managor called uto into his | offieo and said ho wantod to ask mo a question or two. l " ( Whon that poor follow came to tho hotel, did ho ask any questions of you?' ho snid. 4 Did ho moution any names and ask if thoy woro in tho hotol or coming to tho hotel Y' " 'No sir,' X snid, 4 ho otily asked for a tiro.' 44 4 It was your idea to put him in tho room abovo— 217 ? 44 1 Yes, sir. I did it because 03 smoked so bndly.' 44 Woll, it's rnthor an odd coiuci- donco then. Do you know that ho camo to this hotol bocauso tho young lady ho was in lovo with wns coming to stay hem with hor husband. Ilo had found out somehow thoy woro coming horo aftor tho marriago.' ' 44 4 Good gracious, sir,' I oxclaimed, beginning to sco what tho mnungor meant, 4 you don't monn to say that tho young lady in 13 was tho ono ho wanted to marry ?' 44 4 Yos, tlioro is no doubt from whnt tho brothor has told mo, that it is so.' " And I had put him— quito bv nc- cidont — in tho room abovo tho brido aud bridegroom. Only ono thin iloor sopnrntod him from tho girl lio had brokon his heart ovor, aud on hor bridal night, whilo ho lay a corpso abovo hor, his blood had dripped through, aud had fnllon on hor hands and stniued hor weddiug- ring. ;Ho had doubTess timod his suicido. IIo had intended to tako His lifo upon her wedding-day, nnd iu tho building ill wluch sho was to pass tho first hours of hor married lifo with tlio husbnml of her ehoico. 41 But I am suro ho did not know whon- ho planucd that torriblo tragedy that riio would bo tho first to soo his lifo-blood How— that hor cry of horror would bo tho first tiling to lend to tho discovery of his torriblo fate. "It was clianco that hnd brought thatabout, coittoidonco as tho manngor callod it, nnd I had boon tlio innocent moans of bringing it to pass. "I don't know whothor tho poor brido over learned tho truth. I nopo sho didn't, for it isn't tho sort of tiiiug a woman would ovor bo ablo to forgot. If sho hud known tho truth that night whon sho folt a cold, wot splash, and looked at hor wodding-ring— but thoro, it isn't n thing to think about, is it sir?" I snid that I didn't think it was, but after Agues had finished hor story and loft mo to niysolf I thought a (rood deal about it, and it has ro- mamed upon tlio tables of my womory until now. In one thing I cordially ngroo with Aguos, that it was a strango oxpori- uuuu iur u uuuiiiuui'iimiu. A UOUOC if many olmiuborinaids havo had a strangorono. The Em 