Tm> year -is dying—let him die! On the whole, the colony has seen belter years, but a c far as Port Pirie is concerned the past twelvemonths mark an epoch in our history, and if at the end of next vear we can look back and note fr ic same rrp d strides ol ad vancemem to somethmgapprnaching civilization, there will indeed be cause for congratulation. First and foremost, the departing year vill be held to memory dear by the fact it s;iw the introduction of gas ((lie iliuminant—we had plenty of the other kind befoie) ami decent foutnnth.s, both of which supplied a longfelt want. And i:i looking back since was ushered in in swaddling clothes we can count fully 100 buildings which have been erected. Mr. T. Kneese's new shops would be an ornament, to any city, and if we owned the Barrier Hotel we would be game enough to give it away to anyone who could name a finer holel building iu the colcny. Mr. Purvis has doubled the size of the erstwhile Howe's Hotel, and Messrs. Trexo'na, Flett, Cottle, Geddes, and Goode have erected business premises which are a distinct ciedit to the town. Messrs. Goninan it Warner's foundrv is a sui-e sign of the growing importance of the port-; and the public are under a debt of gratitude to that enterprising firm, Messrs, Movie a><d Crocker, for comfortable swimming baths. Mr. B J. Knight has recognised the merits of the increesing growth of the trade of the port, by removing his Gladstone factory amongst us ; in fact, look where we will we see nothing but signs of advancement, and with a season of orotperity ahead this favorable state of a if airs may be expected to continue. The new year about to be ushered in, we hope, will es^ispe bitter labor strikes and conflicts which are the nearest approach to civil war. We trust t-'ie next twelve months will be the most prosperous on record, and take this opportunity to wish our readeis A HAPPY NEW YEAR, Qui- says:—"Mr. Fred Grev, of Port Pirie. who lias a better knowledge of the trade than any mail in South Australia, not, excepting the Railway Commissioners, points out that a serious block on the rail wav from BroUen Hill to Port Pirie isaccumulating. So bad have matters become that on Sunday week no less than 12 trains up and 112 down—24 iu all—w ere despatched in order to relieve the glut of traffic, but even this had no appreciable effect. Onjy cuite recently alarmists on this subject were assured by the C.P.W. that thei-e was no chance of a difficulty arising 1 , and yet liei-e it is and growing every day. Of course, this is purely the business aspect of the question. There is another quite as important. Those "24 trains compellt?d from GO to 70 men besides stationmasters. pori UTS, and permanent-way men to work i on Sunday, and one would naturally | think that the hmnble lamptrimmer I was as much entitled to his day of vest as the Commissioners t-heinselves. j The positiGU is this: Some men 11 the service are working overtime whilst otheis are working half and three- quarter time. It is neither"fairto one nor the other, and there is no excuse, because those 24 trains coald have been worked in on week days." No one will fall out with Quiz because of tliewbove remarks, as the obstacles in the nay of facilitating the Bar nor trade are increasing day by day, simply for the reason that the Railway Commissioners blindly fail to realise the extent and importance of the Broken Hill traffic. On Saturday last work was suspended on the wharves owing to the scarcity of trucks, and the men enjoying enfoived idleness decided to deputatiunise the Hon. J. II. Howe, who was paying a flying visit to the port. However, Mr. Ilowe left for Adelaide before the men had. a chance to lay their grievances before him, so they had to be satisfied with sitting down and graying for the time to hasten along when they would have the opportunity to return one of their own numbers to the ; Legislature And we can't blame them for thus ferventlv praying. If there is any efficacy in prayer a labor candidate should be returned, and of our old members relegated to the dim forgotten past Both Messi S Howe and Catt would be better liked if they visited their district and mixed up with their constituents a little more, thus acquiring a knowledge of local wants. However, now that Mr. Grey's agitation is attract- ing attention in Adelaide, we may venture to lmpe the Commissioners will see about taking steps to avert the threatened block. If they don't we will have a portion of out trade drifting into other channels, as it did a couple of years ago. Tin: Thirteenth Parliament of South Australia is dead, and there is more rejoicing than son-owing +hereat. Its spirit, of course, si ill lingers iu the shape of the Government, but spirits, ifnless in the shape of Jim Hennessey and kindred sorts, are harmless. The ghost, of ilie Parliament that has just passed in its checks is particularly harmless, for it. proved its love of office (or the emoluments appertaining thereto) to be sogre;itas to prevent its carrying on the ordinary Executive duties without the consent of Parliament. With the death of Parliament dies the hopes, and fears of the various constituencies—hopes that towards its dying suuie good might be done, if only to serve as snps at t he forthcoming elections; fears that some members, owing tr> their absolute inability to grasp the importance of their positions (except where self was concerned), might drs>g- in the mire the name of South Australian politics. Broken promises have been the order of the day, and in this respect we are sorry the representatives of the Gladstone district have not been out of the runuing. Ihe three sessions of the now practical dead Parliament, should have been a reflection of tlie announced opinions of its membei-s, who were sent there to make laws for the goad of the country, and woe expected, at the very least, not to stand iu the way of reforms, especially those they advocal**! on the hustings, and through the advocacy of which they were elected. But they have, by apatliv and. in some cases, direct violation of pledges, made the three sessions practically barren. Free Education stands oi.t alone as the one measui-e which d ^appointed electors can point to has having been moderately . advantageous to the colony. Returned amidst great expectations. with a Government pledged to the Progressive Laud Tax and a reduction on the necessaries of life, Ve find not only have these measures been thrown out, but that one of our members is now a Minister in an essentially Property-Tax -Government, and has voted in favor of increasing the duty on one of the necessaries of life (ride the Stock Tax). However, the elections are near, and electors will do well to look up iheiecords and judge for themselves if a change is necessary. Next vear Pirie will send a ratt'ing team of baseballcs to to Adelaide. Mnyor Geddes presided at his first 8 icial on Monday night, and seemed to" I ike it. The pgitntion for more rollii g rt-)ck, yn ably commenced by Mr. Fred Grev, should be taken np In- the townspeoule. else we will be chewing the cud of reflection when we see the trade drifting away from our port. Messrs Ilowe and Catt arc politely requested to look np. Have you tried W. G. Magor & Co. for cheap tailoring? if not, why not They have one of the best Cutters in South Australia, and keep the largest stock of Tweeds and Coatings in Port Pirie. Splendid choice. Try Cottle's once and you will always go there for your Draperv. The Adelaide leaves for the Wallaroo regatta on Sunday evening next. And don't you forget it. Ihe latest snake story :—A Chinaman was bitten recently by a snake 10 ft. long- The snake died. The two ladies and the gentleman who visited the Cemetery on Monday evening evidently mea"t to enjoy their Xmas holidays. Rather they than we. T'gh ! Mr. Usher rode bis trotting mare in the Trot at Wamerto^'ii, and won in great style. The host of the Barrier is such a whole- souled sport that no one begrudges him a win. Port Pirie Homing Club had a good dny on Ihe 2ith. The Syndicate people know very little about running sports. 