U-IOE\i ?,,;.? -v.-./t «f G'E NORFOLK ^ISLAND. AUTIIKVI'IC KMOKOS. No. 10. tin jiiteu »irin«. {'itzimraona was not troubled again by bia torincntoia, the two conutablos. It did not *--iiS Ward a eohemo thut they should bo piy K13 about tha house, and thoy Rot a quiet hint horn ono ol tho highest offloials not to bother tlio old hutkeeper any rooro. During tho tuiceediagday on which ho paid hia visit to tho eonvio; boatman, Wiird waa excociiiugly busy, lie vinited nu Icaa than nix ol tha out lying shepherd prisoners, and won upon^thom to such an extent— by tho aid o! a glib iorguu and tobacco— that they each promised lo visit Filziminona' hut lhat night, armed \wtb th= password. Ilo oven mnila arrange nu ntu whetbby Hcndriclt found himself at liberty to jointho conspirators, andcomi-leto the secret circle. Ward had, in fact, gone to tho command n..t, and told him an untruthful atory about having discovered the beginning of a eerioua pint, nnd ho named cur'tnin convioto con o=raed in it. Ha asked— bo that matters might bo brought to a crisis —that these men liu Allowed aa much liberty as possible, in 01 Jar that they might attend tho rendezvous, ami his request-was at once granted. Tho hutKeepcr* and shepherds wero most ly in n position to move about at night, al though it was cot allowed, but a man belong ing to tho prison gang liko Hendriolc was in 1 a different position. As it wag necessary that ho should attend tho connpiratois meet ing, bowaB told off ab a night patrol amongst that Bcetion of the forest hutkeepera in whioh Fitiimmons' dwelling lay. At eisht o'olock on tho night of April the i'u, 1S-17, cine men ware assembled in Fitz uninoaa' hut. They wero oonviots Hondrick, Mi'yrick.Filziromons, Evans, llnddon, Lul.a, M'Kinler .Carter, and free boatman Ward. i % Thoy hud reached tho place in a atealthy \- manner, and it waa evident that tho gather ing was for no good purpose. Each of thorn Fm tho hutkecper the password— ''Wild ' — ^__ _ Tobacco,' when they come to tho door. V/ith „- tho exception of Jlejrici, who had received ]' it from Hendrick after the Iatter's intorviow with Ward, tho felons had all got the watch 1 word from the boatman. Tho evening woa n terribly wild and Btoimy. Such a one aa when Tarn O'Shanter took tho road to Kirk ',' Allowny in, when— ?*' , ?' A. child that night might understate' Tho deil had business on hia nan.' ' ^ , Tho comfortless interior of the cqualid hnt with the daikneKB made visible by a 'dip' * \ light did not add cheerfulness to the anxious §?? and gboniy faces of the occupants. When \-- the last man entered Fitzirnruona secured the door with a beam of wood, and they all sat , around a rieketty tnblo on some rude benches. ' Hondriok was the first to break tho silence ^ byalluding to the business which had brought , them together. ' You know, men, why we have oome here, \- 1 suppose,' he began ; ' wo want to free our ?elves from misery snd cruelty. Wo were 1- bad enough off a month &j;,a, but now wj are much worse. The li'.tle privileges which ?j. inado out hr.rd lot bearable have been with 1 drawn, and we are woree than any sieves on earth. For my part I ennnot eland it any longer. If I (ail in obtaining freedom 1 shall lie hanged, of course, but that ia hotter than being slowly flogged to death, and I pee no reason why a general rising should fail.' ' There ie not tho slightest doubt of auc , £ c^ if everyono pulU togother,' broke in Wird. ' If tho plot is properly laid it can not foil, and by striking tte blow quickly it tvill be All the better, for tho authorities do not dieani of another outbreak eo soon after Westwood's Rising.' \- ' Ayo, we must move with caution,' Enid 1 ritzimmern.' ' Westwood's revolt was well [.lonned, and yet it did not .nuoeeod. We j ' liava crafty men to deal with, who have power , f. behind Iheic, and it will take a great blow to -1 -? _ ,, broak it.' t' ' The January rising was a perfect bungle,' ,- repliod tho bciitinan, warmly. 'Why did i 1 licy not get tho piisonera at Longridge and Oaccide to join them. The settlement would bo in their bands now if that had been done. i 7.t allowed the major and commandant to get roinloroementa f;ora these placea, inatead of ' being obliged to send forau-.ietance to them. AtLir.gridge there waa only twenty eight i men to guard nix hundred prisoners. The iiandlul of military there could have been idqit away like cbsf! before tho wind had the 'on vict3 wished. The aame could have been , r I'one by the four hundred prisoners at Can : '. lad?, tn.l the thousand men thus liberated lould lmv-) uvept down ori the rear of the '*' tarraoks at Sydney Bay, and Bnap pad up its ' Isft defender?. Nothing could have pre i 'ented it. Less than two hundred merv would , ??' l'B.7a been hemmed in between two thousand ?(' . - ('o peratu convicts, fighting for life and liber j ? _ (y, and nothing short of a miracle oould have , ,' raved the autboritieB. I tell you if a general i , fiamg is arranged at all the prisons, it mnst \- -, - fucceed.'' ,, ?- ' - Tho arguments of Ward seemed to have *? *f\ ' ronBidoriible oflecS on hia auditors, who list * * i tned to him with breathless interest. At * „ ltnijth Jlsjriclt Baid, ' What would you »'r fUK«st, i.ir, nan good plan to adopt ?' 1 _ ' Fir't of all it will bo necessary to get all the ItiWinjj and trustworthy convicts on your tile. Between you Ell that ought to bo easily % » doce. Vou each know some of the prisonerB ' whncanbo trusted, and they in turn will * know othersswho will ba faithful. Thua tho N nlot will widen out like a watery circle until \- '? '' 'S f.rabrnsaa all worth having. Of oourae, , ' - nhtu jou j;et a majority of the priaonerB on ?? ,S , l ur side the minority will have to follow. ' '? ? J' the mesctimo tho details of tho plan meat ? '* Id arranged and confided to yourfriendo, who , tI ^ A«ill carefully spread it around. When that J* , ' »i dona— and aa soon as pooaible after, to ! [re^-nt the possibility of a waverer turning '? - irjitor— a sunaoie occasion must bo fixed , for the general rising. I think o good plan ' i would ba to £et lire to, Bay the Caaoade prison, at night. The chief ofliners would hurry thero from S) dney Bay and Lon-;ridgo etationa with all tho available hand's they '' could muater, and then tho rising could take , _ place at these placee. During tho confusion i. of the fire at Casoado moBt of the priaoners is oouhlcecape and assemble in some appointed S place. Ifaamali gaard were placed over | the convicts to prevent escape, it would be a 3 very Bimplo matter ro overpower it, Tha do | tails could be arranged beforehand. lam only giving a general outlind of what would be a good plan.' Ward Bpoko thia with an earneatneas that appealed to be sincere, and as if warminp up with the theme, bo added,— ' I aapposo most of you will wonder why I, who am a free man, should suggest such a plot as this to you. I'll soon till you. Firat I7, [ am in disgrace, and don't caro how noon I leavo this place, but that ia not the reaBOn I am risking my life to- night. I hate tho accursed convict system. Io Van Die ? man's Land I have two brothers wearing out their lives in penal servitude, although thoy lira innocent of any crime. They were con victed in Dnblin on the' evidence of a ruflian ly informer named O'Molloy, and aentenced to transportation for lifo. I have sworn to rescue them, and for that purpose I managed to get « situation as boatman at the prison of Port Arthur in Van Dieman'e Land. When I v;na there a fow weeks the superintendent found out by somo means who I was, cud I waa at onco sent here. I have been diesatia lied ever since, and having seen the cruelties of tho system I am, more thnn over anxious to reljjuse my brothers, Aa I cannot do it by remaining here, I am glad of the removal thai awaits me, oud for the sake of my Buffer, inp relatives I with to assist those who are niinilail;. placed.' 'Che free boalm«.n had a glib tongue and *' doing most ol the Ulk. His last speech would have been ixotllent had it been truo Imtic had the trifling drawback of being false Iroru .beginning to end. With the exception f one person the whole of hia lieteners ro 1\. «nled it an Roapel, arid btgan to look upon A i.ro its little inferior to a saint, a real men -??1 gi-r of good tidings. When, as if overcome II iho Eympathetio feelings whioh the ma 1 u,ie« of his brothera evoked, ha followed 1\. lus -eaital with a ping of tobacco all round, their gratitude knew no bounds. Al though naturally suspicious, tha convicts were thrown off their guard and completely hoodwinked by the wily informer — all but ono, and that was Mcyrick, That felon Bat regarding tho boatman with a strange and o-ninous tiro in hia eyes. Tho feeble light did not permit Ward to sea hiB faoe closely, ? or ho might iiave taken alarm, Tho man seemed to be evolving \\)ld recollections, nnd gradually hia countenanco beenmo convulsed with passion and hia hands twitohed nerv ously. Aa Ward roso to go, he, with a power ful effort, regained a measure of conipoa ure. ' Wo will all meet hero tho evening after to-morrow,' said tho boatman as ho loft them, tha understanding being that each should depart separately. A storm waa rag ing oiitaide, and tho free boutman made hia way towards the chief prison, muttering as he went. ' It's fairly started, but I must got a couplo of dozen mere in before I havathem nabbed.' When ha had passed tha door of the hut Moyriok went to it, and peered out into tho darkueea after him. Ha was soon lost in tho gloom, but still tho man looked until a vivid flash of lightning lit up tho forest, and ro vcMcd Ward making fcr tho settlement. Than he closed the door oarnfully, and after securing it walked to tho table and took his former seat, llisiaconaa rigid and whito, eo much ao that even tho obtuso convicts noticed it: 'Have you seen a ghost?' asked Hend rick, that being supposed to bo tho popular cauGO of frightening people at night. 11 Would to God it was that and nothing more 1 had seen,' replied Moyriok in a Bolemn voice. ' I have Been tho ghost of former days certainly, but that ia not half so. fearful as tho reality of tbo present. 1 may as well tell you, men, that we ara all lost. Nothing oan aavo us.' ' Are we watched ?' exclaimed the aonviots starting to their feot in affright. ' How aro we lost?' ' I don't chink we ara watched yet, but I am sure that by to-morrow morning the com nundact will know that each of us waa hero, and everything that passed, with a good deal that never paimed.' 11 You don't mean to say that Mr Ward is a spy, Eurely_ ?' they asked. ' I do ; and I can tell you more. His narno is not Ward at all, but Michael O'Malloy, the infamoua Dublin informer. The story ho told ua about his brothers is all false, but if be had not said it I would probably never havo recognised him, although 1 thought thero was something about him familiar to me. When ho mentioned O'Malley I knew him at once, although he ia greatly ohanged. He ia the most diabolical villain that walks tho earth to-day. Listen for a few' minutes and I will tell yon who our new found friend is that even now is weaving tho ropo to hang us.' ' In tho beginning of IS 10 I was a young man in Dublin with good prospects beforo me. I felt liko many another patriotic Irish man that my country was badly governed, and I longed to eeo her independent. I waB a member of a club called ' Erin's Hand.' It was an harmless sort of an affair, where a number of young fellows met and kept their patriotism warm by recounting tho deeds and ancient glory of Hibernia. Towards the end of tho year I mention, ono Michael Mal ley waa admitted a member, and became very popular with hia club fellows. I saw at once that he waa a firebrand and took a dialikc to him, which ho cordially reciprocated. Day after day ha insidiously inoalcuhtted the doc trine of foruo into the impressionable and fiery young men. He almost worked tho society into a revolutionary body, and at Inat the orash came, A conflict with a body of military took place between them and a number of tho club men. I was amongBt tho latter, and tried bard to prevent tha disturb ance. Amongst others I wao arrested, and then O'Malley came out in hia true colors. He' waa a paid Government informer, and Bworo enough to hang ub. Nino tenths of his evidence waaf»!-1r Aota that he had committed were attributed to me, and tho end waa that myself and foar other members of the club were sentenced to transportation for life. It transpired during tbo trial that O'Melley had been an informer fo'raoveral years, but hia last exploit would havo cost him hia life had he not been spouted away by the authorities. My companions and mv Bolf wera Bent to Port Arthur prison, and a fow months after I waa transferred hera. The fact of those poor men being there may hme had something to do with O'Malley's removal to this place, for it wao currently reported in Dublin that I had died, and no doubt the informer accepted it as true. You will judge by thia what sort of a man wo have to deal with. I am sure he is in league with the oflloialn, and thia is a ' put up ' job.' The deluded conspirators sat and looked at the speaker, but for a time their tongues wero dumb. At length Hendrick said, ? ' I oan sea we havo been led into a trap, but it's not too late yet to get out of it. Ward will ba here in a couplo of nights, and I don't think he suspects anything We can deal with him then.' The other men Baid nothing, but aa they left the hut and wont out into tha darkness of tbo raging storm, occasionally lit up by the lurid Hashes of lightning, their looka Bpoko more eloquently than words of the more awful Btorm of passionate revenge whioh wbb tossing their hearts. Punctual to timo on tbe night appointed the conspirators met at Fitzimmons' hut again. Ward wsb unusually elated, for ho had met with much success that day amongst certain of the convicte, and the plot was ripen ing fast. Ho gave the assembled felonu an elaborate plan of the various prisons, and de tailed certain points which it would be neces sary to observe. He also informed thorn that transports wero expected in a fortnight'o time, and it would be neceasary to oarry out the conspiracy beforo they came. It was nearly ten o'olock when ho left tho plotters, and the night was unusually dark. Ife did not ro alone, for Meyriclc said he would accompany him a short distance to wards hia own destination. They had not got fifty feet from the hut when Hendrick, EvanB, and Haddon opened tbo door and silently followed them into the sombre for est. ' Have you aeon Ward lately, Daniela ?' tho civil commandant asked the major three days after the neoond meeting in Fitziinmon'a hut, aa ho met him in the outer yard. 'I havo not. Ib ho missing?' ' Ho haa not been seen at his quarters for three days, and that ia suspicious. Tbe work he ia engaged on ia rather huzardous,' said thb commandant. ' I think it would be advisable to eend out a Bearoh party after him. You have a good idea, I suppose, where he might tmvo met with foul play,' returned Major Da nielB. ' Yes. If he does not appear to day i will have a search made to-morrow,' Tbo free boatman did not appear, and a rigid aearoh was made in tho vioiuity of Fiiz itsmtms' hut at Ural, and then in every part of tbe inland, but without any trace uf tho missing man being found. Two dnyo after, whilst the reef gang were at work in Sydney Bay, on object cama floating towards them, rUing and falling with tho waveB. ? A3 it came closer it was discovered to bo tho hideous body of a man, which was scarcely identifiable, aa that of William Wctero, free boatman, aUaa Michael O'Mulley, informer. Tho doctor found that the skull waa frao tured, and tho supposition wastbat the man had first been etruck down, rendered insen eible, and thrown into Sydney Bay. Tho commandant tried hard to find the murder era by offering a free pardon to any accom plice who would inform, but it waa in vain, although he shrewdly sUBpeoted who tho murderers wore. Yeara afterwards, when Meyrick waa on his death bed at the oonvict station in WeBt Australia, he confessed to having struck the fatal blow, and helped to throw tho body into tho sea. Tho ' Wild Tobacoo Plot ' only brought disaster to its originator. Next week the Rsoordo will bo continued under the title of ' Mad Theodore.' This will dc;oribea tragio and extraordinary event that took place at Cascade Prison in the be ginning of 1817. 