ROSEHILL RACES THE COURSE, Wcdociday. J. he weather is dull and suitty hero to day, but tha attendance is good. The fol lowing are tho results HURDLE RACE Oascadr (Mulvy) 1 . Ancunr tNolau) 2 SiitnniAH (Uarley) 3 Tbo others were Buckley (Pha-uix), Tourist (Humphreys), Music (Rtucc), Cog- hill (Death), and Tho Spado (Walters). BcUinjgp3 to 1 agst Albert or Violin, 6 to 1 Cascade, Boekley or Siberian, 10 to 1 the others. Tourist was the first to show in front, followed by Albert, with Buckley last, in this order they raced to the Ust six furlongs, when Albeit rau tip to Tourist, and headed him, with Cascade fol lowing. At tho half milo Cascade took tbo lead, and eventually won by five leuuths from Albert, with Siborian a moderate third, followed by Music, Tourist and Cog bill. Buckley und Thc Spade fell at tlie lost hurdle. Time — 3min OGsec. GRANVILLE STAKES. GottyruouK tSicly) 1 Ptoviir. ... ' ... (M'Huef. 2 Nanjak ...(FicliJer) 3 Thcothers wcro Frolic (Tralnor), Ebony (McCarthy), Hamilton (Garluud), aud Royal Arch (Parker j. Betting : U to 4 on Goldthorn, 6 to 1 agst Royal Arch and Hamilton, 10 to 1 tho others. Frolio led for nearly a mile, when tho favorite took the lead, aud ovontuully won by half a length from Plover, Time— 2inin. lasec. AUCTION STAKES. Fubrtilm»b (Guugh) I SotTIIKtLT Bcstkb (Cook) 2 mauuick (Davios) 3 Marabo (Coulou), was tho only other starter. Betting: 5 to 4 on Frcctrade, 2 to 1 agst Marabo, 7 to 1 SootberJy Boater, 10 to 2 tho others. Won cosily by two lengtbi. Time— lmin 17soc. BIRTHDAY HANDICAP. Dan O'CdNiioit (I5g.ui) 1 Etiii:i.dxrt i... ... (Gnhinfiirri) 2 Siiauuock (Ellis) 3 The oLlicr starters wcro Oxenhani (Huxley), Cai-donoits (Ilarkcr), Pippin (M'Cirthy), Wurong (Milne), Rook- wall (J. Dolaney), Tho Stniilcr (Sidtnan), Danton-(Cook), Amber Queen (Mcl'.vrlant'), Princess (Cough), Ai-saycr (Coblon), Round- about (Tiernoy), Giilgliam(G. Smith), and .'Beta (Stevenson). / Buttiug: .1 to 1 aget Sliamroctc, i to 1 Dan O'Connor, 8 to 1 Duuton. 10 to 1 OxonUam, Princess, EUielbert, Cardoncss and Round about, 15 to 1 otbura. When tho flag fell, Etbcrhcit was first on his legs, but quickly dropped back, Dan O'Connor and Amber Queen running to (ho front aud leading along tho bock. At tho fivo furlouge Shamrock liad joined Dan O'Connor, with Assayor in close attendance. Assaycr and Dan O'Conuur wcro first cotnlug into the straight, when Guinsfotd brought Ethel- hcrt with a great run, pasnlng tho otliers. . Ho won, howovor, blocked at tbo distance, and tried, getting free, tn como again, hut it was too late, Dan O'Connor winning by a head, vritli Shamrock au in different third. Time— lmin 5Ssee. STEEPLECHASE. Inntnmr (Death) 1 Autiht ... ( ) 2 BemtMAN.. (Mitlry) 3 Tho other woro-Clartmco (Nolan), Mob tou (Miles), St. llario (Roddle), Tommy Ryan (Williamson), Boawell (Williams), an<l Tho Ghost (H'Crow). .Betting: 3 to I ogst Clarence, 7 to 2 Idle Iloy, 5 to 1 Bushman, 7 to 1 Artist, 8 to 1 S:. llario or Boswell, 10 to I tho others. St. llario was tho first to assume com mand, leading Boswoll and Idlo Boy oveJ tha trcblo, Tommy Ryan falling at tho first jump. At the feneu opposite tho mile Itarlo ran round leaving Boswoll with a straight lend,- which ho held to tho last mile, wheu lie fell. Artist then going on with tho lead to the half-mile, where Ido Boy took command, aod, keeping it, won by throo lengths from Artist. Clarence got rid of his rider at thu last jump. Time— Omln. 34suc. 