The labour schooner Sybil is expected to leave Maryborough to-day for Mackay to obtain return islanders, after which she will leave on a recruiting voyage to the Solomon Group. Mr. Smith, for merly navigating lieutenant on the gun- boat Gayundah, has been appointed Government-Agent, and arrived from Brisbane yesterday. The usual meeting of tbe Committee of, tbe Ladles Benevolent Institution was beld In St. Paul's Sobool-ronm yesterday. The following iadieB were present : MesdameB Brennan (chair), Youngman, Young, Roberts, Foran, and Miss Stephens. Accounts to the amount of £26 6s. were passed for payment. Preparations for tbe oustomary decorative display in the shops on Christmas Eve (Saturday), are now actively going on, and despite the bad times we have no doubt that on Saturday next tbe shops will be as gay, and tbe Btreets as crowded as in former years. We bave received from Nicholson and Co., moslo publishers, etc., a copy of their Christmas number of the Australian Muelo Magazine. It Is very well got op and contains 20 ballads and Bongs, about the largest collection ever published in that form. Thb memberaof tbe ' Y' Union desire to thank all those friends wbo eo willingly contributed towards tbe tea and 'CbristmaB Tree' for tbe children of Maryborough, last Friday evening. The ball was kindly lent by tbe Oddfellows, and tbe piano by Herr Geyger. We understand tbat Mr. R L. Jackson, wbo bas occupied tbe position of second master at tbe Albert State School for the past couple of years, isaB been appointed to take obarge of St. Helen's State School after tbe Christmas vacation. The Finance Committee of tbe Muni cipal Counoil bave bad several meetings lately, and we underetand tbat amongst other proposals of retrenchment is a re duction of 20 per cent, in tbe ealaries of all tbe officers. Yesterday was a mild fine day, witb an easterly wind and lightly clouded sky. As on Tuesday night a brilliant display of lightning wbs to be eeen all tbe even ing on tbe northern taorizon, but tbe etorm did not approach tbe towD. The excursion in tbe Gianworth promises to be a popular and well pat ronised affair. Country people will gladly avail themselves of this opportuolty of taking a sniff of the briny In such a large and comfortable steamer. The majority of tbe master butchere in town announce tbat tbeir establishments will be closed from Saturday nigbt till Wednesday morning. In connection witb the Christmas holidays, the solicitors' offices will be closed from Saturday till Monday 2ud January. The Baptists are making ample pre parations for ho enjoyable excursion on tbe Llewellyu on Monday. 'There ere on nearly every railroad locomotives that are known as Jonahs,' eaid Henry E. Archer, who has spent twenty years in tbe service of Illinois Central, to a SI. Louis Globe-Democrat man. ' Some years ago an engine on an Illinois road blew up, cutting tbe fire man's head off with a segment of boiler iron. Tbe engine was rebuilt and made as good as new, but no engineer could be found to run It more than one trip. It was soon whispered about that it was haunted ; tbat tbe headless fireman had bad an unpleasant habit of appearing oj the tender witb pick and shovel and in sisting on firing up. One nigbt aa en gineer and bis fireman deserted tbe loco motive when out on a run. and the con ductor attempted to bring tbe train in. He was not afraid of ghosts, not be ! But he eldc-tracked Bt tbe first opportunity, and waited until daylight before com pleting the run. He told me that the ghost was no joke ; tbat every time tbe furnace door was thrown open the head less apparition entered the cab, bearing a sbadowy scoop of coal. For a month tbe engine lay in tbe shop. Tben an en gineer, wbo wbb compelled either to take it out or lose bis place, mounted it. Be fore it bad ran a dozen miles it went through a culvert, wrecked tbe train, and killed nine people. It was never rebuilt.' 'CHABCOAX. Is the ideal smokeless fuel, eays Mr. Thwaite, C.E., in bis paper on ' London Fog ' In tbe National Re view. Its general use in Paris, in bis opinion, explains the beauty of that city. Our treasures of fuel, however, are not tbe oak and the yew, and Mr. Thwaite, like otber Informers, looks for relief in coal gas properly purified. Though the manufacture of aniline dyes from gas tar has beoome such a eourue of revenue to the companies, it is seriously stated tbat every year there is morecotouring matter sent into the atmosphere of London than would dye all tbe fabrics woven by Egg lisb looms within the eame lime. If we are to follow the example of Pitteburg, gas must be tbe fuel used In London fire grates. Establishing tbe system would Involve tbe conversion of a great part of tbe 9,000,000 tonB of coal into a gaseous condition. Tbe cost, including that of the generating plant and the distributing mains would, It is calculated, probably not exoeed £11,000,000. The monetary valne of tbe clear saving to the citizens of London is estimated at over four millions sterling. Tbe London County Council, Mr. Thwaite thinks, could not undertake a more benefiolal task than tbat of pro duclng a gaseous and smokeless substitute for tbe bituminous and dirty ooal. ' A service at a church In tbe Nortb of London reoently lasted 100 minuteB ; 10 minutes were occupied In singing, and tbe minister's voice filled tbe monotonous 90\. Tbat Is b eomplalnt of a correspond ent of the Christian World. The mini ster added comments to the lesBonB ; be extended tbe 'long prayer ;' after several disappointing 'lastlys' and 'finBllye.' be managed to finish bis sermon in 60 minutes. On account of tbe lateness of tbe bour, ' tbe kind old soul ' directed tbe congregation to sing the laBt verse only of a favourite hymn, and then oc cupied several minutes in expatiating upon that solitary last veree. ' And after tbat,' adds tbe aggrieved corres pondent, ' instead of pronouncing the benedlotlon, be must needs 'give us another prayer !' ' 