Mr. Stead's "Real «l«ost Stories." "REAL Ghost Stories " is the title of the Ohristmai number of the Rosien of Reviews. The oolleotior includes several old-fashioned blood-ourdlers ; bul the sixpenny worth, as a whole, may be desoribed ai unique. Following are a few examples of Mr, Stead's sensations WARNED IN VAW. "Supernatural" warnings aro sometimes or trivial subjects ; sometimes, whilo aorious and oven tragic, they seem powerless to avert the danger against whioh they warn. Mr. Stead quotes a story from the accumulations of the S, P. R,, whioh ia full of tragic fascination whioh attaches to the struggle of a brave man, repeatedly warned of his coming death, struggling in vain to avert the event whioh I was to prove fatal, and ultimately perishing within the sight of thoso to whom ho had revealed tho vision." The story in brief is as follows " Mr. Fleet was third mate on the sailing ship Persian Empire, which left Adelaide for London In 1808\. One of the crew, Cleary by name, dreamed before starting that on Christmas morning, aa the Paralan Smpire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy galo, he was ordered with the rest ot his watoh to secure a boat hanging in tho davits over the Bide. Ho and another got into the boat, when a fearful sea broke over tho ship, washing them both out of tho boat into tho sea, where they wore both drownod. Tho dream made such an impression upon him that he was moat reluctant to join tho ship, but he over- came his scruples and nailed. On Christmas Evo, when they wore nearing Capo Horn, Cleary had a repetition of his dream, exact in all its particulars. He uttered a terrible ory and kept muttering, 'I know it will como truo.' On Christmas Day, exactly as he had foreseen, Cleary and the rcat of the watoh were ordered to secure a boat hanging in tho davits. Cleary flatly ref unod, He said he re- fused beesnse he knew ha wonld be drowned, that all the circumstances of his dream had oome truo np to that moment, and if he went into the boat he would die. Ho waa takeo. below to the captain, and his refusal to discharge duty was entered in the log. Then the ohief officer, Douglas, took tho pon to sign'his name Clearly suddenly looked at him and exolaimcd, " I will go to my duty, for now I know the other man in my dream." Ho told Douglas, as they went on doak, of his dream. They got into the boat, and when they woro all making tight a huavy sea struck the vessel with such forco that the crow would have been waBhad overboard had they not olung to tho mast. The boat waa turned over, and Douglas and Cleary woro flung into tho Boa. They swam for a little time and then went down. It waa just three montliB after he had dreamed of it before leaving Adelaide." HODBE BURNED DOWN.-Tho reaidenoo ot Mr. A. Mon, botwcon Fernmount and Boat Harbour, Boningar River, waa totally destroyed by fire on Monday. Tho building destroyed was on tho brow of a hill, facing the river, and was insured in tho Commercial Union Insurance Co. About eight months ago » oottage belonging to Marx, fronting the road, waa destroyed by fire. A good fritod makes » bad euerer. 