OUT! A Mini? TO A II GODDARD CLAIMS THE CHAMPIONSHIP. Fitzsimmous Again Agrees To Meet Hall. THE DEFEAT OF MABER— AN UNACCOUNTABLE SETBACK. : Billy Smith and George Dawson Likely to be Matched. GODDARI) AND THE CRITICS. The Barrier Boy Badgered. ' PETER BIAHER AGAIN IN AMERICA. He May Be Matched With , Goddard. ; JIM CORBETT 'NOT AT HOME' FOK A YEAR. Huldoon on Sally's Condition— Footllght Flashes — Pugilists who ore . Actors ChoynskI nnil Godfrey— The Costello QreggalnB Hatch— The Neir Orleans Club — Another BIr Carnival George Dawson Doing Well Smith Thump!! Slrtdons — Com- ing Matches — The California Club— And the Latest News ond Uosslp. (BT ODB SPECIAL COMMI8SIONEB.) San Fbaxoisco, October 14, 1892. Were there such an institution as a pugilis tic weather bureau in existonce I think tbe man whose duty it was to attend to the bulle tins would havo to inform the public that tho glass was falling Btcadily, and that thero Wero prospects of unsettled weather all over the world. Tbo Htorm created by the Sullivau Corbett light has not by any means cloared away, and minor disturbances arn very much in order. Among these latter may be men tioned the faot that JOE GODDAIJD HAS CLAIMED THE WOELD'S CUAJiriONEHir, and that Fitzsiramons has, for about tho sixth time, ugrood to fight tlim Hall at o&tohweiabts.; I might state incidentally that HALL-FITZSIMMOSS HATCHES romind me in a measure of Adeline PattiV farowoll appearances. Wo think think that every ono is positively the last, and within a year tho durable little warblor-' comes up smiling' for another farewell. More of thiB anon, however. I mean more of Fit a. and Hall. ' How I have snoh a largo and varied assort ment of items on hand this mail that I am pazzlod whioh oud of the tangle to oommeuoo on. I think, howerer, that I had better begin by tolling you something of tbe cironmstanoes attending THE DEFEAT OF ' SHADOW ' HABEB, whose downfall, I might remark en ?passant, lightonod my pocket, bat did not produce the same feeling of buoyancy in my heart. The fight ocourred in Jaok Doinpnoy'B clnb at Portland, Oregon, on tbo night of September 20, aud tho Now South Wolshman was never iu it. The affair lasted twenty-five rounds, ' and it appears that Smith led all tho way. Tbat'B what I can't understand. Had it boon a Btnbborn battle, with Maber carving the Bostouian's faoe Into ribbons with that light ning loft of his, and finally gotting worn down by a sturdier young follow than himself, I could grasp the situation readily. But here's A T YBO FROM TYEOVILLE, an awkward, nninteresting lad, who, in com pany with Frank Kelly, drew ont a fight at the Paoiflo Club until the cooks crew, and Bent tho bnlk of the spectators either asleep or borne, and this rnirac bcan-oaling fledgling gets in and whips dashing — or supposed to be dashing — Billy Maber, and conies through the ordeal with scarcely a scratoh on his own anatomy. . Another Btrange phase of the thing is that Frank Kelly.who showed a long-winded fight with Smith, and was at last whipped by the merest kind of a fluke— or a soratoh, as we Bay in America— tries to amblo through ten rounds with Maber a month or two after wards, and is knocked into such a battorod and bleeding lump of humanity within a few rounds that the police call a halt to prevent unnecessary homicide. It is strange, passing strange, my masters, and I have no way of amounting for it. I only know one thine, and that is that siaber's stab as a pugilist bas but ibbevooablt on this continent. I do not know what his Erospects are away up there iu Oregon, or owlieisfixod in tbo matter of worldly pos sessions; but this I do know, if I woro ho, and airoumstanoes favored the proposition, I wonld shake the dust of the Groat Bepublio from my mooassinB and steer for the land whore the wallaby warblos out of doors and tho boomerang blossoms in the eprinsr-time. Here is a pretty conoiso account, clipped from a telegraphic roport of the battle. Tou can judgo for yourself how ? THE SHADOW MUST HATE DETERIOBATED:— ' ' Smith started in to rush tho Australian, and knocked him down in the first round. In tho Beventh round Smith tried the pivot blow, but fell short. The eighth round, was opened with SInber still ou the defonsive. Smith kept up his rushes, bnt Maber got away without much damage. In tho fourteenth round Mabor was knocked down by a right hander on the breast, and camo up groggy. Just as timo was called ho was again knookod down. From tho fourteenth to tho twenty firnt ronnd Smith oontinnod his rushen, and Mabor began to show tho off cot of Smith's body blows. In tho twenty-fifth round Manor was knocked down four times, and for the last time. He was declared ont, and the fight given to Smith.' The excuse is offered for Maber that HK WAS VERT BICK, and that ho only weighed lS21b to the other fellow's 1401b. That Is all very well, but in the oarly Btages of a fight sickness does not obliterate cleverness. , I oan reoolleot how that whon Mnbor boxed- Kolly he was sick, and wheezing like a sixty-cent aooordeon, but that did not prevent that long, lean left of his from picking the ?eyes out of Kolly and keeping him snuffling blood from the first poke to police interference Why dwell on the matter, however ? It is a case of and that's all thero is to it. Hold on.tbongh. I must add that tbo grand jnry of Portland indiatod Dompsey, Smith, Maber, and sundry seoonds and timekeepora for participating in a prize fight. I don't imagine for a momont that the men will ever be sontonced to a form of imprisonment, but it only goes to show that misfortunes novor oomo singly. It was enough for the poor Shadow to have his pugilistiolight doused by a third-rator without becoming entanglod in the mosbos of the law. As soon as Mr. Billy Smith, of ' Bosting,' gets through his little difficulty with the powers that be in Oregon ho will bo offered . A MATCH WITH OEOEOJE DAWBON. This, of course, if Sawson has no othor engagement on hand. Then we will know for a aortalnty whethor Smith is really a auddeuly developed phenomonon or only a youth who struck a temporary streak, of good luck. .. :. ,.,??. i. . ? . ( ? ? JOE OODDARD has not mado a very pood improoaion in tho East. As I intimated in my last he com menced a tour undor Billy Maddon's mauajjo mont aftor the Now Orloans carnival ondod, and all of tho pugilistic cities who bavo soon the Barrier rusher porfortn pronounoo him a ' dub.' I am inclined to think that thoy will altor thoir opinion whon they see him gloving for kcopu. Hard-hoadod Joe is not tho kind of follow to box in phii tights to slow mnsic. So as not to got ahead of my story I maot toll Sou that on bib arrival in Now York from low Orleans JOE CHALLENGED JI* COEDETT, and tho unlrorse inolnuotl, for COOOdol or 10,000dol aside, nnd tho largosb pnroo obtain able. It wan polntod out to Joo a day or two afterwards that ho had not pontod a forfoit, and ho immodiatoly Innucd tho followini; additional don i — ' Several sporting men who read tho ohaltongo I Issued baring insinuated that I failo.d to post any monoy, I wish to state that It was an oversight on my part, not knowing tho oustom of this country. Now I have posted lOOOdol with Eiolmrd K. Fox, and I stand rondy to arrange a niatoh with Jim Corbott, tho Champion of tho World, for SOOOdol or 10,000dol asido, and the largost purso tho Olympio or tho Couoy Island Alhlolio Olub will offor. Corbott, as tho rooognisod Champion of tho World, having defeated John L. Sullivan, tho holder of tbo championship, must dofond his title against all tona-fide chullongos. Tborefore, if he ignores my challenge, which in backed up with lOOOdol, I Blmll olaim the tltlo of Champion of the World, and stand ready to defona it against Fetor Jackson, whom I fairly defeated in Melbourne, ? Australia, or any otbor pugilist. I do not wish to drive Corbott to the wall, bnt I shall insist on his either fighting mo at any reasonable time or claim tho title. The above challenge is open for fourwooks.' ????:??? Having plaood his joint in the oven, so to flpeak, joe and Madden looked around for some niothod of . ; ? J ??'??? TURNING A NIMBLE DOLL AB, -,. and a three-night fiatio display was arranged to. take place at- the Ariel 'Club, in Phila dblphia. Goddard uudortook' to meet A DIF7EBKNT MAN EACH EVKNINO, and while he was trying to establish liiB right to be classed with Corbett aud Jackson, the mercilens critics got in their deadly work'ou him. His first opponent wav AN EX-POLICEMAN NAMED WILET, and, although ' Goddard sickened the retired pie-biter, it was flashed all over the 'country that Joe was a counterfeit; His opponont the next night was a colored Philadelphian, JOE ? BUTLEK: This is tbe way .' a Philadelphia papor described the sbt-to'i— 'Iu the first round Bnfcler wont at tho Burrior Champion in a way that meant business, and in tho middle of the round ho sont him sprawling- to the floor with a right- hand swing. Whon QoJdard got npon his pins tho oolored boy Bailed right in again, and in some infighting had all tho best of the exchanges, winding' up by smashing the Aus tralian on tho liosii, and cutting that momber deep enough to bo perceptible from all parts of the liouso. Both mea were docitleilly groggy at the call of timo, aud neither appa rently had strength enough left to make a dent in soft butter. ... ' At tho cull of timo for the second round Qoddard started in as though he meant to finish his mau in jig time, aud forced him to the ropes. Iu avoiding a swing Butler full, bnt was up aud at it in a momont. Qoddard mado a vicious swing, but missed,- and thon Butler scored a clean knock-down with a back handed swing. . ? ' Whon Qoddard got up the punching wis fast and furious, but there was little steam behind the blows of either mon. Goddard's superior weight, howurer, bogau to toll, and Butler was all but oat when time was called. The third round was in favor of Goddard, bnt he could not put Butlor out, although he would havo doubtless dono so hod not the round boon cut'short. 'At the conclusion of the bout tho rocep tion tendered Qoddard was auy thing but a flattering ono. . Billy Madden endeavored to make some remark, but could ' hardly maka himsolf hoard. Ho said in substance that in all his fights Goddard had shown great wil lingness to stand punishment, and that his star had never posoil as a skilful boxor. Any .body who witnessed last' night's performance would be perfectly willing to boliove it.' I can imagine poor. Josoph's feelings away thero among strangers, with his nose out deep enough to be seen all over the house, aud the best judges iu the'eouutry are telliig him that he waau t fast enough TO HEAD OTV A BnLLOCI TEiK travelling up-hill. His misery did not end with the Butler affair, howovor, us ho still hod a night to pro. His third and last oppo nent in Philadelphia was MIKE BBEUNAM, : . a California Irishman, who a fow years ago had to fight his way to glory under the name of ,tho Port Costa Giant. ' According to the Philadelphia papers, the orond which packed the Ariel Club on tho last evening was the largest ever soon thore, so that . ' ' JOE WAS OETTINQ THE STDTP even if he wasn't covering himself with glory. Breunan, ' it is stated, received whatover audible encomiums wore flyinir around, aud Goddard felt constrained to make a speech. 'Gentlemen,' -he said, 'I oame here' to spar, but I don't. want to spar. I want to fight. The ProEB wonders. how I ever boat anyone, but I have fought thirty finish fights ; moro than any other fighterin tho world, and I always fight fair and square.. It's British, English, and Irish blood which makes mo win my fights. [Whew L there's 'a combination. — W.W.N.] Tho Press seems surpriBod that I stayed . ? . ? . ?? - - ; .? ... ' . ONE BOUND WITH JAOKs'ON, but I tell you the day is not far distant when I will fight him again, and then' I'll show them. I've had my plans postponed by an acoident, and I am fighting 'undor difficulties. My arm is laid up. I oame -here to fight not to spar, and I am going to fight. Im not Bcienaed onongh to make a Bet-to. : I want to fight. I am tho : . .:?... : ONLY LEOITIMATE FIGHTER THAT ETIB Ibaoked myself in my, first fight with my own money. . I- paid my. own fare and my brother's. I have plenty of money, and I loft some over in Australia. I am not trying to catoh purses, and I am not bumming.. You oan imagino by tho rattled manner in which Joo spoke that, ho was hot under the collar. 'Anyhow,, tho. naughty boyB advised him to ' oheoso' and ' oomo off ,' s» he wont to his corner and put on'. his. gloves. The ?bout is described as being ? . ????'. OLOMSYANDCATTOHABLE. ? .' ' The scribes of Philadelphia said that Brennan made the better showing, that both men fell over thoir own feet' ropeatbdly, and that the whole aeanco was '' rank ' and 'positively painful.' Ono reporter; Bays' he hoard people after tho show condeniniht? the' Ariel Olub for having .. ._ .,_.'. ' . SUCH COUNTERFEITS AS GODDABb around. The roporter upheld the olub. He said that on account of Goddard'a reputation it showed enterprise in scouring- him. ' That he 13 a duffer aud cannot make a good show ing,' says the scribe, 'is no fault of the olub. It is Ilia own fault and Modden's mis fortune.' Now, what does all tbiB portend ? It seems to me that Goddard, as a champion, has fallen as fiat as .temperance tipple in this oountry, and, thorefore, what a hurrioane of astonishment will sweep across the prairies if ho gets a big match and lands it. If news paper critioism goes for anything, the betting against him when mated with Corbott, Jaok son, Sallivan, or Slavin will be something like three to one, and thon if ths Busher has got all tbo backing he saya he will havo a big chanoe to got ... ,, ,? . ? , , i -. . .. REVENGE AND-FBOFIT . ; , at one and the Barns' timo, dhd I am a great admirer of Goddard, and I think' he is dead gamo, and I fool euro ho will, givo ft Rood aocount of himself in any finish fight that he engageB [So do we, Go. Eevubke], but at the sumo timo I think ' ? ' .;.,'',. .C . :. ; ? BULLITAN/' '':.';;'.'.','? '.' ' ' ' is about tho only one of the big four Uiat ho has anything like an ovon show of downing. I would very much liko to soe blm SENT AQAIN8T BLAV1N, and thon if the Barrlor Boy qomoa out on top, Iwillaayj ' Good look to. you, old follow, I was mistaken aa to your qualifications, and it's- sot the first time by. many that I have' boon foolod.' Woll, Joo lived through all the adverse orltiqism ahoworod npon him, and took np the thamo ? of his Oorhett ohallongo when ho got baok to Now York, He announced In all seriousness that 'he would claim tho World's Ohampionihlpif Oorbott did not oomo to tonrm, and, aa far a« I oan learn, the dayi of grace having elapsed, and ho now oalia him. BOll THE PBEWEE FCQILIST Or THE WOULD. I don't think, howover, thore ovor was a time whoa tho old Shukespcarlau query, 'What's in a name,' was more applicable Joo'o assump tion of tho nugllistlo promlordhip will not add a dollar to his drawing capacity. Corbett will still rake in tho shokels, and the Amerioan sporting world will still maintain that YETEB JAOKSON is tho moBt daugorous man in the ring to-day. I cannot bub holp notioing that the mention of Juokson'n name has re freshed lny tuomory, that Goddard fro quoutly refers in torms of soathiug robuk* to tho maunor in which ho WaB troated in the Jaokson match in Melbourno. In ono plaoo I road that he olaimed he hod been BOBBED Oy A JUST DECISION by tho referee, who was a particular friend of Jaokson. How about that, ''Amateurf' FET_Krt JIAHER is onoe more on American soil, and thore is some talk of matching him with Goddard. Petor Jackson will oIbo be bonnding hither ward ovor ths briny in a fow days, oud he will also be ablo to wag his modest tougue in his own behalf. Hlavin, it is thought, will also hio him Now Yorkwardn bofore tho Hud son freezes over, bo that by tho time tho next big mail boat points her prow to Australia I hopo to bo in a ponition to 6tate that long suffering Joe Qoddard is matched, and has a chanoe to rindioato his character as a bruiser. . JIM OOBBETT won't fight for a year, so that it is lifctlo use of Jackson, Goddard, or anyone elso barking up Pompadour's tree. Ho made the reserva tion boforo defining tho extent of his oloso season that ho would givo Sullivan a return match if John L. felt that way, and that he would accommodate Charley Mitchell if Clmrloy carod to visit America. To all others Jim will bo 'not at home.' This being the cane, tho unemployed bruisora uinst neok other game than tho no-called World's Champion, aud I, for one, am anxions to Bee what combinations the pugilistio kaleido scope, will evolve. Corbett has a play oalled ' GENTLEMAN JACK,' in which ho is coining money. It is almost uniieootisary to say that ho in the horo. The moan mr.n of tho pieco is Charlio Switchell, an English snob of a fighting turn, who gets thoroughly woll larruped baforo tho curtain falls. Jim Daly, nf Philadelphia, wcb to havo impersonated Switchell, but Daly kicked bocanso Corbott' ? B1IOTE HIM TOO HARD in their exhibitions boforo the footlights, and now John Donaldson, wfco paid prou a. visit once on a timo, posos oa Corbott a animated punching bag. 1 rond a lottcr from Corbett a fow days ni;o, in which he remarked, ' I intcud to make all lean out of this victory.' No one can blamo him, and, indeed, Potor Jaok son, with whom the world at largo is anxious, to see Corbetfc matohod for the 'really' championship, admits that Pompadour Jim is entitled to rest ou his laurels and make some money ' IN THE SHOW LINE. At the same time the publio will begin to (thafe at the dolny, I think, if Jim insists upon starring for a whole.year, and no doubt Jackson himnolf, if leooini; an onforced sedoutfiry life, will be growing BLUE MOULDY FOR WANT OF A BATING. We are all on tho tip-too of expectation to hear what will transpire when Peter roaahos this Bide. His coming has not. been prepared by aiiy declaration of war, bo to speak, and, theioforo, whatever he has to Bay iu the Corbott connection will bo brand now. Tho Indications are that if Petor ohjsc'U to Uto length of Corhott's lay-off tho Bnstorn FrosB, or a big section of it, will uphold Jackson, and pressure will be brought to bear npon Corbott with the objoot of Rotting him to fore go a portion of his theatrical tour aud GIVE THE AUSTRALIAN CHAMPION BATTLE. Certainly whon Jim said that ho would altor his programmo so as to accommodate either Sullivan or Mitcholl ho opeuod tbo way for discussion as to why ho can't mako similar arrangements to suit Jackson. Anyhow, champions and intending champions are skittish creatures at the best, so that instead of figuring oa what nniy happen, I suppose, the best thing to do is to remain quiet aud lot things shape themselves. JOHN L. SULLIVAK is not by any means a doad cock in a pit. I ciean so far ns his ability to draw a big house is conoernod. Sully is on ths road.just now in his new play, to wit, ' Tho Man from Boston,' nnd one dramatic oritia went so far as to Bay that he is A LOT BETTER ACTOB THAN OOKBETT. However, John'B show is drawing like .'a. mustard-plaster, so that with a little business tact he will be able to put togother sufficient within d year or two to keep him comfortably in his deoliuing years. Various wild rumors have been ffyinjr around during the past fow weeks to the effoot that Sullivan had boon DRUGGED IN MIS BEOENT JflOHT, ????., and that he intended to challengo Corbett again. Sullivan declines to father the state ment that ho was drugged, but ho Is oxtroinoly non-committal as to uib intentions regarding another challengo. He Bays that bo may or may not ask for a roturn go with Corbett, and in the meantime Jobston, his principal backer in the past, states in an unequivocal manner that Sullivan haa not a ghost of a show' of reversing the vordiot recently returned at New Orleans. BILLT MULDOON, of Gnaco-Romaji fame, did not miss the ohauco of a bit of advertising while the after math of the Sullivan-Corbett fight was still pungent, Billy gave out thut Sallivan was very poorly trained for the eucounter, or rather not trained at all. That he was filled' or/with tho idea that ho had ' a pudding '? in 'JPompadonr,' and allowed to indulge ovory whim while at work ; that he waa, in faot, Baorified on tho altar of friendship. Mul doon proposed to take Sully in hand, back him with his own money, and send him ngainst Corbett in such shape that whan the battle was oror beacon fires would blazo on nil tho hills of Boston. To uso a alangy torrn, MuldooU's vaporings woro regarded as the purest' kind' of 'guff,' and evon John L. himself intimated that - IIS WOULD»!t ALLOW.Bn.LY TO HANDLE X LAME DOG TOB HIM,' therefore, the whole thing fell fiat, I must not forget to toll you that Corbett'B viotory over Sullivan proved an endless source of inspiration for poets of evory grade; Jom'B prainos were sung in every shape; and those who had no original idcaa in tho matter of verse-makiug produced every known speoimen of song from ' Tarara Boom-de-ity' to- the 'Sock of Ages.' I don't think I ever waded through such A SEA OP INEFFABLE TWADDLE in my life, but still the poem-jerkers will con fer a boon on tbo long-suffering oditora, for after tho wayt thoy (the poets) have gushed themselves into a tired condition over bravo Pompadour, thoy will surely havo no energy left to prato about tho boos and buds and babbling brooks that are annually libelled so muob whon tho spring comes round. Well, now, I guoss I'll lot tho big fellows go for a fow weeks, and tell you something about the smaller fry. First of all, it la my duty to chronicle that . ' ? BOB FITZSniMONB has boon,, and I believe is still, on the ror-d with, a kind of a rough and tumble drama, entitled, 'The Heroio Blaoksmith.' Bob doesn't rush out from the forgo in a dross suit, as Sully UBod to, and resouo a young lady from a runaway horso. Neither does be roolto tlioso linos anent tho spread ing blaoksmith troo and the village obeanut. Ho simply shoes an old oiroue bronco, epoaks a few lines in a squeaky voice, boxes a bit, aud gets bissod. Tho hissing Is poronnial, I think, iu Bob's case, for the American public willnovoc forgive him JTOB WHIPPING JAOK DBJIPSEY, Anyhow, tho play Is a frost, tho ghost hag ohronlo inSammatory rhenmatlom, and Bob ma to do something to keep tho pot boiling, Ho has fur a long time been holding out that hd wonld not fight Jim Hall nnlosa Jim oamo to 1881b, but olroutnstanoos alter oases, and BOB HAS AT LAfl* AGnflBU TO 00 IM beforo tho Olympio Olnb, of Now Orleans, In lfobruary, at oatoh wo!|[lita. Tho purso is 15,000dol., and Hall Is yot to bo hoard from. Ho is in England, and ft is not llltoly that ho ho will rofuso. I hopo that tho Australians will roally cot togothor thin timo, for, In common with othora, I am awoary of delay. JOE CBOYNSIU AND GEORGE GODFRBT box to a finish at tho Conoy Inland Athlotio Club on Ootobor 31. At prosont Joo is a favo rito at 100 to 70, bat I think ho is going to havo n harder battlo than his friends ininsui*, [.Joe won alright. — Ed. Eef.] ALECK GBEGaAISH AND JUABTIN COSTELLO meot boforo tho Conoy Inland Athlotio Olnb ou tho 23th. After thoir last showing it appears to mo that GrogEcima should win if tho fight is not stopped again. Poor old ' Buffalo' is not the man he was six yearc ago, by any means, and I think his days of usofulnoss as a fightor are ovor. There was a good deal of disappointment here at the NON- ARRIVAL OF DAN OBEEDON on tlio Alamedn. It is now stated that he will got horo' by tho Mariposa. Ifhooomes ho will bo Buro1 of a good welcome, and will not be long out of work. Men with reputations like his are protty well '' ' ' ALWAYS' IN DEMAND, ; ;?. ' bat the grass is very short here for any but ilrstraterii. ??') '..???? - ? ? '? ' ! ? TheNew Orloaus Club, as Iunaorstana it,» is going to arrange another .\, , DIG PBOGBAMKE OF FIGHTS . ? for Mardi Grastime. Tho Hall-Fitzslmmons matob.will be ono, . and I am urging upon my. friends iu.New Orloana-that they will do well' to got a go between ;. GEORGE DAWSON AND TOMMY. BYAN, ' of Chicago, I hope to have some OHunito newa about it next mail, but I must nay that from a litfclo iutorview I had with Eyah in Now Orleans, it looked to mo iis if ha was not particularly anxious1 to got at Dawsou. Somo people think that ? ? . ' CORBETT AND CHAJILIE MITCITELL will also be offered a matoh in tho next Now Orleans carnival,- and others ogam think that Qeorge.Dixon. and Johnnio Griffin, an(VGod dnrd and Slavin or Sullivan will bo soloctod. It .is' all 'fracssivork, howover, lind the only matoh offioially spokeu of is tho ?' HALL-FITZSIJIJIONS Ai'PAIB, ' '? Talking of Dawcon, I must (all yon that I had Georgo and his friend, Eddy Grcaney, up at one of our Pross Club receptions. Wo woro eutartiunin;. Lillian Kuasell and other theatrical and operatic notables, aud tho idoa struck us that it would be a good thing to give the ladies ... . . AN IMITATION BOSrNG:MATCH. George and Eddy gave a representation of tho Sullivan-Corbott go at New Orleans, and our lady guests simply wont wild with dolight. Tho great and only -Lillian Btood up on her chair to got a bettor view, and somo of our looal bollos assured md that tiioy will he wishing in tho future that the California Club entertainments were open to ladies. ' . DAWSON 18 DOING WELL hero. Ho has Boine nioe classes of pupils, and is moving in. a good circla. I introduood him to Harry Jewott, tho uawly-arrivou Australian aotor, up at the Prens Club rocoption, and thoy had a good old ohin about mutual frionds in Australia: - .... 1 think I have mentioned ?'???? ' '? SOLLY SMITH, the little hard-hitter from LoR.Angolcs in some of my formerlotters. . Well, ho recently went airainst ii haviV game in the C»lifornia Club. His opponent was GoorgeSiddons, aNow York fcathor-woight, and if Burge is entitled to be oalled Irohbark Jimmy, Siddons is worthy of being dnbbod ? qTJTTA PSBOHA GEORGE. Ho , can't deliver worth a cent, bnt, 'Oh, Mouimor,' bow he oan tako his (rrnel. Smith flogged iira around the atomah and head for 55 rounds, and the: affnir had. to .be stopped. It wasn't oallod.a draw, aud it wasn't called ' nto cohtost.' . It was simply unsatisfatory, for Smith couldn't finish Siddons, and Siddons oonldu't. finish 'Smith. Tho olub gave them 500dol. a'pieco out of a 2000dol purse, and now . BJIITH IS :iIAT0HED WITH VAN HEEST. Jolinuio Griffin' rooently whipped Jimmy Lyuoh in fivo rounds, at Consy Island, and now-; ';.-.; '-. ..?.'; ...'??' '... \\. :?'...:? 'BILLY MUBPHT 1 wants.:a go .at Qriffin.. He liolcod Johnni« before, and I think .... . ? JOHNNIE BEMEMBERS THE OCCASION sis ; . .' ?'? ,' TrNCTLY.' Johnnie wants'-to fight Dixon at 1201b, but Dixon names HBlb.. I think Grifllh will bavo to' tnrn his attention to Murphy, who says he is not particular 'to a pound or two, you know,1' ? i -? . ? Wo have a new club hero named ths . ' '-''.' ' '... ' PALO ALTO. : . ' ?'.. It has. the old quarters of the California Club, and seems to have startoa out woll. DANNY NEEDHAM AND JOE ACTON are the leading spirits in it. Its match this month -iU;be between. M'Caun, the Phila dolphia middle-weight, and the Blaok Pearl. Both havo been whipped by : - '?!, BBONYiHUED GEOBGE TUENEE. Turner has also a'fight on hand. It will take place in November at tho Pacific, his opponeut being Jim Williams, of Salt Lake City. ??-? ? '??' THE OALIFOBNIA OLUb'b match this month is. between Johnaon, .? an Eastern light-woiRht, ana uo'gro Bob Dobbs, who dofoatod M'Konzie. All the rhatohos in Bight, thprcf ore, ' are botween whites and colored' bruisers'. .. VBANE GLOVER, THE WELL-KOWN HEAVY-' ,,.,.. ? .; WEIGHT, . ,; ?? . diedrocontly in Chicago. Hia ailment, was oonaumption.- That ! rominds nio that.,, news has . boon received - of tho death of Diok Mathews in Now Zealand. We don't know, whether to believe it or not, as we heard of, Mathews fighting, at Jamacia reoently while onhii way to New; Orleans. ,.,; i The California Club hag boen under s . THE LABII OF. PUBLIC 0BITIC1BM . lately, owing to some crooked' work boihg dis covered amongst its directors. It was proved that one' of them had boon taking commis sions, from fighters for procuring matches. The offender was let out of the directorate, and -everything .will vgo. smoothly-., in that direction. It looks, however, as if tho onco famous olub is losing its grip. Certainly \- '. ??' ' CHEAP AND NABTY MATCHES Beem to bo the rule now instead of important contests,' aa in days gono by. ; . — W. W. Nauohton. ' Did.' anyone' ever notice a somewhat peculiar circumstance which often crops up regarding the Melbourne Cup and Derby ?' says Vagrant. ' I mean the fact of the ?letters in the names of the winner ofton corresponding in number : Commencing in '61 ,1' find that Archer and Cainden were, successful; the noxt year the winners were Archer and Barwon j Lantern did both tricka in 1884 j thon enme The Bard nnd. Seagull, the double to BrieBis, Chester, and Grand Flaneur ; Tho Assyrian and Navigator were the fortunate pair in '82, then Martini-Henry, Jlalua and Bufua, Trident and Arsenal, EuBign and Dualop, and now we have'Oamoola nnd Glnnlotb. This aydtem of baaking wiunors is juat about as succooaful and sensible as many that- are aore highly thought of. The only infallible systoin of winning money on tho turf 1b to back all the horsea ill- tho race on tho nod and forgot to pay up after the event for those which did not win. Dreadnought's sorvicos aro being largely availed of thta sosison by Hawko'e Bay breeders, and tho Hon. Mr. Oi-mond is not likely to havo to regret his purohoae of the son of Choator and Trafalgar. Pony owners are notified that ths noxt mooting will' be held at Bd'tany on Tuesday nftomoon, November 22. . 