Stage Gossip. Miss Ada Behan, the American actress, is writing her memoirs. The book will contain an account of several interviews with the late Lord Tennyson. The death of the distinguished English dramatic reader, Mr. Samuel Brandram, is announced. He was born in' 1824. He obtained some reputation at Oxford, and was called to the bar in 1850. His bent, however, was not in that direction, and sub sequently he took to public reading. By many he is thought to have left no equal in his line. A two-act play by Guy de Maupassant, the popular French novelist, who recently went mad, is talked of for production at the Français. It is entitled " La Paix du Foyer." Miss Lois Fuller, the American lady who originated the serpentine dance, recently made her debut at the Folies Ber0ère. She was engaged at ¿6340 a month. An English contemporary remarks that the practice of " tipping " gallery boys in order to secure applause is still rampant. It is to be imagined that the practice is not wholly unknown in Australia. " Fedora" was not to be included in the pro gramme which Sarah Bernhardt arianged for her recent visit to St. Petersburgh. The Russian police don't care for realism. Mrs. James Brown-Potter's return to the States proved an event of exciting interest to the staid Puritans of New England. After having shocked Boston with her dramatic monstrosity, " Therese Raquin," the fair histrion started forth with Mr. Kyrie Bellew to shock the Presby terian towns of Massachusetts. The lirst objection came from Salem-Salem of historic fame-and the Mayor threatened to revoke the licence of the IOOHI Opera House unless four aldermen should see the play, and pronounce that the virtue of Salem would survive the representation. The four wise men made the journey, and the radiant Mrs. Potter received them. So radiant was she that they declared her an incomparable actress, and vowed that everybody in their native village should see the " exquisitely chaste scene," in which she strips off her clothing piece by piece before the audience, until she appears in the simple robe de nuit. Mr. Stetson, her manager, was wroth with this mayoral interference. " What's wrong ?' he cried. "No limbs are shown; everything is most delicate." "It does seem strange,". said Mr. Kyrie Bellew " that Salem, with its witchcraft traditions and its grisly story of Hester Prynne, should object to the production|of a psychological study." Mrs. Brown Potter vowed that she would play " Therese. Baquin " if ' she played it in a barn. She conquered, and the Puritans fell before her artistic charmB. She nightly gave the disrobing scene. But New England was shocked, and a local ciitic said that the situation recalled Mrs. Brown's promise that when she became a professional actress she would elevate the stage. Amusements in Sydney, though remarkably few for some time before Christmas, may be said to have come in with a iush in con nection with that festival. They are in gi eat variety too, ranging from Shaksperian comedy to comic opera, equestrian entertainments, re presented by two big circuses, and minstrel and variety shows. The sample of Shakspere is " Much Ado About Nothing," while the time honored Christmas pantomime is produced at two theatres. At the one it is associated with the nursery classic of " Bluebeard," and at the other with a story equally dear to the juvenile reader, to wit *' Red Riding Hood." On " Hallow e'en" the popular Scottish vocalist Mr. Robert Kennedy, son of the celebrated ex ponent of Scottish minstrelsy, the late Mr. David Kennedy, gave his entertainment of " The Songs and Stories of Scotland " to an audience that en tirely filled the Princes' Hall, London. Signor Barracchini, a well-known manager and eccentric of Naples, died recently. He had seen the boards of his theatres, " The Valle " and " The Metastasio," trodden by whole generations bf illustrous actors. Antonio Barracchini was an enormous man, a second Falstaff, and of late years took to spending his days in the box office of the Valle, with his large hands spread on his knees, his red face bent over his ever increasing body. There, in the little dark room, he watched the sale of tickets, conversed with artists and reporters, and saw his fortune growing steadily larger and larger, until it reached 6,000,000f. Every evening, in spite of his aoe, the manager satin front of his theatre observing and controlling everything. This mode of life no doubt affected his health. The evening before his death he was as usual at his post. On Sunday he retired to a private room, and not returning as usual was sought for and found dead. Macready accumulated a vast wardrobe. What became of it is a question which has lately been raised. It seems from his diary that on his retirement in 1851 he disposed of 25 of his dresses to the manager of the Hay market, Mr. Benjamin Webster, receiving for them the very moderate sum of ¿6100. The only memento which Macready preserved for himself was a portion of the lace from the Car dinal's dress in Richelieu. The order of the Holy Ghost, worn in that character, was given to Mr. Phelps. The whole dresB of Virginius, with the part was given to Mr. John Forster, the essayist and biographer, and the scroll of parchment which was used in the second act in the betrothal of Virginia is in the Forster collection at South Kensington. The white hood worn in "Philip Artevelde" was pre sented to Lady Pollock, and the dagger to Charles Dickens. The ultimate destiny of the greater portion of the wardrobe is not now known, for it is hardly to be hoped that it still forms part of the " properties " of the Haymarket. Recent English papers to hand report the death of Mr. T. B. Appleby, who as leading comedian in the Dunning Opera Bouffe Company, waB favor ably known some years ago to Australian play goers. 