Miscellaneous. From our English files to hand we take the follow ing interesting items : — The Prince and Princess of Wales visited Windsor on Sunday, and gave instructions as to the final rest ing place of the body of the late Duke of Clarence, which will be removed to the royal vaults beneath St. George's Chapel, where it now lies. The Queen has conferred a Dukedom of thel/nited Kingdom on the Duke of Argyll. Hitherto his rank in the English peerage has only been that of Baron, and he voted in the House of Lords as Lord Sun dridge. The Duke of Devonshire delivered up to the Queen the Badge of the Order of the Garter worn by his late father. The exceptional number of deaths in the six weeks ending March 10 has caused no fewer thau 30 vacan cies in the order of Knighthood. Some original drawings by Cruickshank were sold by auction in Loudon. The 24 designs for ' Oliver Twist' fetched £140. The last of the old mail coach guards, who has been in the service of the General Post-office for 55 years, and is now superannuated, has received a retiring testimonial, consisting of a mail-guard's silver watch, a portrait, and purse of gold. The Women's Property Bill, which has been read a second time iu the Commons, is intended to prevent the wives of the artisan class, including the labourer, from pledging their husband's credit for articles not strictly necessaries — such as dress, jewellery, furni ture, books, and pictures. The annual sale of the Queen's purebred short horns took place at Windsor. A bull which had carried off many prizes fetched £1000. Great alarm is felt at New Romney, on the Essex coast, by an encroachment of the 6ea, the land being flooded for a distance of two miles. The rat pest in Cheshire is again causing trouble. They swarm in such numbers that the people are afraid to enter some farm buildings. The mice plague in the South of Scotland is spreading. From time immemorial a horn has been blown at night during the winter in Bainbridge to guide be lated travellers in the forest. The blowing has just ceased for the season. The 'Oxford Ghost,' which had caused some sensation, has been found out, and was nothing more alarming than a frolicsome undergraduate, who manipulated from a distant window a string, to the end of which a walking- stick had been attached. An heiress, 17 years of age, daughter of a wealthy banker residing in Kent, eloped with her father's butler. A curate mysteriously disappeared from Gloucester. He was engaged to be married, and had taken a house, but he recently received from his intended bride a registered letter containing her engagement ring. This is supposed to have preyed upon bis mind. After a search he was discovered at Hunting don. A countryman whose head came in contact with a street-lamp while riding ou the outside of a London omnibus has been awarded £70 damages. The Bankruptcy Court has decided that Miss Knowles, who was awarded £6500 damages against a matrimonial editor for breach of promise, is to re ceive 20s in the pound. A husband obtained a divorce in London with £1000 damages and custody of the children, a blotting-pad having been used as evidence against the wife. Iu another divorce case a dead man was one of the co-respondents. A spinster, 49 years of age, has been awarded £5 for breach of promise. The church of St. Nicholas, Rochester, was par tially destroyed by fire. The cathedral, which was in close jiroximity, was for a time endangered. A fire broke out under the flooring of a corridor of Dublin Castle near the state bedrooms, but was quickly subdued. Sixteen valuable cows were burned to death at a farm fife in Cheshire. A fire destroyed the residence, in Edinburgh, of Professor Copeland, the Astronomer Royal for Scot land. The only way of escape for the professor and his family was by means of an extemporised rope of sheets and blankets, whereby they descended from the bedrooms. The engine-driver of an express between Gloucester and Cheltenham, finding the signals against him, stopped at Churchdown station. On going to the signal-box the signalman was found dead. A boiler weighing three tons exploded at Burnley, and travelled through the air a distance of 40 yards, falling with a tremendous crash on the roof of a public-house, only one person being injured. At Bow an infant, while lying iu its cradle, was so severely bitten by a rat that it died. The Queen sent a telegram expressing sympathy with the sufferers from the fisbing-boat disaster at Newfoundland. The boats were blown out to sea during a blizzard, 43 fishermen perishing, while some of the survivors were so frost-bitten as to be maimed for life. A lady committed suicide at Southsea, she having lost a large sum by the stoppage of a building society. A young gentleman was sentenced to nine mouths' imprisonment at Sligo for stealing various articles from houses at which he was a guest. 'Mrs. Gordon-Baillie,' who, after one of the most extraordinary careers of deception on record, was sentenced to five years' imprisonment in 1888, * has been released from prison. ' Eight schoolboys were remanded at Croydon charged with setting fire to a haystack to warm them selves. Before a burglar could be captured in Paris he had fired several shots at his pursuers, killing two people who happened to be in the streets. A young Frenchman who eloped from Paris with a girl, after taking £40,000 said to have belonged to his late father, has been traced to London, £15,000, so it is said, being found concealed under the floor of the room he occupied in Bayswater. As the French law does not permit parents to prosecute their chil dren, the mother of the prodigal can only proceed against the girl, who is iu custody charged with being an accomplice. Berry, the executioner, has sent a letter to the Home Secretary resigning hia position as ' execu tioner for Great Britain,' because he was not per mitted to use what length of rone he desired. The police are searching for a gardener who lived at a lodge in the grounds of a large house at Black heath over 20 years ago. The mail's wife mysteri ously disappeared during his residence there, .and human remains have recently been discovered beneath the floor of an outbuilding. A youth left his home in Mexico a few years ago telling his mother sad sweetheart Le would return from the mines with a fortune to provide for the one and marry the other. A story was circulated that he had been murdered, but the girl, disbelieving it, re mained single. Not long since, a strange young man called upon the mother and professed to be able to bring her news of her sou. A man in love with the faithful sweetheart secretly informed the mother that the mysterious visitor was none other than the mur derer of her son. In a fit of fury the mother stabbed the visitor to the heart, and committed suicide ou finding that she had killed herdearly -loved son, who, for fun, was concealing his identity. The man who had thus brought about the death of his rival was lynched. There was a regular blizzard in London ou March 9, and snow fell heavily in many parts of England and Ireland. Thirteen degrees of frost were regis tered in some parts on March 7- The weather was equally severe in Paris. There was a hard snowstorm in Jerusalem, a very unusual occurrence. Six travel lers were frozen to death during a snowstorm in the Pyrenees. A famous temple in Ceylon has been entered by burglars, who earned off gems and gold valued at £5000. Twenty persons were arrested. In a Bohemian village a couple were married on the same day that the bridegroom's parents celebrated their silver wedding and his graud-parents their goldeu wedding. As a man was about to fill up a grave at Rfchepeu he hoard a movement iu the coffin. Being alarmed he ran for assistance. When the coffin was broken open the lips of the supposed corpse werestillmoving, but death ensued in a few minutes. Great excitement prevailed in Seattle, Washing ton, two Adventists having induced the people to believe that the world would end on the 29th March. The official reporters in the Ottawa Senate intend henceforth to use the phonograph in place of short hand. An Australian has just left London with, the inten tion of making an effort to swim Niagara, in attempt ing which feat Captain Webb lost his life. Mrs. Morri3, an old lady living iu Llanelly, South Wales, has just celebrated her 101st birthday. She has only been out of Llanelly for five days during the whole of her life. She is now getting very feeble. A furniture broker, named Jonas, who has just died at Chester, had 33 children ; Mrs. Jonas, who survives her husband, having had twins 15 times. 