SPELLING REFOltiz. Salient Points of the Orthography Bill Now Before Congress. The Fiftieth Congress is considering a bill to: "aan amended authography," which pro vides for a simplitiention of spelling. The bill prescribeo that it shall lobe iteent open all toe Echoole Ot the Territories and theos of the Diatrict of Columbia, and upon the Mili tory and naval eacdemics and the Indiar and colored sochool in the Territories. II declares, furthermore, that any oitlcerecheol director, committee or teacher in control of any school derctibed in this act, who ehatl refnee or neglect to comply with the require ments of the act sholl be removed from ofiee. The bill begins by ceectisg that 'the !ro lowing amanded ortlhogrphy shall he re* cognised 0s correct." The orthography rc ferred to is grouped under the following twelve heades: First : The slttnt e shall be dropped when phoneticatly uceleso, as in are, granite, eaten, rained, horken and on forth. Write or for ce, as in theater meter, Eaber and Eo forth. Second: Drop a from ea,having the round of e, as in feather, leather and o forth. Third: Drop ofrom co, having the sound of e, as in jeopardy, leopards and so forth. Fourth: For o having the soundofawrite n in above (obuo), dozen, some (oem), tongue (tuno), nd the lobe. Fitch : Drop o from ou, having the sound ofan, so in journal, nourish, rough (rut), trouble, tough (tel), and the lihe. Sixth.: Drop atlnet u after g, beford a and in native Englith oords ; droe fiul oe, as in gunranteo" guard, guese, guest, guilt and so torth; apologue, catalogue and so forth; dematogue, prdagogue and so forth; league, barsngue, toosue (ouog), aod so torth. Seventli Double consonants shall be aim* pliued. Final b, d, g, n; r; , t, I, z, as in ebb, add, egg, inn, purr, butt, bailifl, dull, bozz, and so forth. Medial before another consonant, as battle, ripple, written (rrito), and to forth. Initial unaccntled prelixes, and other un accented syllables aso.in abbieviate, accrse, affair, and so forth; corvetting, traveller, and 0o forth, Eight: Change d& and ed, final, to I when so pronounced, as in crossei (cros1), looked (loott), and so forth, unleso the e atteots the preceding soond, as in chafed, chanced. Nitith: Change a to : in distinctive words, as in abuse, verb; house, verb; rise, verb and so torch. Eleventh: Deep i in caith, witch, and so forth. Twelfth: Changethe aellingin the follow. ing words:: Ake,(aehe). anker (anchor), boouty (beuty),e coli (could). whole (hole), parlament (prtliament), receit (receipt), rime (sbyme), esens (reent), Eithe (cythe), wimen (women), yomen (meeetn) ; crop silent b in bomb, crumb, deht, doubt, dumb,lamb, limb, numb, plum, subtle, succumb, thumb; change o back to a in cinder, elpece, fierce, hence, once, p00ce, scarce, stnoe, source, thuner, tierce, whence; drop the h of ch in ehamo mile, choler, cholera, melancholy, school, etomalh; drop g in leign, foreign, sovereign; drop fin aghast, burgh, ghost; drop gh in haughty; though (tho), through (thre);strop ain aisle, demesse, iiaund: Procided, That the toregoing rules sholl hot apply to proper names. Aced frovided fcrdier. that where ambiguity wotld result from the uoe of the said rules the old form may be retained. "I am a strolling player," groaned a seedy looking fellow to a gentleman on a country road, o" and do not ask for money, but only some left-off clothea." " My good fellow," rejoined the latter "I am sorry I can't assist yoo. Times are now so bad that I wear my left-off clothes myself." " Ity daughter Ann takes a great interest in seathetiee," observed Briggs so Squel. dig. ." She coold just put you to sleep talking about high art. 'Iasee," replted Squaldig; " mslhetic Ann becomes an anucsthutiesi IMltaud (reading tills o1 picture): "'A Hunt for a Leech. What kind o! animal do you suppose a lecoh is, Clara)" Clara (doubtutllv): 00 Oh, I don't knows something like a fox, I ehould think," Alarmed pedestrian (pieking up a painter at the foot ofa ldder): " My poor man, are yoe hart mocht" Painter: " Only three ribs broken. Bet I went down with colore flying, didn't 1?" Wife (looking up from her book): "Yon know a greet many things. Jehn. Now what do yeo think should be done in the case of drowning " Hosbhrd: Have a funeral, of couro.'" MIrs. Arlington (just married) " The gooca liver you left here yesterday was excellent. Let me have another. Boa of the same geose, miod. My hurband is very par :icular." He (at a very lato hour, with deep trnder neon: "*How cant Ileave then 1" She: "Why, really, Mr. Smsyer, I can't tell you. I wish to heaven I coald." Icamma: "Edith, crn you tell me what faith '1" Edith (aged six years): " Oh, yeu; it is believing what you know isn't true L" She (vindictively):"Yoe need not hope to osoape me thuc. Tne wounded heart never forgets. I ohall follow you to year grave." . b tIE (with bravado): " Not if yon die first." The world is not a racecouree or a battle. field or a prizr.tghl. Itis a plcin which eash man io given his ewn sphero to occupy arid his own duty to do; and if that' ephera he occupied honorably ondbthat duty dons well. every man is undoubtedly a victor and a " fit sarvivor." To be able to endure honest and kind criticism rrqnirrs quite as much-wisdom as to be able to imake honest and wise criti elem 