THE MERCURY. . ? I ? ~ I HOBART: SATVItDAY, M Ay SI, 189Î. -» EPITOME OF NEWS. Green Ponds shooting match postponed till Saturday noxt. Meeting at Campania to-night to arrange for a ploughing match. Longley Road Trust nominations duo on Monday noxt. Holebrook and Railway Olubs open foot .ball soasen this aftornoon. Railway and City clubs play football match on Queen's Birthday. Result of smelting Maestri oro at Zeehan for past week is 10.250oz. of "silver gross. Handicaps for Richmond Queen's Birthday sports appear in this issue City Bind gives sacred concert at Exhibi- tion-building to morrow evening at 8.30. Nubeena, s.S., makes three excursions to Brown's River on Quoou's Birthday. Monarch, p.s, makes excursion to Now Noifolk on Quoon's Birthday. Amateur artists aro invited to exhibit at St. David's schoolroom in July. Trains run to the football ground this afternoon at 210 and 2.50, returning at 4.5 and 4.30. Applications for appointment of secretary to Council of Agriculture invited by tho President. Nominations for Town Board of Bellerive rocolvablo up to 4 p.tu , 27th inst. Polling day, 4th June. The shorthand class at the Government 'Technical School for lady students meets on Monday evening. Mr. W. D. Peacock is arranging for trial shipment of Tasmanian fruit to India. Ship- ments to Sydney, per s.s. Oonah, on the 27th.' S.s. Taranna will make nu excursion to Brown's River to-morrow nftornoon,.should tho weather prove favourable. A lecture will bo delivered by Mr. Russell on the objects and aims of the Co- operative Irrigation and Mercantile Society at the Working Men's Club on Wednesday evening next. Important discovery of alluvial tin made at Port Davey. Yolla steamer, specially chartered, left yesterday with party bent on securing first rights. Nubeena follows this evening. Tin quotation, £9G 5s cash. 'The Wellington tramway strike has ended. Money becoming a glut in the home markets. Mr. Gladstone temporising with I ho eight hours' labour ndvocatcs. , , Bullion silver market still slightly firming. Prcsont quotation, 40 3-lGd. Tho Hoods inAmorica havo caused much damage and loss of life. , ' Queensland Executivo lifts passed new re- gulations for Polynesian Inborn' trade. | (Second \ ¡llago sottloraent in Victoria formed at Horsham. Terribly severo hurricane at Mauritius. Half of Port Louis devastated. Sugar crops destroyed, ships driven ashore,, many lives lost. , Mr. Thomas Sexton, M.P., has moved for rejection of the Local Government Bill in Houso of Commons. Deeming's lawyers havo requested Socro laiy of State for tho Colonies to instruct the Governor of Victoria to stop the execu- tion. Lord Knutsford has rofused to intorfoio. Steamer Glaucus, from Newcastle to Molbourno, has picked up a fisherman who, in his frail boat, had boen buffeted by wind and wave for three days. IF it be true, á?. we have seen stated, that one of'the objects of the two Ministers of this colony, who are now taking their walks abroad is to try to revive and augment the power of Federal Council, they are engaged in a commendable but, we are afraid, a hopeless task. Seeiug that Federation is dead or nearly so, aud is not at all likely to be revived to any useful pur- pose for some years, the rehabilitation of the Federal Council appears to be desirable. It is true that it exists at present and will meet, we suppose, in due course if only for form's sake, but it is not what it might be made, and what it would be made if reason prevailed instead oflocalpiejudice. As it is, the Council performs a very im- portant function. It affords a means by which the colonies can come to- gether and act in conceit, should an urgent occasion for doing so arise. The absence of New South Wales from the Council is, of comse, fatal to its influence and usefulness, but the time.may come, and come suddenly, seeing how rapidly events develop in these days, when the Parent Colony may bo glad to solicit the co-operation which she has so steadily refused to give herself up to the present time. There is a cheerful gentleman, who claims to bo English, but is said to bo French', writing in a Belgian paper on' ^lie British Fleet, mid ho has roundly declared that if Great Britain - does get into a war sho will not have moro than twenty-four hours' notice of t.. ;-." ..'. s vii.i i tho outbreak of hostilities. Indeed, ho goes so far as to write a sort of naval "Kattlo of Dorking, which is begun through a quairol between English and French sailors during tho visit of the British fleet lo Cherbourg, and in the course of which the said fleet is at once knocked into what is called a cocked hat by tho superior power of the. French. Wo need not trouble ourselves about this talc, which is " full of sound and fury, signify- ing nothing," hub wo may note the opinion, gathered from wisor sources than tho writer's own, that the next war will be swift and sudden. This is, certainly, tho characteiistic of modern wars, as the French found to their cost, so that wo in these colonies may understand that tit is possible that a very sudden emergency may arise. In such a case it would be ñecessaiy for the colonies to act together. Their safety would lie in unity of action. Thoy would bo com- pelled to at once consider their posi- tion in a manner really serious, and cease forthwith to play at federal unity as they have done for some time past. In such a case, a case which is by mo means an improbable I one, it is possible thatNew South Wales would bo compelled to unbend, and ask the other colonies to act with her. If çhe did not, if in such circumstances she still maintained her isolation, she would be a traitor to these colonies and to tlie Mother-Country, and there is no .disgrace which could bo cast upon her which she would not deserve. We will even go further. We do not hesitate" ""tcPsliy that in such a case, whatever could bo done by way of coercion, whether directly or indirectly, by the other colonies with the aid of Imperial forces should be dono.becauso the question would be as to the com- mon safety. Assuming, however, that in such an event the folly of New South Wales would give way to pru- dence and patriotism, the Federal Council would become at once the most important body in tho whole of Australasia. The erring aud captious sisler would, no doubt, receive a welcome from those whom she had scorned, and thus the colonies would be able to act as one, at least so ' far as defence was con- cerned. It seems, therofore, most desirable that all that can de done to strengthen the Federal Council should be done, since no one can say by what sudden emergency it may becomo of the utmost importance to the welfaie of the whole of these colonies. It has been said many times that independent communities never unite unless to provide against a common danger. It is war or the fear uf war which brings them together, and only by actual fear of an enemy con the repulsive elements be neutralised and overcome. A ' quite recent wiiter, Mr. E. JENKS, who was a professor in the Melbourne University, where he failed to agree with anybody, has emphatically declared this to bo the only means by which these colonies will be united. In his book entitled Hie Government of Victoria, which, wo suppose, will bo read by someboy curious in colonial matteis, he makes a very fair shot at the weakness of Federation as attempted in Australasia. He says, " If the Australian colonies accomplish Feder- ation under existing circumstances, they will succeed in an experiment for which there is practically no pre- cedent in modern times. All through uiodéïn history theie has been one and but one determining cause of political union between communities physical force, or the fear of physical foi ce. . . . The determining cause, the dead lift over the hill, has always been force, or the leur of it." We are not sure that a careful considera- tion of the facts disclosed by history would bear out this sweeping state- ment. In fact, some of the examples cited by the writer himself will admit of another interpretation than'llmt which he gives to them, but thore can be no doubt that fear is the most potent foice by which to overcome the local prejudices and follies which so olten mar the most caicful and the wisest plans of the thinkers in a com- munity. It may be doubted, for ex- ample, whether fear was at the bottom of the movement which ended in the formation of the Dominion of Canada, not to argue about the Federal Union of the United States, so that wo need not absolutely despair of the victory of prudence, forethought, and common sense1 in these colonies,1 even though no enemy thundeis at the gate, or hovers atout ready to pounce down upon us. i < It will be well to remember, how- ever, that we may have to face a common danger, and for this reason we shall do well to keep ourselves as ready as possible for common action. This one fact alone affords a very strong reason why we should do all in our power to make tho Federal Council as strong as possible, seeing that it is the only common legislative body that exists. There are, of course, many other reasons why wo should make as much of the Council as possible reasons not derived from fear, but from the very nature of the relations of the co'onies to each other. Coimnon sense, that rare commodity in public as in private life, teaches us that our interests are bound' up together, and that we aro fools indeed when we set to work to quarrel directly or in dheccly with each other. Unhappily, many persons have got into their heads the fallacy that what " is true as a matter of reason may not be true as a matter of action, and it is for this cause that a Minister told his son to go forth and seo with how little wisdom the «orld is governed. We may hope, oven though the hope be but a faint one, that New South Wales will some day seo the folly of the course that she has pursued, with- out being frightened into reason, and that she will at least agree to federal action tlnough the Council, if she will not have an actual Federation on terms which the other colonie-, can accept. In the meantime, if Messrs. FYMI and ChAitK .ire on a mission to the fedeial heathen, wo wish them success, though wo cannot say that we look for much. ¡THE corrootion which wo pub'ished yester- day in the Agricultural Stitt sties, was a very important as well as a vciy p'easant one. In our review of tho lint report v e expressed our ns'nniBlimcnt at the low averrge yioltl of wheat, as it was ¡u such opon contradiction of the numerous reports we find received, all of which wont to show (.itit'nj, «i t .1 lI i 1 that tho soasen had boen a mo:t faviu.-ablo ona for that crop. Indeed, as our rcidtrs may have obsrived, we were hardly alio to believe the fig lues supplied, for they demonstrated that «hilo in n fovv districts tho average j icld had boen vory high, iu the larger number it must havo been abnormally low. Such a slate of afiairs appeared to bo so surprising that wo could not do other wiso (han call epaolnl nt'ontion to iff ns something which required explanation. \\\ p find now, hqvvovor, that instead of the average y ii Id of wheat being the low est" on record for some years, it is tho voiy highest recorded for a docado at hint, tho highest for the ton picvlous youie having been in 1882 3, when it was1 20'27 bushels to the acre. Tho nvoi ago yield for tho year just past was, it now appeals, 22 30 bushels,1o tho aire, ceituiuly a splaudid return, and winch will make the year Btsnd out promi- nently ns a successful uno in fin min?, though BO disn-nl in some other respects. Tho total yield, insteud of being 581,035 bushels tor tho whole of tho districts but titree, is now sot down at 844,035 bualuls, which is quito another stile of affairs. There is, it eccins, an abtoluto in oreaso in tho lasb year as compared w ltb the previous one of 352,984 bushols, which will go far lo supply tho defh iency in the quan- tity required by the population, to which attention has been so often cillçd. If we assume the population to be 150,000, reckon- ing visitors, mid tho consumption at the rate of Gi bushels per head, tho toUl quantity required will be 075,000 bushels. Tho actual tlrfiucncy may, thor, fore, be set down at 131,000 bushels, which is very l.mcli less than in mest previous yens. Tho wonder still is, however, that if our farmers can grow so much, why thoy cannot grow more, and so make the colony self supplying in tho matter of wheat al all events. THE opening of the football season of 1692 takes place at tho Risdon rect cation ground tliis afternoon, aud tho initial movements mo fraught with considerable ¡ntcicst and importance Practically speaking, the seu Bon begliiB in Hobait uoprly threo weeks behind tho other colonies, but the delay has boen J oui.asionstl by circumstances over which tho Association had no control. It is satisfactory to record that the season will statt ausspicuously, ior tho demand made by the trustees of the ground has been met and settled, and on this point credit mnst bo awarded tho officials for having so strongly and pioinptly established the indc pendevco of the Association. The efforts put forth to pive tho way for a piospcrous year have rosultcd in a manner that 'givos cause for congtaluliition, and all that is now rciiuircd is1 to ptugo the game of its evil siuioundiags. Tho butting ovil'should be contended agiinst with a strong hand, for it cannot be denied that this has been one of the most serious tcmptitions thrown in the way of players. Wo hopo that thoy will seo the urgent ncccsiity of gi.'ing tho bojluiukct and gambler a wide berth, and for their edification wo cannot do better than quote an extract from tho last annual rcpoit submitted to the Victorian Assooialion by Mr. T. S. Marrhall. Ho sajs :-" The betting clement hud not b.cn so much in cv idcuco last season, but they could not shut their cyr s to the fact that there was still far too much betting, not only among followers of the caine, but among players ns well. It was a serious matter for a pluj er to bet stall, but when ho betted heavily ho should at once become an oljcol of suspicion to his club matts. Tho bookmaker, howovor, was tho man they had most to dicad, and, that being so, steps had been talton lust season to prevent hin, pl)ing his avocation on any of the footba'l nserves. Pure football omi betting could not co exist. One had to go. Which was it tobe?" With ovorylhinghapplly arranged the season of 1S92 common.CB in tho most favourable circumstances, and with the assistance of players and the publie it bids fuir to once molo occupy its position in the athletic woild as uuiougst tho best and healthiest of pastimes. A ctJmous remark was made at a r.cent meeting on the subject of the opium traffic in China, a remark the more s'gnilicunt be- cause it was in ide without its full forco being, apparently, nndcistood. Ono of the speakers, a gentleman who has resided foi many years in Chini and has had great ex- perience amongst the . people, said that they could never hope to do any good un1 ii they sent missiomrics of such abilities and lovrning as th.;t thoy vvcie able to cope with the Chinese. There lins beon a great deal of discussion at times abort the missions to China and what they have and have not done, but this ia tim first lima that »vc havo seen acknowledged what appears ti bo the main defect of most of tho missions to Ilia eistorn races. Tho missionaries, as 'a rule, of course we do not includo all, aro not mon of gicat abilities and learning, so that they aro un- able to, deal effectually with the neu te pcoplo whom they seek to convert. Bcsidos all this, thorc is the difficulty which ariscs,from the impct fe.t knowledge of the language, but ' the real trouble appears to bo the want of mon fitted to am wer the subtle objections of the natives. For, both Indians and Chinese nro'mo't nenin metaphysicians. Many, of them are used to considering problems which aro beyond tho ginsp of most Kuropeans, a fuot which accounts, no doubt, for tho slow pt ogress that is made in their conversion to Uhristhnily. At all events, the rein irk which wo have lofcircd to came from one vv ho knows well what he was speaking ubout, and who, certainly, is no foo to missionary enteiprlso. WE aro pleased to leam that the full patronago of the Government of Tasmania has boen accorded to the proposed Tasmanian International K\hiuition, The provisional sfcrclarioî yosterday addressed the Govern- ment rt questing pet mission "to use the Royal Arms on the prospeotus and nil printed documents connected with the Exhibition, with tho words 'under tho, imme- diate patronago of J the Government of Tasmania'" This privilego was at once accordod, and in an official interview which Mr. Just had with the Treasurer yesterday afternoon, the bon. gentleman stated that Government would be prepared to allow every rcatonab'c privilege which it was within tlitir power to grant to advance the interests of the Exhibition, The prospoctuB of the Association ¡B now in type, and will be issued imiifdiatfly. To ensure suocoss the publio have only to All up and forvvaid their opplioatious for shares with as little delay as possible. SUMMARY VOR EUKOI-K-Our Letter Home, containing a record of tho events for the past fortuight, will bo found on the fourth pago of this issue. Ourt Sow'j.fcwi- M to-day contains: Marine liaurd of Hobart, City Police Court, Sporting, Football, Launceston, Mining, .Stock and Share Market, Country Newn, Our New York Letter, Notes ami News, Mr, Irving on Theatricals, Aincricau Women, Testing tho Standards, and Advei tisements. , P.T. AIITILLLHY. - Au advertisement appeals in another column ordering a liutstci at the Banaoks for a church parade on Sun- day, the 22nd inst.; notifying that tlicio will not be any drill on Monday ovei in¿ ; ami ordering a parado at the drill ground foi Tuesday, 24th inst., in honor of tier Majesty's Birthday. TOWN OF BIIXKIUVI:,-Mr. Kelwin Jacobs, who has boon appointed Returning Officer for tho first clootlun of moinbois of tim Town Board of Bullorive, noiifies that nominations must he sent in to him up to 4 p in. on the 27th instant Tho election will take place on the 4th J une proximo, ' i VIOE-RKOAL.-HisKxtrllciicythcGovornor pii-potcs paying n vh.it to theSli-jits Inlands at nu curly date, mid application has been tindo to tho Launcoiton Marino Board toe Iho uso of the tug Wybia for tho trip. METROPOLITAN DllAINAtlE BoAKD.- Wo le.irn from Mr. 1'. C. Just, the secretary to tho Metropolitan Drainago Hoard, that pro ccpts vvoio yraroiday ÍBBUCII lo the several local authorities, under -tilt) 13th BeOtion of tho Act GG Viet., No. 27, calling upon thom to pay thoir rospoctlvo aontrlbutions-on or before tho 1st July next. Tho list of con- tribution« appen rod in our report of the pro- ceedings of tho li .'ard publishod on \Ycdncs day last. STUD STOCK-Messrs, Riborts mid Co., of this city, ahipptd 7i> stud' Shropshire» on' n*o mit of Mr.' R. Bat wick, of North IlriiJgovvator, by the B.S. Oonah, which left hero for Sydney, last night. Iho animals aie miller the otra of Mr. P Otpvvood They vvoio placed in the foioholil of tifo vessel.' und appeared to be comfortably pmvided f..r. Mr, Alfred' Rent! also Brnt by tho simo steamer a tiio of prizo Sl'vrr Ham linrgh fowls, These hirds wcro first piizo taVeia at tho last Poultty Show. The eoi.keiell is a 2yr.-old bird. They havo bean sent tu order. Tvwioru IN CATTLE. - A vo'orlnary surgeon of long experience in the treat _m ut_of horaoH und cotilo in New Zealand1 "(Mr. A*. Hamilton) has informed n "reporter from the 07a,'/° Daily Timen that ho has* made what he believe» to bo an important discovery. From timo to time he has had to tient cows for what ho boa no doubt in nothing lees than typhoid fever., Typhoid fever waa very prevalent in Dunedin öfter' the close of the Exhibition, and of tho identity of the fever tho COVVB sulTcrei from with typhoid as it develops in human' beings Mr. Hamilton has no manner cf. doubt. The symptom», ho says, arc similar, and in each caso the fever has run the well dtfined course of typhoid, «hilo tho BUCCOSS of tho treatment purouod supplied supplementary evidence of some vuluo regarding the corroo: ness of the diugiiosis. Tho milk from Iho fever stricki'.u aows lie observed was extremely poor in quality, and ho compared snniplos of it with healthy milk under the microscope. The hoalthy milk presented a smooth, oven surf co, the milk ce'ls boing regulir in flis-o and form ; but/ tho unhealthy milk showed a bi-cken Burfuce with uneven cells, some em ill and nome very )nrge,and noir tho largo celia there wcro microbes which presented tho appearance < of sëctiom of fine twigs. These" Mr. 'Hamilton boliovcs «oro tho niictobes of typhoid. A samp'a of tho milk WHS cent to Or. Couglitroy, of Dunedin, who found it to contain bacilli, but was unable to eiy that they wo o typhoid germs, and,did not i egurd tho matter as important, foi- BO far as he was avvaro they did not differ from what was usually found m milk. Regarding the matter as an interesting ono, we-lmvo submitted tho report of the discovery to Mr. Archibald, Va\k, M.B.C.V.S., who has long been investigating tho naturo and iltvelrp ment of typhoid and other bacilli, and he docs not think Mr.' Hamilton has dhno much to establish his case. _ Rinderpest, Mr. Park cays, is the only discaso in cattlo at all np proii'-hing typhoid lesion» in the' human subject, »ntl lint disease ia not known in tho couiiiiy. The probability is that it is some othor'lcsion notjyot accounted for,'nud there is ulcoa oansitlerab'o amount of psorospcrmia in New /ioitluntl cuttle, judging from their uppoiiranoe.l ' 'Moreover, Mr. Park , states tint if ,tho cattle were BOI seriously ¡Iltho fir t thing would bo tho completo' arrest of tin milk-flow, aa tho oow could not secreto milk whilst suffering from such a serious diaeose. . Plcnro-pueumouia is tho only d'aeafio in w'hiuh thcro is a' gradual diminu- tion of milk, and a cow in the last stages of the disease will ykld quito half a pint, pro vid ii, -of course, she is in milk when attacked, but in oil other inflammatory diseases thcro is an entire arr.st of the mammary secretion. Whoever may bo right in this matter wo cannot undortako to any, hut it seems to bo very necessary that a committee of scientific exports should bo appointed to oonduot thorough investigations, whenever thiBti doubts appear. HOIURTFIUE BRIOADI'. DÉMONSTRATION. Arrmgitmcnts for this demonstration, which takes piuco on the 24th} ins t., includes com- petitions between the Hobart nnd Laun- ceston llrigado«, commencing at 2 30 p.m. There will bo the usual illiiminatinu of tho Fu o Boll tower, commencing at 0.30. At the torchlight procession tho Hobart, Laun- el eton, and Lansdownc-crcsoent Brigades v\ ill Btnrt from the l'iro Bell station at 7.30,. and trovcrao tho following route : Hathurat street to Harriugtoii.str<.ot, down' Harrington-streot toMatiqiiaric-streot, down1 Mucmiario-ttrcct to Ehzabolh-Btroet, np Hliîiilioth-Btrcct to Livorpool- itreet, down Liverpool-street to Argylc-strcet, up Argylc Mrcot to Brisbane- street, up Brisbanc-Btrect to Eli/jiboth-streot, down lilizabeth-itroot ta Liverpool-street, np Liverpool stroct to Murray-stioet, up Murray-atreotto BathnrBt Btrect to Fire Boll station. A display of fireworks tit Fireball station will commence at 8.30 p.m. , PEPPERMINT BAY FLOWER Snow.-A finit, flowor, and vegetable show in con junction^ with fancy work will be held at Wi odbridge, Peppermint Bay, on Tuesday next in aid of the Building Fund of the Wnodbridgo Institute. The s.s. Cygnet will leave tho whui-f at half-past 10 o'clock in the morning, culling at Little Oyitcr Covo, and returning ut 0 o'clock in tho evening. The Federal Band hus I oon cn gug d to play selections during tho coureo of tho day.' > ! / -, HUONVILLE;-In our Huonville corro ep mdcut'u lotter publishod yoBtorday credit is givon for the design and exoaution of a in nuinont in momory of the lato Mr. David Boll to Mr. Watson, .{ of Franklin." This is an ovidoat slip of tho pen, tho monu- ment being tho work of Mr. Watson, of lliirriugton-streot, Hobart. ; CAMPANIA PLOUOHIN« MATOK.-A moot- ing is to bo hold at the' Campania Hotel at o* o'clnok this evening to make arrangements for holding a ploughing match in the .(Hü- ll ¡ct. Faunors are requested to attend and discuss the proposal. ELLENDALE Sroivrs.-Tho handicaps for tho Ellendalo sports havo boen published, mid Mr. B, Zelley sectus to have done his work very well. Acceptances, according to udvortiscment, uro due on the 22nd, butas this data happons to full on Sunday it tray be presumed that tho usual courso wjll. bo followed when such mistakes aro made postponing the dato of dosing to i the Mon- day following. GREEN PONDS SHOOTINO MATCH. -An- nouncement has beau made that tho' luutli enp shooting match arranged for to-day,at Green Ponda has been postponed until next Saturday, when there will bo a money pri¿e offered for competition. LONOLKY ROAD TRUST.-Nominations of lindholders qualified to fill tho oflico of trujtco for the Longley Road District havo to bo sent in to tho chairman before 4 o'clock on Monday noxt, Tho election has b;en fixod for Monday, tho 30th inst. ?. j NEW NOUI'OLK.-Mr. LOUÎB H. Brien, Professor of Dancing, announces his inten- tion of conducting a general dancing' class in New Nor'olk commencing next Wednes- day. Thoso wishing to avail thcnuolvcs of that gentleman's tuition now havo an oppor- tunity of doing so. INSECT PESTS.-A lectura will bo delivered bythoRov IC. H. Thompson, tho Government Entomologist, on insect aud oth-r pests, at Port Esperance, this ovoning, at1 half-past Ï o'clock. , , , CHURCH PARADES.-A parado of the mem , hers of tho Southern Tasmanian Artillery aud of the Tasmanian Rino Regiment" will bo hold to morrow afternoon at a quarter pist 2 o'clock, for the purpose of attending Divine ecrvico. In each case tho men will assemblo at the Barracks in reviow order, with sido arms. BAND CONCERT.-The City Band will' meot to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock in the Barrack Reservo, when a number of dioico selections will bo rendered. SALVATION ARMY GUAKDS BAND.-An- nouncement is malle that this musical com- bination will give special music al the Town Hall to-morrow morning mid evening. Also on Monday and Tuesday-afternoon »nd oi ening. PROFESSOR HUGHES CONCERT, - At tho benefit concert tobo given ProfossorHughes at tho Tcmperunco li all on Monday even- ing next, a young lady violinist from London will make her Iii st appoaranco in Hobart. Hinii STREET IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. The usual weekly meeting of this Society was hold on Thursday ovoning. Mr, Kerby gavo an interesting account of his trip to England and back, Mid at tho cloie a vote of thanks, pioposcd and seconded by Messrs, G. W. Ifo and Riohards, was carried with acclamation. Messrs. Hawkin«, Edwards, MorriB, Richards, Crisp, l'alfieyman were Humiliated as candidates for the " Mock Election " noxt week. SALE OK GUTS.-A salo of work and gift3 will bo held in the schoolroom of the Trinity Church, Church-street, on Wednesday and Thursday (June 1 and 2), in aid of the debt upon tho now seats. FOOTUAI.L GUIDE - Wo have received from Mr. F. T, Androws a handy little Football Guide and Register, 1802-3, which contains much information and useful records, as also the laws of the Au-tralasiaD game of football. . _, . .. ' i a;.. ^"Ciiîiiôll SunYJCKS -The folio« ing church soi vices ïiro announced for lo'-moirow :-'. Wcshyan'Churoh- Molville-Btrcet, U a ni., Rev. J. B. Harcourt, B.A.; 7 pin., Rov, D. 15 Rridgovvood. Davoy-stroet, 11a.m., Itov.l V. li/' Hri(1gownod¡»7 p m.,' Mr. JJ liiiliariU. lligh-strcot, 11 u ni., Mr. Ifo,' Brown'a Uiver, 3 p.m., Mr. Johunsou. Lansdowne orescent, 7 p m., Bov, J. TI. Tuckfhjld. Memorial Church-Uov, G. W. ? Sharp-will conduct wbrshlp to-morrow, at 11 and 7 Congregational Chin ah, Davey. Btrcot-Diyino ccrvico by, tho Rev. Gcorgo Clarke,morning, 11 ; evening, 7. ChalmorB Church -Rev. C. U. Talbot, morning and | ovoning. St. Andrew's Chinch-Rov. Dr. Scott will conduct services at 11 a.m and 7 p.m. i-t. John's, Macquorio- strcct-Rov. 1, Jf. Mcintyre will proioh morning mid evoní ing. Hob ut Tabernacle-PiiBlor McCul lough will preach morning and avening. Wosleyun Church, Now Town, Rev. J. Cope will aindiiat i-erv oe in tho morning, and the Rev. W. R.'Cunningham s«rvioo in 'ho ovoning. At tho Chrlst'nns' Chap I, Collins street, Mr. \V. Donald! on preaches at 7 p.m. , (jiU'itoii OF ST. JOHN Tun BAITIST, GOULBUIIN STltbET.-The musical portion of to-morrow'« services will include-At matins, 11 o'clock, Te Deum »nd Jubilate, Cunottin V. Evensong, 7 o'clock, Magnifient and Jinna Dinutlts, Hoyle, in 1! Hat ; anthem, " The Lord is ' my Shepherd, I shall not want" (Macfurron). ST GEOIIOB'S.-The c llcotiins to-mo-row morning and evening at St. George's, Battery Voiot, mid at St. Stephen's, Sandy Buy, will ho in aid of the G noral Church Fund. Eriscoi'AL LKCTURI.S.-The BMinp of Tasmania will deliver tho first" of a »cries of ^ix lesturcs on "Chu,oh Hi-tory ",in St, David's schoolroom on Monday , evening next at 8 o'clock. TUKVTRE ROYAL -The Gaiety Burb-squo Company continuo to havo appreciative audiences at the Theatre Koyil. List night the farcical ,comedv Borrowed Plumes and the burlesque Lurline worn repeated, and in both the artistes gave a g-od account,of themselves. Moro especially was tint the I case in tho burbsquo in. winch Mr. J. I Wilkinson caused no omi of fun ns the Seneschal, The character alfords scope for somo good burle quo ucting, an I lie makes the most of it, keeping the audience in constant merriment. '1 ho singing of MUs Amy Johns and Misi Alica St. John wnB loudly applauded, and Miss Lily Forbes lends p'easing variety to the entertainment with (hcr graceful dancing. To-night the bill announced is lull of n'trictions of the ininslicl and variety tvpe. Ou Monday 'evening Messrs. St* John and Wilkinson will produce tho celebrated Anglo-'Dutoh drama, Struck OU. This piece was originally introduced to colonial audi encos by M r. J, C. Williams m und Miss Maggie Moore, when it .lind a most phciiomeml run In Melbourne Mr. Willhm con suhecquontly touring with it throughout Hie colonies and icilising a small fortune, Tlio, drama dowls with 'incidents in the American Civil War, and is by tunis p»tho|ia and lumoious. Mr. Wilkinson's into pretalion of the old Germ in cobbler,' John Stofel, is spoken of 'as a highly meritorious performano". Tho drama per- mits of the introduction of soi oral musical ¡torrs, of which full nd' autago will bo taken. ' On \\\ cdnesday tho company pro- duce the great IriBh di ama, Colleen Baton, and on Friday tho Ticket of Leave Man will be staged, MUSICAL -Tho appearance of Sifinorinu Alico Kcbot'uro, tho celebrated Italian prima donna, ai Messrs. Arnold and Bar- ney's concert nt the Temperance Hall on Monday evening, Msy 30, should provo a potent a'traction to all musio lovers. The Mercury, in noticing her first appearance here four years ago, says, "Signorma Robottaro, who made her debut before a Tasmanian audience in the tillo role of 'Lucia,' possesses u very sweet and well trained vo'cc, exhibiting rcma-kuble flexi- bility. Her you:h, pa tonal oharms, and graceful gesluris, L,ive her every advantage. Î ho audience wore caplivited by the con- clusion of the second act, whore, vie must admit, elie acquitted hcisclf very perfectly, awl gavo her quite an ovation ut the con- clusion of tho mad sccuo" PAINFUL ACCIDENT.-Alico Butictt, aged 15, residing in Lower Collins-strcot-, received surgical treatment at the General Ho>pital yesterday far severely crushed fiugcrs. It appears that the got tho digits fixed m the machinery of a ni ingle, und vvl on her hsnd was extricated it vvus found Bhe was suffering from iho injuries meulioned. Dr. O'Brien attended her. THE VICTOIUAN TIWASOHY.- The Herald «ays :-'. The tale the Troasuior will have ta tell whou the budget is brought down will not be a pleasant one. The liistoiy will bo doleful, but he will be ab'c to conclude with promises of m brighter futuro. A heavy d licit has to bo faced, and the circum* stauccs that have led up to this aro not pleasant to relate, hut the oilony is by nature buoyant, and the expectations of the Government are that the turn of the tide is at hand. "Ihu fset remains that the year will closo on the 30th June next with a deficit ot something like £1,500,000, and very dectrivo notion is regarded as necrstary te prevent tho further augmentation of tins enormous amount. Now taxation und i cdu> ed expenditure constitute the lemedy proposed, and it remains to bo seen how fur these will meet the deficit the first your. It is satis fictory lo leam that notwithstanding this stale of financial depress! n, th it the Government do not consider it will bo neces- sary to place a further instalment of Tri asm y bills on the market. They Btato this process of buying money need not ho lesortcd to again, and they refer with satisfaction to (ho improving condition of the London market, und tho again advancing value of colonial securities. Tho interest due on loans amount, ing lo over £750,000 has bcon provided, and , ns matters now stand tho Trcasuiy can, net " withstanding,the deficit, meet all (lenmnila. The Munro 'Government obtainid autho- rity last session to' float £0.000,000 in threo ycaily instalments of £2 000,000. Nono of H this'money h'as yet boen floated, BOJ that ti o Government ciiu at any moniont placo £2,000,000 on tho mai hot. Tho rix million loan'is'quito indorjondent of tho provisions of tbo^ Treapury liohtls Act j but had tho wholaoL'thi,two million provided for in the luttei bidS'pl iced it cou'd ha» o been rt-puid out,of loan. As it is mt, howcvir, pro-| posed to float the remaining million of bills, the Uoverlinunt will wait a favourable op- portunity, to placa the first instalment of the £0 000,000 loan on the London market AV lum this will bo done has yet to bo de- cidid, but'the TreiBiirer is now wa'ching closely the indications offered by E iclUh quotations. " HKAVY I'jioBATE DUTY.-Tho Victorian Government eocm to bo in luck's way just now. The anticipation that inorcascd tariff dutiis would bo imposed led to heavy ^CuBtoirs dutiçB Icing paid, and hist week upwards of £21,000 vvus lecsived in addition cs^ probate' duty under tho will of Mr.1 Arthur Miller. Slnco thon the solicitóla of the late ûlilmman Mnubray handed in a cheque for £17,030, icpresciiting tho contri bution of the de:cased gentleman to tho rcvonuo of the coun'ry in tespeot of £182.780, which is found to be the not value of his ostate. Tu« CONDEMNED MAV IN HIS CELT,.- The Melbourne Herald says -William», or us ho still prefers to cull hiimclf, " Biron " Swanston, is changing a good deal as he is ironed in his cell waiting for tho week to pass by and for death to come. There is now none of the braggart about him, and though he admits all thin CB charged agaiust him with cxtr mo and unneoeBsary readi- ness, ho it oontinually mcdititing upon the awful character of his end. Yesterday he made frequent references to the fact that ho hud ISBS tian a week to live before his body would be buried beside those other murderers who hare bcon consigned to tho earth within the walls of the gaol. Ho pays coneidorublo attention to the Rev. Mr Scott, and is thoroughly quiet and Obedient ia every respect, but tho alteration in his de- mi anonr has ltd those who BOO most of him to exp ess the belief that ho will die an utter coward when the Bcene on the scaffold comes to bo enacted. So far as " confes- sions" are concerned, it it extrcme'y im probable that any new information «ill bo forthcoming from the pen of tho prisoner, or anything further than that ali emly pub- lished. At tho same time it is not impiob able that he will reiterate what has already been published when the sheriff asks bim to " Say what you havo lo say now, and GoJ 'have meroy on your soul " CHAMPAOS!' -During tho ptevulenco of influenza in London, the run on " pints " of chiunpjgno is saul to luvu boon exti i ordinary, tho faculty having rccommendctl this very pnlpab o specific to thó moro weal hy of ih'ir piticnts Tho total de- mand of tho vvorlu for c'mmpiigno is about 22,030,000 bottles annually, a demand which can he rotdily met ft r BPIIIO yors t> como from tho sur piles held m stock in the vast cool collars at RhoiniB, where ono noted firm alono keeps a standing reserve of 0,0(10,000 bottles. The wino cent to Russin mid V*- Francois usually charged with 14 to 10 per ^ cent, of sugar candy, whilo that for tho Erglish markot contains only a half per cent., or ii purely natural. AN UssiicoESSiruL Linui, SUIT.-In tho First Civil Court, at Mo'bnorne, on the 17th hist, uti action by Frederick T. Brown, a mombcr of the firm of Lamrock, Brown, and Hall, of Benalla and Melbourne, against Patrick Cunningham, a ratopayir, of tho' Shiiobf Benalla, for tho recovery of £500 damages for alleged libel, WBB dotorm'nod by Mr. Justieo Williams and a jury of six. The alleged libol waa oontuimd in a b ttor written by tho defendant and published in tho Benalla Slaiulard, which it was «aid im p'icd tint the plaintiff, nhÜBt acting as Folieitor for the local Council in ra'ooiBOB, did BO for tho pu p so of getting money from poor ratepayers without doing any wotk then for; lint lie, was avaricious anti grasp-, ing in demanding Iho amount ti, costs to which ho was legally entitled whon npnoir ing OB solicitor against n ratepayer who" waa ullcge.1 to bo poor and a widow ; lint he was guilty of improper couduot and rapacity in his capioity of aolicitor, and that he WOB not a fit and proper person to bo chosen as legal adviser of the Council Aa tho riau'l of tho publication of .tho letter, tho plaintiff suid that he »us injured in his credit and repu- tation, and otherwise damnified. J'ho de. fence was that the letter published was true in substance and in fact, and thora was no malice or unfair comment. Tho dofendunt also anid that prior ,to the month of July, 1891, the matter of the recovery of raten WHS the subject of much discussion in tho Yarrawonga Shire Council, during which ono of tho councillors said that it was only | putting ratepayers to needless expenso in employing solicitors in such catas. It was alco asid that' snlicitors fattened on the cases, which could bo taken in hand by tho rata collector. On seeing the', report of the Yarrawonga Shire Council's proceedings, the (lefi'iidant wrote this letter to'thn Ben- alla Standard, recommending tho matlor to their consideration. In answer toqti'Btions the jury, after some deliberation, i-uid that the alleged libel was true, that tbore had bten no libol, and that the words contained ?in tho letter were fair comment. The jury I were also asked what damages, assuming that the plaintiff wis entitled to tUmngus, they wruld allow, and they said one farthing. His Honor then entered judgment for the defendant, willi costs. JUE TOORAK HEIRESS.--The question of the guardianship of the infant Kathleen Purvoï Macpherson ii before tho Sup erne Court, Milboume. The) application arises out of n suit by the child's next friend, Miss Eliza Hum», against the Uoion Trustees Co. of Australia for the administration of tho eslato of tho late Rob'rt Charles Macpher- son, of Toorak, lind is for the appointment of n guardian of tliBohiltl, who hy reason of auch suit bconmos a ward oftho Court. The child is a'llitlo over three yeirsold, and is tho only daughter of Macpherson, whose widow married Goorge William Barton, noplr w of the Acting Premier of New South Wales. MIB. Button died in Englund last December, and by a codicil to her will had appointed G. W. Birton gturlian'of Kathleen. Mr. Btr'on returned to Australia last month, and, desiring to go to Sydney, was informed by his legal advisers that tho child was a' ward of the Court, und' could not 'i-o taken out of the colony, Subsequently'ho'took the child 'to a grand aunt,1 Miss , Hume. From thence she was taken to the- house of Mr. J. L. Purves, who refuses to 'give her up to tho atopfathcr. Mr«.1 Purvoi is a step fister^of the child's futlier, who Jeff property amounting to £70,000, devolving upon'tho ohiltl upon her attaining 25 years of ago, ' A COSTLY TOY.-A young, woman got udgment last week for!200 in tho.Molboiirno Cotin'y Court as tho result of a shooting accident. The phiintiff/Kmlly Feathorcton, residing witli .her father, a contracter, at S'unhnps street, Malvern, s night to reoovet £500 dnrmges from -Arthur Smith, plumber mid _ga«fitter, of Chutch-strcct, Richmond, for injuries inllioted on her through tho defendant's negligence in allowing his little son to have in his possession a loaded gun. Tho plain iff was met at a party ,by a young min named ,Tohn Colline, who requested hör to pty a visit to his mother, who was raiiding with the defendant's wife at Church-street. The pltintiff accepted tho invitation, and had dinner at the defendant's house. After the meal was over tho plaintiff and the defendant's little biy vi ore 1- ft alono in tho dining-room; and tho former heard the latter ask his father for a rifle. The defendant then went into his bedro-un and brought out a pra rifle, which ho handed to his son. Shortly afterwards the plaintiff was pasting nno ot the rooms for the pur poso of reaching the' water tap, when sho saw Iho boy pointing Iho rino in her direc- tion. She had aoarccly time to utter a cry of protest; when t ho weapon went off, and tho bullet entered her right foot at the heel. Strangely clough the bullet ooultl not bo found. The defence was that tho dofendunt did not siva tho lillc to the boy, that it was not loaded, that there were nocirt rldgcs in tho hnuso, that tho weapon was ,untitted to discharge a cartridge, and that tho plaintiff was not invited to tho houso of the defendant. John Collina stated that ho had tried to fire off tho rifle ainco the nlb-sctl occurrence, hut it would not go off.. Some- thing was broken in the brecon. Ho denied that ho hud iuvi'ed the plaintiff to visit Mr. Smith's house. In giving judgment in favour of the plaintiff for £200 and costs, Uis Honor said it had been stated that tho defendant had made away with his pro- perty, und probably if ho pavo judgment fur any moro elie would not bo ablo to recover it. SPECIAL SETTLEMENT IN NEW ZEAIAND. Tho Wellington correspondent of tho hylltl ton Times writes :-" A critioism on tho spccinl Ectlhment returns lately published lins disturbed some few minds hero, und has probably boeu disseminated far and wide. It wes to the effect that tho 1,741 Bp'oinl eettlemont «electors with their 34,000 acres aro like tho famous men in Buckram (1) be- cause only 100,000 aeree can bo proclaimed in any ono year under the'Land Act for spécial Bottlcmeatpnrposes ; {2) because tim applications are nearly all either bogus' applications, or applications whiohnhavn been talked about and pigeon-holed. I have made some inquiries, and I find that' last year and this, year some 200,000 acres, havo been proclaimed, and that the applica- tions aro not only genuine, but that tho applicants oio ull-clamouring tube put in' posacaaion. As you know, however, surveys cinnot bo mado at fivo minutes' notice, and' the law does not compel residence on limb lands for two years, From these facts it is absurd to deduct that because the whole of tho 1,741 Bettlers otc not now on tho land, the whole thing is a * fraud.' It is in fact,, the most solid bit of settlement which I.us ovor boon attempted in New Zca'nnd, and itl will bo carried through, in duo course, with- out any breach of the law." AILOST, OPPORTUNITY.-It ¡B related in the " Life of Robeit Fulton," by Thomas W. Knox, that a tradition was handed down among all tho Bailors who formed tho crows of tho late Great Eastern that her ill-luckl was duo to tho circumstance» that two vv ritmen wcro walled up alive in ono of tho cellular spaces, which were BO distinguished a feature of her structure. Tho story goes that on one occasion two of the workmen becamo intoxicated, and crept into ono of tho uncompleted spaces referred to. "While they wcro sleeping off tho offeots of their carouso tho pluto to completo the cnclosuro of the space was put into po-dtion, and riveted down, and thoabsoucc of tho men was not noticed or accounted for till sovcral days had passed. The ghosts of theso victims of their own drunken caroless nesa aro fluid to havo haunted the ship, and their follow-workmcn predicted that when- ever tho Great Eastern should be brokon up two skeletons would bo found in ono of tho enclosures of that enormous cellular tissue, where they have laid and boen transported wherever the vessel has gone." Tho great ship is now non eut, and the public, through negligence or unbelief on the part of the literary sensation-mongers, has apparently been cheated of a goodjitcm of excitement. LADIES' JACKETS.-Mr. W. M. Williams announces that ho having had a most success- ful salo of Jackets and Mantles this season, having sold out his three Eng- lish shipments and has justbonght in tho Melbourne market another supply which will bo shown THIS DAY. The parcel consists of navy and black sorge and cloth threo-quartor jackots, trimmed with beaver fur and ABtrachan, which has been tho popular style this winter. Ha also has BOHÍO very nico Tudor Capes in plain and checkod materials, also plain and sealetto Dolmans and Gapes, and n parcel of Feather Boas which ho is soiling at 10s. lid. each. WYNYARD, TA8VIAM*. 2Ö/2/02. MESSRS. CARTER AND WERNER. Silt.-With rospoct to glasses you sond mo, thoy could not ho bottor. Thoy suit mo splendidly. For focus and clearness I havo never looked through «itch a pair of glasses. You aro at liborty to nso my name as roforonco.-Yours fnithfullv, A. W. GRAHAM, M R.C.S.E , LS.A, London, (formerly HOUBO Surgoon, Hobart Hospital.) MR. WKRNUK will test Bight for spectacles daily at Messrs. Hinsby and Olowor, chomiats, Eliznboth-strcot. Difficult and complicated caaes in'i ted. Pamphlets f roo. D.M.iiNi!»», grarncsi, and othor lmporfoctlons of the hair will bo regarded as Inexcusable, aftor a trial of Mm.. A. Allen's World's Ilalr Heiterer. Bold by ChotnlatB and Perfumers. ' 