HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS SQUESTION? Note; whidr s ihe' worse-to hase sio appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner fr your appetlie? There are lots of-people on the one side or the .other of this question.. Whena good digestion waits on, appetite. and health on both." that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his ineals: But most of ns aro.not blessed'in. that way; we either have too much food withoutan appetitco or a vigor. 'hos- a ppetite' .withniut-enough; to satisfy it. Different- folkwilL answer this question dif ferently, yet the coinmon.sese. of it is thiat, within reasonable limits, it'is better to have in appetite without dinner.' because. short of the st.irvation line, a hungry mai is a healthy mn;p_ whereas a man who; ought to eat and doesn't feel like-eating. stands in need of " altertions andiepairs." To illustrate. - We recently received a commnmication in which 'the writer says," I w.s afraid to eat." Did' he fancy his food was p..isoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? Let'him clear the?mystery himself. He ays.."'Tn the year 1889 I changed my work froemrailway porter to signalman.." I hadbeen signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, did' not feel myself. fy. mouth tasted bad, so 'that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavor ; the palate, to put it in thatway,;appeared to have nothing to say to them., One thing wak like another and' none. was good.-m My tongue was coated and fn?red, with a dark line down the middle and yellow' for mround it. My breath was' offensive anid my apie tite poor, with pains through, the, chest and shoulders, which werealways right before I had eaten, anything, .Then I was greatly trnobled with wind.. It would gather so it felt like a ball inmy'throat and act.as if it would 'choke me. - We cannot wonder that under these:cir cumstances ?ur friend failed to do jistice fo his meals. ' He adds that there wais what ie calls." a pricking sensation" athifs heart,as. though it were touched withl some sharp. i.nstrument Then,. again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which. was so severe that the sweat rolled off.him. " I dreaded," he savs, "the thought'of eat ihg, and'manya scanty meal have I made, for I was afraidto eat." "After a time I'got into a low, weak, ner vous condition, and felt miserable. as if' something was going to happen,. and this cansedme to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of "something. going.to happen." is, of course, the fear of some calamity., such as the loss of his posi tion, his own death, or the death of somebody. dear to him. This was due, as he intimates. to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer). his unstrung nerves, and to the brain eiifccbled by lack of nourishment. The nightin this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a rest less and ungoverned imagination. "' With great difficulty," he says," I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family dependinh on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. 'I am sure no one has sanffered so much as I have done."' In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is. always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbor's pain. There is a countless: multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him, he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own havihg been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife." he says. "got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaffs, in Waodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I shoild like the whole worldto know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Companyfor eleven years. (Signed) " GEoGone hnT, "Car Bottom Road, "Apperley Bridge. near Leeds." We poblish this by Mr. Hunt's desire; in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 