A GATHERING OF SPIRIT UALISTS. The following is an extract of a gathering of Spiritualists in London on the 30th May, and is taken from the London Daily News. It will be observed that the name of our town elurk is introduced, ami that Bendigo is re ferred to os “the onco notorious,” (Why “notorious"?) Tho journal named asks—Who is Mr. George Spriggs? In some cars, doubt less, the query would sound extremely irre verent, but then, ns wo have long since beard, a heedless world knows nothing of its greatest men. Mr. George Spriggs, then, is a gentleman who is peculiarly gifted in the art of introducing pcoplo to the spectres of their departed relatives ond friends. In other words, ho is n spiritualistic medium and medical clairvoyant of remarkable powers. In former years ho was a shining light of tho “Cardiff circle,” a Welsh spiritualistic so ciety, but more recently his address has boon Melbourne, Australia. These scanty bio graphical facts wc confess to having only re cently become possessed of. They were gathered in tho course of some speechmaking at a gathering of true believers which was held last evening at the old house of Mrs. Tussaud’s waxwork models in Baker street, to welcome tho great medium on his arrival in this country. Another fact also became clear in tho course of the proceedings, and j that is that Mr, Spriggs docs not return homo alone ; but, in the company of another distinguished spiritualist, who, however, does not appear to lay claim to mediumship, in the person of Mr. W. D. C. Donovan, a gentleman who occupies “an honorable official position” in the once notorious city of Ben- I digo, in tho colony of Victoria. Tho hall of j tho Portman Booms was not full. Tho pro ceedings began with musical performances. Those sewed as aim effective introduction to tho appearance of Mr, Spriggs, who was rap turously choored as ho presented himself on the platform, accompanied by the gentleman who acted os chairman and one or two other persons, among them Miss Florence Marryat, tho novelist, ond daughter of Captain Marryat. First of all, tho chairman, an cldery, benevolent-looking gentleman, roso to make a speech. This gentleman is on en thusiast, and, like other ardent spirits pre sent, ho wore a piece of red ribbon io tho form of a cross in tho buttonhole of his even ing dress coat.' At tho outset of his remarks he had to announce that the meeting was to some extent to suffer a disappointment. Mr. Donovan, who occupies the honorable official position at Bendigo, was unable to ho present on account of indisposition. All honor to him, said tho chairman, for ho had diligently sown tho seeds of tho now gospel on tho other side of the world. But it was to Mr. Spriggs above all that their welcome was ex-, tended, not merely because ho was a spirit ualist, but also because ho was endowed with no ordinary modiuraistic powers. Tho chair man concluded by reading a little address of welcome. Mias Florence Marryat seconded the motion. Mr. Spriggs, she thought, could not have come at a time when ho was more needed. Spiritual ism was making great strides just now all over Eurppe, but there was a sad dearth of mediums. Qnco upon a time Miss Marryat could count tho mediums pf her acquaintance upon tho lingers of both hands. Now,' alas ! she received hundreds of letters From persons asking how they could be “switched on,” if tho expression may bo forgiven, to departed friends, and she knpw not to whoip to refer them. It was all the fault of tho iqodiums. They were genuine enough, hut they allowed worldly pleasures to occupy thein to the exclusion of higher things, and they were too apt to ho intimi dated by tho world’s opinion. Before tho resolution Was put, a gentleman stepped forward with an address from Mr. Spriggs’s former friends at Cardiff, and testi fied to tho wonderful things ho had seen in that favored town. Then Mr. Spriggs rose to return thanks, and It soon became evident that though ho may lie a first rale medium ho is no orator. With a hesitating manner, and in a voice that was pitched so low that ho was promptly requested from the back of the room to “speak up ” ho simply expressed regret at tho unavoidable absence of bis travelling companion, ond in two or three words returned thanks for his cordial recep tion. And this was all, except that after wards there wore more songs and more strumming on a piano, and finally (according at least to tho promise of tho programme) some dancing. Not a ghost did Mr. Spriggs conjure up. Alas, for a lost opportunity! Surely there must have been in so largo a gathering some brethren weak in tho faith, or oven perhaps a perverse sceptic. What more fitting occasion, it might be thought, for a public demonstration 0/ tho truths of the spiritualistic faith? As a “medical clair voyant,” which means, wo presume, that ho cures ailments by some supernatural agency, Mr. Spriggs could have achieved a glorious triumph by restoring to health on tho spot tho distinguished Bondigo official, and pre senting him to the astonished gaze of those who, as it was, wore doomed to lament his absence.. 