A MILITARY NOVEL By G. A. HENTY, Author of "The Curse of Came 3 Hold," "A Hidden Eoe," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter IX. Doctor Wade was sitting in the verandah, smoking and reading an English paper that had arrived by that morning's mail, when Isobel returned. " Good morning, doctor, is uncle back?" " Not yet. He told me he might be half an hour late and that I was to come round and amuse you until he came back." " So in my absence you have been amusing yourself, doctor. I have been round at Mrs. Hunter's, she is going to have a juggler there this evening, and we are all to go." "Yes, I got a chit from her this morning. I have seen scores of them, but I make a point of never missing an exhibition when I get the chance. I hate anything I don't understand, and I go with the faint hope of being able to find things out, though I know perfectly well that I shall not do so." "Then you think it is not all quite natural, doctor ?" "I don't say it is not natural, because we don't know what all the natural laws are, but I say that some of the things I have seen cer tainly are not to be accounted for by anything we do know. It is not often that the jugglers show their best tricks to the whites—they know that as a rule we are altogether sceptical, but I have seen at native courts more than once the most astounding things ; things absolutely in comprehensible and inexplicable. I don't suppose we are going to see anything of that sort to-night, though Mrs. Hunter said in her note that they had heard from the native servant that this man was a famous one. "There is a sect of people in India, I don't mean a caste, but a sort of secret society, who, I believe, claim to be able by some sort of in fluence to suspend altogether the laws of nature. I do not say that I believe them ; as a scientific man it is my duty not to believe them, but I have seen such things done by some of the higher class of jugglers, and that under cir eumstances thab aid nob seem boadmibof bhe possibility of decepbion, bhab I am obliged bo suspend my judgment, which, as you may imagine, my dear, is exceedingly annoying bo me, butsomeof them do possess toaconsiderable extenb what the Seobch call second sight, that is to say, the power of foreseeing certain events in the future. Of thab I am morally certain; I have seen proofs of it over and over again. "For example, once an old fakir whom I had cured of a badly ulcerated limb came up just as I was starting on a shooting expedi tion." " ' Do not go out to-day,' he said. ' I fore see evil for you. I saw you last night brought back badly wounded.' '"But if I don't go your dream will come wrong,' I said. He -shook bis head. "'You will go in spite of what I say, he said, ' and you will suffer and others too,' and he looked at a group of shikaris who were standing together ready to make a start. "' How many men are there,' he saidi " 'Why six, of course,' I replied. " ' I see only three,' he said, ' and three dull spots. One of those I see is holding his match lock on his shoulder, another is examining his priming, the third is sitting down by the fire. Those three will come back at the end of the day ; the other three will nob return alive.' " X felt rather uncomfortable, bub I wasn't as I said to myself—I was a good deal younger then, my dear—such a fool as to be deterred from what promised to be a good day's sport by such nonsense as this, and I went. " We were going after a rogue elephant that had been doing a lob of damage among the natives' plantations. We found him, and a savage brute he turned out to be. He moved just as I fired, and though I hit him it was not on the fatal spot, and he charged right down amoDg us. He caught the very three men the fakir said were doomed and dashed the life out of them ; then he came at me. The bearer had run off with my second gun, and he seized me and flung me up m the air. " I fell in a tree, but broke three of my ribs and one of my arms; fortunately though the beast tried to get at me I was oub of his reach and the tree was too strong for him to knock down. Then another man who was with me came up and killed him, and they got me down and carried me back, and I was weeks before I was about again. Thab was something more than a coincidence, I think. There was some twenty men oub with us, and just the four he had pointed out were hurt and no others. "I have seen scores of other cases in which these predictions have come true, especially in cases of disease; though I grant that here the predictions often bring about their own fulfil ment. If a native is told by a fakir or holy man that he is going to die he makes no struggle bo live. In several cases I have seen natives whose deaths have been predicted die without, as far as my science could tell me, any disease or ailment whatever that should have been fatal to them. They simply sank— died I should say from pure fright. But put ting aside this class I have seen enough to con vince me that some at least among these fanatics do possess the power of second sight." "That is very extraordinary, doctor; of course, I have heard of second sight among certain old people in Scotland, but I did not believe in it." "I should not have believed in it if I had not seen the same thing here in India. I naturally have been interested in it and have read pretty well everything thab has been written about second sight among the High landers, and some of the incidents are so well authenticated that I scarcely see how they can be denied. Of _ course there is no accounting for it, but it is possible that among what we may call primitive people there are certain intui tions or instincts, call them what you like, that have been lost by civilised people. "The power of scent in a dog is something so vastly beyond anything we can even imagine possible that though we put it down to instinct it is really almost inexplicable. Take the case of dogs that have been known to have been taken railway journeys of many hundred miles and to have found their way home again on foot. There is clearly the possession of a power which is to us absolutely unaccount able. "Bub here comes your nncle, he will think I have been preaching a sermon to you if you look so grave." But Major Hannav was too occupied by his own thoughts to notice Isobel. "Has anything gone wrong, major?" the doctor asked as he saw his face. "I have just learnt," the major said, "that some more chupaties were brought last night. In is most annoying. I have questioned several of the native officers and they profess to have no idea whence they came or what is the mean ing of them. I wish we could get to the bottom of this thing, it keeps the troops in a ferment. If I eould get hold of one of these messengers I would get out of him all he knew, even if I had to roast him to make him tell." " My dear uncle," Isobel said reprovingly, " I am sure you don't mean what you say." "I don't know," he said, half laughing, "I should certainly consider myself perfectly justified in taking uncommonly strong steps to try to get to the bottom of this business. The thing is going on all over India and it must mean something, and it is all the worse if taken in connection with this absurd idea about the greased cartridges. I grant that if was an act of folly greasing them at all when we know the idiotic prejudices the natives have, still it could hardly have been foreseen thab this stir would have been made. The issue of the cartridges has been stopped, but when the natives once get an idea into their minds it is next to impossible to disabuse them of it. It is a tiresome business altogether." "Tiffen ready, sahib," Rumzan interrupted, coming out on to the verandah. " That is right, Rumzan. Now, Isobel, let us think of more pleasant subjects." "We are to go into the Hunters this even ing, uncle," _ Isobel said, as she sat down. "There is going to be a famous juggler there. There is a note for you from Mrs. Hunter on the mantel." "Very well, my dear; some of these fellows are well worth seeing._ Bathursb is coming into dinner. I saw him as he was starting this morning, just as he was going down to the lines, and he accepted. He said he should be able to get back in time. However, I don't suppose he will mind going round with us. I hope you will come, doctor, to make up the table. I have asked the two boys to come in." "I shall have to become a permanent boarder at your establishment, major. It is really useless my keeping a cook when I am in here nearlylialf my time. Butlwillcome. Iam off for three days to-morrow. A villager came in this morning to beg me to go out to rid them of a tiger that has established himself in their neighborhood, and that is an invitation thab I never refuse if I can possibly manage to make time for it. Fortunately every one is so healthy here at present that I can be very well spared." At dinner the subject of juggling came up again and the two subalterns expressed their opinion strongly that it was all humbug. " Doctor Wade believes in it, Mr. Wilson," Isobel said. "You don't say so, doctor; I should have thought you were the last sort of man who would have believed in conjurors." " It requires a wise man to believe, Wilson," the doctor said, "any fool can scoff, the wise man questions. When you have been here as long as I have, and if you ever get as much sense as-I have, which is doubtful, you may be less positive in your ideas, if you can call them ideas." "That is one for me," Wilson said good humoredly, while -the others-laughea. . "Well, I have never seen them, doctor, except those fellows who come round to the verandah, and I have seen conjurors at home do ever bo much better tricks thaD they do." " What do you think of them, Mr. Bathurst?" Isobel asked. "I suppose you have seen some of the better sort?" " I do not know what to think of them. Miss Hannay. I used to be rather of Wilson's opinion, but I have seen things since that I could not account for at all. There was a man here two or three months back who astounded me." " Mr3. Hunter said that the girls had had no opportunity of seeing a good conjuror since they came out, Mr. Bathurst. I suppose they did not know this man you are speaking of being here ?"' "He was only hero for a few hours, Miss Hannay. I had happened to meet him before and he gave me a private performance, which was quite different to anything I have ever seen, though I had often heard of the feats he had performed. I was so impressed with them that I can assure you that for a few days I had great difficulty in keeping my mind, upon my work." " What did.he do, Mr. Bathurst?" Bathurst related the feat of the disappearing girl. "She must have jumped down when you were not looking," Richards said, with an air of conviction. " Possibly," Bathurst replied quietly. "But as I was within three or four yards of the pole and it was perfectly distinct in the light of my lamp, and as I certainly saw her till she was some thirty or forty feet up in the air, I don't see how she can have managed it. Por even rupposing she could have sprung down that distance without being hurt she would not have come down so noiselessly that I should not have heard her." " Still, if she did not come down that way how could_ she have come ?" Wilson said. " That is exactly what I can't make out," Bathurst replied. "If it should happen to be the same man and he will do the same thing again I fancy you will be as much puzzled as I was." After dinner was over the party walked across to Mr. Hunter's bungalow, where in a short time the other officers, their wives, and all the other residents at the station were assembled. Chairs were placed in the veran dah for the ladies and a number of lamps hung on the wall, so that a strong light was thrown upon the ground in front of it; in addition, four posts had been driven into the ground some twenty feet from the verandah and lamps had been fastened upon them. " I don't know whether the juggler will like that," Mr. Hunter said, "and I shan't light them if he objects. I don't think myself it is quite fair having a light behind him; still if he agrees it will be hardly possible for him to make the slightest movement without being seen." The juggler, who was sitting round at the other side of the house, was .now called up, he and the girl who followed him salaamed deeply and made an even deeper bow to Bathurst, who was standing behind Isobel's ohair. "You must have paid them well, Bathurst," Major Hannay said. " They have evidently a lively remembrance of past favors. I suppose they are the same you were talking about ?" "Yes, they are the same people, major." Then he said in the native dialect of the juggler, "Mr. Hunter has put some posts with lamps behind you, Rujub, but he hasn't lit them because he did not known whether you would object." "They can be lighted, sahib. My feats do not depend on darkness. Any of the sahibs who like to stand behind us can do so if they do not come within the line of those posts." " Let us go out there," Wilson said to Richards when the answer was translated; "we will light the lamps and we shall see better there than we shall here." The two went round to the other side and lit the lamps, and the servants stood a short dis tance off on either side. The first trick shown was the well-known mango tree. The juggler placed a seed in the ground, poured some water upon it fromalota, and covered it with a cloth. In two or three minutes he lifted this and a plant four or five inches high was seen. He covered this with atall basket, which he first handed round for inspec tion. Onremoving this a mango tree some three feet high in full bloom was seen. It was again covered, and when the basket was removed it was seen to be covered with ripe fruit, eliciting exclamations of astonishment from those among the spectators who had not before seen the trick performed. "Now, Wilson,"the doctor said, "perhaps you will be kind enough to explain to us all how this was done?" "I have no more idea than Adam, doctor." "Then we will leave it to Richards. He promised us at dinner to keep his eyes well open." Richards made no reply. " How was it done, Mr. Bathurst ? It seems almost like a miracle." "I am as ignorant as Wilson is, Miss Hannay. I can't account for it in any way and I have seen it done a score of times. Ah ! now he is going to do the basket trick. Don't be alarmed when you hear the girl cry out. You may be quite sure that she is not hurt. The father is deeply attached to her and would not hurt a hair of her head." Again the usual methods were adopted. The basket was placed on the ground and the girl stepped into it without the pretence of fear usually exhibited by the performers. Before the trick began Major Hannay said to Captain Doolan, " Come round with me to the side of those boys. I know the first time I saw it done I was nearly throwing myself on the juggler, and Wilson is a hot-headed boy and is likely as not to do so. If he did the man would probably go oil in a huff and sho w us nothing more. Rrom what Bathurst said we are likely to see something unusual." As soon as the lid was put down an ap parently angry colloquy took place between the juggler and the girl inside. Presently the man appeared to become enraged and snatching up a long, straight sword from the ground ran it three or four times through the basket. A loud shriek followed the first thrust and then all was silent. Some of the ladies rose to their feet with a cry of horror, Isobol among them. Wilson and Richards both started to rush forward, but wdie seized by the collars by the major and Captain Doolan. "Will you open the basket?" the juggler said quietly to Mrs. Hunter. As she had seen the trick before she stepped forward without hesitation, opened the lid of the basket, and said, "It is empty." The juggler took it and held it up bottom upwards. "What on earth has become of the girl ?" Wilson exclaimed. As he spoke she passed between him and Richards back to her father's side. " Well, I am dashed," Wilson murmured. "I would not have believed it if fifty people had sworn to me they had Eeen it." He was too muoh confouned even to reply when the doctor sarcastically said— "We are waiting for your explanation, gentlemen." " Will you ask him, major," Richards said, as he wiped his forehead with his pockethand kerchief, "to make sure that she was solid?" The major translated the request and the girl at once came across and Richards touched her with evident doubt as to whether she was really flesh and blood. There was much curiosity among those who bad seen jugglers before as to what would be the next teat, for generally those just seen were the closing ones of a performance, but as these were the first it seemed that those to follow must be extraordinary indeed. The next teat was the one shown to Bathurst and was performed exactly as upon that occa sion except that as the girl rose beyond the circle of light she remained distinctly visible, a sort of phosphoric light playing around her. Those in the verandah had come out now, the juggler warning them not to approach within six feet of the pole. Higher and higher the girl went until those below judged her to be at least a hundred and fifty feet from the ground. Then the light died out and she disappeared from their sight. There was silence for a minute or two, and then the end of the pole could be seen descend ing without her. Another minute and it was reduced to the length it had been at starting. The spectators were silent now, the whole thing was so strange and mysterious that they had no words to express their feeling. The juggler said something which Mr. Hunter translated to be a request for all to resume their places. "That is a wonderful trick," the doctor said to Bathurst. "I have never seen it done that way before, but I once saw a juggler throw up a rope into the air, how high it went I don t know, for like this jt was done at night, but t stood up perfectly stiff and the juggler's atten dant climbed up. He went higher and higher and we could hear his voice coming down to us. At last it stopped and then suddenly the rope fell in coils on the ground and the boy walked quietly in just as that girl has done now." The girl now placed herself in the centre of the open space. ""iou will please not to speak while this trick is being performed," the juggler said; "harm might come of it. Watch the groucd near her feet." A minute later a dark object made its ap pearance from the ground. It rose higher and higher with an undulating movement. "By Jove, it is a python," the_ doctor whispered in Bathurst's ear. A Bimilar ex clamation broke from several of the others, but the juggler waved his hand with an authori tative hush. The snake rose until its head towered above that of the'girl and then began to twine itself round her, continuously rising from the ground it enveloped her with five coiH each thicker than a man's arm. It raised its head above hers and hissed loudly and angrily; then £its tail begun to descend, gradually the coils unwound themselves— lower and lower it descended until it disap peared altogether. It was some time before anyone spoke, so great was the feeling of wonder. The doctor was the first to break the silence. . "I - have -neyer^fleenthat before," - he Baid.. "though I have heard of it from a native rajah." "Would the sahibs like to see morel" the juggler asked. The two Miss'Hunters, Mrs. Rintoul, and several of the others said "they had seen enough," but among the men there was a general wish to see another feat. "I would not have missed this for anything," the doctor said ; " it would be simple madness to thrown away such a chance." The ladies, therefore, with the exception of Mrs. Hunter, Mrs. Doolan, and Isobel, retired into the house. "You mustallgoonone'side now," the juggler said, " for it is only on one side what I am now going to do can be seen.'' He then proceeded to light a fire of charcoal, when he had .done this he said, " tne lights must now be extinguished and the curtains drawn, so that the light will not stream out from the house." . As soon as this was done he poured a powder over the fire and by its faint light the cloud of white smoke could be seen. "Now I will show you the past," he said, " who speakB." . There was silence, and then Dr. Wade said— " Show me my past." A faint light stole up over the smoke; it grew brighter and brighter and then a picture was dearly seen npon it. It was the Bea, a house standing by itself in a garden and separated from the water only by a road. Presently the figure of a girl appeared at the gate and slipping out looked down the road as if waiting tor some one. They could make out all the details of her dress and Eee her features distinctly. A low exclamation broke from the doctor, then the picture gradually faded away, " The future," the juggler said, and gradually an Indian scene appeared on the smoke, ft was a long, straight road bordered by a jungle. A native was seen approaching; he paused in the foreground. " That is you, doctor," Mr. Hunter ex claimed, " you are got up as a native, but it's you." Almost at the same moment two figures came out from the jungle, they were also in native dress. "You and Miss Hannay," the doctor said in a low tone to Bathurst, " dressed like natives and dyed but no one else detected the dis guises and the picture again faded away. "That is enough, Rujub," Bathurst said, for he felt Isobel lean back heavily against the hand which he held at the back of her chair and felt sure that she had fainted. "Draw back the curtains someone, I fancy this has been too much for Miss Hannay." The curtains were thrown back, and Mrs. ! Hunter running in brought^ out a lamp. The doctor had already taken his place by Isobel s | side. "Yes, she has fainted," he said to Bathurst, " carry her in her chair as she is so than she may be in the room when she comes to," This was done. "Now, gentlemen," the doctor said, "you had better light the lamps again out here, and leave the ladies and me to get Miss Hannay round." When the lamp3 were lit it could be seen that the whole of the men were a good deal shaken by what they had seen. "Well," Mr. Hunter said, "they told me he was a famous juggler, but that beat any thing I have seen before. I have heard of such things frequently from natives, but it is very seldom that Europeans-get a chance of seeing them." "I don't want to see anything of the Bort again," Major Hannay said, "it shakes one's notions of things in general. I fancy, Hunter, that we shall want a strong peg all round to steady bur nerves. I own that Ifeel as shaky as a boy who think he sees a ghost on his way through a churchyard." There was a general murmur of agreement, and the materials were quickly brought. "Well, Wilson, what do you and Richards think of it!" the major went on after he had braced himself up with a strong glass of brandy and water, "I should imagine you booh feel a little less sceptical than you did two hours ago." "I don't know what Richards feels, major, but I know I feel like a fool. I am sorry, Bathurst, for what I said at dinner, but it really didn't seem to me to be possible what you told us about the girl going up into the air and not coming down again. vVell, after I have seen what I have seen this evening I won't disbelieve anything I hear in future about these natives." " It was natural enough that you should be incredulous," Bathurst said "I should have been just as incredulous as you were when I first came out, and I have been astonished now, though I have seen some good jugglers before." At this moment the doctor came out again. " Miss Hannay 13 all right again now, major. I am not surprised at her fainting; old hand as I am at ttsese matters, and I think that I have seen as much, or more juggling than any man in India, I felt very queer my self, especially at the snake business. As I said, I have seen that ascension trick before, but how it is done I have no more idea than a child. Those smoke scenes, too, are astonishing. Of course they could be accounted for as thrown up a column of white smoke by a magic lantern, but there was cer tainly no magic lantern here, the juggler was standing close to me and the girl was sitting at his feet. I watched them both closely, and certainly they had no apparatus about them by which such views could be thrown on the smoka" "You recognise the first scene, I suppose, doctor?" Bathurst asked. " Perfectly. It took me back twenty-five years. It was a cottage near Sidmouth and was correct in every minute detail. The figure was that of the young lady I married four years afterwards. Many a time have I seen her standing just like that as I went along the road to meet her from the little inn at which I was stopping; the very pattern of her dre3s, which 1 need hardly say has never been in my miud all these years, was recalled to me. " Had I been thinking of the scene at the time I could have accounted for it somehow upon the theory that in some way or other the juggler was conscious of my thought and re flected it upon the smoke—how I don't at all mean to say—but, undoubtedly, there exists to some extent the power of thought reading. It is a mysterious subject and one of which we know absolutely nothing at present, but may be in upwards of a hundred years mankind may have discovered many secrets of nature in that direction. " But I certainly was not thinking of that scene when I spoke and said ' the past.' I had no doubt that he would show me something of the past, but certainly^ no particular incident passed through my mind before that picture appeared on the smoke." "The other was almost as curious, doctor," Captain Doolan said, " for it was certainly you masquerading as a native. I believe the other was Bathurst—it struck me so—and he seemed to be running off with some native girl. What on earth could that all mean ?' "It is no use puzzling ourselves about it," the doctor said. " It may or may not come true. I have no inclination to go about dressed out as a native at present, but there is no say ing what I may come to. There is quite enough for us to wonder at in the other things. The mango and basket tricks I have seen a dozen times and am no neater now than I was at first to understanding them. That ascension trick beats me altogether, and there was some thing horribly uncanny about the snake." " Do you think it was a real snake, doctor ?" "That I cannot tell you, Richards. Every movement was perfectly natural. I could see the working of the ribs as it wound itself round the girl and the quivering of its tongue as it raised its head above her. At any ottier time I should be ready to take my affidavit that it was a python of unusual size, but at the present moment I should not like to give a decided opinion about anything connected with the performance." " I suppose it is no use asking the juggler any questions, Hunter ?" one of the other men said. "Not in the least; they never do answer questions. The higher olass_ of jugglers treat their art as a sort of religious mystery and there is no instance known of their opening their lips, although large sums have frequently been offered them. In the present case you will certainly ask no questions, for the man and girl have both disappeared with the box and apparatus and everything connected with them. They must have slipped off directly the last trick was over and before we had the lamp lighted. I sent after him at once, but the servant could find no signs of him. I am annoyed because I have not paid them." "I am not surprised at that," Dr. Wade said. " It is quite in accordance with what I have heard of them. They live by exhibiting what you may call their ordinary tricks; but I have heard from natives that when they show any what I may call supernatural feats vbey do not take money. It is done to oblige some powerful rajah, and, as I have said, it is only on a very few occasions that Europeans have ever seen them. Well, we may as well go in to the ladies. I don't fancy any of them would be inclined to come out on to the verandah again this evening." No one was inclined even for talk, and in a very short time the party broke up and re turned home. " Come and smoke a pipe with me, Bathurst, before you turn in," the doctor said as they went out. "I don't think eibher of us will be likely to go to sleep for some time. What is your impression of all this 2" "My impression certainly is that it is en tirely unaccountable by any laws with which we are acquainted, doctor;" "That is just my idea and always has been since I first saw any really good juggling out here. I don't believe in the least in anything supernatural, but I can quite believe that there are many natural laws of which at pre sent we are entirely ignorant. I believe the knowledge of them at one time existed, but has been entirely lost, at any rate among Western peoples. The belief in magic is as old as any thing we have knowledge of. The magicians at the Court of Pharaoh threw down their, rods and—turned them'into-.BerDents, TheJ Witch of Endor called up the spirit of Samuel. The Greeks, by no means a nation of fools, be lieved implicitly in the oracles. Coming down to comparatively later times the workers of magio burnt their books before St. Paul. It doesn't say, mind you, that those who pre tended to work magic did so, but those who worked magic. "Early travellers in Persia and India have reported things they saw far surpassing any we have witnessed this evening, and there is certainly a sect in India at present or rather a body of men, and those, as far as I have been able to learn, of an exceptionally intelligent class, who believe that they possess an almost absolute mastery over the powers of nature. You see, fifty years back if anyone had talked about travelling at fifty miles an hour or send ing a message five thousand miles in a minute he would have been regarded as a madman. There may yet be other discoveries as startling to be made. "When I was in England I heard some thing of a set of people in America who called themselves Spiritualists, some of whom— notably a young man named Home—claimed to have the power of raising themselves through the air. I am far from saying that such a power exists; it is of course contrary to what we know of the laws of nature, but Bhould such a power exists, it would account for the dis" appearance of the girl from the top of the pole. Highland second sight, carried somewhat farther and united with'the power of conveying the impressions to others, wouM account for the pictures on the smoke, that is supposing them to be true, and personally I own that I expect they will prove to be true—unlikely as it may seem that you, I, and Miss Hannay will ever be going about in native attire." By this time they had reached the doctor's bungalow and had comfortably seated them selves. "There is one thing that flashed across me this evening," Batburst said. " I told you that first evening I met Miss Hannay that I had a distinct knowledge oE her face. You laughed at me at the time and it certainly seemed absurd, but I was convinced I was not wrong. Now I know how it was; I told you at dinner to-day about the feat of the girl going up and not coming down again, but I did not tell you —for you can understand it is a thing that I should not care to talk much about—that he showed me a picture like those we saw to night. "It was a house standing in a courtyard with a high wall round it. I did not particu larly observe the house. It was of the ordi nary native type, and might for anything I know be the house used as a court by Hunter, and for keeping stores and so on in the middle of this station. I don c say it was that 5 X did noti notice it much. There was a breech in the outside wall and around it there was a fierce fight going on. A party of- officers and civilians were repelling the assault of a body of Sepoys. On the terraced roof of the house others were standing firing and looking on, and I thinkengagedin loading rifles were twoor three women. One of them I particularly noticed, and now I recall it her face was that of Miss Hannay, of that I am absolutely cer tain." 11 It is curious, lad," the doctor said after a pause, "and the picture you see has so far come true, that you have made the acquain tance with one of the actors whom you did not previously know." " I did not believe in the truth of it, dootor, and I do not believe in it now. There was one feature in the fight whioh was, as I regret to know, impossible." " And what was that, Bathurst?" Bathurst wa3 silent for a time. "You are an old friend, doctor, and you will understand my case and make more allowances for it than mo3t people would. When I first came out here I dare say you heard some sort of reports as to why I had left the army and had afterwards entered the Civil Service." "There were some stupid rumors," the doctor said, " that you had gone home on sick leave just after the battle of Chillianwalla and had then sold out because you had shown the white feather. I need not say that I did not give any credit to it, there is always gossip flying about as to the reasons a man leaves the army." " It was quite true, dootor. It is a hideous thing to say, but constitutionally I am a coward." _ ; "I cannot believe it," the doctor said warmly. "Now that I know you, you are the last man of whom I would credit such a thing." "It is the bane of my life," BathurBt went on. " It is my misfortune, for I will not allow it is my fault. In many things I am not a coward. I think I could face any danger if the danger were a silent one, but I cannot stand noise. The report of a gun makes me tremble all over, even when it is a blank cart ridge that is fired. When I was born my father was in India; a short time before I came into the world my mother had a great fright. Her house in the country was broken into by burglars, who entered the room and threatened to blow out her brains' if she moved, but the alarm was given, the men servants came down armed, there was a struggle in her room, pistol shots were fired, and the burglars were over powered and captured. My mother fainted and was ill for weeks afterwards, in fact until the time I was born, and she died a few days later, never having, the doctor said, recovered from the shock she had suffered that night. "I grew up a weakly, timid boy—the sort of boy that is always bullied at school. My father, as you know, was a general officer and did not return home until I was ten years old. He was naturally much disappointed in me and I think that added to my timidity, for it grew upon me rather than otherwise. Morally I was not a coward. At school I can say that I never told a lie to avoid punishment, and my readiness to speak the truth did not add to my popularity among the other boys and I used to be called a sneak, which was even more hateful than being called a coward. " As I grew up I shook off my delicacy and grew, as you see, into a strong man. I then fought several battles at school; I_ learnt to ride and came to have confidence in myself, and though I had no particular fancy for the army my father's heart was so set on it that I offered no objections. That the sound of a gun was abhorrent to me I knew, for the first time my father put a gun in my hand and I fired it I fainted and nothing would persuade me to try again. Still I thought that this was result of nervousness as to firing it myself and that I should get over it in time. " A month or two after I was gazetted I went out to India with the regiment and arrived just in time to get up by forced marches to take part in the battle of Chillianwalla. The consequence was that up to that time I literally had heard no musketry praotice. "Of the events of that battle I have no remembrance whateverfrom the moment the first eun was fired to the end of the day I was as one paralysed. I saw nothing, I heard nothing, I moved mechanically, butt happily my will or my instinct kept me in my place in the regiment. When all was over and silence followed the din I fell to the ground insensible. Happily for me the doctors declared I was in a state o'f high fever, and so I remained for a fortnight. As soon as I got better I was sent down the country, and I at once sent in my papers and went home. No doubt the affair was talked of and there were whispers as to the real cause of my illness. My father was terribly angry when I returned home and told him the truth of the matter. That his son should be a coward was naturally an awful blow to him. Home was too unhappy to be endured, and when an uncle of mine, who was a director on the company's board, offered me a berth in the Civil Service I thankfully accepted it, believing that in that capacity I need never hear a gun fired again. _ "You will understand, then, the anxiety I am feeling owing to these rumors of disaffec tion among the Sepoys and the possibility of anything like a general mutiny. . " It is not of being killed that I have any fear, upon the contrary I have suffered bo much in the last eight years from the consciousness that the reason why I left the army wasj widely known that I should welcome death if it came to me noiselessly, but the thought that if there is trouble I shall assuredly not be able to play my part like a man fills me with absolute horror, and now more than ever. " So you will understand now why the pic ture I saw, in which I was fighting in the middle of the Sepoys, is to me not only im probable, but simply impossible. It is a horrible story to have to tell. This is the first timelhave openedmylips on the subject since I j spoke to my father, but I know that you, both as a friend and a dootor, will pity rather than blame me." (To be continued,) 