WIG AND GOWN. The Supreme Court is once more in swing, end tho unavoidable friction begins under a new order of things. It occurs to us to em balm a lit tin of tho old, just a few (lies in 'tiubcr. ifnrry and Williams, Stuwcll and .Alolcaworlli, began thu traditions of thu Victorian Bur ; und then camu such as .Ireland, Miehic, Dawson, AspinaU, Fellows, ISewcil, Wood. Thny teem as different truu tho l.»r of the present ns the first Knglislt cricketing cievon in Melbourne was from 'Dr. Graeo's to-day. It is 1I10 contrnst-of crusty pot t with light sherry, but the port is out of fashion. Much discussion biiw.es -m to whether the old bur was superior to the modern. Well, thckifc.it tvny out ol such debate is ever thu Tuedium, just as with pulpit, mcdicino nml rtnge, by saying that your (.'Italmrs and Kpurguon, Alierncthy and I'nget, G. V. Brooke mid Irving, Aspinall and Tarves, t«re, or are, all lirst-clnss. Q'alentavcMges, thougli genius docs snatch iln grace buynrm the reach of art, and tvu would hardly claim n putitivo legal genius— untcas it be Fellows, who would have held his own 'with the best London niuu, in his peculiar line. His stylcwas cnnverrAtraual and quiet, like (hat of the Kimball I'rivy Council, ac cording 10 .Sir II. J. Wrixon. Ono 1 hinrCH ot the old tuna attorneys. Those grand antique locllioiirne firms— men ; like the MtiUlchury, ..Mullcton, Moulcs, Dnordins, Klingcnders, \faughnns, and so on, mixing up the departed am! present— bow they user! to tope in tiiu fees over arjuatting, bnnkiog and mining. Theru is nol. quiteso much money sven in divorce and Bistrimonial causes, long spun out, or thusu great will cases, which thu profession used lovingly to call ecclesiastical. These thing? to not present the cut and come again, so much as tbo historical actions of DuJIimorc v. tho Queen, and of tho Dalhrnt Mining Companies— not to speak of the Merry -litigant, or poor ohl Slack. ' lluholil I tiinki nit ( nnu- " in nnn nf thofio toxts constantly Imprrsscd upon us, till wc can butt cur bends against brick walls if wo like— Mrs L'artington can fetch out licr broom, but up tbo Atlantic wavo will como. Wo writo of Wig and Gown, but it it barely possible that even they may disappear I Shuddery though t to tho ghost of Sir (vedraoud Barry, who nearly fainted 011 tho bench when Duuno took oir his wig und laid it on tho tabiu. 