AUSTRALIAN MYTHS. The Australian aborigines have a curious myth with regard to the origin of water. They say that originally there was no water in Australia. They got along very comfortably with out it till one day some adventurous spirits suggested that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn conclave was held and they determined to apply to the oldest and wisest in habitant as to the course to be pursued to attain their object. The venerable native listened to their complaint and told them that the waLter was contained in the stomach of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at the top of one of their highest mountains. All that was required was to make him laugh, when the water would run out of his mouth. Another great consul tation was held, when it was decided that all the animals should be asked to give their co-operation to obtain the desired result. This they readily agreed to,and natives and animalsrepair ed ina great body to the toad's mountain to try their powers in the way of laugh raising. The first to make the essay was an ass. He brayed so loud that he might have been a demagogue expiat ing on the classes as against the virtue of the masses. He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kicked his heels higher into the air higher than any donkey had ever elevated them before, he cut the most fantastic capers, all to no use, and the toad did not even so much as wink an eyelid. Crestfallen the donkey retired, and the cock strutted up with a self-satisfied air as though he and he alone knew the secret of how to make the toad laugh. But alas for vanity of feathered aspirations, his crowing and flapping of wings had no more effect than his predecessor's braying, and he too retired discomfited. One after the other all the animals, birds, and fishes tried their best to raise a laugh, but with no better success. At last when everybody was beginning to despair came the eel wriggling along the ground, and, strange to relate, the toad blinked an eyelid, and watched its contortions. Seeing this the eel raised himself into an arch and walked along on his head and his tail Those watching the toad saw the muscles of his mouth begin to quiver. Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot and walked solely on his head. Lo! and behold the toad smiled, and out of each side of his mouth water began to trickle down. Seeing this the eel redoubled his .efforts, lie twisted himself into a double knot and walked jauntily along on his head and his tail. This extra ordinary performance was too much for the toad, he opened his mouth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in a mighty torrent down the mountain-side, and spreading over the country formed rivers, lakes, and pools ; and down, too, came the natives, rejoicing that at last they would have an abundance of water. The following story shows that ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria, and resent meddling with the body they once inhabited. A man travell ing in the friendly tribe came upon a deserted habitation. Above the door way he saw the usual crooked stick, pointing, in the direction the family had taken, and all round about the place pieces of bark covered with white clay, indicating a death. He found tracks leading to a tree in which he discovered a dead body. Anxious to know who had died he ascended it. On removing the opossum rug from the face he found that it was a friend. He wept for a long time, then went away. He had not gone far when he heard some magpies making a great noise as though they saw something strange. He turned round to see what it was and to his terror saw the ghost of the deceased come down and follow him. He was so terrified he could not move, but managed to ad dress it in these terms: "Why do you frighten me when I have come to see you and never did you any harm '" It'never spoke, but followed him for a considerable distance, scratching his back with his nails, and then returned to the tree. WVhen he reached his friends he told them what had hap pened, showed them his back lacerated and bleeding; and said he had a pre sentiment that something bad would befall him before long. At the next meeting of the tribes he was speared through the heart. CIINEsE TOBACCO.-China is endeav ouring to enter the lists as a competitor in the European tobacco market. A number of samples have been consigned to a well known firm of London brokers, with a view to test the suitability of the tobacco for the market. Japanese tobacco is already largely consumed in Europe, but the bulk of it goes to Antwerp, Amsterdam, and Hamburg, where, with theaddition of the Sumatra or Havana leaf, it is made into cigars. 