THE EAST WARD ELECTION. To THE EDITOR. j SIB,-In Saturday's isBue of the People newspaper appears two paragraphs entirely devoted to Mr. John Horst and those con- nected with him in the late election for the East Ward. The firet commenças by stating that he is a contractor. Now I wonld like to know what harm is there in being a con- tractor. Are there not some of the best men in all communities contractors. Next the writer says " Mr. Hurst used the personal pronoun too much." In answer to that I would like to know how a man is to express himself. If I intend to do anything or I pro- mise to do anything, I wonld speak in the future tense first person, and say, I will do BO and so, or such and such. Is not that aooording to Lindley Mnrray P I attended the meeting at the Star and Garter Hotel and heard distinctly what Mr. Hurst did say. Amongst other remarks he said he thought it wonld be necessary to hare agenda papers printed and distributed amongst the council- lors, setting forth the order of business, strictly observing the mles of debate, and avoiding the utteranoe of all irrelevant matter. Have we not an illustration from the last meeting, what great good this rule will effect if rigidly enforced. I would like to know what the majority of those members do who are there. What do they know about road or path-making-the two essentials requisite to make a nseful councillor P If tho present members do not mend their manners, relinquish tu quoque argnment and wash their dirty linen at homo, it will be fer the citizens to take the matter in hand and find other more sensible men to perform the duties. Leaving out the plotting individuals and those who work in the dark, with whom I have no concern-as they are only the emanation of a fertile and distorted brain the writer goes on to say, " Metaphorically speaking, Mr. Bice Saunders would have wiped every street in tho Ward." Allow me to tell the writer that I know Mr. j Bioe Saunders longer and better than he does. A worthy citizen ho is, no doubt ; j but he wonld not have the ghost of a.chance against the present member. There is proof positive in the writer's own words, that all classes and creeds supported- Mr. Hurst, I knowing him to be the most practical and suitable oandidate. The epithet henchman ! does not fit on this oooasion. I for one am no henchman to any man, but I ama staunch supporter of Mr. Hurst, knowing bim to be honourable, straight above board and below board, and a genial, jolly fellow. I wiBh there were ten thousand like him in our midst. " Corpulent John !" as if the man's belly and boots did not belong te him. The man that wrote snoh rubbish dees not even know John Hurst, and ought ts be ashamed of himself to fulminate such scandalous libels about any respectable inhabitant. The writer will go crazy at tho next dissolution when he finds tho name of "Corpulent John" at the. he&4 of the poll aa a member for one of the .?_. , ji« in, II 11 sr'-r*-^-*?.;... | j dividions of the city in the Legislative As sembiy. There, Joba will show to the beèt advantage aa a practical sensible mah, and besides legislating for a fjártéh, ho will be pnttiug forth his energies in the behalf of this grand old coldnyt The classes and the ¿reeds will soo him through tho same as they saw our worthy townsman T. G, Molloy. Some people cannot eeo what is in store for other people, or else their orbs are so jaun- diced they will not see. The people of Perth are just waking np like Bip Yan Winkle. They own they have been asleep for the last twenty years, but now they have awakened rubbed the scales from their eyes and they are like a giant refreshed. Allow me in Conclusión to congratulate the inhabitants of the East ward, all of whom I am acquainted with. It is an honour to be acquainted with sensible discriminating people, even "the brickies, the dogasted canaille " as the writer calls them ; they are sensible people, those of them who voted for John Hurst, for after all the writer's blow I ti av did not vote solid. I am, &c;, JOHN D. BBFANT. Perth, Feb. 8. 