The McKinlpv TnrlfT. A Rbuteb tologram from Washington dated July 20 says Tho finanoo committee has submitted to the Senate a. partial report from' tho sub-com mittee appointed in Maroh, 1891, to ascertain in every practicable way the effect of tho tariff laws upon imports and exports, upon the growth, de velopment, production and prices' of agricultural and manufactured artioles at home and abroad, and upon wages, domeBtio and foreign. The results show that the cost of living of a family under ordinary oircurastancos was 0-44 per eent. less at the end of the period inoluded in the investigation, namely, Septembor 1, 1891, than at the be ginning, and that the retail priaes of 215 artioles at throe representative points— Ohieago, Fall River, Massa chusetts, and Dubuque, Iowa — showed a further decline in tho cost of living down to May, 1892, as compared with Septembor 1, 1.891, of 2'1 per cont., rind as oompnred with June, July and August, 1889, of 3-4 per eent. The report also declares that wholesale 'prices declined at substantially the same rate ; that the average prices of all agrioultural produots, except flax seed, when given their proper relative importance, were 18-07 per cent, higher in September, 1891, than nt the initial poriod; that the cost of living in Groat Britnin ineronsnd in the interval unmed by 1-9 per cent.; and that wagos in the United States appear to have averaged 77 per cent, highor than in Great Britain. To the narrow typo of clorics who frown evory movement for tho ameli oration of tlio laboring poor, wo com mend tho words of an. American divine — " Whou combinations are being organised to defeat all free nnd honost competition in tlie liibor mar ket, and I raise my voice' ih' bolmlf of justioo to the laboring man, I. do not doubt that a good many mon feel that it would be a deal more comfortable if tho pulpit would attend to. its business of saving souls. I want it distinctly understood that this pulpit has no mission to disembodied souls. I am here to preaok to men and women, nnd not to ghosts. If it is not the mission of the pulpit' to stand up for froodom, liberty and equality for tho poor and oppressed, then it has no mission." . The. Bible contains 3,5G5,480 letters, 773,746 words, 31,173 verses, 1189 chapters, and 66 books. Tho word " and " occurs 46,277 times, the word '.'Lord" 1855 times. The word " reverend " occurs but once, whioh is in tho 9th verse of the ll'lth Psalm. The middle verse is the 8th verse of the 118th Psalm. The 21st verse of the 7th chapter of Ezra contains all the letters of the nlphabet exoept the lettor " J." The 19th ohapter of the II. Kings and 37th chapter of Isaiah aro alike. The longest verse is tho 35th verso of the 8th ohapter of Esther. Tho shortest verse is the 35th verso of the 11th chapter of St. John. There are no woras or names or more taan six syllables. On a certain occasion Henry Wnrd Beocher prenohed a sermon on the injustio of obliging inon to work on Sunday. Tha next day, while riding down to Foulton Forry, he entered into conversation with a car-drivor, and asked him if he did not think some plan might bo adoptod to Jis- penso with the need of running the cars all day Sunday. The driver, in ignorance of the name of his interro gating friend, made a frank reply : " Yes, sir, I think thero might. But there's no hope of it so long as they keep that Beecher theatre open in Brooklyn. Tho cars havo to run to accommodate that." The quickest and surest plan to abort promptly one of tho attacks of ornmp iu tho log is to quickly nnd firmly draw a cord around the calf of tho log. It 6liould bo carefully placed about tlio middle, nnd then a firm, quiok hand should draw it as tight as can bo borne. Tho cramp immediately conses. 