Echoes from the Richmond. THOSE oharming fables of the wiso old pagan Aiiop -what delightful leading they were before pooplo with no poetry in their souls took to writing explanatory tag " morals " to them I- hnvo oyidontly not boen studied in this part of tho world. Other- wise that instructive little story of the old man who gave his sons such a pointed object-lesson with a bundlo of sticks, might have produced some useful result, Â few energetic farmers nt tho upper end of the river hnvo tried-with a sublimo confidence in their class whioh has not boen justified-to establish a strong Union. The effort, so far, has been rewarded with the feeblest measure of suacess. And now, that combination of Progress Assoaiution talent known to Fame (local) as the Richmond River Progress Conference hus burst up. : It has been ia existence for eighteen months, but it bas not fulfilled the lofty function for whioh it was organised. At its last (final) mooting when it gave up the "ghost" at Swan Bay, it was tacitly admitted that for all tho good it had done, it might as well have never come into existence. Such being the case, the " Oonferenoo " quiotly and Eeaoefully withdrew from the public gaze, and ocame a thing of the past. Whether it was " deeply Iamcntod ' or not, it would be hardly fair to say. IT would be interesting to know what led to the collapse of this particular Conference. From a common-sense point of view it would be, argued that a representative body of men, dclognted by a number of Progress Associations to watch over matters of general public importauao, would have more weight when acting in uoucort, than the indi- vidual minor bodios could possibly bring to bear upon Government deportments. But in looking at this matter from a common- senso point of view, one is apt to overlook, the peouliar characteristics of Progress Associations. If Brown, of the Biugy goblyn Progress Association, is delegated to aot on the Conference, the feoliugs of Janos and Robinson are lacerated. They are shorn of their glory. But when Jones and Robinson ara allowed their full Hing when tho . Bingygoblyn P. A. is acting in majestic isolation, they retire to their virtuous homes-after *' irrigating " their throttle valves with a flue comforting consciousness thnt they hnvo practically wiped out a Road Superintendent, or given a Minister of the Crown a bad quaiter of au hour. The Progress Association is a wondrous institution. WE have derived a considerable amount of comfort from the report of the result of tho interview which our deptitinion had with the MINISTER ron WORKS. The gentlemen who represented us considered thc interview a very satisfactory ono. In au ordinary way, little importance might be attached to that expression of sentiment. It is so vory easy for a Minister to say nioe soothing things to a deputation.' In <the ease of the deputation whioh.waited upon Mr. LYNE, however, ono is iuolined to think that the promises of tho Minister were genuino. Tho most oaBe-hardenod head of a department could scarcely treat Buch a matter as was brought before Mr. Lyce, with oflicial duplicity, and the Minister for Works was doubtless in earnest when he assured the deputation that the work at the river eutranoe would be hurried along. It is to bo hoped that the "investigation" into proposed temporary relief measures will be a short and speedy one. At the present moment there aro about four feet of water on tho bar, and this notwithstanding the heavy rains we havo had ! '?' A SLKiHT thrill of excitement was created by the information published in the Sydney papers that Swanston-Williams-Deeming, etc., eto , had at one time favored the Richmond with his presence. That homicidal brute, it appears, was in Lismore in 1884, working as a plumber. The guttering and other plumber's work at the Public School was fixed by him, and will, consequently, bo looked upon with a creepy awosome feeling by the peoplo of the town. It is said that a number of nervous people have begun to discover "peculiar" smells near their fire- places, but as most of tho latter are open to inspec- tion from beneath there was no scope for the peculiar talents of the wife murderer. One opening for his many-sided scoundrolism there certainly was, and ha took advantage of it. The name of Deeming appears among tho "hopeless" accountB of more than one storekeeper. TUE voluminous dooument dealing with the recent typhoid epidemia at Lismore, whioh was propared by Dr. ASUIIURTON THOMPSON, is not likely to cause that eminent medical gentleman to be re- garded as a pvrmna grata by tho members of tho Council. The report was read at tho Council meet- ing on Monday last, and the feelings of some of the civic fathers, as they sat stolidly listening to the trenchant criticisms of their shortcomings as guar- dians of tho publia weal, must have bean of a curiously complex oharaoter. As page after page was read, and ohargo after ohnrge was brought against the administration of tho Council in thc matter of sanitation, they must have felt as if some unseen hand had written Ichalod over the legend on the front of tho Chambers, which informs the outer world that within those walls the multiplex business affecting the ratepayers is conductod with impressive and solemn gravity- except on ocoasions when there is a shiudy. If any one of tho aldermen present thirsted for Dr. Thompson's gore, he care- fully conoealod that sanguinary oraving.. Mirabilo. diet» I it was formally resolved that tho report be handed to the Press for publication. Was there no elderly municipal Hotspur rashly impotuous enough to movo that the dooument which oontainad so many unpleasant comments about the sanitary, condition of tho town bo pnblioly "ohucked ."-nmid Alder manic bkeorV^-into the river t ' Ko, the report was received with a meekness that was perfeotly lamb- like. I STUANOE to say, it ia emly two or throe months ago since the " nuisances " about whioh people) com I plained, and which ara enumerated in Dr. THOMP ?SON-'S report with exasperating detail« wera treated with lofty derision. The very suggestion of dangerous " smells " was treated with a majestic scorn that would have led a stranger into believing that the atmosphere of the street« was ambrosial, and that the early morning breeza that rippled the " greenery yellery " coatenta ot the gutters was laden, like the gales of Araby, with olfaotory organ ravishing perfumes. It was even hinted with grim humour that the typhoid "scare" was an "elec- tioneering dodge." Unfortunately, all the pleas- antry of that insipid little joke is eliminated by the cold, matter of fnot report by Dr. Thompson, of forty-seven cases, including Ave that were fatal. Figures uf this kind are A little too impressive, even for munioipal Jua Millers. They are certainly not pleasant reading, and os they were gathered from indisputable sources it was manifestly impossible to question them. The accuracy of the report as a whole was ovidently tacitly admitted, as the resolution authorising tho handing over of the papers to the press, was mot by no opposition. That report is now being read throughout tho dis- trict, and will run tho sensational Windsor murder case very close for first place as interesting news* paper matter. Tn KHK ia no circumlocution about the report ; a spade ia called a spade in unequivocal English, The j absence of any rational provision for carrying off refuse water from the houses in the principal paris of the town is condemned in very emphatic language, but the evil is by no means exaggerated. Unfor- tunate ratepayers in several parts'of the main streets are on the horns of a dilemma.- As no method has been devised by which people can oonsume their own soapsuds or tho water in which the humble " murphy" or succulent cabbage is boiled, without injury to their vital organs, a difficulty baa to be faced. This domestic refuse has to go somewhere, and aa the only exit for it in many eases is a pipe running under tho footpath to tho kerb of the street it finds its way through this channel. Then tho fun commences. As no gutters have been formed the refusa water lies about in pools until it beoomes a ghastly compound, gaily decorated on the Burfuoe with filmy flakes that display dirty combinations of all the colors of the rainbow. Then people pass along with their nasal organs savagely clutched, and-mutter. What they mutter may be imagined I by people acquainted with tho fine, robust, orna- mental phrases of the Anglo*Australian tongue. SEVERAL cases have been brought against house* holders for allowing "slops and suds to drain into the road, but they have fallen through. Obviously the Counoil has no right to proaecute in such cases until it supplies a sane systom for getting rid of such refuse. After reading Dr. THOMPSON'S report, one can arrive at one conclusion only. Foul stagnant pools in the atreots, back yards redolent of garbage, and a dofeotive night soil, system, are constant sources of danger calculated to aot as disseminating agents in the evout of an epidomio. But there seems to be no rcaBon to doubt for a moment that the primary cause of the existence of typhoid was the hideous condition of the railway camps at North Lismore. Hundreds of men "squatted" in close proximity to the river, and freo from any super- vision, aoted as they would have done if camped in the heart of the Big Scrub. And this with nouses in closo proximity I It is surely significant that most of the typhoid oases occurred in North Lismore or could be traced to the camps in Borne way. Dr. Thompson's remarks on those camps and others formod on tho line can scarcely be read without a rising of one's gorge. . MUNICIPAL COUNCILS ara perfectly tn earnest in their high-souled yearnings for economy whoo tho salaries of their officers aro concerned. I>r. THOMP- SON, with a duo regard for tho HtnesB of things, points out that a salary of £20 is not a munificent omolumont for hunting up nuisances in Lismore But the Ballina Counoil has "goue ono better" than the Lismore oivlo solons, and has advertised-or is about to advertise-for an Inspector of Nuisnncea who is to draw tho priucoly revenue of. £10 per annum. Times are bad, it is true, but ten pounds for twelve mouths' labor in rooting out nuisances I The man who would go around for a wholo year, Buiffiug ut baok yards nnd making himself au object of homicidal dislike to people who rovel in nastiness, for the sum of ton pounds, must bo a case-hardened person with n nose that hus. long censod to tingle when brought in contact with "matter in tho wrong place." PEOPLE who expect to handle money this month in this district must bc prepared for a dismal disap- pointment. It is held too tight. Tho intorest on o p's, falls due, and to a vast numbor of struggling settlers the " Ides of March " represent a time of scraping and mental anxiety that is calculated to turn moat of them as grey as the proverbial badger. 