THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. j " I would give a million dollars for | e stomach," said a wealthy American recently, j Now, a million, dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he wag not able to buy the article even at that price Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of Ifo. 3, Poplar pow, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, bat he has already enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got Here is his story, and he shall tell it in hie own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say: " Up to eight years ago 1 had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I haddreadful pain after Bating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the# latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My month used to * fill up' and my throat would swell so i couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call tlve doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks, ' I then went as out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that 1 was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom mended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derby shire Infirmary, Derby. The first one said; * You are in a galloping consumption, and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing but shooktheir heads. " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what litle I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometime as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep fo? fear the phlegm would choice me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth, were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy. sweat; My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hdurs looking ai my hands- nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. . " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, * I can do you, no good ; I can only patch you up, because $our lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and fcried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see in e said,1 WeU, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' " About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, 4 Tom, did you eoea try Mother SeigePs Syrup ? and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work sinee. " Of course my strength did not return all at once.but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him Or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. & r Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from whish he suffered? Not a galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped to his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh) which has lung symptoms like con sumption, for which it is often ignorantiLy mistaken and wrongly treated. When the fight remedy, Mothers Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all. diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation t We heartily congratulate Mr, Gaskin on his recovery and commend the facts of his case to a thinking people. ] A 43-ibi. named Elizabeth Joseph met with ! a very painful accident on Tuesday. She had ] Imng a kettle Over a gas jet, and when the ) water was boiling, by some means spilt it over her neck and. shoulders. Her screams attracted imm-Mliate assistance, and her in* juries were quickly attended to. 