BYSTANDER'S NOTEBOOK ? * ? When the interests of the squattocracy were imperilled during the bush strike a ? bankrupt government cou|d find ^^ thousands ot pounds to preserve — aucrr 'law and order.' 3ume hundreds ^till. of swaddies were equipped in all the 'Dride. pomp, and circum stance of glorious war ' to protect the pro ? pii-ty of the pure merinos and suppress the strike. Now the equattopracy are dis tilling ' the yellow-agony^' through a4ittle illicit still of their own at Camooweal, and the Government have no funds to tranship the almond eyed back to South Australia. We hear of large dams and other voluabie improvements being constructed by pigtail labour for bare tucker. ' The principles of humanity forbid,' says Sam. Oh, ye .Toss house idols! Ssm's all-eint racing philan thropy gathers the heathen Chinee under its wing aa a hen /gathers her chicks— sp long as they'll work for threepence— a whole threepenny bit, mark-you— a day. But, Sam, perhaps they am' a to green. Maybe they won't deprive -the_ syndicated of their threepenny fjite, but will go fOSBick inpfor;go1droT^qtt»t-down-'tto -make the metamorphio rock bloom into cabbagee.' I — [Alaric. * / * * ? I like^ltat phrase- -' the principles— of- humanity forbid.'; They forbid him to charter a Vessel to tranship the pigs' celestials to the' colony which im wool. jtorted them. They don't forbid their engagement at threepence a day to compete with white navvies who can't work for less than three half-crowns They don t forbid him to preach a reduced wage and a, consequently reduced standard of comfort for white workers. A cumer bund, or tig-leaf apron, and a plate of rice iB Sam's latest utopic for the white workers of Queensland. Consequently, when Sam talks about ' the principles of humanity,' I think ' there is more cry than wool ' as the newchum said when he went to shear the pigs. As a youth I was always taught that the pig was the^most greeay and unt ? TTprtiihla thing in existence. Now, how _ ever, I think there is a decidedly gregdlerr amore filthily loathsome, uuwashed, and unwashable thing and that^is— Capital. Consequently, when Sam prates aboutH;he 'principles of humanity,' I think we can \- class it as pigs' wool. ?— [Alakio. teh ^ ^ * Since the issue of the cheap labour mani festo Sam's health has been a matter of serious concern to his friends. sam's He cannot sleep at night, queer -pbea-ms. dreatas haunt him. He conies home from that political gaso meter, the Assembly, and trundles into i-ed. In tuVfiret^leep he sees agaia the banquet in the South Brisbane town hall. Unmack with coarse coldblooded brutality describes labour as 'a commodity,' and the Chief Secretary mutters an approving 'hear hear.' Then the stillness of the hafl .rhumber is broken by the sonorous voice of the ghost of that Uritinh who, in his unregenerate days, wrote ' Wealth and ? Want11— Restlessly he turns over and sleeps again. Suddenly he is tweaked by the nose and the ghost of Karl Marx thrusts the Elementary Law of Property Bill uito his hands. Then the ghost quotes to — 4nm i*a8sages iroiu— Capital ' which jthe unregenerate Griffith once knew by heart. ' Confound you, JMarx^JejLft, poor devil sleep,' he matters, and onceinore he draws the bedclothes around him. Then he sees the city steeples crowned with weather cocks made in his image, and he learns ' that his name has pone down to the ages as the emblem pi_ bcgnsi»ncy. . History unrolls the Soroll ot Jtame and shows mm his name erased and opposite to it written in testers of fire the oue_wi-rd_' Judas.'^ Visions of the poor in want and misery flit -~-- by, and allr?ven the children, revile him \- —be who- grudged Them ^their-bread and - butter in return for their fathers' toil. He sees the general elections^ and one by one his oolle&guBBr;^SffiSck, Toker, Oowley, HodgkinsonTaira'tJo., are carried by, poli tical corpses bound for the political morgue. Restlessly he tosses to and frfi, but there is no sleep for him. Worst of all, he sees the sarcastic grin on the faces of the sweHs-^alu home for whose favour, he has so igno miniously toadied. 'So sorry, Griffith,' says ' my dear Lord Knutsford ' with a grin— 'so sorry it happened beforo you became a peer.' Wearied out he sleeps at lastj but wakes up unrefreshed. Un deniably he is ape-ing fast. The labourer on his straw mattress sleeps far more com fortably than Griffith on his bed of down. ? : ? ; ? -TAlARIO. ? * * * A great many honest people seem to regard the much' abused 'agitator' as the real cause of all this world THE AGiTATOn. wide trouble between La bour and Capital. A great many dishonest people imagine they be lieve so, too. According to them this obnoxious individual, too lazy himself to work, still manages somehow to wring an enormous salary from the hard won earn ings of the genuine working man by hold ing up before his hungry vision shadowy Utopias that can never be realised. Also if he were but removed tho difficulty could be at once overcome. Why is he not re moved then ? Is it because these people ^ have not the strength of their alleged con I Ho vioUons? Or is it because of the self evidence of the fact that an agitator can no more agitate without reaBon than a seed . can grow without soil ? Or that the success of the agitator is a convincing proof of the I fertility of the social soil on which his Y doctr'ule8~are scattered? It is simply^ I because no one can now deny, with intelh I gence, that the germs of the social revolu I toon are fast rij-euing into planthopd and I fruitage that the agitator ie. neither te-t I moved nor, discouraged* except by abuse. For all are agitators who have the Labour ? Movement at heart, and if privately or publicly one convinces another in any way of the great truths that underlie it, thfiy are as much agitators as in Gilbert Casey, who, it is generally held by the capitalistic dailies is an agitator of the very blackest 'ayer— -^_____ ? [O. * # *F ? ~ ? These same daily papers, in every issue, abundantly manifest -the-great unrest that prevails everywhere that IT IS COMING, the wage^sysiein .prevails to-day. There are tutnnurs and records of strikes athouiBuudabrajJ and of industrial discords here, there, and everywhere. Lsillurly we tbm\ of l)lr»nri~ being shed, which shows snrnly that the 'acute phase of the struggle is n-i\v bt-ting entered upon. Who theu is4;here thar, can deny in his heart that a great eo^isl revo lution is working before our very eyes? There is no use of our blinding ourselve* to the fact We can see it vaguely, we can feel it moving, half jconeciouidy an yet,- in the womb of time,' and we know -:h;it, sooner or later, it must out. This, too, whether we like it or not. How it will out, whether by force or by gentler methods, is a question no one can answer. At any rate, C.ulyle thinks that 'there will he two French revolutions if needed ; there will be just- aw many as are ueeded.' When once a revolution h;is entered into the actual relations of a com munity it cannot be stamped out by force ; all that can be done is to give the hhw ideas 'external moral recognition.' This is the preliminary stepping-stone tu a peaceful solution of the industrial pr .-!ilnni ; a denial of this brought on the French revolution. Th'e~~Labour Movement is u'i great social force that has lain impotent \ through long centuries ef evolution, but that will not lie quiet much longer It ' begins to fefel its power— it lives, ' I am J oonvinced of tho approach of revolution,' I says a great writer. 'It will be either brought a^out legally with all the blessings and benefits of peace, if the people in high places have any eense and make up their minds in time, or else it will be a savage and terrible irruption with hob-nailed boots and destructive convulsions. It will come in the one way or the other. Wheu f ir from the noise~ulrthry— f-ehufc- myself up in history, then, oh ! then I already hear the echoing sound of its dis tant feet.' [O. * * - # j Nobody can charge the Labour Move i ment with attempting to out down salaries. ! | ? TteTTtOTieTir-trniohwt-is-not- j ? ._ .civil ^iiigenjproua. It is one of the \- BgnvicB ? uiuhi u^)^ls^?^TC^otH^-tfftit8-^n his reductions, charncter that he bears no grudge against the 'brain I worker ' for his larger share in the good : things nf life — always supposing.that on a : rough estimate UiU.unn Rets in return the ! mere VHlue^of his labour to the community i at large. But of course thore are 'brain : workers ' and brain 'workers, and there is : an artificial estimate of the value of work j and -un approximation, at all events, to i s . true value. Griffith has been preaching ! starvation wage* outside the service. Say«!8 a-ks him to take his quack medicine ! t ? hefnis of departments. Nothing could ; be more absolutely fair. The men in government billets of less than £'200 a year ; are more or lo.-*s affecri'd by the (jutting of ; wages outride. -Arailway porter, an engine cleaner, or a messenger is less secure in his ' billet when there are thousands of men loafing1 or working at starvation rates than a' though men employed by private fi-m« had be:ter reason for contentment. The high and mighty ope runs no «uch risk. Enthroned far, far above the tide of com petition he draws hi- fat Bcrew from year's end to year's end, utterly unconcerned with the struggle for existence below. Thus, what the Grifftlwraith has done in rejecting Sayera' advjoe, Sb, ptfwfcioaUy to make the 4 g^ap still bigger between the well paid official and the rank and file. And that, of co'irse, is just what we tnighb have expected. # # # It generally (though not always) happens that things that are the hardest to get are the best worth having - \--BHOP but it often occurs also that whilst eably. we spend our lives in struggling for the big and difficult things for our children, we have to content our selves with the fruits of easier conquests. The Early Closing .Movement is a case in point l(or some time the shop assistants -of-J3risbaiie have been agitating for the boon, and now they are Happily within reach of a firsb instalment. To-rfcy the drapers' shops in ^ueenratreet begin to close on Saturday evenings at nineTo'clockT There seems no reason why they should not shut earlier than that, but everything depends upon the workers-themfiglves or rather upon their wives and sweetKelffEB^ If they persist in shopping late then the Assistants' Early Closing Association might just as well give up in despair. Tliic app]ie3 not only to Brisbane but to every town in the colony. ' Long hours behind Bhop counters are bad for anybody, but for women folk they are especially injurious, and when it comes to sweltering in blaiiug gas light far into the evening, then it in nothing less than a crime on. the part of those whose thoughtlessness is at the bottom of it. The whole question resolves itself into one of mere convenience. The objections raised to the shortening of hours in productive occupations do not apply to the early closing of shops. So far from limiting production a tremendous suing of time would follow a successful attempt to buy what we want during an eight hours day. Let workers boycott the man who persists in keeping open late instead of taking business to him and we Shall, ;soomi have. sealed the early closing question, iV, , '* ft'1' 4»U 'SECURING' FREE LABOUR AT BROKEN HILL. 