SECRET OF BARR4V0E. CHAPTER V.— (Continued.) ' Oh, no — no ; that is not what I meant,' she said, clasping her hands in a kind of despairing protest. ' I don't want company ; I can never be fit for it.' ' Excnso me, I think you can. T , I tmnic you wouia enjoy mo auvw iy 01 cul tivated people. Living alone in a fara way place like this, narrows the mind.' ' Yes,' she said again, in a forlorn kind of way. 'It is no use thinking about me ; nothing can ever change my life.' : ' Why not ? you are very young.' '? An intense passion filled my heart as ?I beheld her thus, sitting in that damp, desolate arbour, dressed in the common ?hlue'eerge' gown already showing signs of shabbiness at the seams, and thought of her destiny, withering into old maiden hood in, a succession of long dreary days passed with a drunken father, among the ruins of hopes and the ghosts of her fancy. The lot of a woman was hard certainly. If she had been a man, sturdy and well-grown as she was, she might have fought her way in the world as I had done, and been as successful. ' Think of me sometimes,' she' said again, her blue eyes fixed on me with a kind of patiSnt sorrow. 'Think of me, it will help me when you are gone, and I -am; more mtserable than ever.' 'Kathleen!' I broke out, and what mad words and foolish protestations might have escaped me I know not; .hut at that instant loud cries of 'Mr. ' Barclay, sir, your honor,' reached our Sears, : and Biddy, breathless, red-faced, Sand running, announced the arrival of ? ;tne long-epeciea car. ; : ' I shall not come with you. Good Shye, Mr. Barclay.!' Kathleen wrung my head nervously, 'though she preserved a strange com 'posure, and turning on her heel, walked v away in the opposite direction. i? Good-bye, Kathleen — God bless \- you !' I called after her, but she never .moved her. head ; I could not even guess 'whether she heard me. A moment later I was driving away %oih Barravoe. The rusty gates once more opened, this time for my exit, and ? closed upon me with a dull satisfied ? clatter and malicious hang. I was still John Barclay, young and successful, with the world before me, and yet that Sad, spectral place, those dreary grounds, that forlorn old man and his daughter, had changed me in some incomprehen 'sible fashion, for as I drove, away it seemed .to me as though I had left a part '-of myself behind. ' ;? .CHAPTER VI. ' Arrived jn Dublin, a complete revul sibn eajne over my feelings.. . I breathed (S more* freely. ' It was as though I had . emerged from a tomb. ' Ideas of death 'and decay and melancholy passed away, and the sober realities of life reasserted their supremacy. ;;j n'I went to the hotel, called for old news papers, and endavored to read and gather -:all the intelligence I could find respect ring the Coola murder. As the event ?was recent1— in fact, had happened only a mnntli nrnvionslv — ? I found nO' difficulty in acquiring a pretty clear ? idea of the facts of the case. No sus ? picion of any kind seemed to have at attached to Myles Donovan. The mur der was universally behoved to have been perpetrated by some of the friends of the ? poor sqttatters themselves ; but there ' was no evidence forthcoming sufficient ? to justify the arrest of any but one young man, Pat 'Havy, who had been heard to use threatening language, and who had been seen walking on the road the same ; eVening in the direction of the spot where the murder was committed. Still, the evidence against him was unsatisfactory, ''add it seemed rather as if the authorities expected him to turn informer than as though guilt could be brought home to him. Myles Donovan's name was never even mentioned, and the motive of the ' 'criiiie'did'not seem far to seek when one remembered the hatred and misery of those wretched squatters. So far.Jao good. I knew now all that was- to be known ; and I alone, ap ? parently, was possessed oE a cluo which ? would lead suspicion into an entiroly ? different channel. Was 1 justified in making use of the knowledge thus ob tained while partaking of the hospitality oh and treated with confidence and kind ness by, the man I suspected ? 1 es, if .the question lay between saving an in nocent person's life, or letting him go to death as the natural result of my keep ing silence ; no, not if it were not my ' j business : and Pat Havy having been discharged, the onus pvobandi lay upon the police. How could I bring myself to denounce the father of dear little Kath leen, the child of pretty whims and inno ' cent graces, except under the awful pre sence of necessity ? — and up to the pre sent there seemed no chance ot that. Pat Havy might turn informer, Myles Dono van himself confess. The latter event 'was very unlikely, cortainly. All that I knew of his character led me to boliovc ; that kisiihdomitablo prido and his surly doggedness would preserve him from ro , mprso, and enable him to tide over any weaknesses which, with a less strongly constituted man, might possibly lead to , eelf-accnsation, One of my relatives in Dublin was a magistrate, and from his lips I learned that, though the police felt morally certain that the deed was 4('ne by somo of the evicted tenants, yet that they almost despaired of procuring evidcnco enough to hang him, the fact ' of the deceased gentlemun being so unpopular greatly militating against any person coming forward to denounce the murderer. Shall I confess that I felt a little happior after this ? I shrank in ? cowardly fashion from tho horrible task of hunting to death a man whom chanco alone had given into my hands, and for a pitying contempt ; whilst for his daughter I ontertaincd considerable re . epsot, mixed with regard and admiration. (To be Continued .) 