Mit mvb Mnmm Don't cry over spilt milk. Rush around and find the cat. A bicyclist upon a country road may not be a penitent man, but he is often bowed down in the dust. ' We are organising a piano club. Will you join?' 'Cheerfully. What pianist do you propose to club first ?' It is easy for the small boy to ' make a clean breast of it,' but the rub comes whq^you wait him to wash his neck. ' Do you believe man sprung from the ape ?' 'No; but I believe woman springs from the uiuuee — in zaou J. veooou uer uu iv. 'Papa,' said Kenniboy, 'did mamma ues to make you stop doing things you wanted to do when you were as little as me?' Teacher— 'Now, what animal is it, my dear, that furnishes you with shoes to wear *nd meat to eat ?' Little Girl—' My father, ma'am]!' Men who lay wagers hatch disappointments. The politician who clamors for 'a free inter change of opinion' should attend a sewing-bee. Smith — 'So you are a poet? And may I ask how you make your living?1 Ronde — ' Oh, I win all the fasting competitions of the season.' Ethel— 'There goes Miss Sykes with a gentleman.' Charles — ' Is that remarkable ?' Ethel — ' Perhaps not ; but at her age it is im portant.' May — ' Do you believe in real live fairies ?' Agnes (whispering) — 'No; but I don't want to say so out loud, 'cause one might be lisben An American jonmal printed recently ' the editor lies like a pirate' for 'the editor begs leave to explain.' The compositor is now in search of a situation. Husband (who stayed at home) — ' Did you enjoy the service, my dear?' Wife — 'Did I? Well, there wasn't a woman in the whole church who had on as stylish a bonnet as mine.' When yon find two women oonvereing to-day With earnestness, II not afraid To listen, jou'll en ely hear one o( them say, ?' And how are you having it made f 'Arthur,' said a good-natured father to his young hopeful, 'I did not know until to-day that you had been whipped at school last week,' 'Didn't you know it, pa ? I knew it at thetime.' Miss Giddigush— 'Mr. Crusty, did you see the Cooington baby? Da tell me how it looked.' Old Crusty— 'Um— ah! It is quite small, clean-shaven, red-faoad, and looks like a hard drinker.' Featherstone — 'Do you believe in ghosts?' Travers — 'Well, for years I have been living in a haunted house.' Featheratone — ' Yon don't ' tell me ? Who is it haunted by ?' Travers— 'By my tailor.' He — 'Suppose we go'out in the country and «n joy the balmy spring air.' She— 'But, George, isn't it dangerouB? I read in the paper that the hedges are shooting and the bull rushes out.' School teacher— ' Johnny, what is the second letter of the alphabet?' Johnny— 'Don't know.' 'What flies about the garden?' 'When ?' ' In the spring.' ' Oh, I know mother after the hens.' Mrs. Witherby— ' Your old clothes man was around to-day.' Witherby (grimly) — 'Tell him next time that if he wants to look at any old clothes of mine he will have to call at the office and see them on me.' Tom Collins— 'The singing of the church choir to- day reminded me of an experience I had the other night returning from the club.' 'What was it?'— 'It took me about half an bom* to strike the right key.' She — ' Will you write to me on yonr 'return to college?' Edinburgh student — ' Why— er— you know I can't write.' She—' Oh, I don'6 ' expect you to write brilliantly or amusingly ; just write as yon talk.' First 'suicide '(struggling in the water)— 'There's nothing in fife worth living for.' Second suicide — 'True, but I've just thought of the fact that there's nothing in death worth dying for. I'm going to get my clothes and^go horns,' 'She rejected him, then?'— 'Yes.' 'He need to praise her beauty in 'glowing-terms. I should think that would have made her fall in love with him.'— '_It made her fall in love with herself, and ahe hadn't room for a thought about anybody -else.' Guest— 'I wish I had come here a we9k ago.'' Hotel Proprietor— 'Ah, that's very flattering to iny establishment.' Guest— 'I don't know about that. What I mean is that I would have preferred to have eaten this fish then instead of now.' ' So your nephew is going to get married ?' 'Yes, ma'am, next Saturday the knot will be tied.' Little Johnny, who has been listening with open mouth, says — ' I say, ma, on the last day they let the poor fellow eat anything he wants to, don't they ?' A laborer in a rough felt hat and long smock walked the other day into the Shakespeare Library at Stratford, and after looking atten tively for some time at one of the custodians, went up to bim and said, 'I say, zur, be you Mr. Shakespeare, as Pve heer'n speak ov ?' Macdbnald— ' 1 want to ask yon something. Is it right to take a girl to the theatre in a cab if it doesn't rain!' Ringway — ' Are you going to many the girl?7 Maodonald— 'That depends. Why?' Hingway— ' Be- cause if you are, take her in a tramway car every time.' Englishman— 'Pardon me, bit; but where do yon come from f Paddy — ' From County Cork.' Englishman— 'Then that accounts for your brogue;' Paddy— 'May J. ax where you come from?' Englishman— 'From Worcester, sir' (proudly). Faddy—' Then that accounts for your sauce.' Fashionable Youth (faintly)—' Doctah, my aw- head feels awful 1 Does grip evah go to the brain?' Doctor—' Sometimes.' 'I have pains ruehin' around all ovah, in my arms, and hands, and feet, and everywhere. — 'That's grip.' 'What's it trying to do, dootah?'— ' Trying to find your brain, probably.' Said the elderly farmer-looking man—' I want a [notice put in the paper that I want a woman who can caok, wash, iron, milk four cows, an' manage a. market waggon.' ' All right,' eaid the advertising clerk. 'Shall I state what wages wiU be paid V ' Wages nothin'!' shouted the farmer looking-man. 'I want to marry her.' The-scene was a Cambridge wine party. Men were speaking of the advantages of faith and innocence, and a sentimental undergraduate quoted Wordsworth's Heaven lies obont us in ©nr interior. 'Yes,' retorted a well- known voice, 'but that is no reason why we should lie about heaven in our old age.' Younger brother— 'Nellie, if you had lived in the days of Ananias and Sapphira you would have been dead long ago.' Nellie (in dignant)— 'I am sure, Bobby, I never told what wasn't true in my life. How can you be so unkind !° Younger brother—' Why, they lived about eighteen hundred years ago. You wouldn't have hong on as long as this, would you?' ... A widow bad a son who was rather wild, and one day she was confiding her troubles to an old and trusted friend. ''lam afraid,' said her friend, ' that yon are not firm enough with . John.' 'On the oontrary,3I am sometimes afraid that I am too harsh.' 'Why, what have you^ver done !' ' Oh, I have talked to him a great-deaL' 'What have you said?'' ' Why, I have said * John ! John !' and other severe things.' Mrs. Morton (angrily)— 'Tommy Horton, what made you hit my little Jimmy ?' T. H. ? 'He struck me with a brick.' Mrs. M. (more anRrily)-;-' Well, never let me hear of your hittiDghimagaia . 1£ he hits yon, come an' tell me of it' T.H. (sneenngly)— ?« Yes ; and what would yon do?' Mrs. M. ? 'Why I'd whip him! T.H. (in disgust)— ' What ! he hits me with a brick, and you have the fan of licking him for it 1 Not if I know it.' Nervous gentleman (who has engaged evil looking individual to act as guide on a lonely part of the road) — 'But, my good man, are you sure you have taken the right road ?' The individual (gruffly)— 'I know I has; we are now close to the 'Bloody Gulch/ where a man's ekelington was found last summer with bullet holes in the skulL ; They tried to fix the murder on me, but (with a grin of great satis faction) they couldn't prove nothin'. No, they couldn't prove nothin' !' A German professor was remarkably absent minded. Whenever he was engaged in his study solving come ab3truse problem, his wife brought him his dinner. His favorite di^ was pancake and molasses. . One day his wife brought him a large pancake and a pitcher of molasses, and went back into the kitchen. Pretty eoon she heard the professor ring the bell. 'Why is it,' he asked, indignantly, 'that you bring me nothing to eat except molasses?' ' Aeh fiimmel i' exclaimed the wife, 'yon have in fmu absent-mindedness tucked the pancake around your neck, think ing that it was a napkin.' She (from Glasgow}—' Edinburgh society i9 ' very exclusive, isn't it?' He — 'Yes. Wh«n ? I was there I called at a friend's house, bu6 ; the servant declined to take in my card until I was identified.' Gus de Jay— ' Y-a-a-s ; I had a bahd time, you know, with the fevah. It was thought f oh a time that I might lose my mind.' Young Woman (greatly interested) — 'And did yoa, Mr. deJay?' Mrs Trotter—' I hear that all three of Mrs. -Barlow's children have the measles.' Mrs. Faster—' Yes ; so I understand. They're so poor that they have to economise on the doctor by all getting sick at once.' 'Guard,' said- an old lady, 'I hope there won't be any collisions.' ' Oh, no fear mum,' answered the railway guard. ' I want you,' said the old lady, ' to be very careful. I've got two dozen eggs in this basket.' Johnny — 'Where you goin'?' Tomtnv — 'Hcme. Don't you hear ma callin' me?' 'That's nothin'. She called you two or three times before.' ' Yes ; but she's out at the birch tree now cuttin' off an ultimatum.' Patent Medicine Manufacturer — 'Doctor, don't you think you could discover a new disease f Doctor— ' Discover a new disease ! What on earth should I do that for ?' P.M. M. —'Because I have a new patent medicine which is the very thing for it.' A Scotch suitor took his betrothed's modest denial of a kiss, and refrained from extracting a kiss until after their 'bridal. 'Well, Jeannie, ye canna say but I was aye a oeevil lover,'' he then remarked. 'Oo, ay, lad, senselessly oeevil,' was the crushing retort. Mother — 'Willie, when you went to the cupboard to steal the jam weren't you afraid of something ?' Willie (who has been at the jam again) — 'Yes, mother.' Mother — 'Now what was it you were afraid of, eh ?' Willie— ' I was afraid I couldn't find the jam.' There waa an old witch of Malacca. Who smoked suoh atrooiouj tobacca. When tigers came near They trtmbled with fear, ; And didn't atlempt to attioca. A Cautious Lover — 'Did I understand you to offer me your hand in matrimony?' — ' Well, Miss Esmeralda, I didn't exactly com mit myeelf, but what I wanted to know was if your hand were free and if I were to pro pose would you be inclined to give me a favor, ble answer?' 'So you enjoyed your visit to the Zoological Gardens, did you?' enquired a young man of his adored one's little sister. ' Oh, yes ! And do yoa know, we saw a camel there that screwed its mouth and eyes round awfully ; and \- sister said it looked exactly Uke you when you are reciting poetry at evening parties.' 