THE WHITE SHE-WOLF. Bz GiLBB&t.GAMPBEIX.; V ".Quito wcl,doarpapa,"an8wcre \- but whoro is tho fino whito wolf-skin Jlrafc you proralsodrao." .-' vv- . "Your father did not 'find; hor," answered J 'IUvina, with a littlo laugh j 4.4 tho- whito wolf , was not oooaay to catch as ho fancied.-' v." . \- Aloxls had moyol a fow Btbpa ncaror to tho ;;lady, and was.liatoning with gravo attention to ; every word aho uttorcd,; ; ; 11 Aro white wolyoa so'diffiouR to kill, then ?" / nskedhc,. . /, ,4Ifcaooras:Bo, ray ditUo:man,V wternod tlie : tedy, 41 ainob your fathor and (U1 the sorts of : Koitopohhi woro unoblo to -do so/ - " \- : ."I have got a.'. pistol that good/old Michal "has taught mo to firo, and I am sure I could ' kill hor if ovor 1 got a sight of hor," obsorvod f Alexia, boldly, ; . . 4ThoroV a bravo boyi" returned Ravina -/ with oho of. her shrilUaiigbs ; "and noWi-won't / you oomo and, sit on toy knoo, for I dui vory fond ollittlb boys?" ,/' -,; " No, I don't Jikoyou," atipwcrcd Alexis, after a moment's consideration, "for Micbni ./.aays——-"- v- -.."' - 44 Go to your room, you insolent young brat,4' ; broko in his. fathor, in a voico of thundot1; ; "you spend ;so much of your , time with Michal and. the sorfs that you lmvolcarnod all y their boorish habits,".;. . Two tiny than rolled down tho boy's chocks ' asinobedtonoo to hia fathor's ordors ho turned about' and quitted tho . room, white Ravina . .darted a strange look of disliko after him, ' . Assoon, howovor, as tho door bad closed, tho fair woman addressed Katrina. V: 44 Well; perhaps you will not bo so unkind to mo ias your brothor," said aha ; . "come to mo," and as sho spoko aho hold out hor arms. \- Tho littlo girl carao to hor.withoub'hoaitatioh, and began to' smooths tho silken tresses , which were coilod and wreathed around Ravina's head. 44 Pretty,, pretty," aho murmured : V beautl- . ful lady." - 44 You soo, Paul Sergovitch, that your littlo daughter has takou to rao at once," remarked' Ravina. . 14 Sho has taken to yon.ln a moot wondorful manner," romarked Foul, with a plooiod smile; 44 you have quito obtainod possession of hor heart. ."Not yet, whatover I may do later oo>" on- swerod tho woman, with her etrango, cold smite. . Prosontly, tho .child grow tired of hornow acquaintance, and sliding down from her knoo,' crept from tho room in search of her brOthor Aloxis. Paul and Ravina remained silent for a fow moments, and then tho woman broko tho silonco. V . . "All that remains for mo now, Paul Sorgo- viiohf is to tr.eapaas on your hospitality, and to ask you to bend mo somo disguise, and assist mo to gain tho nearest post-town, which, X think is Vitroalfi." . 44 And why should you wish to loavo this at all ? 'demanded Paul, a doop flush rising to. his shook; 4\younro perfoolly safo in . my house, and if you attempt- to loavoSostbpchtn, you :», will inevitably fall into tho. hands of tho \- I'OllOO, v...' 44 And Paul Sorg07itoli will toll thom whoro can findmo?" questioned Ravina; with an Y3frmical mQeotiou in thotonoof hor voice;. < \- t4.I novor thought— that ia--— " atammerod iho mam. 44 Noj you jiovort bought, tlmt ; I could read you 8o plainly." puraued the woman, pitilessly :' !' but it is tho (ruth that I havo told you; and. \- f-oouer than. remain an inmate ...oS.-yoii house; I would- loavo it, oven - if all tho. police of- Russia ntood roudy to nrroat ino on its vory thrbs- hold." . . . . ' ' 44 Stay, Ravina. oxolaimod Paul, ' as tho ,womrm made a stop towards thn door ; 1 do not say whothor your reading. of my thoughts is right or wrong, ' but. heforo you loavc, listorr to . mo. 1 tell you plainly' that from the first mo- mcnt.that I. sot oybs on you, a-atrano now . fooling has rison up in ray hoart— hot.tho cold thing that sooibty calls lovtMbut a burning, ' rcaistlosB fluod whtoh -flows down ljko molton -lava from. tho. .volcano'a-.orator. Stay Itavina,' bo ray wife— you, aro safe onough from all pur- \--oalthoro."' ; r-' - V; 4? And dooa X'aul: Sergovitoh actually, moaii' to offer lna hand to a woman whose namoiiho docs not ovon know, and of ( whoso foolinga7 toward ( him ho is ontirely iAiionint ?" asked tho womnn, ' with'hbr custoraary mocking laugh. : ;/4,;-What .do I card. for namo:or birth ?", ro- .turnod he, . hotly ; 14 1, havo enough for both, -/apd as for loyot .my pMsidn : would aoon kindlo EoniQ sparks of it in your broost, cold and frozen as it may now bo." . . - . u Iiot .rao think a littlo," eaid Ravino, and, throwing horself;into' aii arm ohair, sho buriod ' hor faco in hor Hands and aoombd plungod in r doop roflebtion ; 44liateh," Bho said, at last 4,I havo tliought ovor yourpropqsal seriously, and, / upon cortain conditious',1 will cqnaorit.tb , bo-. \- cpmo ;your kwi£o. . At tho", preaont momont, I, .-havo no; inclination for. youj but, on tho other himdvXifoel po repugnmico for. yow.' I .will, ro- V;main hero a mouthV artd:durrag that tlmo Twill romaitt in a suito pf apartraentB whiohyou "will: ': iiavd proptircd for-mD." :Ev'ory' 'evoning I. will " visit'you hord for two hours, and upon your : ; makingyonrself ogreeabloVmy nltimato doolsioix / wiUdopond." / ...v.-. - Andsupposo that dcounon.BUouldboqnun- favoiiiblo'ono I" asked PaUl. '. 44 Thori/ ansiydred', Ravino, with a ringing iaugH,/'44tv'qliali,'a8 you' sayj lcayo.this and toko your hedii .wUh mo.'" r i 44 Tlieso : afo hard/ conditions," reinarked s pauV : 4f hy not . ohorton tlio';tirao of proba- My conditions aro unaltorablo, answerou : Rayina, .with ;a littlo.stamp-df the foot ; 44 do " you" ngrcov to tUomi or not l' - . - / ,4I iiavo' »d' aUernativo, ".answered. ho, sal- ' -'.\V ' !-;/..i?.i!Ch6' days slipped .alowly iid wearily a ' but '-Itevind tihowed no fugna of, rofpnting. ! VEvory byqmng, according to nor bond sho ppent two haurs: with Pdul and mado horsolf moat : - agrociibld, listening to , his ' far-fotchod,: ooraplh incnlu and hssovdrations oElovo atid tendorneos cithoriwith. a cold einilo or with ono of hor ' mocking laughs. . Sho rofuocd to allow Paul to visit hor in her own npartmonts, nnd tho only intrudor oho pormittod thero, oavo tho corvants was littlo Kattiiio; who had taken a strango. ''fancy to tho fair woman. Alexis, on tho con trary, avoided her as much nu ho possibly could nnd tho pair hardly ovor mot. . .. ' Mcanwhilo, curioua rumors began to bo circu lated regarding tho utrango: proceedings of the ' jodv whoiocoupiod tho auito of opnrtracnts : which lind formerly belonged to thowifo of tho nwnor of Kostopoliin. Tho eorvunu aoolnro.l that tho food ncnt up, though hacked about and ciit un ' woa never tuatcd, but thai tho raw meat iii'thu lotdot won ftonnontly miaaingr. StranRO ' — otin'da noto ofton ; hoard to, ibsuo . fronij tho ' Voiiia as tho pamo-striokon aorfs hurnod rVpaat Iho corridor upon which tho doors opened, \- nnddwolioradu tiio. houao.woro frcauontly jha- turbod by tho liowltiiga of wolves,, tho foolpnpts of » hioli wcro distinctly visiblo tho next morii- io", and, ouriLusiy onough, invariably in tho ..pardons isom?. tho west oido of tho houoo in iittlol Aluxfsfwlwfuund nocmcoursgomono sit with his fathor, was natural y thrown > Rro>t doal araonp tho serfs, and henra tho d s . cussed wltlr inanyoxoggorations Oo of/us most tronsurcd possoM.pus. wna .on .old hB ' 4ft" finv ifc- off. na many an lll-atarrou spaifow ' coiilil attest With bis mind cqnalonlly -dnel-t. ££M«a®3!saa .RonlQQlca Bbtubborlca of tho gattton. For .a fortnight matters, wont on in Una manner, Paul bocoming moro and -raoro in- fatuatod by tho charms of this strango woman. To satisfv a whiM of. hers, ho had even dis- mtBsod. old Michal from hia olHoo qnd forbidden him to approach ' tho liouse. But ' the . failUful old servant, 'wlioso loya .ter the children was atrongor than hia . fchr of puhtnhment, taok to .wander at qight about thooitorior .of tho grant whito houro, urged oh by somo feeling for whloh ho couldln.no wisa account. ' .Oiio ovoniog, as Michal :waa /making, his nccuetoraed tour of inspection , tho ' wml of a ohild struck upon lua oar. ,:Ho bont.dowii;liis head and- oagorly, lialoned- ; again- ho.; heard tho faint sounds, and in thom ho recognised (ho accents of littlo Katrina. Hurrying up to oiio of . tho ground - floor, windows 1 in . Itavijiaa apartment, from which a dim light streamed,' ho .prcsBod his faoo . against tho pano and looked steadily, in,- Ahorriblo.sfght prosented itsolf to his gazo. By tho. faint' light of a shaded lamp, ho saw Katrina stretched upon tlio ground'; but har wailing had now coosod, for a shawl had boon tiod across hor littlo mouth« 'Ovor hor was bonding a hidcoua shnpo, which Socmod to bo clothed' in somo. white1 and. shaggy- covering. Kqtrmdloy poifectry motioolcss, aud the handti of. tho figuro woro ongaged in hastily, rcinoviug the garments from tho child's brohst. Tlio tnsic was . soon, effected.; thon thoro was a bright gleam of steel, and tho head of tho. thing bont elosely down to .tho child's bosom. With a yoll of apprehension, tho old man - dashed in the window-frame, and, drawing tho croBafrom his broast sprang boldly into tho room. ,r . Thocroaturo sprang to its foot, andtho white fur-oloak falling from its head and shoulders, disclosed tho pallid features of Ravina, a short, broad knifo in her hand, and tho lips discolored with blood. -f" Yilo sbrcorosl"'Oriod Michal, dashing for ward and raising Katrina in his arms; "what holliah work aro you about 1" Ravina's eyes gloamed fiercoly upon the old man, who bad intorforod bctweon her and hor prov ; 8ho talked h'or dagger and was aboot 'tq spring, upon him when sho caughtsight of the' cross in nis extonded hand ' With a low cry1 sho dropped tho knifo and staggered back, \- Miohal paid but -littlobeodi tohor,forhowaa busily ongaged in exomining tho. fninting child, whoso head was resting holplosaly on his shoulder. Thbro was a wound oyer tho loft breftst, from which tho blood, was flowing; but tho injury 'appearod slight, dnd hob likoly to provo fatal. . As soon aa.ho hod satisfied himsolf on this point, ho turned to tho woman, who was crouching boforo tho- croaa as a wild beast shrinks away boforo tho whip of his tamer. 14 1 am going to rctnovo tho ohild," said ho slowly, 44daro to montion a word of what I havo . done or whither sho has gono,'andI will arouso tho villago. ' Do you know what will happen then? Whjr over/ peasant in tho placo will hurry horo with a light od brand in hta hand to consiimo this accursed houso and tho unnatural dwellora in . it. Koop silonoe, and I loavo yon . to your unhallowed work. I will no longer ecok to preserve Paul Sergovitch who lias givon himself over to tho powers of darkness by taking a demon to his bosom," Ravina listened to him" as.if shejiad seircoly comprehended him ; but, as the old nian.ro- treatcd to tho window with his liolpless burden, sho followed him, stop by stop; and as ho turned to cast one glanoo at the shattered wiiidojr,. ho aaw the. woman's pnlo faco and blood-staiiicd lips glued against an unbroken pano, witli a wild look of unoatistiod appetito in hor eyes. . -:Noxfc morning tho liouao of. Kostopohiu was filled with terror and anrprlso, for Katrina, tho idoV.'of 'hbr faUior'a heart, had disappeared, and no aigna of hor could bo discovered. ' '.Every effort was- mado tho. woods and fields in the neighbourhood were; thoroughly aonrchod but it wm at . lost - conoludod that robbpra had carried off tho ichild for tho aako of tho ran som that they might bo able to oxtraot from tho fathor. " . Tho day upon which all suaroh bad ccascd Ravina glided into tho room wharo alio know that she would find Paul awaiting lior. Slio was fully an hour beforo hor usual litno, and the Lord of Kostopohin started to his foot in surr priso." \- 44 You aro surprlsod to soo rao," said aho ; 44 but I havo only como to pay you a visit for a few minutos. I am convinced that you lovo mo, and could 1 but relievo a fow of tho objec tions that my hoart continues to raise, I might bo yours." 44 Tbll tho what tlieso scruples aro criod Paul, springing toward her, and, soizing hor bauds in hia; 44ahd bo euro tliat I will find meanB to ovqreomo, thom." ' 44 Listen," said -sho, as sho wlthdrow her hand. V I will take two moro hours for consi deration. By that timo tho wholo of tho houso of Kostopohin will bberodlcd in alumbor : thon moot mo at tho\old sun'-dial noar the yow-trbo, at. tho bottom of tho garden and I will givo you ray roply." 44 But .why not como book horo urged ho ; V thoro la a hard frost to-night nnd—1 V M 44 Aro you bo cold u lover," broke in Ravina, with her acoustomod laugh, ; 4,to droad tho changco of tho weather V But not qnothor word ; I havo Dpoken." . , ' V , Sho glided from tho room, but uttorcd a low cry of rage;' Sho almost foil ovor Alexis, in tho corridor.- . , Why ia that brat not in r sho oriod, angrily.' 44Go to your room, boy," oxoluimod the fathor, -harshly, and "tho ohild then slunk away. r ': : Pahl Sorgovitoh pao'od up and down tho rocra for the two. hours that ho had to pass boforo tho hour -of meeting..' His hoart was: very heavy, and a vaguq feeling of diaquiotudo bogan to oreep over him.1 : Twenty timos ho made up his mind not to keep, bis appointniont, and as often tho foaoinationa of tho fair woman com- pellod him to roocind bib resolution. ; Now aud akdiu hb glanced at tho 'clock, and at; last its doobVmotailio aound/qs it' struck . tho quarter, waruod liiin that ho had littlo timo-to loso, if ho intonded.to ksop hia apporatmont. - - ' Throwing on a hoavily furrbd coat and pul ling a travelling-cap do wn ovor his eara, ; lio opouod a eido door and Ballied out into the grounds. ' " Tlio dark shape of tho ypw- troo aeon roao up boforo him, and in another lhoinont ho atood booido; its din)ky' bouahs; Tho . old, gray onn- dial atood only o fow paoca off, and by lto aido wna standing a olender figaro,. wrapped ma wiiiio, Ooeoy-looking oloak.. It was perfectly niotionlosB, and again a thrill of undefined droad passed t!'rn"gh ovary nervo and rauaclo of Paul Sorcovitcli'e body. . ' -"Ravina!", said ho, in faltering acconts. 44 Ravina!" . . . . 44 Did you takomojfor a ghost i answorod tho fair woman,, with hor shrill touch ; no, no, I havo not como to that yet. Well, Paul Sergovitch, 1 havo como. to. givo you my, answor ; aro you anxioun about it ?" . . 4,How oan you oak mo ouoh a queBtion r returned ho ; 4.do not kcup mo. any longor in ausponuo. Is it-'yos/orJno . ; a i 44 Paul Sorgovitoh," answorod. tho strange, vroman» coming up to him and toying hor hands; upon his ahouldora and fixing, hor oyes upon his' with' that strango oxpros3ion boforo which, ho alwaya :quiulod ; 44 do you - really loyo inc, Paul Bcrgovitch ?" asked aho. : - .' Lovo you I" ropootod tho Lord of ICostop; chin ; 44 luwo I not told you n: -thousand times, how muoli my "wholo. eoul flows out toward you, how I only livo nnd brcutlio in your pro- bouco, and how donth at your - foot would bo moro welcomo tlmn lifo withcut you V' l(Pooplo ofton talk of (loath, and yet littlo know how noar it ;s to thom," mioworcd tho fair lady, a grim smilo appearing upon Jior fnoe; 44 hut toll rao, dp you givo' mo your whole hoarti,,;-'..\'-"' \- " AU X havo Jo yours,, Ravina, . rolurnod Paul; " namo, wealth, and tho devoted lovo of a hfo tune." " : 4.4 But your heart," noraiatod oho ; V it is your hoart tluflff \vant ; toll mo, Pqul j that it la rnmo andmino oniy."- > :l I «4Yg:tmy heart to youvd, denreat Ravinoj . nnswcrud Paut viidvavoiiiuig to - oiiibr:i fnir form in hit. inqmaatui cd grnr.p ; !««'. f-it-t glided from liim, ami then, -wills n quick Imuiiil, sprang upon him aiid ghucd in his faco u iili n look/that yras Absolutely npjinllihg. - Iter 'eyes, gloamed with n lurid firo, licr lip3 ivoro druun back, allowing, lior sharp, whito teolh, wliilo -hor brq.Uh c.imo in 'sharp, quick gasps. .V l iiin hungry," oho liiuruiurod/ V.uli, to - huogry ; but-how, Paul Sargbviloli, yotir heart is.mino." ' ., Her movomont was so sudden nnd unoir pccted that ho atumhlod and tell heavily to tho ground, (ho fair, woman obliging to hint and falling upon his. breast. It was thon that tho full horror t)f ' his poaithm ciinio upon Paul Sorgovitch, and. ho saw his fate clourly boforo hiio; but a tcrriblo numbness .prevented him from using his hands to froo himaolf from till htdooua cmbraco which was paralysing nil bis musolos. Tho faco' that was glaring/ into his. seemed to' bo undergoing toirto fearful change, -- and tho features to bojuning thoir somblanco of humauily. With a sudden, quick inovemont, sho toro opon his garments, and in-nnuthcr momont sho had perforated his left broast with a ghastly wound and torn out hiahonrt. 8ho hecdod not tho convulsive 'struggles which agitated tho dying form of tho Lord of Kustqp- chin, nor a 'dimimitivo form Approaching, shel tering itself bohind every troo and bush until it had arrived to v. ithin ton paces of tho sceno of tho tcrriblo tragedy. . ... Thon tho moonbeams glistened open tho long obtntng band of a pistol, which. a\boy was levelling with both hands at tho murdorcao. Quick and sharp rang out tlio report, and with a wild shriek, in which thero was i-omothiiig bcAst liko, Ravina leaped from tho body of tho dond. man' and staggered away to o tliick clump of bushes somo ton paces distent, Tho boy Aloxis bad heard tho nppointmont that had been tnado, and dogged his fathor's footstops to tho trysting-placo. -After firing tho fatal shot, hfs courago deserted him, and ho fled . back to tho houso, uttering loud ahrioks for help. Tho atarilod sorvauts wcro suon in tho , prcsonao of thoir slaughtered master, but aid was of no avail, for tho Lord of Kostopchin had passed away. With fear and trembling, tho supentitibus pauants searched Iho olump of bushes, and started back in horror as thoy porceivcd' a hugo. whito wolf, lying stark nnd. dead, with a human heart olasped fcotwecn its foro'paws.' 