THE SILENT SEA. BY AXTAHLO, Author of 1 An Australian Girl." Oil ATT Eft X.—(Condu(h~l.) At half past X there was a rin K- the hall d->or. Mis* Paget felt as if her heart wore beating iu her ears when she sw Victor entering. Had he come to tell her ' "Helen, you are not well," ho said, holding her hand as he looked into her face, lit was in evening RIN-ns, ami looted HO young and light bc.-u ted, so strong and '.veil, it teemed as though his mere presence should rive tin; lie to lear and gnawing cw.. But it did not. -• dli""iTls'onfv'niy throat that is a little (Jueer,"answered Mis. Paget. At the moment it was true, for she felt a dry, convulsive motion in it, and her voice sounded j a little hoarse Victor w f all i Very ™ « i aloud to your lattu-r father Halt "half tne the day cay; . lie ne a little reproachfully. It — darted -.--—-— through -, her mind like _,„..,„ a sting „„„. thai the picture limned of her little subterfuge! hereelf in hand md. read very little to-day,' she answered 1 have ; " nothing, read werrf; ^nothin,, I _ believe, _ but an awfully x ^ ^ ^ ^ . pielc up. 1 "May I hear what it was? A mere nothing about an old French Duke i - , i b who had been very much in love, and tiien got very much out of it, and told the lady so, giving her at the same time very good advice.'' "Hemust havo been a magnanimous child of nature," said Victor, laughing. " What could he find to say?" "Oh," he said, "We loved each other once, but now it is quite over. Believe me, constancy is a very tiresome and a very doubtful virtue. It is much better to forget things when they me, Helen," said Victor. How buoyantly ho la-aghtdAfter all, tiierc, could not be a • shadow of truth in the Tillotson story. He would not meet hc-r eyes with such frank goodwill if there were. He was on bis way to a musical evening at a house not far off. He meant to come earlier, so as to be able to stay longer: but ho had been kept at the office, going over miles of figures with Ins uucie. When leaving, he expressed a hope that he should see her at a private dramatic entertainment at the house of the Masons. She had accepted tentatively for herself and her father. But she did not know till the curtain rose who the dramatis persona: were. It is well established that no drama can have the distinction of being pertormed by amateurs unless it has a rejected and successful lover. It seemed equally established just then with some of the people who went in for such entertainments in Adelaide that their success hung on securing Victor for the rote of the triumphant lover. " Nature moulded him for that part," was the verdict of a young married lady, who seemed to cherish a conviction that nature had, with equal benevolence, designed herself for ths part of the young woman who is agreeably harassed by rival suitors. But on the present occasion this rtVc was sustained by Miss Freddy Mason, whoEe name had been coupled with Victor's by Miss Paget's friend on the previous day. . . . Yes, she was very young, and often very pretty, with that sparkling, irregular kind of prettiness that is far more dangerous than beauty of a more refined avid classic type. The play began with an amusing scene of a misunderstanding and a gradual recoil'Nation between the young lady and Victor. They both acted with great verve and an absence of the stiffness that so often renders amateur actors so pathetic a failure. "What a charming pair of lovers they make! !: was whispered on all sides. Mrs. Tillotson, nodding and smiling, male her way to Miss Paget between the acts. "You see, my dear, it is as I told you," she whispered. In the enthusiasm of watching a love affair in its nascent stages, the good lady had quite forgotten her vague hopes regarding tho niecc, whose designs for bellows were to be so much elevated by a study of the old masters. Miss Paget gave an answering smile, and said they were just the right age to play at being lovers without being ridiculous. To others who hinted and speculated in the same vein she made replies equally nimble and in different. -* She found it an interminable rvenincr. Now and then she had a little sensation of giddiness, as if she were clambering over places with insufficient foothold. But she chatted and smiled, and looked grave and arch, amused and svmpathctic, quite at the right moments till the close. . . . She recalled posters she bad seen pu an old carved gateway at Cairo, announcing the arrival of some jugglers in big scarlet words that were specially eloqr.ont as to the " eccentricities aerieimes es par la ioliu o • ijaruiurfie. She felt as if slic were a second j »ni„ Mile. Cardinale, but, fortunately, without any audience beyond herself. She told her father he looked fatigued. He admitted feeling so, and their carriage was ordered early. Victor overtook them iu the halL " Ycu are going. Helen, and I have not even spoken to you," he said iu an undertone after he had shaken hands with her father. "Oh yes," she answered, smiling, but there W33 no mirth in her eyes. " All these pretty sjieec.hes you made as the Romeo of the play—I took them all to myself. Was I very silly?" Despite her smile aud the studied careless ness of her words, there was a strained, hard ling in her voice, and Victor regarded her with ahalf-puzzled, enquiring look. "Will you be at home to-morrow evening?" he said, as he followed her to the carriage. "Then may I come for an hour or so ? Thank j you so very much!" When he came, the first thing he spoke ot was a letter which had reached the office that morning—the unexpected resignation ofthe purser at the iri'ines in which he was now largely interested. Mr. Stuart Drummond was Chairman of Directors, and oneof his clerks acted as town Secretary. " So here's a chanc-e for me to go into the bush, Helen. Shall I go to the ColtnarMim?" he said, half jestingly. Her heart leapt with a quick sense of deliverance at the thought. . . . Oh, if Victor were only safe in the social isolation of such a place for the next twe or three months "TheColmar Mine! Where is that?" she asked to gain time while she debated with her self what would be tbe best grounds on which to urge his departure. ; 1 hey looked up a map of South Australia, and he showed her whereabouts in the midst of the saltbush country the Colmar reef stretched lor miles from east to west. They both looked at it, neither of them speaking for j a m j . j , ' The evening was warm, and the doors and : windows were wide open. In the distance i rose the shrill whistle of the railway train; j nearer at hand the rumble of tramears and | the roll of carnages. And in between these j common sounds of a city stole at intervals the long-drawn, plaintive calls of a curlew from the midst of a bosky dell of weeping-willo-.vs on the banks of the Torrens. "Wouldn't it be dreadfully dull for you if you went there?" asked Miss Paget slowly. "If 1 were it would be a new sensation: and you know you told me once on the Mogul that was one of tbe elements of happiness," he answered smiling. J 1 i;. ' 57 uaKabont it then. ; replied Miss Paget half-bitterly, as she realized how the new sensations of the past few weeks had robbed ber of all peace of mi ml. "And you would have to rough it a good deal." she added, after a pause. j "Not veiy much. It would be a half-anr]- ! half sort of arrangement without the joys of , anxiety that I should take the billet for a couple of months. . , Now you see, „ - Helen, . what j a cantankerous Irishman I am. _ ! And the parties and amateur theatricals, don't they count, too?" "Ah. yes. By Jove, if I go, Miss Mason "Miss Paget would not trust herself to discuss Miss r.v„ Mason's — view n fof the t case. V > c ; > i " You would sooner go travelling about in the woods ?" she said, slowly. " Oh, "yes. The travelling and camping out and cooking are all so jolly! Did you ever eat potatoes roasted in their jackets in hot ashes ?" "No, never." " Then, Helen, you don't know how really heavenly minded a potato can be. And the teals cooked between red hot stones in a hole in the ground, and the waking up at night with the stars shining through the gum-tree over head, making their mighty procession across the sky, and all sorts of mysterious sounds in the woods 1 That curlew—do you hear her— —brings it all back to me—the vacations we used to spend bunting on the Murray." As Victor listened to the soft wailing notes a strange and sudden sense of disappointment fell on him. Fortune had smiled on him far beyond bis , expectations - , in those boyish „ schooldays not long gone by, and be was an affianced lover.for so m honour he considered himself, liut what was it that had escaped him? what 1 inexpbcable charmhad eluded him? A lover 1 : —and accepted! The bare thought used to agitate him wito shudders of vague delicious expectations. and now it was all so calm, BI ii>a1ter-of-Sa<-t. Wts it the sobering influence of 1 rojK-rty and of bring nt-arlv come of age? Cncunsfiiously ho v.-a* ov. rtak- n by one of tliote brief, wistful rev. i i«s that, c^me alibi to age an<l early youth. Ak< ! : v.-lili its ialiguo and ennui., its weariness oi avid watted effort, its growing iiid.^ i ling atwW.f the n»vi«RR<>f actum, • •.'.•... «. "i iremiii!<•-•< of that vanished spring I ;<li; when none of the daughters of iimsj.: wen- laid low. Youth. v.th its keen, unworn with its capacities of sensation dtn-jn-r than the s-»:irin of tears :.nd laughter, vibrating to lie- '.< rr- of pain ;i the jiivsti-riuus call; of lif", li-ids ill such li'U 1 K-s foretaste of the thrilling a.lvetttUK « jaopll. J -d l,y tin- fulness of iilo that j throl.-fn, its veins and fancies t,i . Miss P:*.* c N u "^Xi Uv ; tmn in\i-to»f .•„•,, a.,. the « oris < v UiUy falling m luv eame bacc to her like a bhost,iy warning. . . J One tcrs that you havo made sonnets ot it ' nil before now, Vicfor," s»td Miss Paget, un . ::sy :it till? of sequence iu their talk. lie did not rcncl the insinuation. Indeed, it was oier some of his boyish verses that their comradeship on llio Mogul >w<!_ lir.-t tak ;n ti nderer and more confidential tinge. " I think one gets rather sick of so much town." he said with a short, half-checked sigli. " Well, if my wishes have weight with you, I say go to the Colmar Mine." Victor looked a little taken aback at the calm seriousness of Miss Paget's manner. She went on in the same earnest tone— I have been thinking for the last wc-k or two that our months of waiting wo- ild ba a more real 1 probation l i! if a vou went quite anrn.V away "You would really "like me to go, Helen? Then that decides the matter." Victor closed the atlas, and stood up; strode to the open window, aud then back to Miss Paget's lido. The prospect of plunging into a new mnrle of existence . had in it some undefined , r . new mode of existence had m it some undelinea element of relief. " 1 11 take a hammer or two and go pro-pectmgtiil I discover a new gold mine. IHio-id • barbaric crowns of unalloyed metal ... " S K a i ™ .deeplymov^ that she could not at first trust herself to spsik. She was overcome with a feeling of ielief and thankfulness at this unlooked-for solutkm of the miserable and humiliating state of anxiety and unrest into which she had fallen. She despised herself for it, and fonglit against it all the'time, but unavailing!}'. She had told herself that, she should in reality covet every that of beif:g dispassionate, or acting sincerely. She had gone on her way so P^^-T^j 5 " cool ana conscious a ^ ^ X ^ S i ^ i n vears. The nearest ,ppr.,aeh to o ^king life hitherto neen a sober ^ l ^ of marriage from m.ddle aped men. Ahey made } )er smile—the idea of people at their time of life risi: ing their peaceful solitude by imitating the- squires of troubadour's song. But no, they bad no thought of emotion: it was rather the prudent union of two sufficient incomes that had fired the imagination of her elderly swains. . . . And now in the midft of her assured tranquillity she had been suddenly snared. It seemed as if her limits in the range of other emotion.®, and those biting memories of an unhappy, loveless girlhood, all combined to make ] lt-r cling to this one passionate affection with a vehemence which held her will and judgment in subjection. , Her voice was a little shaken, but Miss Paget smiled as she said, " But though vour uncle may be pleased, some o hers will "be sorry. Remember, Miss Mason" "Oh, yes. Can ycu keep a secret, Helen? That young lady is to be my sister-in-law. Lance" has proposed, and is accepted. They are waiting* for her father's consent, Lan'e doesn --------o t expect -— the paternal ,..„„-„„ blessing HII till hp be gets 8 "nif 11 i" 5 '' TWnt'o to t.ho to the news which scattered her worst torn to the by his doctor to leave England for a warmer climate. . "Perhaps we may bring Professor Codnngton back with us, Helen," said her father. And when Miss Paget made some ratter irrelevant reply, he said, in a somewhat severe tone, My dear, I presume you are aware that he is the greatest living authority on classic metres?" This information Miss Paget duly communicated to Victor when he came to say goodbv. " Well, don't you lot him present you witn a little dog, eke I'll be making speeches to you on the wisdom of forgetting things," said Victor gaily. Then he kissed her and went away. When was alone Pitched down as if strength bad suddenly departed from her. .« Bnt j wijj retain lIie eommaud of myself" she murmured brokenly. And she registered a great vow that, cinie what mi^ht, she would not, till the period of probation was over, betray the strength of the passion that had mastered her nature. CHAPTER XI. The Colmar Mine is three hundred miles to the north-east of Adelaide, in the Hundred of Colmar, in the heart of the saltbush country— a far-reaching district, known variously according to local xariations as the Saltbush Wilderness, the Dwarf Desert, and the Waterless Country. But by whatever name it may be familiar before it is seen, the region transcends in uncompromising bareness any mental vision may be. evoked by its names. A wilderness calls up a sombre uninhabited country, a desert land that has never been tilled : while waterless country is in itself a description of parched-up barrenness. But a wilderness may have luxuriant herbage. A desert may consist of leafy scrub or shady forest. And a land in whic-a rain is seldom seen, and rivers never, yet sometimes has great rocks whose shadow, falling on the thirsty ground, may serve as a symbol of man's salvation. But in this eerie waste there is no grass, no trees, no water—hardly the semblance of a hill. In many parts the sole vegetation consists of the saltbush, a sad-coloured, lowcreeping bush, more grey than green, which breaks when trodden on, with a brittle snap like dry stubble. In some places the saltbush grows in sparse clumps, in others the shrnb is dense, and spreads more continuously. And yet again there are wide stretches in which the earth lies almost naked, baked into reddish gaping fissures. When rain falls, it is with a tempestous rush—in a fury that lashes tbe earth instead of nourishing ib into f ruitfalness. Tbe stony watercourses are at such times filled with water; but high as it may rise, in a few days all traces of it disappear. The slender grey-green filaments of nameless plants die away. The earth, lying in flat monotonous uniformity; the cloudless sky, pallid witb continual heat; the wide majestic sweep of tbe horizon where the silent earth seems to pass into the quiet sky; the austere desolation and sterility —these are the things that remam. The air is seldom cloven with the beating of a bird's wing. Still more, rarely does the presence of man break the solitude. Sheepruns are few and far between. Many that were once fairlv prosperous are now forsaken. The | squatter might struggle with the chronic j drought; for the saltbush is an ascetic that has i learned the secret of living without water in the most barren soil, and sheep that are to the manner bora can live on saltbush. But a more . : implacable foe than drought came in the rab- •' ; isit. who is fruitful, and multiplies in these arid i j regions till every other creature that has the ' . breath of life is exterminated. The rabbits ' SWarm in the Hundred of Colmar, but they j cannot affect its chief industiy, which is ' minintr. The country countrv is here intersected inter. with j near the western end of one of these reefs, that j tbe Colmar Mine is situated, within eighteen miles of Nil peer a, a small township on the : Great Northern —— Kailway — line. i: Half II.if a : mile . to , _ -• the south-west of the mine there is a to.vnship, j also called Colmar. that scranc into existen-e , bouses, all, with the exception of the front part i of vthe , inn, made of „ iron. t • The country between Nilpeena and Colmar is partly wooded, partly dotted with reefs, and the reefs are dotted with the remains of many attempts at reaping an underground harvest out of the earth, whose surface looks as barren as that of the barren sea. It is apparent to the least instructed eye that the country is rich in minerals. Gold, silver, and copper have been found there, but the land is mostly waterless, and operations for the most part have : * „ - 1 J 1 been fitful, erratic, -" and unskilful. * "" Thus out ' of ' the thirty so-called mines and diggings that ; have been started within a radius of forty miles m the Colmar district, all except half a dozen remain ineffectual beginnings. i ^"S'JS'tes are marked by shafts and trenches ' and cehris of heaps of dirt, and stones that ' look as if burrowed up by larger rabbits than those that, have come to be the normal proprietors of the country. Around these heaps lie smaller ones—crude chimnev-stacks of unmor- ! tared stones; rotting sacks, full of native grasses, that have served as mattresses; broken ! tent-poles, with fluttering strips of tattered calico or duck; smashed bottles; empty rnsting tins: shreds of slop-store clothing; battered billy-cans; old hats, whose slov-nly, greasy brims speak eloquently of the loafers that make up a large proportion of the rioma<5a, ever on the move to these shifting fci Duiadoss wheie in a few days some " lucky biggar" has picked up enough gold to keep hitn in groij and idleness for .1 couple, of months, or years, Ps the case may be. The -a'.tlAis-ii iWntiy. as has bw:n said, is, for t!w most part, a. desert «':iste, w ith but few tr.v.es of lean's jiieseuee. J!ut t ho-e that are found m the foi inut it>f rted sluifts, and the silesof small ;;,,V!.-|| <;i(-;;i:ifis oegradc and vulgarize the J.-tialseaie. . Jiv.-is lli'- Colmai Mine, which. si«"o i» i"-' •liiity years a^ has Jll'V I ...ilKdvuattd, and is, at goldmines go in Soir.h An-tialia, on a large and pros|>eiloin..- an unsightly •;xeiesi;'-iKft in the wille, :LI.still-, and melancholy plain that sticti l.es aruund it to unimaginable distances. The enormous stack vomiting out smoke n;t-'ht «nd day, the, king irregular, engine house of galvanized iron, with its perpetual roar of machinery; the great heaps of bluish mullock, liie equallv massive mounds of red and chocolate- coloured tailings, the groups or squalid iron huts and motley patched tents ;n which the miners jive, all speak of a form of V* s- u ia<!ic;-.!lv divorced tioiu alt that oonstituUs civilized life; an existence, for the most part, unlovely as that of a tribe of savages, but without tile Favago tribe s pictuic-quo wanderings; also, it may bo added, without its occasional famines. But though ti 'e daily' routine'and surroundings of Colmar arc dull and prosaic to a degree, its history is not without some spice of adventure and vari< ty. I Gold was first found there l>y a solitary bushman, who had gone prospecting, and came npiiU a rich gutter of gold near the surface, from which ho extracted over £500 worth of •?old in a few weeks. He was robbed and m :r- Ic-red by two tramps, who surprised liiin as he was about to earry away his treasure. The TiuirGiTtis » ™ ^re cinvi^ted and hung. The muroerers » « s ^u.jl,^^ UJ \- o- £ otorjr. t t}lus gaj ned by the Col mar as a place j ; - „ w; th a pick and shovel and a ] £ w i ^ g Qf hnndred "'fcKc eaAstd a great rush to the . L'^L .^,, tl,n ^mvellv drifts of an old watercourse had been exhausted the place proved to have little alluvial gold. A j long low reef close to the creek was found, | ^ V ^ ^ ^ ^ o ^ ^ i time a 'Company was floated, chiefly with English capital. ' , t . Expensive machinery was bought, a large substantial house for the mining manager, and numerous offices were erected. In shore, everything was done on that handsome scale in which business is so often conducted when it consists of paying away other people's After a few years, during which the s drew handsome fees, a holders' experience largely con ing unexpected calls, the Engnsti company { was wound up, and the C-o'mer Mine was bought by a Melbourne Syndicate. The new Company wlrt'by~a hsd had J&tourne; a shaft sunk Svndicate. The new r.bout about a quarter of £ J {tQm the M on, pr0Ved : | ^ Qf i ode£ in -]duc!y country." : Tfae re^, £f. wer6 f or a time sensationally good, j The sweet simplicity of- high monthly dividends was maintained for nearly four years. During that time the Melbourne Syndicate placed the shares on the Adelaide market, and sold them all at an astonishingly profitable rate. It was then that Mr. Stuart Drummond became so large a shareholder. A year afterwards the dividends waned, and then finally stopped for more than two _ years. People _ said the lode had pinched out, and shares were very 1 low indeed. . Then came a succession of sensational crusbings. New shares were issued, and the capital thus called up was devoted to fresh development. Dividends, were once more resumed in an intermittent way. So the Colmar Mine went on for years after it was owned by an Adelaide Company—sometimes almost coming to a standstill, at others galvanized iuto feverish popularity by extraordinarily good crusbings; sometimes paying phenomenal dividends, at other times none. One year it '. would ^ ^ be ^ well ^managed; ^ another well robbed, {orty per cent. on the capital invested; the next, perhaps, not yield- ' ing enough to cover working expenses. flow t At last after the history of the Mine had ^ twQ more erratie than evcr, an ? American Manager of grea^sM! and expert- call the bad luck of the Coliiiar reasserted i',- self. One afternoon Dunning went down into the Mine hale and well, and half an hour later was taken out a corpse through the carelessness or ignorance of a new "shift-boss," who liad at the wrong time set a fuse to a charge of dynamite. The Directors despaired of finding any one worthy of coming after the lamented American Manager. But in the course of a week they succeeded in inducing an exceptionally good all-round man to take the position of Mmsge.r at least tentatively — one whose mining experience WM ar,.l thorough, and whose character stood high for probity. This w.- s William Trei askis, a Justice of the Peace and late M.P. for a town constituency. He had made a fortune chiefly by mining, hut through two financial disasters, which occurred almost simultaneously — the skilful roguery of a man with whom he had bctH in partnership as a land agent, and tho failure of the local Bank in which he had been largely interested—Trevaskis had-in a short time been rendered almost penniless. He icached the Mine one mornincr late in September, nine days before VictorFitKgibbon came there as purser. One of the periodic droughts of the district was raging that season, and a high north wind was blowing, which blurred the light of the sun, and made the air thick with crit and blinding dust. Thi was more especially the case in the vicinity of the Mine, where the vast heaps of mullock and tailings dispersed themselves in the atmosphere on the slightest provocation. "Thick enough to cut with a shovel, isn't Captain ?" said Searle, the then purser of the mine, who was showing the new Manager over the offices. "Is it often like this?" asked Trevaskis in a gruff voice, rubbing the dust out of his eyes. " Oh, not more than three days a week till November. _ But frcm November till" " What in thunder is the use of that long iron passage?" caid Trevaskis in a tone of amazement. The two had come round out of theassayroom and the purser's office, which were at the southern end of the row of buildings generi- •eally termed "theoffices." At the northern end was the Manager's office, with a bedroom open ing out of it at the back. There were six rooms in all, one opening into the other. The three between the Manager's office and the purser's, were used as storerooms. " I was waiting for you to exclaim about that passage, Captain," said Searle, with a delightful chuckle. He was a plump, redfaced little man, in a continual effusion of garrulity, without the power of discriminating between a contemptuous and a deeply in- i terested listener. He had been four years in ' the mine off and on, and was never so happy as when he was showing a new-comer round thrj place for the first time, telling endless stories about it, dwelling with immense complacency on all tbat made it, "taken all in all the most remarkable mine in the whole of South Australia, perhaps, indeed, on this side of the Southern Cross. 35 As Trevaskis stood staring at the long narrow passage of corrugated iron, six feet high, with a flat roof of the same material, lit at intervals by small single panes of glass let into the sides, Searle felt that the moment had come for bim to fire off this sentence on the " Captain." But ho bad hardly made a beeinning when Trevaskis turned away from him with an impatient and scornful grunt. \ "Is this the key of my office?'' he said shortly, fumbling among the bunch Sfarle had , given J, bim The . purser stood „- open-mouthed, , , . hardly liardlv crediting his senses. He had impatiently awaited the proud and happy moment lmnawhen this strange passage, which started from t^16 . Managers "office . , and . terminated , . , at .... the othcr etld a n "regular circular iron building 01 1 . the ,- I<3e ofthe reef the other end, should stake t™ stranger with unbounded astonish- And now tbr new •mannered grunt, and the most distinctive features of the Colmar Mine! j "Allow me, Captain,"said . Searle. recovering his scattered senses, and unlocking the door. When he l... turned round he i, n caught .—u. ii Trevaskis'eyes fixed on the passage with a puz- '-led look. This was balm to Searle's wounded ,, _ T You see the length of it—or at least you would mnnM if ;f the tlo wind <n'«il was not so thick with dust. It is three hnndred and twenty feet in length —three hundred and twenty feet—six feet high and six feet wide—and" " But what the devil is it for?" "But Searle, who never stopped talking as long as he could get a listener, was too often forced to tell a thrice-told tale. He was coneecpiently not inclined to waste a subject so criminally as to come so soon to the point. "You see this key, captain?" he said, holding up one of the door-keys on the ^ Manager's bunch that was smaller than the rest. "Well, that key opens this door at the end of your . office, and when open thac door you're in the passage. You go Song that passage for three hundred and twenty feet, and then you came . to a cave—regular cave made into a good-sizi-d • room—scooped out of the side of the reef, and : ventilated with a stope, full of old machinery : that belonged to the English Company—a couple of furnaces, retorts, blanket tables, a bunk near the entrance, a table, a chair" Searle pause to take breath. He fully expected that before he had reached so far in his description Trevaskis would have set off down the passage to examine tbe place for himself, But instead of this his face wore a look of stony indifference. •'It's (.imply marvellous!'' hegasjKil, making a despaiiiiitr«ff<" t to infeec ins listener with a little bt( i/ii.iufT enthusiasm. What is juarvelloUB ' " V.'liv that big underground pia«s wwpftd out of uie tide of the reel, and connected with Ui« Mai;^ i V office by a passage three hundred and • twenty' (Wthree hundred :ird twenty feet!" cried^Trevaskis, in a tone of ii.tanse irritation. . \Y hat is 1 he thing used for: ' 1'itsi there was some sort of natural cave, they sav, and this was ri'icll enlarged, lbo eida.tMnent was undoriaUen by Ooolau, retuti;< <1 Hearle, ina grave, unmoved, historical kind of voice. "That was bef-jiM my time. I'll, v say that he felt tho heat dreadfully, and u-id to "st::v downthr-recool and quiet, without noise or dust, when the thermometer went above Jl.V m the shade. The. next Manager took it into his head that he got on the track of a good lode there, and set some men to work it. 'i his made the place still larger, but I rirn't know about the gold. There were a lot of queer y3rns floating round, I believe." "I>id yen ever know a mine that ha in t n l;;:gful of lies told about it every week?" s.,id Ti'.vaskis, who was longing for an opportunity to have done with these reminiscences of hid predecessors. "Well, every Manager that comes seems to think the one before hitn was a fool or a rogue.' I thinlc s- me of the Managers you've had j here were loll.," said Trevaskis. "I'm sura { the man w ho made this passage —— j Ah, I'm coming to that. This passage Wi.s made by Webster"- ^ > "What! the man who turned miser h re, i and then went mad ?" : "The same, captain. I don't want to m-ike : any one out blacker than he is, but I'd just like to tell you what I know myself personally — • "Thank you, I'm afraid I haven't got time to-dny," answered Trevaskis, pulling out his I j wakh. ... „ We must confine ourselves for the rest of the time to business. It isn't a very cheerful subject. Webster became a. raving , unatic Dl]nn, ; killed itt tbo twinkling 1 of an eye. It only remains for me to cut my : throat to finish uj> the record. Well, I only came for a month to try it. I don't fancy f shall stay longer than that." Never had Searle been more bitterly disappointcd in his anticipations ot acting as showman to the Colmar Mine. It was bad enough to treat the cave room and the passage thrtc'hur.dred and twenty feet long with surly contempt, but to have the history of Webster —of whom Searle could never think without a certain shiver in the marrow of his backbone— put by and passed over like an old woman's ghost story! The little man's heart swelled within him, and he went through the rest of his duties with Trevaskis observing the most ! 1 dienifiid n-i -j. reserve. u-ir . j ; i going to dinner ai the Colmar Arms with a towering lowering Wtad brow and a set set look look on on his his face, face, the the i . purser, thouph though the least vindictive of men, .. felt „ kr.rod thr.t if the new captain took himself off at the end of a month he would be no loss to gocd-fellowship -an opinion he felt no ; scruple in expressing to the engineer, with 1 whom he boarded at the three-roomed weather- • board hut of one of the shift bosses close to the mine. I believe you're right there, Tom," said the enpiner. "You see, he was at the top of the tree a short time ago in town. I think having to come here has put him off his chump eo much he'll never have a civil word to throw at a dog. But as to chucking up £000 with times so bad—why, that's another matter." _ This " was exactly the aspect of the case which was at that moment forcing itself on Trevaskis. When he reached - - the - Colmar - Arms - he - was ' met at the front door by the landlady, a lean, untidy looking woman with a very tired and discouraged face, who showed him into the dining-room talking all the time. "I thought you was the new captain. Long Ben, the driver, told us you 'ad come, but 1 didn't think as you was coming to dinner, not bein' 'ere at 1. Poor Capen Dunning always come at 1 to the minute. Did you 'ear, sir, as he >ad^t Rone haU an hour from the CoW Arms, after a dinner of young duck and caulier, when he was called away into eternity, so to speak?" "yJer since I came within a hundred miles of the Colmar every soul £ see tells meabout expected him at 1. Poor Capen Dunning always came so regular at 1, and things was very mixed with them then at the Arms. They had just moved into the front part, which the capen no doubt noticed was of stone. The baby, who was a little over two year old, was cutting some back teeth; the cook had married at an hour's notice, just because tli6re was a man handy to have her, and a Methody parson chanced to pass through; and the housemaid was down with a bad cold. These details were imparted in detachments, while the good woman placed on the table half a dozen fried chops, a loaf ot bread, a two-jraund tin of apricot jam, a pound of oily butter, and a large Britannia metal teapot half full of coarse lukewarm ti a. The new Manager made ft valiant effort to make some sort of a meal off these viands. But the attempt only sickened him and took away all appetite. The chops were tough, raw, cold, and greasv, the tea barky and bitter, the milk slightly sour. Trevaskis pushed away the meat, and drew r the jam towards him. Thpre were two large flies firmly embtdrfdon the siurface. . . . They were everywhere, these flies, large and small, buzzing in his ears and eyes—great flesh-Hies beating heavilj against the window-panes. The big bare room, with a long table covered with a spotted cloth nnd an array of dim glasses; the woman in the soiled print dress, •with her dull, jaded face, and wearied eyes, and the whining child dragging at her skirts; the smell of raw colza oil in the new paint, of damp mortar in the newly built walls; the burst of loutish merriment that came wafted from time to time through tbe open door from the barroom ; the look of tbe country as 'eon through the window—all weighed on the man's mind like a hideous nightmare. He had been deeply miserable and irritated all day indeed, for many days back. But at this moment it was no longer misery, it was despair that fell on him. "Oood God'. what a hole to come to after all these years!" muttered Trevaskis to himself. He was a stalwart, powerfully built man, wj tii a j ong ail(j rather narrow face, the lower part completely covered with a thick grizzled beard and moustache. His nose was long and slightly curved, a little to one side at the end, tbiongli an accident in early life. His eyes were pale with a greenish light in tfaem, keen expression, and very close together. In ircments of excitement the pupils would seem to elongate in a way tbat gave them rather a inister look. The head was well formed, the forehead square. Ordinarily he had the alert. determined air of one who does not let his thoughts travel beyond the matter in hand, no superfluous words or imagination to bestow on ; any subject beyond his own especial routine, j But just now his face wore the strained and : haggard look of one who has been badly : beaten in the race of life. The landlady. I seeing that he had eaten nothing, brought in a plate of biscuits and some cheese. But Trevaskis gruffly declined the delicacies, and ordered her to bring him some whisky and j sodawater. Then he lit a strong Havana cigar, ] and as he smoked and sipped the whisky his courage revived. He would face^the risk of being out of employment and out of pocket, in : civilized life rather than stay on at the Colmar. The Directors, in their eagerness to secure him, j had employed him on his own terms. It • would be better to let them know at once he would not stay beyond the month. | He pulled a large flat pocket-book out of tbe breast-pocket ^ of his coat, and turned over some papers*looking for a blank half sheet on which ; to draw up a draft of the communication be ! would send on the morrow. The first letter that caught his eye waa one from his brother, i expressing rather clumsily the pleasure it gave j . himtobearTrevaskishadgotagoodiobwithhigh j wages. Dick, he said, was getting on well in the Bank, and they were both grateful to him ' for the billet. It was a verv illiterate, ill-spelt scrawl, and curiously brought back to Trevaskis the days of bis early boyhood, when he and his brother worked together in a Cornish mine. It was a squalid, hard life—both of them unkempt and uncared for, tbeir mathor dead, their father rough and intemperate. * ... iFrom T eight :—I.. years of r age till sixteen, thought Trevaskis, that was a long spell to work twelve hours out of the . . that he had sworn a great oath, he would make himself independent—yes and rich, as many another had done in the Southern Hemisphere. And gradually through long years of ascetic abstinence and the most rigid self-denial he achieved his purpose. He stuck to mining, it was the work he understood best—first on the tribute plan, then on claims of his own, and all his money as he saved it he put into careful investments. He had gone almost hungry, certainly very dirty, and in very broken boots, once when be was working in a poor patch of country, which did not yield " tucker" money. And yet a; that time the savings on which he would not encroach had swelled to £4.000. After that crisis his gains bad increased by leaps and bounds. And at list, after seventeen years of toilsome lonely work and rigid savins, he found himself tbe master of over £<)0,0ii.i. He had deteimined he would have enough to live en like a gentleman before lie loft tbe bush When ho dii EO he lived in Adelaide, rented .-^handsome house, kept his carriage, went into Parliament, and married the daughter if a well-to-do doctor, "a lady born." as heofte'i proudly said to himself. Even if he had k mw i J —ar.d he did not—that his fat.hes-is-iaw She snn of a retired butehr-r. the kr.o vl-d^-e would not bave modified this < \\.ilt:int l.-.-linf Hisloug apprenticeship to work iu its grimiest form, moiling iti the dirt with soiled ski.i and filltiy cio'liifi^, made him keenly sensible of all the grac< s and pleacaiitneeB of affium-.T. He nevir quite lost bis iiret vivid lmpres-.ion o£ de'.islit 1!'. \ 1)0 soft, ease, the luxury, tin; ;>erfecfe oieajiliuiss of wcil to ilo households. The feel of soft ear);<-ts undei foot, the gleain e. jn-tureS on the walls, the pilfer of silver on trio table, th« t.-^te of y food weli cooked tee rustle ofladW i gowns, the gleanicjf 1 A-«ISOB their arms :,..d necke. These thiiw would always h-ave u higher worth for him than for those to v.hom tr.ey were familiar Iru.-u childhood. To h:in they represented the highest! good, the gri utest enjoyment, of whi.-h a man is capable. They were the symbol of thati privileged exalted life of which his forefathers had caught passing glimpf&s; behind birred gates and through the corridors leading from servants' halls. " And, after all, I've come back to it. again— this infernal mucky life among dirty I duurera, and in a worse place than I've ever .-ft foot in before. I might as well be a wo:nb\t in an earthei-up burrow," he said to himself, closing up his pocket book. He could not frame a diaft of the letter he thought of writing; the fear of absolute want stared him i:i u,.! face. He could do nothing but ponder in bitterness of heart on the record of his 1 ife. 11 • - r u-entyfive years of ignominious toil, his rations, his determination to sncceed, his c-igV > ears of complete ar.d assured success, av.d '.o u his complete and bitter failure. He to-'!: up his hat, and, crushing it over his ey. s, strode away to the lonely, cheerless rooms now formed his only home. 