' HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION? ' - Now, which, is the worse— to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There ar« lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When ' good digestion waits on appetite and health on UUUU, ULJOiU IB UUO lUCUfL U;UUll/UV4.O UL Of person towards his meals. But most of us are not 'blessed in that way j we either have two much food without an ? appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is bettev to laave an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of alterations and repairs. To illustrate. We recently received a comunicatibn in which the writer says, ' I w»s afraid to eat.' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on P If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, ' In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and tnen au.ac once, so to speag x aia not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seeped to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to eay to them One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten any thing. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would chore me.' We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls 'a pricking sensation' at his ?heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. TheD, again, ad times iiv was ujbuuAjimu iviuu. opauujQ, (jiiu ugoay or which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. ' I dreaded,' he eays, ' the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. ?. ' After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep.' What he means' by the fear of 'some- thing going to happen ' is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to hiro. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state o£ his. blood (the. life bearer), his unstrung nerves, arid to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of: illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the sreature of a restles3 and ungoverned imagination. 'With great difficulty,' he says, ''I stuck to my work, for I had a. wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two year3 is past my powers of description. I ant sure no one has suffered so much as I hwue done.' - , ? -?-.: In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than one's notion of his neighbours pain. There is a countless multitude; who are ? all the while going through the same wretched experience,only we don't happen to come in touch with them, i r. . ?.????-. - . Well;' the ; writer finally mention a that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him, he chanced to read in a book of- a case exactly UheMs own having been cured by Mother SeigePs Syrup. ' My wife,' he .says, 'got tne a bottle at Mr Langstaff's, in Woodlesf oad, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. . I : have been employed by the Midland Railway company for eleven years. , ' (Signed) ' c-eobge Hunt, : ' Car Bottom Road, ; ? 'Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. ' \ 