A BAD CASE OF' TELE ['PATHY. (ST. JAweos'B nuDoET.) It was, I need hardly say, a great shock to me when I saw my cousin George's ghost. George and I had been very good friends, though we have had our little differences; and t I was no less grieved than, to be quite candid, terrified when George, who had been to New Zealand to look after some property there and was on his way home, appeared by my bedside, dripping wet, his pallid lips seeming to mutter inaudible words. In fact, I was so startled that I jumped up in lied and, as I sleep in an attic, struck my head against a beam and nu flicted a cut from which the blood flowed freely. By the time I bad stanched it with' my edor down quilt George was gone. Yes, I was shocked. But, ns poor George had fallen overboard and meta watery death, I was at last in a position to carry out my views as to the disposal of the two estates, to which under Uncle Nicholas'p will, George' cbd T were entitled as joint tenaltes. I bad always wished to sell the English estate and keep the New Zealand one. George, who had vary little business faculty,, advocated, selling the New Zealand one and retaining the English in our hands; and neither of us would consent to a partition so long as the other refused to be in some degree reasonable in his views. Now, by one of these(strange decrees at which. it does not become us to cavil, poor George was beyond caring for or interfering in surch matters, and I, as the survivor, took the whole estate and was at liberty to deal with it in the most prudent way. Next morning I plastered up my head, put on a black necktie out o?fr dpoct for George, and went off to my solicitor's. I told him of poor George's death, adding that legal evidence would follow as soon as the ship touched at a port, and gave him instructions to find a pur chaser as soon as possible for the English land. Of eburse I did not trouble him with the details of Georgo's apparition ; lawyers think they show sagacity by the most narrow-minded in credulity. I soon found a purchaser, and a few weeks passed while I was screwing him up to my price. I had no news of George yet : bit I was not much surprised at that, hs the poor fellow had very probably left no address, and therofore.tidings. might not reach me till the ship herself arrived. At last oune moHrisg I read in my paper that the had arrived, at the same time a letter from my purchaser reached me, accepting the price I had asked. 1 deter mined to close, and went down to put my hat on and go to the lawyer's. At this moment the door-bell rang. Being in the hall I opeed the door myself. I staggered back in fright, hold ing my hand over my eyes; for before me stood George-himself or his phantom. " Leave me, leave meo' I cried. '1 Restless spirit, what ails thee ?" To miy great surprise, the form-or, I may as well say, George-also staggered back, with hIs hand before his eyes, eaclaiming lh agitated tones, " Peace, peace, poor ghost ! Caust thou not rest ?" To do George justice, he has never been given to buffoonery in life : and I was sure he would not descend to it after death, although the spirits of some people, who ought to be above it, seem to do so. Beckoning to George, I entered the diningroom ; we would have an ex planation. George followed. " Once in a way," I began, " at night, I do not object to your coming. It is inconvenient : but I put up with it. But in broad daylight, on the door-step- really, it's inconsiderate." George looked at me with a puzzled air. then he walked towards the bell-rope and said, as if to himself, " I'll send fora parson and lay him." He was not at all wet, and looked very substantiaL I did not quite under " George." said I, " I suppose There is no mistake. You are nothing but a gbost?" " If you come to that, what aro you ?" asked George angrily. " Pray be calm," I answered.. " You ap. peared to me by night, dripping wet, on the 9th of November last.' "I appeared to you? Nonsense! You ap peered to me, you mean." " Do be serious, George. For a person in your--or position this lovity---" "You did, man, with blood streaming from your head." I remembered the beam and my wounded head. " Do you mean to say youi?s iot dead ?" asked George, with less joy than he might have shown. " I was neverin better health ins my life," I answered coldly. "Then what the deuce do you mean by haunting me with blood all over you ?" "What do you mean, George, by haunting me with water dripping from you '' " Prove it I" said George, defiantly. .. I motioned him to a seat and related what had happoned. " Of course," I concluded, " if you honestly assure me that you are alive-" " Alive! Of course I'm alive. I-by Jove, I've got it! That night a young fool on board stretched a string across my cabin floor, and I-" " Tripped and fell through the porthole?" "Porthole I Bless the man, no. I fell slap into my bath; deuced hot the water was, too. And it was just when I was swearing-" " Yes; you appeared to be swearing.'" " That you chose to come and haunt me, looking like a stuck pig. If you're not dead, kindly account for that." " It's all your fault. You frightened me so that Iknocked my head against the ceiling and cut it." " Honour bright!'" " I give you my word." " Its a little awkward," said George, rub bing his hands, because you see, old fellow, re lying on your intelligence, the first port we came to I wired to New Zealand telling the agenttosell thoestate. Ithoughtyouwouldn't, under the circumstances, you know, feel hurt at my acting on my own responsibility." " You've been idiot enough- ! !" " Well, I always told you the English one was the one to keep." " I've sold that," I said, gRimly. " If you behave as if you were dead, a business-man will treat you as dead." " I was no worse than you were." " It's quite clear that you began it," said I. " I was merely sympathetic." " I never meant to do it at all," declared f George. I rose and took him by the hand. "We have been the victims of adecetion, George. Re. criminations are of no use. What is to be dono?" "Somobody ought to be run in," said George. " If," I said, "one is to be at the mercy of t irresponsible apparitions, business cannot be carried on." "And there is an end of free institutions," 1 said George. We put on our hats and went to call on the secretary of the Psycholetio Society. We wanted to know whathe had to say for himself. " A most interesting case!" ha exclaimed joyfullyi-" a most interesting cne !" t 'Perhaps," said I; "but will yoea favour f us with the name of a solicitor who will accept . service on your behalf I" I " What doyou mean ?" he asked. "Why, if we lose over having to break off J the negotiations for sale, we shall look to your society for a remedy. You dissominate broad. o cast literaturo of this description ansd then dis- o claim responsibility for what happens !" " It isn't common honesty," said George. d "I admit no hlability," said the secretary firmly. "You must learn to control your own phantasmata.'" We took our hats. He looked at us in a n curious way. " One momnent, gentlemen," ho P said. "Although rofusing to recegniee any O legal liabiity, yet I think I may say that the societywould be preparedtodo the handsome it thing if-" p. p " Well !" we exclaimed eagerly. t " If you wouldbo so kind as to hand over to li us the lotters you each of you no doubt wrote P giving an accountof your strange exporience.', " With pleasure," said I, sittcing down and tnaldng a pen. "Pardon me--a contemporaneous document is whatImean." "I didn't write to him. I thought he was dead." " And you didn't write either, sirP" hoasked hi George.11 "1 What do you take me for P" said George, who was still annoyed. "Then there are no contemporaneous docu- oP ments ?" " None," we replied. at He hid his face in his hands, and said, in a Ot broken voice, "Thlere onever are! Therenever bh aro! It's too hard !" He seemed so overcome that George and I, hoing tender-hearted men, tried to console him g by promising to tako no proceedings to enforce h our claim. Ho woull notboecomforted: and Al we left him rocking himself too and fro and murmuring, "I only ask foronoe letter--only ce one-just one little letter !" I was quite firm about the English estate, and George was as obstinate as possible about as the New Zealand one. In the result we each had to pay a hundred pounds to be off ourbar gain. Ay object in making the affair public is wr to ask .how longscioty is to be exposed tothis kind of thing ? What is to prevent some idle. good-for-nothing phantom personating me, and running me in for an action for a breach of promise or I don't know what ? Nobody'e safe. That's whet I ay ; and George agrees with me. I believe they call the nort of fraud which I have exposed telepathy. A long name does not malo ai thing honest ; and, in mly opuinon, if the law does not reach ouch practices the sooner it is altered the better. I have writtenl to our member to tell him so. I amn a Inrge employerof labour; and it he does not intro duce 1 BRill, he will probably hear of 