Is There a Hell? ' Is there a Hell, and if so where is it ? This was the title of a discourse by the Rev. George Walters in the Unitarian Church, Hyde Park, on a Sunday even ing. Not long ago, said the lecturer, a man would have believed himself pretty well on the way to hell if he for a moment harbored a doubt as to its existence. Within the last 25 years, however, many orthodox churchmen had given up the doctrine of'the belief in ' hell,' or at least modified their views on the matter. Still there were many people who, though they did not believe' in ghosts, were yet afraid of them, and so hell to many minds had its terrors. The ordinary doctrine of hell, he con sidered, was quite distinct from the doctrine of future punishment. We might believe that sin was punished in this world or in the next without at all comprising ourselves as to the doctrine of 'hell fire.' But did people really, believe in a fiery hell ; that 99 out of every 100, including many of their friends, were in imminent danger of being sent there 1 If they did they would sink into despair and madness, and existence would be robbed of every charm with which it is invested. Dr. Holmes had said that a person who really believed in such a hell ought to go mad. If people really believed in such a place the world would not be worth living in, and would be only a few shades more tolerable than such a hell itself. There was a hereditary belief in such a doctrine handed down from father to son, and others regarded it as an essential feature in relisrious faith. Roman Catholics founded their belief in hell on the teaching of the church, and other denominations on the Bible. In the Old Testament there was no orthodox belief in hell, but in the New Testament the teaching seemed to be somewhat contradictory. In the Book of Revelations they read of a ' fiery hell,' but they also read of a ' woman clothed with the sun,' which clearly showed that the book was not to be read literally, but merely taken in a figurative sense. Even if the Bible taught it on every page, he could not accept such a fearful dogma — such blas phemy — against the God of love and mercy. The orthodox church-by such a dogma made the Infinite Being appear as a monster and a tyrant. The Bible was simply a collection of books, or rather a collection of fragments of ancient literature, and the opinions there expressed were merely the individual opinions of the writers. He refused to credit such an outrageous and diabolical scheme, which transformed God in(» a hideous demon, and in the language of Bacon thought ' it was better to have no opinion of God at all than to have one unworthy of him.' Personally, he did not deny the theory of future punish ment, but believed that every bad action carried with its punishment, either in this world or in the next. There was no hell save that which each one made in his own nature by evil thought, false word, or cruel action. The doctrine of ' hell ' was fortunately dying out, even in the orthodox church, and the heart of humanity revolted against such a vindictive scheme of hideous retribution. No lpnger then would the earth be re garded as the ante-room of ' hell,' but as a place of preparation for a better world to come. 