? Did H e L o v e H e r ? CHAPTER XIX (Continued). «Kbe is warned. "Sherepeated to me a • 0| her conversation with her -uncle ° rt '°° ice when they were out riding, j Te «ve ber to understand if Mr. Vane Jb to approach her in the character lorer lie will not be acceptable to him." ' If Fontaine understood her as well as he would never l ave "done that. You 3 'th»t Save]la has always been actu- Hjbe contrary 'spirit; what we deter not to do, she is sure to attempt. , Vane now has an interest in her ,hich be might never have possessed he been left to herself; and when ahe - sshe c&n; rival this girl, she will make {flort to do so." Ob well, she can amuse- herself by 'with him, but marrying him is thing." Hell jon," replied bummerton, -that : the falls in to" with •»««».' W»U: jhaye: j rat the risk of her hW. With her ' she would male a brilliant mar- If we could get rid of encumbrances .. maid return to Italy -and- give her a (or a husband." ."i have already hinted as much, to her." "And how did she receive it ?" "She seemed to assent, but she was inking of something else, she said nothing iUi relerence tu it." IC following day the family from the . came to La lontaine, and formed their estimate of llie strangers. It-are ibai such an ordeal must be nnip.me. lienors lioselli was solicitous uut tbe a|ipearance of herself and her m. Her on n dress was simple, but rich id becoming, and on Savella's toilette she ,,ended all ber skill. An amber coloured silk, trimmed with ick lace, fell in flowing folds to the floor; •nun pearls glittered on her neck and the last were of sculptured beauty, i: hair was braided into a plat fastened at t hack uf her bead with;.jewelled arrows, :l a faint tinge of rouge lighted up her iik eyts. When Isola ami Savella entered the liin. Fontaine arose and laid aside his > He seemed surprised and pleased 1,u e\es tell upon his niece, and he said ler: • Truly you take one by surprise. A while c 1 discovered, you are a genuine nightinale.and now you come.to me almost a air. I am (noud of my little " girl, and rose aiiii my pearl need fear no rivals \- ihe valley. Thank you,'' she said. "But I do not ish to be called a rose. I. am afraid I. am illon one, and the whole race is too ephemeral. If Isola is a gem, give me as impropriate a name as pearl is to her.""- "Tnenyou shall be my ruby," he rep-ied. "That is better ; rubies, with their, soar- Kfliuer, suit my style." "l'hen iu\ tirsl gilt to you shall bea set tally to be worn by the last descendant nlmjlamiiy." "O'.i, uncle Claude, you are too good, and 1 jituiiist to try and be all you wish me." lit kissed her brow ;. iJien - l>estowing the ttmios&son; isola, left the room to recei\ebib (toasts, who at that moment drove - op to the door. Isola accompanied him, but Savella iin- - jered in tie library till the party was established in the drawing-room, and her aunt and .Summerton had been presented to them. As she had anticipated, .her uncle . came fcrhei. ami dr.iv. iug her arm through his on, mLh siaielv pride Fontaine Jed her into thi apartment, and introduced her to his iriiuds. Whtn Fanny saw her 6be could scarcely itpit.-: an eiciauiation of surprise, and she thought: "Goodness! is that the same girl I saw yesterday, looking commonplace enough ? 1 declare she has bloomed into beauty. Hon i cousin Carrie say 1 was prejudiced !" Savella found herself the principal object si litem.on. She replied with ease to the liid »0I is addressed to her. Senora Boifi.i and bummerton sustained her, and the incidents ol the day were a triumph to the subtle schemers. Wen dinner was over, music was called In; Isola and I'anny sung ballads with sweetness, and responded to the request. Stielia. with diffidence, declined an inlatioa to the piano, but when Fontaine •Hunched her, and taking her hand, said: 'Come, and let our friends enjoy the I have looked forward to with plea- ''-t- 'she could no longer refuse. is the tirst notes of her voice arose, General Berkely and his son came in from 'Piazza, where they had been talking Snmiiierion. Xbe party gathered «®nd the performer, listening in silence. "B.VJove: : exclaimed the general, at the tee of the first song, •• that is marvellous ! ;,roi s - n ' u all in the shade, Carrie. Ton jcur pupils must hide your heads after ntmniwc ns thai."' '' N V she replied, " we shall do no such lieally. »-e raUBt thank you for an •wrnent thai rarely falls to our lot in Ita secluded valley. Your voice is exquiand your execution admirable." "I have had the best masters," Savella *W"and mj- fondness for music led. fc to profit by their instructions." . '•' ' tib easily seen; but pray .give us no not attempt to leave the piano . ; Bus solicited. Savella struck into a-lanwhich displayed her skilful execution, >U Close she was petitioned' for ""toer vocal effort, Tlwe was a bright moon, and at a late 6615 d roa e l ,arted . charmed with the • granger, and pleased with her two "•Elites. CHAPTER XX. T ISOLi's DASQEB. Savell Km IT a ' s musical abilities {,, 7™ 10 every house in the valley, and jjT da >' carriages, filled with elegantly wm ladies, escorted by cavaliers, drove jT w the front 0f La Fontaine; and flatb = enough were lavished on the heiress Returned a much stronger head than tof^th ! Mvisitsl60laWttB often made ^'thechanne in her position, by carem.-u n J' showed that she hut nja eStCem her or n bown ' " 'P «">" -and the smiles of Fontaine haddeth r <>ugh Philip Vane's im- Wle f htLd become well-known in the W„- , , the or Phan would not inharit AU • - 6 tune - te w attempted to pa uer, hat she was so dignified nnder ,TU M - «"staU were .urprised. Bnt ••the days glided away, her eheaks tod their hue of ixealth, and a fading of lain- - tude often oppressed her. . Dinner and evening parties were given in honour o! the advent of the heiress by •very family in the valley, and in inexplicable weariness Isola dragged herself from house fo^iouse unwilling to cloud the enjoyment of Savella by betraying how ill she was; for she seemed to have formed a strongattachment to her, and declared that half her pleasure - would be destroyed if Isola was not the companion of her triumphs. At these gatherings they met Philip Tane, and as he looked on the ohanged appearance of Isola, he laid the flattering unction to his soul that his desertion had not been nnfelt. : At first Philip seemed shy of approaching the heiress, but from the moment fSavella'e eyes rested on his.person, she used every coquettish art to lure him to her side. His indifference piqued l)er,~hiE. beauty dazzled her, and when he laid aside his reserve and entered the lists wtth other :-pretenders to her favour, she was captivated by the jbseination of his matm&s-; '•* - One of those passions-.cprnng^np 1 an -ihe - breast vfsthe pal^in infl Senora ^Bos^lU •saw her own tears verified- &11' the golfer need lo prejudice Savella against-'fiuUp . seemed to have recoiled %i thoEfe "who fit-' tempted to make them.. AH the warnings or ner nncie ; ine r^Msruunty- tbat_. He,vrotua oppose her union with a man-who was not received in his house^.all the opposition of the two who wished to retain her under their own control, was of no avail. If Philip Tane loved her well enough to ask her to become his wife, she declared to. her aunt she would brave everything to do so.' But Philip had some sense of manliness left in him, and when he had looked on the pale face of the girl he believed to be fading into her gTave because he had deserted her, he felt that it would be base to inflict a new wound when the'last seemed to have struck so deeply. He refrained from making a declaration to Savella, though he made love to her with every opportunity that offered itself; he felt secure that no rival could foil him, for be read-the passionate-soul of this girl, and awaited a more favourable time to ask her the momentous question—would she become his wife ? Philip spoke to Savella of her nncle's distaste to him, and protested that he had lost his favour through no fault of his own. Mr. Fontaine was peculiar, and a" misunderstanding had arisen .between them. He confessed that he had once admired Isola, but never till he saw Savella had his heart really been touched. ; With each hour passed in his society the heart of Savella became more deeply en- thralled, till she owned that without him life, fortune, or any earthly good, would be valueless in her eyes. With the skill of a skilful diplomatist, Fhilip led on this crea- ' ture till he felt secure -that -'in opposition " she would give him her hand - and fortune when the time for action arrived. He liked her; was flattered by her pre ference; hut, until his father's suit was decided against him, he could no£ make up his mind to the last irrecoverable step which his vanity led him ^ to . believe would prove a death-blow to lsola. The changein Isola's appearance was remarked with pain 4y Miss Carleton, ahdsbe . came over to La Foiitaipe. tyid jmsisted on takingher 'ypnng friend tothe Vale itopass afewweeks. To this Fontaine consented j 7for in-" his uneasiness he was ready to grasp at any change that promised diversion to her mind. -It was believed 'tlikt 'the desolate feeling of which she had spoken to him was killing her slowly, and he hoped much for her from the cheerful companionship of th« famjlv at the Vale. fiummerton, who had proffered hiB medical skill, and been employed as her physician, approved of the proposed change. He prepared for her use a vial of drops, which he counselled' her to take three times within the twenty-four hgprs, and Isola promised to follow his directions. Savella expressed her regret at losing her, but promised to ride over every day with her uncle to inquire after her health. Fanny received her friend - with joy, and exclaimed: "Now we have you among us I mean to, try grandma's specific oii you—the ' home bitters' that she used to dose us with when we were children. If it cured us then, it may do as much for you now,"and I have a bottle in this room ready for yon." Isola smiled, and replied: "Mr. Summerton is a physician, and I have brought a supply of -medicine pre- - pared by him. . . . .. " Have his prescriptions done you any good?" '* Not much. The drops seem to exhilirate me for a few hours, but the reaction brings on a weariness and depression that is indescribable." " Then you shall take no more of them while you are with..us. ^Tg .grandma'* elixir, if you love-me."- Isola was in that listless state in which she cared little what was o&erBd; to her, and Ehe said: . .•-'»..'. " As yoa please. I. dop't suppose, it makes much difference what f&ke;, for nothing seems to do me good.":.-v .> "But we mean to do-you.godil, arid-make yon well again. Don't talk as if you intend tp go from us in the first bloom" bf youth. . It is toobad, iEola^to-Eee-liow. lifeJesB jtm 'have become ;" -" antKthe girl bUnrt into tun.. ..-.. . . - . , . . - - . • \- ;•• My dear Fanny, I *hould>»riy be too., happy if iicould Ia> T&siae; gLB^reafl ihat-.' has settled oit my heart. IoonfesK.that it is hard to Ue in the oold grave fLtrcevehteen. Bat if Tt is the willqfmy Heavenly Father, I must submit. 1 ' " You must not, yon shall not "die, Isola. Oh I what will become of George when he hears—that you—" • ' She choked, and could not go dh. "Isola sadly said: " He will feel it, I know; but if I conceal from "him that I might have loved him in the time to come, he will not be inoonsolable." " Would you leave him to think that love for that false man wounded yon onto 4eath?" asked Fanny. "My dear Isola, give Qeorge the consolation of knowing vyhat you have just expressed. if the anguish of losing you by death must be his.: The blow inli be softened by -the certainty that your heart had asserted its freedom, and Philip Vane is no longer jour ideal of manly excellence.' *• I do-not believe lie .ever was that to . me, Famly; and now "he lias lost all power. This is the truth, though my lather will not believe it." "But 1 believe it, and I believe thai grandma's skill can rival that of your, £3s-: culapius; Do you know that If J war* U • your plac* I should be afraid to ^akt mtf filing offered me by those people." "Nonsense, Fanny. Why should they seek to injure me ! I beg you will not insinuate anything so dreadful. His skill is great, and his kindness to me unfailing. To.speak the truth, I did not like any of these strangers; but they have improved ou a longer acquaintance- I am attaohed to Savella, anil her aunt has been so attentive to me since I have been sick, that I am aBhamed of my first distaste to her." But Fanny was still sceptical; she said: "They have everything to gain and nothing to lose by showing sympathy; bnt if the affection of Mr. Fontaine for yon had been less tender, I fancy they would have acted differently. I don't believe in any of them; Savella has more heart than either of the others, but she is a shallow parcel of vanity, and her head ts turned by attentions to which she is unaccustomed. Have you remarked the manner of PhiUp Vane to her of late? She has done all she could to attract him, and I believe he is ready to transfer to her the allegiance he once .professed to ^ou. -•-He is 'quite welcome to do so; tut -Philip will fecafcely date^jyrear -before mj.. father with anotber-sproposal for bis heiress.-" . .•••--;-. :.:• -.".".—•.•-.-- ' " Perhaps he -will not think that - ceremony necessary. There are such things as elopements; ana it iue iruiu is win auuui Mr. Fontoine's affairs, his consent will . make no difference in the fortune hif niece is entitled to claim." This aroused Isola from her apathy, and she gravely said: " My dear Fanny, that is supposing that Savella has neither principle nor gratitude. Do not suggest such an impossibility as an elopement. Philip would shrink from the thought of such perfidy toward a man who has treated him with kindness from his boyhood." "Ohl well, let us waive the subject, Isola, for we shall never agree.: Time will prove which is right. CHAPTER XX*.. THE DEMON iT WORK. , Fanny left tbe room and Isola ate a fragment of biscuu and drank a small portion of the wine. Miss "Carleton observed her, while she talked with her. She saw with pain the delicate complexion from which every, bloom had vanished, the weary outlook from the large dark eyes, and the drooping-lassitude of the slender figure. After a pause, she said : " May I speak with you, Isola, and advise you as freely as I did in your childish days?" " Surely, you know, to you I always look as my mentor, for next to my father yon have been my best friend.'' " Then suffer me to use the privilege of friendship to probe your heart. Isola, IB disappointed love wrecking the promise of a life as I hoped yours would be ? Speak the truth, and know she who asks the question nas known enough sorrow to comprehend yours." "Sorrow, to you! I thought that you had always : bloomed In the' sunshine, cousin Carrie," eaid Isola. " I have had my struggle with disappointment ; but I .have not -permitted it to de itroy my-usefulness/nor to mar my enjoyment of the-blessings left to me. But yon don't deal'frankly with me." , ,t: "I can lay my hand on my heart and assure you that the passing fancy I had for Philip Vane has nothing to do with my illness. At first I suffered; but my feeling did not affect my health. There mUBt be some defect in my constitution, which has developed itself, as I attained "maturity. I overheard Mr. Summerton tell my father such is the case." " And is Mr. Fontaine satisfied Mr. Snmmerton is a better physician than Dr.. Sinclair?- I "wish he .would call in to see you.'' " I am not ill enough to require two phylicians, and father says'there is less" safety in such a course. He has reason to confide in the skill of Mr. Summerton." " Perhaps Mr. Fontaine is right, but I wish Dr. Sinclair could see you." Are you sure that jealousy is not lurking in some corner of your heart—for Philip has joined Savella's admirers ?" " I have declared from the first my illness has nothing to do with Philip. If he were to marry Savella to-morrow, I should only feel it as it affected my father; but he ha6 this idea firmly fixed in his brain, and ic I die, I shall have the mortification of. knowing that those I best love -will think I was weak enough to give-up life because "a heartless man proved faithless. Oh ! think better of me, for I deserve that you should do so." Her earnestness called a flush to her cheek, and Miss Carleton drew near her, and said: "lam satisfied, Isola, that you are not perishing.of a broken heart, and I have the hope that we can bring you back to health again. We will lavish such cares on yon that you must revive." Exhausted by the Bbort drive to the Vale, Isola went to bed, and soon went-into a • slumber, in which she moaned as if in pain. Miss Carleton.maintained'her watch beside her, though Fanny came quietly in andplaced on the draisingi stand the vial she • hadlaken away. . • . Though full of glee at ihe feat she had J)erIormep, tlie dtd not B&nij; whaV^he had' 'done. . Every drop of Sunimerton's . potion had been 'thrown away, the vial washed thoroughly, and spring water substituted; Fanny believed; Buiunrerton'. 'to- -be . a'- quack, -whose plausibility had umposed on Mr. Fontaine, and sheavondere&atrhis;' in- fatuation In allowing the life of his prot£g£ to be risked on his skill. . ... . When Isola found her drops restored, she continued to take them; and the improvement made, in-her.-health by" ten--day6'. stay at the Vale «he partly..attributed to their eQlaacy. . ®very member of. .the family showed the kindest solicitude in her recovery, and at the close of the second week Ehe had gained strength "to ride out. • Every day Fontaine came over, accompanied by Savella,'to inquire after her. and he was thankful to see a faint tinge of rose blooming on ier cheeks; bat I$pla observed that a shadow ikd fallen' over --him. He was self-absorbed, and she wondered jf the knowledge of Philip's attentions to Savella had thus affected him. Fontaine rarely attended evening parties, and when lie was present, Philip was careful not to make his devotion to Savella so marked as to attract his attention, for it was his policy to conceal his plans from her 'anola till they > *»re ripe for execution. Isola made efforts to while him from liit sadness, but she saw that she failed, though ' he made an effort to talk as usual. On* I morning, on parting from her,-he said : .,. " I must soon claim you again. I cannot live -without you much longer, Bnd it is ' my resolve to keep you under my own roof." His expression was so strange, so different from his ordinary one, that bolt looked at him in surprise. ' " Nothing opposes my return, father, and if you miss me eo much I will go back with ' you now. I am so much- better that I no longer need the oars that has been lavished on me." " No, no—hot yet—not yet. Qemain at the Vale till you are stronger, for—" He kiBsed her brow, and offering hil thanks to Miss Carleton for her kindness to hiB child, mounted his horse and rode away. Both were struck with his preoccupied manner, and a fear fell on the heart ol Mibs Carleton that some .weight was pressing on his heart. Sbe would not believe him I | ; I ' capable crime; if evil had been done, he must have been'lhe victim "with the brother who had so mvsteriously perished, and she felt the certainty that Senora Boselli was cognisant of -'what had occurred m. Italy: that '«he had participated in the -scenes which liad left .Each an impression of-Badness on Fontaine. That Ihis woman .came to his house foi any-gooQ purpose sue couia not oeneve, nut s&e; was far from suspecting the turpitude which those two hypocrites were consummating.'. \- On the night after Isola's departure, Fontaine was alone in his library, engaged in looking into the state of his affairs prepa- i paratory to making his will. A rise in tobacco had enabled his merchant to sell his last crop at a high price, and the proceeds, amounting to ten .thousand dollars, he intended to settle on Isola. If he lived he would be able to do more for her; if he died, or lost his reason, Savella would come into possession of his estate as the lawful heir. Celia, who had waited on Isola from her childhood, he would give to her, and a draft of the will he intended to make lay on the table.' His head was bent over a column of figures,-when he was'startled by a shock. Then three raps from beneath the table I and the voice so long unheard breathed almost in his ear ; " Claude, I am beside you. I must tell you how happy I anf that you have sent from you the rival of my child. Let her stay from beneath this roof, (or her presence is a curse to it." - F&jlaine; was -unnerved, but disdain at this assertion restored to him full self- possession. He exclaimed: " Fell and evil spirit, for such I now know you to be, avaunt 1 I refuse to obey your dictates. Leave my house unpolluted by youraccursed presence !" " Claude ! beware of speabing thus, for I possess the power of life and death over her and you. Did you hoi feel the touch of my fingers 1 I could as easily have struck yon senseless had I chosen to do so. Take my child to your heart; make her the heiresB of all—all you possess, and I will leave yon in peace. Act otherwise, and I will fill your house with eucb devilish revelry thai you mil he glad to come to terms." n It was Henry Fontaine's voice." that , , . ^U.™ i sonnded in his ear; but the listener felt j that his brother's nhtuie must have become j warped in the spirit-land' to' speak' thus.' j And he firmly said: i " An evil demon has obtained power over"'! me through my own fratricidal act;vbut that you are Henry Fontaine, I will never I : believe unless I have oscular demonstration to that effect. If I see you with'my own j eyes, I may believe their evidence; nothing I leBS will convince me." - j " Ho!" laughed the speaker, " with you, I seeing is believing-is it. 7 vV»"ell—you shall ' have that proof. So impalpable a presence j as a ghost must float out upon the darkness, | his form rayed forth through the power bestowed on him in the spirit-world. If you i j can bear the sight, I promise to render my- , I self visible to you." ; Fontaine exclaimed: j " Let me sse you this moment. I will extinguish the lamp," and hepnt out his hand to remove the shade. The voice spoke as if receding from him : " Not yet, Claude. The sight would madden your brain; for when. I do come, it will be as you last saw me—dying by your band, Can you bear that ?" Fontaine sank down, pale as thedead. He shuddered, and putting ont his hand, said: " Go away, for God's sake ! Once before your presence near me nearly drove me to suicide. Persist in coming to me and I shall lose reason. If you are my .brother, yon will leave me to bear my burden in such peace as I now may find." Again that thrilling touch.sent its electric shiver through his veins, and'the departing voice said: . ! i ! | I ! ! I j ! I | < { "Adieu. I leave you at your command i i but, if you pay no respect to my wishes, -I j shall make my presence felt by you again." J Three -laps filled the room with their i echoes, and Ctesar appeared in the doorway I with a scared face, and faltered: "Was you a knockin'- for me, marse Claude? I were goin'through de hall, an* heerd de noise, an' I thought you was taken sick and wanted suffin*." Fontaine lifted his tolritSface.rriow «tem ^witiilanger, and quicklyaskrii^.: " "How loiig have you T&an; /bear that -door? Have you .overheard; anything «x- 'eppt the raps?" ' : Fo' de bressed Lord, I hasn^i I'd jest : «bme in to shet up de house for de night. I "hopes you dont' s'pect me «f.lt$yin' on you, mdirster?" :. /'"- • -. • "*' "I should not do so, Cassar, for you have always been faithful; but something strange has happened. I desire you will say nothing -pf the noises you have heard." At that instant another peal was heard, beneath which the lamp and papers on the table trembled. The negro fell on his knees. . He cried out: G'way from here, you cussed debil dat ' you must be—g'way. What does ghost- . -esses want in dis house? Get out'n dis, or \- m make my ole o'man scold you," : A smile 'crept over Fontaine's lips at this atisurd threat from the poor old man. Ha remained standing in the same attitude several moments, listening to. any farther demonstration that might he made. A n a dnriu a. lifetime of BV years. according te.a paper recently read Wore tnc Academy of Science, Paris; sleeps feway an aggregate" of .6000 days, works away the same jperiod, - eats away. 2000 days, walks away800 days, is ill during 500days, and -himself witt tie remainder of hil half century on earth. \- " Ton have heard of spirit-rapping, Oasar, and yon have seen experiments tried here by the young people. There is nothing to alann you in it. I have witnessed inch things, and no evil came from them. Get up, and attend to closing the house." At thiB command, the>old servant arose: "I ain't used to such things, marse Claude. I ain't got'much gumption, an'— an' I is feared to go. out'n de hall by myself. Ef dat ar' thing was to foller arter ' me, an' hammer on de do', I "should drop dead." His rolling eyes and dusky complexion proved the truth of his assertions, and Fon- taine'kindly said: "I will go with you, then, but I think the visitation is over for tbis time. I for- bid you to speak of what you have witnessed 1 hare." ! " I'll member what you say, . marse | Claudej an' I'll try to 'bey you ;'but I t wiahes dat I hadn't heerd nothin' oh it myself.-' Fontaine preceded him :in his tour of the house, and saw all the windows -and doors closed.. As CsBar was -leaving Claude, he •ntreated: — Don't-have nothm'-to do wid 'em. marse Claude. uDey is vdebb^s; tin -"sguise. iAx do bressed JjorVjto sen' -6m l&ck; to ^de* .place dey come fn>m, an He lI take -de cuss away, torn your- "Ihave not called the''spirits. Ciesar; and you may be sure I Sbali'pray to be delivered from their persecutions." "Dat's right, sarj'but I hates to see you go back interdat haunted house all by your- •elf." Have no fears for me; I shall be quite safe from anything they can do to harm me." The moonlight fell upon his faee, and Caesar noted the rigid whiteness that bad settled on it, the restless fire that burned in his dark eyes. In the open air the old man was no longer afraid; but he saw his master re-enter the house and close the door behind him with a feeling of dread. He listened; but alt remained still, and he moved toward his cabin in a state of be- wilderment which did not escape the keen observation of Aggy when he appeared before her. But to all her inquiries he only ^ 8 f,™" de debbH 'spectea as much when dese furrin people got to stay in it," she replied. " But what's happened ?" "Nothin'; only de debbil's to pay, dat's all." "Ef he is to pay, I hope he'll take his debt out'n you, you old stupid," was the retort. " I jes' wish you'd hold your tongue^ or else talk sense wid it." Cesar obeyed her wish; for he refused to speak further, in spite of the cajoleries which Aggy condescended to practice. She taunted him with' being possessed with a dumb devil, to which he ruefully replied: " A dumb debbil is better'natalkin' one." *' Dat dar's for me, so I'ii jes' shet up. But I'll find out what has flustrated you eo much, in spite o' yourcircumbendibusses. Thar! I don't b'lieve marse Claude knows a bigger Word dan dat." At length day dawned, and soon after Caesar heard the voice of Fontaine speaking to the overseer in the yard. Thanking God that he : was still living, 1 the'did servant 'aroused his wife and prepared himself for Ihe duties of the day.' . J • CHAPTEB XXIL ' rHTT.TP VANE TTNEABTHED, Night after night, throughout Isola's absence, the same "attempts were made to extract from Fontaine a pledge that she should never return to the shelter of his ] ; roof. ! The draft of his will was copied, and he ' placed it in his desk with the original, intending I to go to Lynchburg and have it en- grossed by a lawyer. A few days afterwards : ; he sought for them to make some ! alterations, and both papers were found torn ! into fragments, which were scattered over i the desk. > That night his familiar told him he had | done it; that he would find means to destroy ! every instrument which alienated 1 from Savella any of the property which was ! hers. Fontaine had fallen into replying to the voice as if the speaker were a tangible presence, and he said: "I will place my will where you cannot reach it." i In-response a laugh came, followed by the words: " Try it, Claude, and.see if yon can find a spot into which I shall be unable to penetrate." The will was placed in an iron chest in his room; he carried the key about his per- Bon, yet three days afterwards, when he sought for it, that he might take it with him to Lynchburg, he found it destroyed. Examination of the lock convinced him that it had not been tampered with; but Fontaine still persevered in carrying out his intention. A skeleton was sent to his lawyer in Lynchburg with a request that he would have it ready for signature at the end of a week. During the absence of Isola, Savella endeared berself to Fontaine; and accompanied him in his Walk to the quarters, and when there showed the liveliest interest in the welfare of Ihe people who -were to become her property at some future day.. She. appeared to have overcame her, distaste lo them, and the hindhessiwith Which she addressed them Tvon golden opinions. \- Savella^ndeavoured to -fill the'*place of Isola, and for hours ehe played -and sang to her uncle, who felt the demon .exorcised by the spell of music. . Autumn had set in. One afternoon Fontaine was detained from home several hours, and returned depressed in spirits. He yearned for /.music -; but- pn inquiring for his niece he was told that she was gone out for a walk. After a few turns he threw on his hat, and took the patiiway which he had .observed Savella pursued of late when she sat .out for her afternoon walk. Fontaine had proceeded half a mile without encountering any one, and he began to' think Savella "had taken another path, when the sound of voices struck npon^his ear. The speakers were sheltered -behind a clomp - of bushes 4 but a few steps brought the intruder in'view of the two who fancied themselves 6ecarje'irpm observation. Savella :was seated in a grape vim* chair, . formed by twisting the long- branches - to- gether, and at her feet reclined Philip Vans, testing Mb head against the rustic rat, and holding her hand in his own. • ; He was speaking passionately, and. ih« expression of the girl's faoe ievealed what was passing in her heart. Fontaine read its meaning at one glance, and than strode forward. Savella uttered a cry, and Philip sprang to his feet tp confront the. face' that glared on him with bitter contempt. " So—0— Mr. Vane condescends to amuse his hours by attempting to beguile another unsuspecting heart to love him. I ask you if it is the part of an honourable - man to enter my grounds without my knowiedge and meet my niece in this clandestine manner ?" Philip recovered his audacity, and be eoolly said: ' . "My first meeting with Miss Fontaine was accidental, I assure you. Since that happened, as I was no longer a visitor in your house, I have availed myself of *neh chances as offered themselves to see your —niece. To-morrow I should have waited on you to offer my proposals in form, as Miss Fontaine has just honoured me by accepting me as her future husband." Fontaine listened. to this address with surprise. He turned to his niece and sternly asked: "Savella, can this be true ? Have yon disobeyed mj wishes so as to suffer JOUT heart to be won by- a man I assured yon wouldaiever be acceptable to me • She looked np appealingly ahd: faltered 1 . ."Oh.-nncle Clandelff loved •PhHip from , the first cnomentXsawlum. I know ttatl- Iiavedone wrong:but he loyes me. and— and I wiUnever marry anyone bnt -Jum." .-. Her uncle scornfuny said: - " Doubtless Mr. Vane has induced you to believe that he adores you; bnt it is. hot long since he came to me and professed the same feeling for another. I cannot understand the faoility with which his affections have been transferred from her to yon; yet why do I say so, for I am afraid I do comprehend it but too well." "Philip never loved Isola," Savella exclaimed. " He has told me so, and I believe him." .A glance of contempt from Fontaine's eye flaahed over Philip. He retained sufficient self- control to speak calmly. " Miss Fontaine speaks the truth, it was but a passing fancy I had for another. I do not regret this discovery, aB it affords mean opportunity,Ihave deBired to express my sentiments." .. "Philip Vane, yonr audacity.passes be' yond all bounds," said Fontaine. " Do yon suppose I am not aware how much your professions are worth?. Savella, when this man learned that Isola wonld not inherit my property, he deserted her; and in tbis brief space of time he professes to have attached himself to you with ardour cnfelt for her. Judge for yourself if he would not be •qually faithless to you if the smilas of for tune .should forsake you." "Oh, uncle Claude," pleaded Savella, " do not Bpea,k so, for I love him, I bell you I and I shall die if I am separated fro or him 1 ' No, he never loved Isola; he loves only me!" There was such passionate feeling in her voice that Fontaine was touched. He more gently said: " Poor child you must suffer from the perfidy of a man whose personal attractions are his only recommendation. But I must save you from him at all hazards." Then, turning to Philip-Vane, he went on; Mr. Vane, if anything could have added to the distaste I have for you. it is the knowledge that in this. lindertian'd manner yon have attempted to win your" way-into my family. I decline ai^eplug you as a suitor to my niece, and- believe she will be in. i daced to listen to reason, land give np a man ' who seeks her for her worldly advantages alone." "Speak," said Philip: "Shall, it be so? ! Tour inheritance -is your own; and -1 am sufficiently independent in fortune to lift me above the suspicion of the interested motives whicn Mr. Fontaine has imputed to' me. I love you ; you are aware of the rear, nature of the obstacle that lies betwean 13s; and you have seen that Isola now regard s me as an old friend. Accept or reject me at once, for on your decision rests our future relation to each other." His eyes were fixed on her—she made a step forward, laid her hand in his, and said: "Philip, I believe in the nobility of your soul, and I will love you to the end. Oppo- siton will only strengthen my resolve to be yours through all." " Ton hear, sir," said Philip. But Fontaine drew Savella away irom him, and held her at his side by throwing his arm around her. "Philip Vane," he said," I am responsible for the welfare of my. brother's c&ild; till she has attained years of discretion. To you I will never surrender a cent till that time expires; and I forbid you to approach her as a suitor. If she does not discover how false are your professions of love, sbe will possess little oftbe foresight of the-race from which she sprung. Good evening. Come, Savella, we are far from .home." He would have drawn her away, but ishe sprang: toward Philip, and exclaimed with passionate fervour: " Oh! my Philip—my adorod—believe him not. My heart will never separate from yiou. We shall ffnd means to meet, we shall be happy yet." " I believe so, Savella, my future wife, he responded; and when Fontaine drew £a vella from his embrace, he said " Xou see, sir, how useless opposition will prove. She loves me with all the ardonr of her southern* blood, and I $romise> jreih" to be a good husband to her." ' He encircled SaVella with his strong arm, , <and suppbrtedViier faltering steps as be ..moved away with .her., She looked at Philip as long as it was possible to do e'd; and the expression <ff her eyes confirmed what lier lips ottered. Philip wattshed them a few .moments, and then a smile broke over his lips. He muttered: " I have paid you back for yonr insulting dismissal of my pretensions to Isola. Thut girl will do what I bid her.; I hold her fa&e; in my hand, and be it happy or miserable,, ahe 6hali yet become my wife." He strode to the tree to which his house was fastened, and -dashed off in the direction of Dunlora to tell his mother how he had sped in his wooing. CHAPTEB XXHL SAVELLA DEFIAKT. Fontaine moved in the direction of the house, sustaining Savella; but aiterproceeding a distance she extricated herself from his arms, and said: "lam able to walk alone. I do not wish to be too burdensome to yoo. .. He regarded her in sorrow as he eaid: " I have Jever felt that you are a burden to S»«- . I have indulged tho hope that yon would ptvfe a blessing to me; hut what I _ .have witnessed haB so shaken my faith in yon, that I feave misgivings for the latate." (Continued on next Paget) FUN AND i'ANOl, They Won't Own It—What i* It ibftt ladies are always gelling which they do not want ? Why, getting old. Give us sixpence for a bed, boss." " Why, certainly, my man. Where iB the - tied?" First Man (excitedly)—Our restaorant is on fire." Second Man (calmly)—" Corns, then, hurry up, and perhaps at last we may be able to get something hot." The Drill Sergeant (after worrying Nesbitt for two hours)—"Bight about face." Nesbilt (perfectly immovable) — "Thank goodness, I'm right about something at laBt." Mistress—" Did yoo tell the lady I was out?" Maid—"Yes, m'm." MistresB— Did she seem to have any doubts about it?!' - Maid—"No, m'm. She eaid she knew you wasn't." An Iowa paper speaks of a man having 'been lynched "for burning.the bam. and- , contents of his son-in-law." Any man who . will burn the contents pf hiB son- in-law deserves tobe lynched. The Latest Publication. — "Shears— • v Tooter had an addition fohiB family -this. , morning." • ^ditor—"-frhat .was^ltj" . , Shears—"Ahoy.*? -^Editor^"Makea.note;• of it under the £ead of vlTew Music:" ,i t^;- ;- Papa—""How are you progressing tn^pnr - ^ language lessonB. Ethel?":.- :Ethelr-" Oh, I have'learned to say • Thank;you' .and "If ,v you ' please in French'." • Tommy—" That's , more than you ever learned in English." A book has been published, entitled . " How to Live Within Tour Income." the advice is good,, but if some benefactor of bis kind would kindly tell people how to live without it, -he would oonfer a boon on thousands. Mr. Barkling (undergoing a niedical examination for insurance)—" Are you going to punch me again like that, doctor?" The" Physician—" Just once more." Mr. Barkling—" Well, before you do it just have the policy made out and signed, will you?" - : Ah! Dot Vos So.—" Do you call Ibis a band of picked musicians'?" said tlie' hotel manager to the leader of a summer band.. '.'Ach, dot vos so, I bick'm mines'ellef," replied the bandmaster.' " Well, then, you' picked them before they were ripe?', ' Any Time You're Passing.—Mrs. Verybig —" Now, my dear colonel, be Bure to call on. . us as soon as you can make it convenient." Colonel Roberts—'" At wliat hours do yoo receive,Mrs.Verybig?" Mrs.Verybig—"Oh, you will always find us at home whenever we are in." A gentleman went to keep a written appointment in tbecity with a broker whom he did'not know by sight. Seeing a forlorn-, looking person seated in the office, he said I beg pardon, sir, are you the broker ? To which the other promptly replied, " No, sir, I'm the fellow that got broke." Checkmated.—Enraged Father — " Well, . that's the last time I'll ever be fool enough to give any of my daughters a cheque for a wedding present." Mother—Why, Charles ? There's nothing wrong, I hope." Enraged Father—" Yes, but there is. That fool of a , son-in-law has gone and had it. cashed." Mother Knows.—Mrs. Fangle—" Lizzie, what time was it when that young man left last night?".Lizzie—'tAbout 11, mamma/' , Mrs.: Fangle—" Now, Liime, it was two hours later than that, for I distinctly heard him say, as yoo both went.4o the door, _ 'Just one, Lizzie.' Yon can't fool-yonr • mother." She felt nasty.—Mr: Ginott (looting np from the paper)—"Well, welll Wonders will never cease 1 They've got the.prooeBS. so complete now that they can even - photograph in colours." Mrs. Ginott (glancing at his nose)—" I think, my dear, you'd better get your picture taken before the old process is abandoned." Marriage in Montana.—The minister began—" Will you take this woman to be your wedded wife?" when the strapping groom interrupted him as follows:—" Say, Mr. Minister, quityer foolin' and get down to hizoess. You know I'm here to take this lady, an' so what's the use of askin' me ! Besides, I don't allow nobody to call her a woman. She's a lady she is." How He Sold It.—An agent for B certain fcind of scrubbing soup iB so well versed in the vulnerable points of housekeepers, that ho seldom fails to dispose ol at least one calce at every door. One day he rang the beH at the house of Mrs. Candy, who was a. noted housewife, and who -anBwered his ring: in person. Hi) understood her characteristics at a ' glance, and saw that a jocose style would not b e successful with her; so he said, with a crei itfallen expression, as he looked be - yond her into her spotlesB hall: "My dear madam, I must beg pardon for bavini5 needUssly interrupted you.' I have here a Boap which is warranted to remove stains from paints, carpets, furniture, and But I see I have come to the wrong house; for there's not a stain-on your paint or youl r hall carpet, and doubtless your fur- niture is equally spick and span. So, 111 eay goc id mor " " Yo ung man," interposed Mrs. Candy, with a slight relaxation of her severe countenanb e, " you may let me hii've a couple of themaakes. I ain't sure but they might come ill handy some day!". She ,gave one of the cakes to her «ieoe. : B' few dajys later, saying she hah bought; them of fan uncommon civil-spoken .young man,, wlio had too much sense to be Wastin'il in , -trsveUin' round as iagent. bnt had evidently beau drove to the ^business by misfortnnes."- BEr. Smartchap {who thinks' he sees'the opportunity of his life): " Happy New Year, Mir. Hardhardt! I have noticed, however, that business has been very doll lately." Employer: " Yes it has." Mr. Smartchpp: " And yiour profit have been greatly reduced, with no\ immediate prospect ot improvement." .Mr. Hardhardt i " That is true " Mr. Smai Ichap: " I have therefore come to you to asl * that you reducemysalaiy." Mr. Hardhardi t (in a hurried whisper to his secretary):" Humour the poor fellow wh3e I go and tele phone to the insane asylum." A Beliab. leDomestic.—"Here's a note I want you to hand Mrs. Lively when yoo are sure nobody is looking," said a New York society man tV> a coloured servant 'at a fashionable FiG.ii Avenue residence. "Yes, sell," replied ! Sambo, showing his ivories. " But, mind jot 1 don't whisper a word to a living s< ml." " You kin jest rest easy about that, bp ss. Yistei*day I fotched dot ar' same widdy 1 ady a letter from anndder gemman, an' I aiin't said a word ' "bout it to nobody yit. ? Eon kin jeas rest easy crbout my openio <g my moot." • Plemty bf Time.—He: "And yon wont. marrj• me?" She: ""Well, I -But just think t I've scarcely known you three weeks, and :;aiu hardly acquainted with you yet. 1 ' fie: j"Oh, that's all right! Think of the bppi jirtunity to get better acquainted with me g £pu'll have when we are married," (Co*tiruuA frm prcrtm* Page.) W h y T f i i H e L o v e H e f ? CHAFTEB XXlU jCqntznoeaj. "Have yon not- heka -ieBfjbi ^hat di^pBcity Is Vein toa^rd^hose'wfab love ytm ? I irould not have believed th&t; yon would ao lar forget the dplfcacy.pf i refined woman as to meet inlBecret a lover of whom yon were aware I cocld never 'appiove. 4 * ' "And why will ybn not approve of him ?' Bhe bnrrt forth. "He'isall tHat a reasohaHe person can ask—nohle in nuhd. 'Jieantifol as a-demi-Eod- l love hiin. oncle Claude t Hove hiin to Bniaia degree that I - would - cling to' brm *in~ death. We first met by acciflent, . bit: I conlesE I "again Bought that ^pot jeyeiy aftembon thst'I might look'on znyking, xny loVe.trotn wliom JoU nor kny onA else sha^l trevet sever mi.™ Fontaine saw that Snorter ezcitemetit -remonstranc* -wonld be useless, and life -only •aid:'-' •;-. .. ' • .••bAiall'tafa care that fliesc clandestine meebngs take -jJacfcOBo-Jiimre.- • U:?yoamairyfluIitkVaae t^rxmet fce?»®6hppt.'3ny.; Mg y a ?stee.'>»ereB;r of'ioEtnte^-ije -wbdld desert yon. t «aii fhK;95^Hileitct ' t n ' w h o -lias proved inms^asnnpnripipleSkshe has." \- Savella tnm«l on iSm, wfui panting breatii^ ' ..." ; " Uncle,-feel tbist I "speak (be troth. X EhBll die if I am sepsraied from Philip. 1 • love him to that degree that, if I bad the certainty thet my wealth conjd purchase his hand, I would give my last' dollar to gain it, hoping that my' devotion" would meet its reward. But I know you wrong him, lor lie has given me soch proofs of fa is.attachment, that I should be base to doubt him." " Very lately he ga^p the same to another," replied Fontaine,." and do yon think in three- months a heart worth having can detach itself from its first love and enshrine a second idol in her place?" " He never truly loved. Isola. He has told.me of. the fascination she at one time exercised orer him, but until he saw me hie heart was never touched." " Ton are yet too young to marry any one, Savella; at seventeen ~a w<Anari often accepts a lover who at twenty wonld scarcely be-, permitted to approach her in that diameter. Give me- a promise that yon will wait till you have attained that age before bestowing your hand on Mr. Vane, and I pledge myself that if yon are' both faithiol to each other, I will withdraw mT opposition to y oor. onion, SaveUu's face-brightened; and die said:,. "Yob are ''my own' good ancle Claude again! Tint I must consult with "Philip; without Jus consent Ibave no right to bind' myself by. euch a promise. I have consented to many Kim, and if he is dissatisfied to.-'~wait so long, I cannot do what will make bijn unhapj>y.: If be shocld get angry- and desert roe, --i should perish in ysur eight. Ob, nnele; yon do not know how dearly I lore him.* r ' - • " Poor child !"Mid Fpplaiqe, " is there no.possibility otEaviug jpu ?.. Savella, hear as j. You «hall sotmarry fIttlip-Vazie while I •pbsSera any legal ^otfer : are my child now, '^a^;.Snst guard yon from jonrself." , " SaveDa disdaintnHy repeated;. ' '• "Shall aot V anl'villnl 'beside : liim in silence till they gairieaaiie''bouse: £pnn|j ingup the steps, she' swept. past Summerton and her aunt, who were on the ~piazza. SenoxaBoeellr-said':. - " I hope Savella has been doing notbing to displeaqe you, Claude." f ontaina moved toward the window and aaJid: • - " Come 5n here, Tnadsm. I have a comnrnnicatiom of serious import to make to 'you, and X tmst yo'b. will aid me in impressing an my nieae the necessity of submitting to my authority." An alarmed glance was exchanged between the two confederates,' and making a sign to Summerton, Senora Boselli passed into the loom and closed the blind after her. "Madam," said Fontaine, " I hope what I have to tell you Will be a surprise to yon. I trust you have not encouraged my niece to disobey my wishes with regard to Vane.' When they have met at the houses of my friends, have yoH remarked that his attentions to her were-those of a lover 7" Certainly not. ...They have not been so marked as those of half-a-dozen other 'gentlemen; and I have not thought of him in that light. I troist that ' Savella has not given him .encouragement to hope for success. " They are plighted lovers. I went ont this afternoon and found her with Philip Vane. - They .have met thus for many weeks past, and she-declares her determination to marry lim." ' His «yes were fixed on her "face, and be saw th^it-she was more'dismayed at this ' discovery than He tad b6e'n. She ex- <claim&d;: • " Sh«masf : tfet tiaar her destiny in such a tnnnnerl ' Thetalra girl! tow she has de-' ceived me i 'She'iias broken of' this Vane' so ijpenly—coc^e&tie;^'liis con3tfct so freely \- —tljat {jmever: imagineff- iehe ha^ ahyzegard "'for ' . : .... ' ; " BaVeJla-cKfeiSaies^lieadBttbng passion . for Ilin^ii^d'^S^s we' &id; meaiis'^o xe-. strain iier^^e.wlj rus)i Tnto lus arms; She iuoE.toldane-aSijiiBciilierssdL'" ' " H*' HemEsis -forgot heir usual caution. BhBsaid;' - --i " Ivrill iockher up. I will give Her only bread : and wWief to'Uve'Jan till she comes to .harsemses.-;.,:-.-.^ . •",.... .;•'••• " Softly. rnadam; J cannot permit such extreme measures to be aised. By persnadon Unas 'giri"..may ie H4 to .do. what is Dght;:but she never will be driven into, terms, v. I am glad you are as" much opposed to sucb >a union as l am, and I ask yon to use your' influence to bring, ber to reason. Jnst now theglamour of passion obscures all sense of tight in her mind." "Ipledjge myself ;1 will aid .yoo in «mry possible way, for Savella ~ is too. young to give her hand to anyone, 11 she cooDy. eaid. "J wis ao exasperate! by her duplicity that X expressed, myiseif strongly. 7 ask your pardon, Ur. Fontaine, for speaking of. your nieoe as l did. I forgot the xespect dne to ter position." 4 He arose and Baid r " We nnderstand eich dottier tnth refer- «noe to this «Barc. Be gentle with Bavella, for die-is in^axcitement that wiU not bear increasing.' If we win: her over, it must be Huou^i kindness.'""" IithaUwmtimbei^I wBl go to bm^at As the Benora passed out a figure flitted from the shelter of the blind, and she (ound Summerton awaiting her in ball. He ^gidkeui Italian: - - 1 overheard It all; ahl she' has baf&d; alloinplantWylfcrayonnM'l^ ' stricter watch over ier ?" ' "Havelnotdonemybest? But'^ie'bas' decayed me from the first. I once actfesed berol attempting to attraetlhiB Vane; and she asserted she only wished to avenge Me desertion of IboIb by-drawing brm to a proposal which she would reject. Yet Bhe has secretly met him; -she has promised • to marry him. Oblifl dared; J would step her asl did when Ehewas a child ;bui fie talks of tenderness, and all that mambypambystuS. He doesn't'know Savella :as we do, or be woutd adopt more stiingent ™ What can-any of ds ido I II she will manyliim, die will, you know-as well as I do. I>et him purchase onr consent to the marriage by an annuity, to -enable us to . return to Italy and live injeomfort there. We do not care about leaving Savella behind. " Why do you -talk: thus ?" she asked. "With my eonsoit, Savella dull never marry ilim As a last resource to prevent - t, I will " -fliri nprini 1 bim j§»edly. Snmmerton aaid - *" te 1— , ^^^i^Emrii^dbtto ediSi'Hiingi-'i^Ebu -would : nin'alli fn'ttkt wonld bcfatal to our hopes. X know it wonld, and if you at*, tempt Such a thing J will desert a sinking ahip,.and you may swim to the .shore as you can." ~ After a lew moments of thought, she replied:' . *' I believe you are right. Such a course would-be injudicious ; so l must soothe her, and play patience.-as Ur. Fontaine recommends." •• Do not let your anger get the better .of your prudence this time," was his paitii<g caution, as Senora Boselli left him to seek her nieoe. She found Savella walking the floor, weeping, and wringing her bands as if in despair. The Senora advanced and stood confronting her. Their eyes met, and Savella said: "Get out of my path, don't come near me now, for I am not in a mood to be talked to by any ona." "Andleast of all by ine," was the re-- joinder. '"But I have come here to spc- tk -with you. If. you owe him nothing, you Owe me a debt you can never repay, yet you are mnViTi^ no effort to do so. You know I would sooner lay you in your grave than have you married in this dull country, yet you have practiced tiie vilest deceit toward me, and are ready to (brow yourself at this Vane, because be has a pretty face, and talks nonsense to you. I expected more from.you than this stupidity." The girl listened with a curling lip and frowning brow. She contemptuously retorted: ~i" I do not know why you should have expected better fruit from the training I have received. You have taught me nothing truer To serve your interests was the one idea inculcated, to the exclusion of every other. I am rich—Philip Vane loves me, and the man I have cboEen shall not be frowned'on by'you, if he is by my uncle." Boselli threw herself ona chair trembling with rage. After a struggle she spoke: " The proverb' wCfch says, < Pni a beggar on borseback, ud to.the deiil hell ride,', is illuutratedin your ca£ei. .But: for mc^yonwonld bave 'poverty and. Igjioraiice. . I.l^vepbjpjer^grer yoiir, fate; of which you are aot £ware,,tmd ifjou persi st in this insairity lniay be driven to" use it. In such en extremity Idonbtknowwhat I may notdo." - "_••- Savdla liEten^tijtier and said: " I ovre yon.something for the sacrifices you have made on my account, but money can repay you for. them.•• In my childhood yon bent me to your will by oppression; but l am now iiee to act as I please, and I refuse to be dictated to *by you. Use the power at which yon hint, and see how I wSl baffle it." The Senora began to comprehend that Fontaine was right; if Savella was won over.it must be through persuasion. She sobbed: "Ihoped that some tenderness for me was left in your heart, Savella; bnt I see I was mistaken. You think only of yourself, and I am nothing to yon. It will break my heart to see you make so contemptible a marriage as this, when so brilliant a career lies before you. Consent to be guided by. me for a few months, and I promise every-- thinglbat-yon desire." "Idesire but one thing, and that you have set yourselfagalnSi,,-! know you wish to secure my property-and return to Italy; - but my uncle will not surrender it till I am ' of age, and I no longer desire to leave this -country. I would refuse the hand of an emperor if Philip Vane held jont his finger to me and said,' Come with .me,' I would go to him—I would clingjlo him, and glory in my choice." Senora Boselli was in despair. She arose -and said; ." This man will squander the money for whichhe is ready -to sell himself, and break your heart by his indifference. But 1 Will perform my duty towards yon; You will bs permitted to walk out no - more ~ alone, and the most watchful dnennn wa£ '^iever more rigid-in -her -guardianship than I will be -over youT Sour' unile • has" ^delegated this $ask to mg, and I 'shall .perform it with a atrictnpCT yhich; will * Ififve you -no WVipnn* <6<dBtomiH&id;*!%ritt> 'yaur- lover.y •' -.-:"•.- ^jB^o^niHiedifriifii theloorb'-fc) seek her" TOngdani^exiid inform hiin what had passed' -iniBieinterTfew: :: .' • Savellaioekea^erdoor, washedaway the traces of "her tears, and sat down i t<> contemploU a minintaft of Philip, which : hs bad tfaat day given ber. r-- She aefused to appear at supper, .tand . spent^he timfe in>writing to Philip an ac count ofV all 'that' had passed since she parted fxom him, trusting to some chance to 'deliver*t to 'him, in spite of the snrveillaiue-with-wbish die was threatened. CHAPTEB XXIV. mk TJjOTTEBS IT WOKE. Wbeb Sunnoerton heard of the improvement 'in'isola's bealth, be expressed his delight vf tbe success of his prescription, and wpnt ; to<bS ; Vale tovrsit her, carrying with him B'lresh anpply of his medrctoe- He wajftuipnsedatthe change in her ap peannce, and congratulated her on her return <toliesl^i^claiming the ment'of Tier aonvaleseetite-. 8h* Smilingly'said: fTesj-yo&r; drops liave had a magic4 <fectam.nearly, restored to my -usuil taltbT" ' Fanny iremained hear her-friend whlk lu talked SummeHon, for tn spite cj his assumed piety, she cherished an intuitive feeling of mistrust -toward bins- She will go and look aBer Bavella myself. You must not leave us till you-are well. I think grandma's bitters have. done you as much good as the drops, highly as Ur. Summerton thm tc of them." , He diuked her for ber .offer to visit ftayJUj tnrning tn .Isola. MM in a tOW voice. " I. hope you have not been Induced to. take any nostrums compounded by a person ignorant of medicine. It is very dangerous to hazard EUch a thing. 17 \- " I have only taken a small quantity of the bitters every morning to please Fanny ; but your medicine use three times every day." - " Can you let me see those -bitten ? I am opposed to any one -tempering with a patient of mine." Certainly—I wffl ' bring theJbottle to you." *«Thank you. Here are the-fresh drops. How you are accustomed, to tbeix. use, you may increase the quantity, one-third. Bemember to be accurate, for they -ere dangerous if taken in ejees." -• " t will be' very--earefiil? 1 tod. «be was Tmng togp onl^t-aAxsf -whStfiXaxiaf.-.m —SifMII^fEoTa: yon are not yet.strong ynnngh .to^-run- up . and.down stairs. I will bring Jfeg bottle." Bhe presently returned, and presented it to Summerton, as she said ; It is only a tonic Isola needs. If you wish to stand well with grandma, yon had better say nothing against her pet medicine." That is more than can often be said of such compounds. Miss Berkely," he said. But . this seems innocent. It' Is only brandy poured on herbs: jet it may prove injurious to Isola. I would advise her to take only the life elixir I have prepared for her myself." I will do so," and Isola took the vial he offered ber; Fanny held out her hand for it and said: I will put it on your toilette, where it will be safe. I can fancy Mr. Summerton's consternation if the flask was broken and its contents spilled." " It would be a sad accident," he replied, for its contents are worth more than their weight in gold." Fanny took the vial in her hand and pretended toregard it with reverential admiration. Is it distilled -from gold J" sha asked. I have read of such an elixir, and the man that made it believed its use would render him immortal." Ko, I do not pretend to snch skill as that. This is a chemical compound, the secret of which is known to myself and a distinguished Italian-"chemist, from whom I learned to prepare it." Beally! the joint product of two wise heads should be carefully kept." Fanny looked him full in the eyes as she spoke these random words. Summerton was too good a diplomatist to be embarrassed by a girl; he quietly said ; There is nothing deleterious in my elixir, Miss Berkely, as the amended health of your friend proves." Pardon me, Mr. Summerton; I did not accuse you'of so deadly an" abuse of your medical skill," said jFaiihy, and; she moved . awfty; <sarrying tbe«'al in her hand. She wait hfcrseUinto^fe <ibamberafter Jock- . ing the door she poured the precious elixir into'an empty bottle and filled Isola's with water. This was placed on the dressingstand, and the drops' borne off, while she said: ' ' ,' " I "may Judge him wrongfully; but I am determinied to be satisfied about it. I will get Dr. Sinclair to analyse these, and find out of whkt' E0 precious an article is composed." Unluckily the vial slipped through her fingers and shattered into fragments on the floor. Fanny snatched a towel and wiped up the stains fearing some one might detect what she had done. She thought: " At the worst I can speak to Isola and tell her of my suspicions. Oh, how I do wish we could keep ber here, where I know Bheis safe. Poor George—now she has answered his letter, if anything should happen to her, it would be almost a death-blow to him." On Summerton's return to La Fontaine his accomplice sought to speak with him alone, and she asked : " Isit really true that Isola is recovering ?' " She certainly appears to be rapidly improving." "" And yet you assured me the medicine she took with'her would keep up the decay that was consuming ber life!" "I cannot' understand it," he replied. She assures me that she takes it regularly, yet she is regaining her health. Some con- stitutions assimilate poisons after a portion has been infused , into the system. Hers must be one of that class. However, all will be right now; I have made the drops I took to her to'-day'stronger than the last, and I ordered the.quantity taken to be'in- \- creased. We must get rid of her, for the will is made which gives her ten thousand dollars, and Fontaine went to Lynchbnrg yesterday and signed it." ' ".How do -you know that!" " I saw thedraft on his table, with -the letter to his Janyer. ^You know I accompa- ' nied hup to Lynchfccrg, .andfwbile there he spent two-horns irrlhe office of-Mr. Winston: It was yeasyuWnough : to comprehend whathisbu^Msw'aB." - -- - . How angry hel.Would .be it. he knew that yon enter his sanctum and pry into every- ~ thing there." ' ! " He wip never know it," Summerton re- plied. " It we -can prevent Savella from making a fool of herself; we shall grasp the ' .reward of all our toils." "Leave that.to me; I.will never.lose ' sight of her long enough to give her a chance to play ,me any trick. She has made "several attempts to send a letter to Philip Vane, but I baffled them all. have one in my possession, and such a silly, love-sick effusion I did not believe Savella would ' write to B.man she has not known bnt two • months.' 1 " She siprings from .a passionate southern \- rac« s n what else cas'yon -expect ? She f^l In lore with the first handsome man who -talked nonsense to her." "And lor this lip worship she-would renounce the promise of her life,". said the 1 Senora. If I coald only.-connnce her that Vane is as false as he is beautiful,- she might listen to reason; but' when I speak r disparagingly of him she flies into wrath, . and then frats^ier "hands over her ears to , ahut out my words. -But ! will conquer t her yet or die in the attempt." (To i* amttmierU) 