THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. Mr. Thomas Oaskin, of No. 3 Poplar Row, Darlcy Abbey, near Derby, is not no rich as many, being a gardiner, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hado't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. MIr. Gaskinbi oes on tonaay:" Up toeigbt years agoa hadner lost an hours' ork tbrough sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingbam, my appetite fell away, I bad dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chebt used to 'fill up'n and my throat would swell no I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yel lowish-green phlegm.e I had a racking cough and would cough and itrain, till I bled at noe, and the blod rushed ontof my ears. Ibecamo ooxhaosted nad short of breath and had to call the doctor; and was in bed five or six weeks. "Ibthen went an an out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six mnnths van very little bettor. I got so.thin that I was likn a ghost walking about, and my friendn said that itneas ali up with me. For eighteen months I kept gctting better, then worse, and at last the doctor recommendllDme to ry a channgeof air. So I come to Darnny Abbey and my former master gave Ins an indoor recommcn-. dation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital nere full, and I sa my club doctor andalso twn doctorn at Derby. The first one said, ',You AnRE to A GAILOPIvN CON snoe-lon, AND MUST DIE ; the other doctors after sounding my lungs and chest, SAID NOTHING, UT SHiOOK THEIR i EADS, "Getting a tr;fle better my old master allowed ione to do what little I could in his cardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until Devember, 18SS, when I caght cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was alwayacoughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much ans a teacupfl at once, and WAS AFRAID TO o00 TO OLEEP IOR FeAR TIHE PHLEGM WOULD CeOnE ME. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yel ow.n and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and month were dry and parched, and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue wni-s like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. \- I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was no weak I had to take hold of the furniture to moe a few yards. I wan always treed and weary, and nitting or lying was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often osat for hours looking at my bands-nothing but akin and bone, and was so ncrenos I couldn't bear the least noise and the children at play quite upset me. "The doctor kept on attending me, but he msaid. 'I CAN DO Yqp NO GOOD ;I CaN ONLY PATCH YOU cP, negaioSE nOU LrNn Ant DECenASED. I thea gave over taking his mediine and tried everything Icold hear of. One thing was a cough cure from Lon don that cost 22n. a bottle. Blut nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, 'WELL You WOne cocon moeci LONGERo Yo nHAVE atEtELY TO PREPARE FOR ANOTIIBR WORLD. "Ahbout the middle of Mtarch, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper milla at- Darley. Abbey, said to; me,' To;, 0I0 VOt. owno. TOY .MoTnr iiet Sco-eL's Sancy?' n' d told mne how he haVd been cnred after bein in the hospital. He spoke so inch inofraito of this medicine that I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle from Mr. Smith's Stores.in Victorin- street, After thi first dens I had an evacuation black as ink, and eomitoed.. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking 'the mnedicine. for three days my breathin got eanier, and in a few lays more Iwanableto go ont'forashortwalk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wroauht the imprement. iand I told him, as Itell very one, that Mo hler Ssigel'n Syrnp had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a dnay a work siice: In givring his onoent to the punliation of ohis remorkable statement, Mr. Gankin requests us to nrefer all doubters to him or to Mr. KtloAy; ead Gardiner, DanrlOy Abbey, who is acqunited with all the facts 'alleged. inr. laskin has lived at Darley Abbey for 22 ye ores, and bars an eicllent reputation. Now what nwas the comploint from whick ohe suered? Nori ALtoriaenv acendrtn,-, cgRTAItNLY (AS ONE OFTItE DOCTOnS a IIOnnTi e0 He on WLe he nE IALLOPRD INTm thIm noago INiv n THAN TtREE MendiHS. instead ofgrowingnworse foreven yeare. Hisnomn plaint nas chronic inflamnmatory dyspepala (or gantric catoarh), nihich has lung nymp tome like consumption; for which it inen often ignorantly mistaken and wrofngly treated. When the right remedy, hlother Seigelia Syrup, was used, the disease yielded, an allddinanes of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preporation. Wre hear tily congratulate Mr. Gkion his recovery nd commend the facts of his case to alt thiiaking people. 