THE BLACK HA8D. A Tale of the Secret Societies By tbe author of 'The Queen of tho Blondes/' ' Dazzling but Doomed,' 'The Fairest in Mayfair,' 'Perils of Paris/' 'Nina the Nihilist/1 ' Princess and Police Spy,' &c.; CHAPTER XXVIII. ' kohtikg BrT death shall fbevjsnt MT COMING.' ' Well, and why don't you begin to convince me of your innocence, Count P' ' Because your Highness has not yet made any specific charge against me.' * I want to know what crime it was ! that caused. you to so hastily quit St. i Petersburg?' ' I was down in the black hook at the | Police Bureau as a suspected Nihilist.' j * One of your high rank should hare j been easily able to refute such a charge ' | ' Not after haring refused to become a I member of the Swiataia Droujina.' j 4 And why did you refuse to join that I devoted baud of ike Czar's secret pro tectors P 'Because I loathe and despise the manner in which they seek to accomplish their ends. Spying, prying, and lying may come natural to a policeman or a movcJiard, but are incompatible with the honor and dignity of a Russian noble. Therefore it was that, though tbe Czar himself pressed me to join the Swiataia Droujina, I declined, and ao haughtily, I fear, as to make a foe of the first man in Russia.' ' The first man t Shame upon you, to call our Emperor by such a title/ *WhyP when even the Almighty in his second person condescended to be' known to an ace as tbe Son of Man ? Is is not a hundred- fold worse to call hiiu holy and sacred, and even the fourth person of the Trinity, as many doP' ' We will not enter upon tbr-t subjeot. Do you not call him man because you are a Nihilist, holding ihe hideousdoefcrineof universal equality P' I ' On my honor, no. I abhor ?s ihilism I folly as much as I detest tyranny. Nihilist, indeed I Why, I am not even a Republican. Three weeks in Paris have convinced me that even Russia is better off than France/ ' If you think thus, wliy did you join the Brotherhood of the Biack Hand ?' 4 1 have never done so. I would as soon league myself with Itoehefort'a Communists/ ' Yet your hands have been black in Paris as well as in St. Petersburg.' ' Tbe accident of their being so is easily explained. One day in the Nevabi Prospekt I entered a glover's to buy a box of gloves, for I generally purchase my gloves at the rate of some score pairs at a time. I _ must accidentally have made some Nihilistic &ign;, which, coupled with the extent of the order, impressed the glover with the notion that I wanted them as a treasonable badge or sign. Anyhow ho brought me blact kid gloves with three broad scarlet stiUihintfs up their backs, and thinking them a rather striking novelty, I purchased them. The very first pair that I wore drew upon me the attention of the police and a warning from a friend, a warning so impressive that I did not dare to neglect it. When, however, I came to Pans I brought the ill-omened gloves with me, deeming that in the capital of France I might wear them with impunity,' ' And so the refusing to join the Leagae of Nobles for the protection of the Czar's life, and the accidcntai wearing of a pair of black plores, and thereby incurring the suspicions of the police, were reasons sufficient to induce you to throw up an honorable and proud position and frighten you into a precipitate midnight flight from St. Petersburg and Russia. Candidly, 1 don't believe you, Count Ipancff/ 3&e; Count's brow darkened, and he bit hirnnderlip until the blood started ere he rejoined — ' Had anyone else said those last words to me 1 should have rejoined, 44 You are welcome to your unbelief.' But by soma strange fatality I long to s(and well in tbe good opinion of the only woman whom I ever remember to have had an ill one of mo, so though my anger bids me leave you, this longing forces me to eiay.' * My dear Count, this is very poetical, but it is not at all to the purpose.' ' Then all that I speak henceforth shall be. My third offence was a dereliction of military duty. I was despatched, on business of State to Moscow — business connected with the approaching corona tion. Half way there I was superceded by another, perhaps because the authori ties had grown afraid to trust me — I have often thought that since, but no matter Anyhow, I was relieved of my trust and at liberty to return to St. Petersburg, but oncc arrived there to attend to no business or pleasure of my own until I had first reported myself at the War Office. I failed to do this and thus by our Draconian military laws rendered myself liable to be arrested, tried by court martial, degraded to the rank*, and — shot/ 'And why did you not report yourself at the War Office, as in duty bound P' 'You shall hear. I was on my way thither when circumstances occurred which left me no option but to avenge firsts tirivate nron? 4 The private wrong should have been avenged after the public duty had been performed.' ' The avalanche should perhaps stay its terrible descent until the people who reside in the mountain huts beneath have had time to escape ; but yon seo it does not, and why P— because it would be against the laws of nature for it so to do I could not act against the law of nature either.' Both were now pallid with emotion and excitement- ^Count Ipaaoff with the re membrance of the events of that terrible sight whereon he had shot down the woman he so fondly loved, along with her presumed seducer and lover ; and the Princess Fedora because she knew that Loris' next confession (if she could only spur him to it) must be of the assassina tion of her affianced husband, whoee f&«o she was swern to avci»g,», or else of a plausible lie, which she 'felt she should oe able to detect as such in a single instant. ' Your private wrong must have been a very serious oqo/ she said, coldly. 4 So seiicuB that it made the risking of 1 honor and life seem paltry by compari son.' ' There was, of course, a woman at the bottom of it P* retorted the Princess cynically, willing that he should degrade himself with a lie in order that she might hate and despise him the more, and therefore putting the temptation right in his way. ( There was a woman in it — a woman whom I loved as I could never love another. There was in it a aJgo, whom I loved as a brother, and thought I could have trusted as one. They both deceived me. I found them almost in each others arm p. 'Twas the informa tion that I should so surprise them, if I lost no time on the way that tempted me to postpone public duty for private revenge/ * He has taken refuge is a lip, as I thought he would,' reflected Fedora bitterly. ' And ao now I can despise as «rell as hate him That is well/ ?-Vbat fhe said aloud was — 4 You assort th&t; you postponed your public duty for private vengeance- How did you avenge this wrong of yours F' ' Did I not an hour ago tell you that there were crimes for the punishment of which the Bible sanctions the injured ihedding the blood of tbe injurer P This m* one of them, and I hesitated not to shed the blood of these two I shot them both, and the body of one fell across the body of the other. There ; now your Highness knows all, and I may add that I so rapidly changed the scene as much to save myself from going mad ac to preserve my mother from the risk of having her favorite son die a felon's death/ , ' The plausible scoundrel,'* thought - Fedora, * to speck of slaying two persons ! 1 when only one body was fonnd, »nd by . I those who rushed into the lone houso I I almost as soon as the dark deed had been I committed. C?uld the dead have walked I away and disappeared P Ah 1' | Count Ipanoff was tortured by her frowning brow and her silence, and broke out with — 1 4 You go not believe my tale and I was a fool to expect that you would do so The incidents are too much like those in ouc of Emilc Zola's novels. I can see it ' myself. Well, well, at any rate I did not invite your confidence.' He was about to walk away, when Fedora place, d a hand on his arm and detained him. 4 Your story is strange and improbable, but not. impossible. If true, you are to be deeply pitied rather than blamed, at all events by me, who, had I been a man, would have acted in precisely the same manner if in the same way tried. But you are a stranger to me, and one of whom I have heard much evil and little good. Would it, then, insult you were I to re. quest you to show me proofs of the : ! correctness of what you say P Humble ! yourself to please my whim, and in turn I will humble myself by confessing that I want to believe you innocent — that I earnestly wish to think well of my com patriot/ She put on a syren smile and turned her magnificent eyes upon him, and the double tnare immeshed him in an in ~stant. ' She loves me, or sho would never Bpeak to me thus,' he thought ; and then it occurred to him what a glorious victory it would be over the man who had so foully injured him could he only win and marry this superbly beautiful and highborn girl, who was said to have dotod on him whilst he lived. 1 Your Highness, this is too much honor,' he almost gasped. ' But I will show you tbe proofs of the correctness of what I say. I will prove to you the truth of my story, so that it shall be im possible for you to doubt. It is for you to fix the time and pl«ce.' * I promised that I would receive you at my own mansion. Will you accom pany me home P* ' When the guests here depart I Your HighneEB, the hour will be too late, and the proceeding would be apt to compro mise you. To save myself from your censure is even less important in my eyes than to preserve you from scandal, the scandal which even our amiable hostess would delight to secretly circulate.' * Then you will come to-morrow night P M!y days are really all filled up for a whole week, and my impatience will not allow you to delay your explanation for so long as that. As you are so careful a boat my reputation, for which I thank you, you shall visit me in secret, by the garden door, which you will enter from the Quai dc Passy. The number is on the door, 5* and here is the key. I have another and so can spare it. Tho garden path leads straight to my boudoir, where if you present yourself exactly at eleven o'clock you will find me awaiting yoa.' 1 Nothing but death shall prevent my coming/ answered Count Loris, as he took the key. CHAPTER XXIX. WHEN HE IS FA.ST THIS Doon 'TWILL 13E ALL OVER WITH JTIST. Wonderful was the change in Count Ipanoff 's demeanor ai;er upon this occasion parting with Fciora. He sought her not again, indeed he seemed studiously to keep at a distance from her, and yet his eyes involuntarily, as it were, followed her whithersoever he went, drinking deep draughts of lovo into hi9 very soul. The Princess could see all this without appearing even once to glance in his direction, for wonderful are most women's talents of this way. She danced with De Siriex, gossipped with her hostess, and even descended to discuss Wagner with the little musical rofugee, rather than incur the risk of being accidentally thrown into close contact with Count Ipanoff again, and she told herself that the reason was because she hated him, but her conscience would now and then insist on whispering to her that the real cause of her shunning him was a fear that she should be foroed to love him if only because he was so wondrously handsome. Hew she despised herself for even feeling these perpetual mental taunts, and vet they would again and again pierce her, torturing her unutterably, so disgraceful did it seem to her even to think ii possible to regard with any feeling but intense hate the man who had murdered her sfiianced husband, whom she'pic.urei as perpetually pleading from the grave to avenge him So really ill did her mingled emotions cause her to feel, that atla6t sho could bear the strain no longer, and, pleading indisposition, was the fmt guest to de part. She entreated De Siriex to soo her to her carriage, and he did so, but even as she stood on the pavement waiting for the jager to open the door and let down the steps she was conscious that someone was cn her other side, and looking round she saw that it was Count Loris Ipanofi hatted and gre&tcoated.; * Ah 1 so you, too, are flying early from the scene of gaiety P' she said lightly. ' I seldom stay anywhere after the sun has set, for I see little beauty, as some do, in the pale cold moon and the lesser con stellations/ he added pointedly. Then raising his hat he walked away towards the Arc de Triomphe ' So you are friends after all. I am glad of it, for I was sure that, despite all evidence to the contrary, Loris IpanolF was guiltless of such a crimo as murder.' De Siriex said this in an undertone as he handed the Piiucess into her csrriage, but she only replied witb a bow and a smile, and a minute later she was being whirled away towards home, ai:d tie gco.'-uatured young Frenchman ha i h&stemd; indoora to see that thai fiddler fellow didn't cut him quite out with the Cjun!e*s SoukurefF. Whan Fedora reached hor magnificent mansion it was Police Maj.?r Gretch who in bis brilliant chasseur disguise assisted her to alight. * Your Highness hss fascinated him with your beauty. I saw you draw him after you as a magnet draws steel. You must have played your cards splendidly,' he whispered in her ear, half encourag ingly and half inquiringly. * I played to win. ana 1 have won/ she answered with a shudder. ^ ' He will call on me here to-morrow night at eleven. Can be not be seized at a quarter.patt P' 'An hour later would make it doubly safe, your Highness, foj*the Qaai de PaBay is not utterly deserted until five minutes af Ler midnight.' * Then I shall have to deceive and fool him for an hour and a quarter P' ' H your Highness looks your best it will not seem longer than five minutes to him.' ' It will seem countless ages to me, though,' sighed the Princess, and she passed on into the brilliantly-lighted hall and up the grand Btaircase to her own chamber. But ere she could pass the threshold, and gain that solitude and quiet of which sho stood so much need, the page boy D^metri barred her passage, and, falling on his knee and possessing himself of both her hands, kissed each in turn ai he ejaculated excitedly— 1 Oh, your Highness, I beseech you t'j tell mo how matters have goner My lovo for my late dear master compels me j to put the question, and I shall not sleep a wink tho whole night through unless you deign to satisfy my burning anxiety.' ' Be satisfied, then, with the know* ledge that the trap haB 'not beeasot in vain, and that to-morrow's midnight will see the rat firmly caught therein. _ Dbmetri uttered a cry of ecstatic de* light, and his whole face lighted up with joy. For a fow seconds he seemed to think of nothing else but the vengeance that had almost been von. Suddenly,; how ever, tho Princess* beautiful faoe came in for a share of his regard, and then he looked starded and surprised beoauBe it did not gleam with the same fierce joy which he was conscious animated his own. ' Oh, you cannot be quite certain after all, or you would look more glad,' he ex claimed. ' I am as certain as death, and what can be more certain than that P' responded Fedora, in hollow tones, and then suddenly changing them for those of querulouB irritability, she added— 'Oh, boy, boy, don't torture and torment me any further ;' and, bursting into a passionate flood of tears, she swept into her chamber, closed the door behind her with a bang, and then shot the brasB bolt as well. Demetri stood still a moment on the threshold, looking every whit as surprised as though he had seen a ghost. But then, as his lovely mistress* continued sobbing and moanings reached him from within, ho grated his pearly teeth to gether and muttered — ' The soft-hearted fool is yielding, re lenting—actually sorry for what she has done. After all, she is unworthy of Vladimir Garishkino's love. At the thought my old hate of her comes back again and drowns my newer devotion. If she prove false to his memory, even at the eleventh hour, let her beware, for I will not 6pare hor ; and now I will to Grotch, and learn what bIlc has told-him of her proceedings/ The page had no little difficulty in finding tho transformed Police Major, but at last he discovered him in the garden, returning thoughtfully towards the house. ' Been to oil tho lock of the gardon door, and see how the Quai de PaBsy looks over the garden wall, since to-night may be an index to to-morrow night,' said he. ' The Princess is relenting, she is sorry for what she has done,' replied Deznetri. ' I know it,' rejoined G-retch drily. 'But if she would save him she has re lented somewhat too late, for the appoint- ? ment has been made, and will be kept ; and when once he has passed within this boudoir door (slapping it affectionately while he spoke) it will be all over with the murderer of Vladimir Garishkine. , I dare not spare kim, though she ! beggared herself to bribe me to let him i go. 'Will you swear to me that you are above being bribed P* exclaimed Dbmetri, eagerly. 4 1 don't know that I'm particularly J above it, but you see I would not dare to take one, because I know of no instance on record of a police agent escaping punishment who had betrayed his trust. Even the assassin of a Czar may escape, but the traitorous or the beguiled servant of the Secret Police, never. This, mind you, even under ordinary circumstances, so what would befall the wretch who connived at the escape of the slayer of tho only son of the Police Minister P I tremble at the vory thought.' ' 1 am glad of it. Then the Count Ipanoff must be trapped P' ' And conveyed alive to St. Peters burg, though a ecore of princesses stood in the way.' ' That is excellent. 1 care not a fig for I her change of color now, for we can do I without her.' I ' Thank Heaven. X have pocketed j some thousands of her roubles before tho necessity has arisen. I fear that you have neglected to feather your own nest.' 1 1 would not touch a coin or jewel of hers though I was starving. X would not have done so even yesterday, when I loved her after a fashion ; far less would I do it now, when my old hate for her is returning with all its intensity. Had she avenged my— my mastar, I could have kissed her feet — ay, I could almost have worshipped her for the deed, and I would have been her faithful and devoted ser vant unto my life's end ; but now that Bho feels pity for— ay, and I verily be lieve begit s to love — his assassin, I could take her life almost as joyously as I could that of the marderer himself/ 4 Hush, Dcmetri/ said G-retch with one of his icy smiles. 'Draw not the cork entirely forth from tho bottle of your in dignation, or the soda water of your rage wi 1 fiz away, aud to-morrow you I will be fiat when you should be all effervescence. I warn you to say not a word that will arouse your mistress* suspicions of you, end here is a little powder that you shall stir well into her morning chocolate, and which will make her too indisposed to care to go out during tho day. Sho will therefore, have no chance of warning Count Ipanoff personally against keeping his appointment with her, and every let ter that she writes you carry to the post. It is for that last reason that you must not allow her to suspect you, and so em ploy another Mercury/ ' You may trust me. Bat, on your., honor, the powder is not poison P' ' Poison P Bidiculous 1 What should we gain bv poisoning her I I tell you that she snail be quite well enough by the evening to receive her — lover.' ' I will give it her/ rejoined Dcmetri, his cheeks flushing and eyes flashing at the sound of the last word. ' Is Ivan the Terrible all ready for her human freight P' 4 Quite, but her crew must not be on i board before the eleventh hour. The aspect of a steam pleasure launch , preparing for a night cruise down the i river at the season of widwinter would rouse tho suspicion of even the Paris j police.' I ' I am glad you are so prudent. Acd I now, suppose the Princess should grow so infatuated with this Ip&Qoff; as to return I to Russia, and plead his cause with the I Czar, or, worso still, with the Czarina, j whose heart is as soft as wax, and who, it I is said, liked this Count?' 1 'Trouble not yourself about that. The Princess holds certain heretical opinions, j for which I could clap her in prison be- j fore she had been in St. Petersburg half an-hcur. Once there I would disinter the I body of her first husband, and next—. Bat I have said enough. Go to bed boy, and remember well your to- morrow's manners.' CHAPTER XXX . 4 COULD HE rBOYE HIMSELF GUILTLESS I WOUXD GIVE VY LITE FOE BIS.1 The Princess Fedora had her first | breakfast, Paris fashion, in bed on the following morning, but a couple of sips at her chocolate sufficed, and she could not be persuaded to take more. So Gretch's attempt to drug her failed alto gether. Half -an-hour later she commenced her toilet, and when it was finished she was arrayed in a loose trailing robe of ultra marine blue velvet, trimmed with costly lace, a dress that contrasted most be witchingly with her porcelain clear com plexion and the glittering billows of yellow hair that streamed in unconfined luxuriance over her sloping shoulders and down her back. On her feet she wore boots of the same hued velvet as her dress, aud she bad not a single ornamont even on her fingers. She had ordered a fire to be lighted in her boudoir, that same pretty chamber which she had arranged should bMome ihe death-trap of the man who bad assassinated her beloved Vladimir. Had she relented of her stern resolve P The night before decidedly yes, but this morning the melting wax of her soft womanly nature seemed to have changed to iron again, for, though her cheeks were every /whit tw white as the ^hoar -frost that still covered the lawn ontside, her eyes spoke of stern deoision* and the firmness of her lips told the «ame 4ale. She walked over to the glass panelled, door, which was rather « Trench windowj I and gaaed down the winding garden path, up which ier victim.would in,a few more hours be advancing to his ;doom with the blythe, impatient step !of a lover keeping tu appointment with his mistress. Over tbe garden wall at the bottom she could just see the heads and shoulders of the people who wero perched atop of the tramcars .going to their day's Business, and between the intervals of their, passing there was re vealed to her the top of the cream colored funnel of 'Ivan the Terrible,' which told her it was high tide, for at other seasons it sank out of sight alto gether. ' Eleven o'clock/ she murmured to her* self, glancing at her little diamond bscked gold repeater. 'At the 'same hour to-nighfc it will be high tide again, and an hour later it will be rushing sea ward bearing itB doomed freight and my vengeance with it. Fool that X was to relent my fell purpose for even a single instant, and how thoroughly and de servedly I was shamed at discovering even in a servant a more laBting devotion and a greater fidelity than was contained even in my own heart. Fickle fool, too, that I was to more than half believe the tale that my Vladimir's cowardly assassin had trumped up to deceive me. But it i9 over — it is over, and he shall not im pose on me again.' . ? - She dug her nails in her palms and gnawed hor ripe red lips with her little pearly teeth, with almost as bitter hatred of herself as of him. Then her eyes positively blazed as they glanced along the garden path again ana then at the conservatory adjoining, where Gretch and a posse of Russian police (drawn from the half hundred or so who are always on secret service in Paris watching the movements of Poles and Nihilists} would be lying in ambush against .the appointed hour. 'At all events X have not gone too far to recover myself with honor,' went on the flow of the Prinoess* more than half uttered meditations. ' Henceforth I will think of nothing but the dying words of my beloved — of the legacy he left me in them, of the promise I made to his almost broken-hearted father, and of the superior fidelity and more constant love of an almost slave. Ay, that last know ledge will spur me to action quicker than all the rest. Dbmetri, Dumetzi, where are you DemetriP' At the third repitition of his name the page entered the room with downcast eyes. ' You need not fear to meet my glance, boy/ said Fedora in her usual impulsive manner. ' I have far more reason to shun thine— -more reason to bo ashamed to | meet it even. I am not angry with you | now. I am, on the contrary, more pleased with you than 1 can express. Take this purse of gold in token of my approval of your conduct.' But Dcmetri shook his head and would not accept the purse, saying — ' Bought service is not worth having, and X never yet rendered it to your High ness/ * What ! did you then serve your late master without a wage ?' ' Without a money one. X gave him my willing services in payment for the debt of gratitude, that I owed him, as I thought I had told your Highness be f -re.' ' True, true, so you did, but you don't serve me to pay off any such debt.' 4 Your Highness mistakes. I serve you to pay off the balance of the original debt still remaining due to my dead master. I shall not be deserving of a receipt in full until I have helped yoa to avenge him — as I mean to— ^ this night/ ' Brave boy, you shall help me. But though you will not accept gold from me, you will a little tribute of my esteem and —aud — affection in tho shape of a ling or some such trifle,' and rapidly crossing the room she unfastened a jewel case, and, selecting from amongst many other gems that gleamed therein a plain but Taluable diamond ring, she approached Demetri, holding it at arm's length for his accep tance. ne kqook nis neaa again. I ' Your Highness is very good and kind, land thopresent is more than I deserve. May I postpone its acceptance for the space of twelve or thirteen hours p' 4 Assuredly vou may ; and yet I would like to know why, you strange boy P' 4 Because it would increase its value a hundredfold if, whenever I looked upon it, I could remember that itwas given me before the close of the very nour in which my master's assassin was arrested and despatched to meet his doom.' ' Then you shall be given it at that hour/ said the Princess, emphatically as she placed the ring on her own flnger. ' See,' she added, * when next I take it off, the deed will have been done, and my mission in Paris accomplished. I shall return at once to Hussia, to bear witness against him. You will, of course, accom pany me, Demetri P' , ' Assuredly, your Highness, I shall be with you until the end,' answered the page. 4 Until Loris Ipanoff's execution, you mean/ retorted the Princess, with an involuntary shudder ,* and to change the subject she hastily added — 'And thenP' The last qnestion took the page by surprise, and caused him to answer con- ! fusedly — * X have thought of nothing beyond the accomplishment of my one ^-engrossing desire, your Highness P' 4 Well, well/ said the Princess, 'let the future solvo tho future. We have ample 1 in the present to occupy our whole atten tion. I mean to spend the day in looking over tho mute evidence of the crime that I have sworn to avenge. The envelope pertaining to the letter that tempted my Vladimir to his doom, the mock half finished warning that was written as a feint to get re-possession of the criminating epistle, the Hlver and ivory stocked revolver engraved with his arms and creBt and his brother SergiUB Ipanoff s initials which was found lying near my affianced husband's corpse. 1 have them, and all the other evidence of the foul deed, close to hand — ay, even to this very room, and I mean to gloat over them all day long, until my will becomes even stronger than iron, would you like to look upon them too P' ' It would be needless, your Highness, for my will is iron already, and nothing would harden it any further,' answered the page quietly ; and then he added in the same tone, 'Is it your Highnee s ' com ? mand that even your meals should be served in this chamber P' 'No, it would be a mere matter of form, and I hate form. X shall neither eat nor drink until the deed is done and my task is ended. Food now would choke me/ The page bowed and retired, leaving the beautiful but wretched woman alone, wretched because she was quite conscious that she loved the man wliom she was nevertheless resolved to destroy* and that though she botb hated und despised her self for entertaining that love, it grew stronger within her the more she straggled egaiiiSt it. 4 The deed will be all the more meri torious, the expiation all the greater/ she more than once tried to think. But then her self-communing would take another form. * Oh, if he could but prove him-, self guiltless of the crime, proveit to my own theu would X give soy life for his, and .glory iuthe deed. But' it is hopeless — homeless — utterly hope less, in the face of ul that damning evi- . dencV and the Rrinceis unconsciously frowned at the deeply criminatory ob jects which she bad eo ostentatiously laid out on the table to nerve her to her des- . perate -purpose. ( _ MeanwHilo Dcmetri sought the impa tient Gretch once more, and the Police Major seemed well pleased on the whole. . with what he was told. . ' ' And yet women are such weather cocks that she may veer about again be fore night/ said he. 'Anyhow* I shall1 plant a couple of men whom I can 'trust outside the street door in case she sud- ' denly melts and gives him a oue to esoape in that direction.' ' But even if they capture him the chanocs would be a hundred to one against their being able to get him aboard the launoh without a rescue on the way from there,' said the page. ' Then they must be let quietly in and posted inside front door, and our man must still be popped into the sacks and fcorne down through the garden, let her rave and shriek as she will. Further more sho must be kept a prisoner in her own hoase for twelve hours at least, lest she gives information to the French polioe, and the launch be caught before she is clear of the river. We cannot be too cautious, Dfemetri.' ' Were you to see her now you would think her relenting a sheer impossibility.' ' A plate once cracked you never know when it will break, and a woman who has , onoe faltered iu her purpose is always liable to thoroughly break down in it. You will see that my agentB are let into ! tho hall, Dcmctri, and as soon after he is closeted with her as possible. They will be dressed as commissionaires, so as not | to excite suspicion. X will await her signal with patience — ay, for an hour if need be, for the later the time at which we take him aboard the less chance of our being seen ; but, dead or alive, and in one way or another, X must and will have him.' \- ? ( To be continued,) 