■Httmlcl." Tire announcement that Shakespi tragedy44 Hamlet ’ would be staged l«xt evening dicw a largo «nd fashionable audience, includiugtiie Viee-Begal parly to (lie Thealre lloval. llu cb iutcrc: was evinced by the readers of Sbskspcai in the production, as M r Dauipicr had adopted a somewhat new rendering of the character, nud one that hod been received with xome favor in the other colonies. That it may not be the correct version lias little to do with the performane which was a masterly one, and it cc tuinly seemed more in accordance wit (he id*a of the great bard (hun that usually expressed—that Hamlet was altogether mad. In the earlier secoes Air J'am picr depicted with softness, yet strength, his grief at the death of his father and bis troubled niDil >A th e early m arriage of bis mother with liis uncle. In the ghost scene he too, was effective, bnt it is not until he assumes the vein of madness that M r Dampicr was seen at Ins best. He rose to tho occasion, as it were, and from that period till he falls bfelcsn from the wound given by Laertes, bis exposition of the character mas excellent, and kept the entire interest of the spectator. His Boliloouies wore delivered with due care, while his scene with his mother when he bids her Jool* in to herself left nothing to he desired. But perhaps the most noticeable of a very successful p'rformoucewa 3fr Pam pier’s actions in the Player: Scene, which, by the way, was well presented. In a few words, M r Dampicr Hamlet mast he described as a careful impersonation of tho character, and one to which 1ms hefcn devoted much thought and study. Next is importance Ophelia, and some curiosity w evinced % y those who bad seen M Hose Dampicr playing i” fcn*Btioaal drama as to her ability to take the part of that peculiarly hard character, The verdict was n o t long before it was given. Her first appearance or two was somewhat coldly received, b ut as the piece proceeded buc demonstrated that she was a capital actre«B, and th at her Ophelia would rank amongst the theatrical vi tones of the day. Miss Hose Dampi presented Ophelia as it has seemed to i ehc ought to he—she is an affectionate daughter, but yet levee Hamlet, and it with the sorrow of a girl who obey her father uncomplainingly that she turned the letters Hamlet had seat to her. I L r distress at the curt way in which her quondam lever rcecw d her was touching in the extreme. Thra when driven msd by the loss of Hamlet and the death of her father she displayed aD imbecility, almost approaching to childishness, but which enabled her to show the deep affection she had for Hamlet and PoioniuB. Hiss Dampicr' singing had the true note of mourning be is to be congratulated ou doubt that with just a little more study of the earlier part that her performance will take its pla^e among (jn J . Merton was a dignified Quo n Gertrude, b u t M r B. h . Vernon as the King appeared a t times to be overweighted with his royal dignity, albeit, he redeemed this defeat by his splendid acting in the Players’ Beene when conscience visibly affected his countenance, and ho could not face tho picture shown to him. M r Harford as Horatio, M r Holloway as the Ghost, aud M r Hcdc as the first gravedigger left little to bo desired. M r Kolfc care an excellent rr-prcscatation of the silly old Chamberlain, Laortas, and he certainly assisted materially to the success of tho whole. The remaining characters were all well filled. Calls before lhc curtain were frequent, aud tlio scenery came in Scr some amount of appreciation. The incidental and other music was given by lio orebestra under M r Kchoc, and amongst other items a violin solo Y Btow n, fl clarionct solo by >Y B a j° - . T o-nighl " T ho W o rld g & iist W m w- l be staged. 