e ?A c SUPERFLUOUS . HUSBAND. T'. TRANSLATED FROM THE FRENCH. s " How many suits for divorce have you on handn' ,.I asked one of.;my friends, an eminent lawyer, whose s numerous conquests made him an object of terror to all husbands. S:"I have but one," he replied "and a that is for-none of the causes you suppose, neither adultery or cruel treatment. If you wish to use the s case for a plot or a play, I'I1 make it I known to you:" S. :On what plea, then, is the demand t for divorce based !" I On the dread of seeing one from the other world.". ''I do-not uniderstand." " You. know -Madame A. de B- I" ;"Of course ;- but I thought her the mbst loving, the most beloved wife in the world ; also a devoted mother." " Exactly what I shall say in court." " As for her husband, he is a true gentleman, loyal, obliging, and of spotless reputation." S'" Again what I shall say." " And those people wish to sepa rate 1" Ny legal friend enjoyed for a few moments the perplexity he was causing me, and' then told me the strange story here transcribed : Madame A. de B- , who is not yet 32 years old, and scarcely appears 31, has her name on all the subscrip tions for charity, and is cited at all fashionable routs. Seeing the eager ness, and. :est which she displays for enjoyment, and the freshness and bloom of her beauty, one would hardly suppose she was compensating herself for sad days in the past. She has been married five years, or rather re married, for at twenty she was the wife of one of the bourse's most reckless speculators, who left her a widow by a death so tragic that it is yet remembered. One morning seven, years ago, we learned that Jacques de T- , the well-known club man and social favourite, had been found dead in his bed at his country property of G- . his face mutilated and brains scattered overhispillow. It wasatfirst thought he had. been assassinated; it was winter and the house isolated and unoccupied. M. de T - had come there to search for some account books he needed. Owner of a large manufactory in the neighbourhood, he often made such trips, leaving his wife for'a day at Paris. An old gardener, who lodges in a cottage a short dis tance off, waited upon him. As soon, however as the affairs of I the unfortunate man were investigated, it was no longer possible to doubt that he had committed suicide. He had, also, a banking hous3 near the Rue Lafitte, but he was totally ruined; the dot of his wife, even, had been absorbed. I Maledictions in plenty were not lack ing; some persons instituted suits, t which the poor wife easily set aside. She wept for him and regretted him with all her heart. He had been a loving and generous husband. She was the most earnest, most correct and most beautiful widow, in her artless weeds, that one could wish for. She I returned to her own family, and hav- I ing 'no children (they had been married such a short time!) seemed to resume the -life of her girlhood save her t unceasing grief. Complete misfortunes c have one advantage: they are a claim c to the privileges of martyrdom. People c pitied her; everyone said she would I never marry again. They forget that happiness most abruptly cut short is t often that which soonest buds anew. Monsieur A. de B- is as hand- I some as 1h: first husband, goes less I frequently to his club, and has an i assured fortune. He fell in love with a woman who had lost hers; how could she refuse him ? The second marriage gave happiness of another type, less turbulent, more homelike and com plete. First came a boy, thien a little I girl, and when Madame A. de B - made.her annual. visit to the decorous tomb she had erected to the memory of.unlucky T---, it was almost with a ;smile-of gratitude that she prayed for the dear departed. As she fer- i vently recommended himn to divine miercy, she was certain her prayers were .heard, for all the merits of I her first husband seemed aug mented by the charming qualities of tlhe second. One day MIadame A. de B-- received a letter which had been a long time reaching her. It was directed to IMadame de T--, and stamped with an American stamp. Thie handwriting of the address trou bled her, and when the envelope was torn open, the first lines made her quiver. Was it a sacrilege mystifica- 1 tion? or had-poor de T----, planned ] 'before killing himself, a deception like that which gave Rstif de la Bretonne the plot for a curious novel? Had he ordered that every seven years a letter 1 should be delivered to his wife, to prevent her grieving for him, and [persuade her that he still lived ? ! That was .M. A. de B--'s first I idea when his frightened little wife brought him the strange missive, dated 1 from New York; but, when his emotion was somewhat calmed, in weighing well its words and studying its probabilities, he was obliged to acknowledge that T-- was not dead; that the letter was indeed from him, and that it announced his return. But .the suicide the corpse the burial ? Alas ! the letter had a reply for everything. T--- related how, face to face with bankruptcy, he had wished at once to indemnify his honour and facilitate for himself :a way to reconquor his lost fortune. With the assistance of a grave-digger of the village of G----he got a corpse of his size and general appearance. The occasion had been waited for 'during several months ; the grave-digger liberally bribed. At night he placed' jhe body in his bed, and when he had 'dressed it in his linen, fired in its face two pistol-shots, which rendered it absolutely unrecognisable. Then, hav ing accomplished that suicide, in an empty house, he escaped, taking with him only the money necessary for his passage, and went to try his luck in America The miserable fellow seemed en' chanted with his expedient. He had the grace, however, to be somewhat sober, in his self-praises; but he ran on::endlessly in telling of the sorrows of separation, the anguish of that long `voyage, the torture he had imposed or himself in remaining dead for her, as he was for the rest of the world. He should never have the courage tc r persevere in his task of rehabilitation if she had written to him, if she had I recalled him! He had condemned himself to seven years of work, of I silence, of burial. With all the fat r nity of a martyr, he never seemed to I doubt that she had remained a widow unconsolable; therefore among the joys that he promised himself in the future, he gave the first place to the greatest, that of consoling her, at once, suddenly. " Do not die of joy ! " he wrote to the one who felt ready to die of. terror on the spot. In short, he was very rich, two or three times inore so than he had ever been, he was coming back to pay all his creditors. interest and principal, to clear his name, and, as now he would have no more cares and anxieties, he should have plenty of time to devote to loving his dear little wife. He gave fleeting glimpses, as into an unknown paradise, of the children, of whom he was certain. The wretch even made poetry on that subject, a millionaire's poetry : Babes iwould float through the hearen of their unalterable bliss like little angels, or little Cupids. That passage particularly armused the fury of M. A. de B--. As though they had needed that "dead alive" to call forth angels and loves! Corpse he might not be, but at least he should not return alive ! The second husband's plan was to meet number one part way on his way home and kill him, since he dared to come out of his legal tomb under pretext that he was not dead. The official records would justify that murder; nothing would have to be changed in the certificate of death; nothing effaced--lmt a man ! It would not be a duel, scarcely even a murder; merely a cause of legitimate self defence, the stamp that Hamlet gives on the ground to drive back the importunate ghost. The idea was a good one, and he must leave at once " No, no, not that I " cried ;Madame A. de B-, terrified. Was her first love, perchance resus citating with her first husband ? "You take his part?" demanded No. 2, trembling with jealousy and horror. "Ungrateful man ! Do you not owe to him our five years of happi ness?1,' "The scoundrel has taken them back from me! " " He has not the right." "Oar marriage is null; his is not." "Null, and our children 2 " "Ah ! our children, our children ! " They were there, the little hypothe tical cherubim of whom the wanderer spoke in his letter. They enclosed their father and mother in their caressing arms: they soothed the wrath of the menaced husband. The couple wept, kissed, and ended by going to consult my friend the lawyer. It was agreed that he should ask for a divorce for Madame A. de B-- from her first husband as soon as LM de T had been given to understand that it is dangerous for him to come to France. His escapade is complicated by a viola tion of. sepulture. The grave-digger is dead; but he, by his own avowel ordered and paid for the crime. They cannot reasonably ask him to kill himself, but they might, possibly, obtain from him a promise to continue to play dead in the depths of America; and, if his probity revives, let hi.n furnish the elements for an integral payment of his debts, without appear ing in the matter; but that is a romantic way out of the difficulty. Thanks to AM. Naquet, there is a more practical method. They will obtain a divorce, and then M. and Madame A. de B--, whose marriage may tern porarily be considered void, wvill be re-married. It appears- from last news, that 3L de T---- is resigned to that arrangement. He will not conme to France, and will let the divorce be pronounced against him. If he is c'ndemned for having placed a pauper's corpse in his bed and afterwards in a h-sidsome tomb, he will not protest: he will pay his French debts and become a neutralised American, and, as it is as easy to have in one's home little angels or little cupids in America as in France, he will not deny himself that happiness. Indeed, why? For hel permnlits them to perceive the true reason why he has had courage to keep silent for seven years, and not to write to his darling wife. It was because he would have had to dip his pen in the ink of an American widow. His pent up feelings find relief in that bit of spite. At the end of seven years of an honourable intimacy, and when the bonds were less tightly drawn he had, indeed, been able to push an arm through his yielding chains, and sent the letter announcing his resurrection. Since they force him thereto, however, he will prove he knows how to make the best of a losing game. Once free in France, he will atone for his •'falling out" with the widow by marrying her. In America, as here, that is the shortest way to rid one's self of a mistress. "Laying a Ghost."--At the little town of Tiggeltjie, in Holland, an old deserted house was for a long time believed to be haunted, as a flickering light was seen in it every night. The old folks reported that a schoolmaster had hanged himself in that very house, and that sutficed to spread alarm in the town. At last a gentleman in the neighbourhood offered a reward of 100 florins to any one who would go into the house and get the light. A bold peasant offered to earn the reward by climbing in at the window. In so doing he broke a pane of glass and the light disappeared there and then; it was nothing more or less than the reflection or a lamp over the door of an adjoining house. Ghosts are never mentioned now in Tiggeltje; but our brave countryman did not get his 100 florins, as he failed to secure the light. The lucky man woull be happy if he wasn't always afraid his lack would change. WYe are told that the coopers are to have paper printed in their interests. VWe suppose it will be a barrel organ. 