'How Shall we decide the Question ?' Now, which is the worse — to have no appe tito for your dinner, or to have no dinner for you appetite ? Tlioro aro lots of peoplo nn one side or the other of this question. When .' good dilu tion wnibs on appetito and health on both,' that is tho ideal attitude of a person towards his mefc's, But most of us aro not bloaaod in fr.hafc Wttv ? wh pihher h&va; too muoh food without an appetito, or a vigorous appetito without onough to sa'isfy it. Diffaront folk will answnr this quostion differently, ynt tho nommon sonao of it in that, within roasonable limits, it is bettor to have an appatitu without a dinnor, because, short of the starvation lino, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whuroan a man who ought to eat and doesn't feol liko eating, stands in need of ' alterations nnd ropair*.' To illustrato. We recently received a com munication in wnien me wruor says. ?? 1 was afraid to eat.' Did ho fancy his food wns poUonod, or did his naturo rebel ngainet th' nourishment lived on ? If the lattor, why ? Let him clear tho mystery himself. Ho says, ' In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway portor to uignalman. 1 Imd been signalman twolvo months, and then all nt onoe, so to apeak, I did not fool mynolf. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary nrtieoB of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appoared to bnvo nothing to Rn.y to them. Ono thing was like another, nnd none waa good My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down tho middle and yollow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appotite poor, with pains through the oliosfc and Bhouldors, wliioh were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gathor so it felt liko a ball in my throat, and aot as if it would choko ine.' Wo cannot wonder that under these oirouin stanaes our friond failed to do justieo to his meals. He adds that there was what ho oalln ' a prioking sensation ' at hU heart, as though it wora touohod with Bomo sharp instrument. Then, again, at timea he was attackod with spasms, tho agony of which was so Bovoro that the sweat rolled off him. ' 1 dreaded,' he says, ' tho thought of eating, and many a soiraty meal havo I made, for t was afraid to eat. '( l^drn fitna T crnf. inf.n n Inw wpulr. nflr« vons oondition, and felt miserable, as if somo thing was going to happen, and this oaused mo to lose a good deal of sloep.' What he mean* by the fear o£ ' something going to happen ' is, of oourap, the fear of somo calamity, such as tho loss of his position, his own death, or the doath of somebody dear to him. This was duo, as ho intimates, to the impoverished Btato of his blood 1 tho life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to tho brain onfeoblod by lack of nourishment. Tho night of Ihin form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, tho oreaturoB of a restless and nn governed imagination. 'With groat difficulty,' ho says, ' I stuck to my work, for I hud a wifo and family de ?nanrtinfr on mo. So I strnpcled on. but what 1 suffered for over two yours is past my powers of description. I am sure no ono has Buffered so much as I havo done.' In tho lattor statement ho in undoubtedly wrong. Ono'eown pain is ono's own, and is always h»rder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a oountloss miiltitudo who are all tho while goin? through the sumo wretched oxperionoo, only wo don't happen to 001110 in touuh with thom. Well, tho writer finally mentions that after all modiual treatment had loft him where it found him he chanced to road in a book of aoase exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigol'a Syrup. ' My wifo,' he Bays, 'got ihs a bottle at Mr. Lmgntaff's, inWood leeford, and after using its contents tho ailment idtt mo and hi-- ntni-i. returned binoo that t'ortunao diy. I should like tbo whole world to know what it did for me. I have boen employed by tho Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) ' George Hunt, ' Car Bottom Road, ' Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish this by Mr. Hunt's doruro, in order that part of tho world at least may know how thankful ho i* and for what reason. 3G 