SPIRIT UNTO SPIRIT." \vopyngn.u) ' ' . By'lNA I/EON OASSILIS. ! Author- of " Back from the Dead," "Full Fifty ' Miles Away," &c.; It had grown so dark in the little waiting-room that the travellers could hardly make out more than the dim outlines of each other's forms. Now and then a gleam from. tho wood lire would rovcal the handsome face of the Englishman bent ten derly over the golden head of the girl that lay on his preast; ana perhaps he would draw closer around her the fur mantle that had slipped a little, or. he thought it had; for it seemed as if ho could. not take too much enre of her, and cer tainly she looked very fragile, and was very lovely also, and clung to him, as if her whole lifo depended on him. Indeed, she would' not be parted from him, otherwise she might have had a couch to sleep nn. For when the 'train ran into a snowdrift just above this little village of Marlun, there was only accom modation for nine out of the twelve passengers, andhof course the men gave way to the women. There were three of the latter. This young lady might have slept on a couch at the inn ; bnt.she would not, she preferred to sit up all night in the "little waiting-room with'hor lover, and 'M. Crdmard, the jovial advocate, who made mcrty over tho accident, and Lieutenant Mascot, the naval officer. So another traveller had the coudh, and Mademoiselle, with the. golden hair, was, happier wrapped in the fur cloak and folded in her lover's anus. No doubt sometimes in the darkness he kissed her soft lips so near his own;', >Vhy not? "Still snowing, snowing 1" said the advocate, stooping to put a fresh log on the fire; " aud I ow tho wind monns round this place I I' would it were.any night in the year but Christmas Eve!" "It is not the night ono would choose," said the Englishman, Gerald Vcrcker, " but tho snow king takes no acoount of fasts or festivals." These three had. travelled in the same carriage and, had, made friends on the journey, and now thatji'they , were, in a- manner, imprisoned together, tlicy felt as if they had known each other for months. "It's a night for ghosts to be abroad." said the lieutenant, " if there were such things. ".Yon don't beliovo in them ? " asked Verckep, quietly. . . . , jPttrWwi/— who does?— in these days." " A good many people, interposed M. Crimed. " Bnt' the mischief is, one never hears a credible story. You read them by tho hundred ; but did you over meet a man you could' rely on who had , erersoenaghoBt!" " I have/' said Vcrcker ; " at least, I could not call it a 'ghost,'— (of course the word Vcrcker, who was speaking French, used was rcncnaiif)— but -It was' an -appearance that could not be accounted for by any process of reasoning." , . : " You stir my- curiosity," said M. Cremafdj bending forwdril; . Do you speak of an. •appear ance' thntcame within your own experience ? " For a moment YeriAc'r - hesitated ; his hand closed more tightly over the hand of the girl ; lie bent« his head to hear her whisper, "Tell them, Gerahi." / . ' 44 In' a manner) yea!" he answered. "I will tell you the story, if you wish, as it came to me, and if you do not believe my witness, for I niu, after all, a stranger to you, you may. allow 'that there is some ground-work of possibility in the, story to shew that such things might occur." Monsieur," said the advocate, "I am no rationalist. ?It is not so much possibilities that I question, but the evidence we are, in most cases, asked' to accept. . I am more than curious, I am deeply interested to lienr your story.nnil.so, I am sure, is our friend here. .The most scop.ticol love the supernatural." Indeed M.- Mascot had already glanced twice over jiis shoulder. He laughed a little now, g«dd- naturcdly, and owned that ho liked a "ghost story," though he did not bolievo in Mia. let revenants." " Two years'ago," Vereker said, his eyes fixed ' dreamily on the dull wood embers,- " the man of wliofii I spoke, Graliamc, was travelling through' France on a walking tour. lie was young and wcllbfT, and strong in health and nerve ; not at all the sort of man to be the' prey of fancies or hallucinations. All the currents of his inner' life ran strong and deep, but there was no morbid ness." . " At Mar-le-bois/a small town in Auvergno— you may-chance to know it, messieurs— Grahame met at the hotel a French family, who were alio travelling for pleasure, and making a short stay in the town to explore tlie country ronnrinboufc) There ,Vere a father 'and mother and 'two duujjhfrs— tho eldest Louise, tho youngest Milrtilie." Mdlanie was very beautiful, and bad the 'even greater attraction of charm. For GinlMine it was very much like love at first sight. He had the good hick to render the travellers some 'service in one of their excursions, and thus ''strengthened nn acquaintance -begun in the 'ordinary way at the table iVUGtc. Ho ' was ask'ed to their salon, joined them in their walks, and found them very agreeable people. That tliere was any danger tor him, or for M6)apia' in this friendship did not seem to occur to thetn, until! a chance revealed the truth, and' then'M. le pfcre and Mine, la mfcrc took Grnhnmo to thsk, "gravely, but not unkindly. Mfilanie, they 'said, had been from childhood pledged to her cousin. She was, therefore, not free ; they must beg M; Grahame to withdraw himself, and not seek to alienate the affections of Mademoiselle But, Gralianie,' with his English notions, did not quite acquiesce in this modo of disposing of a woman ; lie bad reason to think, too, tlint-Mdlle. Mcburie cared1 A'good deal more for him than for Si. Viclqr.'-'and hc was far too much in love to yield tho mint.'' In'factj he had staked his whole lifo ontlfis pasaion for'M61anie ; there are men who love In sdeh mariner. So he answered that he could not yield -up -'Milanic,' unless it. were by her . own unfettered wish. Mademoiselle, he' was n would not bo allowed to sec him; hut ame was not so easily VafiTeiK He contrived to see Mdlamctalone, and she. confessed; that her heart belonged to her English lover, aria that .she would not marry Victor, her tonsin. Love in her was qtronger, than. custom and training ; for love's sake she wouhj be brave and true. ... , " Once more Grahams sought her parents, told them bow matters stood, ancTasked Uieir consent to his marriage with Mdlanie. He refused, point blank. to give her up. Thon/ seeing, his deter mination, and fearing, perhaps, some desperate move on. his part— cor Anglais t< you never feel' surewh&Mhey; .will do began to temporise. M61anie,.tkey said, wos too young to marry ; she Wftcfar. frpm ptrong— this last was true— and thoy could not consent to any formal engagement at present.; Gralianie must consent to at least a years. separation from Mulanio; if at the end of thatipie she still loved him, her happiness should outweigh her parent' dearest wishes. Love that could, not, stand this ,test had no .wear in it. " This >was fair enough, and. Grahame could not wellihelpiassenting to it ; for in this country one can't so easily run off with a young lady. Her marriage .would not be. legal 'without -her guar--, diau's consent: He might see Mdlle. 'Melanie once morC alone; perhaps the good-people knew that he w.ould manage to do this anyhow. . ; . "Milanie clung to her lover's heart in bitter griefpbut nothing, she said, should shako Iter faithin him. Happen what might she would bo true-to'-him.' Titoy : must not .correspond, and this would make the year of probation very hard . to bear; worse even for Grnhanie than for Mdlanie, for he well knew that her trienda would do their best to lolluence the girl their own way,' and she was very young to be brought under such pressure, with no one present to help her. Would she be able to stand alone ! > "'t shall -always be with you,' she said, as her- lover held her to his heart. 4 Whatever you may hear believe nothing— nothing, but that I aiu true to you. ' And so they ported. " Grahame) having little heart for further travel, returned to England and tried to occupy himself in tome literary work upon which he was engaged, but he got od very slowly. An absorb- lug passion unfits' tho mind fur work, and Grahame was not obliged tc labour, lie had amplo means to live without it. " His. mother wan disappointed when she heard his story. ' She had set her heart on his marrying a young relative 'of her own— a girl for whom Grahame had some affection, but- would never bave'eared for as a lover. He wan sorry to grieve his mother, .whom he loved dsvouLly, hut the dio was cast. For him there was only MAIanic. Go .six months passed, and then 'letter came to Grahame. it was dated from a village in Bretogho/and was from Mclaiilt'n mother. The Kill bid died two days before the duo oi the letter. Site had been failing for- sqmq time (Grahame knew slid Mas not strong), but nothing .serious was anticioatod, ami she was brought to -'this plaeo for her healthy Here she ono day went out with her sister Louise. They missed their way, and wero overtaken by darkness; Being frightened, thoy hurried home, and Mdlatrio, when she camo in, fainted dead away, and she died the same night without over recovering con- ' sciousness. ' " Grahame was at first simply stunned by this terrible news. He had no reason to doubt its truth, and yet he could not believo it, and ho clung desperately to tho wild hope of there being some deception. In any case he must, of course see M6lame's parents, hear all that tliero was to hear, aud see her grave. lie crossed at once and travelled, without resting -for an hour, down to the village. The parents and sister Louise were still there. Thoy were dressed in deep mourning, and wero overwhelmed with eriefj but they received Grahame kindly and did not hide from him the fact that Melanie had never swerved in her allegiance to him. Mndnmo gave him many details about the last days of her life, and bestowed upon him a crucifix she used to wear. She was, of course, buried. Louise, weeping bitterly, took him to her newly made grave, and left him there alone with his dead. The sexton happened to pass while lie stood by the grave, and Grahame asked the man if ho knew who was buried there. Surely, ho replied, it was a young girl, Mdlle. Mdlanie , ho could not remember the sur name. That was not strange. Mclnnie's sur name was not one to dwell readily in the memory - of an illiterate peasant. "As for Grahame. he left his own life in that grave. Do you smile, Monsieurs ? I think not, though I cannot see your faces. Frenchmen would understand such a love na" iris. For months he wandered from place to place, restless, heart broken ; bat all places were alike. At length lie returned to England. " By and by his mother urged him to try and rouse . himself— not to fmcct the past, but to make a peaceful if not a happy future. At first | he shrank in horror from the prospect indicated, . . for his mother hoped still to see the fulfilment of her wish. Then came tho thought that ho was. : perhaps selfish. If his life was value less to him, why not at least devote it to one who had never spared herself for his sake? " 'Give me time mother,' he said to her one ' night before they separated, ' I will try to please you if I cau ; hut I must have time to think.' " They had been sitting by the fire — it was' late November— and on a small table in the centre of the room stood a shaded- lamp. Grahame, after opening the door for his mother to pass out, closed it again, and, returning to the hearth,- sat down, striving to bring his mind to the point of sealing his fate. What mattered it what became of him now ? His cousin, his mother told hiuvwAs fond of him ; well; if she wero satisfied with kindness and duty— he could give her, no t \- more-rwhy not end the struggle, and make his mother happy? ' " He was-so seated that the Inmp was visible to him, though ho was not.looking at it He raised h.s head suddenly, with a violent start He was conscious of -something having Hashed between, him and the lamp, obscuring the light for a seccnjl, justiis would have happened. ifa person had passed him ; at the same instant there wash faint ' rustic, like the frou-frou ofr a woman's garmont "Tlut, though he trembled and grew white, his thought should leap at once to Mdlanie was .'only natiral. When was ahe over'absent from his Jicnrtt ( But after a minute or two he rallied a bit, and pulled himself together; though. a not unimaginative man, as I told you; he was not superstitious. His nerves, he told himself, wore' not what they used to he ; he was in an excited state to- night; it was easy to fancy anything;, . 'and won clearly no one in the room but himself; " Was there not ? Even as ho assured himself that he v'M alone,, he had an impression, amount ing to conviction, that ho was alone no longer. And yet it was .not fear, that he felt, but a tremulous awe, a wonderful sense of being in the nresmco of his lost love, Melanie. Note, that . ho wus. not dreaming, or in any state of uncon sciousness. He had a curiously distinct know. ledge of the commonplace surroundings of every day 'life— the table, the lamp, the open book . lying on a chair near; in the background the' bookcase and a cabinet with an old-fashioned jug standing on it. And into this room some thing or someone -had come, and was with him now. " He did not say her name aloud, but he spoke . It in his heart — -to her, as to a'living being, and his hand stole to her crucifix that lie always wore. . on his breast. Oh I if he could sec her— only see. t her I . , , , . . ;. "Why could. he not see her when ho knew where she stood— yondqr, in the shadows— stand- ing quite still, with sweet, wistful eyes seeking' Iiis, and clasped hands outstretched towards him, , For what .should she, plead, to him? , Was it not for hfm to ask her sinless prayers ? What covM he do for her now ? W ould not'she, freed from, the storm niul stress of earthly passion, know that he ? did. well to make his life a sacrifice, since sacrifice was all that he could ofier ? " By and by the sense of this unseen presence passed away. Grahamo.was alone again ; but be was shaken, bewildered. His thoughts refused to . dwell on anything but Mdlanie ; it was as if the- months lmd been rolled, book, and he stood again by her neyly-roado grave. " With daylight, and tho recurrence of daily routine, some of this oxalted feeling passed away ; but tho man's whole being was shaken, aud no remained in a strangely excited state. Tiireo days went by. Grahame .had said nothing to bis mother of nis' experience that night; but on" the fourth , day he made a storn eflort to recover his balance, to persuade himself that he had been only dreaming, or under the influence ofmoibid feeling ; he must brace himself for the battle that was still before him. In this frame oi mind he went out that afternoon into the park ; the fresh air and movement would blow away some of the cobwebs from his brain. The dusk was falling, and Kensington4 Gardens, in which he pre sently found himself, were almost deserted. " Walking among, the leafless trees he might have been fifty miles from London, but for the con tinuous roar of the streets which reaohed him, . "He went on slowly, his eyes bent on the ground, but a faint rustle, like the sound of a- wonian s drees lightly sweeping the dead leaves as its wearer walked, made him raise his eyes to tho direction whence the sound catoe, whicn was a few feet totlie right, buton a lino with him. He .was singularly startled toscea femaleform clothed entirely in white, with a hood or wimple drawn over the head, a long white veil flowing behind. It was now too dark to mako Cat any details/ but Grahame's impression was that the garments wero such as are worn by novices in a convent. Instantaneously he stopped, with an unaccount- . able senso of recognition, with a feeling that- what he beheld was no living woman ; how, in- , deed, should a novice, thus apparelled, be abroad, ( and at such an hour ? As he stopped) tho figure paused also, turned, and with outstretched ; ..imploring hands camo close to him. It was ' Melalne ! her dark eyes full of a passionate , entreaty, her lips parted as if to speak. But her- dress, he could see clearly now, was that of a novice. So close she came to him, so lifelike did 'alio appear, that, . forgetting everything, he t' actually believed lie saw Ills lost love in tho Heah, and with a broken cry of joy he stretched out his arms to enfold her. But even as that cry left his lips, the spirit or vision was gono, and Grahame fell senseless among tho wintry leaves. M He was found by some passers-by, and taken home in a semi-conscious state ; but there he soon recovered ; and now there came to him a. now idea, at once terrible and alluring. That ho. had seen Melanie this evening there could be no doubt The circumstances forbade all hypothesis of dreaming. A man cannot sleep . walking upright in the open air ; virion or spirit —what matter? Was it vision of the dead, or of the living? Tlrat Mdlanio should appear to him, whether in vision vouchsafed or protected from his inner consciousness, or in the spirit, dressed as he had known her, or in the dread cerements of tho grave, ho could understand ; but whence the garb of tho rcligicusc f No thought in. his nund or in her's had ever connected her with the monastic life ; her parents intended her for the hride'- of her cousin .Victoi, not the bride of Heaven. Yet she canio to her. lover in the.robes .01 a novice, with pleading hands and eyes, and lipf that strove to utter the words of impassioned appeal.' ' ' . " My God!.' Gralinmo crieil aloud. 1 Have I hcen most miserably deceived ! Is all this slimy ol her death a lie! . is my davjliig living—walled op In a cruel prison until shcv shall yiib.l to the tyrants who keen hut there ! 'Ami ' \ spirit come to me Iter lover, to save lie Vting itoriU to him rang back oal)' Shiifl -4 _ \ xiways bo witn'you., Whatever yon may hear,- tvdicvo nothing, nothing but that I am truo to. you. ' " But tho parents had notBaiUMdlahiowas false, to him; thoy had lulled his perceptibiia to sleep by telling him she was still faithful. Thoy told him she was dead— shewed him hor grave. Yes \ but no stono recorded her name, sho was only a few hours buried. The old sexton could only, renumber iho Christian name of the dead girl, and- M61niiio is no such uncommon nnmo in France. In the light of the new conviction that filled his mind, everything that at the time had appeared natural now : seemed suspicious. How was it he had been blinded ? Though in truth the fraud, if fraud there was, had been very cleverly worked out. . ' 'f To his mother Grahame said nothing but that be must leave England at once. She hau no belief at all in the supernatural, and the relation of his strange experiences would have appeared to her evidence of mental derangement. He went straight to the villngo in which M6huuc lmd died ; it was easy for him to find the grave, for he had taken special note of its position. It was still without a headstone— a thing strange in itself, for persons in tho position of Mdlame's parents would have certainly erected a memorial long ago. He sought the curi, and asked to see the register of the lmrialB on such a date.' There was only : one, Mdlanio Anne Ccrcneillibre, fifteen years old, a peasant. girl, who had died of rapid decline/ " The story, then, of Milnnie's death teas a lie, and sho was living. ,'J ' 1 " In the first blinding rush of joy at this con viction Grahame had nearly betrayed himself to tho curi; but he icincmbercd. himself in time,, and, mastering Iris emotion, presently inquired,' with n not too eager interest, altera family named so and so, who were at one time staying, there. The eldest was very baudsome— the younger— was ahe not destined for the convent? Tlie curt did not know ; lie had heard so ; ' ho fancied Mdlle. took the veil at Notre Dame dc Bon' Sccours, at Yl&tre;, about ten leagues from here;' ri jo' YlAtre Grahame went ;,bnt hot.in his own ; persdn. Tip had already provided , himself l(with | tho disguise of a' friar, and in this drcss'he took; his way .to Y'lfttre. lie was a master of thb Frenob language, though not of the Breton dialect, but he ' was I an old irionl:' from near Ango.ulCnie., Ivda easy enough to deceive these simple, people. 'At the outer gate of the Convent of tho;Bon< Seciurs he knocked one bitter evening— it, .was within a week of Christmas— nhd ho' was faint for wniit of food. Thc.kind and. pious portress took, him into her large room ; an old. man, and a holy, plrc. who shoulufcar to give himentrance? " By and-by, when the old man was some what ; revived, he entered ' into conversation, with ' the saur converse, who, like most of her kind, was a rare gos&ip.; It was . not difficult to worm oat of her all the news of tlie convent j in-; eluding that of pretty Sceur Agnbs,tlie new novice, , who was stubborn, and not at all pious; and in: truth, on dit, said the portress, 'that her parents placed her here because she would not marry her cousin, M. Victor ; aud in truth, that. was foolish, for which worldly sentiment tlie holy friar duly rebuked the portress. ' Melanie was here, faithful to her English lover! How to reach her? If secret means -failed, he must try.opcn ones; but secret means were the safeBt. The chapel of .the convent was in .the garden, some three hundred yards from the conveut itself ; and skilful cross-questioning ol- the.portrcss, and observations taken at night, ap prised Grahame of Lite wing in which the cells ol. the novices were placed. . . - - . - . "That.night— it was dry and frosty— he scaled the convent wall, and for more thAn two hours was busy piling up fAggots and broken branches of ; trees behind the chapel, close to the trees and 'shrubs that grew there. " Within one hour, a bright'blare shot up high above "the convent walls and the roof of the chapel, and & peasant was' ringing the great bell and calling out, ' Fire! Fire!' ' ;« . " In two minutes the convent was like a dis-1 turbed ant-hill ; the nunB, some half dressed, some wholly/ dressed, ' were - rushing ' out to their beloved chapel ; peasants from the village were tearing up to assist in extinguishing the flames; No one noticed the old monlc, who wore a layman's dress under his frock. A moment's scrutiny shewed him that the figure he sought was not among the nuns. ' He sped towards the convent; as he did so, a girl's figure, in dark garb, shot past him towards the great gates; It was M61anie t Not spirit nor vision, but Melanie herself! 'She was profiting by tne confuBiou' to ' make her escape 1 He - was wise enough to master, the 1 mao impulse to speak' to her then. .He followed her; the night was dark ; she gained the open road and flea on, he follow 'ing. <As he followed ho flung away his disguise ; and when he judged it safe, with a few strides he gained her side. She turned, ' would ' have cried -out in terror,but-his arm was round her/his1 hand on her mouth; 1 Mllanie !' he said, .'Mdlanie, it is I, Grahame, your lover!'" ' The narrator paused— his voice trembled.' "Messieurs," he said, after a moment's silence/ " it is hard to speak of that meeting. Can yon hot divine what it was to him to hold his love to his hArt, living, breathing, warm with passionate life,- whom he had wept for as among the dead? And she— brave girl !— she did not faint. Dizzy with joy, she yet remembered the peril, and bore up. But her first articulate words toherlover were these— Ah 1 you have come, you' have come 1 I came to you ; dtd you not see me that day among the trees V- , '-'She explained afterwards that eho:had on two occasions— tho dates and, hours of which -tallied exactly with Grahame's experiences— lmd' impres sions of being with her lover, imploring him to como to her, for she was not dead, hut living. Sho folt that he was passing oat of her lifo that was her expression. She did not know what falsehood her parents had told her lover. On the first occasion sue could only see' that Grabame was in a room ; she saw him as a dim outline ; she . felt that he was conscious 'of her, presence, but knew that he could not see her. In the second in stanco all was distinct. She described theplace,the wintry trees, the path winding among them. She saw her lover walking with bended head. .When he stopped, she turned to him, 'she tried to speak. but could not. He sought .to embrace her, ana then the whole scene was gone; but there rev mained with hor a ' strange conviction' that hd would come'to her, and save her. - 1 "'On/neither of these occasions was Mdlanie asleep. - Tlie first time she .was lying in her cot, . brodd awake, unable to sleep. She seemed /to haye, as it were, two personalities., She was con scious of lying , on ' her cot, of her surroundings V yej> she— some part of herself— was- away in Eng. land,, in the firelit room with' Grahame. On thq second occasion she was kneeling in . the chapel at vespers. All the time that her spirit was absent she kuow what was going on in the chapel'; she heard the nunB chanting ; she heard .the nqvice beside her muftcring her ' Ave Maria,, grdtifi plenfi' and ' Paternoster, ' as ...she tola' her beads ; yet she was awav among the trees, in the dark, by her' lover's siae.psbe heard even tho soft rustle, of. her .garments .among, the dead leaves. ( 7 "All this. is very, strange, .Messlc'uxp. I toil. It as it was told me. . l have only sup pressed some names .because— voyei vow— Mes-, sidurs, Grahame and his bride are not t yet beyond capture, and in this country,- as I said, thbre is . danger in such & proceeding. .Perhaps you do not bdieyo these things took place ; but if you do, how do you explain them ?".,., There was a short silence. The fire hod. sunk almost to blackness. So. intense had been- the interest of. narrator and listeners in the singular narrative, that none of the three had thought of putting on' more fuel. M. Crdmard spoke. first In a kind of hushed voice. . , ... " Monsieur,", he tald, "I must thank you. for myself very, very much. I do not douot that what you have related is. true In every particular. -I say frankly that it is most wonderful.. 1 do not know, that it needs explanation ; in reason there is none. I think even M.' Mascot's scepticism must bo shaken I " " Par&fcu.; yca," said the naval officer, stoops ing to replenish the fire, " and by Heaven, this—' this—; friend of yours. M, Vereker, deserves Iris bride. I liopo they will have a ' happy Christmas,' eh! M. Crenmrd?": "Many, many of them I" said- the advocate, a littlo huskily. 41 Monsieur" — to Vereker, with a roguish smile, which a glow from the fire dis played 'to full advantage — "I trust wc'iimy to-morrow, all diink the health of M. Gerald Vereker and hia bride Mdlle. Mdjanic." Mdlan'Io hid her face, half laughing, ' biit' trembling/too, on her lover's breast. He stretched ; out his hand to bo graspert'1 cordially in turn 'by ! the two Frenchmen. ' " ' 'Messieurs," he' said,' " you are men of honour I know that my. story Is safe with you. To morrow all the wdrld' iiiay know. It, 1 ' We shall w lo England— beyond' oil aanaer»M 7 - ' 1 J -I Last Ohristma M. CrAmard, was roasttng , ehcstnutb over tho firo for Gerald Yerekorl I littlo son, and M. Mascot was gallantly porform 1 ing a liko offico for lovely Mdlanio Vereker ; but when somo of tho young peoplo clustered about the Yulo log called upon tho naval offioer for a, i " yarn " ho shook his head. 41 Ask M. Vereker,' 1 said ho, "ho has a stranger tnlo than T cnnld.toU 1 you, .And. his is true," lie added, thoughtfully. 1 44 Oh I Captain Mascot," said littlo Gerald, cliniliing on tho seaiuau's Unco, " do you believe iu ghosts?" "I behove, my boy," said he, laying his hind on tho child's sunny lucks, " that the spirit may span time and distance, and those who aro.dlvidi'd iu bodily prescnco may yet see each other faco-to t face. But I am speaking my owu thouglits." lie ' smiled': "youcuiinot understand; how should you ? 'When you are older ask father to tell you nis" yarn.'" ', And as tho boy tnrnod eagerly to hla father. Gerald drew his little son within his arm, and ' . his free hand stole into Iris wife's. Is thore not a '. special un'on of soul between those who have together lifted the veil that shrouds tho unseen and known as a vivid truth tho mystory oi.the ' supernatural T ' A &rr; noavAriinco establishment in Buffnlo recently received from a western customer a oirculsr note nn- ' notincing the death of the-head of the firm. It wai< given to the clerk with instructions to write a letter of condolence in reply, and thisiswhnt he supplied: " We are greatly pained to lenrn of tho loss sustained by yonr flrm< and extend to you our heartiest sym pathy Wo nolico that tho oircular you sent us nn- noitheihg thii death of Mr. 's death is litho graphed by Chicago parties. Wo regret that you did mot sco it in your way to let us figure on this job.1 Tbtfnext timo there isa bbroavomcnt in your housed wo shall bo glad to quote you on lithographed cir culars, and are confident that we can give you bettor work at less cost than anybody else in tho business. Trksting wo may soon have nn opportunity of quoting, your prices, wo remain, with profound sympathy, A iujui tailing from . Wisconsin eloped- with his employer's wife, and loft tho following noto for the bereaved husband I have tookod your woman ; but you ar welcum to my last week's wages, which; I didn't draw ; and I hoap that squares tuings." m Gnouxn por Anxibtv.-sJhcIcs : ' What's the > matter. Fagley?" Fagley: "I'm a little troubled over what Lirkins said when I'lont him 50 dollars." Jacks : " WeUt what was it ?" Fngloy : " He said ho conld novcr repay'me." A Ox tub Sixth Avbxub Eixvatbd. — " It is very cold on this platform," said Cholly Groonle'af, ns .he- stood waiting for a Harlem train to arrive at. t he Grnnd- strcot .Station, "It may be," returned tho ticket-chopper, guardedly, " but the next station is Bleecker." "> ! Kxocked a Waqqox SraecnLBSS.— First Darky: Whur did yo'getdat blind?" 6econd Darky: "It fell off a winder down street and knocked a wagon speechless." First Darky (in surprise) : "Speech less?" Second Darky: " Yah. nigger j broko do tongue!" . ' . . ' . z " Papa, " said Johnny 44 didn% George Washington ever tell a lie?" ' 44 Never, my son." " Then how did he get his clinch on politics ?" \- < A mar will walk a dosen blocks To take a man a dun, - Then walk sixteen before ho stops . . \- To.get bway from one. 1 A WBALTirr- man was asked not long ago to snb- . scribe to a .worthy charity. /'I should like to con tribute," said he, ;"but'T have 800,000 dols. In the bank not 'earning a cent, and I really can't afford' it." A Joke os tub v Mwd-Rbadbe.— Cholly Slim lcigli : " I don't belieye'lo mind-weadebs, yon know." Miss Alert: "I supposed /they could do anytlring." Slimleigh: "They're all fwaudsj oil fwauds.- ' We had one at tho club lost.nigbt,.ye know, and ho twiedto.': ' Wead my mind. . -Made a failure of it— total failure. \- Had to giro it up." Miss Alert: ''Bon't you think tho joko -was cruel ?" Slimleigh: "There wasn't any Joko about it, I assuah you. Ho twiod and twiedt and couldn't mako anything out of it. But' we' twoated him well— gave him nil the cigawcttes he' 'would smoke and told him we didn't doubt his ability to ' wead ohdinawy minds, you know, to make' him' fcel'.comfortablo." Miss Alert: "Poor fellow!" . Knew Where :Hb Was.— He didn't seom familiar with tho.placa, and without taking ihto considernlion; the symptoms of spirits about him; ho was oridratly a strangerto' lhe district of Columbia. Tho're were several youngjnen who were in looking forwhatthcy cnlledfun. They 'directed one remark after anothitf at the Victim of conviviality, and finally oho of thom 'rid: 'Til' bet a doUar ne doesn't know what state ' he's in." " Sb will I," echoed another " here it is, I'll put it up." And ho. hold a. coin hetween hia 1 flneors// " I toke (hio) the bet," was tho response; " Gen'men, Tm (hie) in the state of intossicatton, on I know it Gimm'e'sher dollar." And It had 'to be ) given up to ovoid; trouble; for the winner of the' bet stdbk 'to his rights. ' " Mb. Tiioursox's Retorx.— She's ; a good-looking,: keoneyed girl of 18, and I shouldn't wonder if she s < a stenographer in some business bouse:in Now York. I've sCen bcr come over on thePavonio ferry - and ' take. a suburban train on tho Erie-road soveral timos/ , and I always admired, the independent and ;self reliant way in which she carries horsolf. Sho isn't' bold' or' brazen, but sails- right along' as. if- iebS ' had corthln rights and was bound to maintain . them, . .One day last week as sbe loft the boat a middle- agod ; man of ploasant! - features, who ' bad' followed hor over, crowded her with his elbow, and turned' -and 'smiled and began an; apology. Slie caught on like a flash. He had ".poked " her to ere&to; an opportunity, and. if. not downed then and .there be would pester her again. A dozen of us saw: and heard what happened.,; She turned on him-, ex tended her hand for a shake, and artlessly exclaimed: Why, Mr. Thompson, is that you ? Why, the last ; I heard of you you had run away to Boston with a eervahUgirl, and your wife didn't care a cent ! - You must have got back 1" Ho had. He had gotibock so much' that his faoe fired up, the words ho; .wanted; to : utter stuck in his.throat, and he oiado a mysterious disappearance about fiveseconds lator,. T Knows hpr,, bis,' '/.observed .'a mnni.who. was walking behind the. 1 girl.. .V You btl" replied his friend, ."She'll moke- somebody a staving good wife." Jusr What. Sue Looked Like. — Sheww uphinip woman, and it would not have been a violent sLrctch- . in; of tho truth to call her o corpulent- ono. . With- the fatuity which sometimes seizes. upon her sex in the, way of. deciding- to wear the, most conspicuous, tuffs, shehid selected as the material of liergqwn , a' brocade such as of ol<j w&s; used by the upholsterer ' 8hoi..w0S;«ov€|fedrwitb figures so ; large that, bad , Re been smaller, not so as a. single one, could, havs.heen crowded; upon bar; yet wuicb sho dis-. plqyed as, fully as a conscientious sign-board coul- ( havqdoio.Theraweretho»e ln the company, who wero . not restrained by the loftiness of. her social position from remarking upon her striking appearance, and i as Sho sailed across the room one of tbcsO pej-sops '' saip to hor, neighbour : "Do look at Mrs. Bowscrsox; isn't'" she astonishing to-night?" "Yes," was the redly." 41 Bhe looks exactly like an escaped sofa " 1 Tmr Baiider was Rbadt.— A velcran told this as? \ happuiing' it Savannah during, the. war: A young j Copfedkrate officer, who was pretto much of a bully, stepped fh at a toniorial abloom Drawing his sword; ho ordered the barber to shave hiro, at the samo-time wnrniDRhim.that.if.be out his face ordrow a drop of blopfimewuld ,kill him when he got.up. The opera; Tion .WM -peTformedwithout acoideot. Before he : j wenCputr.noweverr'the; bully asked the artist if ho . j ;tva8 not very mncb frightened while lib was doing t lie i'!work. Tho barber'smiled. 7 " Not in tho slightest," , /he>eplied; ".'for if I 'hio'd .accidentally drawn a drop : ' ' of blood'l kvonldbave cutyour throat from oar to ear f befbre-yoit .could liaVe moved." r ' j A pihi/Aiir.LriiiA boy was asked if ho over prayed f 1 ' 'in church; and answered, " Oh) I always say a prayer, ; -, like all the' rest do< just before" the sermon becins." T" Indeed J'j' responded, tlioarinnishod querist.' 44 What 'do yoq'say ?" ' " Now I lay me down' to sleop." A oehtlemaw stepped 'Into a store whore nono but mourning-' goods, wfire sold, - and .inquired for slate-coloured' gloves. The polito clerk inforiued '. him that only black goods, were sold in that room; for slato-colonred gloves ho must step- into the 1 . " mitigated affliction department ! " ! Up iu Art— The Now York correspondent of l!io Boston Advertiser tells of n precocious infos, who thought sho knew enough about " art" to make hor criticisms worthy of somo nttention,f The other duy. a lady showed this independent young'-thinkcr a picture hanging; nn the wall of her drawing-room,' and in a most elaborately decorated frame'. " Don't v.yod think that n pret ty picture ?" sho asked. 4 1 like ' the frame very much; was Iho reply. 'But. iuy ;.|denr, that Is a mastcipieco of Guido." 'Guid«>?' .( asked tho young critic, " wasn't ho the nun litat riiot ' I 'tliii l'reridcnt ? ' ' , An Arkansas girl rofused to mnrry her lover un- '- less lie performed so;nchorolc deed. . Ho eloped wi'h hcAinothcr. ' . Imtrj. keepers complain this year of the peoplo , . who Vaster with a great spread and tiiongo off' to a' . i cho«||'bnnrding-house. \- WiMisliko to intimate that it ispnssiblo for an cdUorvo lie; but the statement in a'Toxas paper that' ,;.a catr#h that weighed1 170lbs. was caught lii( the; 1 Br$ justifies tlie apprehension -that if the .editor Is » rf;f »ful, lie may, unknowingly, 'learntoexnggeraUi/ . tpl » h6 will drift into politics. It lsvcrydiffi- 7 wei|h I701bs, The catfish hMoa 