he was in luok. A TAIL, dignified-looking gentlemnn stood facing an unoccupied houso in a West Side street the other day, closoly scanning a largo white sign which hung in the front door. Tho houBe was a handsome modern structure, two storeys high, nnd hud evidently been 1 built by some wealthy man for residence purposes, but was now advertised as being ' For rent.' The tall man had just finished taking observations and jotting down the owner's address in a small note book, and was turn ing to leave, when a ncighbonr camo along, and pleasantly romnrked — 'It's a pity that a fino houso like this should stand idle for such a long time.' ' Why, how long has it boon idle 1' ' Well, tbo last tenant moved out two years ago, and tho owner can't find nnothor who ia bravo enough to live in there.' ' What's the matter with it 1 Danger of collapsing f 'Oh, no. Tho house is built Bolid onough. Tho great trouble is that it is haunted.' xou don't say so!' And tho tollman seemed more interested ' It's a fact. Every Wednesday nnd Friday, just nt midnight, the people in the neighbourhood aro startled by a scries of wild, blood-ourdling yells; nnd immediately after that two white figures appear at the upper windows. I'vo seon thorn myself;' aud the good man shuddered as ha thought of it. 'Havo you any idea what rental tho owner demands for cho whole Iioubc!' 1 Yes. I heard him say he'd let anybody have it for five dollars per month.' 'Five dollars a month I Urcut Cicsar I but that's a bargain. Guess I'll take it before some other fellow gets ahead of me.' ' But wouldn't you be afraid of living in n bouso infested with spooks 1' ' Oh, I'm quite used to them. I am a spiritualist, and as I hold my seances overy Wednesday and Friday night, those spooks will come in very handy. You'll excuse me, sir, while I go and see the owner, and sign u lease for ninety-nine years.' And as ho walked off, ho muttered to himself — Fivo dollars a month, and two full- fledged ghosts to boot I This is, indeed, a barguin.' 