PASSING NOTES. . (Br Faustina.) Is chivalry dead ? is a question that crops up with every new instance of discourtesy or incivility to women to which public atten tion is drawn. It is one of those useful, abstractly exciting yet not too highly explo sive topics that help to stir the intellectual , atmosphere when it is getting in the dol drums. Safe, too. You could discuss it even in our House of Parliament, where, ng we all know— until Mr. Nciid's bill drove all the ladies out of the gallery the other night like a flock of startled doves— one never hears a naughty word or a doubtful allusion- A maiden might hold forth upon it over the eggshell china, or a bishop in his pulpit, without being defiled. But, somehow, wc don't get any nearer a settlement. One lady correspondent of this week, smart- | ing under a just and recent sense of personal affront, settles it, us far as she is concerned. For all the chiv alry we have left in Sydney now, she believes, we might as well bo back in the old convict days, when the only rule of conduct was, "Every man for himself, and — the other gentleman— take the hindmost." But it is so difficult— well-nigh impossible— to measure, as a philosopher, the just, propor tions of an evil by which one has suffered as a woman. The lady who signs herself "A Woman " was impolitely, nay, insolently treated by a man without a shadow of claim to the title of gentleman — there is little doubt of that ; and the subsequent fit of indignation in which sho declares that chivalry is a lost art is perfectly comprehen sible. Is the assertion, however, just? The man was a representative of an unfortu. natcly large class of coarse-minded, money- grubbing individuals to whom poverty is a crime, and dependence a reason for tyranny- Such have ahvavs existed— one fears will continue to exist. But look around ; take a wider range. Was there ever a time in which women — true women — received, on the whole, finer homage, keenc rintellectualappreciation, more delicate consideration in every sense than they do now V And, where the reverse is the case, is it not only fair to suppose that sometimes, at least, it is because they are incapable of inspiring them ? The woman who has purity without coldness, intellect without pedantry, truthfulness without dis. courtesy, and feminine grace and charm without coquetry, is not to be met with every day. But wherever she appears, men will be knight errants still. Speaking of Mr. Neild's bill, for legitima tizing infants born out of wedlock should the parents afterwards marry, it deserved a better fate than to be shelved for another six months or so — sixty, possibly, if one may judge by the hysterical outcry over it, and the indignant protest of members from whom one would have expected the dispassionate and temperate judgment that alone is worthy the lawmakers of a rising colony likeours. No weak woman — the veriest bundle of nerves — could have comported herself with lessdignity than— well, I refrain from pcsonalities. He couldn't help it, poor fellow. It was his nature, too. But the question struck mo as being just one of those on which women should have the right to arbitrate in con junction with the other half of humanity. They do arbitrate, some of them, after a left- handed fashion. For the same man who denies the right of women to lift up their voices outside the nursery or the kitchen will go home and talk over such a subject with his wife, and bo largely, if uncon sciously, guided by her decision as to his future action in tiic matter. "Isn't that enough ?" asks somcbodj'. That is just as it should be. " Man for the field, woman for the hearth." Her influence should be indirect. True it is that even now woman's influence is immeasurable. She holds in her hands a power for good or evil which, in nine cases out of ten, she has nob lived deeply enough to realise. Nor will she realise, and so employ that power to thebest ad vantage, while in important movements, such as the one re presented by Mr. Neild's bill, she merely plays the part of an auxiliary to the other sex. Until she can speak as an independent individual, politically ami socially, her in terests will always be the first to go to the wall. I always loved Emerson. Bub 1 have come to the conclusion that his calm, large pro. fluidity does'nt lend itself to amateur "literary" evenings. We have had some excellent papers from time to time in the Women's Literary Club. There is talent, and there is earnestness to be found there; which, given a congenial topic, sometimes finds expression in highly gratifying results. " Emerson," however, on Monday evening fell flat. His polished, concise, stately periods, each rounded oil to perfect complete ness, at last got. monotonous as the con tinuous rising and falling of a cathedral chant You can't debate about Emerson, any more tlimi you can debate whv life, and love, and sunshine, and siar'jglit. are pleasant things, lie has no 44 moods;" no reckless moments in which lie dashes off some emotional incon sistency that you can cavil at. He is serene, lufiy, Midi-contamed t-hroML'liout. And hm life was spotless. .If ho had taken opium like Coleridge, or absinthe like poor Alfred 1 M t f 1 I I I I c I I i like George Eliot, or deserted his wife like Shelley, there would be some sort of an opening— something to excuse or deprecate, or explain away. But there was notliiinr. He lived and died at that high altitude that wen tin- breaih ot scandal cannot touch, bo— the evening was dull. We haven't many heaven-born pools in Australia. The divine afflatus still wails uromul somewhere fur a bodily tenement wherein to enter and find a l£me. Happy be the singer of songs who recognise; clearly that fact, and with a complete under standing of his own limitations is con tent io pipe with the shepherds in the valley, instead of trying to scale Olympus with the gods. Sweet and clear ami pleasant his note is often, with a sound of common daily life in it that comes home to us at times and seasons when we should be impatient of t he loftier ami more stirring fetrain. Such a singer is Robert Richardson, who, by this week's mail, sends out to the late Professor .Stephens— ignorant of the sad fact of his death — as a mark of esteem and respect to one who was his tutor in the Syd ney University, , a charming little volume of verses, " Willow and Wattle," which he has just published. Far, very far above the average, those verses are. They remind one singularly oE Locker in style and choice of subject, though perhaps they lack, on the whole, the dainty grace of 44 Loudon Lyrics." I have only discovered two, so far, that are essentially Australian in subject— 44 A Bal lade of Wattle Blossom " and 44 The Stock rider's Grave but, as some years have evi dently passed ovcr-tho writer's head since he left us, filled with change and wanderings in many lands, vthi:i is ' not surprising. At any rate, lie has not forgotten the land of his early youth. W here the wattle-bloom waves in the breeze, And the bell-bird builds her nest. The 11 Ballade" is a favorite form of his, I notice; also the 44 Rondeau." Here is a charming little »ocm in the latter style : — Old friends nr.; best. Old coats that tit ; Old plays, an old scat In the pit; OKI pipes to .spor-d the winter nkht, old dreams beside the faint Urrliyht I'hnt ghost -like come, and ghost-Uke Hit ; Old letters l»v old lovers writ, \\\ fth trader names ami memories knit — I'oor fuded notes, ouee creamy white— Okl friends are hesu. Row Cupid cannot shoot a bit. And thrice he'll miss lor once he'll hit ; Tunc was his uritj'ws carried might, Once lips were led ami eyes were bright : Old books, old wine, :iv, even old wit- Old friends are best. Examples of literary and poetical excel lence at t ho same level might be multiplied from the pages of this dainty little book, though one \n obliged to admit inequalities here and there. But, in any ease, Robert Richardson is well worthy a place among I those 44 Australian poets" who have at tempted only small thing:;, but succeeded la them admirably well. A\ e are gelling on. Lust week 1 had occa sion to mention "school of fiction," in which young people were to be trained to describe the imaginary love experiences of other people. Now somebody starts up with kindly offers o? assistance in the man agement of one's own afaires tie cceitr. 44 Courtship, and the way to set about it," is the delicate and comprehensive title of a work published by R.M. (these initials don't stand for Raving Maniac, lam assured), under the auspices of the 44 Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge." Well, there was a man once who swore such strange andwondrousoaths thatallthe boys in the vil lage used to follow him about, hanging on his lips with open-mouthed yet fearsome fascina tion. One day something rather worse than usual in the category of small accidents hap pened tot hispastmnster iu the art of profanity and round him flocked his youthful disciples, thinking to hear him soar to heights hitherto undreamed of. But he merely smiled sadly, ! and waved them away. 44 Boys," he said 1 calmly, 44 1 can't do justice to the situation." That's how I feel about R.M. As to the Society for the Promotion of Christian Know ledge, I agree with that very sensible critic who remarks that any young man after this will be justified in asking it to miud its own business. I thought the maiden who used to sit down and entertain a drawingroom audience with the " Maiden's Prayer," or 44 Come where my love lies dreaming," with variations, had died out. But she still lives to charm the savage breast ; a very savage breast she operated upon the other day, I do assure you. This wasn't enough. She was followed by a young lady— -without cloubt 14 she of Rio,". Who assisted in Mendelssohn's trio, But her powers being scanty, she played it andante, Instead of allegro eon brio ! What I suffered I I break out in a cold per spiration when I think of it. When anybody opens a piano henceforth I shall make for the vacant scat near the door in case of emer gencies. It was a false security. But, iu fairness be it spoken, the amateur musical fiend is becoming such a mra tin's that it was justifiable. 