.THE ,WHITE SHE-WOLF. r By Gu.n?ar OCAMcea.. "Quite well, dear papa," answered the child; "but whereis the fine white wolf-skin that you promised me." "Your father did not find her,"answered Ravina, with a little laugh ; " the white woli was not so easy to catch as he fancied." Alexis had mrovel a few steps nearer to the lady, and was listening with grave attention to every word she uttered. " Are white wolves so diflicult to kill, then ?" asked he. "It seems so, my little man," returned the lady, " since your father and all the serfs of Kostopchin were unable to do so." "I have got a pistol that good old Michal has taught me to tire, and I am sure I could kill her if ever I got a sight of her,' observed Alexis, boldly. "There's a brave boy," returned Ravina with one of her shrill laughs ; "and now, won't you come and sit on my knee, for I asm very fond of little boes?" " No, I don't like you," answered Alexis, after a moment's consideration, "for 31icha! says- " Go to your room,you insolent young brat," broke in his father, in a voice of thunder; "you spend so much of your time with Michal and the serfs that you have learned all their boorish habits." Two tiny tears rolled down the boy's cheeks as in obedience to his father's orders Ihe turned about and quitted the room, while Ravina darted a strange look of dislike after him, As soon, however, as the door had closed, the fair woman addressed Katrina. "Well, perhaps you will not be so unkind to me as your brother," said she; "come to me," and as she spoke she held out her arms. The little girl carme to her without hesitation, and began to smoothe the silken tresses which were coiled and wreathed around Ravina's head. "Pretty, pretty," she murmured ; "beauti ful lady." " You see, Paul Sergevitch, that your little daughter has taken to muse at once," remarked RIavina. " She has taken to you in a most wonderful manner," remarked Paul, with a pleased smile; "you have quite obtained possession of her heart." "Not yet, whatever I may do later on," an swered the woman, with her strange, cold smile. Presently, the child grew tired of her new acquaintance, and sliding down from her knee, crept from the-room in search of her brother Alexis. " Paul and Ravina remained silent for a few moments, and then the woman broke the silence. "All that remains for me now, Paul Serge vitch, is to trespass on your hospitality, and to ask you to lend me some di-guise, and assist me to gain the nearest post-town, which, I think is Vittoski." "And why should you wrish to leave this at all 1" demanded Paul, a deep flush rising to his cheek; "you are perfectly safe in my house, anrd if you attempt to leave Kvstochiti , you will inevitably fall into the hands of the lelice." "And Paul Sergevitch will tell them where they can find me ?"questioiied Riains, with an ?nical inflection in the tone of her voice. "I never thought-that is--" stammered the man. "No, you never thought that I could read you so plainly." pursred the womlan, pitilessly : " but it is the truth that 1 hare told you, and ,ooner than remain an ionatoe o' your hlouse, I would leave it, even if all the roliceof I:ussia stood ready to arrest tmu olt its very thres' thold." "Stay, Ravina," exclaimet Paul, as the worman inade a step towards th': (leer ; I do nIot say whether your reading of mly thoughts is right or wrong, but lefore Ntu leave, listen to erie. I tell you plainly that freos the first me ment that I set eyes on you, a strange newi feeling has risen up in my heart-not the cold thing that society calls love,. but a burning, resistless flood which flows down like molten lava from the volcano's crater. Stay Ravina, be my wife-you are safe enough from all pur suithere." "And does Paul Sergeritch actually mean to offer his hand to a woman wheso name he does not even know, and of whose feelings toward him he is entirely ignorant ?" asked the woman, with her customary mocking laugh. "What do I care for name or birth 1' re turned he, hotly; " I have enough for buth, and as for love, my passion would soon kindle some sparks of it inyour breast, coli and frozen as it may not, be." "Let me think a little," said ravina, and, throwing herself into an arm chair, she buried her face in her hands and seemed plunged in deep reflection ; "listen," ho said, at last; "I have thought over your proposal seriously, nnd, upon certaiu conditions, I nrill cunsient to boe come your wife. At the present amomenrt, I have no inclination for you,Lut, on the other hand, I feel no repugniance for you. I will re. main hero a month, and during that timn I will remain in a suite of aplartments which you will lhave prepared for me. Esery erening I will visit you here for two hours, and upon your soaking your.elf agreeable, my ultimate decision will depend." " And suppihC that decision thould hean oun favorable one ?" asked Paul. ' Then," answered IRavina, with a ringing laugh, " I shall, as yssu say, leave tlis and take your hrart with me. "' These are hird conditions," remarked Paul; "why enot shorten the time of proba tion ?" "MIy cnditios are unalterable," answerel litarina. wilrh a Isstol sitamp of the foot; " do you sIree to them or not i' "I have no alternative," anasered he, sal lenle. The days slipped slowly antd wearily away, but ILrina showed tno signs of relenting. Every eveting, accordit~y to her bond she spent Ito hours with Paul ;sii made herself most areeable, listenint to his far-fetched oaompli lren!s and assoveratios of love snd tenderness either wsth a cold sntleo or with one of her miacking laughs. She refised to allow Paul to visit hler in her ownsl apartaentsa and the only intruder she permitted thee, save the servants was little Katrina, "lIo lud taken a atrange fancy to the fair 'roman. Alexis, on the con trary, avoided her as musl as he pisibly could and the pair hardly ever onet. Mleanwhile, curious rumurs beon to be circu. lated regarding the strange proceedings of the lady lwho occupied thebo suite of apartments shich had formnerly beluiged to thelwife of the awnerof Kost'pchini. Tie servantcr declared that the fod sentt up, thoIugh hacked about and cut up, wans r:evrrtsted, but that the raw mteat in the larder was frequently Irmissing. Strange sounds were often Iheard to isrsu from the rooms as the panic-stricken e serfs hurried past the corridor upon which the doors opened, and dRellers in the house were frequrently dis turatbed by the howlintsof iwolvts, the tootlrints of whiclh were dtstinctly vi.ible thie no'tc morn ing, and, curiously enough, invariably in the gardens facins the west side of the ~:fase in which the lady dwelt. Little Alexis, who found no encouragemistt to sit with his fatlher, was naturally throrn a 4-eat deal among the serfs, and heard the su?bject dis cussed with muany exaggerations. Onuo of his most treasured posstsaions was ot old brass mounted cavalry pistol, a present from Michal; this he had learned to load, and by using both hands to the cumubrous weapon, could contriso to fire it offi, as many an ill-starred sparrow could attest. With his mind constantly dwel ling upon the terriblI taleshe hadso greedily listened to, the pistol became his daily compan ion, whether he was wandering along the corridors of the house or wandering through the neglected shrubberiea of the garden. For a fortnight matters went on ia this manner, Paul becoming more and more in fatuated by the charms of this strange woman. To satisfy a whim of hers, he had even dis missed old Michal from his office and forbidden him to approach the house. But the faithful old servant, whoso love for the children was stronger than his fear of punishmenlt, took to Swander at night about the exterior of the great white hourse, urged on hy some feeling for which lie could in no wise accotlt. One evening, as Michal was miaking his accustomed tour of inspection, the wail of a child struck upon his ear. 1ie bent down his htead -and eagerly listened; again lhe heard the faint sounds, and in them he recognised the accents of little Katrina. Hurrying up to one of the ground floor windows in Ravioa's epartnent, from which a dint light streamcd, Ihe pressed his face against the pane and looked steadily in. A horrible sight presented itself to Ilis gaze. I y the faint light of a shaded lamp, he saw Katrina stretched upon the ground; but her wailing had now ceased, for a shawl had been tied across her little mouth. Over her was bending a hideous shape, which seemed to be clothed in some white and shaggy covering. Katrina lay perfectly motionless, and the hands of the figure were engaged in hastily retmoving the garments from the child's breast. Tile task was soon effected; then there was a bright gleam of steel, and the head of the thing bent closely down to the child's bosom. With a yell of apprehension, the old man dashed in the window-frame, and, drawing the cross from his breast sprang boldly into the room. The creature sprang to its feet, and, the white fur-cloak falling fromn its heal and shiulders, disclosed the pallid features of IRavina, a short, broad knife in her hand, and the lips discolored with blood. " Vile sorceres I" cried Michal, dashing for ward and raising Katrina in his arms; " what hellish work are you about I" Itavina's eyes gleamed fiercely upon the old man, who had interfered between her and her prey. She raised her dagger and was about to spring upon him when shie caught sight of the cross in his extended hand With a low cry she dropped the knife and staggered back. Michal paid but little heed to her, for he was busily engaged in examining the fainting child, whose head was resting helplessly on his shoulder. There was a wound over the left breast from which the blood was flowing; but the injury appeared slight, and not likely to prove fatal. As soon as he had satisfied himself on this point, he turned to the woman, who was crouching before the cross as a wild beast shrinks away before the whip of his tamer. "I am going to remove the child," said he slowly, "dare to mention a word of what I have done or whither she has gone, and I will arouse the village. Do you know what will happen thenl Why every peasant in the place will hurry here with a lighted brand in his hand to consume this accursed house and the unnatural dwellers in it. Keep silence, and Ileave you to your unhalloswed work. I will no longer seek to preserve Panl Sergevitch who has given himself over to the powers of darkness by taking a demon to his bosom." ltavina listened to him as if she had ec rcely comprehended him ; but, as the old man re treated to the window with lis helpless burden. she followed hiirr, step by step; and as he turned to cast one glance at the shattered window, he saw the woman's pale face and blood-stained lils glued against anr unbroken pane, with a wdd look of unsatisfied appetite in her eyes. Next morning the house of Kostopchin was filled with terror and surprise, for Katrina, the idol of her father's heart, had disappeared, and no signs of her could be discovered. Every eflrt was made ; the woods and fields in the neighbourhood were thoroughly searchel ; but it was at last concluded that robbers had carried off the child for the sake of the ran sumi that they might be able to extract fromn the father. The day upon which all search had ceased lavinu gliJed into the room whero she klew that she would fiud Paul awaiting her. She was fully an hour before her usual time, and the Lord rf KIostopchin started to his feet in sur prIse. " You are surprised to see me," said she; " but I have only come to pay you a visit for a few minutes. I amn convinced that you love nie, and could I but relieve a few of the objec tions that my heart continues to raise, I might be yours." "Tell me what these scruples are," cried Paul, springing toward her, and seizing her hands in his ; " and be sure that I will find means to overcome them." " Listen," said she, as she withdrew her hand. "I will take two more hours for consi deration. By that time the whole of the house of Kostopchin will be cradled in alumber : then meet sie at the old sun-dial near the yew- tree, at the bottom of the garden and I will give you my reply." " But why not come back here 1' urged he; " there is a bard frost to-night and-" "Are you so cold a lover," broke in Ravina, with htier accustomed laugh, "to dread tbe changes of the weather ? lBut not another word; Ihave spoken." She glided from the room, but uttered a low cry of rage. She almost fell over Alexis it the corridor. i 'ly is that brat not in bed 1" she cried, angrily. "Go to your room, boy," exclaimed the father, harshly, and the child then alunk away. P'aul Scrgevitch paced up antd downt the room for the two hours that he had to pass before the hour of meeting. His heart was vcry heavy, and a vague feeling of disquietude began tocreepover him. Twenty times he made up his miud not to keep hiis appointment, and as often the fascinations of the fair woman comn pelledhim to rescind his resolution. Sow and again he glanced at the clock, and at last its deep metallic sound, as it struck the quarter, warned him that he had little time to lose, if he intended to ktep his appointment. Throwing oni a heavily furred coat and pul. ling a travelling-cap down over his ears, he opened a side door and sallied out into the grounds. The dark sihape of the yew-tree soon rose up before him, and in another moment he stood beside its dusky boughs. Thie old graysun dial stood only a few pacts oil, anrd by its side was standing a slender figure, wrapped in a white, fleecy.looking cloak. It was perfectly motionless, and again a thrill of undefined dread passed through every nerve and muscle of Paul Sergevcitch's body. "Rlavina!" said be, in faltering accents. " Ravina!" "Did you take me for a ghost ?"answered the fair woman, with her shrill buh; "no, no, I have not come to that yet. Well, Paul Sergevitch, I have come to give you my ar.ser ; are you anxious about it I" "tHow can you ask me such a question ?" returned he; "do not keep me any longer in suspense. Is it 'yes,'or'uo'l" "Paul Sergevitch," answered the strange womran, coming up to hias and laying her hands upon his shoulders and fixing her eyes upon his with that strangeo expression before which he always quailed; "do you really love me, P'aul Sergevitch 1' asked site. " Lore you I" repeated the Lard of Kootop chin; "have I nottoldyou a thousanrd times how much my whole soul floras out torward you, how I only live and breathe in your pre. senle, and bow death at your feet would be more welcomne tlhan life withcut you ?" "People often talk of death, and yetlittle know how near it is to themt," answered the farr lady, a grim smile appearing upon hier face; "but tell me, do you give me your whole heart 1' "All I have is yours, Ravina," returned Paul; "' name, wealth, and the devoted love of a lifo time." "But yourheart," persisted she; "it is your heart thatll wnant; fell me, Paul, that it is mine and mine only." "' Yes5, my heart is yours, dearest I~Ra's," answered .ius, eIldeavourniIg to e anhi 'e the fair fuorm mi hit impassit ed grasp i. vh., ghlded from h;im, and then, with a jsuick Lound, sprang upon him and olaiud in his face ;il, a look that was abnolutely appalling. 11, r y.es gleamned with a lund tire, her lip? were drawn back, showing her sha-rp, white teeeth, rwhile her breath cate in sharp, 1quick gasps. I a. l hunglry, shle S olrmnred, " toil, o hsegry; but now, Paul Sergeritch, yo:r he:art i issine." lHer movement was o ssudden and unex pected that he stumallehl and fell heavily to the ground, the fair woman clinging to illl and falling upon his breast. It was then that tho full horror of his positii c one upon PaIul Sergevitch, and hI sa:,w his fa'.e clearly before him, but a terrible numbness prevented himt from ulin? his hanids to free himself from the hideeou embrace which was paralysing all his muscles. The face that was glaring; into his seemed to be undergoing some fearful change, and the features to be losing their ae:nblance of hunmanlit. With a sudden, quick monrment, she tore open, his garments, and in another moment she had perforated his left breast with a ghastly would and turn out his heart. She heeded snot the convuleirv struagles which agitated the dying form of the IL.,rd of K?ostop. chin, nor a diminutive form approaching, ahel teriug itself behind every tree and bush until it had arrived to within ten paces of the scene of tlhe terrible tragedy. Ti;en the miooobtams glistened uponr the long shininag barrel of a pistol, which a boy a;as levelling with both hands at the murder:s. Quick and sharp rang out the relport, andt with a wild shriek, in which there was -e,'ometlhiug beast like, Itavina leaped fromt the body of the dead man and stagerud away to a thlik cluimp of hushes some tewipaces distant. The boy Alexis had heard the appointmea:t that had been made, and dogged his father's footsteps to the trysting-.place. After firieg the fatal shot, his courage deserted hint, a?d lie tled back to the house, uttering load shrieks for help. The startled servants were soon in the presen.e ,o their slaughtered master. but aid was of no avail, for the Lord of K. stoplhitl had pasned a'ay. With fear and tremblinig, the superstitious peasants searched the clump of bushes, andt startd back in horror as they perceived a huge white wolf, lying stark and dead, with a husman heart clasped between its fore-paws. 