W. T. Stead's "Ghost Stories." THAI pressman of most peculiar bent of mind, Mr. W. T. Stead (editor and proprietor of the Renew of Jhniiews) has issued his second budget of " Gboat Stories." The book just to hand (which is the New Tear's extra number of the Hcviev) is hanlly likely to make as much Bensation as aid its predecessor, simply because we are not startled by its appearance in Nineteenth Oentnry journalism, as we were undoubtedly by the first lot of the " Ghost Stories" dinchargedatonrbeads. Below are reprinted several of Mr. Stead's characteristic yams; and, 'perchance, if the claims of space are not too pressing, in the fnturn we will yet rint some others. The premises with which S lr. Stead starts along with his "ghost" literature—that there is more in the " Unseen " than is dreamt of in the philosophy of the average man, woman, or child—maybe cheer, fully and readily admitted ; and that the etudy of the mental and spiritual life (or lives) of man promises to he interesting, albeit dangerous in no small degree, is also a contention not likely to be combalted. But, at the eame time, ibere lurks a suspicion in the mind of tbe reader of these " Ghost Stories 1 ' of the old Pall Matt Gazette editor, tkat never did the latter lose sight, whilst at his uncanny work, of tbe fact that in a commercial sense "Ghost Stories," like anything sensational in print, were likely to prove a real good thing to the publieher. THE WHITBY HAUNTED HOUSE. - Mr. E.' D. Walker, formerly mayor of Darlington, contributes tbe following narrative of a ghoBt that haunted bis own hoino when he was a child. His father was a coastguardsman, who married a farmer's daughter in Sussex, end subsequently was appointed to tbe little village of G<>ldsborough, five miles north of Whitby. Mr. Walker writes :— ' When we reached this place it was found that there was no house of any kind available as a habitation for us, but after making numerous enquiries we found shelter in the wing of a farm house, wbich for some time previously had been unoccupied. THE HAUNTED BOUSE. We had. not been in this particular house more than about a month, when one night my father—coming in, as was bis nightly custom, between J1 end 1 o'clock, as his rounds permitted— was sitting in the little kitchen, and was about to take from the oven his coffee and toaBt for snpper, when just as he was reaching to the oven the fender upon which one of his feet was resting, lifted up from the hearthstone three times and fell again with a loud bang. Concurrently with this action on the part of the fender, one half of a double- doored long chest opened three times also and slammed to again louder, my father always said, thaa he oould have done it himself. Mother, who was sleeping in a room on the eame level, called out to father, " James, what was that ?" He replied, "Betsy, I don't know; it's very Strange.'' However, they heard no more that night, and father finished his coffee aod had his pipe, and went out again. He came in in the morning, »nd said to his wife, "That was a very strange thing last night, Betsy." She rejoined: " It was; it is very strange. What could it bef He s»id: "I don't think it meant anything," and then "Did James (my eldest brother) hear it t" Mother replied, " Yes, he did." That made my father think it still more strange, but nothing further was «&id;, and for many nights he went about his business as usual. ME XIFXINO OF BIDS AMD PISTOI. SHOTS. About a month afterwards, *however, when be was out one night, and about half an hour before the time he generally came in, my mother, who was lying in bed asleep with me in her arms, felt the bed lilted three times and banged down on the floor again with a load, noise. Simultaneously with the bed lifting there were three distinct and very large sounds of pistol shots fired over the bed. My mother soieamed. out, AS also did my brother James .from upstairs, and she then lay in bed almost paralysed with fear, praying as she had never prayed before, for father to come in. When he came she told him and said, ." I dare not stay in the hoate ; •tost see and get ont as soon as possible, and he replied, " 1 will do so." After she had told him this, and while he "was eitting and having his pipe, he heard, and she also heard distinctly, outside the window, what seemed to them like two doge in deadly combat, fighting and tearing each other to pieces. Father said, " Do you hear that P" She said, " Tea,", and then he also began to be a little scared... He got. his cutlass and went to the front door, but could ass nothing- and he made up his 'mind then that he would inquire about the matter, having ™ to this, tims kept his own counsel. A Mrs. Bewiok, a widow, who was living in another portion of the .farmhouse, told htm that the last people who had lived there, said there was something wrong about the house, but she .personally knew nothing, although only separated by a wall. Within a week or two of this father was down on the sands one day with mother (I WSB just able to walk), and were making their" way from the top of the cliff,' when they met Lord and Xady Kormapby, on their way. to . the Lady's Walk, where there was a beautiful „ grotto In which, they need to sit. Father raised his - hat to the Marquis of Hotmahby, who .said, " I Suppose you are the new cosst-gnudsmanf" He said, " Yes, my lord," and told him his name. The Marqtus said, " Have you got a comfortable houaaf " .and he then told his lordship briefly this etory. His lordship said, " I have heard something about that before. It is very strange that there is anything jn it," and father repeated the, etory. The Marquis then said, " Ton shall not etsy there any longer than it is possible to provide you with some other place. I will get my steward to at once put a cottage in the village in order for you." In a little time after this my father got into the cottage wbich the Marquis speedily had made ready for him. But, meanwhile, after father had spoken to the Marquis, and while the cottage was being prepared, it was j found necessary by the owners of the farmhouse, on father's representation, to bring a joiner in from Whitby to make some repairs in au upstairs bedroom. A MAZE FIGUHB DRAPED IN WHETS. My brother Jnnu;s, then twelve years of age, van Upstairs nilli liiui, nml whilst Die roan was ln^y at the window—)iu knew nothing, and havimr nu fu^iicion i,l the building—all at once a male fi!>uic, drayod in while, appeared, coming apparontly fioni nowhere, crupsed tho room, and vanished. The jninur, offiighlod, threw liis tools down and rushed downstairs, fnllcwnd t:y tlin lioy James, who was scrc iminpr al tho top of hie voice. Father was down- 6liirs, and the joint r told him what thoy had ecen. Nothing cuuld imiuco him to f»o and fetch his tools, and ultimately my father hud to go for them. Wo lived in tho house in the village for sumo jtrne, and then my father was promoted again, and sent to Coilham, near Rudcar. Aft<r wo hud been there a few yenrs, and 1 hud grown up to bo thirteen years, my father, on the invitation of a Mr. Watson—who faimud tho principal farm on tbe estate of the Marquis of Noimanby, sear Goldsborough—again visited tbe neighbourhood, and took me with him. .Amongst other subjects that naturally came up in conversation between them was the question el the haunted farmhouse. My father asked, " Did those who went into tbe house after as have any similar experiences to what we had F" Mr. WatBon replied, "lam glad, James, that you have named that. A few years after you left, Mrs. Bewick, who had the other part of the house, died, and the house was repaired and done up and let in its entirety to another man." THE SKELETON UNDUE THE HKABFHSTOHB. " Before he entered into possession the new tenant had the interior very much modernised, and amongst other things tbe flagged floor in the kitchen was taken up, and of oourse the hearthstone along with it, and under tbe hearthstone was found a human skeleton." Now, my father was a man who would be the least likely to imagine anything of the kind. He had been tbe first in time of need te man the lifeboat, no matter how great the peril, and bis occupation being principally carried on at night made him know no fear. During that terrible and never-to-be-forgotten Whitsuntide storm which strewed the entire north-east coast with wrecks, and sent scores and hundreds of poor sailors to a restless ooesn grave, 30 or 31 years ago, he was the first to get a lifeboat crew together at Bedcar and go out to the Salt Scar through a sea that was unprecedented for its mountains of broken water, and bring off the crew of 14 men ot a three-masted vessel which had struck there. My mother died only eight mouths ago, at die age of 84, and told this story up to the time of her dnath, and bad no doubt whatever as to the terrible reality of her Sxperienoe. 