CHURCH NEWS Casino. — The annual meeting took place in the Oddfellows' Hall on the 16th ulfc., in the form of a social. The choir, under the management of Mr. Susans, contributed some very pleasant music. Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Cooper, and the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Lane, of Lis more, were also present. On account of bad weather only forty people assembled, but after Mr. Lane had tried his hand at begging, and all little helps were added, he announced the gratifying news that about £32 had been promised at the meeting to meet the interest on the Trust debt, and that it was all from good marks. This, added to the price of a present of a case of choice biscuits from an old Wesleyan friend, Mr. Arnott, of Newcastle, and the money taken at the door, will give a nett result of about £40 as the result of the anniversary social. Fall's Creek. — On New Year's Day the opening services of the church at Fall's Creek site were held, and were well attended. The Rev. G. C. Percival, of Milton, preached the opening ser mons. After service luncheon was provided by Misses Sinclair, Mesdames Georgieson, G. Henry, J. Henry, Beckitt, and J amieson. A meeting in the open air succeeded the luncheon. Mr. George Sinclair presided, : and addresses were given by Revs. E. King (superintendent) of the -circuit), J. Bruce (Presbyterian), G. C. Percival, and Messrs. Shepherd and Jarrett. The proceedings of the day were spiced with open-air games in picnic fashion on the green grass. The church opened ' was originally erected on our Forest Lodge site, near Meroo, but not being needed there any longer it has been removed to its present position to meet the wants of a growing district. The building is of wood, and looks well notwithstanding the process of demolition and reconstruc tion through which it has passed. Paddingtoil. — Sunday was a very blessed day with us. In the morning we had a sermon suited to the occasion, and much holy ghost power was present all through the service. At the child ren's service Mr. Austin again preached and a very good time teachers and scholars had together. The evening service was of a three-fold character, viz : The usual public service, the annual covenant service, and the recognition service. The attendance was exception ally good, and all three services were acknowledged to be seasons of great spiritual power. Eight persons were formally received as fully accredited members of society. Surry Hills. — On Wednesday, December 23, a Christmas concert, under the direction of Mr. W. Caley, was given in the Bourke-street Wesleyan Church. Miss Slade opened the programme with an excellent rendering of ' The Halle lujah Chorus.' This was followed .by the popular Christmas hymn, ' 0 come all ye faithful ; ' the soloists being Mrs. Baker, Mrs. A. Freeland, and Messrs. P. French and W. T. Colyer. Several carols were rendered by the full choir. Two four-part songs, 'Soldier's farewell,' arid 'Sleep, thou wild rose,' were sung by Messrs. J. M. Callaghan, H. Cham bers, and W. T. Colyer. Mr. Chambers also sang 'Tears,' and Mrs. Baker, ' Sabbath bells.' The other vocalists were Mr. W. T. Hotton, who sang ' Les Rameaux ; ' the violin obligato being contributed by Mr. W. T. Brown ; Miss Greaves who sang ' The better land,' and Mr. W. M'Coy who rendered ''Thou art passing hence.' Mr. R. B. Hartley played a violin solo and two choruses : ' Father, O Father ! ' and ' Christian soldier.' A collection was taken up on behalf of the church funds. Gosford. — On Saturday, December 19th, a Christinas tree and sale of gifts was held in the Gosford School of Arts. There was a good attendance, and the results proved very satisfactory. The Christmas tree was in the midst of the hall, and stalls were presided over, or served by, Misses Ethel Campbell, G. Campbell, and M. Buscombe ; by the Misses Etherington, Jeffrey, Grigg, Harris, Aggett, and Tonkin ; by Misses Hastings, Anderson? Donaldson, and Tay ; and by Mesdames Etherington, Kibble, and Lund. Vocal and.- musical selections were rendered during the day by local friends and visitors. The nett proceeds were £32 10s. Ilford (Rylestone Circuit). — At 1 o'clock on Tuesday last some 120 people sat down to a tea provided by Mr. George Harris, of Mount Vincent, and Mrs. W. R. Harris, of Ilford. After the repast, the friends enjoyed themselves in various out-door games till about 6 o'clock, when they were summoned to a second tea. Then followed a few more games, till the bell announced the time for a lantern lecture, by the Rev. S. II. McDade. The place was speedily packed. The lecturer then introduced the subject for the evening — ' A Seven Months' Tour through Ireland, Scotland, and England.' Mr. McDade handled the subject ably. The views were splendid. The proceeds of the lecture and some subscriptions that were sent in came to £12 15s. South. Brisbane. — An excursion, in connection with Wesley Church, South Brisbane, took place on New Year's Day. The friends engaged the large ocean-going steamer, Quiraing. She was crowded to excess, carrying about 1,000 people. A large number had to be left behind. The sum taken on board for tickets and refreshments amounted to about £150. 