THE INTERRUPTED DUEL. The Kingston-Baker affair in Adelaide is being made almost an affair of state. The Attorney-General has taken the matter in hand and instructed the police to summon Mr. Baker for inciting to commit a breach of the peace. It has been truly said that the duello as a British institution got its deathblow when people began to laugh at it, and insisted on regard- ing men who resorted to that mode of arbitration as merely absuid survivals of a barbarous age. While the custom still obtained, perhaps the most notable instance of the polioe interfering in a case demanding "gentlemanly satisfaction" was when Feel, who was then Irish Secretary-or at least had very lately been-challenged O'Con- nell. The police somehow got wind of the thing, and both of the intending duellists were formally arrested and bound over to keep the peace. O'Connell's enemies asserted that it was he who had set the authorities on. It was with this idea, at all events, that the Irish Chief Justice O'Dogherty fired off what was meant to be a killing sarcasm at the National leader. O'Connell was pleading before him. In response to a remark from the judge he interjected, '* But your Lordship, per- haps, does not apprehend me." "Oh, yes, I do, Mr. O'Connell," was the reply; "no man, indeed, can be so easily appre- hended when you want to." The sarcasm however telling at the moment was unmerited, at any rate as an imputation on O'Connell's courage. There can be little doubt that he was personally brave. But among the cruel instances of " tbe wound that honor feels" having to heal itself as best it could without theusualremedy,and through fear of the law, surely that of O'Connell's countryman the immortal Captain Costigan, may be almost considered as historic too. As readers of Thackeray will, of course, remember the captain when he sent a challenge to Major Pendennis entrusted it to the heavy tragedian of the company to which his daughter, Miss Costi- gan-"The Fotheringay"-belonged. But, as will also be remembered, the tragedian shrunk back appalled as Macbeth, by the ghost of Banquo when h (the tragedian) found himself in respect of the warlike missive of which he was the bearer, referred to an attorney who had a wtit"4^^:^^:'<^j9^^-«' Scene of the late attempt to derail the Brisbane Mail near Berowra Station. Looking towards Brisbane about half a mile on the Sydney side of Berowra. 