DANGEROUS JOKING. /jjVAUTIK wus n>0 eldest eon anil hope ol * "J Mr. I.oid, tlie Squire of Morton. Hie amiable disposition and supeiior intel lect procured for him univeieal lovo and eetcom. Martin was a ureal favourite with the girls, old nad young ; but he never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he becaino iu tiuiatc with Isabella Athlon, the daughtor of the clergyman. Isabella was young and the most thought less girl in the village. She could have little sympathy with a person of such deep foelinge and elevated intellect as Martin ; and, beautiful as she was, it scented strange that he should have given his love to her. Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several months; lie was now nineteen, aud she was of the same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella bad a social gather ing of young people at tlie bouse. Martin, of course, was present, with the fairest youths and maidens; and the company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, and social gnmcB. The hour at which such parlies usually broke up had already passed, when sonic one foolishly mentioned Uie subject of ghosts, something of that description having been reported as having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. i " It is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that n ghost has really been Eoon there; and I doubt if any person here believes iu tlio existence of ghosts." ! " You do yourself, you know you do, Martin, nlthough you are ashamed to own . it," cried Isabella; but Martin ouly laughed. "Come,now," continued the thoughtless girl, " I can prove that you have some idea that such things may exist. Go to the church yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt 110 fear." " And what would that prove!" " Why, you will be frightend, though you should see nothing. Your fears would put your belief.to tlie test. How could you be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid of !" " I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to the churchyard, even at midnight, would frighten me in the least." "Ha.bal but you shall not escape so," laughed Isabolls. " Here, before those, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, which Martin bad desired her to part with, "provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, and declare on your honour when you return that you were not afraid." "Agreed," said Martin, bultoning bis coat. " And as au evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring back with you the iron bar which yon will find close by the gate," said Isabella. Thus driven by taunts to llic commissiou of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on his errand. He marched steadily to the church yard, stopped a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolate pound, for the stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky—then taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. He bad proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards him. All Martin's j strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage give place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and liis blood running chill with horror, still he stood his ground. The speclredretr hearer, seeming to grow whiter and larger as it approached. Wc cannot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the unhappy youth at that moment. He raised the' bar, and rushed upon the spectre. The guests at the clergyman's house heard terrible screams. Dreading some tragic termination to the farce they rushed to the spot. They found Martin kueeling on a prostrate figure, his fingers clutching convulsively at its throat, while lie still uttered frantic shrieks for help One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on the throat of the figure, whilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosed the blood-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in death. Mar* in uttered an unearthly shriek and fell li eless upon the corpse. He never spoke again, and lived but a few months, to die an idiot. 