Wed«iiiis Mings. t In Russia, as in many othor countries, both husband and wifo havo n ring in tes timony of thoir nuptials. Tho members of our own royul family adopt this plan. Tho Duko of Connaught wears on his fourth finger a plain gold hoop with ' Margue rito ' ongraved inside, his wife's ring bearing tho name of 'Arthur.' And at tho present moment a woll-known London firm advsrti303 goutlomen's wedding rings ns a specialty. Tho Prince of Wnlos gave his brido a hoop with sis stoues — beryl, ! emerald, ruby, turquoise, jacinth, and omernld, tho initials forming his own pat uamo, 'Bartio.' It has always boon ro cogniood among lovors that thoro is a special n'ono in each month of love's calondar. January is represented by tho gnrriot, (cou stanoy) ; February, by tho ara&thyst; (sin cerity) ; March, by tho bloodstone (courago) ; April, by tho diumond (innocenco) ; May. by tho emerald (success in love) ; Juno, tho agato (long life) ; July, tho chameleon (con ten! od mind) ; August, tho sardonyx (mar liod liappinoss) ; Soptombor, the chrysoto (clonrness of intellect) ; October, opal (for tunato) ; November, topaz (fidelity) ; Decem ber, turquoiso (prosperity). AVhon our Queen was married sho distributed, in ro membrane) of tho ovont gold rings onclosing hor lilrouOBo, but so oxcoedingly small that thoy wore invisible except by means of a magnifying glass ; thoy nro highly troasurod amongBt many members of tho aristocracy of this day. A wedding ring need not of nocossity be of gold. Ero this many loving couples havo boon married — and legally murritd, too — with a curtain ring, and amongst these woro peoploof no loss noto than tho Dulco of Hamilton nnd ono of tho boautiful Miss Gunnings. Iron rings havo boon mado to do duty of gold, and sometimes even ionther. Wo road of ono brido vrhosi' fingor wao encirolod during tho coromony with a pioco of kid cut from her own glovo ; wuuo tno vory poorest classes v^ero content rrith rush rings Tho Puritans abolished wedding rings altogether, and to thio day pome of tho mombors of tho Society of Friondo object to thsir usoon account of their heathon origin. Timo was wlion thoy woro worn on tho thumb. When Georgo I wao king, as soon a3 tho coromony was ovor the brido romofod hor woddiug ring from tho ring finger to tho thumb, nnd tracos of the cuatom aro Btill visiblo in sumo pictures of tho period vhoro thoy aro dopictod. This perhaps accounts for tho soying, ' Wear my husband on my thumb.' Anothor class of thumb ring WU3 ecclesiastical. Brides of our day v^ould hurdly object to tho old custom that after tlio bridogroom had placod tho wedding ring on tho wifo'a fingor ho should sapplemoat it by sovoral ofhors with gemB. Iu oarly days tho espousal cirolet was placed fiiot on ono fingor then on anothor boforo its final lostmg place, with tho words, ' In tho namo of tho Fathor, tho Son nnd tho Holy Ghost, Anion.' Interesting rolics of old days aro tho gimmal rings, used both for marriage and betrothal. They wero made of two or thvoo movablo hoops, ono of which was worn by oach of tho lovers during tho betrothal ; but nt tho marriago tho com plotod ring was united again, and sorvod as a koopor or wodding ring, tho hoopa boing kept togothor by clasped hands, and somo timos attached to a heart. In tlio North of Europe tho wedding ring opon3 in thocontro ao that thoro wne room for tho fingor to on largo with ago ; but in this caso it was not of plain gold, but obu6od and ongraved. No doubt tho boublo and triple gimmal rings originated in tho old idea of a botrothod couplo dividing again, each koopiug half. 