SCIENTIFIC. SCIENCE OF THt DAY. [BJAB.SC.] The use of artificial cold is becoming every day more extended; in Australia we have for some time beep familiar with practical applica tions of freezing in connection with the ex portation of chilled meat, and now in more numerous appliances on a smaller scale in the preservation of dairy produce; but in Europe greater facilities exist at present for the ap-' plication of cold to all sorts of purposes because of the esse of obtaining compressed carbonio acid gas in the form of a liquid in strong iron drums, it is necessary only to let a little of the gas escape to get an intense cold inthe Stream of it. This is now being used in surgery to pn>duoe insensibility to pain for minor pperatione.' The idea is an old one - in dentistry, where the ether ' spray was used'to oool and deaden the gum round the base of the tooth to be extracted,' but many people 'found the disagreeableness of having such an intense degree of cold so slowly and awkwardly produced in the mouth worse than the pain of extraction. But with the carbonio acid gas escaping through thin flexible metallic tubing an intense Burfaoe-ohill can be produced in any part of the body very quickly, it is only necessary to ooil the tube round the part to be affected and turn on the gas; the oold has not to penetrate far till the part can be deeply cut without producing any pain. Of course there is the discomfort of the cold, but most people make light of that compared to the pain of a wound. Where it is undesirable to give chloro form the freezing method in painless surgery will be valuable. Another instance of the spreading use of cold produoed artificially is afforded by the adoption at the Paris Morgue of an extensive plant for freezing and preserving for any desired time the large number of bodies that have to be kept there for identification. It will certainly be of great assistance to the police and to the administrators of the criminal law generally to be able to keep a body found under suspicious circumstances as long as they desire, and men who as Jurors have ever been called upon to inspect a brother man's body in an advanced stage of docomjiuaitior; should be glad to hear of the time coming when the Juror will be spared the worst horrors ofsuoh an experience. It is certain that the Paris Morgue will become a livelier attraction than ever to that peculiar-minded public that haunts it and takes a gruesome satisfaction in gloating over the ugliness of death. What would not the old Egyptian Pharaohs have iven to have endowed the Pyramids with a uge freezing plant to keep their bodies undecayed for all time? We are often told that in many respects our boasted nineteenth century with all its scienoe has not attained to tho_ knowledge of tne old Egyptians, but in their speciality of embalming they are clearly distanced by the authorities of the Paris Morgue. Dr. Tylor, the President of the Anthopolo gical Institute, in his last address returns to the charge about the unsatisfactory nature of our knowledge of savage religions which have been unintentionally and unconsciously endowed with qualities they never possessed or which they had borrowed in contact with the white man. Thus the great spirit of the Red Indian novel is merely a reproduction of the idea of God which the Jesuit missionaries tried to impart, and the same sort of thing has been at work in connection with most savage religions, ghosts and demons have been exalted to gads and degraded to devils. The true nature of many savage religions remains still to be worked out from the languages and pure traditions apart from the private inter pretations of travellers and missionaries. It is well that Dr. Tyler should get this thoroughly impressed on anthropological workers all ever the world, so that in their own enqui ries they may be guarded against similar mis takes ; because it is an old impression with certain people that there is no nation so debased as to have no idea of a God and of the sinfulness of man; but scientific research on the superstitions of certain savages has proved this to be quite a mistake. In connection with the diverse means used in Australia for the destruction of rabbits, such as trapping, shooting, and poisoning, and also with the large sale of rabbits for food, the question is often raised as to whether there is not danger of poisoned rabbits getting amongst those sold to the public, and _ so proving a menace to health. Various experiments have been tried recently by feeding large quanti ties of the flesh of poiBoned animals to dogs without producing any sign of poisoning in them, and it is well known that savage tribes which use poisoned arrows in hunting their food, suffer none of the effects of the poison themselves. As a matter of fact the quiok-acting poisons do not reach the flesh in any appreciable quantity. Thus while people will be wise to preserve a prejudice against using the flesh of an animal known to be poisoned, they may allay all fears as to dis astrous results following the accidental intro duction of a poisoned rabbit into the public food supply. ProgreBS is being made with the working out of the theory that the microbes of most infec tious diseases do their mischief through the agency of DoiBons which they produce, and a considerable number of these poisons have been isolated from the artincial cultures. But the most interesting point is to demonstrate the presence of tlieee poisons in the body of the sick eubject. It ie known to be one of the functions of the kidneys to throw such poisons out of the system in the urine, and a recent French investigation has succeeded in separat ing out from the urine the poisons of scarla tina, diphtheria, and the mumps, and prov ing them to be identical with the poisons obtained by_ cultivating the microbes in broth. The poisons are quite definite chemical oomijounds, whose constitution will soon be worked out, and in the light of that knowledge it will be possible, no doubt, to discover chemical means of breaking up the poisons in the system into harmless products. The poison of the mumps when tried on small animalB proves to be very virulent: but, fortunately, it never seems to bo produced in large quantity at one time in the human system. A Dutch experimenter has carried out some striking experiments on the antagonistic action of certain poisons to one another. He used the frog's heart as his test subject, as this can be cut out and kept alive bv itself for a long time, The action of this isolated heart when de pressed by muscarine could be revived by oligi taline, and muscarine mixed with digitaline produced less depression than muscarine alone. This is typical of the change that experimental methods are working in the science of medicine, when the actual effects of drugs can be seen and measured, instead of the old chance em pirical method of casting them into the system to do nobody knew what. By similar means the proper antidotes to the microbic poison? may yet be demonstrated. 