LIGIOUS SERVICES. WESLEYAN CHURCH CALIFORNIA HILL- The anniversary was celebrated yesterday by three services. The Rev. C. Tregear preached in the afternoon, tubing his text from Matthew xi 28—“Comf nulo mO nil vo that labor ant) me heavy laden ami I will give ye rest." The preacher Illustrated his text by short anec dotes with which lie had himself been in some way connected. A certain minister, he said,had been, in the habit of taking the oboir from bis church down to the docks, and on one occasion, onu of the young women sang tl,o hymn referring to salvation being free. A few mouths afterwards, while visiting a family, a man met him on the stairs, and after’inquiring of the nroaohor remembered that day, informed him that while that ,song was being sung, be was lying hidden behind u barrel, determined to drown himself, ns ho had been unable for some time to obtain work, and so wished to end his misery at once. Now, this man’s case was very appli cable to the text. The preacher then referred to “having light inside.’ lie know a girl who, though perfectly blind, was yet quite happy, for though deprived of physical, she possessed spiritual light. Another man whom ho know as a bed-riddou invalid for 19 years, had refused to leave his room oven while it was being painted. That man had his room connected by telephone with the exarch, so that he should ho able to hear thr mormons. The preacher concluded his ad ss by ex horting all to attend the meetings tiring the week, if only for a few rain s. In the evening tho Rev-. John Hall pren cd on the fatherhood of God, taking as his text the words of the Lord’s prayer. There were crowded congregations at each service; in fact, many who attended the evening service wore unable to obtain oven standing room. Baptist Cuuuou.—The Rev. Mr. Weller preached Yesterday morning to a fair congre gation. He selected as his text, Acts ii., 4 — “And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost,and began to apeak with other tongues, as tlio spirit gave them utterance.” The preacher dwelt at length upon the effect and power of the Holy Spirit, when acquired by niau, and the influence one possessing it had upon those around him. In appealing lo the congregation to respond to the offering, ho said that the committee wore in very straitened circumstances, and were seriously considering tho question of withdrawing some of their workers from tho vineyard. WiiST.EYAN Church, Forest Street.—'The Rev, W. R. Thompson officiated yesterday morning. In the evening tho Rev. Charles Tregear preached from tho words, “ Come unto mo all yo that labor and lire heavy hidon and I will give you rest." (Matthew xi., 28). These words, said tho preacher, wero spoken by Jesus Christ, the' pnneo of teachers, who niado use of parables and stories, tho simple t iings happennig Ml round-tho occupations of the people, etc. —in order to illustrate and carry homo to tho minds and hearts of his hearers tho grand spiritual truths ho desired to teach them. He looked on tho Jews and beheld that they were burdened, for with the Mosaic codo—the co'mmandmonts to do nivi not to do—tho Pharisees and others of their teachers had added numerous traditions, and to those laboring, heavy ladon ones Jesus said, “Come, ami I will give you rest,” There ore many in the world to-day, said the preacher, who have mental burdens, disturbed minds, unsettled about eternal realities,whoso minds arc in a constant state of ferment. Tho burden of sin is universal, “Tho spirit of a man will bear bis infirmity, but a wounded spirit who can bear?” Tho sinner cannot bear up under tho agony of an accusing con science, Tho sense of sin prevails every where, In foreign lands and in tho midst of heathen people you behold mon going to the temple or mosque, carrying their peace-offer ing because they want rest to their troubled souls. Tho preacher then referred to a man whom ho bad known who was in a good posi tio, and as far as men could judge void of care, vet ono morning ho shot himself. Mon wondered. The key to the situation was found In his office—his life story and his terrible trouble was written on tho face of half an envelope—No God, no Christ, no hope! And ho sought rest jn tho grave. Tho prcaaher hero gave a vivid description of that won drous rest realised by those who accepted Christ's invitation, and ho earnestly urged the weary, burdened, sm-siok souls to como to tho omnipotent Christ, and ho would give them real—sweet, sweet rest. Biplk Chh'stiaV Church.—Tho anniver sary of tho McKenzie street church was cele brated yesterday by three special services, conducted by tho Rov. Messrs. Trebelcock, Weller, and Barber. Mr. Barber in tho even ing preached to a good congregation from Revelation vi., 16-17. The singing of tho oboir gave much effect to tho service. The tea meeting will bo held this evening. 