Tha Haunted House. This house is hauntedi yea indeed it is! But not by ghosts in trailing robes of white, With waving arms and icy touch and kias, Who always choose the witching hoar of .night To wander up and down the level floors, And some unhappy wight’s warm blood to freeze; Then pass from-grision, flitting through closed • My ghosts, aflk • are not such ghosts as these. No, they are visions, visions of the past, Of dear ones who have entered into rest; They come and go, their forms no shadows cast. I would embrace them ; hut my arms have pressed The empty air. Ah, me, the dear home life ! ' It all comes back around me a8 I gaze; And then once more begins the bitter strife, / I live once more my long and lonely days, Come, friend, with me and pass the old house by; I*ot us go in ; there’s naught to do us ill. Did you not hear a murmur like a sigh ? Ah, look! the empty rooms begiu to fill l I eoo a loved one’s face so mild and kind, Smiling, midst heavenly lights around it thrown. Do you not see it ? Oh, your eyes are blind ! They should bo lod, like mine, by love alone. The same old chairs stand where they used to . The curtains in the soft breeze rise and fall, The same old clock points with a warning hand To passing houra that never aeem to pall; While forms of loved ones gone but ever dear With all their old time aotions pass me by. Father and mother, yes, they both are here. And there is one whose face I know : ’tis 11 Ah, fade not yet, dear visions of the past! Stay but a little while iu each old place! My blest and dear ! Too long ye cannot last While love for me lights up each spirit face. Come, let us go; the night is falling fast; The visions and the day aliko are flown. I turn roe back from that dear, love-litpaBt . To face whate’er the future holds, alone ! Nay, friend, seek not to shake my firm belief That dear ones wait me up at heaven’s gate. And in their arms I shall find full relief For all my weary days and desolate. I am not wrong in this : I surely deem v That heaven will hold the sweetness of the And aPhomo life, to which thisearth’s shall aeem But poor and barren, shall be mine at last l —“Galveston News.” An important discovery of dynamite and other deadly materials was made recently near Pantin, by a search party, consisting of M. Atthalin, examining magistrate, a police commissary and a constable.. Among tbe explosives were 139 dynamite cartridges, a large quantity of fuse, and 600 percussion 