LOVE BETTER THAN SACRIFICE. - Copyright.. AN INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT. By OSCAR PARK. CHAPTER XVII. A NIGHT ATTACK. No ; Luigi Marconti could not sleep ! His nights were like a hell to him. After that brief stay in Rome be started he knew not whither. Only to get away ! His one greedy desire now was te put Bpace between him and the dying. It could not haunt him so then. He could sleep then. But the hope was vain. Sometimes nature grew so exhausted, that feverish oblivion, like the semi- oonsciousnes- of a sick man. would come to him for a moment, but the fantastic shapes so crowded on his brain, that he would wake with a start of horror, the cold swpat starting from every pore. Then he would toss and moan, and gnaw at the sheets that covered him, so great was the tension of his nerves. He wondered if he was goiDg mad. He would put a restraint upon himself, and close his eyes tightly, rigidly, and Bay, "I will sleep." But his eyeballs stared through the very lids, and the lids seemed to get scorching tot with the fierce fire beneath them, until he had to op> n them or shriek out wir.h the agony. No, he could not sleep ; And the further away he went, the more awful grew his torment. His over mastering hate had so long fed upon the revenge his soul had been plotting, that now no other thought was possible to him — no other vision crossed his mind. Between him and every object towards which his eyes turned came the picture of the dying man. Above all sounds of life abont him came to Mb ears the last ory from that black pit-. He had sucked bo greedily at the sweetness of the vengeance he would ex act, that now, when it was done, only the bitter pulp remained, but he could not rid himself of it. Nothing sbewB the develiabness of this man's heart so much as this, — his worst torment came from his disappointment. The foreshadowed revenge had been so sweet, he had expected the fruition to be nectar. Aud he could not sleep ! That startling question be had aRked himself at Sorrento was answered. He could not sleep. He should not sleep, he knew now, until he assured himself that the man was dead and the agony Dassed. He had not been able to sleep there under the Bhadow of the grave, and he could not sleep here in Venice, hundredsof miles \- away. He must go back, He must know or he Bhould die or go mad. He shaved his beard away, and bought a disguise, a priest's robes and hat. He started again. He rode day and night with only one clear thought burning in his brain. Men looked at him, and Baid, "He is killing himself with fasting and terrible penances — an unusual sight in these days." And on he hurried, never o< mmunicating with others but when forced to, only thinking — think ing. He heard nothing, he saw nothing,|he felt nothing but that which speeded him once more to the goal on which his mind was fixed, but ah 1 with what unlike emotions to those which urged him on before I Now he only wanted to live and keep sane — to hnoio, so he could sleep again ! He retraced his course from Capri step by step and once more landed at the island from a row- boat he had taken from Sorrento. He heard the boatmen as they went along talking of the man who had been found in the cave on Timherio, as the islanders call the peak ; and of his death since he was taken ont, but the words came to him as though he heard thvm in a dream, lhey brought no distinct sense to his mind, and he was only conscious of a quick sob as though theawfnl strain had felt some thrill of relief. But his purpose was bo fixed now that he bad not the power of will to alter it. The whole brain siemed paralysed, save only that one ceaseless craving — he must see J— he must see ! When they reached the island he paid the men, and walked quickly away, but he avoided men — he avoided all p aces where he was likely to meet men, and his priest's garb protected him from the importunities of those who did chance upon him. The climb up the height by the unfrequented path he chose was steep and toilsome and he was weak aud worn out. It was a great effort for him, but he kept on slowly, pausing to rest at times and ever saying — over and over to himself, as though to give himself ourage and strength — " I shall Bleep to-night ! I shall sleep to-night 1 " Again at times that strange sob would rise \- from -his breast and almost choke him, and his breath would come with a quick gasp. And as he neared the summit, trembling from head to foot, faint, dizzy, he had to say it aloud to bring the sense of it home to his heart, so that he might not falter yet — " I shall sleep to-night 1 Oh, I shall sleep to-night!" He came oat from among the olive trees on to the bare rock. The last rays of sunlight had gone— it had taken him so long to make the absent; But the moon waB shining with a full and bril.iant light and he could see every step before him. He went on towards the ruins, their gaunt, gray walls standing in the white moonlight; like ghosts of the revellers of old who had walked among tbem so many hundred years ago, the . streaming vines waving in the wind like fluttering .robes. His heart felt a strange ohill as he Stopped slowly down, shaking as with an ague ifit, into the passage which led to the gate. He staggered along it like a drunken man, and so into the room and np to the little gate. Then for the first; time he remembered that he had cut the ropes. How was he to get down ? He stopped a foot away from the gate, paralysed by ithis remembrance and this question, and stood jthere trying to think— trying to plan— trying to bring hi3 mind tobearon the problem intelligently. Oh, if he could only get warm, he thought, and stop this awful trembling, then he could think. He must think ! He must get there ! He must ! He must 1 Then he could Bleep to-night. And he must s'eep to-night ! Another night like the others would drive him mad ! Yes, yes! He must see him ! He must get there ! A step sounded on the mosaic pavement of the passage behind" him through which he had come. Who could be there at that time of might? It frightened him. He turned around to jface the narrow entrance of the room in which he etood. The moonlight ponred its white radiance down between the roofless walls and fell in a (bright flood through the doorway. As Maroonti'a piaggard eyes rested on the spot, the footsteps sud denly ceased and the faoe and form of Christopher 'DorrnBen filled the entrance 1 The eyes wore bent on Marconti. He staggered back a step. The gate, whose fastenings had been broken, swung out "under his weight and with one awful shriek he fell to the rocky shores below. The man, .who to the terrified and almost crazed brain of Marconti bore the face and form of Christopher Dormsen, after a moment's stunned .pause, rushed up to the opening through which the body had tumbled and peered down that giddy fall. The moonlight shone on a whirling confusion of legs and arms for an instant, and then there came up to the ear of the wstcliing and horrified man a Bound like a muffled thud — but not another cry. That one shriek of tenor and death was the first and last sound that ever came from the throat of the murderer after that other fall— the fall which seemed like the Bhadowy forecast of his frightful end. The watching man drew back and looked about him as though dazed with tne horror of the tragedy he had witnessed. He went back and up into the open space above, aud then after a moment's hesitation walked swiftly down the path to the village. There he told what he had seen and .soon the alarm spread that a priest had fallen from the summit of Timherio into the sea, A boat was manned, and pulled around to the point where the body must be lying. It was fouud and bronght back to tho marina, and laid out on the beach. The man who had seen the accident was there, too much disturbed and troubled by the dreadful event to go to sleep. The bright moonlight was shining on the body, and flaring torches were held aloft by some of those who pressed silently around the dead. These rude and simple-minded islanders uncovered before the eyes of the man of God, who lay dead before them. He had fallen with his head in the water, and though the legs and most of the body were frightfully mangled and broken, the face was without a scar. But such a faoe! The eyesBtaring with an awful terror — the mouth oppn as though that, shriek of agony was still beating the throbbing air, and a thin stream of blood was slowly flowing from one corner. The man who saw him fall drew near. The crowd standing solt mnly with uncovered heads, parted for his approach. He turned his eyes upon the dead. He started, and a great shudder shook him. HiB hands clenched, but his eyes closed to hut out the Bight, as he said with trembling voice— "My God ! It is Marconti I He killed my brother ! " They stared at him a moment in bewilderment, Then their faoea began to grow dark and vengeful! They put on their hats again anu pulled them down with an emphatic gesture as though they meant they should stay there. They stripped the priest'a gown and vestments from the body of the dead, and when he lay disrobed one of them kicked him. But the man who had brought this contempt on the dead had gone a v.- ay and no one followed him, but all Borrowed for him. CHAPTER XVIII THE SOLUTION. Mr. Burdick did not reach Naples, as he had ex pected to do, on the morning after he had an nounced to his wife his suddenly-formed intention of making a second visit to that city. On leaving the two ladies he had found a large foreign mail for him, just sent to him for his bankers, and some of it required immediate attention. It waa late on the eveninsr of the second day folio wing that; he reache 1 the Grand Hotel — too late to do anything but go to bed. Iu the morning, after breakfasting, he started out to see the American consul. His course lay through the beautiful gardens of the Villa Nazionale.the pleasure grounds of Naples, lying along the curving bay. He could hardly explain to himself why he should be here. His coming seemed to him now almost an un accountable impulse. There was nothing to justify it but a girl's fancy. But then that fancy had been so strong, and held with Buch tenacity, that he really wavered in his own conviction as to her illusion. He felt as though he must satisfy himself again, and there was but one way. That was through the Swedish consul at Naples, to whom the aff iir had been entrusted. But now that he waa away from the glamour of Clara Mowbray's per sistence in her own faith, he was saying to himself that his visit conld have bub one result — a certifi cate of some kind from the consul as to the un doubted fact of Mr. Dormsen's death, That might help to produce conviction in her mind. He was walking briskly along after his habit, whether bent on pleasure or business, and had reached that loveliest spot of the embowered gardens where stands the little temple to Virgil. Hi« eyes were bent on the ground. The Virgilian temple would have had no attractions for him in his least preoccupied moods. Now it was as nothing to him. The gardens are usually deserted in the forenoons, but he heard a footstep before him, and lifted his head. Christopher Dormsen or Christopher Dormsen's ghost was not ten pace3 away and walking rapidly towards him, an ex pression of surprised but earnest greeting on his face. Mr. Burdick stopped, paralysed, and received Dormsen with no expression but one of unbounded amazement. He held out his hand mechanically to the young man's grasp, and was conscious of a sensation of relief, when he felt a strong pres sure from a real hand of bone and muscle. Dorm sen spoke first. " It is so great a pleasure to see you ! " " How — hoiv did you— come back ? " murmured Mr. Burdick. It waR stupifying. " I came back the day before yesterday. I came at once as soon as I knew," his voice falling aa he Baid the last sentence. " Yes — I dare say. I wonld — if I had been in your place — and could. But how did you do it ?' "They telegraphed me from Norway, from Christiana. They did not know where I was at first and they made the same mistake in my name." 41 Oh! Tbey — didn't know whre you where! I think I could have told tbem." "Ob, no, Air. Burdick, I was at fault. I did not write to you, as I promised. But it was a hard struggle for me to try and forget her, and I waited. So ycu oould not know where I was." "Well — perhaps not, but I could have made a good guess. I shouldn't have thought of sending you a telegram though. I — I did't know there was a line." " And L have heard of all your kindness, Alr.Bur- dick, and of all the pains Mr. Thorndon took, and I thank yon both — I thank you both 1 " ' Oh, you heard of all that, did you ? Did you hear it where you were, or since— since you came back ? " " Since I came back, of course. I heard it here." " From whom, please." " From my consul." " Let's go and see him." He had kept hold of Dormsen's hand during their dialogue and kept squeezing it, as though to assure himself continuously that it was genuine. Now he dropped it and took the other's arm and turned him round. He kept hold of the arm as they walked along, bnt the dazed look did not leave his face. " I regretted," said Dormsen. " that I could not stop in Rome on my way through to see you and thank you, but I intended to go there froxn here." "Oh, you cams back through Rome, did you? — and did you— di 1 yon go through Rome, too ' Certainly ! You must, if you go all the way by rail." Mr. Burdick glanced at him sideways as they walked on and presently he said, with a profound 6igh, " Well, I am learning something any way." " But why did you come to Naules so soon, Mr. Burdick ? " " Why, I came — to see you. Dormsen looked surprised. " How did you know I wa6 up" - \- " Well, I left you here, and every reason to suppose you would stay — for a wmie." " You left me here, Mr. Burdick I That is strange I did not meet you here." " N-n-no, not exactly. I Buppose it would be more correct to ' say that I met you. but not, perhaps, that you met me." "You speak in riddles, Air. Burdick." " Well 1 I'll be hanged if I am any more of a riddle than you are, Dormeu ! Look here ! " He stopped short as he spoke aud faced the young man, gazing into his eyes, and, while not letting go of his arm, gently felt along it until he reached t he hand, whioh he prasped convulsively. " Look here, Dormsen 1 I can't wait till we get to the consul's, I left you in your coffin here in Naples la3t Monday. Just tell me, won't you, right off aud plainly, how you got out ? " Dormsen returned the gaze in silence a moment, and the look of astonishment gradually faded away, leaviDg only the signs of his s-orrow. " Ah no, Mr. Burdick! I think I begin to understand. You thought I was dead, killed by that wretoh. But uo. It was my brother." " Your brother ! " " Yes, my brother Tyndal. He died for me. Marconti, too, thought he was I, and he killed him, the best brother ! —the dearest brother ! Ah God 1 1 ' Air. Burdick dropped the hand he had been press ing, but he kept his eyes Btill on the other's face. " Why didn't you tell us you had a brother ?" he asked finally. " Did I not ? I surely did. We had been in Rome together before you all came, but he left me. He had seen all he wished to see in Rome and came here, and he went to Sicily and then came back here. He loved the beauty here " — and then in a lower voice— "and his great love for it brought him his death." " Was he like you 1 Did he resemble you ?" " Y< s, it was wonderful, everyone said." 'I should say it was wonderful !" was Mr. Bur- dick's comment. " I never saw anything equal to it." " And you thought it was I, the whole time Ah! but my brother was worthy of your care. I worthier than I. I can never forget that you did not let him die iff that place — that his eye3 saw the i sunlight once more. He loved the sunlight. He j loved all brightness and beauty. Oh, it should j have been I. It was meant for me." j Thank God, it was not ! waa Mr. Burdick's ejaculation in his own breast, but he answered, ! "We should have done the 9ame, Thorndon and I, j even if we had known. I am glad we could do anything for the poor fellow, but I am very glad it was not you. I can hardly believe it yet, though. I It's the most extraordinary thing I ever heard of. | By the way, let me look at your left hand, will i you Dormsen ? " ! Dormsen hell it out. Every joint wa9 intact, j " It may seem strange to yon," said Mr. Burdick, " but this is the first moment I conld say I am convinced that you are not a dead man." I " You mean, do you not, that my brother had lost a finger ? Yes, it was crushed in climbing : many years ago, when we were b:>ys." " Let us go back to the gardens," said Mr. Bur dick, " I don't want to see the consul now ; " and as they turned and walked on he added, "Give me a woman hereafter for keen sight and fidelity. Clara Alowbray would not believe you were dead. Sh? declared she had seen you in Rome. Did you atop in Rome ? " " Only for a short time to see the minister from Sweden. And — and Misa Alowbray. She is well ?" " Yes, poor girl— getting well. But she has had a hard pull of it." "Miss Alowbray, Air. Burdick! Has she been sick ? " " Sick ! She nearly died. Roman fever — brought on by anxiety about you." "Oh, no, Mr. Burdick. You do her wrong." " Not a bit of it. I know just what I am talking about. What a triumph this will be for her. Bnt Mrs. Burdick ! She'll never forgive me. 1 have umde her put her foot iu it badly." lie chuckled a little to hiutsrlf at the thought of the surprise be baa fur her, aud the Beorpfu! reflections on h!# stateness with whioh she would take out her revenge upon him. M However," he went on, "you don't understand all this at present, hut you will aome day. It is a Jong story. Yes, Clara Mowbray had been a good deal troubled by her enforced en gagement to Thorndon. You didn't understand that either Dormsen, bub she was virtually made to do it by her father, hard-hearted old miser ! But I've got a good big pill for him to swallow yet She didn't oare for Thorndon in that way, though Thorndon was a good fellow, Dormsen, at heart. He came out 9trong at— at Capri. But ehe didn't oare for him. They never could have hit it off together — not made to be mated, you know, and its broken off altogether." " Broken off, Mr. Burdick ! You mean they are not to be married? " " Oh, bless you, no ! He has gone away and won't come back — now, I'm sure." " And Miss Mowbray. About her sickness ? " "Oh, yes. Well, as I was saying that engage ment nearly broke her heart. But when she heard that Marconti— by the way, have they heard any thing of that double-dyed villain yet ? " 41 Yes, he has suffered for his crime. He is dead." 44 Alarconti ! Are you sore ?" 44 Very sure. I saw him. It is another dreadful story. It was yesterday—" 44 Yesterday 1 And you say he has already suffered for bis crime. Iu one day! Oh, give him time, Dormsen, give him time. He is only feeling the thinnest edge of an infinitely long wedge of enffering. Give him time I" It was last evening," eontinned Dormsen. "He had gone back to Capri to see hi3 victim in death, perhaps to gloat over his sufferings. We do not know. We can never know now. He was disguised in a priest's dress. I, too, went to Capri to spend a few hours — to be near to the spot where my brother died — to thank all those who were so kind. In the evening, for it was moonlight, I walked once more up to the height over the place where he was left to die, and I went as far as I could on the way he went when Alirconti took him to his death, and when I came to the little gate— you know it ? — Ypb ?— a man, a priest I thought him then, was standing near it. He turned when I came near. He saw my face in the moonlight. I can imagine what he thought. He staggered against the gate. The lock was broken, and he fell through, and down — down ! It was frightful !" " Peter Burdick," said that gentleman, apostro phising himself—" Peter Burdick, if you had never done anything in your life but break the lock on that gate, you ought to be satisfied !" ' Then it was your hand Mr, Burdick, that avenged my brother's death ?" " No," was the answer, with unusual solemnity, for him. " It was the hand of God. Nothing else conld have led him back to that spot. He died by the very law of nature he had outraged. It was better than to have to use the rope of his ladder ; more of what they call ' poetic justice ' iu it." He added after a pause— "And that's the end of Marconti." Nothing was said for a few moments as they walked on among the feathery palms and almost tropical luxuriance of the aarden3. Each had his own absorbing thoughts, but they tended to the same end, and, when Burdick spoke, he answered he question on the other's lips, "But Miss Clara, — I was forgetting. She read that scoundrel better than most of us — better than I did perhaps. She felt instinobively there was danger for you where he was. He learned from her that you had come here, and had the impudence to tell her that he was coming to find you, and make peace with you. Her anxiety, coming on all the rest, was too much for her. She gave way at once, and the next morning she was down, and far down, too, I can tell you. But she pulled through, and is all right again. Two days ago she went out for her first drive, and vowed she saw you pass through the Piazza di Spagna, Did you ?" ' Yes, but I did not see ber. ' ' No, but it was quite enough for her that sh8 paw you. A girl who loves a man as she loves you Dormsen, ought to make him happy " Ah ! If I dared to believe it !" "Just take it on faith. Take my word for it just now, since you have nothing better. It's . good-natured in you not to say that it's none of I my business. About everyone else has, But; I don't care. I don't care. I got into the muddle and I'm going to see it through. Then I'll go back to America. Europe don't suit me. It's too old-fashioned." ' I like your fashion, Air. Burdick." "Oh, do you ? Well, I'll return the commpliment. If they were all like you, I'd think better of it. Understand! I don't say the United States are au unalloyed Paradise by any meaus. There are just as many snakes in that garden as there are here, only i they're not so cold-blooded ; they make it livelier foryott. Now there's Mowbray. He'd have made j just as much by not deceiving me. I wish I hadn't got his daughter to look after, and I'd lead him a fine dance. I've kept him in hot water for some time, but I've got to let up on him so.in. ne's got to beg hard, though, and I'll dictate my terms. ThatM be some satisfaction." "I do not quite understand allthis.Mr.Btivdick." " No, I know you don't. I beg your pardon but I waB talking to myself. Now, when are you going to Rome ?" 44 1 did expect to go to-iaorrow to see ycu and Mr. Thorndon. From there I go at once to Norway, I have much to do." "Exactly ! Couldn't you do it all just as well if you should see Miss Clara in Rome instead of Thorndon ? He's gone, you know." " I will see Miss Mowbray." " Of course you will. I knew you would. And I'll wait and go ba k with you. I want to see Airs. Buidick, when I bring you in. I know what Clara will do, bub I can't calculate on Airs, jlurdick." (To be continued.') 