etc, TAtfcS AROUND THE CAMP-FIRE. No. X. {Writtenfor the "Advocate.") BY P. E. QUINN. O'Bbisk did not. tell his own Btory around the camp-fire. He told one, of which more at another tune. His own story—that is, the real history of hie life Lie confided to me when be was lying Anon what t>rb*& to be his death-bed in Sidney: I ktrtiw that he was a dying Jtfan and M'Hfowlt, too. Of course his name Hot O'Briet, though it vas an! Irish tiame as typioal and as honoured. , : Between us. there had; g">wa , U P. a neat if undemonstrative, friendship. TMwWas <that.between ua which we call sympathy-"* subtle^ bat potent, connecting foree.'wbibh can bfily exist between thote *hom nabiwf haa joined by a oloser kinship thati tisttwUy AnitB between man and man, mbW 'sometimes exists between brother and brother. Many a time I have watched him while he rested his handsome head, over whioh the rich brown ourla ran, upon his shapely hand, and lost himself in thought —not of the future, but of the past. He who dreams of the future does so even when fate has dealt him her sorriest stroke, with eometbing of hope of better things to come. Before him are obstacles ugly and numerous, but, by the light of battle in his eyes, obe can tell that to him they exist but to be overcome. In any case, to him who thus projeots himself into the years to ootoe fife is still a reality if not a treasure. But to one who dreams, as O'Brien did, of the past, always the past and only the past, there is no more joy of livingthere is soarcely any more life. All that spelt life to him wss coffined and buried in the unreturning past. By the aid of memory he could oall its phantom back, it is true; but only to torment his soul with its sad and bitter, if dear eluBiveness. I think he liked to vex his spirit thus, and he chose the drover's life for the fuller opportunities it afforded him of communing with himself. And the seriousness and quiet of Nature in her ohosen haunts of plain and forest afforded few distraotions suoh as abound in the cities to interrupt the solitude of his spirit. This is how he came to join a paroel of rough drovers. It waB the day before he died. "Blase," he said to me, "we have become great friends, have we not—a couple of fellows who were utter strangers a few mouths agoP" And he '"There was that in his smile which few men could resist, and, I take it, fewer women. It revealed the strength and tenderness of his nature as if a window were opened through which his soul became visible. . "When I am gone you will and in this envelope a short account of the episode whioh made my life first a paradise, and then and evermore a \- *»hy do I give it to youP Well, simply beoause you are my friend, and it will help you to understand why I have beoome a castaway—how my life has been wreoted,.and how all my hopes have gone down—all but one, whioh may have Its fruition elsewhere; in a place to which I am going very fast." As he said this in a low voioe, his eyes took on that dreamy look I knew so well, gazihjg steadfastly out of the window oveir the green and brown tracks of the huge hills, over the long sfeabeach of yellow sand, out on the turquoise aea, over which brooded the golden air of the early summer. Hard it would have been, I knew, for tee to have looked so upon that lonelyvision/ind felt as he did that! was speeding from suoh things for ever, netir mb» to know the serenity and might of Solemn seas, the gladness of forest greeti, the Savour of woodland odours, we (juick df light of galloping on a good hone, the brqad dappled backs of. the brown, dappled, and grey herds, the goodly comradeship of "white men about the roaringcamp- fire, and overhead the dark, velvetty sky flaming with •ilver stars and aunt. For me, although in the lottery of love my ticket was a blank, these things were a delight I am young, and the mere aot of living is a delight. Perhaps wen tove may come to me again some day. Who knows P Bat to O'Brien all these were nothing, or tat. Meed, at flower* intended for a bride, and then, by sad mischance of fate, need to deck hW dead body. Lightly, calmly, but surely as a 'loosened boat drifts from itB moorings in' the harbour down over the bar and into the outer ocean, so I saw him pass away. The evening before he died he made me read to him a little poem of Tenny-. son, and it was in the spirit of that poem that he oommitted himself to the deeps of whioh there is neither beginning nor ending. The silvor-headed father who was with him all that night could not have gone to his account with a steadier faith or a calmer courage. But this was the poem I speak of, and never to my mind—for though I like to read poetry, still, being only a lude bushman, I am no judge o ttta^ matter-^ has the great poet vrh^vjijped it isxpfe^ ' v finer lines:— / ' Sunset, and evening star, f n o iw| r, \j C. / And one clear call f^r me, & ; 1 1 1 k rJ ' , And may there be no rWning ol the bar When I put out to sea>/ <' " ( .'" But Buoh a tide, aB moving^jtasa asleep;. '' Too fall for sound or foam, When that whioh drew from out the boundleBS deep Turns again home. Sunset, and evening bell, And after that the dark, And may there be no sadness of farewell When I embark; For though from out this home of time and plaoe, The flood may bear me far, . I hope to meet my Pilot, faoe to face, When I have orossed the bar. When all was over, and the body of the man who had so interested and attraoted me was consigned to the dust from which it had been fashioned, I opened the envelope and read his story. It ran thus:—" On a fine morning I was plucking berries from the hedge in a lane in the outskirts of the town of Galway. My hat was full of the juioy fruit. I was delighted with their ripeness and size. You do not need to be told that then I was a boy. The sound of a horse's hoof-strokes fell upon my ear. I looked, and saw a girl riding up the lane. It is fifteen years ago now, and I was fifteen then. That morning divided my life into halves. From the sea then my life sloped up to that morning as to a mountain summit, and then sloped downward on the Other side to the sea again. And the sea was Eternity. " She was all in white. I know the material, for I had a sister then. She is Waiting for me on the other shore. "Little sister, shall I know you, shall I indeed meet youP And you, who died a blossom of fourteen years, shall you know your brother again dressed in weeds of sorrow which you never woreP "The maiden who rode down upon me that morning was about my own age. Her dress, I have said, was white—white cashmere. A wide hat of whito velvet, turned up at one side, rested upon, but did not conceal, her shapely head, and a white plume, formed of a single ostrich feather, lay back over it in that delicious ourve which is Nature's favourite line. Her dainty shoes were white, and buckled with pearl. The pony whioh carried her waB white, with a silver mane and tail. " It was a pretty fancy thus to mount and garb the maid so that she looked to me like some frail statue spun from snow, which might vanish into nothingness at any moment. " But when Bhe drew near I saw that her hair was like a raven's wing, and her eyes were veiled with black lashes of wondrous length of a deep and royal blue—•' the black-blue Irish eyes and hair of Queen Isolf With hair and eyes so intense in colour there went a skin that dazzled with its whiteness— the combination so common in Ireland, so rare elsewhere. ' i' k " To say that she was lovely gives but little impression of her wonderful beauty. There was nothing to equal the clarity of her perfeot beauty, unless it be the light from a star. Her hair, her eyes, and her red and superbly curved lips were the only fragments of colour, that interrupted her white loveliness, and interrupted it only to make it mbre perfeot. _ " I forgot my berries in .my admiration of her beauty, and for a moment I thought Bhe was one of those spirits which Bhine through the beautiful lore of my country's people. " But with a gesture of her riding whip she. dispelled this illusion. f "'Give me some berries, boy, she said, with the look and tone of an e ™^Bhe"was a girl then, after all, for like me she had not lost her taste for berries. Bhe took me for some peasant lad, for my face and hands ware stained with the juice of the berries I had been cutting and feasting upon, and my hair was rough, and my clothes torn and stained with many a scramble through the brambles and many a tumble on the wet green turf. "Perhaps if she had passed me with a look of disdain I would have looked at her, and marvelled and forgotten. But when this dainty vision condescended to eat berries out of my own hat, a bond of sympathy was established between us.; And as we ate, we chatted. "'Are you one of the boys from the: town?' she said, pointing to the west, where Galway lay. " ' No; I'm from Dublin,' I answered, and told her how I was stopping for a holiday with my uncle. It turned out tfiat she knew him quite well. Heir father and he were the greatest friends. .'Her father was one of the hereditary landlords of the country, and so, too, was my uncle. "' You must get your tincle to bring you up to Castle Corrib,' she said. "Of course I agreed. " Then we planned boating and riding expeditions and nutting excursions and explorations, in which she was to be my guide. And quite an hour wore away imperceptibly. When she rode off after pressing my hand I stood dazed and enchanted. "It was my first glimpse into the haunted glades of the dreamland of love. " My uncle was James O'Connor. He was my mother's brother. He you have known as O'Brien; that name will suffice. You have known the man; the name is nothing. But my Christian name is Edward. " Brought up in Dublin, my mother thought that six months by the sea would do me good, and so I came to be in the lane that June day. " When I went home to the comfortable stone mansion where my uncle lived in the midst of his many acres of grass and bog I told him with boyish effusion of the charming apparition I had met. "'That was little Sabina Butler,' he said. «In this case again the Christian name is correct, but the surname is feigned. " • I'll take you over there to-morrow,' he went on. ' Mr. Butler is one of my best friends.' " This was all that I wanted. Well, we went to CaBtle Corrib, a. structure of rough-hewn stone, grey with years and green with the mosses born of age and that humid climate. About the whole building, with its broken windows, its creaking doors, the broken flags and tiles of courtyard and hall, the wormeaten wood and weather-battered stones, with the interrupted coping like a human jaw from which time has pulled some of the teeth. Portion of the castle was in good repair, that which the inhabitants occupied. The rest was evidently regarded with little care, and seemed going to ruin more through neglect than time. "It had been the family seat of the Butlers for centuries. Ormond was the last male in a line whioh had never lacked a direct heir from times at leaBt antecedent to that which placed a Tudor upon the English throne. But now the family line was represented for the first time solely by a girl. That girl was Sabina. Her mother had died years before, and she and her father lived in the castle. " When his wife died Mr. Butler had become the victim of a settled melancholy, which it was Tare to see absent from his demeanour. « When I saw him he was a man who had scarcely passed middle age. He was of tall and commanding figure, with limbs of great size and strength. His eyes far set under a forehead of singular size and • massiveness, were black, or that shade of brown which we call black, and full of power. Hair and beard were grey. His massive face and forehead were grooved deeply, as though with thought and passion. " In his early days he had dipped in Bohemes for the emancipation of his country, and when successive bubbles of rebellion were pricked he managed to escape, though regarded with suspicion by tne authorities,' and labelled ' DangerouB' in the index of country gentle, men kept in the archives of Dablin Castle. . , , , , ... "But at his wife's death he had withdrawn himself from society and pontics, and taken What pleasure there remained far him in the companionship of his little daughter and the goodly company of bookB in many languages which filled his library from floor to ceiling. For he was a scholar. " My uncle was his closest friend—the only neighbour, indeed, whom he admitted to terms of intimacy. They had been young men at coUege together, had been companions on the grand tour, had shared revolutionary aspirations, and enjoyed a congenial taste in literature. " When I was presented to Mr. Butler he looked at me with kindly interest. Then he called Sabina to him, and introduced her to me. "' Why, we have met before. This is the boy that gave me the berries in the lane the other day. I told you about it, father; don't you remember P' "' Ah! perhaps so, perhaps so ; I'm a little absent-minded, you know, my darling. Take him out into the grounds and show him around.' And taking my uncle's arm the host and his guest passed into the library to enjoy one of their confidential chats. "'Well, boy,' said Sabina, 'what is your Christian name P' " I told her. "' Well, I'll call you Eddie. That's a nice name, though it's not Celtic; and you're to call me Prinoess Sabina.' "' That's not Celtic, either,' I said. "' Yes, it is,' she replied. "' No, it's not,' I said. "'Well, what is it P' "'It's Latin. I've often met it in " Horace,"' I answered, swelled out with I don't know what of importance at being able in this way to introduce my classical attainments. "' Oh, I see you're a somewhat clever boy. Well, that's nice. I like clever boys.' " At this gracious commendation and unexpected bending of the Princess Sabina I blushed to the roots of my hair. Alas! the blush is now no longer the institution it was. The world is for-, getting how to do it. The boy of fifteen, can probably prate to you of the scientific cause of the blush, but has lost the art of illustrating it altogether, or nearly so. ~ "' Come into the grounds,' she said,, taking my hand. "I enjoyed that visit very much., She showed me her pony in its comfortable stall beside her father's hack,; and the other horse which drew the buggy, which formed their sole vehicular, luxury, though there were ruined stables , and coach-houses which might once and had indeed housed horse and carriage of which a king need not have been ashamed. Then there were the dogs, three huge shaggy hounds, which bayed joyously as their young mistress approached. There was the grove of oaks, older than the castle, older than any . building in Ireland, with the exception,, perhaps, of that roomy tower which, stood beside the haunted well in the,' loneliest part of the ground. Huge ;f things were these oaks, with their mossy , holes and far-spreading branches—trees whose parents were resting in Irish bogs, half fossilised, so far back were the days when they were acorns. " Sabina pointed out one from which an ancestor of her own in the days when the great O'Neill was trouncing the vixenish Tudor's soldiers had hanged an English officer who had brought him a peremptory message to come and fight under the English flag against Irish rebels. "Scarcely one of .those trees was younger than Elizabeth's day. Some were Bturdy growths when Patrick came' to Tar a, and Columba evangilised from' Iona. If those voicelesB forest monarchs, could have spoken, what a tale they could' have told of Irish history. "There by the haunted well Sabina.. told me its origin. After the news of the hanging of Elizabeth's officer reached the British commander, a body of: troops was sent to hang the daring Irish, chieftain from his own roof-tree, and burn the castle to the ground. " But when the English troops came to the castle the chief and his family and retainers were feasting in the great hall, while the old minstrel was.reciting that deed and many another act of renown until the blood of all in the hall wasaflame with passion and rage against the. English invaders. The troops of Elizabeth outnumbered the Irish two to one, but never could the latter have been caught at a moment when they were less inclined to yield. 8o when the' armoured English knight who commanded the troops rushed into the hall every one of the Irish, without waiting for a word of command from their chief, rushed to battle. The chief himself olove the .English knightgood Sir Hugh De Couory, he is called in the annals of the time right to the' middle—and then there was a slaughter suoh as seldom those battle-beaten castle walls had seen. Of that English band not one escaped, and where the last man fell there gushed forth a tiny spring which formed the haunted well. "' If there had been many such as my ancestors to aid the good and great O'Neill,' said Sabina, ' little would we see to-day of English rule in Ireland; and, as she told me this, she looked like a young prophetess, so full were her eyes of passion and tears. ' Oh, they were brave men in those days,' she half cried; ' but where are they now P' " Afterwards she took me to the lake, a lovely sheet of clear water, fed by mountain stream and rimmed by banks of richest emerald. Around its shores in the dark nights, when one of her ancient race was to die, ran the banshee, wailing till the cock crew. Here was the glen of the fairies. From those enchanted waters rose the ghost of a great long-dead ancestor, and in this way she ran on, with that inexplicable changefulness of the Irish Celt from grave to gay, now laughing over some story of richest humour, now tearful with a tale of pathos, now earnest and passionate with a story of wrong or of patriotism. " With a childhood passed amid such scenes, a mind fired by Buch traditions, and a heaTt fed by the blood of such ancestors, and dowered with such beauty, •was it any wonder that she charmed, and Jazzled, and half frightened me? She was the arch-type of her race—gifted, glorious, but fated. " • The man that I will love,' she said to me, ' must be a patriot.' And forthwith I became a rebel against English, which, indeed, I have remained ever Bince. " We walked back to the castle as the sun was setting, and then, at the death of the day, its ruins became more visible and mournful. A dreary wind from the wild Atlantic made a sound like a caoin over the dead among the old rafters. The hand of ruin was upon the old seat with its legends and history, find, though I knew it not, upon the sncient family, too, its hand lay with a grasp more fell and terrible. " As we entered Mr. Butler greeted his daughter with a fond caress. "' She has bewitched you, Edward, I suppose,' he said, ' with her wild stories of this old place,' and he looked at her so tenderly and sadly that I wondered, not knowing. " When we went home that night my mind was full of visions of old-time Ireland, of stern Irish chieftains and robber English captains. There was fighting, and feasting, and minstrelsy, and through all I figured, and Sabina, too. She beckoned me to deeds of valour, but nrver could I get speech with her. There was always some obstacle between us, and the faster I followed the faster she fled. It was a night of cheating dreams, forerunner and prophecy, though I knew it not, of my defeated and UJibappy life." (To be continued.) 