SOME STRANGE STORIES. The seers of visions and the dreamers of dreams are once more in appalling force to the fore. It must have been the recent In- ternational Congress of the Society for Psy- chical Research which has inspired them anew. The papers and periodicals all have their "consignments" of ghosts, clairvoyants and somnambulists; and a diligent narrator and compiler has also taken a timely hint and publlshed—to judge by the "get-up" with an eye to the literature of the traveller and tourist—a book on the same absorbing subjects. Part of its title is "Day Visions and Clairvoyant Night Dreams," and its author is Mr Joseph Darby, whose name is familiar to hypnotizers and other persons of hypnotic tendencies. LORD TENNSON's WAKING TRANCE. A friend having communicated to the Poet Laureate certain strange feelings and mental conditions he had experienced when passing from under the influence of anæsthetics, the poet replied:— I have never had any revelations through anæsthletics; but a kind of waking trance (this for lack of a better name) I have fre- quently had, quite up from boyhood, when I have been all alone. This has often come upon me through repeating my own name to myself silently, till, all at once, as it were, out of the intensity of the conscious- ness of individuality the individuality itself seemed to dissolve and fade away into boundless being, and this not a confused state, but the clearest of the clearest, the surest of the surest, utterly beyond words, where death was an almost laughable impossibility, the loss of personality (if so it were) seeming no extinction, but the only true life. I am ashamed of my feeble description. Have I not said the state is utterly beyond words? GOETHE AND HIS GHOST. The next authority giving evidence for the case of day visions is none other than Goethe, who has told the following story:— I saw—not with the eyes of the body, but with those of the mind—my own figure coming towards me on horseback, in the same road, attired in a dress I had never worn. Eight years after I found my- self in the same road to pay one more visit to Frederica, and I was then in the same dress I had dreamed of. A GHOSTLY SWEDE. Swedenborgians will be glad to add the fol- lowing interesting item to their store of facts concerning the founder of their sect:— A respectable man in Stockholm bought an estate of another, paid for it, and received an acknowledgment. The purchaser died soon after, and not long afterwards the seller demanded payment of the widow, threatening that non-compliance would cause him to re- take possession again. The widow was terrified, for she knew her husband had paid, but after making a most minute search she was unable to find proof anywhere. As the deceased had been on kindly terms with the Russian Ambassador she had recourse to him, who, being well aware what assistance Swedenborg had afforded in such cases, pro- mised the widow that he would talk over her case with him. Some days after Swedenborg came to the Ambassador and bade him tell the widow that on a certain night her hus- band would appear to her and give direct information where the receipt was secreted. This was awful to contemplate, but, as impending ruin stared her in the face, she determined to sit up on the night in question, keeping her maid, however, with her. But the latter fell into a deep sleep, and all efforts of the widow were un- availing to keep her awake. At midnight the deceased appeared. He looked grave, as though displeased, and then pointed out the place where the receipt lay in a little desk, in another room, attached to the wall, on which he disappeared. The widow went the next morning to the place he had indicated and there found the receipt. "GENTLEMEN, I GIVE YOU A SIGN." And here is John Wesley himself as wit- ness of the powers of one of the latter-day prophet- seers. He wrote:— A little before the conclusion of the late war in Flanders, one who came from thence gave us a very strange relation. Jonathan Pyrah was a member of our society. I knew him for some years to be a man of unblameable character. One day he was summoned to appear before the Board of General Officers, who said, "What is this we hear of you, that you are turned prophet and foretell the down- fall of the bloody House of Bourbon and the haughty House of Austria? We should be glad if you were a real prophet, but what sign do you give to convince us that you are so." He readily answered, "Gentlemen, I give you a sign. To-morrow, at twelve o'clock, you shall have such a storm of thunder and lightning as you have not had before since you came into Flanders. I give you a second sign—as little as any of you expect it, you shall have a general engagement with the French within three days. I give you a third sign. I shall be ordered to advance in the first line, If I am a false prophet I shall be shot dead at the first discharge, but if a true one I shall only receive a musket ball in the calf of my left leg." All this was veritied. The storm came, and the battle of Fontenoy on the third day, and at the very first discharge he received the musket ball in the calf of his left leg. A SCOTCH STORY. In the chapter on "Property Found or Re- covered by Clairvoyant Dreams" occur several amusing stories. One runs thus:— A clergyman in a country parish of Scot- land made a collection at his church for an object of public benevolence, in which he felt deeply interested. The amount of the collec- tion, which was received in ladles carried through the church, fell greatly short of his expectations, and through the evening of the day he frequently alluded to this with the ex- pression of much disappointment. In the night he dreamed that three one pound notes had been left in one of the ladles, having been so compressed that they had stuck in the corner when the ladles were em- tied. He was so impressed bythe vision that at an early hour in the morning he went to the church, found the ladle which he had seen in his dream, and drew from one corner of it three one-pound notes. AND AN IRISH ONE. A farmer's wife dreamed that she was walking near the house of a rejected lover, one O'Flanagan, attended by a beautiful hound, of which she was fond, when a raven dashed at him, killed him, and, tearing out his heart, flew away with it. She next imagined that she was running home, and that she met a funeral, and from the coffin blood flowed upon the ground. The bearers placed it at her feet, opened the lid, and exhibited her husband murdered, and his heart torn out. She awoke, as might be expected, in great terror. But here follows the most in- comprehensible part of the narrative; her husband entertained an idiot cousin in the house, and he, in doggerel rhyme, repeated the very same dream to a gossip, to whom the farmer's wife had related hers. That very night the farmer was murdered; and the next morning the poor idiot, to the horror of all, said as he rose from his bed Ulick —Ulick Macguire was the farmer's name—"is kilt! Shamus dhu More kilt him" (Shamus dhu More O'Flanagan—big black James) "and buried him under the new ditch at the back of the garden. I dreamed it last night —every word of it." Search was made at the spot indicated by the dream, and the body was found, with the skull nearly cleft in two. In the meanwhile, O'Flanagan absconded, and enlisted, but was subsequently arrested, confessed his crime, and was executed. THE SEER AS SCIENTIST. In blood-curling stories the book abounds, but these are hardly as interesting in August as they will be on a stormy night in mid- winter. We, therefore, exclude them in favor of a new version of our good old friend the story of the medical clairvoyant:— M. Mullier has recorded that the wife of a sub-lieutenant of the Customs of Bordeaux, who was a great sufferer, having been mes- merised by him, the following conversation took place between them. "Do you see your malady?" "Yes; I have a collection of blood on the chest; it suffocates me; the more it accumulates the greater my suffring; when you magnetise me you stir up this blood, it is distributed, and I obtain relief." " Do you set any drink, or any other thing which might assist the effects of magnetism, in order to hasten your cure?" "No, nothing will do me good except magnetism." "And mag- netised water?" "No, it will be useless." "How is it that this blood makes you ill?" "The more it increases the greater the weight upon the heart, and the more I walk the more is my complaint exasperated." "Is your heart itself still suffering?" "No, I see it, it is healthy." "Do you see your lungs?" "Yes." "How are they?" "Well; but if I had not been magnetised they would have been attacked on the first day." "At a certain period of the month will this collec- tion of blood which you have upon the chest be dissipated?" "Yes, partly; but the re- mainder will not disappear till the next month." And so on, ad infinitum. 