FACES AND ROOMERS Reconstruction of Ministry. Water famine at Broken Hill. ' Hon. W. B. Ronnsevell Treasurer. Hon C G. King 'ton Chief Secretary, Hon. R. Hoinhnrg Attorney-General. Sir John Col ton was born' in Devonshire in 1823. The holidays are over and business is re sumed. Mr. Justice Bundey is still improving iii health. Hon J. G. Jenkins Commissioner of Public W.uks. Infuenzi is having a great time of it in Europe. Over 80 new books arrived for Gladstone Institute. Hon. W Copley Minister of Agriculture and Ediicat'on. Very heavy storms have been experienced in the eastern colonies. Hon. Thos. Piayford Premier and Com- missioner of Crown Lands. Three narrow escapes from sorious fires in G'adstone within a few days. Hon C. C Kingston has taken Sir. J. C. Bray's place in the Ministry. One farmer on Cnndowio plains got four bags of wheat off 300 acres, Mount Gambier potato crops are expocted t.n otva !) httr vipM f.liio irnur An attempt has been made to blow up Dublin Castle a la Guy Fawkes. Gladstone Public School will reassemble on Monday. Parents mighty glad. Sir John Colton Kni<zht!Commander of the Order of S\ Michael and St. George. Twenty-seven thousand cases of influenza- proved fatal in Great Britain during 1891. Two lads were drowned in Sydney on Sun day last and two men in Brisbane on Mon day. A lad named Oliver six years of sge was drowned in a well at Uraidla on Saturday last. The Hon. W. Copley has proved himself quite worthy of the confidence reposed in him. Free education now. No more bothering Monday mornings for " fourpence for my schooling. " The body of a child has been found in a rubbish heap at Quorn. Jury returned an open verdict. Water conservation must not be neglected because there is a possibility of rain being produced artificially-. Sir. John. Cox. Bray has been formally ap pointed Agent General for this colony and wi'l go to England shortly. Patrick Fay and William Finlay have been commitied for trial at Orroroo on a charge of having committed a disgusting offence. Mr. J. Moyes i9 keeping up his reputation for bowling. 97 balls, 19 runs, 8 maidens and 8 wickets last Saturday. You can't beat that much. Fifteen million four hundred and thirty- three thousand four hundred and forty-nine ounces of silver were ohtained from the Broken Hill mines during 1891. It's a pity to take Crown Lands from the Hon. W. Copley. His record while holding the office was most creditable, especiall so .when all the circumstances are taken into consideration. H. S. H. Count Gleichen, Prince Victor Ferdinand Francis Eugene Gustavus Adol- phus Con9tantme Fred ric of Hohenlohe — Langenburg is dead. Not much wonder with such an array of names. Mr. Wl T. Stead's ghost stories will in all probability lead to a fair and impartial inves tigation and that is just what is badly needed. That there is an intelligent power genei ally unknown — no one can deny who has fairly and honeitly attempted to explain away even table- rapping. The female woman is without doubt, as Artemus Ward called her, one of the greatest iii8titooshuns of which the world can boast. But we agree with Arty, that when she puts off her proper fapparel and (metaphorically speaking) goes into pantaloons, she is an "emphatic noosance." One of these cea- tnre3 with her head bursting with women's rigVs notions, calmly advocated the abolition of the marriage laws down South the other day- Well, we knew we Australians were pretty sudden as a rule, but such a thing as this is almost enough to fuse the tvDe used n "setting it." — Southern Wo'-ld. 