THE LA.ST CONFESSION. t By Ham. Caisk, A tiior c{ "TimSi-ain-goat," "The Bondman," " The l.leenistcr," i^v. s s CHAPTiiR 11. Father, what voice was it that rang in my cm s and cried " Stay, do not travel; all your j*st from the beginning until U:-day, all your future from to-day until tho end hangs on your action now; go, arid your past is a waste, yc\iv fame a mockery, your success a reproach; remain, and your future is peace and iiappiness and cuiitent!" What voice, Father, whit voice?" I shut my cars to it, and six days afterwards 3 :irrivtd at Fez. My journey had impressed two facts upon iuy mind with startling vivid- ; tiret, that the Moor would stick at nothing in his jealousy of the honour of his faith, and next that 1 was myself a changed and coarsened man. I was reminded of the one when in £1 Kitbear I saw an old Jew beaten in the open ttiiets because he had not removed his slippers .-Hid walked barefoot as he passed the front of a nn isque; and again in Wazzan, when I witnessed tin- welcome given to the Grand Shereef on his return from bis borne in Tangiers to his house in the capital of his province. The Jew was the j chief usurer of the town, and had half the J.ioorish inhabitants in his toils, yet his commercial power had counted for nothing against the honour of Islam. "I," said he to me that night in the Jewish inn, tho l'ondak, "1, who could clap every man of them in the Kasbah, and their masters with them, for moneys they owe me, I to be treated like a dog by these scurvy sons of Ishmael—God of Jacob V The Grand Shereef was a drunkard, a gamester, and a fornicator. There was no Ordinance of Mohammed which he had not openly outraged, yet because he stood to the people as the descendent of the Prophet and the Father of the Faith, they grovelled on the ground before him and kissed his robes, his knees, his feet, his stirrups, and the big hoofs of the horse that 1 carried him. As for myself, 1 realized that the atmosphere of the country had corrupted me, when I took out from my baggage a curved knife in its silver-mounted sheaf which I had bought of a l-.awker at Tangier and fixed it prominently in the belt of my Norfolk jacket. The morning after my arrival in Fez I encountered my American companion of the voyage. Our meeting was a strange one. I had rambled aimlessly with my guide through the new town into the old one until I had lighted by chance upon the slave market in front of the ruins of the anoient Grand Mosque, and upon a human auction which was then proceeding. No scene so full of shame had I ever beheld, but the fascination of the spectacle held me, and I stood and watched and listened. The slave being sold was a black girl, and she was beautiful according to the standard of her skin, barebeaded, barefooted, and dad as lightly over ever her body as decency allowed or lust suggested, so as to reveal the most of her charms. " Now, brothers," cried the salesman, "look, see," (pinching the girl'a naked arms and rolling hiB jewelled fingers from her chin downwards over her bare neck on to her bosom) "sound of wind and limb, and with with rosy, lius lit for the kisses of a King—how much ?" A hundred dollars," cried a voiceout of the crowd. I thought I had heard the voice before, and looked up to see who had spoken. It was a tall man with haik over bis turban, and blue selam on top of a yellow kaftan. "A hundred dollars offered,"' cried the salesman, "only a hundred. Brothers, novv's the chance for all true believers." " A hundred and five," cried another voice. V A hundred and ten." "A hundred and fifteen." "A hundred and fifteen for this jewel of a girl," cried the salesman. "It's giving her sway, brothers. By the prophets, if you are not quick I'll keep her for myself. Come, look at her, Sidi. Isn't she good enough for a Sultan? The Prophet (God rest him i) would lave leapt at her. He loved sweet women as niueh as he loved sweet odoura. Now for the third and last time—how much ? Remember, I guarantee her seventeen years of age, sound, Strong, plump, sweet, and intact." A hundred and twenty," cried the voice I had heard first. I looked up at the speaker again. It was the American in his Moorish costume. I could bear no more of the si'keuing spectacle, and as I turned aside with my interpreter I was conscious that my companion of tin-, voyage was following me. When we came to .some, dark arcades that divide Old Fez from New Fez tiia American spoke, and I sent my interpreter ahead. "You see I am giving myself full tether ill this execrable land, he said."' •• Indeed you are," I answered. ••Well, as the Romans in Home, yon know— • it * what I came for," he said. • Take rare," I replied. " Take ear •• !Tn drew up shortly, and said, "By-the- j v, i ought to be ashamed to meet you." i tlMHip.hfche ought, but ior_«mrtesy, X asKeil I..in why. •• Because," said he, I have failed to act up t«. my principles." in what?" I enquired. "In saving the life of a scoundrel at the l'is-k of my own," he answered. '! hen he told me his story. " I left Tangier," In Miid, "with four men in my caravan, but it di-.t not suit me to bring them into Fez, so I diM.Nissed them a day's ride from here, paying in mil for the whole jourijey and making a present over. My generosity was a blunder. The Noor cannot comprehend an act of disinterested kindness, and I saw the ruffians lay their hn.r^s together to find out what it could mean. Tin.of them gave it up and went ofi home, but liie fourth determined to follow the trace. His name was Larby; he was my guide, and a nn -1 brazen hypocrite, always cheating me. I let liiin do so, it amused me—always lying^ to niv face, and always fumbling his beads—'God foitive ine, God forgive me"—an appropriate penance, vou know the way of it. "Peace, Sidi T said the rascal. "Farewell! Allah eetd we meet in Paradise." But the devil meant that we should meet before that. We have met. It was a hot moment. Do you know the Hamadshi), Mosque? It is a place in a tide street sacred to the preaching of a fanntiial follower of one Sidi Ali bin Ham. ;day] „ 1 met a man coming out. It was Larby. i " 1',^-ba!" he whispered with a tragic start— that was his own name for me on the journey. Keep your tongue between your teeth," I tvhispered ba;k. I was Beeba yesterday, today I'm Sidi Mohammed." Then I entered. I spread my paj>er-mat, chanted my first Sura, listened to a lusty sermon, and came out. The re, as I expected, in the blind lane leading from the Hatndaslui to the town \«as Larby waiting forme. " Beeba," said he with a grin, you play a double hand of qards." "Then," said I, "Takecare I don't trump your trick." The rascal had thought I might bribe him, and when lie knew that I would not I saw murder in hiB face. He had conceived the idea of betraying me as the next opportunity. At that moment he was as surely aiming at my life as if he had drawn his dagger and etabbed me. It was then that I disgraced uiy principles." "How? how?' : I said, though truly I had little need to ask. "We were alone, I tell you, in a blind lane," eaid tho American, " but I remembered stories the man had told me of his children. ' Little Hoolia,' he called =his daughter, a pretty, Mack-eyed mite of six, who always watched for fcim when he was away." I was breaking into perspiration. " Do you mean,' I said, "that you should have" "I mean that I should have killed the .econndrcl there and then," said the American. "God forbid it," I cried, and my hair rose from my scalp in horror. "Why not?" taidthe American. "It would have been an act of scl/dcfcncc. The man meant to kill me. He will kill me st ill if I give him the chance. What is the difference between murder in a moment and murder after live, ten, fifteen, twenty days? Only that one ib murder in hot blood and haste, and the other is murder in cold blood and by steailh. 3b it life that you think so precious? 'l Ucn why should I valut his life aiore than I do »..> •im?" I shivered, and could say nothing. " Yon think me a monster,"paid the American, " but remember, since we iaft England the atmosphere has changed." "Remember, too," I said, " th&t-ihis; man can flo you no harm unless you intrude yourself upon hi« superstitions again. Leave the country immediately; depend it he is following you." "That is not possible," said tho American, "for I am following liim. ITutil I i^-me up with him I can do nothing, and my existence is not worth a pin's purchase." I shuddered, and we parted. My mine told me that he was right, but my heart clamoured above the voice of reason, and said, " 1'ok •.fiuld not do it; no, not to save a hundred hundred lives." Ah, Father, how little we know ourselves— how little, O, how little! When I think that he shrank back—he who held Jife so cheap — while J—I who held it so dear, so sacred, Godlike Bear with me; I will teli all. I met the American at interval-; during the Bext six days. We did not often speak, but a we passed in the streets—he alone, 1 alivay with my loquacious interpreter—I observed with dread the change that the shadow oi death hanging over a man's head . in bring t paes in his face and manner. He grew thin and Fallow and wild-eyed, nervous ami gloomy and iijuroee. One day he stopped me, and eaid, "J Know now what your l!'i.Ic-l:o Toiftrr died of;"' .idiI tll'J! ho '.Vrilt »s; v, r 'i.- •ut another word. But about ten days after our first meeting in ! he slave market he stopped me agiin, .ibd m aid quite nhterfnlly, "he has gone homo — I'm ituGswbIitWo atis- lied of that, now." "Thank Cod !" 1 answered involuntarily. " Ah," he said, with a twinkle of il\e eye, •'who says that a man must haug up his humanity on the peg with his hat in I'm hospital hall when lie goes to be a surgwu? If the poet Keats had got over the fir^t sh.vk to his sensibilities he might have been t!i<; greatest surgeon of his day." " You'll be more careful in future. 1 said, " not to cross the fanaticism of these fanatics?" . „ He smiled and asked if I knew me karueein Mosque. I told him I had seen it. "It is tho ereatest in Morocco, he said. " The Moors say the inner court stands on eight hundred pillars. I don't believe them, and I mean to see for myself." I found it useless to protest, and he went Uis way, laughing at my blanched and bewildered face. "That man," I thought, " is fit to be the heroof a tragedy, and heis wasting himself on a farce." Meanwhile I had a shadow over my own life which would not lift. That letter which I liud received from home at the moment of leaving Taugier had haunted me throughout the journey. Its brevity, its insufficiency, its delay, and above all its conspicuous omission of all mention of our boy had given rise to endless speculation. Every dark possibility that fancy could devise had risen before me by way of explanation. I despised myself for such weakness, hut self-contempt did nothing to allay my vague fears. The child was ill; I knew it; I felt it; I could swear to it as certainly as if my ears could hear the laboured breathing in his throat. Nevertheless, I went on ; so much did my philosophy do for me. But when I got to Fez 1 walked straightway to the English post-ofiiee to see if there was a letter awaiting mo. Of course there was no letter there. I had not reflected that I had come direct from the port through which the mails had to pass, and that if the postal courier had gone by me on the road I must have seen him, which I had not. I was ashamed before my own consciousness, but all the same the post-office saw inc every day. Whatever the direction that I took with my interpreter it led towards that destination in the end. And whatever the subject of ceaseless gabble it <vas forced to conie round at last to the times and seasons of the mails from England. These were bi-weekly, with various possibilities of casual arrivals !>esides. Fez is a noble city, the largest and finest Oriental city I had yet seen, fit to compare in its own much different way of beauty and of splendour of the great cities of the West, the great cities of the earth, and of all time; but for me its attractions were overshadowed by the gloom of my anxiety. The atmosphere of an older world, the spirit of the Hast, the Eense of being transported to Bible times, the startling interpretations which the Biblical stories were receiving by the events of eve.v day—these brought me no pleasure. .A< the constant reminders of the presence ot Islam every hour, at every corner, the perpeiu.d breath of prayer and praise which filled tins land that-was corrupt to the core, they gave me pain more poignant than disgust. The call of the mooddin in the early morning was a daily agony. I slept three streets from the Karueein minarets, but the voice seemed to float into my room in the darkness, and coil round my head and riu? in my ears. Always I was awakened at the fi i st sound of the stentorian *' Allahukabar," or if I awoke in the silence and thought with a feeling of relief, "it is over; I have slept through it;" the bowling wail would suddenly break in upon my thanksgiving. , There was just one fact of life in Fez that gave me a kind of melancholy joy. At nearly every turn of a street my oars were arrested by the multitudinous cackle, the broken variousvoiced sing-song of a children's school. These Moorish schools interested me. They were the simplest of nil possible institutes, consisting usually of a rush-covered cellar, two steps down from the street, with the teacher, the Talcb,oftenahalf-blind old man, squatting in the middle of the floor, and his pupils seated about him, and all reciting together some passages of tho Koran, the only textbook of education. One such school was close under my bedroom window; I heard the drone of it as early as 7 o'clock every morning, and as oftea as I went abroad I stood for a moment and looked in at the open doorwaj-. A black boy sat there with a basket for the alms of passers-by. He was a bright-eyed little fellow, six or seven years of ase, and ho knew one English phrase only. " Come on," he would say, and hold up the basket and smile. What pathetic interest his sunny fax.-e had for me, how he would cheer and touch me, with what strange memories his voice and laugh would startle me, it would be pitiful to tell7 Bear " - with '" me, I was far from my owi u darling, I was in a strange laud, I was a weak man for all that I was thought so strong, and irv onp bespttinr infirmity—I'wrp than a mother's tove—was weyed upon by my failicg health, which in turn was preying upon And if the -sights of the streets brought me pain, or pleasure that was akin to pain, what of the sights, the visions, the dreaais of my own solitary mind ! I could not close my the darkness but I saw my boy. ilis'littly child ghost was always with mo. He never i appeared as I had oftenest seen him—laughing, 1 romping,and kicking up his legs on the hearthrug. Some times he came as he would do at home after he had committed some e-hildisli | trespass and I had whipped him—opening the j door of my room and stepping one pace in, I quietly, nervously, half-fearfullv, to say good- , night and kiss me at his bedtime, and 1 would j lift my eyes and see, over the shade of my • library lamp, his little sober red-and-white 1 face just dried - - of - its • recent tears. Or ~ again sometimes I myself would seein in these dumb dramas of the darkness to go into his room ! when he was asleep, .. that I might _ indulge _ my j hungry foolish heart with looks of fondness that the reproving parent could not give, :ind find him sleejiing with an open book in his bands, which he had made believe to read. And then for sheer folly of love I would pie.k up his wee knickerbockers and turn out its load at either side to see what a boy's pockets might lie like, and discover a curiosity shop of poor little treasures—a knife with a broken , some ""l While I waB indulging this weakness the conviction was deepening in my mind that my boy was ill. So strong did this assurance become at lengtti, that ttiough I was ashamed to give way to it so far as to set my face towards home, being yet no better for my holiday, I sat down at length to write a letter to Wenman—I had written to my wifo by every mail—that I might relieve my pent-up feelings. I said nothing to him of my misgivings, for I was loth to confess to them, having no positive reasons whatever, and no negative grounds exeept the fact that I was receiving no letters. But I gave him a full meats in the future, indicated with elaborate care the treatment necessary at every point, j and foreshadowed the contingencies under ; which it might in the end become malignant i and oven deadly, unless stopped by the operation that I had myself, after years of labour, found the art of making. ! I silent an afternoon in tho writing of this letter, and when it was done X felt as if a burden that bad been on my back for ages had suddenly been lifted away. Then I went out alone to post it. The time was close to evening ; prayers, and as I walked tlirough the streets ' the Tafcbs and tradesmen, with their prayermats under their arms, were trooping jnto the various Mosques. Going by the Karueein Mosque»X observed that the frood Muslimeen were entering it by hundreds. Some special celebration,''£ thought. My heart was light, my eyes were alert, and my st^p was ouick. For the iirst time since my coming to the city, Fez seemed to ine a beautiful yLaoe. The witchery of tbesosnesof the streets took hold of me. To be thvss transported into .a world of two thousand yeare Ago gave me the delight of macic. When I reached -the English post-office I found it shut up. G\si its shutters b&klud; its iion grating a notios-boavd was hntg out, saying that the office was temporarily closed for the sorting of ao incoming mail aud the dispatch of an outgoing oue. There little crowd ofiieople waiting in front-clJSfly ! Mo..,.-!: servants of English vis.tors-for ihe 1 window? to open again, sad near - by stood - the • j .,:^rses of the postal courier,: pawing the pac.3- ! iUfnt. I dropped my lettw^.uto the slit in tue: • wiarJow, and then stood askie to sf« if tlrt 1 mail had brought anything for me at last. j The window was thrown up.. :i;id tn-o letters i w-erejLinded to me through'tie grating over 1 the heads of the Moor=, wi.o v.ere crashing : urdernsath. I took them with s. sort of fear" I and iialf.wished at the first mottxat that they J might fce from strangers. They were from home; one was from my wife—i knew the envelope be'tre looking at the hattiwriting— the other was from Wenman. I read Weq^an's letter first. or ba;?, the new6 must.U; broken to me gently. Hardiy had I torn {Jie jjiiet open when I saw v,-]iat it contained. My iittle Koel hail bee.i il.'; he was still so, but not seriously,_ a'11 f was not to be alarmed. Thesdeaceon tii-ri. ou t wliUVi I bad compained of so k;tt«r!y iiad merely barn due to. their fear of giving me nr.necassjiy anxiety. For his pari uVemnan'*) h'i \voi;U have written before, rcjyjiK 0:1 my manlinei; and good sense, but my v. ife ro=trai:ie;i him, saying she knew sue There was j no cause for apprehension ; ilf 1 :• > .-Vv.i-s goltljf I alongas well u could be e:1 iwU-i.' Not a word tc indicate- ('.:-• na- •• roul d I of the attack. Suwb an i l.i>tloina.it ! have disquieted the ycrfe. * iiin&-i»«i;>j»i? aUv- To send a thing like 1 '-1 m >nf men ! Wfip the?"! 1 ^ve. ,, r roii ^'•"t-IcO 0 judgment? 1 knew in an instant what the fact must be— y boy was down ivuh iliat old congenital nfirmity of the lliroat. Surely mv wife h^d old me more. She had. Not by design, but nwittingly she had revealed the truth to me. ranville Wenman had written to use, she aid, explaining everything, and I was not to orry and bother. All that wr.s possible was eing done fur our darlins, and if I were there could do no more. The illness had to have ts couite, so I must be patient. All this is . he usual jargon of tho surgery—I know that . Wtnnian had dictated it—and then a true line r two worth all the rest from my dear girl's own • bleeding mother's heart. Our poor Noel was this, and that, he complained of so and so, and first began to look unwell in such and such • ways. It was clear as noonday. The attack of the ! throat which I had foreseen had come. Five years I had looked for it. Through live long years I had waited and watched to check it. I J had laboured day and night that when it should 1 c-ome I might meet it. My own health I had wasted—and for what? For fame, for i wealth, for humanity, for science ? No, no, ! no, but for the life of my boy. And now when his enemy was upon him at length, where was : I—I who alone in nil this world of God could . savebim? I was thirteen hundred miles from ; home. Oh. the irony of my fate! Mv soul rose in ' rebellion against it. Staggering bask through the darkening streets the whole city seemed ; dead and damned. ' How far I walked in this state of oblivion I do not know, but presently out of the vague atmosphere wherein all things had been effaced, I became conscious, like one awakening after a drug, of an unusual commotion going on around. People were running past me and across me m tne direction of the Karueein Mosque. From that place a loud tumult was rising into the air. The noise was increasing with every moment, and rising to a Babel of human voices. I did not very much heed the commotion. What were the paltry excitements of life to me now? I was repeating to myself the last words of my poor wife's letter, " How I miss you, and wish you were with mo !" "I will go back," I was telling myself; I will eo back." In tho confusion of my mind I heard snatches of words spoken by the people as they ran by me. " Xazarenee!" "Christian!" '' Cursed J ew I" These were hissed out at each other by the Moors as they were scurrying past. At length I heard a Spaniard shout up to a fellow-countryman who was on a housetop, " Englishman caught in the Mosque." At that my disordered senses recovered themselves, and suddenly I became aware that the tumult was coming in my direction. The noise grew deeper, louder, and more shrill at every step. In another moment it had burst upon me in a whirlpool of uproar. Round the corner of the narrow lane that led to the Karueein Mosque a c:..-,vd of people cairo roaring like a torrent. They were Moors, Arabs, and Berbers, and they were shouting, shrieking, yelling, yelping, and uttering every sound that the human voice can make. At the first instant I realized no more than this, but at the next 1 saw that the people were hunting a man as hounds hunt a wolf. The man was flying before them; he was coming towards me; in the gathering darkness I could see him; his dress, which was Moorish, was torn into shreds about his body; his head was bare ; his chest was bleeding; I saw his face; it was the face of the American, my companion of tho voyage. He saw me, too, and at that instant he turned about and faced full upon his pursuers. What happened then I dare not telL Father, he was a bra%e man, and he sold his Jife dearly. But he fell at last. He was but one to a hundred. The yelping hum?.n dogs trod him down like vermin. I am a coward. I fled and left him. When I got back to my lodgings I called for my guide, for 1 was resolved to leave Fez without an hour's delay. The euide was not to bo found, and I "had to go in search of him. When I lit on him at length he was in a dingy coffee-house, squatting on the ground by the side of another Moor, an evil-looking scoundrel, who was reciting some brave adventure to a group of admiring listeners. I called my man out and told him of my pur. pose. He lifted his hands in consternation. " Leave Fez to-night?" he said. " Impossible, my Sultan, impossible! My lord has not heard the order?" "What order?"' I asked. I was alarmed. Must I be a prisoner in Moroe'co while my child lay dying in England ?" "That the gates be" closed and no Christian allowed to leave the city until the morning._ It is the order of the Kaleefa, my Sultan, since the outrage of the Christian in the Mosque this morning." I suspected the meaning of this move in an j instant, inc+anf- and tho tJin guide's cmid^'fi answers IlllSWPrK to my niv <;uesi tiens ratified my -fears. One man, out of oues- madness or thirst for revenge, had led the attack ujwn the Am-ricax, .'w a crowd OL' feuatice ii.iu killed aim—giving him no chance of retreat with his life, either by c'.rounici-i i; or the profession of Islam. But cooler heads had already found time to think oi the penalty of sheddijg Christian blood. That penalty was twofold ; first, the penalty of disgrace which would come of the idea that the lives of Christians were not safe in Morocco, 1 and next, the penalty of hard dollars to be paid to the American Minister at Taugier. To j escape from the double danger the outrage was j f to be hushed up. Circumstances lent themselves to this artifice. True, that the passage ! g of the American across country had been ! r known in every village through which he had ; c passed; but at the gates of Fez he had himselr : t cut off all traoes of his identity. He had I u entered the city alone or in disguise. His C arrival as a stranger" had not been notified d at any of the "clubs or bazaars. Only one. welCbJttawc man had ' * recognised — * - — him. That man was Lai by, his guide. The body was to be buried secretly, no Christian being allowed to see it. Then the report was to be given out the dead man had lieen a Moorish subject, that he had been killed in a blood-feud, and that the rumour that he was a Christian caught in the act of defiling the Mosque was an error without the shadow of truth m it. But until all this had been done no Christian should bo allowed to pass through the gates. As things stood at m present the first impulse of a European would aq be to fly to the Consul with the dangerous news. I knew something of tho Moors and their country by this time, and I left Fez that night, but it cost me fifty pounds to get out of it. There was a bribe for the kaid, a bribe for the kaleefa, and bribes for every ragged Jack of the underlings, down to the porter at the gato. With all my honor and the fever of my anxiety I could have laughed in the faee of the first of these functionaries. Between his greedy desire of the present I was offering him, his suspicion that I knew something of the identity of the Christian who had been killed, his misgivings as to the reasons of my sudden flight, and his dread that I would discover the circumstances of the American's death, the tising the like of it myself, that if I betrayed any knowledge of what had happened it would be impossible that I should be allowed to leave Fez. So I pretended to know nothing. It was a ridiculous interview. On my way back from it I crossed a little company of Moors leading, surrounding, and fill 'owing a donkey. Tho donkey was heavily ;.: !tn with what appeared to be two great ' uniers of rubbish. It was dusk, bat my has always been keen, and I could not help seeing that hidden under the rubbish there was another burden on the donkey's back. It was the body of a dead man. I had little doubt of who the dead man must be; but I ha«tened on and did not look again. The Moors turned into a garden as I passed them. I guessed what they were about to do there, but i'.iy own danger threatened me, and I wi.-bed to sec and know no siorf. As I was passiug out of the tGwu in the moonlight an hour before midnight, with uiv grumbling tentmen and muleteers :it my heels, a man stepped out of the 6l:adcw cf the gateway arch and leered in my face and said, in broken English, " So yovir Christian friend is corrected:oy Allah I" It was the scoundrel whom I had seen in the coffee house. I knew he must be Lirby, and •that he had Ik-Grayed his master at last. Alas, i knew that lie was aware that I had seen alL At that mimeni, lookingdownfi'o:i; my horse's ™to the mau's evifface my whole nature \ rememwred tne one opportunity whit-ii tne the Ame.ne.in Afiieriean naaloss- oatoi hadlost—oatof a awandc-r- wanor-r- :' nnpu ?e of human tendemess-of saving ; » IS °- v11 "I? by ttking the life ot bun tua. , threatecird it; ana I said in my heart of ; hf al l *< r - heaven keep me rrom the j f-S „ , mo. ! -f. Ah, h . Father, do not .shrink f ™ ^ fi?V' froiii "^rdr me; think d •if it, only think of it. £ was fifteen hundred ; < t, thmk of it.^ t ui.di.d ijiiles from ^'^f^L! 1 home, , 0 and 1 I was ggoing back to " ' ^j ^ymg bc^ TgOvkkcome WeaKN'es I'enpar'a Quinine and £ron Tonk: gives Ne»- Life, Appetite, Health, Strength, and Energy. It cures Indi- (Kstios, Nervous Debility, &!id Neuralgia. Kalf-avjavn bottles. EverywL Insist on < liadnc,' I'Sfl'JEH's. z!)3thao ! a j • 