? AT the meeting uf theatrical people held last week to make arrangements for the Dampier complimentary irnlivcc, Mr. F. Pollock recommended that retired veterans like Mr. Coppin, Mr. Carey, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Harwood and Mrs. Harsvood should be asked to plav ill some suitable production. Mr. Harwood and Mr. Carey in reply stated that t'ney did not think the old actors would diaw to any extent worth speaking of. A liein! O, mummer, actor, mime, A moral here behold— How very short a time It takes one to grow old '. For neither smiles nor tears Can for a moment stay The flviug of the years, The dying of a day. There was—would it were still'— A time when Coppin's name Did like a whirlwind fill The speaking-trump of fame. Then people used to swear— They could swear, by-the-bye— N'o actor could compare Willi Coppin as Paul Pry. Dick Stewart, too, was then A celebrated man; We write with reverent pen, The low comedian. And Harwood and the rest, A festive lot, and gay, To living lent a /.est— Ah, well, they had their day. They had their day and so AYe think their conduct sane In wishing not to show Upon the boards again. New actors, with new styles, Now new amusement give, And—here is food for smiles !— It seems tliey, too, must live. Vet sad enough it is That these old pros., still hale, AVith all their comic biz.., Should be so flat and stale, And that if they would go To raise a laugh—in hosts They'd have to raise also An audience of ghosts ! ISLAND IIOLT.arfistthathe is,mustagj,in hecomplimented for his excellently-staged production of the " Hells of Haslemere," and the big house of Saturday night was not slow in letting Bland know what they thought of the Hells. How they applauded (we refer to the people, not. the Iiells). and how the Gordon and Brunton scenery was appreciated, and, mind yon, there were some ten or twelve scenes, but still the audience, untired, applauded on. The story opens under the elms of Haslemere, the place beiug en feie at the coming of age of young Squire Gienuy, and his engagement to pretty Evelyn Bishop is, of course, the talk of the place. Albert Norman coming upon the scene, and being a moneyed individual, thinks lie can da as he likes. He likes to dance with the squire's exgayce, and promptly falling in love with her in regular old stage fashion, wants to dance with her. She objects, and this riles Albert to bring down his oye-broivs. Sol (lens) and the an iieiice at once see trouble ahead for ICate Bishop. Tin; squire orders NonuauofT, and the latter (having interviewed the prompter or property niau before coming to the festivities) produces a win rant of ejection, announcing that he is the mortgagee! Ha! ha! The plot thickens, and troubles threaten Albert Norman, as the scoundrel, assisted by others, stalks on act after act and upsets the "apple-cart" of everybody. Bank cheques darken the air, lynch trials and thrilling adventures crop up in all sorts of places, and, eventually, we are treated to the novelty of Bland Holt, a blacksmith, and one Beresford taking refuge in a Mississippi swamp, and find Walter Maker, who is just about to peg out. Walter, in the most obliging manner possible, smoothes out affairs, and puts Norman away, saying the mortgage deeds are not "uinti-doodle," in other words, are forgeries, and furthermore states that Albert has abducted somebody or other, the local Considines and Cawseys thus getting on the scent. There are a lot of other things that we have omitted to mention, but it's unlucky to go back. Mr. Glenuey is the hero, and a very fine and effective hero, too Miss Kate Bishop is all there as Evelyn, and Edith Bland,as Albert Silkstone's wife, very much ditto. Mr. Norman cannot be beaten for roguery (we mean stage roguery). Walter Baker, Ted Russell, Chichester, Miss Ireland, Harry Norman and others too numerous to mention spread themselves conspicuouslythrougbout, and acquitted themselves very creditably indeed. As the village blacksmith, a mighty man is he, Mr. Bland Holt went to work in a manner that suggests what a formidable rival JTirzsimmons the pugilist has (that is, in making a horseshoe) in Bland. As the village blacksmithess. Mrs. Bland Holt was as charming as ever, and if the foregoing plot is a trifle hazy m spots, it can't be helped, as we are about to go to press. The " Bells of Haslemere" is a huge success from every point of view. THEY have had lively times at the Princess' this week. " Lucia " was repeated on Saturday evening with its customary effect, and on Tuesday night, the Italian contingent gave vent to its feelings in " La Sonnambula." Then, on Wednesday, we had the " Foli Combination Concert." Bellini's popular and tuneful work was produced with all the artistic care which characterises the efforts of til is talented company, and was well received. Signora Cuttica's Auiina merely adds another success to her long list of triumphs, and her efforts as the fair sleepwalker may be summed up as thoroughly satisfactory. The cast was good in all parts. The concert .was really a magnificent affair. Signer Ma.ffe7.z0li has shown that he is au orchestral conductor of high rank, and he possesses the rare faculty of inspiring his players with his own musical fervour. The orchestral numbers are well chosen, and played with exquisite finish in every instance. Of course Signor Foli was well received. His fine voice was heard with good effect in an aria from Mozart's " Magic Flute," and in the popular " I'm a Bioamer." Mr. llarley also came in for mucb applause, his rich tenor filling the house in a manner that is all too rare uow-a-d.iy.s. Miss Rossow is evidently a favourite. She is a pleasing ballad singer and the possessor of a charming voice. But for vocal effect the great scstett from "Lucia" must be awarded the palm. 1 his grand music was given by the Itali in singers with the peculiar fire and force which they alone seem to be able to use, and of course it created the usual J'urare. Upon the whole the concert was an unprecedented musical treat, and Mr. Williamson deserves well of the musical public if ever a manager did. To-morrow evening " La Sonnambula" will be repeated. ' MR. J. C. W1J.1.IAMSON has kindly granted the Princess' Theatre for Saturday aiternoon nest, the occasion being a testimonial benefit entertainment to the m popular "u, 1 Australian n. „„,;„• \ actor-author ,^,.0ll„„f manager, Mr. At)l-ed Dampiei. An excellent programme lias been prepared, representatives from all the leading theatres and music-halls having been only too williu; . to volunteer their services, In fact, the trouble is to place all the performers. The tickets are selling rapidly, and the subscriptions are pouring in in a manner that suggests the possibility of Mr. Dampier's committee erecting an engine and crane on the stage to lift up the sacks full of sovereigns that are to be presented to the popular beneficiaire. THE peculiarity in the London Gaiety Company's burlesque is that they out- burlesque burlesque Not content with a wildly serpentine contortion of such of the plot as they utilise, the authors and the actors seem to realise that in the lowest deep there is a lower deep, and everybody is stirred with an emulation to get the prize medal for diving into the very lowest deep. It is, therefore, p - j* a 1 . - r* ' L .I 1 not surprising to fiud tliatin the GaietyCompany s version of "Joan of Arc, or the Merry Maid of Orleans," the leading comedian plays a character unknown to the history or the drama of the Maid whose religious fervourandconnection withblool and fire attest her as the forerunner of the Salvation Army lassie. The introduced character of Arthurde Richemont is played by Mr. Lonnen. De Richemont is a constable of France with a weakness for singing songsand assuming disguises, l^eing a constable, it is only natural that he should bo amorous, and having jilted Catherine, should fall iu love with Joan. He is probably of opinion that " when this cruel war is over" Joan would become famous, and if they opened a pub., Joan in the bar would prove a great draw. The constable's intentions in regard to Joan are therefore strictly honouiable. Unfortunately for Arthur, the King of France, who is on sufficiently intimate terms with the constable to permit of their singing topical Bongs together, 0 . is hard-up, and goes „ one better than the Sliiels Government in showing how the Treasury coffers can bo replenished. He condemns his faithful De Richemont to pay a fine of some millions, or else to lo30 his head. Having received 110 letters from home intimating legacies left to him, and not being able to find out the French branch of D. Henry, De Richemont is called ilpon to surrender his head. When laid upon the block the king, with the skill of a union carpenter, proceeds to saw it off. Sawdust instead ot blood flows freely, and the suggestion that a constable has necessarily a wooden head is highly enjoyed by everybody except the police and the suburban benches of justices. * * * * King Charles finding—as people in much later days have found—that you can't get money out of a policeman, decides to go and break the bank at Monte Carlo, which is supposed to be a kind of medieval Chinese lottery. With a truly royal disregard for the convcnanc-s, and believing thoroughly iu the •• Right divine of Kings to govern wrong Charles neslccts to pay for his meals on the road and Jack Dark (Joan's father), who is an old established baker, insists on his little bill, the needy monarch squares accounts by ennobling the whole bakery. These birthday honours enable Jack, Mrs. Jack and Miss Jack Dark, who. of course, is Joan's sister, to pose amongst the clightey of Orleans. The action of the story is then carried on witli more or less (chiefly less) fidelity to the history of La Pucelle. Her lover and her father cast a new light upon the history of the times, for they appear as English costerniongers, and wheel " around the town " a Loudon barrow that was certainly some centuries iu advance of the times. * * * * As might have been foreseen, Joan of Arc, iu the burlesque, is not burnt, but she is wiited to her flame all the same, the flauie, of course, being the ardent Arthur De Eichemont. The burlesque is about the best that the Gaiety Company have produced here. There is just sufficient of the story of Joan to make the fun hang together as on a framework—there is any quantity of ridiculously funny incident introduced—the music is of a bright and sparkling kiud, and the dresses, scenery and groupings are of the most attractive kind. Mr. Lonnen, as Arthur de Richemont, is seen to even better advantage than as Mephistopheles. He has innumerable changes of character, many songs and a constant succession of hits of funny business. His Mephisto was good, but his Ricliemont is far better, and will place him in the very first rank of burlesque comedians —apart altogether from his vocal and terpsichorean abilities. Mr. Courtneidge strengthens the good opinion previously formed of liiui, and Mr. Bert Hasleui, as the King, plays in au easy, natural and very effective manner. Mr. Gribben, a local addition to the company, plays the village schoolmaster and the Bishop of Bovril in the most ludicrously amusing style. As Joan of Arc, Miss Marion Hood plays in a seriously inappropriate mauuer for burlesque. Miss Maria Jones, as the King's mother-in-law, Miss Katie Barry, as the Queen, Miss Learner, as Blanch D'Arc, Miss Lethbridge, as Catherine, Joan's rival in the bobby's affection, and Miss Holt, as Mrs. D'Arc, were each of them excellent. The choruses and orchestra, under the skilful guidance of Mr. Lovell Phillips, gave every satisfaction ; the scenery reflected credit upon Mr. George Gordon, and the general perfection of the production was, no doubt, due to the efforts of Mr. Walter Raynham, the Gaiety stage-manager. " Joan of Arc " is ail immense success, and goes like a house a-fire or a report, of MJlall-pox—they are all catching. Bijou patrons are well catered for this week in a grand double bill, a curtain-raiser "On an Island," a charming little one-act piece, in which a once-engaged-and-happy couple are not now "playing speaks." Accompanying a pleasure party they get thrown on an island, and even tually they mutually agree to make it up, and they make it up accordingly. The two people, whose happiness is for the time being wrecked, found excellent representatives in Mrs. Robert Brough and Mr. Cecil Ward. Every point told, and Mr. Spong's scenery added not a little to the success of "On an Island." "The Arabian Nights" is already an old favourite in Melbourne, and how the Bijou Company play it! We all know how Mr. Hummingtop goes crazy with delight at his wife going up country, and how he meanders through the London Parks in ornamental costume; how he meets the gutta percha girl, Rose Columbier; how she, woman like, fossicks out his address, and, heedless of the fact that he is a married man, visits him; how Hummingtop, fairly cornered, introduces her to his mother-in-law as the niece from America, how the niece-from-America and com plications arrive, &c.; Mr. Robert Brough, as the hero, has a part that fits him like a glove, and as a matter of fact played it with great effect. As a rare old dude Mr. Cannam shone out largely, and, with Mr. Brough, succeeded in keeping the house in a continual state of merriment. Miss Romer, always at home in everything, made a perfect mother-in- law, her glances of withering contempt being immense. Of the remainder of the cast good work was done by Mrs. Brough, Misses Gibson, Major and Liston, and Messrs. Ward and Cambourne distinguished themselves. This latter gentleman, by-the-way, is rapidly making a name for himself in the profession. "On an Island" and "The Arabian Nights" will be produced again to-night and every evening until further notice. * * * NEXT Saturday Brough and Boucicault stage " The Country Girl " at the Bijou, after its success in Sydney. In this celebrated piece Mrs. Jordan made her first London hit, and she was the morganatic wife of the Duke of Clarence, William IV. The Duke of Fife, husband of Princess Louise of Wales, is directly descended from Sirs. Jordan's daughter, Lady Krrol. THIS berth of mirth, Australia's Vaudevillo Theatre—Ua'.lia! ha!—now bill the 10Ht.li week, An excellent record. Miss Gladys Leigh, "Happy Birds" and serio-comic selections, and Alt'. Holland's " Thirty Years Ago," are probably the best of this week's good things. Whitburn is, of course, present, and like the Borises, can scircely be excelled. Mr. Doherty, too, the right-hand man, evidently understands his business, and, obliging to a degree, contributes largely to the general all-round success of this establishment. The excellent orchestra attached to the Victoria Hall deserves passing mention wmle the elegant scenery ot Mr. Harry Or 1st must be seen to be thoroughly appreciated, More good things next week. T u E (3aie t y <"«sic-liallers continue to he rightroyally received, and are this week announcing the hit of the season. Billy Warner is still scoring heavily. He's a good niau, and well deserves his success; he is now even a greater favourite than when he gave " The Irish Spree " iu connection with the Silbon Co. at the Melbourne Opera House. The Dale Brothers—clowns, comedians, contortionists, &c.;, &c.;—are also a big feature in the evening's joy. About forty other ;lrtists, all well-known and capable performers, get ;n contributions. Ladies and children are specially catered for by Dan Tracey iu the shape 0f afternoon matinees. On the whole a really capital bill, a superb shilling's worth, is givon at the Gaiety this week. THAT excellently-managed institution,the Fitzgerald Brothers' Circus, makes things hum in Swaustou-street, not alone for themselves, but all the surrounding shopkeepers and tradespeople have good cause to remember the Fitzgeralds in their prayers. Judging by present appearances the Fitzgerald folks are likely to continue doing good business for many a long day (or night) yet. BOTH Cycloramas satisfy shareholders, and vhat more need be said ? THE talented little lady rifle-shot at the Waxworks i,as hit the public tasto to a nicety, l'hil Stuart, PUNCH agaiu congratulates you. Fresli novelties are in preparation of these, however, more anon, The Waxworks is more than holding its own. 