RACING HANDICAPS. to the editor of the daily telegraph. Sir, — According to the theories -of old time horse-racing competitions were supposed to bo for the purpose of inducing the produc tion of the best procurable stock, encourag- ing buyers to purchase for their studs some- tiling to improve the strain, according to their judgment. Taking the whole system in vogue in New South Wales raciug circles at tho present time, what breeder can have "heart of grace" that the theory has any value in fact? Take that most useful of ail horses, tho perfect trotter. I pay 200 guineas for the best bred yearling. X now enter him in a maiden at 3 yrs. and find him handi capped 12see. behind, because his pedigree is of the best. If 1 loso 5sec. may be taken off, if X win lOscc. is put on, aud continuing a victor am still further and further handi capped, until not the ghost of a shadow re mains of my either winning or announcing to other owners that 1 have produced the fittest animal. Of course, to get my horse back to his original place 1 can follow the usual plan of entering suc cessive races for the express purpose of losing, whereby 1 swindle the public, pay money into racing clubs' hands and knock my horse about to no purpose. Or if 1 am of opinion that the handicap still leaves me a siiow i whip and drive a noble animal to almost the strain of death to reach the post. Is not the whole method intrinsically wroug and made to suit clubs and bookmakers? Should not all horses run in classes— first, maidens only, at scratch ; then 3min. horses ; next 2min. 50scc. horses, .until, say, 2rnin. 30scc. have been recorded ; then make that the maximum speed, and if tho 2min. 30see. horse can go on beating the field for 20 years, let him, unless a better come to the front. That would mean fairness to tho public for their cash, to the owners for original purchase, training and strong desire to better nis stud ; aud last, but not least, humane treatment to the noblest animal assis tant of mankind. Tho classification method which obtains in America gives every kind a proper show and tho public sec numerous ami excellent contests ; 500 trot ting matches are named for next season in the United States— all class races. Here the trotter that cannot perform in 2min. 50scc. oil' scratch has no .show ; there tho 3min. horse receives a chance with his kind. Owners and breeders iu Australia should' combine to alter the present way of conduct ing mutches and prevent handioappcrs from being the sole judges of the diflereuccs. Tho horses would handicap themselves by their own performances. \Vc should not then see tho absurd anomalies that are ofteu now the case — for instance, an animal on a sandy track in Victoria carrying 12st. and here on ground like a bowling green with only list., —nor would horses be kept in the dark for a year and then run a " dead bird." X am cer tain. sir. that should trotting races bo run on tho class lines breeders, owners, drivers aud the public would renew that interest which has been slowly but surely on tho wane,— Yours, etc., OYVNJSR. 