The Bibles ami modern Crlli-i cIniu. The following ' declaration on tho truth of Holy Scripturo'! has boon forwarded to us ( fjoitdon Time*), for publication 1\. It must bo ovidont to thoughtful poisons that thorow aro now ourront cortain impressions that Holy^Scripturo has been discovered not to bo worthy of . unquestioning botiof ; and tho faith of mauy Ohristian pooplo is tlioroby un sottioa. 2\. Thoso impression* aro ronnifostly a dis honour, to God, as discrediting His faithfulnoss and truth ; aud aro of full poril to thootornal lifo of thoso afToctod by thom, eooing that thoy undormitio all faith in tho mystory of Christ, and, indood, in tho supernatural itsolf. 3\. And although such imnrossions might ap poar to originato in various learned speculations in thoological and physical sciouce, yot thoy aro in groat measure dorived immediately from tbo popular hteraturo of tho day, and tborofoio no sustained argumoat can roach tho mass of thoso affected by thom ; ovon if it woro truo (whioh it is not) that tho tribuual of human reason, to which such argument must bo submittod, had jurisdiction and compotenoy to doliver judgment on tho'authority of the Holy Biblo. 4\. It is, moreover, ovidont that tho offccts of thoso speculations survivo and accumuluto to tho general loworiug of tho popular estimation of tho Holy Bible, though individual specula tions may uaye but a transitory iuiluenco, or even bo utterly refuted on their own ground. i 6\. Tho synods of tho Chinch havo not vot 1 spokon with authority to guido us in matters of such gravo importance; but it caunot bo right in tho sight of God that whoro His honour is so directly assailed, and tho sulvation of His pooplo so seriously lnndorod, tho wholo mattor should , be allowed to drift, and that only isolatod voices should bo raisod hore and thoro in tho Oburch in dofonco of tho truth of God's Word. 6\. Undor thoso circumstances wo, tho undor signed messengers, watchmen, aud ^towards of tho Lord, who havo received tho Iloly Ghost to fnUl.fnl ^{ennnenrs nf t),n VVnrrl ,.f sorely distressed at thoso things, and dooply fool ing tho burdon nnd shame of sittiug still, cau uo longer foroboar — (1) To deliver our joint tostimony heroin boforo God ; and (2) To attempt, by tho only united action in our power, to sottlo tho minds of thoso to whom our tostimony may seem to be of vol jo in a good aud comfortablo roliauco ou tho absoluto truth of tho Holy Scripturos. - 7\. We therefore solemnly profess and declare our unfeigned belief in all tlio canonical Scrip turos of tho Old and Now Testamonts, as handed down to us by tho undivided Church in tho original languages. Wo boliovo that^thoy aro inspired by the Holy Ghost ; that thoy aro what thoy profess to. bo; that thoy mean what thoy | say ; and that thoy dcclaro ineontrovortibly. tho actual historical truth in all tocords,' both 'of past ovonts and of (ho dolivory of prodictibns to ; bo thereafter fulfilled. _ . ? ? ? ? v 8\. Wo beliovb theao Scripturos ^ because thoj' havo tho authority oi Divino .rovolatioh ; and wholly indopoudontly of our own or of any human approval of tho probability or possibility of thoir subject matter.; and wholly indopondontly of our own.orof any humau aiid finits comproben siou thoroof. ' ' ? ~ . 1' ^t. And wo boliovo that any judgmout, oithor for or against thom, formed on tho ground of such 'approval or comprohonsion, or of tho want tboroof, is inopplicablo to mattor of Divino revelation. : 10\. And wo boliovo tho Holy Scripturos to havo this.Divino authority, on -tho tostimony, of tho univoreal Church, tho spouso nud.body of Christ, the witness and koopor of Holy: Writ. So that no opinion of tho fact or rform of Divino revelation, grounded on litorary criticism of tbo ScriptUrbs themselves, can bo udmittod to intorforo with tho traditionary testimony bf tho Church whon that has been onco ascortumod and; \orifibd'by;dppeal to antiquity; : ; Itisfarfrom our purposo toj undervalue or doprocatd tho oinployuiont of tlio highest ' powors of tho hu!rian intolloct, whon sanctified through praj-or/iu diligont and rbvoron t sbaroh ing tbo Scriptures, and in «uch studios as help to tho knowledgo'of;tho same, provided that tho' objoot be .the moaning 'of the living oracles and not - thoir^gonuinenoss' df . thoir aiithimticity: And, while wo boliovo that the 6oal of tho spirit of truth is set to all tho cauonicul Scriptures as tho tr.uth,of tbo liviog God, we especially ro pudiate and abhor air suggestions of fallibility in tho person of our Blessed Lord Josus Christ, in rospoct of His own uso of tho Scriptures bf tho Old- Tostatnout. ' * ? r. ; ; ^ 12.?' Wo oumostly pruy that tho clorgy and laity of the. Church of England .niuy uover acquiesco in rejecting any portions «f Iho Ono Volume of God's Revolution, as hard sayings,' causing stumbling:: but, on .tho contrary; inny hohHast thoir coufidonco iu tho faithfulness of ?God,' Who will uot 's'uffor lis to bo- dpeoived in^ humbly believing that to do which Ho hath'sot His seul ; and, may wait patieutly. knowing oiiM' : in part, for tho tnno whon wo shall know ovbn as we aro'known, aod shall bo filled uutoalKthb; fuluoss of God. Edwrd;Mojrick Goulburn, D.D.^D.O.L., some tiuie'Dfian of Norwich,' ' : GeorgoAnthbnyDonisoh, Arch'doacon.'bf.Taun Ioji. vBerdmore. Comptoni'= formorly?; Yicar' of all . - Saintfl'.Murgarot etroot. ' ????- :-r-- . . M. P. Sadler, .Probendury of -Wolls; - : T. T. Cartor, Hom;Canou of Christ Church^ ' i J. L; Rending,-' Bi8h6prSutTragan-*v'-','v'i'','.-':'/ Hinds Ho Woll, Roctor of /Drayton;'^ j.^.i.Hon.; Canon 'of Norwioh.y aud -Proctor'' ui\ J;*.-' .Convocation, ^ . : R')bortiGro.i»6ri',i Dean of St^Puul,8.'v^ ^'? ';- Canon William Cook. - . :' R. W. Randall, ^ ^-fVjcnr of ^ :Air;S«inU\\.;C«iftoih Hon. Canon of Biihtol. T. L. Olauuhton^hito'Bishop.of St.'Albau8;- '-: ; ' R.' Payne-Smith,' Doan of Canterbury, vr..; : .v .; ... ' P. H. Leicester, Suffragan of, Potorborough.i ,; - : ? Willidm' Rulph Cburt'on, Canbh^of.St; ' Albans/; ' H. ;.W.;* ^\Vebb-Poploe,: Yicar of !St. Paul's, 'On-' » flow-squaio, Loudou. » ' ' - ' ^ 1 . ;l3riiald LhnoV ArcHdpac'oo'orStoko^uponTreut. . Willinui Butler. Doan of Lincoln. ? - ? : ;H. Donald W.-SponcooDean of GloncoHtoi\ r -- ?Thoumsi Ji«. 'Espirii' D.D;,, Prolocutor of tho ... . Northorn Convocation, Chancellor - of the' \- . . . ; ? Diocoso8,of...Clio.stor and: Livorpool, Rector^ ' . of Wolsingham. Benjamin J. Olarko, Archdeacon of Livbrnool. B. M. Cowlie, Doan of Exotor. ? - ? ?- ? ' ' Arthur Douglas Wagnor, Yicar of St. Paul's; ? Brighton. . Henry R. Novillo, Archdoacon of Norfolk,1 . . ? . Canon of Norwich. ' ? ? ? Prpdorick.Mojrick, Non-rosideutiary Canon of Lincoln ;.J. W., Marshall, Vicar of St. John, Blnckhoath. Richard T. AYcst, Yicar of Mary Magdalene, Paddington. W. H. Hutcbings, Roctor of Kirby Misporton, \- ; ? and Rurnl Doan of Malton. .. .iGoorgo Provost, Rector of Stinchcombe, loto \- .. Archdoncon of Gloucester. ;Edward Mtllor, lato Roctor of Bucknili; Jos. II. Stophonson, Prebendary and Tronsuror . , of Wolls. .. . , Richard. 0. Kirkpatriok, Yicar of St. Augustine, , ICilburn. ? W. Olavoll Ingram, Hon. Canon of Potor ' . : borough; ~ . ? ? ; , ? Ohnrlos Stophor. Gruobor, Vicar of Hnmbrid'o. ... . P. B. Portmun, hito Roctor of Staple P/izpamo.' 'W: II. Askwith, RD., Vicar of St. Mary's, Taunton. ? : - ISdmund iPield, Pollow and Gonior'Ohanluin of St. Nicholas College. v » ' fvE. Eardley Wilmot, Prebondary of Wollsl 1 W.-F. IIobson. - ^ ^ Docouibor 10 ^ ^ ' * l S. v TOJTHE EDIT0II 01' THE TIMES rt ' ' SiiST-thb' documflnt recontly^published, waring. .. tlio v siguutui es a ah somo- emiuont - clorgy, ns ft 'Doclaration on tho truth of Holy Soripturo ' should not pnso without ft protost on bolmlf of all u'Jio rnluo truth nnd soborno&s; of judgmont. It is, perhaps, tho most unfortuuato, bocnuso it is tho most ox tvoiuo, of such joint docutnonts, somo of which will rocur to our momorios. A fatality sooms to hang ovor such joint declarations. Suroly it is littlo short of amazing that somo of tlio signatories should havo individually committod thomsulvos to such ft statomont as tho following: — 'AYo boliovo thoso Scripturos bocnuso thoy havo tho authority of Divino rovolation, nnd wholly iudedondontly of our own or of any human approval of tho probability or possi bility of thoir subjoct matter, and wholly in dependently of our own or any human and , Gnito comprohonsion thoroof.' Thcao words nro as oloar as thoy onn bo mado. Thoso mon moan what thoy say, and thoy say that thoy beliovo indopondontly of any human approval of tho possibility oBtho occurronco ot wnat tuey douovo. it is impossiuio to go furthor in tho ftbnogation of roason. Belief is to bo totally indopondont of roason, and may bo ovon opjiosod to itJ If flat contra dictions aro mot with in (fifforont accounts both tho contrarios aro i to bo boliovod. Roasoning with tho framofs of this declar ation is theroforo out of tho question. Thoy rulo it out of court. But ono is compollod to ask somo questions in 'wdor to olucidato thoir position nnd its strango modloy of vonsouitig and uuronsonablonoss. Thoj* say thoy ' beliovo tho Iloly Scriptures to havo cms jyjvia « uuuic/iity vu uiv waiiuwuy wi tho Univorsnl Church.' But is not tlioir ac coptanco of this tostimony an effort of roason ? 'NVns tho tostimony itsolf indepen dent of all pfFort of reason on tho part of iho church ? And does there not ovist now n i Univorsftl' Churoh cnpablo of bearing tosti-J mony by tlio' uso of its roason, not in synods only, but in tho-. diffused and illuminatod Ohristinn - cohscionco ? - Wlion was tlio uso of roasonjin tho intorprotatioii of tho Scrip turos intordictod.'*or;intorruptod:; or limitod? Do thc8d rabi*helioyo that- tho spirit of God is 7 not ! ribw onlightouirig ^His : Ohiirch':and bringing;it Into moro truth and fullor light? Thoy sponk of themsolvos as ^having ro-' coived tho' Holy Ghost.' Do' thoy think that tlioy-alono rpceivc'd tho. Holy Ghost at ordination', ;or that tho gift of tho spirit of truth is dimitod to men in holy ordors? ; ! Tho moaj- namontablo features in this docu mont sobui to jno to be, 'not its , repudiation of God's, gfft of reason, but its faithlessness, its dospairi and its tlioblogical nrrogahco. It gives occasion to tboorieinips of tho .Church to blasphome. ' But, ngaiu, these writors admit that tho Ohurch'has novdv spokon authoritativoly on iho uatu'ro of tlio inspiration of . Holy {Scrip ture. It is; thorofore, permitted! to us to dorivo. our idea of thut inspiration , from tho roVdrorit and', caroful! study-; of . tho ? 'Holy Scriptures, thonisblxos in such light ns ahciont and raodorn 'learning -rthrows- on thom: ' *' ? 'J''; '; That atudy .lins hobii tho work of tho .studdritfl uhdvcritics of .this and all past. ages, and!it hns ostabli.slidd ft.faith.in that; inspir- ation such as no moro -assertion couid con voy. ?:;It dobs : not !pstablisli: ;'Hho actual, historical truth in all rocords,' hut it dstab lishos tho voracity of tlio writers; :it gives n roiility rind authority tb»'Iho . Biblo as tho record of God's chiof.rovolntion of Himsolf ; !'uhd it shovys us -His firm tread iu humnn history. It givfs. us. a: strong, moilbst, and ron8dnal)Ip faith. By oxplaining tho origin and conipositinn of tho - books— a - process .which thdKo'mpn prQcludo: ns forhiddbn— if cuts' ftway tho gr^nrid ofHlioso criticisms of details which ha vo stopped ou'. the thresh hold of stiidy of tho; Biblo 'so. mnny ^vhrr w.inid' li.ivo beon faithful to its spirit.'-; ?Whut' do ithbso signatories proposo :ns;uh altbrnativd for tho; niodorato doctrino of ; our Chiircli ns ox pressed ih' Artiolo VI. ?r I understand tl,om' to say, Tako,- on peril. of.rifjking your etoriial'; lifn, talco tho-idRft;:r of inspiration' ? which; we 38 havo arriypd;at from our partial | study of ah :nppoal^!t'dfahtiquity. ;l'Pr()strato fyour reason boforo ,it.-' Thb Ohiirch.hris .not ;spoken,' Imf WO; Bpoak.^';...! The}' :dnrb :to - try, to'.imposo on-, meuibers v.of ithp ! Churoli! of Englriud thoiruhanthjjrisod^view'of a.litornl ? and mfiolianioal .inspiration; .Tlioy; :woii Id iiidood.vlhy ? lihrdoDSv onViis'-grbvious to lio i bdrno.v;. Jjdt:it-ho said with perfect plainrioss th'at no such tliG'oi'y iof inspiration ns theirs is rocognisofl'lVy tho Churoh-of ' England/ or by any other: branch; of tho Catholic Chiircli .It ,;,is ' unauthorised! as woll as unreason ing. , -v Aloreovori' iu tho tomper that students aro only too fifmiliar withi .thoy. coiHlemh'thoso whnjdifl'or 'frdtn^thom. nH ' raatiifoHtlv. di3» honouring :G'»d,'V : ^ ituporilling tho- otorn.il Iifo!'/of:;\thoni8elyds ;»ind jhoso'rw'hfimCthMy influpi)cp;nnd,,'nndnrm fnitliVin thoi mystery - of- Christ and iu 'tho ? supor. 'natiiral.'^'-^.;;!.^^^^; .r' ; : .''iLot : no man ore-woman,; abovo all lot-:no-; ? p™ ? ;y'-^g!^ jnytnnt.hy Hnoh.n docnnihnt.ns tlifs, liowovbrj irospoRtablo. tho. signatures. Criticism is not: dostroidn^'tlibvBiblo:^ it is unworthy of holinf;''' , -This is a carica-: ?turo.v; Criticism is making, tho 'Bihlo-tonfold' .morbv,roa|7and !| j)racicnrs!-undv usofur rliviiigogonomtionivaCriticism, is .'GRsnntinlly :thd!qntcoinpqf ilio.loyd' 'pf-triithYtruth songlit: iiidnpondbntlyVnlik'!o5.of-p^ ;spqnonces;i,. Andivtho J; truth i will' - provail.-: .Thoro thns^ always :iheoniinu ?oufcry against^ j truths sinco ; thoi.idaycvwhen .tho ' Truth was j rcrucifiod. 4, on ??Calvary ~vt-Nevorthfiloss-- tho- j truth-;provnils; vWhnn i. Joromo : began his rovision^of tho toxt of tho.-Latin . .version, no words woro too strong to condemn his pro sumption and : arrogance; -i-To-dnv wo rocog nise Jeromo.as tho'foundor of . Biblical criti-- oism.v '\Vhon T3rnsinus'puhlishod his Groidc Testament .and discovored '-thnt:tho Vul gato .was. '/ not ^.worthy, . of-.- unquestioning belief.' — Uio first stop in modern criticism— ; .ho- .was? donouncod as a-' blasphemorj but oven Archdeacon Donison has condoned 'tho- criticism . of '.to-day, that is' a dishonour to' God.'.' . . Wo 8tono our living prophets, r and build tho sopulchres of-tho dead ones. Tho'Doclnration: sppaks: of ' the faith of many. : Christian:, pooplo . boing -^unsottlod.'.' ;LoC/it.. be. romQiahorQd. that ' there - are -two classes of, .pooplo whoso faith is unsettlod; Tho olass tho Declaration' ^ hnsj.'in; vio.v con'-: 8i8t8:oftho8o:.who^with-but-littloroxerci8o;of thoir. roason, -havo accepted'simply-tho literal truth of ovory' word: of tho'Biblo.n'No critical difiloultios : coniof undor ? thoir/: notico tlioy* dorivo-froni, thoir study tho guidance'and tho spiritual life- thoyineod.'^Kuoh^porHons^ do.; soi^o tho c rospoct 5;aud tondor^sy mpathy 'of ovory, onb.U- But I hftvo not found- that such pooplo'asfuith, is-:unaottlod^by - hoaring^of critici6nr.V?/Uhoy: aro alarmed- for tho'faith'of othors,\ :not -v-for rthoir.1 own.-'-.Thoir :ownj spoaking.^gonerallvv. is;, insensibly .modified.;' Sometimoa;:a8'in:tho caso- of tho'38, it is oc? contuatodj but it is not woalconod. Thoro is a far largor class, liowovor, of mon and womon, not loss procious in God'a oyos, not loss sincoro and oarnost, who do oxorciso their roason — to whom tho abnegation of roason would bo a crimo if it woro not an impossibility. Aro thoy to bo ignorod ? , Whoti nil our oducation is stimulating tlio uso of roaaon, shall tho Church placo a curso ; on it? I am uot u critio, but aioachor ; and I. appenl to all my follow clorgy on , bolmlf of tho hungry slioop wlio' look; up and would, i novor bo fod by such toaching. as that .which j thoso 38. olorgymon daro' i to v prbscribo.V Roason doos upt involvo'a rbpudiation oithor of mystery or of tho supornatiiral ? roasoii is not incompatible with - faith:} roason . and critioism load diroct to. tho ; recognition;. of: mystory and tho supernatural, Uiid, to tho .osr:. tablishuiont of a faith) at ouco -liumblo nhd i fearless aud robust. .. .'!.-^.:-'-':w-; ' r- v - 'To sutn up briofly. Lot it -bo Hiddorstood thut this ' Doclaration ' ' absdlutolyM'opudi-. ates tho uso of roason iu judging of Scrip- 1 turo ; imposes a totally ;unaiithorisod audi uiitonnblo thoory of inspirations/is n part of I faith ; and disregards and :sacrificos . 'tlio | religious instincts ntid needs - and education, of tho majority of thoso for.Avhom. wo'nro ' mossungers, wotchmou, nud -stowards of the Lord.' Let this bo once, understood ns tho moaning and ofToct of this Declaration, and our rospoct for somo among tho signa tories will ouly mako, us dosiro :thdt it shall bo speedily forgotten. — James M. Wilson, Archdoncon of Manchester, Roehdnlo Vic arage, Docombor 21. ,/ 