Passing Events, ' [BTARHtTS] ' The course of true lore never runs ' smooth,' so Shakespeare or somebody else «*id. 'Tis' si trite' saying. On a certain West Co-jst silrer nrning town, there lirea * vou'ia: «park, handsome as a horse god 1) -id noted for his nmatory propensities. We'll call him Adonis. His latest love is a dark- eyed damsel, jvhom we'll call Clara. FTor Ktpru guardian ohfpp.tn tn 'emniv. headed mashers,' anM more than onon has . Adonis had to shin it because of a No II boot. At last the old man got desperate. With murder in his eye, lie told Clara he had purchased a mastiff which was fierce as a tiger. Clara wrote and w.irned Adonis ' to be careful next time I13 came. Ho had'nt ' seen her for a jprok, and the warning roused all the ^loblest eentimeuts in his : manly bosom. 'My darling,' he wrote, ' what care I for a mastiff, for ten, twenty, ; fifty mastifis. . Be et the old tryeting place near the tpusp to-nigbt, and I'll come if' I've to walk over the bodies of a hundred mastiff*.' , He went. The stars shone lik« diamonds in the blue canopy above, and love-like below. .As he approached the spot with ©ostatio thoughts of the bliss to come. : in imagination hid arms were already, encircling, that sylph-iike form, and he opened them to receive his Jove. 'Oh, sweet one,' be murmured, and just then bis blood ficpze in bis veins, his heart stood ?till, and his hair erect. He was transfixed with horrible fear. A stray mule occupied the sylvan bower where his lore should be. He looked at the dark, hairy form, and at last found bis tongue. '' Holy snakes, wh'at a dog ! ' he cried, and fled. . Clara is yet waiting for ber lover, and Adonis sever sees the smallest poodle without a cold shiver thrilling his frame. There had been tt dramatic entertain ment, and the Vital spark of genius was tttkindled within the breasts of three young citizens who had witnessed the play. Some time before cock-crow they were' returning to their respective homes. One was decorous and. orderly,' tug a respectable citizen ofa riling town should be. One -was full of Jife and spirits, end the demon of mischief had &tered; into his soul. The third had to call in to his place of business, ftttd the others waited. The decorous one, feeling the divine afflatus of histrionic, power Within him, spake in low but tragic tones, ' Behold; I 'wait for thy coming.' The mischievous one' espied a dreaded blue coat in the distance, ; and recognised his opportunity. - Throw ing back : his' bead,, and' striking an attitude he quoted, 'N6w is the wltcWnR liour of night when churchyards y«wn, and graves give Up their fabi I Hamlet, I am thy father'* ghost, doomed to walk the earth at certain hours Of night, and by day to retorn to regions of fin and brimstone.' As th« dear, cUrion-Iike voice rolled down tlic streot like fhunder, lie clearel a Gft gato close by and disappeared, leaving the decorous one to explain «uoh ' dhrunk on' disorderly conduct '' to the -enraged guar dian of the midnight peace. ' It's dooatd to walk to the Jock:up with j»e. I reckon i ft are, to-night *PSfeB&*liLg^,. \ *'and p'raps in the mSptf ye c^reiurn I by payin' nwv^ob to yer .country. Ghost indeed! Til aight look iiko one in the mornin befve Jh* bencli.' Put there was » twinkj^in liu tge as hp- rbmemfcaiei a h'w» .somewhere Jssclr'iif the dim forgotten nae.t whenNBUc}piJjiogs hud happefieJ to himself, and h» let the decorous one off with ? caution. There is now a coolness between those tWQ_yonng meo. ? ? Whowew the jladies' who planted' the cask of beer provided for the footballers last Saturday? The players came up from the Xaomanian field thirsty with their mimic 'warfare, and encouraged on the journey by the knowledge that iionje onehad made provisipn for thejr wants. Arrived at the main roid tbe befr wss wanting, und they ^rave)I«Mi- to Zeeiiah cultivating a double. thirst ell the Way; Good enough, Tomnriel ? ^fe 