AN ENGLISH FARMHOUSE. [By a Villager.] Did you ever live on a farm ? Do you know what it is to hear the stir of life begin with the first dawn of the morning ? Just about the time when you townsfolk have put all your lights out, when the door is bolted and chained, and the last tired servant has succeeded in getting to bed, the, or very soon after, the dark gray of our windows grows a shade or two lighter, and we begin to think of getting up. The cows are brought in, the face men are busy, there is a cheerful chatter all over the yards, the milk pails are emptied into the cheese tub, and the cheesemaking is well begun long before your first sleepy housemaid has struggled down to light a fire. I am afraid that there are some of you who have barely finished supper when we are sitting down to bacon and eggs-the bacon of our own pigs and the eggs of our own fowls. By half-past 9 breakfast has receded so far into the past I that we need some physical support to carry us on to 12 o'clock dinner-a considerable piece of bread and choose or so. I Do you know the industry that goes on all the long morning The day of the country consists chiefly of the morning; All business is done then. Out of doors is the haymaking or the threshing of the reaping, each at the fitting time of year ; but it is the indoor work that I mean just now. Have you watched the succession of men-milkmaids are out of date in our parts steadying the milk pails on one shoulder as they carry them in? Have you heard the swirl- of the milk as it is poured into the shallow leaden troughs at night, and admired the unbroken yellowish surface in the morning before the dairymaid comes with pitiless skinner to take off that rich cream for Thursday's butter- making? We have none of your new inventions of separators and the like. We are prejudiced against machine-made butter, which sets too great a mystery between the cow and the consumer. One of the early morning duties is the running off of the skimmed milk and the mixing of it in the great tin tub with the fresh creamy stuff just brought in. Then comes the putting in of the rent, which is to change the white liquid into a depth of some solid curd above and green, transparent whey below. Not till after the house is made immaculately clean in every corner, not till after we have taken our interpolated broad and cheese, is the long gridiron at the end of a polo introduced into the marble surface of the curd, which immediately close. together and tries to look as if its beautiful smoothness had never been disturbed. But in vain, for the instrument breaks and dashes and whirl it round and round. All the polish of its surface is lost, but it is acquiring firmer substance under the tribu- lation, so that presently the great tap under the tub can be turned, the green whey lot to escape, and the crumbly grey-white curd be ready for the vat. Then, when the sun is getting near to its highest point, and when the great pot that hangs over the open fire in the kitchen begins to send out an attractive smell, the grey-white curd, nearly solid now, must be taken out from the bottom of the tub and placed in the round vats, which will give it the proper shape. And the vats must go into the tall, grey presses and the screw must be turned until the damp mass grows firmer and drier still, and nearer to that state of the ideal cheese which it never will reach. And now that the great business of the day is done we can go to our dinner. The men folk have come in from the fields and are waiting hungrily. On the farms, at any rate, there is plenty of good food, and in variety. The men may dine off cold bacon, and but little of that to a tolerable deal of bread. But the masters are better off, in spite of the bad times. People may talk of foreign cookery as they like. I don't believe that any country can produce more delicious food than the custards and cheese- cakes, the home-raised chickens, and the home cured hams of our farms. And I give the first two the places of honour. The style may be plain, but the dishes are good for a hungry man. We keep to the great kitchen for our meals. The wooden settle still provides seats and shelter from draught for half-a-dozen people, and we use for their proper purpose the heavy old carved oak stools which you have the eccentric taste to value as drawing-room tables, and that when you might get nice new furniture in the latest fashion out of shops. After dinner is the time for meditation, and meditation generally resolves itself into sleep. Consider the length of our morning, beginning somewhere about 5 and going on till 12. You can do the best part of the day's work in that time, and your reflec- tions afterwards upon the state of the nation and the turnips pass very quickly into stores. The time is favourable to sleep, it is so warm and still. The faint buzz of the threshing machine on the next farm comes through the open casement. A bird cheops faintly. A steady tick-tack sounds from the tall clock. The maids clatter for a little while with dishes and tin pails ; then they disappear to make themselves smart for the evening, and there is no other audible movement than the pendulum's through the house. In the summer and autumn doors and windows stand wide open. Nothing enters but the sunshiny air, or a daring sparrow who has so much trust in the improbable as to look for crumbs on that clean-swept floor. There must be something done before the early farmhouse tea, of course, to satisfy the conscience that one has earned the refreshment. But the conscience is amiable at this time of the day. It is not too exact- ing. It will take a poor pretence for the real thing. Raspberries _ fresh from the bushes, cold red currant pie with cream-a very refreshing dish on a summer afternoon -fresh-cut salad from the garden, country bread and butter these are the materials of a farmhouse tea. It is an excellent institution for hot and weary people. Perhaps it is? unrefined, but hunger is stronger than refinement, and among the long list of diseases unknown to us and painfully familiar to you is indigestion. After the early and not unsubstantial meal which we call to a comes the pleasantest part of the day. The cows come in for the evening milking, and saunter back again, quite aware that at this hour it befits serious creatures to take life in a leisurely way. The pails are carried more slowly, the very rush of the milk into the loads sounds gentler, the scent of the monthly roses begins to impregnate the cooler air. Then the dairymaids must look to their new-made cheeses. Those pale and limp ghosts of their future selves must be taken from their vats and their wrappings. They must be put through a mill, ground to bits, and salted. They must go back again and suffer severer and still several pressure, until that severe judge-the mistress-pro- nounces them fit to pass to the warm apart- ment upstairs, wrapped always in a yellow gloom, where they must be stored on the shelves, and carefully turned and returned, and guarded from the all-defiling fly, until at last they ripen to their ultimate use, and are eaten. The last of the cows are gone. The great doors of the barn are shut. The men have slouched away to their cottages and their suppers. We have strolled along the garden paths and investigated the condition of the vegetable beds. The sunset in the west deepens from the clear pale green near the horizon to the glowing gold above. The cast will soon be gray. There I is nothing more peaceful than the fields at ; this time. The grass has turned to a rich and deep velveteens of colour, and is wet under your feet. The trees are dark masses against the gold of the sky. The yards and a long low sheds that were so lively in the sunshine, deprived of their brightness, lie I as if under a spell of sleep. We stroll across the home field, through the docks and marshmallows that grow near the ] door of the dairy, and leaning over the gate look westwards. The ground stretches away, intersected by dark hedges, and slopes gently down to where the little river is hidden away. Stoop on the farther side rises the hill on which our town is built, indistinctly visible in that vague distance, row upon row of little gray house b, rising to the ridges on which the point of a spire can still be discerned. It reminds one of all the fairy tales. So misty a place might well be inhabited by the queer little creatures who burrowed in the earth and I amused themselves with the perplexities of a men in the imagination of the dead and gone generations who lived here before us. It grows more and more vague. It might be a huge castle of long ago. It might be the battlements of the heavenly city. The west is pale. Behind us the dark is fast coming on. We turn and go into the house. Farm folks should go to bed with the sun, since they get up before him. There is a quiet, sleepy supper. Few words are said. The clear darkness of 10 o'clock finds us all fast asleep Daily News. 